PUBLISHED EVEP.V SATURDAY 1I0BNLVG. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20tb, 1897. Local and General. KjfTiUES for the Nepean Show close on Monday next. Send them along. Ir.i.vBas of Mrs Player. — 3Crs Player, wife of Alderman Player, the popular bonifaM of the Hcd Cow Hotel, who has been seriously ill for some week or more, is now about agiun. looking almost ris well a-< ever Mm Player was attended tobyDr Pym. Prkpabing fob TUB Shqw.—ifra. Noble has opened to-day some really ch ice new Autumn Millinery: Hate, Ribbons, Feathers, Flowers, Chiffons, etc, unexampled for Cheapness. Children's Fashionable Straws from 3d each. Ladies will I kindly call at thecottage n€xt Council Chamber.* Death of Mr. Wakeford. — Many old resi dents of the district will remember Mr. Wakeford, of the firm of Larkins and Wakeford, railway con tractors, but later manager of the Prospect Water Works'. Mr. Wakeford, who had been indisposed for some time, passed away on Tuesday Inst, and his remains were interred at Prospect Cemetery. The Lithgow Show. -Thi3 annual Show, the opening of which took place on Thursday and continued Friday, is equal to any previous one3. The winner* from Penrith, so fat as our corre spondent informi in, are as follows : W. -J, Elliott, first for grapes, peaches and water-melons ; F. W. Lu-ias, horse show. In (he jumping contest Archie i3 lending, Stella second, and King third, a close contest. Roots, the rider of Archie, feels confident Of SUCC23S. The Exchange.—By reference to our advertising column our reader.-i will notice that the sales at The Exchange will bo held on Wednesday, 3rd March, and Tuesday, 10th March, instead of Thursdays, 4th and 11th March. These alterations in dates and days of sale have been deemed necessary as Thursday, •Itn March, is proclaimed a Public Holiday in conse quence of the Federal Eloction, and the following Thursday is fixed as the first day of the Nepean District Agricultural Horticultural and Industrial Societyti .Show. A New Departure.—On Saturday night last a -largo crowd, principally women and children, gathered on the footpath opposite Mr. R. Mills, and appeared to be gazing at something on the Com mercial Bank wall. Like the rest, we walked over the road to find out what was on and saw a man posted up in the air on boxes, etc., with a powerful magic lantern, with which he was throwing views of various parts ,ot tho globe on to the dark walls of the Westorn sidu of tho Bank, Portraits of tho Mountain Murderer, Butler, as he is called, and his victims, were also shown, but between every two or three views would bo neon something on tho wall reminding people of R. Mills' great sale ; so it was an advertisement after all, but a tricky one A Committek Meeting of the Nepcan District A., fT., and T. Society was held at The Exchange on "Friday.' of last week. Present. Mr. \V. C. Fallon (Vice- President, in the Chair), Mr. T. R, Smith (I'atron), Messrs. Weyman, Keys, Loder, Tom|iBoii, Clissold, Baycea, Doyle, Neale nnrl Hutchison. ' Minutes of. previous meeting were rend a-id confirmed. Voluminous correspondence was received, anil fhc f-'ecrctary instructed to attend to same. An application from A. Bolderson; to have a merry-go-round on tbe groand, was received and permission granted, provided that he pny 20s and would go whf:re tho Committee placed him. Tenders for a competent band-of 10 per formers were called, al3o for the coverin? of horse and cattle stalls aud the carting of exhibits. Some ntcfcssary and good alterations vere made by the Committee with reference to the poultry coops. Apologies were received .from Messrs. J. K. Leibjj'ridge (President), A. Colics?, George Innes, Jame3 Hollier, and-A. E. Baker. Mr, William Beacroft was appoint d steward in Section N (Agri cultural Implements). The meeting then adjourned. ExPEHiiiKXTiXG with Sekd.— At a meeting of the Committee of the Manning Riv*r Agrioul iuru! Society, held recently, Mr. "W. Allan, of Dumaresquc Island, detailed tlie result of hi^ experience in the adoption of the treatment of s.cd oats by immersion in hot water, as recom mended by br. Jansen. Half of the seed require! for sowing wai treated for a few minutes with water nt a temperature of 145.F ; it was then placed in cold water and sown immediately. The remainder of the seed untreated was also sown afterward. The two plots of soil used were of the satun quality, and every endeavour was made to give the same care and attention to the treatment, and cultivation of each seed. The final result proved unquestionably that, although no apparent difference could bo noticed in the growth of the two lots of seed, the portion of the seed treated with hot wnter was absolutely free from any trace of smut or other imperfection. Of the untreated seed it was found that at least 15 per cent, of the heads of oats were destroyed by disease. Much in iciest was taken in the district in Mr. Allan's rxperimeDt/.-a^l.nnangements are being made fv.r further trials with scalded (•eed at various tempera tures of water. Mr. T. J. Lorler, of Crnnebrook, is experimenting in a similar way, and the result will be duly chronicled. ' The Nkpkak DistniCT Annual Show.—The liusy tone oC the Secretary's ofllce, denotes "that •Show work^ has fairly begun, as-'on calling on Thursday mr>rniug, to know how ma Mora were pro gress in p, -vn found the Sou re lary awl his assistant busy fixing up onirics received by' the post and taking loon I entries. "Our representative, however, was able to find out that tho local entries are coming in freely, and that it is expected (he number of en tries will n»ch as high as last year, Considering the present season and the one just passed through, we do not expect that tlic cattle or fruit Keetion will quite come up to last year. Entries tor oil classes' are fixed to closo on Monday nest, 22ad. instant, so all those who have riot already made their entries, if ill Hot have too much time to do so now. The number of special prizes will quite come up to last year's list. The I/on. John fjee MX. A. has been asked to open the show on the 12th March, and (menial train arrangements have bean made to suit the,convenience of the "Windsor and Richmond folk, as well as Sydney and Iiatoomba people. Mr. II.. D, McPhee has offered a prize of 104 6d for the Shearing Contest j three sheep to bo shorn in the quickest lime in most workmanlike manner. This is a special attraction, which will cause somo ex citement us well as proving very interesting and instructive to many jnoplo of the district; Tenders have been called for a band to play Show dnys and a sub-committee have been appointed to fix a pro gramme of order, in which ihe different classes should come into tho ling. This latter alteration in arrangements should prove very satisfactory to exhibitors in the live stock section. Tho booths and lefrcslimcnfc stalls are advertised for sale on the •25th instant, and they are expected to realise pood figures, as there will bo n three day's show. Ten ders for ealoting for tho judges and commitluo luncheon, and cartage of exhibits to and from the show ground and railway station, are called for in | this issue. We note with pleasure that- the boy's turnout Cl'on.y, saddle and bridle) is being recognised by n special prize. This class should bo well repre sented, as there are a great number of credit,'ib^ turnouts iu the doctorate. ' "The Philosophy of Erbob."—Colonel Bell (United States Consul), will deliver another of his Hitet'.'Stin;; lectures at the Temperance Hall next Friday night, under the aaspioes of the Nepean Litcriry rind Debating Society. The subject of Colonel Bell's 1-eture isThe Philosophy of Error," and we predict a thorough intellectual treat. Thk Coming Shows.—On Thursday next Mr. I! K tt'aliron will sell the various rights in connec tion with th>j Nepean District Agricultural Society's Show, which is to be held on the 11th, 12th, and 13th 'larch. Tenders f it fust and second days of show, such tenders to c!o=e on Monday 1st March, {all particulars oE menu oa application to the Secretary. an'osymods Correspondence.—We have re ceived a couple nt letters from an unknown cone sp' waiters, that, if true, wouUl perhaps be interesting to some o£ oar readers. As, however, we havfi no knowledge of them, and the whole thing may be a trap, we refuse to publish. Correspondents need not be afraid to tend in their real names, as a guarantee, for such matters are alwaj3 confidential. A Jehc Wkbded.—Mr Tom Meade, one of our I<-.cal waggonette proprietors, was married early on Monday morning to Miss Donoboe, second daughter i f Mr J Djnohae, engine-driver, of High-street, Potirkh The happy couple made rio display, but simply were wedded at i»t Nicolas' Church, and Tom went on with his business as usual A dance was held at night at the bride's parents' residence, and a happy time spent. A Sh'AKE E.vcoukteU.—For several days prior S to Thursday last a black gnike, some five feet loDg, had been scan in the culvert opposite the Bed Cow ; Hotel, and at Poulton's furniture warehouse oppo site, but no one cou'd get near enough to disuatch the reptile. On Tnursday morning J. P«rritt, on parsing down Station-street from High-street, saw hi3 fnakeship coilcd np comfortably on Mr. Bevin's d.-.-or step, next this office. He called out to out sontor devil, C. Shooberf, who was' just brioging in the miil, to watch the snake while he got a stick. Cliff, however, didn't wait, hat, picking np a lump of blae metal, broke the back of the opbjdian, and so ended his career. The snake lived for some time afterwards, and caused a good deal of fun to a ctowd who gathered round and fired chunks of metal at it. Finally John Lillycrap 'carted it away, but we don't lino* what he did with it. Tenant Farmers and Income Tax Returns.— We have previously advised a number of small ten ant farmers that there wa3 no necessity to send in income tax returns, especially if such income was derived from land, subject to taxation- Still there are some person or persons who ad vis? people other wise, and we ara constantly being ajked the ques tion. In order to decide the matter once and for all, we wrote'to the Cjmmisaioners, and have received the following reply. Lann and Income Tax Office, Sydney, 16tb February, 1897. s;r,— I Am directed by the Commissioners of Taxation to acknowledge your letter of the 10th inst., and in reply to your enquiry, regarding the furnishnient of Income Returns, by smalt tenant farmers, I have to inform you that if the Income is derived dirnctly from the use or cultivation of land, subject to Laud Tax, it is exempt from laconic Tax, and there will be no necessity to send in returns. In connection with this I desire to invite your attention to section 17, nnd sub sections 7 and 8 of.tbe Taxation Act. I have the honor to be, etc., J, Stanborough, Salvation Army.—The annual harvest festival in connection with the local corps of the Salvation Army eventuated in'the barracks on Saturday last, and continued till the following Tuesday night, The building'did really present a scene of harvest time, and of good season too. If all the fanners could have u harvest liko that shown in the building', things would go merrily along, and no one would irrumble. There would be no cry of hard times. ^ However, suffice it to say tho building decorated with flags, greenery, etc, interspersed with, various farm and orchard produce' looked very nice. At the end, behind the stage, could be seen a'largo harvest scone painted on canvas, the work of Mr. H. Clark, of St. Marys,^ with which was blended ferns, -etc. At the foot"of the stage, just over tho steps, a large double arch of greenery was erected, on which were placed several mottoes.. Inside the building there were also stalls. At tho door wis situated the re freshment stall, where all kinds of cordials, cakes, etc., could bo procured at a nominal cost, the lieutenant and a few of tho sisters were- in charge. A fancy stall lower down, whereon were displayed all kinds of fancy goods, was presided over by Mesdames Payne and Bradshaw. There was ono other, a bachelor's stall, this time presided over by bachelors Messrs. J. Vine and P. Stanton. At fivo o'clock on Saturday evening, Mrs. Ewan, in a neat speech, opened the affair, und then the ladies and geutlemen proceeded to dispose of their wares. They seom to have done very well, for almost the whole of the goods were sold, there being only a few fancy goods left. Tho articles, we understand, were all given to the Army. There wore no sales, effected on Sunday. Adjutant Dutton, from Sydnoy, conducted the services in the evenings of Saturday, Sunday (all day), and Monday^ and on Tuesday night Captain .Rose, from "Windsor, officiated in a liko cupacity. "We understand tho proceeds, after expenses are deducted, will go towards tho local, corps, as there are some necessary improvements, needed in connection with the carrying on of tho good work. Pen'mth Distbiot Benevolent Society.—The monthly meeting of the above was .held in the Council Chambors, Penrith, on Friday evening, the 12tli inst., at 4 pm. Present—Mr. A. Judges (president) in the chair, and towards the end of the meeting, whon the president went away, Mr, T. L, Docker (vice-president.) Others present were Mes daraes G. Knight, E. Heavey, M. J. Dudley, J. H. Smith, E. Cano, junr, J. Price, A. Duff, "W. C. Fulton, and the-Revs. G. Brown, J. M'Kee.and J. Tarn; also Messrs. A. E. Baker (hon. treasurer), and J. H. Smith (hon. sec.) • The minutes of the previous mooting wero read and confirmed. Apolo gies for absencc wero received from Mrs. J. Ewim, Sirs. J. M'Kee, and Mrs, A. .Judges. The hon.j ticasurer stated that the amount standing to the. credit of the account was £42 4s Gd. He also stated that sinco tho last meeting ho had received the followingMrs'Jordan-'is (collected from Mrs. Haines and Mrs; Connors); Mrs. James Ewan, £1 Is; collected by Mrs. A. Duff, from Mrs. Thos. . Smith, senr.', 6s; total, £1 9s, The following accounts werepassed for payment: —Mrs Glasscock, frovorie.% £6 14h; Messrs. Brown and Horstmamm, read, £1 Is lOd; Mr. S. Butler, meut, 7s; Mr. Easterbrook, groceries, 5s ; other relief brought the total to £0 ob 4d for tlio month,'and tho total num ber of heads of families relieved was 2ti. The fol lowing wero selected tradesmen for tho ensuing month; —Mossrs.-W- and E Fulton, for groceries; Mr. Sutherland; for bread; Mrs. Player, for meat Oir- fho motion of Mrs Heavey, seconded by Mrs. J, Prico, Mrs. Fitzgibbons was appointed one of tho visiting committee. On tho secretary calling atten tion to tho fact that tho rules required a second secretary, arid that tho Rev. Father Sheridan had expressed his willingness to servo in that capacity, it was proposed by Mr, A. E. Baker, and seconded by Mrs. Cano, that tho Rev. Father Sheridan bo elected joint secretary with Mr. J, H. Smith. Tho resolution was oarried unanimously. Tho Rov. G. Brown endeavoured to enlist the sympathies of tho ladies present in tho carrying out of the programmo of tho Hospital Saturday, and trusted all would actively co-oparato in that movement. Ho would like to seo tho elergy, mayors, and ladies in etrory town in tho district using their best endeavours in tho causo. A deputation, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Henry and Mrs. Homing, of tho St Marys Society, waited on tho Penrith Society with a view to tho handing over of Kingswood casos to the care of tho Penrith Society. It was oxplaincd that al though Kingswood was municipally part of St. Marys, naturally it was a suburb of Penrith. Tho Rov. George Brown opposed tho proposal, and tho Rov. Mr. 'M'Kee spoko in favour of it. Mr. Biikor also opposed tho stop. Mr. Smith suggested that any of our liulios who had tlmo and a vohiolo at their disposal should assist the St. Marys ladies in tho work of collecting funds nt Kingswood, and Mrs. A. Duff generously promised to drivo Mrs. Henry round on suoh a mission. This concluded tho work of tho mooting. BBBHBBBBBHMBSSSi Federal Convention.—In connection with tlis Federal Convention Elections, two candidates are announced to address the people o£ Penrilh. Mr W J Lyne will speak it the "Temperance Hill to-night (Saturday), at 8 p.m., and Sir Arthur Renwick on Monday night at the same hoar and lace, Mr. Bob Reid is said to be coming, too, bat e hasn't sent along the advertisement; and whether or not, we don't think he's got a ghost of a show Social.—A return social was tendered to Mr. D Small, in the Foresters' Hail, on Wednesday night last. Although the night was warm some thirty coupler attended, and tripped it merrily to music supplied by Messrs. J. Hill (piano) and E. White White (violin). Mr. A. Sutherland catered in good style. A good time was spent, and the affair broke up about three o'clock in the morning, everybody having throughly enjoyed themselves. Mr R Spence acted as M.C. in a very satisfactory manner. A Big Change.—Mrs. Milthorpe, who, with her late husband Mr. Joseph Milthorpe. has conducted some of the largest and best hotels in the colony, has purchased the lease license and good will of that far-famed old hostelry, the Commercial, High-street Penrith. She has made wonderful changes in the place, having refurnished the whole establishment from kitchen to parlor, and laid in a stock of the very best wines, spirits and beers, and is determined to make the place one of the most comfortable and convenient licensed houses outside the city. Death of A Smart Railway Man.—On Monday last, Mr. Thomas Copperwaite, one who gave promise of being an exceedingly smart railway man, died at Bathurst, after a long and painful ill ness. Several changes were made by the Depart ment in order to effd' t some improvement in his health, but all to no purpose, for the disease, con sumption of the throat, worked its way and he died as before stated. Mr Copperwaite was a great favourite with his fellow employees. He leaves a wife and three or four young children. A Obeat Injustice is very often done because some self-assertive people imagine it is next to impossible to make, an error. Shakespeare most have made an analytical study of the human heart before he uttered those warning words " Man know thyself, then others learn to know.'' This is n lesson we should all perfect ourselves in, and when this has been dooe we hare to face the significant fact that unless we cultivate good health, prosperity find happiness cannot abide with us. Holloway's Pills will aid as to do this. ' The most eminent medical men agree that for the preservation of good health and care of disease there is nothing to equal them. Mt. Dbuitt.—A correspondent writes: A very enjoyable entertainment was given in the H'eslcyan Church, Mount Druitt, on Monday evening, .to ease the burden of the Trustees in financial mat ters. The singing of Mr. and Mrs. Henry, Miss Anderson, Miss Giles and Bev. J. Tain was much appreciated, Mre. Wilson presiding at the organ ; while the recitations of Mr Steed, Master Hilton Steed, Bev J, Tarn and Miss Vance were well worth hearing, as also were the ventriloqual performances of Mr Steed, which called forth considerable merriment The meeting was well attended The Y.P.S.C.B., which meets on Wednesday evenings, are well attended, and a good feeling prevails among its members Ldddekhaji Show.—This annual picnic—shall we say, for picnic it is to many country people, many of whom drive'very long distances to look at all the good things displayed and meet old friends —is to come off next Tuesday and Wednesday, anil, judging by the number of entries received, the Luddeuham Show people are in for a good thing. The show of horses and cattle will be better than ever they have been, but there is a falling' off in farm produce, (lowers, etc. There are about 150 entries in the horse section and 100 in the cattle, added to these there will, no doubt, be large entries for the special classes, which;close; on the first morning of the show. Mrs Murphy has the publi lican and dinner booths, and Mr F C Emery itfie refreshment booth. There will be'a band in atten* dance the second dav of the show, and no doubt the attendance on both days will be large. Protection and FBDERATfON.—Mr W, J. Lyne, Leader of the Opposition, fulfilled a long promised engagement at Booty Hilt on Thursday night last. It appears the local protectionists had for a very long time b en desirous that their lender should deliver.An address. -Something invariably happened to prevent his coming until the present arrangements were made a month or (>o ago. At that time Mr Lyne did not know that the Federal Convention election would be on, and be made a distinct promise to be present. Lateronho became a candidate for the Federal Convention, and he was in somewhat of a dilemnnaon Thursday night. He, however, spoke for a little time on Protection, and concluded with, an address on .Federation. Mr Woods, member for Eden-Bombala, also,spoke on Protection. The latter is the yo ngest member of the House, and is a fluent and earnest speaker. Mr Lyne and party were entertained, nt dinner at tht Imperial Hotel on arrival of the train, Mr J Angus, sen, occupying the chair, and Mr P A Lamb the vice-chair.- Afterwards Mr Angus, sen, occupied the chair on the balcony. There were also present— Mr T R Smith M.L.A., Dr Bundle,, Messrs J Her ford, 6 Evans, A Thompson, R. Lister, , J J Herford, L Perkins, and others. Two men who had been looking on the wine, when it was red—or the long beers with plenty of collar on—caused Bom? trouble One party had to pay for his fun on ;Fri: day, and the chances are.the other one will'' toe the mark" on Tuesday, next. Owing tora rush of advertising matter at the la3t moment, a full report is crowded out; portions of it will appear next; . week -. ; . •_ v The Hellers And Their Roval Cinkmato QBAPH.—The public of this town-are about to receive a visit, after a long absence, of the World famous Hollers, who, having finished a successful tour of South,Africa and England and coming direct from. London, bring with them all the greatest novelties of. the age. The cinematograph has cre ated' a . great sensation in ail circles of society throughout tho-world—Paris, London, and Utely Sydney and ' Melbourne gone crazy over the mystical and marvellous productions of this; great photo electric sensation, of the 19th century : totally eclipsing anything ever seen here. Scientific men. of all countries, have labored for the last cen tury to produce the results now obtained. Ouo can scarcely grnsp the idea, and a personal visit can only roveal to an educated public, the intrinsic worth and splendour of this great exhibition, which, at enormous expense, the Hellers have added to their already justly-celebrated entertainments. One beholds aa express train leaving Finsbury Park Station, London, for Scotland, the officials and passengers moving »3 in real life ; a rough sea at Dover depicts in the most natural manner,' the rushing, roaring torrent of an angry sea, breaking in on shore, throwing up clouds of spray and foam ,* soldiers reviewed by the German Emperor, showing how obstinate a teutonic officer 'can be at times ; scenes taken, by command, of tho late Royal Wed- - din", Princess Maude and Prince Charles of Den mark ; the paddock, cauter, and finish of the Eng lish Derby race—this is acknowledged by the Royal Photographic Society to be as near perfection as possible"; but time and space forbid a complete enumeration of all the marvellous effects produced, and it i3. impossible to convey any idea of what fi lelity and naturalness, the Cinematograph depicts its subjects. Miss Heller's justly-celebrated som nomancy or Trance Clairvoyant Act, will be pro duced at each performance, when sceptics and otherwise can test the lady's marvellous powers in reference to' friends or events, past, present, or future. The whole programme;is a perfect cyolone of.novelties, music,. mystflry, and mirth, being pre dominant factors in producing what may justly be termed the most versatile and enjoyablo high-class entertainment touring the colonies. As the season is limited, early booking of seats ia ndvisnble. The Hellers open at the Temperance Hall, on Tuesday and Wedtioiday next, February 23 and 24—see advertisement. Mr, Bay»{ the advance manager, whoso name is well, known, is guarantee enough that the show is a good one, and should secure the Hellers packed houses, and he, Mr. Bays, is the ! only agent who paints the town red when he comes. < Market Gardesebs will find it to their advantage to bay Anderson's New Ssed-s from Judges Bro?,* Tatters all's Pbizk List.— Moorefield Handi cap, 20th 3Iircb, 10,000 at 5 ; Hawkes'jury Handi cap, 10:h April, 25,000 at 5 ; Djocaster Handicap, 17th April.'25,000 at 5 ; Sydney Cap, 10th April, 25,000 at 5 ; Tamworth dab Cap, Gth Mar, 10,000 at 5. Lock-up Wanted at Rootv Hill—The Government have a rented police station at Booty Hill, and Constable Miller is stationed there, bat it by any chance ! e happen; to be compelled to arrest anyone, he has to wait for a passing train to bring hi'm—or her, perhaps—on to Penrith. Last Thurs day night jliller arretted a man for beiag drunk and using obscene language. This happened about half-past 10, bat Miller had to watch the man for foar hoars, and did not arrive in Penrith till 4 o'clock oo Friday morning. Woold not the Govern ment be actiop wisely in erecting similar quarters to what Constable McGregor had at St. Marys ? 