A CHARITY FESTIVAL. The Charity Festival, the proceeds of which are to be divided between the Dorcas Society, the Mothers' Meeting, the City Mission, and the Nursing Sister Association was continued at the Pine-street lecture-hall on Thursday afternoon and evening, and „if the appearance of the stalls at closijig time may be trusted to tell their tale trut^j fully, business was every thing that could be desired. Sorab of,- the stalls, noticeably the sweet . stall, were lclfc completely divested of their tempt ing stock. The young ladies who pre sided over these stalls are to be congra tulated upon their success. In side rooms were to be seen and heard Edison's phonograph, and "a ghost," which at given times was to be seen on its mystic perambulation. In the evening au excellent programme _ of character songs, ' choruses, and recitations was presented by Mr. and Mrs. \V. G. Ham mond, the Misses Bonython and friends. The programme opened with the quaint ballad with its chorus and tableaux "Five o'clock tea," the solo of which' was sweetly sung by Miss Bonython. The dressing in ti e tableaux was pretty and appropriate, and the number was much appreciated. Mis. Hammond then gave the recitation " Crumbs of comfort" with appropriate humor and zest. Mr. Hammond's character soug "Medicine Jack" was received with delight, and had to be repeated. Miss Bonython was again successful in lier 'recitation "'Tommy abroad," and Mrs. Hammond threw a great amount of life into "Gay Tom Tit." A reci tation by Miss E. Bonython met with the appreciation it; deserved, Miss Brown sang very charmingly,' and a capital even ing's entertainment concluded with Mrs. Hammond rendering in character ot " Caller herrin',"witli a pretty chorus of equally pretty fishwives. The management are Io be con gratulated upon the success of the festival, and without doubt they will be able to hand over a substantial sum to each of the institu tions to be assisted. The "Last Judgment" (Spohr) is to be performed at St. Petei's Cathedral to- night at 7.^0. This 'beautiful work abounding in most diamatic clio'iuses ami. including solos aud quartets-worthy of fcpcmr should appeal to worshippers who attend the Cathedral during Advent, for a more appropriate work could not have been chosen for this season. The Kev. Canon Hopcraft will give au address between tfie two parts.' 