Bands Of Greek Irregulars Are plundering Behind the Turkish Army. Mahomincdan festival day. A Turkish steamer captured. A boulcvarde for Bayley-street. Four fever patients admittei yesterday. Dampicr reappears in the Royal to-night. Hamlet pcre't ghost walks the boards In. night. Coolgardie tramway scheme still on the carpet. Leave of absence to visit Perth granted the Baron. Hannan's Reward battery almost completed. Modest Maryanski returning to Kalgoorlie. Inspector of weights and measures urgently required. More police protection wanted—says the Council. Lefroy-street a fine thoroughfare for treeplanting. Lesser Levinson wants the electric light till 1 a.m. Another rising in the Bechuanaland protectorate. Over 150 Crcmornc season tickets already applied for. Boosing: An Afghan charged with being drunk in liayley-street yesterday. Cautioned and discharged. Over three tons of gold abstracted from the Boulder to date. Suburban householders the victims of incorrect scales. 79 tons of ore from the Australia mine (Kal.) yielded 724oz of gold. Cr. M'Kcnzie manifesting extraordinary interest in the welfare of Cool. How will Coolgardie celebrate the record reign 1 A question to be solved. Upwards of £80 will result from the benefit entertainment at the Tivoli last night. Total output of the Australia (Associated mines), 162 tons, 1251oz smelted gold. The hearing of the charge against Frank E. Wilkinson adjourned until to-morrow. "Love in Leg Irons" isthe advertised title of a story by " Smiler " in Lloyd'* Weekly. Rumored that the C'allithumpian's " scrap iron at Kalgoorlie is to be brought back to Coolgardie. The " Wcstraiian Star " a long time rising. Must have been a spent comet that the astrologer's saw. The Lake View cyanide works have been completed. H. C. Callahan hopes to add 2000oz to the monthly output. Harry Fein receiving encouraging support from the public of Cooleardie for season tickets for His new Crcmomc theatre. Four inebriates before the Police Court this morning. Two old offenders fined Bs each, the others cautioned and discharged. A charge of passing a valueless cheque withdrawn this morning against T. A. P. Mannix, at present undergoing a sentence. Japan is filled from end to end with all the apparatus of the latest civilisation, down to the electric car and the international exhibition. Weary wayfarers, thanks to the Council, may enjoy hot coffcc and the humble but tug gestive eauBage, at any hour of the ni^ht or early morning. A few days ago Vosper, SI P., swore to move Heaven and earth to unseat the member for N.E.C. Evidently didn't think he would be elected then. Forgetful of the time wheu he said it did not matter which route was adopted, Cr. M'Kenzie is now anxious to see the Mcnzics line sta't from Coolgardiei Pneumatic boxing-glovts are an improvement over the old style, as they can be made hard or soft by forcing air into their backs through a volve in the wrist. The Queen of Greece is so devoted to flowers that she delights to share with others her pleasure in them, liy her orders I11 rge quantities are distributed in the hospitals of AthcnB twice a week. Robert James, mining engineer, arrested under the Absconding Debtors' Act at Albany, 011 n claim of £600, entered by Sebastian De L. George, Defendant gave a bond for double the amount, and was released from custody. A Scotchman hired himself to a Cheshire farmer, and one of the famous cheeses of the country was set before him. His master said to him, " Sandy, you take a long time to your breakfast." "Troth, mauler," replied the Scot, a cheese o' this size is nae so soon eaten as you may think. 