SAILING CARNIVAL. Intercolonial Contest. Round of Festivities and Races. Championship Contest To-Morrow — Accommodation for 5000 Spec- tators. "For generous hospitality and a pro- gramme of sailing contests we have never known an equal," is the verdict of the Queensland visitors who are to take part in the intercolonial sailing races which commence to-morrow af- ternoon, when the 22-footers' champion- ship race will be sailed over the Manly course. The visitors, who number some 60 all told, have been officially welcomed by the Mayor of Sydney and by their sail- ing confreres. They visited the training ship Sobraon, were entertained at a moonlight outing on the harbour with a concert and dancing at one of the big foreshore pavilions, while to come there will be a "theatre night" to- night at the Royal by Invitation of Mr. George Rignold; a harbour picnic on Sunday, as the guests of the carnival committee; a big smoke concert; and trip round Port Jackson in the' steam yacht Bronze- wing by Mr. S. Hordern, while the latter gentleman will entertain the visitors and guests at a dinner during tho course of next week. The Anniversary Re gatta committee last night formed into a committee of the whole to carry out an entertainment to the visitors, and this, it was decided, should be a "the atre night," with a muster ol' aquatic representatives, when the prizes won at the intercoloonlal contests will be pre sented on the stage. , So much for the festivities. The sailing programme will he opened to-morrow under the auspices of the Johnstone's Bay Sailing Club,' QUEENSLAND v. NEW SOUTH WALES. when there will be an Interesting and exciting contest for the 22-footers' inter colonial champlonship.Tlie prizes are valuable, viz.: First prize, Walker's whisky trophy, valued £50, the Queen's ale prize, £10 10s, and .£40 added by the club; second' prize, £15; third prize, £10. The hon. sees, and the committee have made every arrngement which could be thought of to study the comfort of the large number ol' spectators who are anticipated to be present. The Newcastle and Hunter River Co.'s ocean excursion steamship Maitland will be the umpire's boat, and will have a band on bo.ard. Then there will be. the Manly Co.'s fine promenade-deck steamer Nar- rabeen; the Parramatta River Co.'s Pheasant, of Intercolonial elght-oar and championship race renown; the steamers Lobelia, Lev.eret, Minerva, end Birkenhead. ' The Government have courteously granted . their fast steamer Dawn as the press boat. Altogether these steamers have ample accommoda tion for fully 5009 people. That there may be no inconvenience whatever to the public, the committee have detail- vi uv ui Liicu uumuei iu uci in vunuuu capacities, ticket-taking and seeing to the comfort o f the spectators, of whom a large number will be ladies, while two responsible committee officials will specially attend to each steamer to su pervise the efficient carrying out of the arrangements. The whole of the work of the committee in every re spect is voluntary. TO-MORROW'S COMPETITORS. The competitors in- the big 22-footers' Intercolonial championship race to morrow are as follow: — . Queensland:— Bulletin, built by II. M'Cleer, of Brisbane, formerly a na tive of Balmain, and owned and sailed by Mr. J. H. Whereat. She Is eight years old, and has a great record. She won the first Intercolonial face sailed in Sydney three years ago, and this sea son she won throe, races in succession In Quonsland waters, She Is looked to as a certainty for a place well up on tho winning list. Caneebie, the present holder of the Intercolonial 22-footors' championship, was . built by' W. I-I. Goulding, of Balmain, in 1893. She Is owned and sailed by Mr. T. Goodall. In her championship win at Brisbane last year she defeated Irex.and Esme ralda, of Sydney. Ettie,, owned by W. Waine, and sailed by a Brisbane cele brity (F. Clarke), is the smallest boat of the fleet, she being 5ln. shallower than the 22ft. class generally; but she has the reputation of being a demon in light winds. Hibiscus, a Brisbane- built boat, owned by Mr. W. Briggs, and sailed by W. Spring, has a good re cord. Stanley Is a new racer, of which great things ure expected. She was built by Mr. H. Nalder and sailed by Fred Yarrow, formerly of Double Bay. The most dangerous) competitor is the Bulletin, not so much on account of the boat as her skipper Mr. Whereat has few equals In the handling of a racer in a breeze of wind. New South Wales. — Effle, .to whom all look to keep the championship in Sydney, is without doubt the master piece of Joe Donnelly, who has built the leading oracles of Port Jackson. She Is dwncd by Mr. James M'Murtrie, a most enthusiastic and successful ama teur. The Eflle was only launched at the beginning of the season, and has so far won everything she lias started for. Off the wind she. simply files, and she is fast and woatherly close-hauled. Vigilant's launch only dates from Christmas Day. She was built by J. H. Goulding, of Balmain, for a Bal main syndicate, but has not yet had much opportunity of showing what she can do. She will he sailed by W. Read, and will have a veteran crew. Flgtree completes the trio of new racers specially built for the carnival. She was built by R. Stephens, of North Shore, and will be sailed by Chris. Webb, who seldom throws the ghost of a chance away. She Is a big boat, her beam being lift. Gin., or more than half her length. She has not had any thing like a fair trial .yet. Irex and Esmeralda, the old champions, sailed respectively by Fred Dpran and G. I-Iolmes, sen., have hosts of believers in them, and expect to see the old fa vourites in good ' positions for the judge's decision. Irex, It may he men tioned, is one of Donnelly's build. Va- runa, designed by Mr. Walter Reeks, has never yet been permitted to show what she Is capable of doing. She cer tainly ought to be fast; she. frill be nailed by her owner, Mr. W. Paul. Ellie, an old boat, built by George Ellis, will bq sailed by her owner. Mr. Mark Foy's double boat Flying Fish will be sailed by Mr. A. E. Thomas, and the balance of the Sydney repre sentatives comprise Vena, P. Roberts; Gladys, T. Colebrook, sen:; Secret, T. Lang ford; Lillian, ' W. A. Nottlng; Wonga, W. A. Crane; Guinevere, W. Holmes; Latona, C. P. -M'Convllle. SUCCEEDING CONTESTS. The Anniversary Regatta has on the programme for Tuesday: next two Im portant races, 'viz.:— Intercolonial 22ft. Challenge Race, over the Manly course, first prize £30 (presented by the Prince Alfred Yacht Club), 3econd £10,- and third £5, entries same as enumerated for to- morrow's race; 18ft. Challenge Race, first prize £35, second £7, third £3. Entries are Vera and Britannia (from Queensland) and- nine of Syd ney's leading racers. The magnificent fiagshlp Polynesian will- afford an ad mirable view of these races. The Sydney Flying Squadron, on Saturday, January 30, will bring the carnival to a'cloBc with Intercolonial challenge 22ft. and 18ft. and scratch races over the Clark Island triangular course, In which the boats already mentioned will compete. 