A SYDNEY MIRACLE. Investigation by a Reporter. Tub Intkbebtiko Case of MbTiiokab Jar vis, WHO BiTR THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS' CBII*PI.EI>-T-PABTIAi.I/r PABA ' LY8KI), SOFFEBINO FBOU JjOCOMOTOB Ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors# Hospital Authorities and EVERY ONE. SAID HE MUST DIK, AS HIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. BUT TUEY WERE MIS TAKEN. To-day hk in a Nkw Man', Full o> Lipe and Enerot, nie CBUTCUES HE UAS TIIBOWN AWAT, mB Dead Limdb have Life, his , ? Appetite .has 'Returned, and, in PACT, HE HAS A NEW IjEABE OP LIPE Out and' Oct. So much, interest lias boon shown by our readers in this marvellous case ,that we have published the facts again as they/np T pea rod in tho Australian IPorArman a few woeksago:— One afternoon our represontntivo made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 43 Crown-Lane, Ultimo. 110 was di?- covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declurod him to bo one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to auswer tho knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my cose P Well, lam glad of an ? opportunity to tell you. The facts may bo of valuo, to those who aro stricken as X was." . " How long wore you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I hiul toleavo off work, and I have done nothing since then. About fivo year* ago, next Christ mas, I met with an accident. 1 was badly scalded whilo taking n bath in J?itt-stroot, Sydney. Since tho accident I havo been in failing health and after four years of gradual devolopment of the malady T wru forced to givo up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What woro the symptons ?" Simply indescribable. The pains wore ?something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all tho world like as if a saw were cutting my bonos in two in overy part of uie. t had no coutrol over my bowols aud bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On tho 23rd March last I saw a woll-known doctor, and ho told mo that my case was utterly hopeless. Howovor, ho gave me an order to tho Director of Charitable In stitutions." *' Did you make use of the order ?" "No; I camo homo and wont to bed, and havo been pretty well in bed evor since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor j in fact, I could not get out of bod. 1 folt then that it was all over with mo, aud only a question of days when I would gi\o up tho ghost*. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to oaso the agony I was in. I was under him for fivo or six weeks. Ho came to the conclu sion that 1 was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or pragressivo locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, characterised, by peculinr disturbances of gait and dilll culty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told mo that I might last for 10 yours, and that I might nover get the uso of my logs. (Just then tho pationt kicked his log.* about with energy to show that medical opinion i? not always infal lible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea con veyed by the advertisement describing tho cure effected in the coso of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills for Palo People. I read in tho advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to givo tho Piuk Pills a trial anyway, aud sent for a box. The effect wad as marvellous as it was magical. I was ablo to oat and sleep as though uothing was the matter with mo. tt wus tho first appetito and rest I had for ninny a day. It was incredible. I immedi ately left tho bod and was able to move about. I havo taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and nin now taking tho fifth box. I can walkabout with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, hut surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see thoso crutches here P They woro made for mo beforo I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, aud now I don't want them. All ; I want is this stick, and I hopo soon to do : without it. You seo lam rapidly regain ing my strength." * ' Ho is 100 per cent, hotter," said Mrs ? Jarvis, who hnd come in and takou tho baby on her knees.- 4i Dr. Williams Pink Pills havo saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend, who called in at this point, said that Jaryis looked 10 years younger that da> than he-did a fortnight previously. ?' I can now," continued Jarvis, " havo n cold bath, and all tho feeling has come i back in my legs. If I keep on going tho way I am, I hopo to be able to resumo work ns a boilormaker, and you know 1 have to be ii the very pink of health and | strength to work at that trade. I* am I -better 'to-day. than I havo bceu at any 1 timo during thtf past fivo years. I ascribe all tho chango .and benefit to these Pink Pills. Thoy have saved my lifo. lam in ,'no pain now whatever, and feel liko a new mau.- On tho mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave ino to doadon the excruciating pain. But thoy can stay where thoy aro, for-1 no longor need .them. Everybody who knows tno has been amazod at tho change in me. ' can Inrrdly beliovo their oyos. My being abo.ut again hns caused quito a sensation out) hero." Such is tho fomarkablo history, and con firms what is said in nil tho chiof news . papers of this country of the-.astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Pooplo. Thoy cure locomotor ataxy partial paralysis, and Bpinal disease,' also tho many disorders which arise froin an impoverished stato of tho blood, such as anfomia,palo and sallow oomploxion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of ap petite, shortness of breath, pains in tho back, nervous headacho, otc: Thoao pills aro a tonic, not a purgativo. They aro genuino only with tho full uame. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo .Pooplo, and aro sold by chemists and * storekeepers gonorally, or tho Dr. Williams' Medicino Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will for ward on receipt of stamps or post ordor ono box for 2s Od, or half-dozon for 14s 9d. An extraordinary accident occurred at Goulburn on Sunday. A man namod A. llenrbc, who was walking wi'h his son on tho footpath at tho bridge near the City Mills, fearing that a rc?tivo horse in tho street was coming on the footpath dropped the boy over tho ?nll'nt tho ?ide of the bridge, thinking the ground on the other side was of tho wme height. At the npot, however, there happened to bo ii deep ereek, and tlie boy fell a distance of about 30ft. He was in. tornally injured, but the" prospects of hi? recovery are coti?idorod to be fairly good. 