A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From tho ' Australian Workman.') On Thursday afternoon, our representative mado his way to tho humble bomo of Mr. Thomas Jarvin, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. fi« was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, uud his faco declared him to bo ono of tho happiest men in Syduoy. Ho waa up and about and able to answer tho knock at the door. Although palo and boaring still tho murks of a critical illness,, and a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was nn invalid on tho rapid roud to convalescence. In reply to tho preliminary questions, to suid : ' You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. The facts may bo of valuo to thoao who aro striclton as I wus.' ' How long wore you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve mouths ago I got so bad that I had to loave off work, and I havo dono nothing sinco tnea. About flvo years ago next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Sinco tho accident I have been in failing health, and after four yours of gradual dovolopment of tho malady, I was forced' to givo up my billet at tho Globe Inland. ' ' What wtro tho symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. Tho puino were something terrible They were just about us much as I could bear. Thoy wero for all tho world lilie us if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incossantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the '23ri March last I suw a well-known doctor und ho told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave too an order to tho Director of Charitable Insti tutions.' ' Did you mako use of tho order?' ' No ; I camo homo and want to bed, and have been pretty well in bed over since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across tho floor ; in fact, I could not got out of bod. I folt then that it wita all over vjith mo, and only a question of clayo when I would givo up tho ghost. My doctor was -nttonding me, and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to onse tho agony I was in. I wao under him for five or oix weeks. Ho camo to tho coDclnsion that I was Buffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ancefl of guit, nnd difliculty in co-ordinatinir voluntary movements. Ho told me that I migat last 'tor len years, ana taut j. mignc novnr got the use of my legs. (Just then the putiont kicked bio legs about with energy to show -that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, juBt as a drowning mun will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tho advortinement describing- the cure effected in tho cano of another boiler-mnkor in England, which I read in the 'Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tho advertisement of a caso whii-h seemed to fit my own. I determined to yive tho Piuk Pills a trial anyway, and eent for a box. The offect was as marvellous ub it who magical. I was ablo to eat and sleep as though nothing was tbo matter with mo. It was tho first appetito aud rest I had formany a day. It was incredible I immediately left tho bed and wob able to move ubout. I havo taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tho paBt four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box. I can walk about with tho aid of a stick, und am gradually, but surely, 'recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see thoso crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I havo never used them. They were mado for mo before I got tbo Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use thom and now I don't 'want thom. All I want is this stick, and/I hopo soon to do without it. You boo I am rapidly rogaining my strongth.' ' Ho is 100 por cont. bettor!' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had como in and taken the baby on her knees. ' Tho Pink Pills havo saved his life, and made another man of him.' a friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years youngor that day thun ho did a fortnight previously. 'lean now,' continued Jurvio, 'have a cold bath, and all tho feoling has como back in my logs. If :I keep on going tho way Z am, I hopo to bo able to resume work as a boilor niaker, and you know I havo to be in tho very pink of health aud stiongth to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I havo been at any time during tho past five years. I ascribe all tbo change and benefit to theso Pint Pills. j.uuy iiuvu ouvuu uiy inc. j. uui iu uu pmu uuw, whatever, and feel liko a new man. On tho mantelpiece thore is a box of opium and morphia pills which tho doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay whero they aro, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows mo has been amazed at tho change in mo. Thoy can hardly boliovo their ejes. My being about ugain has caused quite a sensation out hero.' Such is this romurknblo history, and it con firms whatis said in all tho chiof newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People They oure locomotor ataxy, partial .paralysis, and spinal disease, also tho many disorders whioh arioo from an impoverished state of tho blood, such as aniemia, pale and sallow com plexion, .general muscular weakness, indigestion, loso of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tbo back, nervous headache, cto, Mr. J. 8, T. M'Gov/on, leader of tho Labor party in tho N..S.W. Aaoembly, wao soon by our reporter in connection with the remarkable cubo of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowen says ho hna 'known Jarvis from infancy. He also know that ho had to givQ'Up his work at Glebo Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. Ho afterwards heard that JarviB was bed- ridden, and that thero was littlo chance of his recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his oass had been pro nounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen whp, there fore, liko everyone elso who know the facts, astounded at the oomploto r. oovcry uf Jarvis. Dr. Williams1 I'ink Pills are obtainable from all lauding chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' ModicineCoy., Queen's Flaw, , Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of (.tamps or poBt order 1 box for 2d Od, or !- dczeu for Ms 9i. ? ' 