ShbohAkt -Johnson received a telegram on Saturday from Constable Eves, who left town on Thnrsday, -stating that the search lor the body of Miohael Soanjon had been unsuooesBful. Constable Eves advised that he was starting to make a thorough search up Kauri Creek, and expected to return to Maryborough on Mouday. ? - A man named Myers was arrested by the police at Gympie on Saturday afternoon on suspicion of being tho tramp who committed the assault on Mr. James Maitland of this town on Tuesday last; Myers will be brought down to Maryborough to-day when Mr. Maitland will have the opportunity of saying whether he is the man wanted or not. .'.??? ? ? ???.????; Jubilee medals were presented to the' ohildren of Gympie at the State Sohools in that town on Friday last,, but unfortunately the supply proved insufficient. More will, however, be ordered, so that no disappoint ment is likely to be caused to tbe youngsters. Tee weather on Saturday was ot a decidedly moist character, nice light showers (ailing at intervals during the day. Yesterday was fine, but as the evening wore on there were indications of a cold snap setting in. Tbe Advanoe Brass Band's concert takes place to-night in the Gardens at 7.45. Previous to the concert the band will parade the streets, playing a lively march en route. The Courier' t Mary River correspondent, in the course of his last letter, on Saturday, says :— Since the advent ot the rain about a fortnight ago agricultural matters are look ing up, and the sugar crop now gives promise ot turning out much better than anticipated at that time. The managers of the Colonial Sugar Company at the- Isis have been all over this district and the Pialba district too, and have purchased all the available cane in each place at a satis factory rate. They have offered such terms to the Pialba farmers as will enable the Utter to deliver their cane crop at the company's mill by rail ; and this arrange ment is to be not only for the present season, but for an indefinite period. The building of the Pialba Railway ia going to be a real benefit to those Pialba farmers. They are nearly all Danish settlers, and are famed for their thrifty and industrious habits. They have been growing sugarcane off and on for the past fifteen years, and no less than four sugar-mills had their rise and fall amongst them ; but, having been all of the ' tin kettle' pattern, they brought only ruin on their promoters, and on the cane growers as well. These farmers can now sell their cane to either the Colonial Sugar Company or to the Maryborough Sugar Factory. The sugar industry in the Wide Bay district certainly never looked brighter from the cane-growers' point ef view. What (asks the St. James's Gazette) is tbe most impressive thing about London ? The collection of Jubilee visitors offers a fine chance for the inquisitive journalist to tq take a plebiscite on the point. The ques tions put by one writer to the Dyacks of North .Borneo now quartered at Chelsea Barracks show that the railways, and par ticularly the Underground, astonish them most. ' They could not believe it was ever made by men— going under in the dark, and railways going over them. It. must be ghosts who did it. Men couldn't.' Then there is the orderliness of the London traffic. Another is the wonderful way in which the London police manage the crowds. They are astonished at the obedi ence of the people. A policeman has only to hold up his hand and all the people must obey, they say. They think this wonderful. Curiously enough this was also one of the things which Mr. Bayard, lecturing in Amerioa, said had struck him most about London. Almost the extremes of ' civilisa tion' meet in admiring the London police man. Hebe is a moral of gossip from New Zea land worthy the attention of the adminis trators of charities : — One good yarn abojt the administration of oharitable aid brings out another. A friend informs me that not so very long ago a lady in receipt of rations was disporting herself on the grand stand, with the elite, at an EUerslie race meeting. Another friend states that a woman was going out working in one of the suburbs. She had for some years been keeping her husband almost entirely. In a fortunate hour she found that one of her neighbours, who had two sons and a husband at work, was receiving rations. She told the lady for whom she laboured that she was not going to struggle to maintain her husband when a woman, with a husband and two sons at work, got rations, and she would have rations too. The sequel was that she applied for rations— and got them. On Tuesday last (says the Bundaberg Star), an acoident occurred at the Gingin Central Mill just as a start was being made with the crushing for the season. The large expansion pipe connected with the boiler steam delivery pipes suddenly burst, with a loud report that was heard at Gingin, eight miles away. It is a copper tube of some 18 mohes diameter. Fortunately no one was nearby, or they might have been scalded to death. The storeman was in another room close by, but was saved from injury by the iron partition. The damaged tube was for warded by next train to Walkers Limited, Maryborough, and a new one was received here last evening by train and forwarded to Gingin the same night. It is expected that everything will be in position to start again on Monday next. The promptitude of the above firm in effeoting repairs is proverbial, and it is again exemplified on this oooasion. The arrival ia London of the famous giant seedless orange from California this season seems to have created an extraordinary sen sation in fruit trade circles, not only because of their malformation, but because of their mammoth proportions, lusoious flesh, and exquisite flavour. According to -the Fruit Grower the giant seedless orange has come to stay. In fact, it is believed thai U will head the list with a great lead, and rank in the wholesale fruit markets of Britain as the .finest orange in the trade. On the oraDge ranches of Duarto, in Southern California, the fruits are worth from Is. 6d. to 2s. 6d. per dozen, ami in this oonntry they are now on show in the windows of the retail fruiterer, who is selling them at the rate of 8s. and 4s. per dozen. 