laUs and JHietdw*. Published cv Special Abkaxceuent. The Watchman of Orsden Moss, BY J. MONKFOSTEK, Author of 'The Slaves of Fate,' 'A Miner's Million,' 'Children of Darkness,' 'Through Flood end Flame,' 'Queen of the Factory,' ' A Pit Brow Lasnie,' ' The White Gipsy, ?* The Mine Master's Daughter,' tc, copvrh-ht. CllArTEE. L— Til* RETPBSOFTttE NATIVE. When tie train rumbled slowly into the little station of Orsden Green the only pas senger that alighted was a stranger to tbe pompous, red-faced, thick- girthed little station-master, standing on the platform, and the poor-looking, attenuated porter who was hovering about the white gate leading from the platform to coliecC tickets if any were forth coming. As he stepped oat of the carriage the solitary passenger glanced axoond him with the sir of eae unaccustomed to the place, stared at the new red brick station-house in a quietly curious way, regarded the pursy, uniformed official as if be were half inclined to venture some inquiries, and then Beeing the waiting, woold-be collector of tickets, and the open gate, walked slowly towards them, drawing his voucher from his waistcoat as he treat forward. ** Bow far U the village of Orsden Green from here ?' the muv queried, aa be handed bis railway ticket to the porter, 'About a mile, sir,' the long-legged, anemic-looking railway servant answered readily. ' When you get to the highroad, torn to die left and yon can't miss it if you go right otu You are a stranger a boat these *ere puts, air ?' ' You are right, my man. Fm a stranger,' the traveller returned, with the ghost of a. repressed smile flickering for an instant about the corners, of his eyes. ' I suppose now there will be no place in the village where one \- could put np for a day or two.' 'There's only the Black Boar* sir ; but both the landlord and his wife are nice folk, aa' I daresay they'd make you comfortable. Any way, if you was thinkin' of stoppin'you might *ee, air.' ' Thank yon, I will. Very warm isn't it ? Here's a drink. Good afternoon, my man.' ' 1 hanks. Good day, sir ; turn to the left, Passing throngo the open gate the stranger west along the downward slope of smooth 1:1 udera, and *n a ew-.tnomeulE fr^s &t;&ndiiv;? iu ihe country laaeovfr 'thick tbe Cftiltrif aa. W Lthoat ptadag the min set tut ct j i-pid pace to the leic, went fceneatL fcii£ iiciw ircii . v*y, mnd passing* newly n-hi re- washed farm stead gave a hearty ' Fine afternoon, Mr. Brodiick,' to a burly, gray-bearded faxmer he met coming oat of the farm yard. The farmer stared hard at the stranger, grunted back some indistinct response, and then turned to follow the other with hia eyes. Rut the man who bad come Uy train to the small atatiou at Orsden Green trudged on in stolid unconcern* drawing an old briar from .his vest pocket ramming down the dust and tobacco with a thick, brown finger, and soon big puffs of pungent smoke-wreaths were arising from, hia lips to eddy and melt away on tfhp summer air. looking individual. He seemed to be about fire-*nd -fifty yean of age, was of mediant height and goodish build, with blunt, intelligent features, whitish hair, and iron gray beard. He had fine eyes of grayish-bine, and they were keen and clear as those of a man in hia twenties ; and hia garments and general bearing were each as one might expect to find in a respectable member of the working classes. Still smoking stolidly, and trudging summit of a gentle brow cp which be had betn pacing. Here li- pju=edr dreiv out a red cotton biudl-crcuief, removed his soft felt hat, Then his eyes swept tue whole of the surrounding countryside, tad the altered Look. in the depths of those gray-blue eyes be tokened some regfet and much quiet enjoy ment. He appeared at that moment aQ a man might be expected to look when at length, after yeaia of dreaming, the Laud oE Promise lay before hia eyes. The view upon which the stranger was goz'ng was a somewhat fair one to find in the heart of Lancashire, within a score of miles of tiie greatest aeaport. in the world, and about * similar distance from the capital of Cotton. Before the man, as he paused there, pleased And perspiring, the white dusty highway stretched away .in a gentle declivity, between tall, straggling, blossom lodes hedgerow e, behind which were pleasant expanses of .cultivated fields. A quarter of a mite away, where the road vanished from his sight, knots of scattered houses marked the centre of the village of Oraden Green, and .be s*jaare tower of gray- brawn, atone, rising high above the CaJleat chimceys in the place, denoted the whereabouts of the sacred ground wherein 41 the rude fore-fathers of the hamlet' slept in peace. To tbe east of the viiUge tUe green lands swept upward for half a mile or more, slowly at first, then sharply, till the crest of the Bisph&m; hUla was reached. Almost -m the top of the green ridge a white farm house stood oat clearly ; and the great sails of the «!owly revolving windmill were vividly silhouetted against the blue of the summer afciee, and could be seen distinctly in Coledongb, lie nearest town, which was just five miles tw&y.; On the highest ' point of the undulating eweep of green npland a low, rongfalycon stracted pile of uobewu stones indicated tbe site of the old Bisph∋ Becon, whereon, in days long tied, watch fires bad fLued forth when danger had threatened tbe land. Tbe whole of the country sine lying on the western side of Oreden Green was flat and only commonly interesting. There were many fields and a few farm houses, a ground lane or two, and paths across the wheat field and grass Uuds, aud here anJ there a clump of trees. Orsden Moss and Oreden Hall were close by the village. The former was a barren stretch of turfy moor upon which nothing grew save rushes, marsh marigolds, and ahundred other vagabond plants, useless to tbe husbandman. Now and again, id past years, ineffectual attempts at cultivation had been made, and in times more remote still the moss bad supplied the villagers with peat for their cottage tires. Orsden Hall was situated on the edge of the moss, were the ground rose Bomewuat and the soil was better. It was & tumble down affair now, bat had been a residence of some pretension?, And consequence when a few of the Orsden Green folks were Lids and lasses. There were damp? of trees about the house, a big, rambling old orchard behind it, a neglected lawn and dower patches in front, and the whole was surrounded by a tali, ragged, un trimmed hedge of hawthorn and hazel, over and about which the fragrant, yellow- blossomed honeysuckle and the wbitc chaliced bindweed clambered still and flourished in their seasons. Standing there on rhe summit of the high road the upper windows of the Hall were just visible to the resting and reconnoitring way farer, and as bis keen gray eyes swept over them, for an instant a moat forbidding scowl blackened his countenance. Then bis gaze web hurriedly withdrawn, and flashing east ward to the foot of the green shelving upland rested upon the only really black spot in that wide expanse o£ stt-ninery greenness. This was tbe Oreden Greea Colliery ; bat one might have peered about in vain for the toweiing head-gear of heavy baulks of timber thatasuaUygnardstheentranceto&miae.; The colliery was worked by means of a tunnel, or *? day-eye,' driven under tbe range of hilts, and for twenty or thirty years bad furnished more or less — generally less employment to the male portion of tbe villagers. The wayfarer's eyes rested on tbe engine house, office, heaps of coal and dirt, the tram line running northward to the railway siding, with a look of recognition in them. It was evident he knew the old-fashioned, antiquated colliery, and it iras evident, also, that the recollection revived no bad memories such as those tbe sight of the Hall bad reulleiL 11 Jost the sune old spot that I have carried with me all these yei«.re *'' lbs men murmured to buc^eli i£ ae paxtu;d tin t«ty villa. jrevard^. 'ifotsaiaglstbio? was lo in*-* vltsu&C-; There'd not ; ue»- llvu e iiid-ru ro ilio-.* 1, of the folk who Jived id The cniugcs^wli^I went away X Are tUey unchanged too ? And ia that miserable'nat tired, fliuty-eoaled old scoundrel eliU alive and at the Hal] ? Well, otbeiG t What has become of them— Matthew, Luke, and poor Judith?' Tbe man a voice trembled just a little as those names fell slowly one after the other from bis tongue, and a generoas moisture gathered in his sharp eyes. The eight of the peacefnl-lookiDg village h\d sent his thoughts back with a rush to the incidents and hap peniog j of many year & before — the lit tie delights and petty annoyances which then made op ttte sum ot bis we, and the one foolish adventure which had driven him, out lawed and outcast, abroad. And now he was back again in the green, sleepy village wherein tie first drew the lireath of life, and the ban which had been placet! on him in early mauhood hnn** over Liu. si ill, now that he had topped the iiill of life and wis elouly and gracefully slidiot; towards the bUck gulf named of men Death. But thoughts of the bsn gave our friend no deep concern.. If ilie face of the L»ud had chajiged iai percept iblv. It? bnetv th;.t he niigfir pipeet c!j«iigea in ihozs who hud known him in Lis ycutliful days. Of all thofe wliom he hail We Leliiiiti, ^ui rememb=re'i a '.ill, how many were in the UuJ of ibe liviug xiow S Not mauy, he felt naBiucd ; aad if a few remained » vould Uiey be able to recall his Thinkiug of these things, t-ie mad went doun the tailing highroad, and when the first cottage was at baud be came face to face with the first of the villagers. He knew that cottage well, and paused a score of yards away to take stock of it again. It was a low house of 6 tone, and stood by itself, with a strip of garden sorroundtd by a closely- trimmed hedge of privet, in which was set a small white wicket. Then be DOticed a tall, girliib tignrt at the little gate, and be resumed his n-alk. The girl uas at the wicket still when he approached. Somehow tbe pedestrian was mtaded to fipeak to the village maiden, and when he was opposite her be drew up, and with a clumsy attempt at civility, half raised his hut, saying : ' Yoo moat excuse roe, my gitl* but isn't this Orsden Green *' ' It is, «r,' the pirl said, readily. ' And where is the Black Boar * ' 'Just a fe«- strides farther on. You can't mias it, for there's a big drinking trough for the horees before the door,' 'Thank rou very much !' He lifted one I foot to take hlm'.L'lf away when another I thought ttayed iiid progress. 14 Tou will /excuse me,' he Daia akivarJly, 'bat perhaps . you can ttll me if acyoiic of the mme of Shelvocke lives in tbe village.1 'Sbelvocke !' she cried, and her eyes sparkled, her lips parted with a smile. ' Yes, sir ; there are seven! in the village. I, my self, Am one of them !' His eyes lit np with a new, a sodden interesf, and he regarded the budding specimen of womanhood critically. She was dark-haired, darkey ed, and olive-bkinncd, had good fea toresand a tall» graceful, well-developed figure, for one of seventeen. la a few years she wonld be a beanty of the dark, ire per ions type. While he regarded her be was speaking. 'The Sbelvocke I had in my mind, miss, lie said slowly ** was a. tnan of the name of Aaron — Aaron Sbelvocke. Perhaps you wonld n't know him. He was a mate of my own once, bnc that was some twenty-five or thirty years tince.' 'Ohf be'a been dead ever so long/* Miss Shelvocke answered lightly, as she ran a brown lissom hand along tbe aheaf of dusty tresses banging down her back. ' Dead ! Well, well ! I thought Vd look him up as I was passing this way, raise. Sorely he wasn't related to you in any way, was he?' ?* I believe he wns, sir,' she replied. ** Of course I never knew liiui, bnt 1 bave heard my father talk abont him. Uncle Aaron was a bit wild, as you must know, if be was a friend of yours ; sod when he went away to to Australia or New Zealand they never heard from him afterwards.' 44 Bnt how did they get to know that Aaron was dead V ' Somebody brought tbe news of bis death. He was killed, I beliere, by somebody at tbe gold diggings.' ' Poor old Aaron ! Poor old Aaron !' tbe imm said sympathetically. 'To think that t should only think of looking you up after all these years to and yon dead — dead and buried in a foreign country. And so he was killed at the gold diggings! Welt, well; Aaron always was & wild, roving fictrt of chap. Bat I was food of him for all that. Your tjude Aaron wasn't a bad sort, my £irl !' 14 Perhaps not, but be got a bad name, didn't he *' ' Nothing -worse than poaching \ Nothing worse than that !' the stranger exclaimed warmly. ** And bo your father was one of my oldirieud'd brothers, was ne ? Now, which of them, miss, for I believe thurc were two or three brothers V 'My father's name is Luke Shelvocke/' tbe girl answered, cot without some pride ; 41 and he is, or was, the onderlooker, and manager as well, of the Orsden Green Colliery over there,' ' I don't remember him : bnt I am glsd to bear that one of poor Aaron 'e relatives is alive. And so, Miss Sbelvocke, I understand that your father isn't tbe manager of the old colliery now ?' ' No, sir !' And a faint frown flickered across the girl's strong and darkly handsome face. ' Retired, I daresay, through age V 'Oh, no 1 Tbe colliery is stopped for good, and folks are 2»yiQ2 ic will never here-opened ^{Ddscti: How:-£tu«r. ' ''lh? people t^ho o«-ufG ii— n.t- V-JUl!lu*-=: -r.tvb:.ll£4n* to u-iE-fe .ma ,:.irt. -«.l the ftLi.'.o cl the pl_et .s ia U- told v;y. 1'Lit ii ! the reason, feir ; and I believe the sale is to take place on Monday next.' 44 How aad ! How sad, to be sure !*' tbe man mo tiered commiseratingly, and tbe girl whose eyes were on ihe speaker -wondered bow it was that the look on his. face was entirely oat of accord with the tones in whfch he spoke, ' That will be a bad job for all the villagers, I suppose ? * he said. ' It will, sir ; but I for one shall be glad to get away from this dull place !' ' Is your father thinking of moving then ?' ' He hasn't said so yet, bnt I hope he will Why should be stav here when there is no further work for htm . ' Jost so. I daresay be is in the house ' Oh, no ; he is at the colliery, where they arc paying off all the workpeople for tbe last time. I most be off now to get bis dinner ready or I shall catch it. Good afternoon, sir.' She half turned from the gale. 'One moment, my girl,' he cried. 'Tell your father, will you. that sn old friend of bis brother's was inq airing about Aaron. I may see Mm before I gn away, as I intend to stay in. the village for a day or two. I shall put np at tbe Blacfc Boar, don't you ca'l it ?— if I cat get ao other pUee. ' 'Shall I give him your name?' the queried, with her line blick eyes fixed full on his owu gray ones. ?* Of coarse, I quite forpot. Say Mr. Brown — Mr. Is rat I Brown, of i'rtaton — was asking a boat Lis brother Aaron.' She nodded her bare, dusky head quickly, be nodded more gravely, and then they parted ; site made her wav to household affairs, lie went luoaghtfuily towards tbe village ion. 'A bonny wench that, and a smart one, too !.' be murmured to himself as he went along. *' Aad so Luke is alive and kicking yet. I wonder if be is as miseraby and religions as be used to be ? Aud thoae others, Shelvockes, the wench spoke ofT Who are they 1 Very likely some of the children of Matthew aud Judith. Well, well !' CmFTEBir.— Peace with HoN'oirR. The man who had called himself ' Mr Israel Brown,' aud giveu his addres as Vrestnn, had made bis way to cbe Black Boar, and, as the obliging porter had suggested, had succeeded in obtaining apartments there forsucli time as be might require tbem. 1 lie inn uas of tbe low, roomy, rambling ch&mcter; so often encountered io village Los telries of in antique due, for tue BUci Boar bad been a. fully-li'ceu?td house niien sta£e I being talked of. It stood by itself, an™ tack from the highway & scoi-e (r more of yards the space iu front beiug paved with tbe slippery, round-topped cobbles, to be met nitl] dow in country places only. Benin! Ike house was a great expanse of greensward, kept carefully and set apart for the lovers of the gentle »rt of bowling ; aud the ?' green 'was roncfa frequented not only fcy.the villagers bnt by driving parties from Colcdoogli. Beyond the twirling greca was a pleasant orchard, and pretty stretches of cultivated land : and as the green itself was surrounded on three sides by a tall hedgerow, white with blossom, the place looked Mtrac rive enough when, some hours after his arrival, Mr. Israel Brown, or Preston, sanatered out of his quarters for A smoke in the open air. Sauntering round the green onr rriend came upon a bench set nnder a low, thicky-foliaged sycamore. Here he seated himself and pro deded to fill his pipe, and, that object accom plished, he lit it and puffed away placidly, his eyes following the movements of the '(ruud- lers of the woods,' whose cherry voices raised in play floated to him on tile soft suisuncr Mr. Israel Brown had been sitting there for perhaps a dozen minutes, when his glauce, Btrayiog around tbe wide tqaare of green torf, cliauced to fill upon the figure of a newcomer, & man, who v?as st&D-3iuf;£ s.t tb.»t end. of the pveen nearest to tbepublic^bonse. Instantly Mr. larael Brown became very excited in bis quiet way, and deeply interested. His keen, grayish -Woe eyes were libelled upon that tall, gaunt, stooping, one-ann figure, with its ragged beard of uiiity-red tint', and its general air of indigent age. His pipe wan withdrawn from bis lips and allowed to expire, the air of placid contentment had flown from hiB face and left it almost pallid, and his whole demeanour bespoke one who had beeu surprised greatly and considerably alarmed1. Almost as quickly as he bad last his spirits Mr. Brown regained them. With a low laugh at hie own discomposure he pnt bis fears away, struck a match, re-Vit bis pipe, &nd; emoked away etolidly as before. Uut bis eyca were still beat apan. that gaunt, dilapidated-looking figure ; and even as be dropped the glowing match he was aware that the man who had attracted his notice was coming his way. He waited wondering, but no longer fear ful, and nearer and nearer the man drew on tbe narrow path of gravel which ran along side tbe bowling green. Then he was near at hand, was standing with a servile, apologetic bearing near tbe wooden bench upon which Mr. Brown was still smoking. *' I l»eg your pardon, sir,' tbe one-armed man began, 'but may I ax if yon might be Mester Brown V 14 1 might be, my man,*1 said the man ad dressed merrily, **and may iaak who yon may be*' 'Oird Dan Cogall, at your sarvice, sir !' ' And what can I do for you, Mr. Dan CtoU?' M TC^a, sir,' tfae older mas replied, as be seated hitnself on the vacant end of the bench with the slow stiffness of a rheumatic Bnbjecr, ' Mester Chailis, th' the landlord, were teUiu' me that you was askin' a lot of questions abeawt O'sden Greeu, sir !u 'So I was ; and the landlord TOs good enough to ^ugge^t to you, Mr. Djn droll, thai you ncrs thft very mil) to t-11 in? u!l I ' WeU, I dull he modi obliged if you wiX But suppose we have a drink first ? ' '* Thanky, sir ! Mahne's a pahnt o* ale ? here, Betsy, wench !' The eeirant came at Ctxall's call, took their orders, supplied the refreshments, aad tliea, when the liquid had been sampled, and each other's health toasted, Israel Browo remarked : *' And notr, Dan, let me begin my quest ioo- ing by asking hour long you have lived at Orsden Green ?' '.A' my life. I n-cre int' village aiett on Vanshaws then— Ibe Squires of Oreden Greco, as they were called V — ' X should think £ did know some on 'em ! Why, sir, I were firunefcteper for Squire Vanshaw ten 'ears afore I lost this 'ere arm in his sarvice ; but it's more nor fahve an* twenty 'ear sin' neaw '. IV fust Squire Vunshaiv I knowed were Mester Drake Vansliaw, Jiim as nearly niinfc th' estate wi' racin' an' gauibliii*. Then there were his brother, as was-cawd Mieer VanEhair, and when he deed' (died) ' &ooo; after I lost lliis 'ere limb' — uere the speaker htl.l up she remnant of the slump— ' his son, y'onij Meusford Vinehaiv, came on, and lie were a rare plucked iin he were.' ' What was Iliere remarkable tbout lljia Mansford Vauihair, Uon r' Bron u asked, as the old gamekeeper paused and buiied his face in l he mouth of his pint pot. ' Well, sir,' Dan resamed. us Lc wiped bia lips with his knotted brown Knuckles, 'it were lahke this 'eie. Tbe iliser Suuire » as a reg'lar stric' soar!, an' he made bis son llivus ford to toe tli1 mark jus' lahke a pore ev'rjday Christian. The y'ang felly Blood it grade!}' weel, too, till his fayther popped off, an' then begun to shake a loose leg, on' no mistake abeaut it. He took after his uncle, Drake Vanshaw ; an,' bit by bit, ev'rytluV ond Miser Vanshiw left beliint him his son has ma- le docks an1 drakes on ! The hist bit or two arill be getten shut on n«' Monday afternoon. But there's not ranch 'eaw, sir. Oner, I've heered mi fsythcr say, that the Vanshaws ownt ev'rytiiin' for two miles on every sahde o' O'sden. An'neaw ? ' ' And now,' the other broke in. witli sn oath, 'Ihe whole cursed race of them ia wiped out of thecouutry. UVU, let titan fio. Why should you and I grumble, Dan ? They were no good to anybody. Even you who you say, lost a limb in their service, are left now to live jzpou your old friends or die in the 'Oil. th' owd S,,uire didn't trate mo w bidly,' Oorall relumed, with a wae of I,:* hea4. ' When I los,t mi arm he fo-nd me a job np at th' ha', an' when Ben Euffoid cocked up his toes I geet his place as watchman at th' colliery, which I kept till to-day.' 'And now lint Ihe colliery is slopped you ?are thrown out of work, I suppose _ I'Thafe m, mester; but if gomVdy baya th place ;I .Jersey I may get my owdtlwp uack again.' ... . . . ..-.;.-. ' I hope eo, Dan ! Art you empty ? Well, tell your friend Betsy to repeat our dose.' A little later Mr. Israel Browo returned to the attack he was in* king on Dan CoxalTd stories of village lore. 'And this Mansford Vanshaw, Dan ? wliat has become of him ? Is he dead, or alive stair 'He's kickin' yet, they say, somewheer fn Lunnun ; bat he went to smash a few to has bin' carryin' th' place on, TbeyVe tired on't it seems ; an' th' whole job tot will swap hands nex* Monday.' 'Well, if the pUce is sold, I hope the colliery will be re- started, and th*t you are pnt back in your old shop as night - watchman. ' 'Thanky, sir ! Yore good health.' resumed, ** that yon wouldn't remember a family of the name of Melvocke— no, Shel vocke, I am sure it was — that once lived in the village some twenty or thirty years ago V* 'Ishoald think I do !' was the emphatic rejoinder. '* Why, M ester Broivn, it was oue o' that theer faiu'ly that caused me to loo&a; this arm !' ' Indeed !' ' It were so ! That was a rare plucked on, and they ca'ed him Aaron— big A, little a r on. He weren't a'together a bad eoart wasn't Aaron : bat he eeet mixed up wi' a bad lot o* pooachers ; bad a row wi' owd Miser Yuishaiv, was sacked fro* lL' colliery, an' went to (be devil, afore he flew his kite.' ' And vras the sane Aaron Shelvocke, as you call him, really responsible for the loss cf your arm, Dan ? How did it happen 7H 'Oh ! easy enough. Aaron an' a gang o* bis mates were after conies, an' me an' a lot o' lobe were after them. We dropt across :em, and there was a row. One o' th' pooacliers were kilt, an' Aaron smashed my arm a' to smitbers ui' a stake. Bat they a.' geet stray, excep' th' ilecad un * ao' noon on 'em were seen again.' ' And what became of Aaron Shelvockc ?' ' He went to th* goold diggiu's aq1 deed there.*1 ?' And the other Sbelvcckes V ' Th' livin' or deeud mis ?' 'Those who are still living at Orsden ' Oh, there's four on 'ein. Owd Luke an1 his dowter, an* two y'ttog felLiys— Mat and Levi Blackshaw. ' Levi Blackehaw ! He is not a Sh-'lvocke r' ' He is Judith Shelvocke's bod !' 'Oh*: leee, Dau, And theacyoung chaps \ Do they live in the village still ':' ' They done !' ** And whit do they do *'f at th' O78den Green Colliery nfore is Flopped. He's c nvther wili cjrd. an* he \sVaz »ft»r : Msimcle'^ron,bur lieV , mmlelv -I ? u- Imj tr-Hipet'fcii t»ii* devil ii.-ij c i ;»t .ju/ ? - L'*-* Vtt Uocle Aaron. Mat pay« lor me inouy a gdl o' ale, he does !' ' And this Leri Blackshaw. What is be like, Dan -' 'Oh ! he's a lot too good for O'dden Green folk. Levi takes after another uncle — owd Luke Shelvocke ; and he's jus' as mealy mouthed, as miserly, and ae personified as his mother's brother. I don't care much for \- Blester Levi ; he never gied me a penny in his lafhe.' ?? Is Levi a collier also V 'Nbwe, be isn't: he does sammat in a office in Coleclough. He's q cable a gent in his way, is Hester Leri ; with a shate o' black ou Snndays, an' a collar an* tie ev'ry day.' For some time silence was permitted to rest unbroken between the two men. Dan had ' UOtTOuiea ms secuna jag 01 aic. «.aa «aa vaguely wondering if another pint would he bestowed npon him, while hid companion was wrapped in thoughts engendered by the con versation. Meanwhile, the lovers of the wooden spheres were disporting tbei native?, and displaying tbi-ir skill on the sward, tilling the pleasant air with ejaculation?, and the July sun iras sinking towards the wear. Dan,' the younger of i\v tT/o in:n remark M presently, as he lifted his eyes aud tookr.i straight at his uo.npaaicu. *' Wh':ii one talL. aboutold times it seems to Win- ih«ii bx-ik 8e-ItdSntualtVsir?1 ?' Well, here's something for your trouble, Dan. I shall bo glad if you will drink my health once ont of it.' 'Of course I wilL But— Why, Mestcr Brown, it's a sov'reign !' and the old man gazed with sparkling eyes at the gold coin lyioff ic bis crooked palm. 'iTea, I know. If it is more than you expected drink Aaron ijlielvockc'd health abo. He wasn't a bad sort, if he caused you to lose that arm, D±n, and thought he had killed yoo.' some moments he stared quietly at the coin lie held. Then he turned suddenly to his com panion and surveyed him critically from head to foot. ' You will know me again, Don, when we ' I think so, mester. I were bothered a bit at fust bat I con see it a' nea.iv.' 'See what?' ' Who yo' are, an1 why yo' are ere ! GVe me thy hood, Aaron Shelvocke ! I forgi'e thee, lad ! If I badua. seen that little finger on tliy left hond wliicli is missin' I couldn't hV tott-d thee '/' They shook hinds heartily', and each laughed a little. Then llie younger man said meaningly, as his alert eyes rested on the other. 11 If yon will forget for a week or ao who I am. Din, I BhallTiave another sovereign 10 spare next Saturday,' ' Thanky, Bir ! Tfaanky !' CUAFTKK III.—** FilGlA GaTBERIX A. On die morning following the arrival of the stranger at Or&dcu; Green that interesting gentleman had several small commissions to entrust to his now sworn friend and alley, olu Dan Coxall. Shortly after half-past twelve on Snnday the ex -gamekeeper and watchman had sauntered into the Black Boar, as was his cos com ; bat instead of lounging into the common room or vault, where beer was served to the miners and poorer class of villagers at a penny a glans, Dan marched into the bar parlour and called for a ' bitter beer.' While he was drinking it with a conscious dignity the landlord entered and told Dan that '? Mester Brown' wanted to see him at once in his room. Coxall nodded, tossed off the remainder of his ale, and then without a question went to the apartment of Mr. Israel Brown, who was waiting to receive 'I saw you enter the hou^e, Dan, and if yon are not otherwise engaged I shall be obliged if you will do me a few errands this afternoon-' *'SuttinIy Mester She!—' Dan was saying. ' Brown — Brown ! Israel Browu yet. Din, if you are not too rich already to care for that other yellow :un I mentioned.' ' Brown be it then, sir !n the old man Eaid with a smile. 4i Au! what is it yo' want ine to do neaw ?' 'Sou can read, I think?1' ?*0h, yes, I'm a bit o'ascholard.' 'And yoo know where Lake and Matthew Shelvocke live, and Levi Blacksh&w;, too?' ' Ev'ry one on 'em ! Young Levi lives wi' his ancle au' his cousin. Naomi at th' top ecod o' tli' village theer ; aod Mat only lives a bit lower deawn here, in lodgin'u.' ' Well, I want you to take these notes for me at once. This is for Luke Shelvocke, (Ms for young Mat, and this for Blackshaw. You can read the different names? ' ' Suttiuly, sir, scttinly 1 An' benwt specs, too? Coxall answered, ea he turned the three closed and addressed envelopes in his hands. 41 An' U there aoythin'elac, Uester Urown!' ** You will wait for a reply in each case, Dan. and come back with it to me straight away.' 44 Ay, ay, eir ! An' if they axen me auny oaejtions ; what «in I to cay ?** '* Tell Uie truth, Dan ; that is al! you need to do. These people I am writing to tire all near relations of mine, and I have told them what self !m Dilq nodtled and went on his errands. Ad hour or so later tbe ex-gatnekeepcr re in rued to the Black Jaar, and ti.ua be was the bearer of affirmative replies to the othec's notes may be inferred from the fact that ' Air. IJrown' had an iuterwiew with the landlord shortly aitern-arde, uben Ue gave orders for the ?il. ?-?|!i.-(!0C0:lW ?.Tu';«ll. Jjevi lilackauau pre^euied tueuidclves at the bir of the Kiack Boar. Luke Slielvocke was a thin, «p&r;&elv-l-uilt; man of fifty -sevcu. sharp-eyed ami cleanly shaven, sliarp- tongued, and clore-fi:tetL Although Mr. Luke Shelvockc had spent all his days^-or at least so many of them as had been devoted to work — at Orsdeu Moss. he had utver before crossed the threshold or the villas ?'? inn. His father had been an an bendiag teetolallcr during the Litwr half of ULj d*y^, and the example Bet him by his parent the miner rigidly followeu. Lake's itnputfiu on receiving that note from the bauds of old Dun Coxall was to refuse the inviia.tiou of hU brother. He was surprised to learn that bis long absent relative was alive was uo*. perU^p?, so mightly overplcased by the iu '.el iicencc as one mi^ht have expected. To old Luke ami his nephew Dan hid (Iclivcrcti the t*co uotes at the satti€ tnomsat, and while uaiiiigfor their auswecs \iu.A be-ird eiluiiiou tii which tlicy found themselves so uuespculclly l-Uce.L ll.iii.iUM!-.iu |Hlbi;a»B, even U i.i- a ioc^ ?:;? --;.,4i.!.riv.-. ' '- 'ri'u'.in'a i.is' my Viu:»^, I^evi,' Old Lute had replied, proud of tbe young mm. in « bo:n lie iiiid iucalrutcd tbc doctrines of total ab slineucc. '? I tbiuk Aar.m mi-lit hi' known as we would ravthor l»a* hid him come hert* *' i'heu suppose n*e send Mr. Aaron Shel vocke worJ, through Coxall hero, that we had rather he would come here, uncle?' Black sli aw had ventured to suggest. ' Nonseasc, Levi ?' Naomi Shelvocke had broken in here. *( You and my father ought to be ashamed of yourselves. I feel ashamed of you, anyway. Here is my long-lost uncle Aiiron turned up after all these years, aud because he Asks you to meet him in a respect able public-house, your teetotal fads maLi Very kind aud brotherly behavour that, i Both the old man and the yaong one winced a little under the whip of the merciless young maiden's tontjar. She was hot tempered i ii I fearless, aud never spired either her father or her cousin, wbosd joint weaknesses and personal failings were obvious to her. A t this juncture old Din Coxill joined in ihe discus&iou; miii'krd. 11 If yo' ilunnot care to fjoo to th* Btu-ck Boar Mestcr Shelvocke, I'll tell 3 o-e brother,' said IXin. '' l-at you Dvedn't ax me 10 lelt *iiu °4MIo«fa fhaC:' ^vi dt-inau *cd. ' Cause lie's uome'dy else to meet at the 'Who has Aaron to see, Dan, besides e≀&eLb;?' Old Luke inquired. ' Younc Mat Sheivockc' 'TVU Mr. Aaron Slielvccke,' said ihc girl with delibeiaUon, 'that we wl.all all be pleased to, accept hts kiiid invitation. And yoa needn't tell him, Dan, that my cousin and my father had to consider Eeriously whether they would accept his hospitality or not.' Dan laughed at tbe girl's sarcastic 8 ally, nodded to her, and went his way, for neither Luke nor Levi had ventured a word in opposi tion to Naomi's definite statement. Probably both of them desired to go to the Black Boar, and were willing that the girl should afford And dins it came about that shortly after the hoar of mx p.m. Mr. Aaron Shelvochc found himself sitting at tea with the whole of his surviving relations— hU brother, his ni-kce, and two nephews. Of Luke Shelvocke and hia handsome daughter some description lias been given ; and a few words may be devoted to the The cousins. Mat Shelvocke and Levi Black sbaw, were as didsimilar iu appearance and nature as were their ancle?. As old Dan Coxall had shrewdly declared. Mat took after his Uncle Aaron ; was wild, hot-tempered, aud reckless, bat generous uitbal, and for tbe rest was a handsome hrown-Cactd and blue-eyed young chap ot twenty, with crisp, reddish - browu curls. Levi BL&ckah;&w; was tu&ny; shades darker than his cousin Mat, and not by any means go good-looking or attractive, despite his being much better dressed, and having a euaver and more polished tongue. Levi had a certain curious resemblance to his uncle Luke which eveu old Dan Coxall bad been quick enough to notice. Levi, like Lis ancle, was sparely bnilt, and somewhat under sized ; hid black piercing eyes, that reminded one of a cunning and fierce animal, dark eye brows that met on the bridge of the nose, a tliui, highly -arched nose, and thin lips that could be drawn tight aud white when passion moved their owner. In spite of these trifling personal all or t couiings, L?vl was not wh&t; one would call a bad-looking youngster. At the first glance bis dark face did Dot repel, aud when he cared to ingratiate himself his smooth tones were magical enough. He was a few months o-der than Mat, tuid was supposed (o be a much more reputable character in every way. Perhaps this supposition was due to the [act (hat lie ehanned\he pablic house aud attended the Sunday school and the village church with decent regularity. A smnptuous tea was awaiting the old and the new generation of Shelvockes when tbe pirty of five entered the room set apart for the repast, and after a few words of grace, which Aaron had insisted upon iiis brother saying, they all fell to npon the comestibles uiioe hostess had provided. Not before the weal had l-een done full justice to did Aaron tthclvocke luru to the business which he hajl iu his mind when be decided npon that family gathering. He had erected all his font relative j,, BQ (Psy invjojr o*» thtir urriv.-J : ;)i-y ii.o profei^cd curious look in his dear, bluish -#r»y eyes. There had been no mistaking the ^ennine ness of tbe pleasure that filled hU face when the returned wanderer wrung the hands of the frank, open-faced, sturdy-built Mat, aud that of his sprightly, gipsy faced niece ; but the pressure of his fingers u hen they clasped Lis brother's palm aud LevTs also was only that ot the nun who s'jarcely cares to veil his in difference. '* 1 daresay, Luke,' Aaron Shelvocke began as he toyed with his half-emptied tea-cap, ' that you and all these youngsters have been wondering what caused me to brins; you all here to- day V ' Tuould ha1 bin more seemly lakbc if tha'd come to tin tay at caw r hea*vsc' 'Perhaps it would,' was ilie lialf-nniling ansuer. 'Bui I had a fancy, brother, to entertain you all when we met. The usu.il tUag is, I Uuoar, far the n»ml.Wr to ask forcivenesy for his rainblinga uhen he gets Uivk home again— especially if he lias to fly for life as I had to do-but tllU sort of thiu» Lube, I blionhl' peril- i« r-jvor llive* C.'x ot my 1 ff tiiere.'1 '.\:i' rtisit ikk ih.w ihin?«, A^cn?1 ili- ei(l-!r brol Jit queried, witli Iiis eytd Wdtuiii:i*' the other closely. ' I am soiug to tell yon -all. Thai id why I u anted to get you alt together tu ddy. Now listen ! Ftinr piira of eager oyea w«r« 6-;ed upon the speaker, who, after the hist word, coolly proceeded to drain his cup. Bnt no one spoke ; each one was waiting for Aaron to explain. {To bE continue*/ ) A well-known lawyer of a cynical disposition thus defines a company promoter : ** Oue tli inks he is getting something for nol-hiug. ' When we are children we hrag ibout our parents ; wheu \vc gst to he young m?n and youug women we brag about ourselves ; wheu we become older we brag about our children. 