The Lighlht '1 litt Cast no Shaulow. Curious stories are told about the powrers p.ossesed by eertain Inaives of India,. who live uip tamog the [litnalnya mountains. lhese old men, it is said, .have devoted scores of years-tothle study of unturollalnw and forces, which the rest of the world kows nrothint g lnbot. Lately aI Geromai professotr visited the "adepts," as tliesi uecer Hindus aire called, for the plp0oso of finding out the aweret of their remarkablo, performancese. . They tretatuedlim rather seour vily, but interestelld him all the same. :Oneo day the professor wanted to exaosite solil ancienltl Suskl.irt minuiscripts. Au 1tl:adopet) went with him to a cave whlreini the ;books were kept. The place was rcstl"ik'ir? bot-' of a well , - "I eanlt sec to read, here," said thl icsitor.| " Then we will have soime lighit,i)'~ is th reply nd immediately (the profedIs6r says) a soft, pearly light brightenedt the cave.. aoe coitl not tell whence it camein:lhli'o noticed it h"td one stra tge qunlity. t calt inot the sli:ghest shadow. .t. This is atrrory hard to "bolovli1 ?jiits i truth is aflirmetd by a ?iAnn of'vtit learning and high character, andyou vshdioo srircild It have ino reasotn for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have-e atsltlahad??is Belief or unhelibf commonly rui :ppiriillel with one's own experience. l)r .lToli.sotli -aniifed at the aecouit of[ the Libo i':earth quake, yet credited 'thoitahl'of the 'Cock Ltne ghost:o; a:. - .,a..,-. A nutnwho has been; ill for: years, e ti id failed to find a cure, 'I siesiptical . when friends tellhlin'of a medicine twhlitctil ie lj i lieve will mainie hit well. What.elsd?bitt doubt conl result froni his expiii?seon: , Take example:- : . ... " In the spring of 1888," wriites ouir' eorres pondent, ".1 fell into a lowv', wak,, llid lin: guid start. t felh t lot spBirlted'tltd'otdt'?ff sorts. At first: myy stbomeliQ'Woiits lirdiigeil; my atppetite poor, !ain ft rofititi. Ilad' a pleintl -i wreilgltst t ohe tttet' 1 Oirs':.jtiii troubled with wind, antl fire'cquently"jpat up? soaur fluid; alsobitter bile.: Later; oil'I suftered from tnervouSctes" and great depres. lion of spirits: 1 ktpt til?l with imyv work, but aways had a senso of liteoiiifolrt. Of'aettn di I'cotihsitied ini this inhy" for two years; nothing thit I took reolieving tie. At ...last heard of Mother Seigol's 'Syrup, and, ' procured a supply. 'After I hIla taken only a Sfoi:doses 1 fotntl I olioef; my. food digested, .a~ n mlgr: ialllynl aertosnes left me. Al tlotiglt. 1 had ito reason iat first, t.t feel any .confldncle in thid medieine,;' avel hating s "itdlitor'sicen it:tsee,' I now glailty tidimt :' its valtoe, andt ' its peo e;oocr tditeise. Since 1ni a"c?.r?eOt 5;? ,ilot l- i tehak Mtother :.Seigel'a Curative Syrup,. have.been in tile 1et ct't:-i lcneltl pnid irtb. i the'iitteests' of stiffering htumlnity:I' lee it a duty to t ;send yo t this teartst,3y. If'1tgned) D. : Grifflths, tailor atl otfitteiir:, 1'i51,'hockley "Hill, Lurmingi afil, June 8th, 1893." . There is a deal of dilterence between MJhi ' rilitths's candil letter'and tlie story about the light thlit cast o'gilmadov " Tho,llatter may'betrtenoigh; .lut it cannot beverified without more trouble thatn it is wortht. Ott the otlfer httid st' have a "trustwortth?ytiit. nesst, who' woill" nitsisser letters of utuliry, oand can lie found at his address. rFintlly,there is nothing mystieor iiiagi : a' about Mother Seigel's Curative" Syrup. It acts on the thecry that mosrit ailments are Sbut symptoms, forms or phlltsesf of that uui. ver~sdl disease-ilnigestion and dyspepsih i it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearthsl . a'nd' lioiiies where illness and pain had cast such dark tmul'terrifying shadows. And that is' why peolle believe all that is told of its success Iby eager witnesses. 