TH ft SHADOW IN THE MOONLIGHT. HY MRS. MOLESWORTH (Author of " H atherton,-t Eotvvij," " Four Winds Farm," Av., Av.) ALL MIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER I. Wo never thought of Finster St. Mahyn's being haunted. Wo really never did. This may seem strange, but it is abso- lutely true, it was such an extremely in- teresting and curious place in »nany ways that it required nothing extraneous to add to its attractions. Perhaps this was the reason. Now-n-day*, immediately that you bear of a house being " very old," the next re- mark is sure to be-*' I hope it is," or " is not "-that depends on the taste of the speaker-" haunted." But Finster was more than very old ; it was ancient and, in a modest way, his- torical. 1 will not take up time by re- lating its history, however, or by referring my readers to the chronicles in which men- tion of it may be found. Nor shall I yield to the temptation of describing the room in which a certain royalty spent one night, if not two or three nights, four centuries ago, or the tower, now in ruins, where an even more renowned personage was imprisoned for several months. All these facts-or legends-have nothing to do with what 1 have to tell. Nor, strictly speaking, has Finster himself, except as a sort of prologue to my narra- tive. We heard of the house through friends living in the same country, though several miles further inland. They-31 r. and Miss Miles : it is convenient to give their name at once-knew that we had been ordered to leave our own home for some months to got over the effects of a very trying visita- tion of influenza, and that sea air was specially desirable. We grumbled at this. Sea-side places Hi-fí often KO dull and commonplace. But when we hoard of Finster we grumbled no longer. " Dull," in a sense it might be, but assuredly not "commonplace." Janet Miles' description of it, though she was not particularly clever at description, read like a fairy talc, or one of Longfellow's poems. " A castle b3r the sea-how perfect !" we all exclaimed. " Do, oh, do fix for it, mother."' The objections were quickly over-ruled. lt was rather isolated, said 3Iiss 3Iiles, standing, as was not difficult to trace in its name, on a point of land-a corner rather-with sea on two sides, lt had not been lived in, save spasmodically, for some years, for the late owner was one of those happy, or unhappy people, who have more houses than they can use, and thc present one was a minor. Eventually it was to be overhauled and some additions and altera- tions made, but the trustees would be glad to let it at a moderate rent for some months, and he had intended putting it into some agent's hands when Mr. Miles happened to meet one of them, who men- tioned it to him. There was nothing against it ; it was absolutely healthy. But the furniture was old and shabby, and there was none too much of it. If we wanted to have visitors we should cer- tainly require to add to it. This, however, could easily be done, our informant went on to say. There was a very good up- holsterer and furniture dealer at Raxtrew, the nearest town, who was in the habit of hiring out things to the officers at the fort " Indeed," she added, " we often pick up. charming old pieces of furniture from him for next to nothing, so could could both hire and buy." Of course, we should have visitors-and our own house would not be the worse for some additional chairs and tables here and there, in place of some excellent monstrosi- ties Phil and Nugent and 1 bad persuaded mother to get rid of. " If I go down to spy the land with father," I said, " I shall certainly go to the furniture dealers, and have a good look about me." I did go with father. I was nineteen it is fonr years ago-and a capable sort of girl. Then I was the only one who had not been ill, and mother had been the worst of all, mother and Donny-poor little chap-for he nearly died. He is the youngest of us-we are four boys and two girls. Sophy was then fifteen. My own name is Leila. If 1 attempted to give my idea of the impression Finister St. Mabyn's made upon tis, 1 should go on for hours. It simply took our breath away. It really felt like going back a few centuries merely to enter within the walls and gaze round you. And yet we did not see it to advantage, so at least said the two Miles, who were our guides. It was a gloomy day, with the feeling of rain not far off, early in April. lt might have been November, though it was not cold. " You can scarcely imagine what it is on H bright day," said Janet, eager-as people always are in such circumstances-to show oil' her trouvaille. "Tho lights and shadows ave so exquisite." "I love it as it is," I said. "I don't think I shall ever regret having seen it first on a groy day. It is just perfect." She was pleased at my admiration, and did her utmost to facilitate matters. Father was taken with the place, too, I could see, but he hummed and hawed a good deal about the baroness of the rooms -the bedrooms especially. So Janet and I went into it at once in a business-like way, making lists of the actually necessary additions, which did not prove very for- midable, after all. " Hunter will manage all that easily," said Miss Miles, upon which father gave in. I believe he had meant t."> do so all the time. The rent was really so low that a little furniture-hire could be afforded, I suggested. And father agreed. "It is extremely low," he suggested, Photo by Bartletto Studio Huy-síroet. A GOVERNMENT HOUSE GROUP. " for a place possessing so many advan- tages." But even then it did not occur to any of us to suggest " suspiciously low." We had the Miles' guarantee for it all to begin with. Had there been any objec- tion they must have known it. We spent the night with them and the next morning at the furniture dealer's. He was a quick, obliging little man, and took in the situation at a glance. And his terms were so moderate that father said to me amiably, " There are some quaint odds and ends here, Leila. You might choose a few things, to use at Finster in the first place, and then to take home with us." 1 was only too ready to profit by the per- mission, and with Janet's help a few charmingly quaint chairs and tables, a three-cornered wall cabinet, and some other trifles were soon put aside for us. We were just leaving when at one end of the shop some teuipting-looking draperies canght my eye. " What are these ?" 1 asked the up- holsterer. " Curtains I Why, this is real old tapestry ! " The obliging Hunter drew out the material in question. " They are not exactly curtains, miss," he said. " I thought they would make nice portieres. You see the tapestry is set into cloth, lt was so frail when I got it that it was the only thing to do with it." He had managed it very ingeniously. Two panels, so to say, of old tapestry, very charming in tone, bad been lined and framed with dull green cloth, making a very good pair of portieres indeed. " Oil, papa ! " I cried, " do let us have these. There are sure to be draughty doors at Finster, and afterwards they would make perfect portieres for the two side doors in the hall at home." Father eyed the tapestry appreciatively, but first prudently enquired the price. It seemed higher in proportion than Hunter's other charges. " Vou see, sir," li« said, half apologeti- c-ally, " the panels arc real antique "«orí, though so much thc worse fur wear," " Where did they come from r " asked father. Hunter hesitated. "To tell you the truth, sir," he replied, " 1 was asked not to name the party that I bought it from. lt seems a pity to pni't with heirlooms, but-it happens some- times-I bought several things together quite lately of a family. The portieres have only come out of the workroom this morning. AVe hurried on with them to stop them fraying more-you see where they were before, they must have been nailed to the wall." Janet Miles, who was something of a connoisseur, had boen examining the tapestry. " It is well worth what he asks," she said, in a low voice. " You don't often come across such tapestry in England." So the bargain was struck, and Hunter promised to see ¡ill that we liad chosen, both purchased and hired, delivered at Finster the week before we proposed to come. Nothing interfered witli our plans. Hy the end of the month we found ourselves at our temporary home-al) of us except Nat, our third brother, who was at school. Dormer, the small boy. still did lessons with Sophy's governess. The two older " boys," as we called them, happened to be at home from different reasons-one, Nugent, on leave from India ; Phil, forced to miss a term at college through an attack of the same illness which had treated mother and Donny so badly. But now that everybody was well again, and going tobe very much better,thanks to Finster air, we thought the ill wind bad brought us some very distinct good. It would not have been half such fun had we not been a large family party to start with, and before we had been a week at the place we had added to our numbers by the first detachment of the guests we had invited. It was not a very large house ; besides ourselves wo had not room for more than three or four others. For some of the rooms-those on the top story-were really too dilapidated to suit any one but rats " rats or ghosts," said some one laughingly one day, when we had been exploring them. Afterwards tho words returned to my memory. We had made ourselves very comfort- able, thanks to the invaluable Hunter. And every day the weather grew milder and more spring-like. The woods on the inland side were full of primroses. It pro- mised to be a lovel}7 season. There was a gallery along one side of the house, which soon became a favourite re- sort ; it made a pleasant loungiug-place, in the day time especially, though less so in the evening, as the fireplace at one end warmed it up but imperfectly, and besides this it was difficult to light up. It was draughty, too, as there was a superfluity of doors, two of which, one at each end, wc at once condemned. They were not needed, and the one led by a very long spiral stair- case to the unused attic rooms, the other to the kitchen and offices. And when we did llave afternoon tea in the gallery, it was easy to bring it through the dining or drawing-rooms, long rooms, lighted at their extreme ends, which ran parallel to the gallery lengthways, both of which had a door opening on to it as well as from the hall on the other side. For all the principal rooms at Finster wer« on tho first floor, not on the ground floor. The closing of these doors got rid of a great d»al of draught, and, as 1 have said, the weather was really mild and calm. 'One afternoon-I am trying t0 begin at the beginning of our strange experiences, even at the risk of long windedness it seems better to do so-we were all assem- bled in the .gallery at tea-time. The .. children," as we .called Sophy and Dormer, much to Sophy's disgust, and their governess, were with us, for rules were relaxed at Finster, and Miss Larpent was a great favourite with us all. Suddenly, Sophy gave an exclamation of annoyance. " Mamma,'' she said, " I wish you would speak to Dormer. He has thrown over my tea cup-only look at my frock ! If you cannot sit still," she add, turning to the boy herself, " I don't think you should be allowed to come to tea here." " What is the matter, Donny r " said mother. Dormer was standing beside Sophy, looking very guilty, and rather white, " Mamma," he said, " I was only drawing a chair it. It got so dreadfully cold where I was sitting. I really could not stay there," and he shivered slightly. He had been sitting with his back to one of the locked-up doors. Phil, who was nearest, moved his hand slowly across the spot. "Yon are fanciful, Donny," he said, " there is really no draught whatever." This did not satisfy mother. " He must have got a chill then." she said, and she went on to question the child as to what he had been doing all day, for, as I have said, he was still delicate. But he persisted that he was quite well, and no longer cold. '. It wasn't exactly a draught," he said, " it was-oh! just icy, allot'a sudden. I've felt it before-sitting in that chair." Mother said no more, and Dormer went on with his tea, and when bed-time came he seemed just as visual, so that her anxiety faded. But she made thorough investigation as to the possibility of any draught coming up from the back stairs, with which this door communicated. None was tobe discovered -the door fitted fairly well, and beside this Hunter had tacked felt round the edges- furthermore, one of the thick heavy portieres had been hung in front. An evening or two later we were sitting in the drawing room after dinner, when a cousin who was staying with us suddenly missed her fan. " Kim and fetch Muriel's fan, Donny," I said, for Muriel felt sure it had slipped under the dinner table. None of the gen- tlemen had as yet joined us. " Why, where are you going, child Y " as he turned to- wards the further door. " lt is much quicker by the gallery." He said nothing, but went out, walking rather slowly, by the gallery door. And in a few minutes he returned, fan in hand, but by the other door. He was a sensitive child, and though 1 wondered what he had got into his head against thc gallery, I did not say anything before the others. But when, soon after, Donny said " good night " and went off to bed, 1 followed him, "What do you want, Leilar" be said, rather crossly. " Don't be vexed, child," 1 said. " 1 can see there is something the matter. Why do you not like the gallery r" He hesitated, but I bad laid my band on his shoulder, and ho knew that 1 meant to be kind. .. Leila,"' he said with a glance round, to be sure that no one was within hearing we were standing, he and I, near the inner dining-room door, which was open "you'll laugh at me, but-there's some- thing <jueerthere-sometimes !" " What r And how do you mean ' some- times ' '" I a«ked, with a slight thrill at bis tone. "I mean, not always. I've felt it several times-there was the cold the day before yesterday, and besides that, I've felt a-a sort of bren..iiiy "-Donny was not perfect in bis .. tbs "-" like somebody very un- happy." " Sighing ':" I suggested. " Like sighing in a whisper," h«j replied, " and that's always near the door. Hut last week-no, not so long ago; it was on Monday-I went round that way when I was going to bed. I didn't want to he silly. Hut it was moonlight-and-Leila, a shadow went all along the wall on that side, and stopped at the door. I saw it waggling about-its hands," and here he shivered-" on that funny curtain that's hung up, as if it was feeling for a minute or two, and then-" " Well-what then ?" " It just went out," he said, simply, " But it's moonlight again to-night, sister, and I daren't see it again. I just daren't." " But yon did go to the dining room that way," I reminded him. " Yes; but I shut my eyes and ran; and even then I felt as if something cold was behind me." " Donny, dear," I said, a good deal con- cerned, " I do think it's your fancy. You are not quite well yet, you know." " Yes. I am," he replied sturdily. " I'm not a bit frightened anywhere else. I sleep in a room alone, you know. It's not me, sister, it's somefing in the gallery."' " Would you be frightened to go there with me now ? We can run through the dining-room : there's no one to see us," and I turned in that direction as I spoke. Again my little brother hesitated. " I'll go with you if you'll hold hands," he said, " but I'll shut my eyes. And I won't open them till you tell me there's no shadow on the wall. You must tell me truly." '. But there must be some shadows." 1 said. " in this bright moonlight, trees and, branches, or even clouds scudding across something of that kind is what you must lave seen, dear." He shook his head. " No, no," of course I wouldn't mind that. I know the difference. No-you couldn't mistake. It goes along, right along, in a creeping way, and then at the door it's hands come further out, and it feels." "Is it like a man or a woman ? " I said, beginning to feel rather creepy myself. " I think it's most like a rather little man," he replied, *' but I'm not sure. It's head has got something fuzzy about it oh, I know-like a sticking out wig. But lower down it seems wrapped up, like in a cloak. Oh-it's horrid." And again he shivered-it was quite time all this nightmare nonsense was put out of his poor little head. I took his hand and held it firmly: we went through the diningroom. Nothing could have looked more comfortable and less ghostly. For the lights were still burning on the table, and the flowers, in their silver bowls, some wine gleaming in the glasses, the fruit and pretty dishes, made a pleasaut glow of colour. It certainly seemed a curiously sudden contrast when we found ourselves in the gallery beyond, cold and unillumined, save by the pale moonlight streaming through the unshut- tered windows. For the doors closed with a bang as we passed through-the gallery tras a draughty place. Donny's hold tightened. " Sister," he whispered, " I've shut my eyes now. You must stand with your back to the windows-between them, or else you'll think it's own own shadows and watch." I did as be said, and I had not long to wait. It came-from the further end, the second condemned door, whence the wind- ing stair mounted te th j attics-it seemed to begin, or at least take form there, Creeping along, just as Donny said stealthily but steadily-right down to the other extremity of the long room. And then it grew blacker-more concentrated -and out from the vague outline came two bony bands, and, as the child had said, too, you could see that they w ere feelimj all over the upper part of the door. I stood and watched. I wondered after- wards at my own courage, if courage it was. It was the shadow of a small man, 1 felt sure. The. head seemed large in proportion, and-yes-it-the original of the shadow-was evidently covered by an antique wig. Half mechanically I glanced round-as if in search of the ma- terial body that mttst be there. But no, there was nothing, literally nothing, that conld throw this extraordinary shadow. Of this 1 was instantly convinced, and here I may as well say once and for all, that never was it maintained by anyone, however previously sceptical, who had fully witnessed the whole, that it could be ac- counted for by ordinary, or, as people say. "natural" causes. There was this pe- culiarity at least about our ghost. Though I had fast hold of his hand, 1 had almost forgotten Donny -1 seemed in a trance. Suddenly he spoke, though in a whisper. " You see it, sister, I know you do." he said. " Wait, wait a minute, dear," I managed to reply in the same tone, though I could not have explained why I waited. Dormer had said that after a time-after the gha ly and apparently fruitless feeling all over the door " it "-" went out." I think it was this that I was waiting for. It was not quite as be bad said. The door was in the extreme corner of the wall, the hinges almost in the angle, and as the shadow began to move on again, it looked as if it disappeared-but no, it was only fainter. My eyes, preternaturally sharp- ened by my intense gaze, still saw it, work- ing its way round the corner, as assuredly no shndnv:, in the real sense of the word, ever did nor could do. I realised this, and the sense of horror grew all but intolerable, yet I stood still, clasping the cold little hand in mind tighter and tighter, and an instinct of protection of the child gave me strength. Besides, it was comiug on so quickly-we could not have escaped-it was coining, nay it HOS behind us. " Leila ! " gasped Donny, " the cold-you feel it. now ! " Yes* truly-like no icy breath that I bad ever felt before was that momentary, but horrible thrill of utter cold. If it had lasted another second I think it would have killed us both. But. mercifully, it passed in far less time than it has taken me to tell it, and then we seemed in some strange way to be released. "Open your eyes, Donny," I said, "you won't see anything, I promise you. I want to rush across to the dining-room." He obeyed me. I felt there was time to escape before that awful presence would again have arrived at the dining-room door, though it was cowing-ah. yes. it was coming, steadily pursuing its ghastly round. And, alas ! the dining-room door was closed. But I kept my nerve to some extent. I turned the handle without over much trembling, and in another moment the door shut and locked behind us. we stood in safety, looking at each other in tlie bricht cheerful room we had left so short a time ago. Urns it so short a time :- I said to myself lt seemed hours '. And through the door open to the hall came at that moment the sound of cheerful laughing voices from the drawing-room. ¡Someone was coming out. It seemed im- possible, incredible, that within a few feet of the matter-of-fact pleasant material life this horrible inexplicable drama should be going on, as doubtless it still was. Of the two I was now more upset than my little brother. I was older and " took in '" more. He, boy-like, was in a sense triumphant at having proved himself correct and no coward, and though he was still pale, his eyes shone with excitement and a queer kind of satisfaction. But before we had done more than look at each other, a figure appeared at the open doorway. It was Sophy. " Leila," she said, " mamma wants tc know what you are doing with Donny? He is to go to bed at once. We saw you go out of the room after him, and then a door banged. Mamma says if you are playing with him it's very bad for him so late at night." Donny was very quick. He was still holding my hand, and he pinched it to stop my replying. " Rubbish," he said. " I am speaking to Leila quietly, and she is coining np to my room while I undress. Good night, Sophy." '. Tell mamma Donny really wants me," 1 added, and then Sophy departed. " We musn't tell her. Leila," said the boy. " She'd have ''stories." " Whom shall we tell ? " I said, for 1 was beginning to feel very helpless and upset. Nobody, to-night," he replied, sensibly, " You mustn't go in there," and he shivered a little as he moved his head towards the gallery ; " you're not fit for it, and they'd be wanting you to. Wait till the morning and then I'd-I think I'd tell Philip first. You needn't be frightened to-night, sister. lt won't stop you sleeping. It didn't me the time I saw it before." He was right. I slej)t dreamlessly. It was as if the intense nervous strain of those few minutes had utterly exhausted nie. 