THE MYSTERY OF O’ROURKE, BARNEY (From the Annuls of a Haunted House.) A very irritating thing has happened. My hired man, a certain Barney I O’Rourke, a citizen of much political in- 1 lluence, a good gardener, and, according much the best of me, and all because of certain effusions which from time to time have emanated from my pen It is not often that one’s literary chic kens come home to roost in such a vengeful fashion as some of mine have recently done, and I have no doubt that as this story progresses he who reads will find much sympathy for me rising up in his breast. • In the latter part of last July, expect ing a meeting of friends at my house in connection with a question of the good government of the city in which I hon estly try to pay my taxes, I ordered one hundred cigars to be delivered at my residence. 1 ordered several other things at the same time, but they have nothing whatever to do with the story, because they were all—every single bottle of them—consumed at the meeting; but of j the cigars, about which the strange j facts of my story cluster, at the close i of the meeting a goodly two dozen re- i mainect. This is surprising, considering that there were quite six of us present, but it is true. Twenty-four by actual count remained when the last guest left me. The next morning I and my family took our departure for a month’s rest in the mountains. In the hurry of leav ing home, and the worry of looking after three children and four limes as many trunks, I neglected to include the cigars in my impedimenta, leaving them in the opened box upon my library table. It was careless of me, no doubt, but it was an important incident, as the se quel shows. The incidents of the stay in the hills were commonplace, but J during- my absence from liome strange things were going on there, as I learned upon my i-eturn. The place had been left in charge of Barney O’Rourke, who, upon my arri val, assured me that everything was all right, and I thanked and paid him. “Wait a minute, Barney,” I said as he turned to leave me; "I’ve got a cigar for you." I may mention incidentally that in the past I had kept Barney on very" good terms with his work by treating .him in a friendly, sociable way, but, to my great surprise, upon this occasion he declined advances. HAD GIVEN UP SMOKING. His face llushed very red as lie ob served that he had given up smoking. “Well, wait a minute, anyhow,” said T. “There are one or two things I want to speak to you about.” And I went to the table to get a cigar for myself. The box was empty. Instantly the suspicion which lias doubtless llasihedthrough the mind of the reader flashed through my own— Barney had been tempted,and had fallen. I recalled his blush, and on the moment realised that in all my vast experience of hired men in the past I had never seen one blush before. The case was clear. My cigars had gone to help Bar ney through the hot summer. “Well, I declare!” I cried, turning sud denly upon him. “I left a lot of cigars here when I went away, Barney.” “I know ye did, son-,” said Barney, who had now grown white and rigid. “1 saw them meself, sorr. There was twi'nty-foui- of ’em.” “You counted them, eh?" I asked, with an elevation of iny eyebrows, which to those who know me conveys the idea of suspicion. “I did, son-. In your absence I was re sponsible for everything here, and the mornin’ ye wc-nt awaa I took a quick in vintery, sorr, of the removables,” lie answered, fingering his cap nervously. “That’s how it was, sorr, and thim twinty-four segyars was lyin' there in the box forninst my eyes.” “And how do you account for the re moval of these removables, as you call them, Barney?” I asked, looking coldly at him. He saw lie was under suspicion, and he winced, but pulled himself to gether in an instant. “I expected the question, sorr,” he said, calmly, “and I have me answer ready. Thim segyars was shmoked, “Doubtless,” said I, with an ill-sup pressed sneer. “And by whom? Cats?” I added, with a contemptuous shrug of my shoulders. His answer overpowered me. it was so simple, direct, and unexpected. “ SHPOOKS.” “Shpooks,” lie replied, laconically. I gasped in astonishment, and sat down. My knees simply collapsed under me, and I could no more have continued to stand up than fly. “What?” I cried, as soon as I had re covered sufficiently to gasp out the word. “Shpooks,” replied Barney. “Ut came about like this, sorr. It was the Froi day two wakes afther you left, I became unasy loike along about noine o’clock in tlie avenin’, and I t’ought I’d come around here and see if everything was stliraight. Me wife sez ut’s foolish of me, sorr, and I sez maybe so, but I can’t get ut out o’ me head thot somet’ing’s wrong. “ locked everyt’ing up safe whin ye left?’ sez she. “ '1 always does,’ sez I. “ ‘Thin ut’s a phwliim.’ sez she. I " 'No.' sez I. ‘Tit’s a sinsation. If ut | was a phwliim. ut’d be vouse as would I hov’ it;’ that's what I sez, sevarely ! loike, sorr, and out I shtarts. It was tin J o’clock whin I got here. The noight was dark and lilowin’ loike March, rainin’ and t’underin’ till ye couldn’t hear your self t’ink. “i _ walked down the walk, sorr, an' ban-in’ the t’under everyt’ing was quiet. I troid the dures. All toight as a politi cian. Shtill. t’inks I, I’ll go insoide. Quiet as a lamb ut was, sorr; but on a. suddent, as I was about to go back home again, I shmelt slimoke!” “Fire?” I cried, excitedly. “I said slimoke, sorr,” said Barney, whose calmness was now beautiful to look upon, ho was so serenely confident of his position. “Doesn’t smoke involve a fire?” I de manded. •'Sometimes," said Barney. “I t’ought yo meant a confiagrasliun. son-. The slimoke I slimelt was segyars.” “Ah.” I observed. “I am glad you are coming to the point. Go on. There is a difference.” “There is thot,” said -Barney, plea santly. as he was getting on so swim mingly. “This slimoke, as I say, was sey gar slimoke. so I gropes me way cau tious loike up the back sthairs and list ens by the library dure. All quiet as a lamb. Tliin, bold loike, I shteps into the room, and NEARLY DROPS VID THE SHCAEE I HAVE ON ME in a minute. The room was dark as a b’aver hat, son-, but in different shpota ranged round in tlie chairs was six little red balls of foire.” “Barney!” I cried. “Thrue, sorr,” said lie. “And tobneky slimoke rollin' out till you’d a t’ought there was a foire in a seygar store! Ut queered me, sorr, for a minute, and me impulse is to run, but I gets me courage up. springs across thf room, touches the electliric button, and, bzt! every gas-jet on the flure loights tip',’’ “That was rash, Barney,” I put in, sarcasticaliy. ■ • • "It was in your intherest, sorr,” saict he, impressively. “And you saw what:'' I queried, 'grow ing: very impatient. “What I hope niver to see again, sorr,” said Barney, compressing his lips, solemnly. “Six imply chairs, sorr, wiri six seygars as hoigh up from the flure as a man's moat', puffin', and a-blowin’ out shmoke loike a thimble:*” An’ ivery oncet intsa whoiie the segyars would go down kind of an’ be tapped loike as if wid o, finger of a shmoker, and the ashes would fail off onto the flure!" “Well?” said I. “Go on. What next"" “I wanted to run awaa, sorr. but I shtood rutted to the shpot wid t’n' sur prise I had on me. until foir.ally ivery segyar was burnt to a shtub and trim into the foireplace. where I found ’em when I came to eiane up. provin' ut wasn't ony dhrame I’d been havin’.” THE JiAN WAS LYIXG. I arose from my chair and paced the* room for two ur three minutes, wonder ing what I couid say. Of course, the man was lying. I thought. Then I pulled myself together. “Barney," I said, severely. “ what’a the use? Do you expect me to believe any such cock-ar.d-bul! story as that?” "Xor, sorr,” said he. “But thim’s the facts.” "Do you mean to say that this house of mine is haunted?"! cried. “I don't know,” said Barney, quietty. “I didn't t’ink so before.” “Before? Before what? When?” 1 ashed. “Whin you was vritin’ shinnies about ut. sorr," said Barney, respectfully. "You’ve had a black horse-hair sofy turn white in a single noight. sorr, for 1 the soight of horror ut's witnessed. You’ve had the hair of your own head, slitand on ind loike tinpenny nails at what you’ve seen here in this very room, yourself, sorr. You’ve had ghosts doin' all sorts of t’ings in the shtories you’ve been writin’ for years, and you’ve al ways swore they were thrue. sorr. X didn’t believe ’em when I read ’em, but whin I see thigi segyars bein’ shmoked up before me eyes by invisible t’ings, I sex to meself, sez I, the boss ain’t such, a loiar afther all. I’ve follyd your writ in', sorr, very careful and close loike; I don’t see how.afther the tales you've told about your own experiences right here, you can eay consistently that this, wan o’ mine ain’t so!” “But why, Barney,” I asked, to con fuse him. "when a thing like this hap pened, “didn't you write and tell me?” Barney chuckled as only one of his species can chuckle. “Wroiate and tell ye!” he cried. “Be gorry, sorr, if I could wroite at all at ah, ut’s not you oi’d be wroitin’ that tale to. hut to the iditor of the paper that you wroite for. A tale loike that is wort’ tin dollars to any man. especially if ut's thrue. But I niver learned the art!” And with that Barney left me over whelmed. Subsequently I gave him the ten dollars which I think his story Is worth, but I must confes that I am ih a dilemma. After what I have said about my supernatural guests. I cannot discharge Barney for lying, but I’ll be blest if I can quite believe that his story is accurate in every respect. If there should Happen to be among the readers of this tale any who have made a sufficiently close study of the habits of hired men and ghosts to be able to shed any light upon the situation nothing would please me more than to ■hear from them. I may add, in closing, that Barney has resumed smoking-. John Kendrick Bangs, in “Harper's* Weekly.*' 