TEAVEIMR. = IRVINE PROPHETESS'S CAREER. The last ef the Buohanites, Andrew Inues, was alie lees than fifty years ago. A Xunhanite he continued firm to the end— a believer iu one of the most darinar and rank impostors that ever lived ; a woman who her self pretended to be the Third Person of the Godhead incarnate, who managed to seduoe from his Calvinism the Relief minister of Irvine, and acclaimed him the Man Child of Revelation ard herself his spiritual mother, who persuaded a large company of people to journey with her to Zion, and who actually imbued them with the belief that she would translate the whole of them to Heaven with out tasting of death. It is a long time since the story has been told, and it will well bear ie- telling. Elspei.ii, or Elspath, Simpson was the hild of poor parents, and her early years in Banffshire were spent in poverty. She had a natural aversion to manual labour, sd when circumstances brought her to the South- West of Scotland she associated with vil company, and contracted those loose notions of ma'rimony that played so promi nent a part in the faith of whioh she was founder. She iB said to have married a working potter at Ayr, named Robert Buohan, but of this there is no record in the parish papers. She lived but a short time with her husband, who, shocked with her ikunorality, took her baok to Banffshire, where he left her to provide for herself as best she could. She had two daughters and a son, whom she scandalously neglected, ' to arty out the details of a divine apocalypse ' charging her with a heavenly mission. J'his was in the year 1774. She remained in the North, warring with the olergy, discussing her as yet unformulated mission, and spread ing dispeace in the community ; but her manner of life was most offensive to those with whom she was connected, and she had very little success. She returned to her husband in Glasgow in 1781, and he received her cordially. The Rev. Hugh White, minister of the Relief Congregation of Irvine was at that time one of the most popular £eaohers of his seot in the West of Scotland. December of 1793 Mrs. Buohan heard him ffeaoh at a Saorament in Glasgow, and being captivated with his oratory, she wrote to him as ' one whom she loved in our sweet Lord Jesus Christ,' and as ' a promised seed actually born from above.' Mr. White, though a man of some erudition and before- time a Professor of Logic in an A mericau College, was exceedingly flattered by the compliments of his admirer, and in 1793 he invited ber to Irvine, where she was well received by the Relief congregation, and where her heavenly conversation and extra- erdinary gifts oaused ber to be regarded as a valuable acquisition to the party. When she left Irvine to return for a little to Glas gow, she wrote to Mr. White, 'her dear child,' and hailed him as one ohosen of God. Mr White reciprocated her admiration of him and declared her to be a saint of no ordinary description, and the harbinger of a light that would unveil the darbneBs of Antichrist that bad long overshadowed many lands. This . was more than a seotion of his flock could stand, and they brought the matter before the Presbytery. His friends did ail they could, partly for hiB own sake and partly for the sake of bis wife and two young ohildren, but 'Luckie Buohan,' as she was familiarly . called in Irvine, persuaded him to stand firm. This he did, and accordingly in August, 1783, he was unanimously suspended by his eo -Presbyters from the exercise of bis minis terial functions. Driven out of the Relief Church, Mr. White preached in his own . house and in his garden, and several members of his old con gregation rallied round bim, including Peter Hunter, the Town Clerk, and John Gibson, a well-to-do- builder. The people of the town, however, were alive to the soandal, and they angrily demanded that Luokie should be expelled from the town. To this the magistrates would not consent, and the mob took the matter into their own hands. They broke the doors and windows of Mr. Hunter's house, and when Mrs. Buohan, who was with them tried to escape they intercepted her. ' After dragging her through all the streets of the town, nearly in a state of nudity, many were for duoking her in the river, but the majority was for hounding her home to her husband to the sound of an old tin kettle, and they actually trailed her to Stewarton, a village eight miles distant fkom Irvine, on the road to Glasgow.' 4 They Would raiso her up,' according to the testi mony of one of her friends, who followed in the hope of rescuing her from the hands of the crowd, ' as high as they eould, calling aloud for her to fly now to heaven like Euocli or Elijah, at the same time letting her drop to the ground , exclaiming, 4 She cannot fly yet ; we must take her a litte further and try for again.' When they came to a bridge at Stewarton, they took her to the ledge for the purpose of throwing her into the river, ahd would have done so had not one of the party opposed them, eayinsr, 4 She has done B no personal harm, therefore we will not kill her outright — let her husband do that if le phases when he getB ber home.' Luckie Managed to creep baok to Irvine in a most pitiable plight — bareheaded, barefooted, with scarcely a rag to cover her nakedness, and covered with biood. Tet she was cheerful, and accepted persecution as the prion she must pity for her convictions. Fearful of further outrage Luokie, or Friend Mother as for disciples now called her, was sent off to Glasgow, and thence eo Muthitl, iu Piri.h- shire, whence she wrote characteristic letters 1i> her 1 dearest, dear Man Child, Mr. White. 'My body,' she wrote, in - a postscript, 'is \- ll'aded with a great oold, but my senses are like pipes of new wine, all running from a free fountain.' The Man Child followed her, but his reoeption in Muthill was so dis couraging, as he openly exposed the errors of the Confession of Faith, that he returned with his spiritual mother to Irvine, where the riots began afreBh, and whence the magistrates decreed the expulsion of Mrs. Buchan on two hours' notice. What it was that specially excited the ire of the Irvine folks was the doctrine inoulcated by Luckie of having all things in common. She broke down the bonds of matrimony. She con ferred the gift of the Holy Spirit, ' with postures and practices,' to quote the words of Robert Burns, 4 that are scandalously in- decert.' 'When the. Holy Ghost of God ocoupies all the person,4 she declared, ' and reigns throughout the flesh, it matters not whether they marry or not. As for Belf- denial,' she added, 4 it would not do with me to be self-denied, but even averse to self- denial.' Without, and notwithstanding these thiDgs, ber disoiples agreed to accompany their Friend Mother, and they departed from Irvine 'singing on the why to the New Jerusalem.' Mrs. Buchan rode in a cart with Mr. White, 4 and often halted to lec ture them on the loveliness of the land, and to cheer them with food from what she called the garden of mercy, and with drink from a large oup called the comforter.' All shared alike except Friend Mother, who, after she had divided the bread, 4 lighted her pipe and took a smoke of tobacco.' The number of Buohanites at this period was 46. By slow degrees, sleeping in barns or in publio houses, the party reach; d ThornhiU, where they spent their first Sunday, and where Mr. White preached twice. The magistrates of Irvine issued a fugee warrant for the recovery of the Town Clerk, and sent a messenger at arms to bring him home. His wife and children continued with Friend Mother, and the whole party halted at the farm of Now Gample, in Nithsdale, to wait the returr of Mr. Hunter and of one or two more of the enthusiasts who had accompanied him to Irvine to settle up their business, and some of whom, freed from the sorceries of the ' witeh woman,' never made their appearanoe again among tho New Jerusalemites. The tenant of New Gample would only make a temporary grant of an empty barn, but when he found that the emigrants were good cus tomers for his farm produce, that they paid ready money for all they got. and that they were not slothful iu labouring on his fields, and that without reward, he not only let them remain till his crop was gathered in but also gave them ground to eiect a house for themselves. This they did, and it went in the locality under the name of Buohan Hall. Here Mr. White preached, and here as sub sequently in hiB 4 Divine Dictionary,' he desoribed Luckie Buchan as 4 the mysterious womau predicted iu the Revelation, in whom the light of God was restored to the world, where it had not been since the ascension of Ghrist, but where it would now continue till the period of translation into the olouds to meet the Lord at His second coming. The folks at Gloseburn. scandalised beyond maasure at the eonduot and pretensions of the Buohanites, gave them a taste of what Friend Mother termed 'the great red dragon's wrath,' but without avail, and they not only held their ground, but enrolled a number of converts from England. Luckie Buohan and Mr. White had by this time led them all to believe that in a little time they would be taken bodily up into heaven, and they waited in faith for the hour of ascension. One night they heard what they took to be a great voice from the clouds. The children, accompanied by 'our great luminary,' struck up their favourite hymn — 0 hasten translation and come resurrection ; 0 hasten the coming of Ghrist in the air. And there was a rushing together of the party from every oorner of the house. Mr. Hunter tumbled down the loft in his hurry, but instantly bounded from the ground cry ing ' Hasten translation.' A scene of in tense excitement and bodily agitation fol lowed. The farmer came rushing in, deter mined to go up with the rest. All were ready for the aerial journey when Luckie destroyed their hopes by telling them that she saw they were not yet ready for the change. Then ' she called for a tobaoco pipe and took a smoke.' In the morning the floor of the apartment was found to be ' strewed with watohes, gold rings, and a great number of trinkets whioh had been, in the moment of expected translation, thrown away as useless in our expected country. My own watch,' adds tbe chronicler, ' was of the number. I never saw it more, but I afterwards learned that John Gibson, our treasurer, had colleoted all the watches and jewellery then thrown away and sold them in Dumfries.' The same authority averred that Friend Mother's face 6hone with the lustre of tho Trans figuration, a proof that she was the Divine Person Mr. White represented her to be.' Luckie attributed the failure to ascend to a luck of faith and crdained a fast of forty days and forty nights in order to prepare hor followers fur translation. To this ordeal the deluded Buohanites consented, and for nearly six weeks, with the exception of Mrs. Buchan herself aud Mr. White, they all but starved. Luckie allowed them uo solid food. She gave them occasionally a little treaole mixed with hot water, and, incredible as it may seem, it really appears as if this was all the nourishment thoy had. The appointed period having expired, Luckie led her dupes to the top of Templand Hill about sunrise. What followed is described by a gentleman who chanced to pass the foot of tho hill on horse back, and who stealthily crept up to witness the spectncle of fanaticism. ' I recognised several faces that I had seen at Buohan Ha', particularly that of Luokie Buchan herself. She-was raised nearly her whole length above the crowd by whom she waB Bur rounded, who stood with their faces to the rising sun and their arms extended upwards as if to clasp the great luminary as he rose above the horizon.' Afraid of being discovered, the observer retreated to a wayside inn at Brownhill, where he encountered the land lord and two Buohanites, who had played out when half-way through the part, and who were anxiously waiting to hear whether the ascension had taken plice and they had been left behind. ' A sentinel soou came running in with breathless haste with the news that Luckie and the whole band were on their way baok to New Gample. We all hastened to Bee them retraoe their steps to their wonted abode ; and such a company of half -famished looking oreatares I never saw before. They were all deadly pale and emaciated to the last degree; they seemed like living skeletons just eloped from the grave or newly imported from Ezokiel'c val ley of dry bones, with the exception of Luckie herself. She was like one of those beauties who orowd the canvas of painters with hil locks of rosy flesh. Her hair was unbound, and hung profusely over her baok and shoulders. The failure of the attempt to ascend shat tered the faith of some of the Buohanites, and though Luckie and the Man Child re mained steadfast, the movement made no further headway. Luokie puriGed the rem nant by a oeremony 'too rude to meet an ear of modesty.' There were rumours in the country-side, and some apparent ground for them too, that the Buohanites praotiscd in fanticide. To try to raise the fallen standard was an impossibility. The party had to leave New Gample and take up house aud farm at Auohengibbert, and here they worked away awhile under the aotive super vision of the Friend , Mother. By this time, iu 1791, she had reached the age of 53 years, but the hardships of her lot in life had told severely upon her, and she became rapidly weaker. She died on the 29 th of March, but before »lie became speeohless she called her little flock about hor, reaffirmed that she was the Spirit of God, that Ghrist was ber elder brother, and that she could not die. She might appear to do so, she added, but they were not to be disoouraged, for she would only sleep. 4 If their faith was pure, with out alloy, she at the end of six days would return for them, but if they remained faith less she would not return to take them to Heaven till the end of ten years, when, if they still continued unprepared for the change, fifty years would elapse before sh6 would reappear on earth ; but she would then at all events descend to convince the faith less world of its error.' Needless to say she never awoke more. Mr. White and some of the more central figures in the story out a hole in the roof of the barn in whioh she lay iu state and pretended that she had risen. In reality they opened a npwly made grave in Kirkgunzeon Churchyard and laid her there ; and later her remains were dug up by Andrew Innes, one of the faithful, and duti fully kept by him in his own house. Andrew saw the ien years go by, and the fifty also, and was much depressed, at his Friend Mother's failure to return, but he continued true to her cause to the end. Mr. White recanted and sailed again for America. A dozen or more of the Buohan ites consorted together at Crooketford, dying one by one, and in a few years the heresy was extinguished. And so ended one of the most extraordinary delusions that Christian ity ever witnessed. That Luokie Buohan was a woman of immoral life was undoubted. That she was possessed of un usual gifts and of great force of character is equally plain. The moBt wonderful thing of all is that she should have beguiled so many otherwise resppotable and responsible douoe Piesbyterians iu the very cradle laud of the Covenanters. 