CHIEfLY ELECFflRAL. r ' dyLve .So bear in mind that on J 'Mondayyou will be called' on to vote for the gentleman yon consider best suited to represent you in Parliament.; Now there is no.small -.variety, of can -1 didates^ and take warning -that any act of yours cannot be rescinded for ^ vears. If ' a-. ifaan is - returned yvhoi years. ... ... . , , .proves unswfed ;to" your. requirements yon will only have yourself to blame.. "Therefore, consider well whether Mr.. Bason, with hiswell rounded phrases, rand ruthlessly, radical and ridiculous, ntfjforms in .the mining regulations tiwillibetter represent you than persons t^oihavediyed with you, striven with jB^id-riyn in therdistrict. ' ,.Mr. 'llflhnpjjhnlcmrfc .to4SouthMurchison. :&t; tthejsole .Teguest .of .one man. 'To tthe'inajofiiy-of-.electors he is perfectly " ,-unknown. 'All .that can guide you are 1 Aih own words, 'eloquent .no dnubt,;] ;andthe miBspeUed/blnnderingphrases <of the editor of the " Northern "Mining .Register," who, apparently for •bin own pocket, has m vited Mr. Bason; =-, ito contest this electorate. , Monejf «jnd i "Swords leiSect Many votes,, but,, 3you/the elector,'with common sense, j .wynld yon vote in a blinft. fashion dor i a person you are unacquainted with, -for willyouchoose asyour representa Jtive a man you know, whose faults you have reviewed, whose good guali-. ities are apparent, whose life for several! years is, like a book .open and ex-,; ;panded, "for your criticism. There ffore, do not spare the stranger. Vote ^against -him and prove to the .world, J -;to the colony, Sthat not oniyJhas Bouth^ :Murchison got gold mines -second to monc in the world, Tint that it also lhas men capable of representing it in ^Parliament, that it has not to look-jJ ibeyond its own confines "to^Jfind a ^suitable man. You are no patriot Hf you choose a stranger to represent you. You would class yourself with ithe far north-.west -electorates, that ' vhahndt possibly, owing to -the -difii •culty of communication have proper j Tocal representation. , :You "have -seen j Mr.. Trade; you have witnessed his \- :success; you know his faults; you. yourself have faults. Do not let these ^faults, however they may be magnified j fby Ms political -opponents, bias your ] judgment. "Forget the faults, if any, cand remember only that Mr. Trade has ^fought the election honestly. and refcrajghtfprwardly, and has, fearlessly gjutMrward /hip' >views, :/sftuch others Ihave since adopted and ina feeble way •expanded. He has faced the criti lC >cisms of -his fellow citizens, andin an ^honourable way has claimed the votes -of-those'he has lived amongst. There fore, : Soiith Murchison elector, do Jhonour to the district in which your, lot has'been xafit, nntbehoose a mem-; Sber.from amongst you, who will know Siow-to represent, yon. i "Vote tor Trade" writes as , fol j3t^^jrr^Sir^pJ,;was deljghtelio ,sea 'from your last issue that you had .taken What I consider to be a clear wiew of the present political situation. ; It must be patent now to everyone who^asSdUowed Mr. Basons -tactics r that the-boasted confidence which Sir -3Tohn Forrest has in him, and the; ^eat sympathy ^he is supposed to have; : b ad- with %is -can se as a:canfiidate Jor's tthis division is a delusion and a snare, .-and is due in a-great measure to the ' misconHtrned contents of a letter kept: ima'breant'pocket. But "-the truth"/ a ^swill oilt.V /• Sir John, in "his* speech tthe reception here on Thursday last j -has clearly indicated that hi5" sympathy j as not with :Mr. Bason. It is evidently ; ^■lenr to the Breiuier, as it most be ' mow to every elector, that the reverse ob .the case. The broad and states -manly view of -fair representation^ which Sir John Forrest is continually :: jportrnyihg, is; altogether incongruous .with a desire on his part to foist upon uh an-outsider such as Mr. Bason ; o.for- fie -said in unmistakeable terms i ^aad as clearly as :it was wise for a 'Premier to say it: Vote fcr a local. 'Candidate;; in other words, vote for: "Trade. 'The reason for this is not far : ;to seek. Mr. Bason protests that he Hs a staunch supporter of the present; ^Ministry, and is fighting under those; *colours, and yet he has declared that; Hie will at once turn to the side of the' •oppomiion - when his views "do not «ooineide with those of the Premier/ »Of course occasions may arise when rthi8 conduct -is not only justifiable but" Haudable; hut such candour is not ; (likely to inspire bis' chief with confi •dence. We are told that Mr. Sason, "has deft a district where he i3 well- ; Iknawn and respected, and where his ■popularity is great. Why then did he mot ibecome a candidate for jiolltical;.. ihonoors.at home instead of seeking- his; ffortune as a stranger, and Jtxow ifi it fth%t in spite of this boasted popularity 3ie only received one single vote when i fhe stood for the "'Federal Council? : Doubtless that gentleman will console.i JhirSSSf^vnth ih8 idea that this single'1 wote was that of Sir John himself, and -jnb^hjBjJwiyirhe Btfunkind, 1 suppose, th~3odbt :it. Sht ihhre islarxother-J «questioa ;ihat ..eveiy supporter of the. mre&ent; 2iimstiy should try to answer t ftttfore recording his vote, and it is. tthia/if Mr. Bason is that devoted* friend of the present Ministry which 3ie »pse6'to be, why doee he come here. ^h|n &16 ifihds, a ; strong ~ : &ocal; .candidate in the field, when hd* J^mnws "that by doing so every vote he ► ^gauffl is adding strength^ to the cause »of (the opposition? 'The "answer is «clear. lie is too unpopular to win a tofl-t/at -hoiiin, and he as too eager an. aspirant for political honours to have $he least consideration for his party. ■ JJnder the tiaixjomstances Tit- ds not eur-.' prising that that gentleman does not mieet with so cordial a reception as ^fc woidcL wish. or that bis views on jmningmaatters should create instant qn©BUon.n^BQrnewhatnoi8yxnemment, mor might be* reasonably be expected io he treated otherwise, seeing that r ih»« *»wh followers treated Mi. lieid to so severe a heckling when he addressed the electors there. Retaliation was. the natural consequence, though the gentleman -will no' doubt -.-make the j most .of .the circumstances -by playing the mavlyr while his devoted colleague, Mr. Livingstone, thunders at all: opponents through the columns of that mighty organ, the "Northern Mining Register." It is a fact that should he known that Mr. F. B. Trade -proved his -allegiance to his party by offering to iretire in favour of another loGal ministerial candidate about to enter the lists, in order that 1 two candidates for the same -cause | should not foul each other. This was, ^ without doubt, a graceful act, and-; should be a precedent for Mr. Rason. He has not a ghost of a chance of j winning the contest, and might retire' gracefully " and honourably even now.! Why does he not do so ? Ans; JQivy will not let him." A Magnet miner writes:—" Sir,—. The times are so stirring that any pen - has been itching for days to seribhle a few lines on loco-political topics, but, up to now, visions of your waste paper basket have in spired me with a holy fear lest, its^production jnight-be attributed to garmlity, bid age, childishness, or .some .other infirmity of the times and promptly deposited therein. I say infirmity of the times, because folly of every kind is more rife and apparent in politics than elsewhere, and this -same folly is surely a great infirmity. I have known .a man of great resource, though small of stature, to be exquisi- - tely particular in ordinary times about " the shape and dtyle of his - hat, throw -it away -in disgustdu these days for a; a dirty old one he had long-ago dis carded, merely because his enemy'; offered it to him, and he found it' would fit ; and I ask, Is It Rasonaible or becoming that he should wear his. dirty old dead hat over his new Living-" Stony heart, when the adjusting of it causes his eyes to flash and -his nos trils to dilate to the consternation of .: his neighbours and the danger of his health? Surely, Mr. Editor, these are, the days when wisdom will fly to, brutish beasts and men shall lose their 1 Bason. But lam looking forward to j that new era -in our history, when j Bason shall role supreme, where one man shall have a vote whenever and wherever he likes, when one miner shall develop twelve acres of ground in twelve months and shall pay mo rent, when we shall be able to apply for garden areas and willa residences and have them for the asking, when Livy, as Minister of Education, shall instruct -us out of his new edition on old morality, and when the columns of the " Southern, Surface Scribbler" shall pave the way for a handsome publication on " spelling," with special notes by the editor. When these glad times come-I shall not want to make apologies for misquotations or ortho graphy, as all things are to be made -easy. . Rut will they come? Some ..very few think they will; others that they will not, and 1 aui amongsi those others." 