*Mm\Ed®&. CUE ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. rcmm «nr own Correspondent.] ? L ? London, March Vt, l^t foort of tho Bub-oommittee appointed to ''draw up a constitution and rules for the Management of the committee and todosuch fcther things as may be required to set the Lne in operation,' and to discuss certain re Solutions concerning the trade which the sub tommittee had drawn up. The following gen rr . ._ ? MMmt. ? TVib Hon. W. if. Etemeu were l''ir V, ; — TvT_ior,ri W fteeves, Messrs. E. Montague Nelson, W. WeddeKW. Weddel & Co.), Nathaniel Cork (Commercial Banking Company . of Syd liev) W. K Mewburn (Union Bank 6fy)- Australia), David George (Bank of New South Wales) Buchanan (Golds trough, Mort, & Co.). H. M. Paul and W. Cunningham Smith (New ZealandLoau and Mercantile Agency Company , J. W. Dickiu ion (Queensland Motional Bank), Oscar de latge (Union Mortgage and- Agency Com pany), L. Kiddle (Australasian Mortgage and Agency Company), W. Brodie and J. N. New man (National Mortgage and Agency Com pany of New Zealand), H. Grant (Dangar Farmers' Co-operative Society). J. A. Kendall [Christchurch Meat Company), J. Sanderson {Sanderson, Murray, & Co.), and J. Ladie (Leishman, Inglis, & Co.). A mere glance at these names suggests a wide divergence of opinion on the problems of the meat trade, but Australians may take it from me that of the 20 gentlemen present at least one-half or them hold Btrongiy to the view tbat no necessity for a committee exists, aud among the remainder scarcely one believes that it will prove work able or that by its operations the price ot frozen mutton can be raised a penny a stone. Why then, you may ask, have these gentlemen answered to Mr. Twopeny's call and devoted hours of their valuable time to what most d them deem idle discussion. I answer to see that nothing tyas done which might be pre judicial to their several interests.' Look at the resolutions as agreed tD after much discussion on Monday, and you will, I think, agree that the prospect of tiny i ? :!.!„ 1 ? „£+. nnnm4inrr fn ftVlinnPrR frOTH fcll6 committee's operations are remote:— 1. inat | this committee, having considered tae present unsatisfactory condition of tho Australasian j frozen meat trade, is of opinion that no perma bent improvements in tho trade can be exacted until the freezing companies in the colonies arrive at an agreement whereby the supply to the British markets may be judiciously regulated. 2. xhat thus Committee is also of opinion that) the freezing companies should refuse to freeze stock of inferior quality, as such shipments to the home market have prejudicially afiecteu the value of all frozen meat. 3. That in order to sustain prices a limited number of con eiimees is desirable, consistently with proper distribution. 4. That the ci.f. trade and con Sgnmeuts need not necessarily clash. (Messrs. Cork and Nelson dissented from this re solution.) 5. That this committee is of opinion that provincial distribution is how being developed, and that it will con tinue to be extended as the necessities of the frndp rfinnire. without making special colonial outlay of capital for increased storage. 6. (That the committee is of opinion that the in tervening check of the consienee upon the salesmen in London is an advantage to the shipper, and that therefore direct consignments to salesmen are undesirable. 7. That the committee is of opinion that insurance must be against all risks from time of shipment until not less than 30 days after final discharge of vessel. Insur ance prior to shipment to be a matter of special arrangement according to the locality bi freezing works. In every case where marine risk commences meat to be certified to the (satisfaction of tho underwriters as being thoroughly frozen aud sound. 8. lhst ~— l~n,™nt-nT with n. n\:allfied Staff would assist in securing more care ful treatment of the meat between the ship and the market. 9. That since the ac curacy of account sales should be tested oy tbe Consignee no investigation by this committee or its officials is requisite. The meeting was as usual private, but I bear that the discus sion of the various resolutions was by no means . amicable and that Mr. Doxat (though a bapital chairman in many ways) showed a disposition to jump on anybody whose yiews ' were not coincident with ma own. The most interesting discussion arose when the fifth resolution framed by the sub-committee came up for alteration and repairs. It originally read as shown above to the point 'trade required,' but then it ran thus :—' Without making special outlay of capital for increased storage, and no steps are necessary for advertising beyond the publicity oiroarfumven to the trade.' Mr. Reeves and Mr. Mackenzie strongly dissented from the views expressed in these words, for, as they pointed out, one of the first necessities for pro vincial distribution on proper lines is the pro vision of cold storaa-e at the chief centres, and advertising is the very soul of all suc cessful businesses. Tho committee, as you see, compromised with the New Zealanders by inserting the word 'colonial' before 'outlay of capital, and deleting the words relating to advertising. ' The whole resolutions it seems to me can be be fairly boiled down into one, thus:— 'This committee is of opinion that irregular ship ments, the export of inferior carcases and the consignment of meat to persons outside our own littlo coterie are mainly responsible for the present condition of the trade, and that Aus tralians have only to rectify these errors and leave the rest to us.' The publication of the letters and speeches of the late Lord Carnarvon on the defence of the Empire is particularly apropos at tho pre sent moment, and reminds us how much the colonies owe to this by no means over-rated . statesman. The subject of colonial defence is bo well worn nowadays one is apt to forget that up to 20 years ago it had been completely overlooked. Then all of a sudden in 1878 the ?'Peace with Honor' war scare woke England to the painful reality of things and possible dancers ahead. In the days of our greatest naval triumphs the protection of our vast com merce had proved no easy task, and again and again we Englishmen who boasted that we were supreme on the seas were condemned to the bitter humiliation of seeing vessels of our merchant navy bearing rich cargoes captured off their coasts and under their very eyes, but . Buice then steam had wrought in ways both direot and indirect a great change, and it was certain that no attempt had been made of a really scientific and comprehensive kind to meet tho new conditions, or even to ascertain their oxaot nature and extent. Of our pro . cress aince then Sir George Clarke, the editor of the volumo before us, thus takes note:— 'The labor was not in vain. Mudh for which Lord CWrvon strenuously pleaded has been accomplished. ill the coaling stations selected by the Com mission are now sufficiently fortified. The strategic points of King .George a bound and Thursday Island have been protected by the patriotic efforts of the Australasian colonies. Table Bay and Simons Bay have substantial defence, and the Government of the colony has in consideration important measures for Increasing its military force. Canada, the inadequaov of whose militia was pointed out by Lord Carnarvon in 1862, has since made marked progress, and has recently rearmed her troops with the service rifle and the latest field aim. Esouimault has bean at length dealt with by the War Office in co-operauon with the Dominion. From Plymouth through the Mediterranean to Hong Kong, or by the Cape route and Mauritius to Ceylon and the Bay of Bengal, protected coaling stations stand ready for the service of the fleet. xne great harbors of Australasia are all provided with defences. Crown colonies such as Mauritius, Ceylon, the Straits, and Hong Kong have shared in tbe necessary expenditure Others have shown willingnessto makesacritaces in order to guard their integrity. Meanwhile the establishment of the excellent Military Colleee at Kingston, Canada, accomplished under Lord Carnarvon's directions, Has oorne rich fruit. This institution, to the inaugura tion of which he looked back with the greatest satisfaction,' has not only raised tho standard ot military acquirements in the Dominion, but has supplied valuable othcors to the British army.' The Agent-General has been reluctantly forced to dismiss Mr. Cherry, tho clerk whom he took over from Glyns in connection with the inscription of stock work. Mrs. Fred. Burden and Mr. Cowderoy have Iwen in town for a few days. Mrs. Burden, whose health has, I fear, suffered through tho sad events of the last six months, means to let i ? i ? ^ ;« ivfnifnvm fj-if n Moor nnii rfifclirn. UoF HUUac U-i J.i-1-tti - 'Ji *» **-'*? «? .www*. —— — --- — with her children and Mrs. Cowderoy to Aus tralia. They sail by a Gulf Line steamer from Liverpool at the end of the present month. The lfttle girls have a capital English governess to whom they are much attached and who has agreed to accompany Mrs. Burden. Brief obituary notices of Sir Thomas Elder hare appeared in the Times and St. James s Gazelle. Otherwise his lamentable decease passed unnoticed. Mr. Noel Buxton's lecture on your 'village settlements' at the Cambridge Economic Club was more by way of being an informal chat tVio.n n snt. Hi-snniirsp.. It nevertheless was listened to with genuine interest. Sir William Harcourt has accepted the in vitation of Mr. Geoffrey Buxton to stay at his house on Wednesday next, on which evening the right hon. gentleman will address a mas3 meeting in the Agricultural Hall. Dr. Davies, erstwhile of London but now understood to be in practice in Aus tmim. ficrm-ed asco-resuondent in a divorce suit last week, and was mulcted by a virtuous British jury in £750 damages. The plaintiff (Mr. Frederick Haselton Curtis) told a Eingular story. He mot his wife at that romantic spot the Empire Theatre, and for some time enjoyed relations of a strictly irre gular character with her. A period of absence, however, during which the lady had an allowance of £6 a week, made Mr. Curtis's heart grow fonder, and on bis return from _ a trip to the colonies be offered to make his inamorata an honest woman. Unfortunately she knew not how to 'behave as sich.' The pair were married, but, like Mrs. Tanqueray, Mrs. rinrrin found virtue monotonous, and started an intrigue with her husband's friend, Dr. Davies. The latter being a doctor, a m«n of honor, and happily married Mr. Curtis did not suspect him of anything wrong. But Mrs. Davies discovered compromising letters, and Bevere ructions ensued. Mr. Curtis forgave his wife's misconduct once, accepting her undertaking not to see Davies again. He had the lady watched, however, and soon found she was deceiving him. Ultimately, accom panied by a detective and solicitor, ne caught the couple in flagrante delicto at Hyde Park Mausions. The respondent en deavored to mitigate damages by showing that the ethics of her husband were quite as flexible as those of Mr. Davies. When he had relations with her first she was living under another gentle man's protection, and he knew it. Mr. Curtis, however, indignantly repudiated the suggestion. The jury found that adultery had taken place, and assessed the damages at £750. His lordship pronounced a decree nisi with co^ts against the co-respondent. His lordship nlso ordered tho damages to be brought into It was with glorious anticipations of a card for a ball or dinner at Marl borough House that many of us last Monday opened an aristocratic-looking envelope bearing the crest and motto of the Prince of Wales luxuriously embossed on the flap. And sure enough the letter u«s from H.R.H., and personally addressed to our noble selves. It did not, however, contain a command to adjourn forthwith to tbe Royal abode, but simply a circular from 'Albert Edward P.' urging us to subscribe liberally to his hospital fund. I regret to say some of the recipients of this gracious request rudely accuse our future monarch of 'spoofing' them. __ _ Inspector Froest, of Scotland Yard, boarded the Oceana on her arrival at Plymouth, and has taken in hand tho bullion robbery. Need less to 6ay no information is forthcoming as to whether or not any clue has transpired. Wonders will never cease. Sir homers Vine, Wi*U »sS O V1JL V tJKJiAJ aliv i* *-» ' ?*« ? '**? »--o *? ? bulwark of the Imperial Institute, and pre sumedly did his best to eat up the Colonial Institute, has joined the latter as a fellow. General Hutton, late Commandant of the New South Wales Military Forces, has (the British Australasian points out) the good for tune to have a triple right to a place in the Queen's Commemoration pageant. He could attend as aide-de-camp to the Queen, adjutant general, or as honorary colonel of the New South Wales contingent. The general, who has unbounded aamirauon tor ausuuuk, u«= elected to be present in the latter capacity, and should look well in the picturesque colonial uniform. . General Sir Frederick Carnngton, the hero of tho recent successful campaign in Rhodesia, is said to be utilising his leave in voyaging to Australia, and to have sailed for your part Ot the world in tho Orizaba last week. It would not however surprise me to learn that he got no further than Gibraltar. Now the shipping comnanies refuse to give the press any informa tion with regard to their passengers the most ludicrous mistakes are-not unnaturally madein assigning tho destinations of voyagers. I con stantly see titled persons announced as 'bound for Australia' in tbe Anglo-Colonial papers whereas they are obviously going no further than Naples or perhaps the Nile. I remarked once before that this singular 6pasm of reticence on the part of the shipping companies does not appear to be in the in terests of anybody save the individual who has good and sufficient reasons for wishing to Blip into Australia unnoticed. Of course if you ve bolted with your irienaa wire. or jour em ployer's money* you don't want your port of arrival publicly intimated. But really there doos not seem any valid reason wJiy either the companies or the press should consider, the con venience of suoh persons. Mr. Louis Becke is I see one of the eminent authors whose overflowing feelings on the Cretan question have obliged him. to wire to pathy with gallant Greece.'r The memorial was fathered by Jerome K. Jerome. ' Messrs. Chatto & Windus announce a new novel with an Anglo-AuBtralian setting by i Mrs. Campbell Praed. It is entitled i TNulmo.' ? .' , . . . ? H To the list of Australians who are interest ing themselves in the Kowalski recital at St. James's Hall next Tuesdny afternoon may be mentioned Mr. and Mrs. Tooth, of Sydney. M. KowalskTa numbers *riU inolude Belecfcions from LiBzt, Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schubert: Liszt and throe compositions from his own pen. Miss Hosa Bird will sing 'Orpheus wth his lute,' 'Lo, hear the gentle lark. 'Who is Sylvia,' 'Do . bust die Ruh,'' and 'Ombra 'Leggiera,'* seleotion which should show her voice and style to the fullest advan Lent being a slaok time at the theatres the! management of the Princess's haye allowed Miss Hilda Spong a holiday, and she and her mother nave gone down to Eastbourne for a week. She was, I am afraid, in common witu the rest of tha company somewhat upset on Saturday evening by the suicide of an actor named 'Piper, well known to many m the theatre. Frederick Piper was once a 'juvenile lead' of repute in the province*, but like Charley Warner and other erst while gay young dogs he hod passed 40, and looked it. ' For sometime Piper had fallen on very evil dare, and tried vainly to obtain employment. Ho came to the Princess s for a billet, and found friends there. They pro mised to try and get Mr. Gilmer to give him something, and helped the poor fellow many times to money. Perhaps they were getting a little tired of him. On Saturday he put in an appearance, and sent up to the dressing-room a Blip of paper on which was written Get tho boys to subscribe or do some thing for me. If they won't there is nothing but suicide for me.' A shilling was sent down to him and on receiving it liper went to the Wheatsheaf Hotel, at the.corner of Poland- street, and called for a small quantity of rum. After drinking it off he said to the barman, ' I put cyanide of potassium in my rum. I Want to die and Tve poisoned my self.' A policeman was sent for and Piper was taken to the Middlesex Hospital, where he died almost immediately. The bankruptcy of Sims Reeves at the age of 74 no doubt seems incomprehensible to thoso who only know that till comparatively .i._ j_i ? _*^»j. *.„.%»« Iinw4Tvi «mr*,» *'iT'if\TlAf recency cuo yrtjai/ lcuui uww; u.v* ~~w — ~ his mouth under a hundred guineas It is not, however, altogether the old mau s fault. His son-in-law, W. F. Wiggs, came to grief on tbe Stock Exchange, and Mr. Beeves was ? *.._ f«» i-.*»-L A h itpoDnnf. f.Vto vpfcfirjin is laic jip with bronchitis, but he wants for nothing, ind his wife hopes, as soon as they can travel, to get him aboard ship en route to fulfil their Australian engagements. But I fear this will never come oil'. The success of ' La Pout- ee' at the Prince of Wales's Theatre is complete, and both the Australians therein (Willie Walsho and Arthu Deane) are scoring nightly. George Musgrovo has bought the Australian rights. Melba has recovered her health and forgotten the chagrin begotten by her eemi-failure m New York. She is now trying to arrange after all to appear at Covent Garden this summer. One of Mr. Beerbohui Tree's most valuable and ancient ' props' tor interview purposes is the following letter, which has done duty in many an entertaining article and crops up 'qv^e promiscuous-like' in the Strand Magazine this month:— 'Venered sir— I wish to go on the stage, and I would Hlce to , join your valuable theatre. I have been a bricklayer for five years, but having failed m this branch I have decided to take on acting, it being easier work. 1 an not young, but am 6 ft, tall without my boots. I have studied Bell's system of elo cution and am fond of late hours. — E. S. Mr. Tree, I observe from the same article, has formed a flattering estimate of our American cousins. Asked what struck him most in the States, the actor replied— 'If you are an author and invited out to dinner you will find tii at. t.Vin lmstpss and everv one of the guests have taken the trouble to read all your books beforehand. Isn't that true hospitality ? If you are an actor, they know everything about your caraer and will discuss all the parts you have played. Tbe women are usually pretty, and always cnarmmgly dressed. We met such a number of courteous and accomplished gentlemen wherever we went. The culture of some of the younger men there is remarkable. They are thoroughly well versed in modern history aud modern Wv* _ , , , ?, - , r ?» jr.. A very pretty tale to tue aiscreaic oi mr. John Gowlland, who has for some years posed in England as amateur champion boxer of Australia, was told in the Divorce Court when his wife's petition for divorce on the usual grounds was heard by Mr. Justice Barnes. According to the lady's counsel the parties were married at a Kensington registry office in 1892, and the respondents miscon duct 6eems to have commenced almost immediately. Three days after tho wed ding indeed he stayed out all night and on his bride remonstrating Gowlland struck her. Later he began to bring rats aud cats home to the house for the purpose of having them worried by his dogs. His wife* who not unnaturally ob jected to this form of drawing-room »onni+' nssfid to trv and fret out of the room, but Gowlland would brutally bring her back again and compel her to witness the per formance. To the one child of the marriage he was also brutal, and if its mother interfered on its behalf she shared his diEpleasure. In April last he kicked his wife in the stomach, and inflicted what Dr. Topping described as likely to be a permanent injury. In supporting her counsel s statements Mrs. Annette Gowlland said that though her huBband claimed to have an income of £500 a jear she hereeit naa in incs uee« ue pendont on her mother's generosity for the means of living. Evidence of adultery was put in and there being no defence Mr. Justice Barnes granted a decree nisi with the custody of the child. _ . _ You will have heard by cable tbat the Soutli Australian dinner is fixed for May 29, and that Chiof Justice Way has promised to preside. This is not so smart as though Mr. Chamber lain had kept his pledge and taken the chair, but everybody seems pleased. The Anglo colonial community hope as I do. It por tends we nre going to have a genuine South Australian function on the present occasion and not a Pan-Bntanmc festival. The one thing wanting at tho sumptuous banquet in 189G was a South Australian atmo sphere. Remembering the treatment Mr. Playford received on man wiaoiuu *. »i~ not surprised to learn that he takes email interest in the second anniver sary The Agent-General has not abso lutely refused to attend. If the Chief Justice presides, and there is some effort to make it a genuinely South Australian evening, ho will undoubtedly be there. But the colony and the colony's affairs must come into the programme somehow. An ingenious or ingenuous correspondent oi a London contemporary has discovered the 'obvious reason' why so many New South Wales and Victorian people are m ib.vui ul «, united Australia. It is beoause the commer cial benefit to the capitals of both these colonies would be enormous. How so .' do you ask? Well, our friend argues that in eveiit of Federation, the duties having been paid in one port, goods could be sent with out restriction to any port of Australia, and the merchants of Sydney and Melbourne, with tho advantage of the lower ratea of freight ruling to their ports than to those of tbe other colonies, -would be enabled to successfully com pete with tbe merchants established in Wueens land, South Australia, and ths Cinderell colony, whosedirect imports would be seriously * Apropos of theColonial Office's intimation re official presentations at JOourfc, it is perhaps worth 'pointing out to antipodean ladies that an ordinary presentation, where Mrs. Jones in aominatly wWuoBato'her Majesty by Mrs. Brown, confers no social jpresttge whatever, and Jb, from that point of view, abortive. Any moderately respectable person can go to Court nowadays ; indeed, there .have been instances latterly where ladies decidedly quisby have passed the Lord Chamberlain. Australianladies foine to a drawing-room should be niost careful who their sponsors are. An official presentation (i.e., by Mrs. Chamberlain) ot course certifies you a person of prominence in your own Little Pedlington. If you camiot attain unto that try and secure the good offices of Lady Onslow, Lady Jersey, Lady Kintore, or some other ex-Governor's wife with a repu tation for exclusiveness. At worst invoke tho aid of your Agent-General's wife— if she has been presented herself. But on no account let Mrs. Brown or Mrs. Jones or Mrs. Robinson be your guide. Truth has some pregnant remarks on this subject in tho cur rent issue. Labby says:— 'It is no distinc tion in any way to go to Court in these days, either for man or for woman, and nothing whatever is achieved by doing bo, except, pos sibly a little temporary tinpot eclat in a suburban or provincial social circle. 1 he occu pants of the Throne-room seem to regard the ong procession of utterly unknown nonentities with a sort of disdainful wonder and curiosity, as if they were some species of newly-discovered animals.' The windows of The Advertiser's new offices in Fleet-street seem likely to be in consider able demand on Jubilee Day. Already we have received intimations from endless friends and relations, not to mention all the Anglo colonists who ever intermittently nodded to us that they propose to give us a call that morning. Accommodation being limited the greater number will have to remain outside, eo I foresee a rich crop of brand new enemies arising out of the joyful occasion. Probably we shall be driven in the end to charging, like mir neighbors. 6 eulneas a head and giving the total to the Prince of Wales Hospital fund. The official programme of the procession is now announced, and is the one favored by the Prince of Wales. It does not, you will observe, at present include that official Mecca of the British colonies (Victoria-street, West minster), but the omission will almost certainly be rectified. A movement is already on foot to petition the authorities to include that sumptuous thoroughfare in the line of route, and to give not only its thousands of inhabitants an opportunity of witnessing the procession, but to afford also some of the Agents-General an opportunity of = houing the patriotism of the dependencies they represent, andjof offering a unique spectacle to the distinguished Antipodean visitors who will be here in their hundreds for this great national event. The Queen's procession will be a mile long. Inittherewillbecontiugentsof the Royal Hoi- Guards and the 1st and 2nd Life Guards, the Scots Greys, the colonial representa tive troops, some 700 in number, and a special escort of Indian native officers representative of every crack regiment in India. The Princesses of the Royal family, and a splendid cavalcade of Princes on horse back, will go before the Queen's carriage. In advance of the Royal Princes' cavalcade will come the Headquarter Staff of the ' Army, including the Coramander-m-Chief (Lord Wol seley) and the Duke of Connaught, wuo will tnb-.i Eiini-pmnraimraand of tho troous in London tbat day, with Lord Methuen and Sir Redvcrs Buller members of the special staff for the occasion. _, , . , This great procession will leave Buckingham Palace at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, June 22, die various contingents having formed up earlier all along the Mall in St. James's Park. The route taken will bo as follows :— Constitution- hill, Piccadilly, St. Jaines's-street, Pall Mall, north Bide of Trafalgar-square past the National Gallery. Duucannon-slreet, Strand, Fleet-street, Ludgate-lnll to St. Paul's Cathedral. The first stoppage will be at the Law Courts, where old Temule Bar once stood. Here the ! Queen will receive the homage of tbe Lord Mayor, who will present the sword of State, which will be returned. There will only De room for the Queen's carriage and those of the Royal Princesses opposite the west front of St. Paul's for the short open-air service. Tho oyal Princes will be grouped round on horse back. The enclosure will be kept by soldiers of every nationality aud every arm of her Majestv's forces. After the service on tue steps of St. Paul s, in whioh five choirs are to take part, the cor tege will take the following route, starting along the south side of St. Paul's Church yard :— Chfiaps:de, Mansion iiouse, .rving William-street, London-bridge, Borough High street, Borough-road, St. George's Circus, Westminster-bridge- road. Westminster-bridge, Bridge-street, Parliament-street, Whitehall, the House Guards, the Centre Mall to Buck ingham Palace. , The route has been measured over six miles in length. Tho rate of progress will be 2£ miles an hour, including the stoppages— at Temple Bar, at St. Paul's (20 minutes), and at the Mansion House, where an address will be presented from the City to her Majesty. The Jueen, leaving Buckingham Palace at 11 a.m., is timed to return at 2 p.m. Several considerations have, it is explained, weighed with her Majesty in cboosmg this route in preference to the return by Holborn, Oxford-street, and Hyde Park. Chief among them is understood to have been the Queen's desire to show herself to South Londoners, especially in the ancient Borough, and to give some comparatively poor neighborhoods some share in the advantages that are gained by the letting of windows and frontages on great speotacular occasions. The widening of the area over which the crowds will bo distributed is an obvious Advantage. If necessary for the better regulation of the crowds, the bridges across the river may be closed to traffic from 1 o'clock to 3 o'clock, so as to prevent a rush from one 6ide of the town to tho other, and thus an excessive concentration of people at any one point will be more easily prevented. The Daily News gives the following out line of the military and naval part of the great ceremonial :— It is intended that 25,000 men of all the services shall be paraded. The place of honor has been given to tbe Guards and the Naval Brigade, both at Buckingham Palace and at St. Paul's Cathedral, where guards of honor of both branches of the Queen's fighting services will be mounted opposite each other. The Household reeiments and contingents from 19 other in fantry regiments will line the streets, bcotch, IriBh English, and Welsh regiments and the two battalions ot times win uo ieijicauu.,^. Contingents of tho Army Service Corps and Royal Engineers will occupy prominent posi tions along the route; and the Admiralty will arrange for the Royal Marino Light Infantry, Royal Marine Artillery, and bluejackets to be in places where they will bo well seen. Throughout the route of bis miles military bands will be Btajioned at short intervals, and 'in the great prooession there will be .at least. two mounted bands. The cavalry arrange ments are very elaborate, and will pro vide for the effective display of the Koyal Horse Guards (BlueB), the 1st and 2nd Life Guards, and the Scots Greys. The cavalry not wanted in tho grert State procession will bo spread over all the length of tho route. There will be three batteries of Boyal Horse Artillery employed in the duties of tbe day. A prominent place will also he found for the auxdiaryforo&^Pie Yeomanry, Militia, and Volunteors^M^OVfuppl^the t««P3,for^e whole of theW^P St. JameB's Park. The Selection ofj|ppnts will not be restricted ;o the hornfi .district cttmmana, but lot) msA ivillbe taken from each district, ' London, March 19, 1897. On the arrival of the Orient at Plymouth oa Monday Captain Inskip was handed a letter Erom the managers of the company in whioh they expressed their gratification with the conduct of Chief Officer F. J. Rauken -tnd his gallant associates in the rescue of the xsrew of the barque PhilUs off Wilson's Promontory on January 10 last. In accordance with the directions of the management the captain assembled the whole of the crew on the hurricane deck and read the letter to them. It waB couched in the following terms : — 'Dear Bir— I am desired by tbe managers to acknow ledge receipt of your letter of the 18th January reporting in detail the cir cumstances under which Mr. ? F. J. Ranken, R.N.R, chief officer, and six seamen of tho Orient, on January 10,. when off Wilson's Promontory, on the Australian coast, at the peril of their lives gallantly volunteered to man a boat and go to the relief of the crew of the brig Phillis, a vessel which had made signals of distress, she being short of provisions and her crew starving. The managers have learned with much satisfaction that the efforts of these gallant men were ciowned with success, and that they were able not only to ail'ord succour to their distressed brother seamen but also to return to the Orient in safety, although at the time it was blowing a hurricane with a tremendous sea running. Tho managers wish you to con vey to Mr. Ranken and his crew their high appreciation of their valor on the occasion aud inform them that they are pleased to know that the Orient company nas in its service officers and men who have displayed qualities worthy of tho best traditions of the British sailor. The thanks of the managers are also due to you for the very skilful and searaanlike manner in which you handled your ship and conducted the proceedings on the trying occa sion, thus contributing largely to the successful issue of the hazardous undertaking. While your ship is at anchor in Plymouth Sound you will please read this letter to the whole of the officers and crew, amongst wuom tue managers do not doubt there are men who, should occa sion arise, would be ready to undertake a similar task.' Dr. and Mrs. Clifford sailed 'for Australia yesterday by the Aorangi. Miss Clifford is also of the party, as also are Mr. Towers and Miss Towers, closely associated with the work at Wostbourne Park Chapel. A crowded fare well meeting of the chapel-folk on Monday evening gave Mr. Towers its mandate to exer cise a diNcreet restraint should the doctor de velop in the course of the tour any tendencies to indulge unduly in t-peechmakiug, and the rev. treftleman promised submission. It was stated by Mr. Alfred Gaze, church trea surer, that the congregation had contributed some £100 towards extra expenses during the pastor's absence, this in addition to £170 for incidental travelling expenses. The doctor will be the guest during the tour of Mr. James Huddart. Two students travelled from the Midland Baptist College at Nottingham to bid good-byo to their old mentor. In his farewell sermon at Westbourne Park Chapel on Sunday evening thedootor preached on the lateProfessor Drurnniond. JuBt a touch of autobiography lento to the sfirmon the personal note that perphaps was anticipated from the packed cougregation and the fact that it was tbe last Sunday to be spent by Dr. CJlinord in Jjoudon ior some six months. ?' I have the greater interest in my subject of to-night,' said he, 'because when 1 came to London instead of devoting myself to the pastorate I attended classes, and fur nished myself as best I could to deal with the scientific difficulties that I saw must arise.' He rejoiced that he had been guided to do so, for it had been again and again his privilege to be of use to those perplexed, bewildered, and dazzled by science. ' As I look back over ray ministry I cau see much to regret, but more to be thankful for iu having received from God more than human hearts could con ceive or tongue utter. God has been gracious to me beyoud my rosiest dreams ; my loftiest ambitions. Troops of friends have gathered round me, some of them young when I came, no longer voung now. But their places are being 'filled by younger men, full of high endeavor, eager, not to propagate a ' save-yoursel£' gospel, but a salvation com prehending all departments of life. Gods rood hand nas Deen uj.-uu uie;j.iu*j- ''?'/? may be spared to come back to you and to this 3ear old London. May God bless you till we meet again.' . The Duke of Conuaught will preside at a banauet of the Royal Colonial Institute at the Hotel Cecil on July 2 in commemoration of the sixtieth year of the Queen's reign to which the colonial Premiers and their wives and the officers commanding detachments of colonial troops will be specially invited. There will also be a conversazione at the Natural History Museum, Cromwell-road, on Juno 18. Mr, J olm ijemmone iem ijonuou on r nuaj last for Australia, where he will in future act as local representative for various musical novelties to be sent out from this side. Mr. G. P. Doolette, who has been confined to the house with a recurrence of the in fluenza, is now reported to bo much better, though still far from being in a fit state to attend the board meetings of his numerous companies. This is, I fancy, about the soventh attack of influenza to overtake the South Aus tralian since hiB arrival in the old country, but apparently his previous experiences of to ariiwe have not rendered Mr. Doolette par ticularly amenable to the injunctions of his medical advisers. Mrs. Dsle; widowof tbefamousNonconformist divine, who died at Bath last week, was the mother of Mrs. George Doolette. It appears the oli lady wr3 reading in bed at night when her candle overtipped and set alight to the clothes The flames were with some difficulty extinguished, but not before Mrs. Dale had been Bhockingly burnt. Everthing was done that could be done, but the shock proved too much for an already enfeebled system, and she sank rapidly. . , Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Simms, of Adelaide, are returning to South Australia in the P. and d. Himalaya. They join the steamer at Brindisi. ... t_ j *i Thore' was a big luncheon on board the Huddart-Parker steamer Aorangi on Tuesday to celebrate the departure of that sumptuously renovated and refitted vessel to take up her station on the Vancouver-Australian service. It is rather difficult to decoy Anglo-Colonial notables to this sort of fuuetion nowadays, and Lord Selborne, Lord Hopetoun, Lord Jersey, Sir Saul Samuel, Sir Andrew Clark, Sir Donald Smith, Mr. Colmor, and others sent handsome apologies instead oi turning up. The celebrities who did put m an appearance were the New Zealand Agent-General (Mr. Reeves), Sir Albert Rollit, Mr. Albert BrasBey, and one or two shipowners. There appeared to be no formal chairman. Sir Jidwyn Dawes presided at one table and Mr. James Huddart at the other. The Queen's health - having been drunk in reoord reign bumpers Sir Albert Rollitt proposed 'Sucoess to the oolonies,' which was replied to by Mr. Reeves. ' The New Zealand Agent-General is at his.bosb at this sort of affair, neither too serious nor too frivolous, and he need not have regretted that the duty fell to him instead of '*o my old friend Sir Saul Samuel, the hero of a hundred toasts.' Sir Albert Rollitti, he remarked, had dealt very pointedly with the bonds which bound our empire together. He (Mr. ReeveB) Bhould Bay tho strongest ot them were sentiment and steaui. lap nlouse. ) We boasted a common blood, a com mon literature, a common history, and although the feeliug of Benbment in lingland was strong, it was but natural that the' people ' hero, should not look upon the colonies with' the Bame adoration as the colonies looked upon the mother country. (Applause.) But they must not under rate the influence of steam. He was young, but he could remember the time when it took nearly four months to get from London to New Zealand. It took now 33 days, and the day would come, he trusted, ?when it would only take 20 days. (Oh ! and cheers. ) .It was, however, something to boast of making a trip round the' world in 115 days for £115. (Hear, hear. ) That waa al the rate of Id. a knot.' General- Lawrie and Mr. Hogan followed Mr. Reeves with glowing panegyrics on Mr. James Huddart's services in connection with the Vancouver service, and ? emphatic expressions of opinion that he ought to get the Atlantic contract too. Mr. Huddart himself talked mainly of subsidies. On Tuesday evening a paper by Mr. J ames Bonwick, dealing with the material, political, and educational progress of the Australasian colonies during the GO year3 of her Majesty's reign, was read to a meagre audience at the Foreign and Colonial Section of the Society of Arts. There was little in the paper that calls for either quotation or comment, but I venture to excerpt a few paragraphs. Speaking of the political progress during the record reign Mr. Bonwick said :— 'Originally brought up in the house of bondage liberty spraug uofc forth like Miuerva, fully anuc-d. When I landed at Hobart, in 1841, I found myself under a nominee council, having a few harm less free members constantly outvoted. But we had a very limited civil service, an ex penditure below the income, and trifling taxes. So benighted were we then as to be ignorant of a public debt. New South Wales had to fight the battle of freedom for future millions. Let us do honor to her, admire her continued struggle, and reverence her faith in humanity. To those Sydney patriots of old we colonials owe our trial by jury, our right of representa tion as taxpayers, Jour freedom of tho press, our settlement on the lands, with our municipal government, aud the equality of all religion ists before the law. You in London may criticise the exercise of our rights and doubt the wisdom of our legislation. But, re member, our people were just what your schools, your churches, your laws had made us. We ran a bit wild in t!io freedom allowed us. Bevelling in the boundless wealth of a patri mony bestoived upon us in land, without con trolling conditions, the wonder is that wo kicked so mildly over the traces, and that you are here so safe with your inscribed stock. We have to meet a national debt of over £20,000, 000. The 15,000 miles of Government railways, 120,000,000 sheep, an annual trade of £120,000,000 sterling, a revenue of £20,000,000, the vast areaoE unalionaled lands, and the industry of tho most energetic peoples arc security for payment. If we leave our children something to pay wo leave them also a glorious heritage.' In inferring to the educational progress Mr. Bonwick paid a handsome tribute to the press of Australia, which he said ' need take no back seat iu tho world's press conclave.' Iu the House of Commons on Monday after noon Mr. Ixanbury, answering Sir Howard Vincent as to the United Kingdom being the only country in the Postal Union refusing to take bses by post, stated tbafc ' hu did not know whether his hou. and gallant friend de sired postal facilities for a single beo or a swarm. (Laughter.) As a matter of fact the United Kingdom was not aionc in declining to cany bees through the pose. Many countries in the Postal Union, and especially the colonies, share the objection on the ground that damage- might be done to correspondence and to the postal authorities. If the bees got loose in the mail bags unpleasant results might follow, _ (Laughter.) Special permission might be obtained for sending bees l;y p.ircfl post under certain restrictions, but they could not be sent abroad because such parcels were sub jected to examination at the Custom-House.' Sir H. Vincent explained tiiat Sheffield was a^ great place for supplying queen bees, and the producers were auxiou3 to send them to Australia. So the precedent of Argentina is to be fol lowed in those two progressive colonies, South Australia and New Zealand, and Mr. King ston and Mr. Seddon are even now drafting Bills imposing a tax on bachelors. The notion is— from the advanced woman point of view distinctly precious. But it has one obvious drawback. The men coerced into double har ness by the measure naturally won't be the most eligible baichelors. They will pay up and look unpleasant On the whole I incline to agree with Americans that a more effective plan would be to make it comme il faut for the dear girls to propose to the men. They appear to have already got some distance on the road in New ? York. Here, tor instance, is a recent adver- | tisement from the Herald: — 'A woman is always as old as she looks. I am 19 (and Jook ! it), pretty, shapely, dainty, affectionate, grate- ? ful. Can I meat refined, wealthy gentle- i man? Object, matrimony.1' As this seduc- i tive invitation is said to have only appeared : once I infer the artless damsel landed her fish | at the first try. The Blue-book as to the transference of : Norfolk Island to New South Wales has been f laid on the table of the House, aud forms the ! subject of sundry semi-historical newspaper i articles vanrping up the strange eventful story ! of the Bounty mutineers. Of the transfer ! itself there appears little to say save that, as ! everybody knows, neither the islanders them selves nor the adjacent colony of New Zealand : liked it. The H. James's closes the Blue-book ] with a sigh. 'Thus,' it says, ' ends a strange : page of Pacific history. Bora in bloodshed and ! wickedness the Pitcairn Island community, ? from whom the Norfolk islanders are descended, I became a pattern of all the simple aud Idyllic | virtues. The brown boys and girls grew up in | a condition of primitive Christianity, linked with the primitive innocence of the Tahitian before European civilisation had spoilt them with money, rum, and measles. Now the Islanders are to come regularly into our colonial system, and will be blessed with public houses, politics, and police magistrates. It was perhaps iuevitable, but it seems a pity.' It cannot be said at the time of writing that the coming Australian apple season is any too hopeful bo far as the maintenance of prices are concerned. Tho first consignment of Tas mauian fruit is due to arrive here by the P. &. O. Bteamship China on April 2— a fort night earlier than last year — which one broker opines will go a long way towards securing good prices. A groat deal will, how ever, depend on the state of the market Generally speaking Tasmanian apples have arrived when the market has been bare and in consequence have sold well, 5d. per lb. being obtainable for some of the early ship ments in 1896. The important factor this year will bo America and much will depend upon whether the supplies from that country are cleared on the coming of the Australian, which to say the best of it seems very doubtful. The phenomenal American crop had 'the effect of surfeiting the various marts, with the natural result of a cheapening in values. An importer remarked to us that good Americans can still be had at 10s. per cwt., and while this w so you cannot expect people to pay 4d. or 5d. per lb. for a slightly better article. Of course, if there should be this competition, Tasmanian, though admittedly a better apple must depreciate. My informant anticipates that there will be a steady demand with gene rally lower prices. Were the freights less heavy of course the Tasmanian fruit could be sold at a muoh cheaper rate. Mr. J. A. Draper, of Covent Garden, says:— 'If a Strong, agitation could be brought to bear in the direction . oJL ..lowering the freights he bad no hesitation in saying that Tasmauian apples would receive a much larger sale, and would be Bold at a price that would place them within the reach of all.' The working. population consumed immense quantities of inferior American apples, but there was no saying what amount of Tasmaniim apples they would con sume . could they be placed within their reach at a reasonable price. There should be a fairly good enquiry for Victorian, which arrive at a later time, provided they maintain their quality and condition aud pack ing are satisfactory. It is small wonder if Westralian and New Zealand vendors of mining properties think Londoners are pigeons whom any fool can pluck when one reads in tho papers such stories as that of the South Nigel Gold Mining Company, now in liquidation. This venture was started two years ago with a glowing prospectus, aud shares have from time to time been freely dealt in on tho Stock Exchange. It came to an end last week with the disappear ance of the secretary (£. It. Elliott), who admitted defalcations to the extent of £3,776. The shareholders then learnt that though their working capital was half gone not a penny had been spent on the mine nor a spade put into the ground. The directors had been doing nothing, and the secretary had been spending the capital on boxes at the Empire and ladies of flexible ethics. ' Tell me,' cried an irate shareholder, 'has a single penny piece been spent on developing the mine.?' ' ' My dear sir,' responded a comrado in afflic tion grimly, ' you don't appear to understand. We have been developing not the mine but Mr. Elliott.' Detectives are now on the latter's track. The mine will doubtless be sold for a few pounds by the liquidator aud may yet make somebody's fortune. But whatever happens the South Nigel Gold Mining Company won't benefit. The February list of Westralian promotions is in marked contrast to that for the corre sponding month last year. In 1S96 the number of companies brought to light waa 41, with an aggregate capital of £7,432,500, whilst this year only eight concerns were brought into existence, with an aggregate capital of £3,405,250. Of this number live were 'financial' companies, and two of tho re mainder reconstructions, whilst a single con j cern, the West Australian and New Zealand Market Trust, accounted for two and a half million of the total capital issued. In February, 181)5, the number of companies brought out wa3 17 and their aggregate capital was £1,730,000. There are at present dozens of West Aus tralian mining companies ready for issue, but the market outiook is altogether too dis couraging for promoters who want an im mediate cash profit. And there nve no indica tions of an early improvement. A February 'boom' was confidently predicted by the prophets of the mining market, but here we i are in tho middJo of March and there's 'nary ! a sign o' one.' Comparisons may be, las Mrs. Malaprop remarked, 'odorous,' i but sometimes one feels compelled to | make them. The West Australian revenue 1 for the current financial year seems likely to | top £3,000,000, but the gold output for the j like period will probably fall short of half this ,' amount. Note these figures and then consider | Mr. Rhodes's complaint as to the excessive revenue raised by the Transvaal Government. I Replying to Mr. Wyndhain, Mr, Rhodes said j — 'At the present moment the revenue is ' about £(3,000,000. I think it is about £5,000,000 ! or £0, 000,000. You will find that the gold out ! put is about £9,000,000, and nearly the whole of the revenue of about ±£,000,000 or £0,000,000 comes from the gold.' The total value of the Transvaal gold ,' output in 1S05 was as a matter of /act 1 £8,577,550, and Mr. lthodes's figures are a bit too high. But accepting them they compare favorably with the West Australian figures. .'The Transvaal revenue of five millions rests ; mainly upon goldiields yielding say eight and \ a half millions, the West Australian revenue ; of £3,000,000 rests also mainly upon goldfields, ' and the output of these (or the current year is ! not likely to exceed in value £1,300,000. Our . gold mining friends in the Transvaal may have ' some reasons for squealing at the rapacity of I the Boer Government, but it would seem that I investors in West Australian mines have a | considerably heavier burden to bear. I Two of Australia's athletic sons have ! worthily upheld the reputation of their | country in the world of sport. The 'Varsity : ' blue' is a sporting honor for which the eoin ' petition is the keenest and the honor highly coveted. All praise then to Mr. J. T. McCaw, who appeared for Cambridge in their annual association battle with Oxford. Mr. McCaw, who stands fully 6 ft., was educated at Charterhouse school, and has appeared with success as goal-keeper for the old Chartersians and the Casuals, the latter a famous amateur combination. He hails from -Victoria. Mr. L. F. Giblin, who comes from Tasmania, has gained the very highest bouovs as a .Rugby forward. In addi tion to getting his 'blue,' he was chosen to play for England against Ireland last season, and on March 13 lie had the distinction of playing1 in the chief Rug- by fixture of the year — England v. Scotland — securing mentiou as being among the pick of the English scrim magers. Whilst competing in the Kempton Park March Steeplechase on Saturday the Aus tralian hurdleracer Ebor broke a blood vessel and had to be pulled up. Mr. Gollan's horse, though carrying the steadier of 12 st. 101b., aud conceding from 10 to 28 lb. to his oppo nents, started a warm favorite for the race and was leading the Held when the mishap occurred. There can be very few regular theatre-goers in any part of the English-speaking world who have not at one time or another seen poor Shiel Barry in his famous impersonation of Gaspard in 'Les Cloches de Corneville.' I saw him play the part when he first took Lon don by surprise in 1878 at the Folly Theatre. The opera had been a big hit in Paris and its success was practically assured beforehand. But everyone supposed the honors of the pro duction would lie with the representatives of Serpolette and the Marquis. Instead both were completely dwarfed by Shiel Barry. His acting used at first to be genuinely creepy, and few who heard his guttural laugh or witnessed his ghastly terror waning into vacant imbecility are likely to forget it. It was a genuine tour de force, years later when I again came across Shiel Barry the Bcene had deteriorated into shrieking melodrama. Gaspard was Barry's destruction as an actor as well as his greatest triumph. He seemed unable to get away from the part and when he did he was still Gaspard. Latterly I fear the poor fellow had a hard time of it. He died in a small Lancashire township. Most people were under the impression that Olga Nethersole's marriage to Dr. Stewart Oliver came off in New York some weeks ago. Now, however, I see it stated the wedding will take place in London in July. Sir John Gorst's son Harold, Who was, I fancy, born in New Zealand, has just brought out a new blend of fiction— a kind of cross be tween novelette and treatise, entitled 'Without Bloodshed, ' Theblessing and safety of thousands as compared with the dangers and misery of millions is the author's theme. He deals with the history of one Mark Smith, who began with a piece of orange-peel as his sole stockin trade and passed through billions to the dock and an early crave. Mr. Gorst has inherited undoubtedly his father's, faculty of seeing all round a subject. He writes carefully and not without a touch of humor, and hie book should be read/with interest, by men and -women of various moods and incomes. ^- :' IT*.' .' '?'„' Colonial visitors who reach London by April 22 may if they possess influence witness, an historic) representation of ' Hamlet.' Mr. Tree has decided to open Her Majesty's Theatre with Shakespeare's tragedy, playing it for one night only. According to present arrangements the cast will include the lessee in the title r61e, with Mrs. Tree as Ophelia, Mrs. Kendal as the Queen, Mr. i Bancroft as Ghost, Kendal as Laertes, Lionel Brough as First Gravedigger and Peuley as Second. Should the new piece, ' Saucy Sally,' at the Comedy not prove a draw, Mr. Charles Haw trey proposes to try his luck on tour in Australia. Everybody likes the volatile Charles, and as the cool liar of farcical ooinedy he is admittedly unequalled ; but his repertoire cannot exactly be termed varied. The names of his parts change, but they are as like one another as peas. This doesn't matter in London, where the actor has his recognised niche, but on tour 1 can imagine it might prove a drawback. Miss Hilda Spoug came up from Eastbourne last Friday specially to play Mrs. Thornton before the Dulse and Duchess of York, who honored the Princesses Theatre with a visit. The duchess expressed herself charmed with the fair Australian's aoting and sent her a gracious message to that effect. On Monday Miss. Spong resumed regular work and on Tuesday there were elaborate souvenirs before the curtain and high jinks behind in connection with the 200th performance of the 'Vagabonds.' 'The Duchess of Coolgardie' is just starting on tour with Miss Dorothy Dene in Miss Spong's part, and Mr. Clarence Holt as the Warden. Mrs. and Miss Spong were amongst the Aus tralians present at tho Kowalski recital on Tuesday afternoon. 