tN THE HICK OF TIME. little MrS Brooke Ł fool? Not a. bit «f it. Plenty of people thought Ster one, misted by her guiletess babyfaec, her engaging airs oi helpless ignora&fee; and the «mpty chatter, which Howel-m unceasingly trom her pretty lips. All'the same tkey were misłaken. Sh>e might lie flleducated, knowing nothfftg of, and caring less -for, £"-cience, art, literature, or politics. Nevertheless, she was qfiiie dever enough to look Mter her oWfc interests, and to be quoted by nine men -out Of ten the nicest •woman ot their acquaintance. At «fighteen, too, sis the Snsignifictnt.daughter or a cotfifnry pareon, she iiad been Sufficiently intelligent to attract the notice of old George Brooke, "Of BrookdBy, to maris-"him, and, in the difficult position of n. Young and Jpretty woman twrl to a. surty husband three times her tege, to conduct herself 'with such cirosraspectlon ss to win ifefc .approval of the county and the confidence of her fiord and mister, who six years later (Tied, leaving her five thousand a year sit her own "disposal. TCet, being but' fcruman, she ted made tier, -elips. It mas of one -of these .slips—She! one gigantfc act of folly of her lite, that, senseless love affair of hers with Phillip* >Tryon—tlntt she was SAunking one- -November afternoon. "I must tave^ >mad," - 1 n si*" jv* told t„M herseJŁ' hamV 1 Mad Kił inOeefl •nHAan to tnl -•Jjave allayed herself -aver to Estes -to tht '"sowsof aSevotion wkicb he *®s -jKJtoti- -ously zaady to lay at the teat of afer -pretty woman; to respond to -"tfcrwn; "Tiay, \- ^nnre, to write those fatally wriprpmfcing letifirs, and tio tt:.«2aii--mi*6i _ i«lestIHite alUce of mercy or łioń<ł!rtvłi®:e "women were concerned. "I-toas mad!" she repeated. -'Sow .made, she had never really realised till that moment! At the timo^Jie episode Ład not troubled taer over silach. Colonel Tyron had come and ąone, had loved, and bad ridden twaj-. Shc^hadcorne to lier senses; the affair was dead and bnried, and there was »3i "end of JU And now, when after six years of -sltvery. cut off from aX the pleasures of"youth— • six years, durisg which, itiedto'tlie chair of a querulous old man.-she paid to the -foil the price of her present libetry—now "that she was admired, ^wealthy, free to consult her own incliiuctinns; now that "the one man She woui£ Shave chosen out <jf the world bad just 3riia at her feet his' :*jame, himself, and his worldly goods:t • now this ghost o£ tihe past must needs = rise again to pull dwivn 'the efłifice or. which her whole fuCure happiness rest- \- ed! Was ever the resuscitation of an olil "love more inopportune? She was disturbed — oppressed by .-a vague foreboding oilU—^when,-arriving at the Finches' for -ił n-eek's covert- • shooting, she fo<m£ Colonel Tyran among the .party. She quite • agreed with her fiance, Sir Oawies Blunt, when he expressed^b'is annoyance at the presence of such ł Tnan. "'I may be straitlaced," he ssiS, 'but, personally, I don't think he oagbt :to 'be allowed in- £ide any decent boose, an'd Tm surprised the Finches should Slave 'lilm here. In a way he is good .company, and a good shot, so that people seem to put up with him. As it is, 3T>u can't h&p; knowing him, I suppost:" "But I do know Tiim aiready, • worse luck!" She coafesseH—where was the use of concealing wiiat 'before long^xnust be 3mown?—"he came -to Brooksby once." Sir James frowajefi. "At all • events, Lave as little to «3o with him <as possible," he said. "That I can SEfeJy promise," -she rejoined "for I like the man asillttle as you do." Never was woman -so sweetly --Gcbmi^ slve to the will of man. Never -was promise more sincere! y ant\ quickly given. "Would, alas! that It might have been kept with equal ^promptitude! - Sirs . Brooke, with łhe Ife^błr -evaeivf tactics •which were all rfie dared to pursue, -was no match for Colonfi Tryon irrtth Jiis obvious determmation -to reneav .ti.-e old relations. "What shall I -do?" >wondered'.iJie untortunate womaiu "He measis to get me to marpy him. vRTiat shall'T do?" Why, refuse him. 'Let him- propose, and have done iTJthiit. A gentleman \- -cannot refuse to accept his dismissal at the hands of s laBy. ' That he should attempt coercion! Oh, impossible! Not -to be thought of! Tel -that was precisely what had happened. Gentleman or cot, Colonel Tryon, not itnree hours-ago, had refused to take no,for an answer. "You don't know yc-ur own mind" he said, coolly. "TTou loved me "before. "Sou will love me again. I ajjivsure of it. We know one onother. We are admirahly suited to one another. Ton will reconsider your decision, I am sirre.'" "Never!" she declared. "How can I, * -crhen I have already- promised.to.marry another man? It is act ot the qufstion. -Indeed, you bat«e -no right to speak to me of marriage art ail, and I muet beg yon not to mention the subject agcin. "I cannot obey you. My claime. remember, are prior to Sir James Blunt's. I must and will enforoe them." "What do yon mean?" She rose impressed by his determination. "What I say. T vrfii never give you up to another man;" . "And I will never give, up Sir Jami-s." "In that case it is łie who will:.frive you up, when thai old correspondence of ours has been submitted to him, ae it most certainly mBl 'be:" Choking with race a»J terror; *She turned upon him, "You dare to -say you «t?iil show—my letters?" she gaspefi- "I -have no eholee. I am not eo poor a lover as to give up the woman X adore •without a single błow. besides, Eli :is •Xair ?ove and wax. -Bee* This is Wed-! sesdaj". Think it over acsfi. after tea <m : Friday 3. will come to.:yon here for my. answer- Be kind. EKa, tc.j-ourself jana io me. Don't drive me to esctremities.; All, .1 swear, shall be well If (only youi -"winisay.-yies."•• 'y ,.".' 'Ailflif I śay ao?" aeimnstsassęide.' : "Tt w31L 6o^ you m ^e crlefi,' -defiantlr. "Toa may ruio zne, łrat I 'wiH Bever. ne^r marry you.** - ] He smllsd. ' : . "Neve: is;a long time," Se -said, -with! <3ie air of -confident euperiortty stse found i 4BO maddeclng. "I know yon better <than you &noiv; yoursdf. I ran .trust to. to pooyo a o yon the worth -of my 3ove arid .constancy, ais as •Jtlie value of a husband's name . and protgetioa. The srarid, resnęmber, is ia cęnsorious one, and ia lone -woman lies comjfetely at the -mexey ot «s»il tongues." She clinched liergittle fists In impotent In®, "You feud—coward!" she died. -"Oh,^if I were only a man!" "Be reasonaMe, EEa. I am no fiend, 210 ^sacmy. ' Believe 'ise, I am youŁ -true' and taithful lov-sr 1 " "Then have mercy upon me! Give me the letters, I beg an{l Implore of yon, and I will be your grateful and devoted] friend -tor life." J He smiled. '' I do not want your friendship, but I wlil give -sou the letters — on our wed-, ding day." . . And Hien ^he broke down completely. TLreats, abuse, tears, pitlfal appeals for mercy—she 4ried them alL TBey pro- -voked reneweg assurances of liie -devoion, tout rao AVit of yielding in Lis purjpose. "Oh, Itwas hard—hard to &•* rained -for mn InUlscreńon of «chlch, too, she eoiieartily repentei- To .lose ell, not "ftte^position and wealth Zor-whJck pAil«mvea, but also the men die foymynth&i; MtelMtialt her heart. And A nA shs n1,n jyosJS nmnlA' **% - i . have made liim so tnso. so tender St wife. Excejrt for Ihc one-false .step, she had been a good v.-ife to old George Brooke. He certainly thought so, Aiid if she had satisfied the husband for whom she cared" so little, tiow much more -would she satisfy the man- she adored! And now all was «v>er! For whatever happened, she mast lose-her lover. Unless "If obSy one could get hold of those letters!" she said to herself. "After all, why not ? In all probability he had them with him. And men are always careless about their keys. Could one not "steal up after pinner? . -. . Surely jiti attempt migtit be męfe." It was made—witt -no result bat the humiliation of being found obł She could have sworn Cfaiit no one b&d; seen her enter or leave Colonel Tyron's room, and that she bad replaced everything precisely as she fóund it, yet -Don't try tlia't on again," -fee said, with a meaning laugh", as hr tvlLhed her. good-night. "iLfe dangeivms; quite -useless, too. They are here," Sapping his lsreast-.iw.cket, "ansd here ithey will reinein—till Friday." All iln-oujrli the long watches of n. sleepless liiglit Mrs Enooke turned and tossf-3 iin despair. "What -shall I di}?" The tho^u she greaned. of^suicide"at "Włuat shśla on^Tcrossed? I do?' her mind, <.niy to be niba&doned.; Shewas both too brave aad too -cowardly not to *flgill the fight ioat to the bitter een r were ^ ^ a rołm. r woula \- " drag Hit; letters from sum -by- force,' she. v«ńred tbroaę.1 ber -set ;teetli. VTtll, she not a nus, )nt theis -were »ten —Bob launders, for iiriBtonce. He *ras. oomieg tlie -ne^t . ŚsF- -He tnight lielp ber. was the tpery m«n to -bdp her.i Notfe'lover! Seaven ®ćłjtd! : Levers cherfeh strange 1d«a3s and delusions, which it does not^o to ilisturij. Besides, lovfe are selfish folk. They dojL't do anything for nolłilng. No! Bffb was just the oldest, the best,3.nd most staunch friend slie bad in the world, "neither nuiking any pretence eti perfection him- s«Sf nor expecdiing it from his associates: vrtth the kindest of hearts, too, through which his sotrad 'head might sorely be worked upon. More—he detested p-olonel Cryvm. She remembered with re- Jief now, e«ai in the rfd days. Bob had warned her ^gains' 1 the man At the time she laughed at the warningthought it jjaaJousy. -If only she had listened ! Never nilnd: Bob would help her now—51 not for'iove of her, then for hatred of Jier enemy. She hastened to 'eorafide in him. Drawing him into the -conservatory after dinner. "I've made .a terrible goose of myself, do yon knó»T she sighed. "Been and gone and done'foc myself entirely." Mr Sasztders vcs&a; man of few words. "What is it?" lie ateked. " Man or monpy T "Man—Colonel Tryon. He is bent on getting me to niGrrv bim. What am I to do?" "Refese Tiim." "I cssft. I daneh't. Ob. Bob, if you only ksiew how wretched I am! The fact is I was i3iot eaoagh to write him. some "tetters years ago, and now he threatens—imagine what a scoundrel he most be"!—that if' I .don't throw over Sir James Blunt'he will send him the letters. He'll do it,' too, the brute!" Mr Saunders aid not -waste time in invective. "Are they 1iad?" he merely askea. "Awful! .Tames .would never forgive them. -I should 'die. If only I could get -hold -ot them! Thave done everything I could think of. "Pve raged, begged, prayed, nearly gone on my knees to him. I'm in despair. Oh, Bob, wouldn't you^couldTft you help me?" WhjSt cocld Tie do? Expostulate, and be told to mind' bis own business? Use force? "The days Of duelling are past. Besides, -to brawl over a woman wouldbe a-strange way of ^helping her to keep her reputation. -"As for threats, theymust "be empty ones. Any attepipt to show iip 'flie man must recoil a thousandfold on the •woman's' head, as no one knew l>etter than' Tryon. would know. Yet, looking at" her miserable face. Iter eyeE laden with -tears, her lips piteously qui vering, v now cobid "be tell her all this? "Til do \vhat'I can," he said; whereupon Mrś Brooke, the enviable capacity of throwing her cares "by the simple expedient shiESng tliem to the shoulders of some other person, went-happily to bed and to sleep. Tt was a croel and unexpected blow to her when the following morning, in answer to ber interrogative glances, be shook bhi bead. "Very sorry," he said, "Did my best, and got roundly snubbed for my pains. He won't give them up." "He won't?" she asked blankly. Hie women bad gone out to watch the Ghosting, and she was standing with him In a ride alone. "Can't yon make him?" "Only by making a scandal, which Is the very thing we want to avoid.' "Then can nothing be done?" To his infinite riliff she didn't cry. All the baby softness" bad lefts ner face, whieb was set and Tiard. "Why not -tell Blunt ^yourself in your own *ray and chance itY" he suggested, feebly. She !took no notice of- the words. "I wish 1 were a-nian," she^aid abruptlv. "Why?" "I would kill that scoundrel." And then she laughed. "As it is, being a woman. sH 1 fcan-fio is to gtf home aijd cry. Good-bye. I can't stay here to talk and laugh and -make believe. I'll be off. Tou car. tell James I have a headache. No, don't come-with me. It's not half, a mile, and rd sooner be tlone. Safe? Of course Tm perfectly safe. I'm not going near the gtsns." No sooner bad she gone than he was sorry forSt. Accidents happen so easily. In her desperate frame of mind she would certainly not take precautions • agoinst danger. She might even conrt it. He ' ought not -to have let ber -go intil the drive, at all events, »vas oyer. Yet, wŁen a lady "tells one Sbe would rather be-alone—^ •^oor little -soul!" he refleoted. • "'I shouldn't Jbe sorry ff Tryon difi get be- Ąnd then, bearing ^ shot, he decided just to look round the corner anfi see If sbe-wereśafe out of covert.' Hełooked. Well ! Odd creaUires women, -to be sure?!. There E^ie was, with a mai just iniside the covert—Tryoa, of all men, too —laughing and talking away with 'iiim, Growing her. preiSy aimjyles, aind smiling op Into his face «with- Stat charmfcgly confiding way or Łers. ' Bob shook "his bead. "Tiying to make a fool of biin." he'refieeled. "Thai won't .do. Tryon's too old -a bird to be caiigStt. with SEGh chatC" But itere the advent of-a fine oxfe( pheasmt sailing along effectually dl-- v«ted ids thoughts. And here came another, and another. Bigbt, left, behind, fn front—^ie -air was fidl of tliem. And so. in this hottest conwr-of a wellstocked eovert, wltb a strong «nnd driving the. birds ecross the tall dops of a belt of to. Mr fiaucders for the next, ten minutes bad jieither time nor inclination ts give his mind to anything but the work of slaughter. At last tbe caunonade grerr less and less/ dwindling to An occasional stray sbot, and . here were the beaters. WelJ. lIke all jgood tbingE, it was over. No, not quite A laat shot rang out—Tcyon, of course! Wbai luck tbe man had! The T>Irds Eimpiy rfly. into his joontfa. Not th&t; Mr Sanaders had anything to ccttnplaln of B£ be nut hisjg-un at fcalf- cock.-coirplacently surveyed a small heap empty cartridge-cases and a^biglieap of birds, and strolled towards Jiis ieft-hand aeigbbor. Nor did be complain He just -expressing- Oie opinion <ha£ i! lluiAwiMttf WlAetf kkkhnMb, mama ^^ 'nęnt l' had jaegUfl, «ne I would have much to find, ftcult with, when a scream—a womabV ciy - for help—startled the pair, fifed sent them post faaste down the ride, round the corner out ot the covert. There, just outside, lay Colonel Trron on the. ground, 'with a frightful wound in his head, from. Which the blood was pouring in streams. Mrs Brooke, by his side—her dress and hałlds all bedabbled with blood, Uer face white and rigid—rushed at them. "He shot himself!" she whispered hoarsely, pointing to the prostrate man. " He did it himself. 1 " And then sip? burst inte a wild St of L-iughter. wliich ended in a dead faint. He did Tt himself ? Of course — who else could bave done it? The louder had gone te search of a badly woureded Ijird, and Mrs Brooke had started bomewapSs. Hearing bra- name, she torned. Colonel Trj-on was burrj-ing after her, when lie slipped and fell ai her feet. Qnit« so. There -was the projecting roeff-of the tree over which he must have tripped, discharging his sun, the contents of which lodged in >3ie light car and caused instant death.. A most defSorable accident. No one ever thought otherwise, except Mr Saunflers. He 'might betieve—as a matter of f-ict he did believe—that Mrs Brooke herseSf, nDt »Hnd fate, was responsible for the removal of ber enemy from her path. This belief, however, be bats carefully kept to himself. After "all. it was no business of bis. The man was a brute, who richly deserved anything he might get. For Hie rest—the letters vanished, and there was an end of tbe matter. All the aune, Mt- Saanders bas cever seen Us way TO accepting of tbe frequent intfitoJaonsBlven bim bySirJames Blunt. : .He'ts delighted to hear of the domestic felicity enjoyed by bis old friend, but be does not care to witness it. To teH tbe truth, be bas a distinct aversion to any farther communication with Łady Blnnt; nor, as he shrewdly suspects, is Hie sight of turn particularly agreeable to ber.— "The World.-" 