EARTHQUAKES. AT the recen!; meeting of the Bril uh ABEO ciaticn in Canada i'rofessor John Milne, F. KS., give the eeoond publio lecture oa " Earthquakes and Volcanoes " He prac- tically confined himself to the answers of two very ordinary questi- m-First, what were the causes leading to displays pf seismic and volcanic activity? and,se- condly, what were the benefits we could txpect to obtain by studying the same! In Japan there was a poetical conceit that beneath the Empire there lived a gigantic catfish, which, when it wagged its tail or moved ita eyelids, shook the earth. Other snbterranf an monsters were tte elephant of the Mussulman, the male of India,and the hog of the Celebes and Mongoli t. After the shoes in Severn Valley at the end of last year he received a letter which at great length endeavored to prove shat all;'the commotion was tb be attributed to an earth- quake-producing serpent whioh had been , buried beneath London, but which' had escaped to the atmosphere and could from time to tin e be seen hovering above Trafal- gar Equare.- Beneath Kamschatka a god ' called Tuil has been pictured, driving with sleigh and dogs over subterranean snows, whilst beneath Scandinavia there was the imprisoned Loki, who, by his restlessness, shook our world. The 19th century belief respecting earthquakes is that they are the result ol rocky strata being bent-as in the process of mountain formation-beyond the limits of their elasticity. They tell os that adjustments have taken place in the earth's crust. Wherever rooky masses are being folded there wu get earthquakes. If these foldings aro near an ocean water soaks inwards, a Bteam pressuro is created, and , tho molten rock and water from time to timo find an exit by volcanoes. The. reason that rock-folding exists is that the ernst, of our earth is not sufficiently strong to sup- port itself above a nucleus which is gradually growing smaller by loss of beat Mr. Milne stated that many rules and formals had beon arrived at respecting construc- tion in earthquake countries, and in Japan it was now clearly recognised that ordinary engineering practice as applied to embank- ments, piers for bridges, tall chimneys, the ' framing of ordinary dwellings, and other structures was to be avoided. The applica- tion of seismometry to measure the irregular movements of locomotives has resulted in new forms of balancing the same. The in- creased steadiness thus obtained is, among other thing«, accompanied by a marked saving in fuel ¿y the ase of seismograph* along the coast of Japan submerged area« of seismic activity have boen mapped through which it would be dangerous to lay a cable. Prior to the two great earth- quakes which last year dovusted North Japan, at three magnetic observatoriea ia that country the instruments* showed un- usual movements, commencing iu both cases several days before the final collapse. The greatest magnetic perturbations were some I hours before the shocks, whilst afterward*, when seismic strain had been relieved, the magnetographs behaved in a normal manner. The study of seismic sounds, which are only heard on rocky Btrata, which do nob travel far from their origin, which are not accompanied by perceptible movements, and which only occur from time to time, has been tho means of laying many ghosts and re-establiBhed the reputation of country, mansions. Hats at Hart's "welly good."* The West Australian Savings Bank returns for the month of September Bhow that 1C97 accounts were opened, 280 re- opened, and 1649 closed. The increase of deposito over withdrawals was £34,048, and the balance to the credit of depositors waa £992,800. During September £76,810 wai sent away from the colony in money orders. Of this sum £35,247 waa sent to Victoria, £15,000 to Now South Wales, and £11¿000 to South Australia. Tho amount sent out ' of the colony in money orders during the* past threo months his been £223,287. Palings, fencing wire. Prest and Hooking* A married woman named Minnie M'Lean, 29, loaiding at the Macleay River, was ad- mitted to the Sydney Hospital under peculiar ciroumstanccb recently. Mrs. M'Lean had inadvertently swallowed a portion of a set of false seeth, which had berome embedded in her threat. The teeth were extracted through an opening; in the throat, a'ter considerable difficulty, Dr. Goode performsng the operation The pa- tient ia weli on tho way to recovery Hats at Hart's " welly good."* The colonial premiers have reached the Pinnacle of Fame ! Their portrait« now appear in an advertisement for a well-known soap. 