THE FEDERATION CONVENTION. FOUBTH DAT. MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. SIB B. G. BARER CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. INTEREST INCREASING. The fourth day's sitting of the Federation Convention was more interesting than its pre decessors. Upon bo subsequent day has the attendance been enu.il to that of the ODenincr lialf-bonr, but yesterday the galleries wore well patronised, and nowhere more so than the ladies' and legislators'. The audiences wore decidedly attentive, and the speaking showed »n improvement. When the President, Hon. 0. C. Kingston, took the Chair at 10:30 a.m. about twenty-five delegates were present. Others came in later, ascept Mr. Trcnwith and Mr. Lyne, who are both on the sick-list. Mr. J. T. Walker, New South Wales, gave notice of motion for retarn as to the indebted neas of each colony, and Dr. Quiok, Victoria, as to the nature of the country to be carved by and cost of a transcontinental and branch lines to Wottorn Australia and Queensland. \- After a pause of a fo*.v inomeura the Presi dent announced that be wa* in receipt from tho Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonies, through His Ereelloncy the Governor, of a message from Her Majesty the Queon. [Here the member* and the gallery occupants rose to their feet.] The President then read the following Royal message :— I have received Her Majesty's commands to desire you to acquaint the Federal Convention that she takes special interest in their pro ceedings,and hopes that under divine guidance their labours will result in nractical benefit to Australia. I desire to add my own cordial wishes for successful result, which will con duce to dignify and strength of empire.— J. Chamberlain.' *. At tho suggestion of the President tit* members gave three hearty cheers for the Queen. , . The Hon. Sir G.Turner, Victoria, moved that $e Hon. Sir R, C. Baker be appointed Chairman of Committees. The Son. Sir E. C.iBraddon, Tasmania, seconded. .The Hon. Sir R, C. Baker, South Australia, submitted himself to the Convention,- but if the sitting* wore unduly prolonged he might hare to ask to be reliovcd, as he had to contest an election at the end of May. The motion was carried with cheers. ?....? At ^0.40 r the. Hon. J. Carruthers,. New South :WaIes, took up the debate on Federa tion fundamentals, congratulating the cause on the fact that Sir Henry Parkes's mantle had fallen on Mr. Barton. Having dealt with tho limitations of compromise, he went on to express the bopo that the Premier* would return from, London with extended authority in New Guinea. If they limited Federal taxa tion to Customs, they restricted the right of a majority hereafter to impose direct taxation An example in point was protectionist America, which could uot impose an income tax. Touching finance, the Convention wanted not so much the wisdom within its membership a* tho best information from experts without. A Select Committee should bo forthwith ap pointed to collect evidence on finance. The cnort snouiu be directed to reduce ami simplify governments and reduce public ex penditure. He was jjlad to hear that free borders was the chief object of federation. New South Wales had long desired it. But they did not want to change the venue from the Customs to the railways. It would be bettor to place them absolutely under federal control. ' If you fjderatu without federating the railways it is like marrying . a girl and leaving her at the Church .door.' Hu favoured another Select Committee to take ovidenco as to railways. States must liavo equal, representation ;in the Senate, but the powers of the Sonata must be restricted if taxation aud representation were to .go togotber. Should the' smaller States bav* the right to mould the finances, of the larger ones? They must look iv the common sense and good faith of the people to prevent deadlocks, which led him to adopt the referendum. Ha objected to the establishment of a Federal Court of Appeal to make another hurdle for litigants. If they did away with the appeal to tho Privy Council they sot up at great cost an inferior in place of a superior tribunal. *' Our Supremo Courts can delay as well as any. Courts in the world.' An to th« capital. Mr. Carruthors enumerated various claims of tho mother colony, aud mentioned that 2yew Sooth Wales had seniority, the key of defence, and the head of tho Church of England. Many members smiled, but Mr. Peacock provoked a roar by adding ''But Vic toria has the head of the Salvation Army.' If they were not to havo the power to secede, then, the neoplo must have ample power to amend the. Constitution, otherwise^ civil wars might 'follow: At 11.28 3Ir. Carruthers,; who is a free and fluent speaker, concluded amidst cheer*'. :,''-. '. ?','' ' ._ ''_ ? - ?'?.-. ??; Mr. ' Biggins, v the democratic member for Geekrag and. leader of- tio Equity Bar in Victoria^ ? complained of . ' the ' aimless ness of ,tbe ^resolutions. :...?. He 'wanted to bear tho .members' ! of the Sydney Convention give their; views. ... ? He criticited tho wording- of the resolutions, and pointed out that thero.shoold be no alteration of a territory without the consent of the Federation as well as .tho .State. He objected to give tho National Assembly perpetual existoncu. - He applauded Sir Richard Baker for going direct to the heart of State rights. ; Sir Richard said, 'You cannot have responsible government with responsi bility to two Houses.' Sir Richard drew ths * corollary— 'Don't bavo responsible govern mout.' Ho drew the corollary— 'Don't have responsibility to two Houses.' Ha did not make u fotish of responsible govern ' incnt, but as tlio people were used to it he preferred to start with it Under responsible (,'overumeutaMiuistrycouldaet with greater promptitude, and there was a leader. Sir Jtichanl said, ' The Cabinet syeteni will kill Federation, or Federation will kill it' But Sir Richard argued in a circle :— Federation was only federation with equality of : both Houkv. But Sir Richanl' bad; him self pointed out that -the ??' essence of federation was a dual citizenship, not the accident of two Houses. If, as' Sir. Edward Braddon said, tbo government must'rost on the House of llepresenUtiven, then they must refuse to the Senato the power to amend Money Bills. The timo for compromise had not arrived ; it was theoccasiou for frank expression. Hu opposed equal representation of States in tho Senate. JJciogites from ? smaller States appeared to think thoy would always bo smaller. The whirligig of time might sea New South Walcsashcupwalk, and Tasmania a busy hiro. Mr. Solomon— But we sra seeking to protect New'South Wales whrn sho becomes a sheepwalk. Mr. Higgins then quoted Bryco to show that the question of l.-irffc against small Stales had not arisen in America. Mr. Gordon— Because of the ad justment in equal representation. Mr. Higgins- You differ from Bryce. The true protection of small States lie* in the restric tion of subjects to the Federal Parliament. Forinstansc. Queensland nnghtstipulate before entering federation that she should have leave to deal specially with tho coloured labour question. Tho small State3 would hold tbo balance of power as again«t the larger. What uver might be said against government by majority, government by niiuority was worse. The daugcr to States wat. in the proposal to leavo the selection of senators to the Parlia ments, which disturbed local politics with Federation issues. If ho were a candidate for Nebraska ho would be asked 'Which senator will you vote for':'' and upon bis reply ha might be returned on a ticket. State affairs being totally subordinated to fcdaral politics. The franchise should lxs federal, and embo died in the Constitution. Ho strongly sup ported womanhood auurace; but tho federal minimum should ha uniform manhood suf frage. A discussion as to th* peculiarity if South Australian women elicited that Mr. Higgins would restrict ? their rote for tho present to State affairs. Be did not intend to commit himself upon .(finance, though he felt strongly on theiniquity of the proposal in the 1891 BUL As regarded deadlocks, he opposed joint sittings of Houses, one representing the people and tho other a class. Sir W. Zeal— Bat your franchise is the aame for both Houses. Mr. Higgins— If jon give the Senate special advantages it repre sented a minority. The hon. member, who is a powerful debater, measured in utterance and cogent in argument, sat down amidst choers at 12.35 p.m. Mr. B. R. Wise, New South Wales, pro ceeded to demolish the previous speaker's argument against equal representation in tho Senate. Equal representation was at least a practical necessity for federa tion. 'One State one vote' equally as democratic as 'one man ono vote.' After paying a high compliment to Sir R. Baker for bis address, he yet felt compelled to allow the predominance of the lower Houso in the matter of the purse. (Sir Gkergo Turner— Would yon allow the Senate to amend tho Customs line by lino?) Hr. Wise — Yes. Why should not a S'ite bate the power to resist to the utmost soy danger to its industry t He hoped they would not be scared by ghosts of dead con troversies, and would permit the Scnr.te to amond . Money Bills, but not Appro priation Bills. Suppose the Conven tion insulted upon adult suffrage, who could assure that each colony would carry it out! He believed that they would get a more liberal franchise in the Federal Parliament than in the Convention. At four minutes to 1 Mr. Wise came to deadlocks, and suggested the adjournment for lunch. In the afternoon, Mr. Wisa, harking back to Mr. Higgins'a argument as to State rights, pointed out that tho States desired protection gainst logrolling for Ministerial purposes. Would Mr. O'Connor give the Senate power to amend a Loan Bill? (Sir George Turner— That is more important than the Appropria tion Act) Mr. Wise— Undoubtedly, bacause the Loan Bill might be used as an engine of oppression. Was it necessary to provide against deadlocks? Had they always been disadvantageous? Had they not frequently been through the undue exercise of powor? The only way to prevent deadlocks was to create a despot As to both Houses sitting, suppose a minority in the Houso of Representatives became a majority and the Ministry resigned, what would happen? (Sir George Turner— Go to the people.) Mr. Wise— And the same result would probably happen, leaving no solution of the problem. It would be better to ran the risk of difficulty than invent unworkable mechanical contri vances. As to taxation, if the Federal Government were endowed with a large piece of territory it would be advantageous as pro viding a steadily growing income. He suggested the banding over of a portiou of Northern Australia. (Mr. Gordon— Without consideration?) Mr. Wise— Taking over the liabilities. Suppose a discovery were made in Northern Australia, one of tho colonies would overshadow the others to the danger of federa tion, whiloif it belonged to the FcderalGovern ment as soon as population warranted it would be carved into a new State. He concurred with Mr. Carruthers that tho Federal Government must take over the rail ways, because he agreed with Mr. Glynn that an Interstate Commission of Management would be a failure. One colony had already refused to give information as to-railway rates. How would a Commission get it? Mr. O'Con nor—It mu3t have power to make enquiry. Mr. Wise— Mr. Grant knew that books could be produced which showed a condition of things that did not exist. (Mr. Gordon — That's rough on Grant) (Laughter.) Mr. Wise— I went on a principle. (Mr. Gordon No principle atalL) (Laughter.) Mr. Wise, in answer to the question as to trunk lines and feeders, said experts pointed out that they could not be managed on different systems. It had been taken for granted that the post and telegraph service would bo taken over. (Mr. Holder— It should not be so taken.) Mr. Higgins— The South Australian postal service pays, and New South Wales docs not (Laughter). Mr. Wise remarked that a com mon postal service and federal defonce neces sitated a federal railway with uniform gauge. The annual saving would be half a million a year. (Mr. Frascr— The coat of alter ing the gauge would be millions of money.) Mr. Wise— If it cost £4,000,000 it would not take many yean to pay it off with the annual saving. The aliena tion of federal territory should be prohibited. He dwelt with satisfaction upon the preamble to the resolution 'in order to enlarge the powers of self-government of the people of Australasia,' which was markedly superior to the preamblo of the Sydney Bill, reciting that people of Australia had decided to unite. The fatal objec tion to Mr. Glynn's proposal to utnizo the services of State- Judges for the Federal Court was that it would make the Federal Govern ment dependent upon the States Govern ments. (Mr. Glynn — 'That tells against in ternational arbitration.') Mr. Wise did not follow the analogy. To prevent cor ruption of tho Civil Service ho would provide in tbo Constitution that public servants should hold office daring good behaviour or until cause shown by the Executive. (Sir George Turner— To apply to a telegraph messenger; bah!) Mr. Wise, who considered the provision absolutely necessary, sat oown amidst cheers at 2.45, having fully sustained his high reputation as a bright and clever speaker. He has a musical voice, graceful manner, and brims over with pertinent information. The Hon. John Henry, of Tasmania, who regarded the debate as educative of public opinion, also wanted, like Mr. Higgins, to hear the Convention members of 189L He was op posed to experimental legislation. He regarded the crux of the question to be finance. The initial mistako in the Bill of 1391 was touch ing the Customs revenue until there was a uniform tariff. The 'ni'fokn should not be repeated. The colonies should not be inter fered with until the Federal Government levied taxes. A uniform tariff would lead to temporary hardship, and therefore the Con stitution Act should not come into force without two or three years' notice. He agreed with Mr. Wise that the Senate should be allowed to amend Money Bills, and shadowed a scheme for taking over the national debts with the Customs. He opposed federaliang the railway lines and federal direct taxation with two exceptions. Mr. Henry is a plain, practical politician, who is not afraid to express his views. Beginning at 3.36, Mr. Symon occupied two hours. Though his easy delivery was taking with the visitors, Adelaide's great Q.C. was not in his best form. Some points were elaborated rather too fully, but the speech throughout was one of great ability. Contrary to former practice in tho debate, ho indulged in a peroration which took him beyond the limit of the sitting, but tho President permitted him to finish unchecked. As to what the smaller States might oxpect from the larger, he described the speeches of Messrs. Carruthers and Higgins as thobano and tbo speech of Mr. Wise as the antidote. He trusted that the Convention would give the Premiersa draf tot the Federal Constitution to play an important part iujthe London cele brations. Mr. Symon did not claim to be a financial expert, because his professsion could not keep money. Sir George Turner— We never get it (Laughter.) Mr. Symon— Sir George is a brilliant exception who proves tbe rule. (Laughter.) The slashing leader of the South Australian Bar argued for the establishment of a Foderal Court of final appeal. As to the federal franchise, he did not approve of forcing adult suffrage upon the other colonies. He differed from Sir R. C. Baker, preferring responsible govern ment to co-equal Houses, but would strengthen the Senate by giving it power to amend as well as reject Money Bills. In this connection he made a strong feature of the suggestion that responsible government was absent from the American Constitution, because it was not known when it was framed. The President was fashioned liko a king, and tho Cabinet liko the Privy Council. Ii the drafting were now, tho Premier would be fashioned like the Premier. This idea tickled the fancy of delegates, who conjured up Pre miers tt fa Reid, Turner, Kingston. Braddon. Forrest, or all combined. Mr. Symon was not oaly cheered by the delegates but applauded by the public at the end of his eloquent perora ion. Mr. Holder secured the adjournment oi the debate. To meet a requirement of tho Standing Orders, formal leave of absence was granted to the Western Australian delegates and Mr, Trenwith. The Convention rose at 5.36 p.nu 