SHE LIGHT THA T CAST KO SHADOW. Carious stories are told about the power* possessed by certain Datives of India, who live up among the Himalaya Mountaiasv Theec old men, it is said, have devoted ecores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world keews nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts/1 as these queer Bisdva are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable Dcrforniancee. They treated him rather econrfly, bat interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit mannscripte. An adept west with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a welL ' I can't see to read here,' said the visitor. 'Then we will Lave £ome light/' vras the replj*j &Bd; immediately (the professor eays) a eoft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one etraBge quality — it cast not the elijhtC't sliadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a TPan of vast learning &nd; bight reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast- shadows. Belief or an belief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson enified at tbe account of tbe Lisbon earthquake, yet credited tlie tale of the Cock Lane Ghost. A man who bas been zll lor some years, and failed to find a cure, ib sceptical when friends tell him cf a medicine which they believe will make him weH. What else but doubt could result from fnr experience ? Take aft example: — ?«lo the spring of 18S6.' writes ouf correspondent, ' I fell inter* low, weak, and languid state,. I felt low-fipiriied1 and out of eortt. At Bret my etoi^ach war Asrangedy my appetite poor, and aftei' eating I Mdpaaif and weight ct tbe chest. I t™8 ftnch' troubled with wind, and fretfncnt*'7 spa' *fe' a Eour fluid, also bitter tile. Latet' °° * suffered from nervousness sett great depre»-»*-jn of spirits. I kept up with my woi%f- but Into always a sense of discomfort. Off and on £ con finned in this way for two yeafry notlringf that I rook relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured tf sap ply. After I had taken only a few dose# I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all Dervousness left me Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in thiB medicine, never having used it 'or seen it UBEt?, I now gladly admit its value, ao4 its power over disease. Since my recovery, far which I thank Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of Buffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimoBjj (Signed; D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, 8th June, 1S93.' There is a deal of difference between Mr, Griffith's candid letter and the story about' the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble tDaa it is worth. On tbe other hand we have £ trust-; worthy witness, who will answer letter* ef inquiry, and cun be found at his address. finally, tncre is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forme, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearts and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. Aod that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. The Rev. A. E. Fox, who has been in charge of the North Rockhampton circuit of the lVimitive Methodist Church for the ltsi live years, has been ofiered and accepted the position of Superintendent of the South Bris bane circuit. Mr. Fox will leave for Brisbane The Police Magistrate, as Chairman of the Licensing Authority, granted permission on Monday to Andrew Butler, licensee of the Railway Hotel, Yeppoon, to have a booth at the Yeppoon races on the let of January, also to hive music and dancing on bis licensed premises on the nights of the 27th of December and the 1st of January. Permission was granted to Carl M oiler, licensee of the Dundee Hotel, Dundee, to have a booth at the Dundee races on the 3rd of January, also to have fpfjigr*. and dasong on his licensed premises in the evening. A booth license was granted to T. C. Mickay, licensee of the Railway Hotel, Westwooa, fot Ihe race's at Westn-ood on Boxing Day. 