THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. Cuitious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who Jive up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have dovoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of tho world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the (t adepts," as these queer Hindus arc called, for the purpose of finding out the Becret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather sourvily but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with Mm to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark aa tho bottom of a well. "I can't see to read, horo," said the visitor. 11 Then we will havo some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened tho cave. Ho could not tell whence it came, but he noticod that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slightest ? ihadow. ! This ia a story hard to bolievo, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high eharaoter, and you who now rend ifc have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experi* once. Dr Johnson sniffed afc the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost, A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when frionds tell him j of a medicine which they beliove will make him well. What elso but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example " In the spring of 1888," writes our corres pondent, " I fell into a low, woak, and languid state. I felt low spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach WAS deranged, my appetite poor, and aft er eating I had paiu and weight at tho chest. I was much troubled v ith wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter ' bile, Later on I Buffered from nervousness and | great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a Bense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two yoars, nothing that I took relieving me. At last 1 heard of Mother Sesgel's Syrup »nd pro cured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I founa relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervoueness left mo. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, 1 now gladly admit its value, and its power ovor disease. Sinco my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seieel's Curative Syrup, I have been in tho best of health and spirits, lu the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith's candid letter and the stoiy about the light that cast no shadow, Tho latter may bo true enough, but it caunot bo verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand wo havo a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can bo found at: his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup.: It a-ts on the theory that moat ailments aro but symp toms, forms, or phases of that-universal disease \- indigosbion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over j hearths and hom> a where illness aud p tin had 1 cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its bucccss by eager witnesses. 