A GREAT: tttlG;; or., tub ;; 3IYSTJEJIY OF FLACK follow a i; as of. CHAPTER X — (Costkued.) Ignore drew back with a stilted cry, bnlf suffocated by the foul air that came rushing U1“ All indy sort of place, my dear,” pro ceeded Sir Geoffrey, as he replaced the pane), and von have not seen the woist of it. ■ It is tin old dungeon in which the border chiefs used to bury their criminals when they were doomed to death by starvation. There are dead men’s ghosts, and other loathsome thingo down there, Miss Trevethon 1. Such a place would not suit ft dainty lady like you, who has been used to satin-bung boudoirs, e:i, my dear ?” The revolting picture he had drawn mado I.enore shudder. <• While inv son and his supposed bride, be continued", “ will be on their bridal tour, yjii. mv dear, will be there, where the dead men's bones mould r, dying a living death. The girl’s lips quivered painfully, and a deadly faintness crept over her, but her glorious eyes still (lashed indignantly. In the face of the merciless guardian who held her life in his hands, in the face of his son, watching her with evil exultation,inthe face of this horrible death he had threatened, she did not quail. ‘•I sav nothing, only what I have already said, Sir Geoffrey,” was her quiet answer. The baronet chuckled incredulously. 11A life of luxury and pleasvre, as my son’s wife, is certainly preferable to being 'buried alive, my dear, anti you are too sensible a gir; to waste an instant in deciding between tile; two. Come, now. take llichmond’s arm, and let the mairi we proceed. Oncc-bis wife, of course, von give your word to keep silent touching "to-night’s adventures, and not another thing is required of you. If you and your bridegroom do not happen to hnd your selves verv much in love alter marriage, yon will not be foreod to bill and coo..l You may set up separate establishments if you like, follow your own wills, aud plcuse yourselves as you fancy your fortune will warrant it." Once more the waiting bridegroom ad vanced to take iiis bride's hand. She turned upon him with haughty indig ‘.ft had ever dreamed of obeying my poor father's will, if I had ever thought of becom ing your wife, do you think I would do so now she cried. *' I now know you both ns you arc, f:/her and son, a pair of mur derers ! 1 sav again, as I said before, there is some mistake. You are not of the Trevethon ' Sir Geoffrey, gnashing his lectli in hia anger, drew a dagger from hia breast, and flashed it before her eyes. ■* Silence he thundered, ” or I'll drive it lnlt-dccp into your heart.” She eluded his grasp and darted across the room, tore aside the tattered curtain, and shivered the glass in the window with a single blow of her dainty hand. “ Murder hntirder !” she cried, her voice ringing likcasilvez trumpet above the clamor of the storm. The baronet and his son both burst into mocking laughter. You may shout yourself hoarse,” said her guardian, 11 but no one will hear you, Do nut forget, Miss Trevethon, that you are in the Haunted Manor I” The girl shuddered from head to foot, but she put her face to the broken pane and cried out again “ Murder 1 Murder 1” Sir Geoffrey strode across the room and clutched her arm. “ Come, we have had enough of this,” he said, his face working with anger, his cruel fingers impressing themselves upon her arm, ‘‘ Lenore Trevethon, for the last time I ask you, will you marry my son ?” “ I will not,” was her unhesitating answer. 