DID JUNE FAIL ? CHAPTER V. THE TELLING OF THE SECRET. The next morning, when all June's manifold duties in the house were over and done, she raced out as usual into the garden. A patch of colour on the graBB near the Allisons' side took her eye, and ghe went to investigate. A group of magnificent wild poppies lay struggling there, just as if they had been fluna from a heieht. ' Good gracious ! she's done it !' ejaculated June, clasping her hands tragically. ' Guess again,' said Roy, bobbing into sight from behind the fence. ' Didn't she ?' 'No.' ' Whit did she do ?' ' Took them rather ill- temperedly, and — ' 'And what ?'' ' And eaid that it was late in the day for me to be tronbling myself about anything for her.' ' And what did you say to that ?' 'After boiling over, inwaraly, I put; on rne voice | of a lamb, and said : * You are perfectly right, Sarah ; I have been a brute, but I am going to try to mend.' Then t closed her hand oyer the flowers, and slipped out of the room.' ' Oh, ynu nice boy !' 'I rather think so myself,' said Roy-- com- placently, jumping into June's garden. ? , . ,, ' Cojno right in,' said she, ironically. , ? ? - 1 'Thanks; I will.' ' But what flowers are these ?' . '* ThnRp T hrnucrht fnr vnu. Wanfc' them?' ' Indeed I do,' she said, vastly pleased, as ; he gathered them up and handed them to her. 'How's sisier Leila, sister June?' 'Leila! oh, Leila!' shrieked June, like a musical calliope. 'Do you want me?' asked the owner of the nam?, appearing at the distant door, with the in evitable bonk in her hand. 'Come and see what I've found,' urged June. Thus invited, Leila came out and joined the group, sitting down on the graBB with a hope of being able to go on with her story when dircct attention was not required. ' What have you found ? asked she. ... 'A brother! A beauty!' breathed June, with fervour. That beauty, serenely enjoying the ? friendliness of the two girls, filled his hands with small pebbles, and began to flick them at the astonished .Misfit, who sought for the perpetrator of the outrage in the gentle sky above her. ' Stop that I' commanded Misfit's mistress. ' My intentions are very kind. It does not hurt her.' 'You can't tell whether it does or not,'. June insisted. ' Besides, it'B a brutal instinct. And. anyway, you might pelt.her with something soft.' 'Can't aim straight with a soft missile,' argued Roy. ' Moreover, it's not a brutal instinct at ill. It's jUBt the sportsman's instinct, to see if I can hit what I aim at.' ' In that case,' declared June, with decision, ' you can aim at something without; any feelings ; and when you must bestow your attention upon Mis-fit, do it with tbeBe' — and she stuffed into his hand a number of white daisies. ' Right you are said Roy, accepting the weapons. 'I will adopt your advice; but if once in a while I were to waft a daisy at that oak, and hurl a rock at Misfit, you must promiEe to overlook it.' ' I will not,' said June, firmly. Then they all hurst out laughing, and with the sound of the lazy hilarity Sarah appeared. She limped down to the fence, and stood leaning upon her crutch, looking over at them. ' You all seem bo happy,' she ? said fretfully. She -wore a wild poppy in her dress, to June's intense delight. ' It s such a nice morning i earn Jjoiib, squirm ing amiably in the warm sunshine. ' I'm coming to the fence to talk to you,' said June, scrambling to her feet. 'And I have & secret to tell you.' Let's go hear,' suggested Roy to Leila. 'Let's do nothing of the kind,' commanded June. 'Leila, you tell him about Mrs. Antarctic while I tell Sarah my. secret.' 'You are always laughing, and bright and active,' murmured Sarah, as Jane approached. I ' How do you manage to keep so happy ? Haven't j you any troubles ?' 'Lots of them,' exclaimed June; 'but I have an idea that.unhappinees is very much of a disease, and must be treated like one. ' 'I don't understand what you mean/' 'Well, I'll tell you,' beamed June, resting on the fence, and fanning her flushed face with a calla-lily leaf; 'every time I am near getting unhappy or in a bud temper (which is what un happiness generally iB), I take a dose of medicine for it — not out of a. bottlo. Now, if I have been working very tiresomely, u ud feel my angry passions bid fair to rise, I grab a hat, and take a long, long walk by myself, aim come tmcs angelic ! ur, it l have been lazy, and envies and jealousies have crept into my mind and threaten to come out in my speech, why, I get madly to work upon something that tires me so that I become as mild as a lamb.' -'But suppose thit you could not move about briskly, like me,' faltered Sarah. . ' That brings me to my secret,' cried June, dropping rake and leaf, and leaning both arms upon the fenco. 'It is. not a secret exactly; it is some thing I have been thinking about you.' . ' About me ?' ' It began this way,: I kept wondering what you ?did with vour time.' ?' Nothing,' said the lame girl, bitterly. ' What is thero that one iike me can do?' «you nfver seemed to sew — ' ' All our things are hought,' inta'rpoaed Sarah. ' We are rich, so far as money goss.' ' Nor read — ' pursued June. 'Reading makes me unhappier than ever.' ' Nor play the pianc — ' ' It tir«B me to sit on the piano-stool.' 'And 'in my fancy I' k«ep seeing 'you lonely, miserable, unhappy—' Sarah bent her head m aasent, and tears gathered in hi-r eyes, ' I could fancy you thinkine that your — your — misfortune unfitted you for society, that you were not wanted by others — ' 'Yes, I have thought all this!' said Sarah, with ber hands before her face. ' And I wondered,' said June, reaching across the fence and taking the bent head in her trembling arms — ' I wondered if you could not, perhaps, put vour lonely sweet thoughts, and your brighter fancies, and your sad dreams, into writing, that other people might be made better by them, and more patient. Why should you not 'be a writer? Do you ever write. things ?' ' I do,' whispered Sarah. ' Then why not throw away all the bitter ones and give tlie niee ones to the world?' ? '* Write poetry-P— fitories t' '' Write whatever comas into your heart.' ' I could try,' said Sarah. ' But if I said any thing about it, people wouia lauga be mo. . 'Then don't say anything,' was June's prompt response. ' We can keep it as a secret — rour secret. You do the writing, and I'll do the managing} and lit will be time enough to tall paople if we bump up againBt success.' . . ? ' You have given me something nice to think of, said Sarah, gazing into the depths of her many musings, 'I will not be lonely any more. I am going right away to — to — ' _ ' Write J' finished June, briskly. 'Luck go with you!' . . . A smile lit up Sarah's race, and tne worriea wrinkles and frown lisd orept away. 6ho;; went slowly. into tbe house.; : ~ . 'June!' balled Roy. ''Leila and I have been inventing plans by which you might effect an entrance into yon inhospitable mansion.' ' From your language they will probably be wildly romantic.' ' She suggests tbat you climb a ladder and get to the 'fite-eBcape, whence you can reach the roof and work your way down ; I suggest that you enter a coal-sack and get carted into their cellar, whence you can work your way up. Neither of us will be jealous if you adopt the plan of the other.' ' Why not ring at the front door, and enter like a Bane person ?' said June, after considering the matter tnougnttuuy. ' Because you won't be let in,' said Roy, quietly, but with an air of conviction. 'I might try,' said June, wandering toward the gate. 'Ib she really going ?' asked 'Roy of Leila. ' You can never t«U what June is going to do,' answered that wise BiBter. They watched breathlessly. June went ont of the gate. She walked to the Rouncewells' gate. She entered the Rouncewells' garden. She went up the front steps, smiling at her audience. She rang the bell. The door was opened. Then there was a short conference ; she stepped inside, and the dooc shut upon her. ?. ' Sho's in !' gasped Leila, in amazement. 'Well, I never!' ejaculated Roy. 'I hope she comes out olive !' CHAPTER VI. IN SHADOW-LAND. What happened was this : Tbe door was opened j by a prim parlour-maid who asked June her busi ness. ' Ir Mrs. Rouncewell iu ?' ? ' 'Young Mis. Rouncewell? 'No, Miss; she is out.' ' So much the better,', thought the visitor, as she said, aloud : 'It is the old lady I would like to see.' ' Oh, ycR ; and may I aBk miss, if you be from next door ?' 'Yea,' answered June, conquering an inclination to reply, ' I be.' ' Oh, in that cabe Mrs. Rouncewell is expecting of you. She said if you was to come, you was to be admitted immediate, and asked to come up stairs.' So June - entered, feeling that if bad grammar were catching, her case would be hopeless. The parlour-maid led the way, and June followed. The house was magnificent, with palms and portieres, and statues, and thick carpets, and faint perfumes, and gloom, and grandeur. They glided up one winding staircase after another. The old lady evidently lived at the top of the house. June thought of Leila's plan of the roof and the fire escape, and felt a hysterical inclination to laugh. Ab they neared the top story the faint strains of an organ stole upon the air with weird effect. ' I feel like the fifth act of a play,' thought June, uneasily. 'This is the room, miss, said the maid, and vanished noiselessly. The door was partly , open, and June crept in, afraid to knock for fear of stopping the music. .The room was all in shadow, like a cathedral, for the windows were so high up, and so long and narrow, lying under the eaves, that the sun could not creep in, but rather threw in the dark silhouette of the roof. Still the room was not dismal. It seemed to belong to the faint past, and the half hgbt dealt very tenderly with the quaint furniture, and faded pictures, and old fashioned ornaments, and all the outgrown relics of a forgotten day. Grandma Bell herself, sweet though she looked, waa dresaed in a fashion of long ago, and her hair was banded across her ears as in an old picture. She, too, looked like a shadow, and the rauB% she played without any notes was an echo from.a shadowed past. Even the organ had a strangely unfamiliar tone, as if it Bpoke from out a sweet and tolemn distance. Finally the strain came to its tender finish, dying away like a sigh, or like a' nauntmg question - wnicn lingered iu tne memory until it waB hard to tell when the sound really Btopped. Then. June moved forward. 'Who is it?' asked Grandma Bell Boftly, as if perhaps she spoke to some unreal shape ot her fancy. ' It is June.' ' Oh, I am so glad — 30 very .glad ! It is so lonely here^' 'Lonely — when you can make such beautiful music?' ' Beautiful ? Do you like my music ? It has been a long while since any one said that to me. It is pleasant to hear you say it. I used to sing once ; but I cannot any more. Still I would like to hear singing very much. You sing, perhaps, my dear.?' d. little, earn June, auDiousiy. ' I wish you would Bing for me. Do you play the organ ?' 'No, ma'am; I play the piano, and I run the sewing machine, and so I am in the habit of only UBing one set of limbs at a time ; when I try the organ. I can't keep all my arms and legs going at once.' 'Thank you, ma'am; what would you like me to sing.?' , ' Do you know * The Meeting of the Waters' ?' 'No, I am sorry to say I don't,' replied June. ' Or ' Wapping Old Stairs' ?' ' ' Whopping Old What ?' ask6d the puzzled songstress. ' I am very stupid,' smiled Grandma Bell, ' to expect you to know any of those old fashioned airs. If you don't know the songs to my accompani ments, and I don't know the accompaniments to your songs, what are we to do for our concert ?' ' How about hymns ?' asked June. ' They are neither, old nor new fashioned.' ' A very sweet idea ! Do you know thiB ?' and the old lady began upon ' Old Hundred.' ' Oh, yes !' said June ; and she Bang with a will. Than 'Greenland's Icy Mountains' nnd 'Sweet the Moments' and ' Watchman, Tell Ub of the Night,' and a score of others, until June felt quite like a prima donna, and Grandma Bell was flushed pink with the pleasure of playing for some one, and of hearing a fresh young voice echoing around her shadowy room. 'That has done me a world of good,' said the happy brganiBt. 'And me' too,' declared June, throwing herself in a chair and looking'radiantly round. ' ''Just peep out of the window over your head. Stand upon the cheBt.' I June did so, aid uttered n cry of delight. She was gazing down, down into her own garden, where Leila sat reading, looking as little as if June were viewing her through the small end of an opera-glass. ' I never saw bur roof before,' she announced. ' My! doesn't our house appear tiny compared with the two big ones alongside ,it 1 Just like a puppy-dog between two elephants. I can hear Misfit yowling. Wicked little creature ! she is trying to'gat » dove. But she needn't deceive herself with the belief that she will succeed. I can hardly tear myself away.' She jumped down, blinking. j ' Doa'fc sit on the chest, dear ; it is the one we are going to open, and in which you are going to * poke.' ' . . ? I ' Oh, -isn't that lovely !' exclaimed June, snuggling down on the floor in anticipativ.e rapture. When the box was opened a faint odour stole out, like a magic powder, which carried the' mind back for years arid years ; not exactly the smell of laveuder, but tbe nnfamiliar ghost of lavender clinging to -the meshes of old lace. 'Peppermint, too,' said June; sniffing. The peppermint proved to be in a black satin bag which hung on the back of Grandma Bell's rocking-chair, and June got some peppermint drops as a reward for her extraordinary powers of penetration. Lying on the top tray of the cheat were a pair of baby slippers, a curl of yellow hair, and a tiny tucked dress. Grandma Bell took them lovingly in her hands. ' My baby's,' she murmured. ' The little child who'died?' was June's tender question. ? 'Oh, ho; my boy's— Mr. Rouncewell'*,' was the reply. ''Good gracious!' June called the pompous mail to memory, and imagined him petrified . with astonishment if she to'.d him she had seen his baby slippera. 'He was learning to' walk when he wore these; many's the time I have held his little hand and guided his ansteady feet. But I did not mind the trouble; I thought that his hand would bear me up, perhaps, when I waB feeble and needed help. Bat it seems as if old people were in : everybody's way, We linger when we aro not wautod. We ontlive love, as. we outlive strength; for our children do not remember the time when they, too, were a trouble and helpless, and in the way.' She put back the tiny articles with care, kisBing them for tbe sake of the child that used to be, kissing them in spite of the man that waa. June dived among the thingB, more to hide her feelings of disapproval of the man who was so careful of his flowers, than from any motive of curioaity. But she came upon a treasure. It was a turquoise bracalet in the form of a snake. ' Oh, how heavenly !' cried June, slipping it over her wrist, and getting the effect of different lights upon it. 'It is rather odd you should have happened upon that,' said Grandma Bell ; ' for oil along I intended it for you. Keep it on.' 'You don't mean to say you give it to me!' aaidjune. 'Yes, dear ; you may have it for your own.' June burst into a rapture ot thanks, and then grew oddly preoccupied. She turned the jewels over and over, and kept silence. Finally she drew off the bracelet and put it back in the trunk. Then Bhe turned a glowing face to her generous hostess, and explained her action. ,, 'Please don't Feel offended,' she said eagerly, ' but really I can't take the lovely thing, and I'll tell you why.' ' Why, dear ?' ' Because I want to go. into ecstasies over tho things. I see, and if I think that you may give mu some of them, it will take away all tbe fun. For I would like to be able to say, ' Oh, how I would like to have that!' — feeling all the time that you knew I wasn't hinting. Do you see ?' 'Yes, dear, I see ; and it shall be as you wiBh.' ' 'Then on we goeB again,' ' quoted June, gaily. . ' Try on this dress,' said Grandma Bell, taking out a fairy costume of pink crape trimmed with wua roses, me roses were flatter than nature s, but their colour waa exquisite, and the robe suited June to a charm. ' I wore it at a fancy-dress ball. Let your hair down, dear; that's it. And here are tho flowers to carry in your hands. Now go down-stairB and have a look at yourself in the big glass in the parlour.' Nothing loath, June Bped downstairs, and breatbleeely entered the drawing-room. As sho danced in, she all but bumped into the portly frame of the owner of the house. 'Heaven bless my bouI! — what's this?' he demanded. ' I'm June,' stammeied that unfortunate damsel, turning as pink as ber finery, and dropping her roses. 'You look it!' he Baid, with a merry laugh; and June, swooping up her fallen tributes, sped upstairs like the wind. When Bhe reached the attic room again, her ear was assailed with a startling sound, far off, but piercing. ' What's that?' she asked, turning pale. The sound came again. It waB Leila's voice ; and she had given two frightened, terrible screams. ( To be continued.) 