Astounding Locomotor Ataxia Cure. DOCTOES jPJtO X OUNCED CASE H jP E- , , - , LESS. . HELD TO. U E SO BY MEDIOAL MEN .THE WORLD OYER. A V ROMXXENT sydn e y- m.l. a: b e A RS 'TESTIMONY. ? ; (From the ' Australian Workman.'! Our representative made his way to the hoirie of Mr .Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. ' Mr Jarvis is one. of the best known residents of. that thickly populated suburb. He ivas discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to he one of the happiest men in Sydney. I11 reply to the preliminary questions, he -aid: 'You want to know ail about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are .stricken-, as -I was.'- How long were you suffering?' '(About five-and-kalf: .years ago I met with an accident-;; I.'- was badly scalded while taking a bath in JEitt-stfeet, ; Sydney. From 'the date of: the accident my health began to fail, and after four, years of gradual development of Locomotor . Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet ; at -the Glebe Island ' -' ' . ' What were the symptoms ?' :,q. :q' Simply iriilescribableiT--- The pains were something terrible. They were for all the wbild like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two . in every part of - me. : ;I had -no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering . and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep.';. I saw; a. well known doctor, arid he told'.meltliatjmy case was utterly hopeless., 'I came home and went to' hedj 'arid have been in lied pretty well ever since. : A fe\v weeks ago I could not wrilk across ih'ri flbor ; in fact) P could not get out of bedq l felt then that it was all over with me, : ari3 only a question of days wheu.I would give up the ghost. : My doctor was :atteriding;;'riie, and did all he could, by opium and (morphia pills, to ease the agony I: was 'in. . I was undei him for five or six 'weeks'; ---He came to the conclusion that I wus'sufferihg from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, (charac- terised. by peculiar disturbances': of. ^ (gait, and difficulty in coordinating voluntary piovc ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never, get the use of my legs.' (Just then the patient; kicked his legs about with energy; to show that medical opinion is not infallible;) ?' : ' Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea (conveyed by the advertisement describing the: cure; effected in the case of another lioileriririkcr in England, which I read in the ,' Australian Workman,' by Dr Williams' .Pirik Pills for Pale People. I read in the. -'advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr; Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for; a box.; The effect was magical. I was able, te eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with : the' aid of a stick, and was gradually but surely recover ing my former vigour and vitality. You see those ciutchcs there? Tliey tie per fectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to. use them, and now I don't want tlicm.' :' Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and tiken . the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and, made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come hack in my legs. I expect shortly' to resume work as a lioilcrmaker, and you know I have to he in the very pink of health' and strength to work at that trade. I am - better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pairi now whatever, nnd feel like n neiy man.- On the maritlepicce there is a box of Opium and .Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the 1 excruciating pain. But tliey can stay where they arc, for I no longer need them. Every body that knows me has been amazed at the change iu 111c. Tliey can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' WHAT MR LABOUR-LEADER M'COWEN KNOWS. n- ^rkablf, -pase^qf^.Mj: ? ^TCJioinas^.,,Jarvis^! I !a ' says he ' has known Mr Jarvis j hrm . infancy. He also : knew thnt he1 hail to ' give up his work at Glebe I ) land abattoirs owing to a malady which lie 'developed. He afterwards heard that J at vis iv is bedridden, ami that thcie was little cianee of liis recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced i ! curable; Mr M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People d) not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia ; they positively cure rheumatism, | sciatica, lumbago, and- neuralgia, and ?i ittuenza's evil after effects, and are a j specific for all diseases ol women, such as nntemia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities! nervous headache, ar.d hys. teria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace up and permanently strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills arc obtainable from all leading chemists, or Irom the Dr. Wiiliams' Medicine Company, Qucen's-Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt ot stamps or post order, I box for 2s 9d or half-dozen for 15s 3d. 