THE «fll SORT. ' A Hunting iioinance. ? , M - - 7 ' „ ' ? - . : {By Mrs. Edward Kenuard.) CHAPTER XIVvMContiiiued.) i ?'laiKing or uorses, wiiat lias oecome or my I unfortuiiate steed? Has she broken her neck I or run sfcvayV' I 'Neither, though the former would but have I served her riglu for Sber misdemeanors. SShe's I not . very far off or likely to wander in her r present condition.' I The Honorable Jack cast ah indigoant I glance over his shoulder at the unconscious I authoress of -Kate's misfortunes, who, tied to I a gatepost side by side with the good old II Snowflake, looked exceedingly wretched and I forlorn, bespattered with mud from ihead to tail, the crutches of her saddle all dented in, \ and her coat, stiffening rapidly from the cold ' . air super vening, on lavish perspiration. | 'The beast!' exclaimed he, eyeing her with | marked disfavor. 'I should like to shoot her j on the spo* ' . j 'Don't be so bloodthirsty. Wihat did poor 1 Grisette do to encompass our downfall, for really. I hardly know?' I 'I will tell you easily enough. She; never made the ghost of an effort, or rose one single j I inch, but just galloped straight into the fence, \ caught the binder with her chest, and turned. I a complete somersault into the field. A pretty I; lady's hunter!' 'Now, I won't have you abuse my property. | It's not good manners; besides, remember, the i poor thing was dead beat, and really was not so much to blame after all. We seemed to me to have been galloping tremendously fast,, and I don't Somehow think she's much of a stayer. She did not give me the impression.' 'That I can easily believe, for those tearing, rushing brutes generally do pull themselves out in something under twenty minutes, 'and once they begin to blow it's all up. They ride like a lump of lead for the rest of the day. I don't tumble to that class of animaL | Nine times out of ten they're soft, showy, and cowardly. As for Grisette — that is her name. 1 is it not?— you ought not to give her a chance . of repeating her ill-conduct in the future. i You stuck to her like a brick, and rode awful ly well, but, take my word for it, she's not a safe animal for any lady to hunt.' 'She has her faults. I admit, but perfection is terribly hard to find, either in human be iugs or in horseflesh. Such, at least, is my experience.' She had succeeded in assuming a sitting po sition, but still felt unequal to the task.of re mounting or standing upright. It was, there fore, with some relief she saw Colonel Clin ker's second horseman now appear on the scene, who, touching his hat respectfully, as if not altogether sure his presence might not be considered incompatible with certain orders he had received erewhile, said in a halfapolo getic, half -explanatory sort of way— . 'Beg pardon, sir! but Farmer Smith 'ee tolci me as 'ow you was a-staying behind with a lady as 'ad met with a bad haccident, and I took the liberty of riding Hopal part of the way back again to see if I could render any assistance. I 'ope I acted right, sir.' 'Quite right,' answered his. master, in tones of unqualified approbation, though the chances were on any other occasion poor Lea therdale might have received a severe repri mand for this breach of discipline. 'And now, Leatherdale, attend to what I. say. I want you to go straight to the inn and tell them to bring a trap immediately, and to wait at th'e crossroad for Graby until I turn up. You know the place I mean, don't you?' 'Yes, sir, well nigh upon the old sign-post, afore you come to the seventh milestone.' 'Exactly; and, Leatherdale, don't forget to ask for the loan of a shawl or warm wrap of some sort or other. The young lady is sure I to feel chilly after a bit, when the' reaction sets in. If they make any bother about lend ing it, you can mention my name and give them half-a-crown. Do you understand what I want?' 'I'm to order a trap and borrow a shawl, and tell 'em to wait till jrou come, sir.' - 'That's it, and, Leatherdale,' turning to speak with the man aside, so that Kate might not overhear his final injunction, 'it's as well to be on the safe side. If you should happen ! to meet Miss Brewser's groom on the way, or anyone going in the direction of Foxington, I ask him to call at Dr. Baker's and leave a I message saying his services will be required I at Sport Lodge in about an hour's time. I I fear there may be some broken bones to set.' [ t ''Deed, sir! I'm sorry to hear that, sir!' said I Leatherdale with ready sympathy as he rode off to do his master's bidding, determined, af ter the manner of his kind, that the ill news of Miss Brewser's accident should lose no thing in transmission, but rather gain in point and piquancy. CHAPTER XV. ? As soon as he had gone, Colonel Clinker said to Kate in a voice of quiet authority— 'And now we must get you to your feet. You have lain on that damp ground quite long enough, and will derive no more benefit from keeping still. Can you rise by yourself, or shall I help you?' : Kate shook her head, and declined assist ance in her curiously independent way, but only to find a moment later, when she strug gled up with great pain and difficulty, that she could not possibly do without aid. For one instant she stood tottering and swaying to and fro like a helpless reed in the wind; then suddenly the green fieldsTGrisette, Snowflake, Colonel Clinker, seemed to swim before her eyes, a sickly famtness stole over her frame, and she would have fallen had not Jack supported her in ihis arms. She could just feel their strong but gentle clasp, and then she lost consciousness. Her eyes closed, and insensibly the small head, with its crush ed and bartered pot hat, sank on his broad shoulder as on 'a pillow. A transient gleam lit up Jack Clinker's frank blue eyes when he felt Kate's weight. As he held iher for once, as if indeed she were his very own, a swift, strange thrill of de light shot through his being. With her pale,' scratched face, dishevelled hair, and blue lips, she moved him more than any other woman had hitherto done in his whole life before. It was the same feeling he had experienced the night of Mrs. Forrester's .dinner party, but now it returned with twofold strength. He took out his silver flask, forced brandy through the girl's set teeth, and ' waited anxi ously for the first symptoms of returning life. Gradually a faint tinge of color, like the blush of ?? a white rose, flickered back into her cheeks, and the beautiful lashes which hid the grey eyes curled themselves upwards. At tirst her look was vague and wandering, but as little by little the brain began to reassert its power, a rosy flush suffused her whole countenance. 'I am better now,' she said, freeing herself from his arms. 'I can't think what made* me so silly. I have never fainted until to He let her go directly, but even then she coulif'sot^stand alone. He held out' his hand —that -powerful, manly hand ehe had noticed and liked before. 'Wid yon npt'take it?'! he said with ahaU smile. ' 'You are toroud, Wt .you see you 'can not do without me altogether.' '?She put her_6mall palm in his, and he led her like a little cliild to the place, some few yaras distant,: wl iere the two horses were standing -tied togetper. . ?*? ? Vlf.yqu could manage to sit on Grisette tor a hundred yards orjso,' he said gently, 'just till we get to the* road and- meet ijhe'trap, t think it would be 1 etter for you than walking. Will you mind my, lifting yon up?' 'No,' ehe said sfmply. It was a strangely sweet and strangely no vel sensation to hfer, who for so many years had oeen accuston ted to take the lead; to de^ cide and act alone, to find someone who could do these things fo r her. It seemed pleasant to be protected ant I- cared for, ^especially when she was suffering Many men might have taken advantage of the situation, might have } made then' kindness felt as a matter calling « for gratitude; but he did everything so quietly and so naturally that she could but accept hi^, services in the same spirit in which they were rendered. ' : , . '' ... 'Do not be afraid,' he said, when he had lifted her on to the mare. 'I will lead Gri sette with one hand and hold you with the other in case you should feel giddy. Let me know if it hurts you moving.' He walked by her side in silence, but though the motion^of the animal sent a sharp catchy pain to her heart, and made her grow hot and cold by turns, she shut iher lips firmly over her. white teeth, determined no sound of complaint should escape them! She could not bear that he should think' her a coward, and. so at length they reached the roadside, where, to their no small joy, an open pony-chaise stood in readiness awaiting their arrival. 'And now,' said Colonel Clinker to the man in charge, 'I propose driving the young -lady, home, provided you can manage to ride the l grey and lead the mare back. They are both pretty well tired out, and will be -as quiet as sheep.' ,. . ' . -? .: So saying he helped Kate into the vehicle, ? propped her up with the cushions of the,seats,\ and, after tucking a., couple of shawls round her, seated himself in the empty place by her side, and taking up the reins drove off at a. good smart trot ? 'The sooner we get home the better,' ' lie said, 'and as the trap only holds! twp, I thought it might perhaps be pleasanter on the whole for you that I should come instead of the man, who ''would not 3iave known what steps to take had you turned faint again on the way.' He deemed it necessary to make this .ex1, planation, although he did not deem it neces sary to tell her how reluctant he felt to part from her^ at least until he was assured she was in good hands. ' ' ? ? 'You are very .kind and considerate,' she said in reply. 'I did not know .men were eo thoughtful.' . . She was not going to tell him either how completely the arrangement satisfied her. Af ter all, it was only .natural to prefer his so ciety to that of -the inn- proprietor from Saep perton. 'Ah! I forgot. Your, estimation of our sex is extremely poor. Well, no matter-^-all the more reason for me to endeavor to raise it.' 'Did you think that when— when ? ' she began eagerly, but checked herself as sud denly. She was thinking, 'when you made the bet.' . . i 'When what?' he said, seeking .for an ex/ planation. ^f 'Oh, no matter; only something that just 'happened to strike me.' 'Won't you tell me what it was?' 'No, thank you; I'd rather not, especially as the thought recalled a highly disagreeable recollection.' Her tone had become cold and her manner frigid. 'In that case I apologise for my curiosity,' he replied, relapsing into silence. , 'So you. don't approve of Grisette?' she said presently, after a prolonged pause. 'I-o you know, I'm afraid you're rather vindictive.' 'No. Approve of her? I should tnink not Confound the brute! She's a. real bad 'un.' 'Now, once again, I say, don't abuse my belongings; it's not polite.', 'Truth very seldom is. How long has she been in .your possession?' ? - 'About two or three months. 1 was let in \- by a, friend...: Friends have a way of doing those pleasant little things at 'times.'' 'Yes, if you call them friends. I -don't. I wish I could lay claim, however, to being- one, so that I might ask a favor at your hands.' 'Is friendship ilie 'sine qua non' which ren ders requests admissible?' she 'asked malici ously. . 'Are they, not often proffered without any particular intimacy oh either side?'.' 'That speech is, I suppose, intended to re mind me of being without the pale. Thank you, Miss Brewser. You have a candid man ner of .putting things highly calculated to im press people with a sense of your honesty.'*; 'And you of snapping up one's words and not understanding chaff. What' is this favor you ask?' 'Simply that you promise me never to ride Grisette again.' 'Indeed! Am I to show the white feather merely because she has given me a fall? That would be cowardly:' 'No, not because she has given you a fall, but because she is a mad, headstrong, soft brute, not worth her keep. Will you pro mise?' 'But I can put Stirrup on her,' said she, equivocating. 'She'd do. nicely to jog about the roads on.' 'Very nicely. She would not pull Stirrup's arms off, I suppose, or run away, or go head long into, the nearest . carriage? No,, of course riot!' ' \ .' . 'Now, don't be sarcastic. If Grisette's not fit for me to ride she's not fit for poor dear old Stirrup. But how am I to get rid of ber?' ? ' ' .'T'';i .?'. ? ... ;?'?? ? ? 'Easily enough. Make., a chop with Phipps or some respectable dealer! ; Depend upon it, the first loss is always the smallest in cases of this sort. There's no' -extrava- ?gance so ruinous in the end as that of stick ing to a bad gee.' . ' : 'Well, perhaps not; I'll think it over any way.'. . -. . -. .... .1-. ,; '?-?;' ,'-.'-',-:.- ?_?/' ? He was charmed at gaming even this~-eon- cession, for he honestly 'only! desired her wel fare. A pity he could -not- leave matters as they were— a pity that ' Sspme foolisji,' instinct prompted him to bend over her. andLsayi in; a soft, persuasive - voices- /?' . ' ' i 'Will you think it over to— tOr-please-me?V It was the first indiscretion .he had commit ted—the first speech which deprived her of her' sense of ease. -Mrs. Forrester had ? waTiied her of JMsbemgr;a;, -flirt Had ie, al -ready begun -to = practise on her;? Or^waslie gradually smoothing the road- for that ulti mate proposal he had backed himself, to make? ' . \ _..'_.' ; .. / 'No, certainly not,' ;she said curtly, 'if I think of selling Gtisette at all it will be. to please : myself,- not other people;: and eSsguse my saying so, but do you not consider'fcought to be the best judge of iay own' affairs?';; i. ~. No snub could have been nwfre direct 'His face flushed as he answered haughtily— ' j. -/'Certainly, Miss Brewser/1 regret I should have been so foolish as to display the slight-, est interest in them. Henceforth I wfll stu diously guard against any - recurrence of the fault.' ?? ' '' ???'' -~' He flicked the pony sharply with the whip,; and settled down into a gloomy eilence. She felt sorry for ha virig -produced this result, and after a bit endeavored to resume the *onver satipn. ? V .-, : ??] . 'What-a lovely Afternoon it has turned ont,v_ she said, after a; quarter of an hour; had eiap^. Wed, during which riot a word had been utter «d;on either siae. - - '; ?%'. % r ?-??- '?*?;: v-/i ^ \- -No answeri'— -?-??-- ~-.s±:\,.i...^j-.. :.u.A'--.- ? -.;. , : {To be confinced.) 