FROZEN FACTS. ? . ^ ? ? V ? Nova Scotia, and British Columbia furnish most of tho Canadian coal. TVfATiAnrE Azbani began learning music ?whon she was only four years old. It is a remarkable fact that the deepest parts of the sea are in all cases very near the land. It has been computed that one of every eighteen inhabitants of Germany is a sol dier. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and pic torically represent them as pale-faced women ?with hair hanging over their eyes. Bdixooks have no foroboding or fear of death. They will witness their companions being killed, and yet go on placidly eating and drinking. Geeenwioh records show that for 14 years there has been an averago of but 20 hours of sunshine in London in December. In China a man may wear the samo gar ments for a lifetime without being out of style, so little does the fashion change. It is reported that since the Czar nn UUUUI.CU XllB IXltCllWUJl Ul UlitllliU.111111^ UllLU eratic rule in Russia he has been the recipient of numerous Nihilist threats and manifes toes. In China the ' ju ming ' or ' milk name ' j is changed upon the child starting to school. I and again upon marriage, or in the event of selecting a trade or occupation. Statistics of life insurance show that in the last 25 years the averago of man's .life has increased 5 per cent., or two whole years, from 41-9 to 43-9. About two hundredweight of water from St. 'Winifred's Well at U.olywell is, it is understood, posted every night in sealed cans to all parts or the country, America, and the colonies. In Brussels during the winter the sculptors often make statues out of snow. These. are exhibited in the public parks, and the pro ceeds from the tickets are given to the poor. The temperature of tho planet Neptune is beleived to be about 900 degrees' below the zero of Fahrenheit, while that of Mercury is much too high to admit of a possibility of air-breathing animals inhabiting it. Medical opinion, apropos the rage for cycl ing amongst women, declares that the exer cise is peculiarly harmful for young girls, and that it is a fruitful source of consumption and heart complaint. The cost of the Marseilles and Rhone Canal is estimated at 80,000,000 francs, half [ of which is to be provided by the State and half by the city and the Department. It will be 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long. America is certainly the land of promise for womon. Miss Elizabeth Fleming has been appointed crier of the United States District Court at Portland, whilst in Kentucky a. Miss Tompkins has been appointed Assistant Mar shall of the United States Supreme Court. The Brazilian soldier at the present day is extremely well paid compared with European soldiers. A private soldier's monthly pay is £1 18s., with Government'rations, or £3 10s. if ho finds his own rations, while a second . lieutenant is paid £15 10s. a month, and. £5 extra when actually in the field. It is a strange fact that while tho teeth of the negro on the old plantations were remark able for their whiteness, those of the freed negro of the present day are in an infinitely worse condition than those of his white brother. This is owing entirely to tho change of diet and the coloured man's weakness for sweetmeats. It is well known that oatmeal and bran have a most softoning influence upon the skin, and if there is roughness it should be used in preference to soap, especially where there is any tendency to skin disease. Soap irritates, whilst oatmeal and bran have a healing effect, and also allay tho intense itch ing. Sib Eobeet Rawmnson has never forgotten that in early life he was a stonemason. On one occasion, while passing through Chorley with a friend, ho pointed to a step and said, 'That step is well set, don't you think?' ' How should I .know?' retorted his com panion — a well-known lawyer, by the way. 'Ido,' was Sir Robert's rejoinder, 'because. ' I Bet it myself..' The Japanese infantry is said' to bo sup plied with shirts and drawers of paper, of course not such as commonly used in Europe, but a yellowish paper of such tenacity as to bear making button-holes in it tho samo as in linen. Tho various parts of tho garments are partly stuck together and partly, sewn by machine or hand, and provided with porcelain buttons. * Dubinq the roign of terror in Paris in 1793 many of tho nobility were reduced to starva tion and beggary. The abattoirs sent their hides fresh to the tanneries without removing the tails, and in cleaning them the tails were thrown away. One of these noble beggars asked for a tail, and it was ivillingly given to him. Ho took it to his lodging .'and mado (what is now famous) tho first dish of oxtail =? soup; he told others of his good luck, and they annoyed the (aimers so much that a price was put upuu them. 