THE GHOST OF HEYTOH GRANGE, OME years ago I met Gascoyne dressed in a suit of Scotch gray sporting clothes. I It was at a rail- 1 , way station, and ho had beside him his gnn- ckse and fiBhing-ruds. Knowing that he wos not a man to spend a great deal of money on his own pleasure, I guessed at oneo that ho had been lucky onuugh to rcceivo an invitation from seine ono who possessed fishing nnd shooting rights. " Hallo, Gnseoyne," I said, as I eamo up with him, " what's the game now 2 This looks something liko business." " Ah, my boy," saye ho, " I should think it docs, too. Old Jefferson has beon looking out for a country place for some time, you know, and ho has managed to find one up in the north at a marvellously cheap rent. He's taken it for twolve months, and if he likes it ho has the chance of buying it at a ridiculous figure. " Why, what's tho matter with it 2" I said. "Oh, nothing," be replied, " that I know of, but it doeen't suit the owner for some reason, and ha has had it on his hands for a very long time and could not let it, and 1 supposo he got tirod of it und thought lie would get rid of it at any price. Jefferson writes mo that it is really a grand place, with some glorious shooting and fishing, and a really magnificent house, and he's asked me to go and have a month's sport. 1 thought it was too good a ehance to be missed, and so I lacked up my traps at once, and I'm off." At that the train eamo up, und after see ing him coinfortubly sottled in a corner seat nnd wishing him good sport and u high old time I strode away. Wfaat wus my surprise, in n little more than a week afterwards, to mnnr. him nnn evening in the High-strcoc as I was return ing from business, " Why, Gnseoyno," I said, " whatever hoe brought you back uguin so soon ? I thought you wore going to stay a month." " Nover a month would I stay at that place for any price," ho replied ; " but come, let us walk up to tho King of Bells at the end of the village. We sbull be quiet there, and I'll toll you all about it. It makes me foel so queer ovory time I think of it that 1 really can't toll you without a glass of something." Wo went up to the old inn, and before a comfortable glass and blazing fire we lit our pipes, and lie commenced : — "Jefferson was right when he said ho had a splendid pluce. It's fallen- into disrepair a little through being untenanted so long ; hut Heyton Grange, as it is culled, is a regular country mansion, with u magnifi cent hull, fino lurgo ontertuining rooms, and I don't know how many bedrooms up. Btairs. I found he'd invited quite a number of fellows, und intended having a regular shooting party stuying in the house, but he hnd asked nid up a day or two in ad- vunce, so that wo conld have a quiet time togother before the rest camo. " We had three most enjoyable days Tho country round was magnificent. We had a few idle shots, and cast a Qy or two for trout as we sauntered along, talking of old times, and tbeso lazy trials were suffi cient to show us that wo should have fino sport when wo commenced in earnest. We spent theso days alono, and Jefferson and I slept tugotbor during thab time, for we are old friends, as you know, and I liked hotter to be with him than to bo in the roam alloLtcd to me in tha far off west wing until thut part of tho liouso was occu pied by seme of tho other visitors. On the fourth day tliey came. Wo hud a glorious time of it, and went to bed tired out. I dropped to sleep ut unco, but after somo two hours I woke up bathed in a cold per spiration and with a torribie feeling that I could not uccount for. ' Whothor I had been dreaming or not I could not tell, but I raised myself on ono itrm and looked uround tho room, and there right by the foot of tho bod I saw — the bust of a woman, as though the body had been cub through at the waist. " Tho face was as white as murblo and the eyes seemed to look boseeohingly upon me. Terrified, I was unable to stir, und tho figure gradually floated away und disap peared through tho panels of tho wall, heaving as it did so a low, deep sigh. "Of courso, sleep was impassible after that. I lay in a state of terror until morn ing, but I managed to drop into a troubled, broken slumber as daylight appeared, and elept on unoasily until I woe startled by a knock ut the door, and the announcement thut tiio flrst breakfast boll had rung. I went down to bieakfast with the effects of the night's apparition still upon me, though wearing away and growing fainter every moment, und boforo I hnd finished my second cup of coffee, whnt I had supposed to be tho usual query in such cusee aroso in my mind— Could I, after all, huve fancied that tho upparition. appeared 2 " Was it possible that it could be the result of u disordered. imagination ? In the night I hud made up my mind to tell my friend what had occurred nnd leuve tho house at once, but now 1 feared the ridicule of the company, and wus, indoed, likely soon to laugh myself and wonder how 1 could havo been so superstitious. I raised my head and began to join in the conversa tion and to talk over the arrangenionts for another day'B Bporb, when at tho far end of the table I noticed a gentlemun who laughed the loudest yesterday, and whoso sallies had amused us all, but who was now silent aud tnoltnrn. " ' He seomed quite unable to do justice to tho good things provided by our host, nnd only unawored in monoByllublee when spokou to. Ib was evident that hia mind was ill at ease, and that he was labouring undor some strong oxoltement. ' As soon ns breakfast wus over I sought him out and said to him — " I am afraid something has happenod to disturb you ; you wore in suoh excellent spirits we we parted last night and seomed so very different at tho cable this morning that I foel euro something must bo the mutter.' ' No,' he replied. ' I'm all right, thanks ; I certainly don't feel very lively just now, but it will wear off presently.' " .Perhaps you didn't havo a good night's rest 2' I rejoined, speaking slowly and pointedly. - '"f .Well/ he-said,' I cunnob oay-thab-I did, but I do nob wish to speak of it ; it would only put Jefferson about.' " 1 Tell mo,' I su id, ' did" anything dis turb you 2 Did you soe anything V and in my eagernoss I laid uiy |,nh"d upon his 1 Bhouider. " ' I did,' he said ; ' why do you ask t" " ' Because I saw something mysolf ; what did you soo 2' " ' I saw,' ho said, and shuddered as lie spake, ' the bust of a woman cub off at the waist !' | 4% 4 Precififllv u'liiih T hni'A pnnn in flm night 1' I ejaculated. ' I saw it at the foot of my bed, and it seemed to disappear through the panel uf tha wall, Is your roam in the wesb wing ab tho end of tile great pitssugu ?' " ' It is,' ho roplied. " ' Then tho apparition must havo en tered your room when it loft mine, for you are evidently sleeping in the next room to me. What is to bo done 2' " ' Wo cannot stay, and I cortainly do not like tho idea of breaking up the party. > " Well, we talkod it over long nnd earnestly, and at last arranged to stay that night at any rate and sea if ib visited us uguin. " After another day's sporb, during which we forgot our fours, night came on, and we once more rotired to our rooms, but not to bed: I was very lired, nnd I sat up watching until long past the time the ap parition had appeared on the previous night, und then ovorcome with futigue I throw aside my foots, and throwing my self on the bed was uslecp in a moment. " I could not havo slept very long— not many minutes— when I awoke with u start, und I felt ut once that the thing wus by me. In terror I opened my eycB. Oil, horrors ! Tho bust of I ha woman was lying by my side on the bod, wiLli her head upon the pillow ! ' What happenod after that I do not know, for I must have lest consciousness fur u moment, and when I recovered the feuiful thing hud vanished. 1 jumped from the bud and rushed instantly into my neighbour's room, but he was lying upon the rug in a dead faint. I loosened his collar and poured cold water on his face, and as he opened his eyes and revived a little 1 made him take a good draught of brandy from my hunting flask which I Imd with me. "Ho quickly came to himself, nnd sitting up ho told mo he hnd dozed ulf in his chair and had been suddenly awakened by tho touch of a deuth-cold hund upon hia-forc- head, and found tho apparition close to him, gazing with cntrvuty in tier eyes into his faco. Overcome with horror ho had fainted away as I found him. "We sab togother nnd talked long and oarnosbly, nnd nt length dccidod that wo would make the best, excuse to our host, urging some sadden call back to our homes, and would leavo the house that morning. 1 am afraid Jefferson must hare felt hurt at our sudden departure, but stay we could not, so we came away, and here I am." Gascoyno and I sat talking and eon- jeeburiug about tho mysterious visitant un til late that night. Weeks and months -passed, and it gradu ally became only a terrible memory .of which wo spoke now and ngain, until one day Gascoyno knocked hurriedly at my door, and saying in nn excited manner, " Fab on your hat and come with me," he led me without a word to tho old King of Bells. As soon as wo wore seated in the little room behind the bar he begun hur riedly — " I'vo just had n letter from .Tefforson. He hod a Christinas party at Heyton last week and one of tho guests whu hud been placed in tho room I slept in shrieked out that she had seen a ghost, and when they had calmed her sufficiently to speak coher ently sho declared that ib took bhe form of bhe bust of a woman. Jefferson remembered our busby flighb aud tho curiously embar rassed way in whioh we made our excuses for leaving him so suddenly, und believing %now that it must have been in somo wuy connected with the apparition that so terri fied his ludy visitor, ho mudo up his mind tliero and then tiiat together with the bravest of his visitors he would hiinsol' watoh on the following night. He did so, and soon ufter midnight l.lio restless spirit returned oncB more. Hu and his friond nerved themselvesand spoko to it, demand ing the reuson for its presence iu tho house, it gazed upon them for u moment, and beckoning them to fullow it. flcaud out and led tliern through a secret door on the top landing into a small room under ilio roof, where tliey found a wnrm-outon elm.n, into which the apparition seemed to disappear. Thoy rushed downstair-', und quickly returning witli two or three men soi-vaots thuy broko open the lid and woreborrifi.il to discover tho lower part of a woman's body, which, from its d. composed stale, had evidently been there for years. Upon inquiry they learned thut a long timo before a murder had brou committed, and ilio murderer, who was tiio iiuforlunalo woman's husband, had severed lim victim at tiio waist, und that her bust having been dis covered it hud been buried in the clpncii- yard, but that Boarch for the lower part of the body hud boon in vuiti. As soon ns Jefferson und his friends coot.l arrange will) the authorities tlip ghastly object) in tho trunk hud been buried bosido the bust." Tlmt was Gnscoyne'e tale, and ho was able to inform mo from u further communi cation he received from Jefferson thut tho midnight visitant hud never appeared again My friond was a man for whom I enter tained the highest regard, und I hud every reason to believo in his integrity. lie declared to mo thab every parb of lliis strange narrative is true, aud 1 have nover been inclined to doubt it. 