Far.sT ors Ts Ys :in.-Next blon daytite North Melbourne a ouncil-will mreet for the first time in 1897. There is not a great amount'of business to be transacted owing to the intervening holidays between this' and the last Council meeting, obut nniong other mat ters set down oli the notice paper is a recommendation of the Public Works Comittee that Mr.Wadey .be permitted to deposit tlhe surplus sewerage material on the Recreation Reserve. WELCOME Ncws.-It omuSt be nlost gratifying to our readers to learn, as it is to us to chronicle, of the substantial increase in the colony's rvermie during the past six months from the Customs I)Department, the receipts from which are £58,464 ini excess of the departmental estimate. The revenne from this source for the month of last l)ecember exceeded that of the corresponding month in 1895 Iby the considerable amount of £45,905. l?iclis OF Tol?: PasT.-The rear of the Town Hall, which is also the site of the old lock-up, is a dreary place, and the corrngatrd iron fence between the two is beginning to sway and groan when the southerly and westerdly winds freshen, in a manner which bodes ill for its power of resistance to the winter rain-squalls frnni theseaward _The mark in the sirface of the groundwhere the excava tions for the foundations of the former watchhouse were laid still remains, as also does a portion of thle formation of the floot of the cellse.ndr e-a olection-cf rusty water piles, and struggling bits of grass cimplete the scene.. In fact it is a local decayed Port. Arthur, where tile crime, and uniieries of the past of North Melbourne display their ghosts, as do the crumbling prison buildings and barracks in the tabove locality in Tasmania. Luckily this devastated spot, writli its gloomy recollections, is out of sight; but that fence, on the grounds of public safety will soon need. looking to, other wise someone may sustain a severe injury on a windy day. S.AF Rotittii'Y AT NORTH t EL IoonFsE RAILWAY. STATION.-On Sun day morning two menj while scaveriging in the West Melbornme swamp, found a safe greatly prised. and knocked about, with itwo heavy blacksmith's shammers and fourl chisels lying in its viciuity. They reported the matter to the police, anl they soon ascertained that the bo:king office at . the North Melbourne Railway Station had been entered by means of skeleton keys, and the safe had been taken away. It appears that during the night the station was in charge of Porter Thomatas, who observed nothing unusual till 4 a.m., when lie found that tihe safe had been taken away. So far as is known, the value of the contents stolen that would be of any use to the robbers is about £12. The detectives are making investigations, and it is supposed that the robbery is the work of a gang of expert criminals unhappily at large. DEATH OF Mrs. CARLTON - We have to chronicle the death of the late 'Mrs. Sarah Jane Carlton, wife of Mr. Thomas Carlton, and mother of the well- known cricketing family of that name (John, Alfred, William, and Thomas), at her residence,"Darlington,' Melrose-street, North Melbourne, on Friday, Ist January, at 7.12 p.m., of acute dyspepsia, after an illness of about six months. Tihe deceaed lady was a native of Newtown-Hamilton, County Armagh, Ireland, and arrived in the colony 3G; years ago, and was i resident of North Melbourne for the past 20 veass. The funeral, which was very largely attended, took place on Sunday last at 1.15 p.m., andl the interment in the Wesleyan portion of the Melbourne General Celn. tery, the liev.W.W\illiams ofliciating at ile grave. The pl i:ilarers were--Messrs. J. McCalhan,,.1 Mitchell, II. T. Nairn, J. Keith, G. Willinms, J. \\\rWatson, J. Garlanil, and F. Brown. Amongst tl:hoe pres nt were Cr. A. H. ]icnjamin, Mr. George C. Anoldl, members of the North Melbourrne Cricket Club, and representatives of the senior and jtnior cricket clubs. The awreaths triom the North Melb. Cricket Club (2) -players anl non-players, South Aus tralian team, and Parkhill C. C., were of beautiful designs, as also hcere the floral tributes sent by Mr. and Mrs. i. Glass, Mr. and Mrs. J. Miskhin, Mr. and Mrs. Richelieu, Mr. anod Mrs. Garlhnd, Mr. and Mrs. S. Thake, and numierous others; and letters of condolence were rcce:ived from the South Australian C. A. per Mr. Creswell, New South Wales C. A. per MIr. Southwell, Mrs. Curtis-Reid (Windsor), Mr. I1. IBlilmn:t (South Ars.), and others, for which the family desire to return their sincere thanks. During the recent match with South Asetralia thie Victori:an eleven wore crape hands on tIlleir arrms to slhow their respect to Mr. ,I. Canrlton, rwho hadi been selectedl to play for thie colony. Thie greatest syrralsthy is felt for tihe brearcved famrily. Thie funeral arrange iments were carried out by ,losephr Allison of Errol-street. Is connection with thie filling rof tIle playing irena of tie North Slelbourne Recreationrr lieserve, in rour last issue we s?t?id thrVilrty-e worid start on that Iportion after the 1lth jranuiary. It sho!li ls'ye rcarl after th! . 6th Jarnuary, as thle 'atchr poiy in progress will not be finuished until thes last iles?ioeed datp, NeW Yia.:u's Eve StinvicCs.-- On Tihursday evening, vigil services in con nection with the expiration of 1891; and the advent of 1897, were held in the Wesleyan churches, at North Melbourne and Hotham-hill. In the former church the Rev. \V. Willians prearchedl an ap propriate .ernmon; and in the latter Mr. .1. A. Judkins, a stuJent for the ministry following his studies atQueecu's College, officiated. ATrramers? SUmIO ??E.-OtI New Yetrs-Day, a womatutumtedLMaryA?iA Pearce, residing in Little Lothian-street, North Mellturne,- attempted to coatmmit suicide by cutting her throat. She had been drinking, it ap~iears, and borrowed the racer from a neighbour, to wlom she stated that her hus-band wanted a a-share. Her. husband saw her just after she had inflicted a gash in - her thront, and communicated fortlhwith with the police. Constable Walsh renmoved the woman to the hospital, where it was found that the wound was notserions; and after it had been dressed -she was broughtiiback to the ical lock-up'and imprisonied, and subse quaentlyree?nsaed on_a' clharge of attempting to commtnit suicide. DeATH OF MnS: GEtLnRn.--Mrs. .Catherine Gerber; aged 51 years, wife of Mr. George Gerber, licensee of the Lough More Hotel, corner cf Leovesoi and Arden streets, and moutler of Mr. J. Gerber, one of the repre=entatires of the North :Melbourne first eleven cricket ers, died- oni Satirdry, front hepatitis and debility. The deceased lidy had Ieen ailing for abltt six wter, but was confined to her bed fir 10 days prior tc, her death. She had a .largely attended funeral; Ind lherreoffiu was covered with wreaths and floral enb'.ems of regard, amongst which were- two wreaths fromn North Melbourne 0.0.- playing and non-playing members; ioie from Mrs. Eadio and Miss Goverlid. of Riclmtond; a beauitiful crss andl nchor of everlast ing flowiers, with the word " Hope," which the emblem s;gnifies, worked in violets, of tle same quality, by Miss Bourke and Mr. L. Bourkc, of Errol. street; for which the bereaved family wish to express their deep gratitude.. The fineral took place on :Monday, at 3 p.m. The pall-bearers were Messrs. O. Usher, J. Carlton, F. T. Airmstrong, 1. S. Drape, T. Hardimtn, J. lRamsay, W. -Purees, andtR. HIogg. The deceased lady's remains were interred in the Melbourne General Cemetery. Joseph Almison- of-Eerolstreect-esried -ot- ihe funeral. arrangements. A: RcPIcrTOnY COCKlEv.-On New Year's Day; whilst Constable Johnson, the North Melbourne watchhouse keeper, was quietly making up his charge-slheet or. pursuing lhs other routine clerical duties, his attention was suddenly dis tracted therefrom, -by the utterance of snte swearing in very close proximity to his office, upon hearing which he rushed omit of the (oven) ofiice-to-ascertail -wlir it was.. that had the audacity to.enter the sanctum of peace protectors, and deliberately comimit abreach of the peace; but on reaching the yard could see no one, and proceeded ift ttie gate in Little Leaeson-street, it being the most likely place from which -such language - would come; but-" Peace on earth, and good will to all- men ' reigned supreme in that locality. Doubting the accr.riey of his sense of hearing, Mr. Johnson moodily turned front the gate, to re-enter his 115 degrees in the lshade, when, as he laid foot inside the door, he was asked in fairly good English: " Who the devil are you ?" Looking around, and-rntc bing his eyes, wondering if hle had sufficient sleep the night before, to his great surprise he espied a cockey perched on the stool he was going to resume, and on attempting to unseat the refractory cockey, the bird said: " Go to hell; I want some tucker." The good-natured Jolhnson shook his head, and, we sup pose, thought to hliself, that many an honest man had been "ragged" for three months for a similar offence. \- TIen LTar DAt('E.-The :MasO ic Hall, Errol-place, was well filled oil New Year's Eve, tIe occasion being a social evening evening given by Mr. Hayes in connection with his dancing class, which was tihe last dance of tie season. The hball was gaily decorated with flags and ferns, and presented a very charming appearance, the large assemblage present, judging lby the way with which they entered into the fun, left no doubt re garding the perfect arrangements made for their convenience. Dancing was kept up vigorously till the small hours of the morning, several vocal numbers rendered during the evening providing a welcome break in the proceedings, whlich were contribulted br Messrs. Cooney, 'riggs., Greenwool_, Hayes andL_ othlers MIr. Ernest Robh supplied the accom panilments to the singing, and gave general satisfaction, likewise Mr. Bred mnleyer's mulsic for thie dancing. AssroIL METwsi.--TIhO anial leetilng of tile subscribers to tile Mechanics' Institute and Free Library will be hld on Friday, 15ll inst., at eight p.m., in the lecture hall, when a full attendance is requcested. Nonrtn aiEl,oM tno c rh OITiEs' Ex cuesion.-Ai meeting of the commnittee in connection with tile above will be hleld oil TIuesday cening next, in the Town Hlall, at 8 p.m., to arranlge this year's excursion, Iand transzact such genenieral Inusiness as shall be brought forward. The chief question at this stage of the iproceedings will be thie location of the pienici, andi the cost of special trains to resuscptive leascuro resorts. On this a variety of opinions may be anticipated; but, lthoughI everybodly's suggestion cannot be adopted, it is to be lhoped a dle:ision satisfactory to tile majority, re speclic g the scene of ,uting, will result. I.O.O.F. IIeirlTia Uitos LotiE. Tihe half-yearly meeting of the naove hlodge was held in tihe lodge-room, U.F.S. Hlall, Queensberry-street, on Wednesday, :;Iothi Decembelr, 18!16. There ywas a fair attendance of imembers. The irinlcilal business of tile eveninlg wcas tile Election of Officers, iwhlichl resutltrd -as fllio!s.: Nt.-., Bro, .-S.ith; -V.G. Bro. A. Chlciiit; Secretary, tiro. T. Crisbie; Treasurer, Bro. JI. Murdoch; RIlepresentatives to Grdn'il Liddge Session, .ros. , d rurIoplh aa9 4. Warne. A NeW Po-,ICct OItFICE.-Inspector Flood is now in c:harge of the North Melbourne police, rice Inspector Young, transferred to Winmmera. The new officer prosecuted for the Crown at the local court for the firsttime yesterday. Swoons VY.uATon.-Mr. Fred. J. Brcorley. architect, of Miiller-st., West Melbourne, has been appointe.l by the Government, to the aboreo?fetle,_Jor the district of Melbourne, Essendon, Flem ington and Kensington, North Mel bourne,tand Williamstown. The official notification of this fact appears in the Gocermnent Gaettlle.o the flst ult. :.. FinE.-At a:olut one o'clock yester day, a fire broke o;t iii thoe'Astralian Biscuit Fictory, Jffcott-street, West Melbourne, which, dnil it nit been fir the pron'pt action of the Fire Brigade, migiht have developed into a serious con flagration. As it was, the only damage done by-the tire was confined to the ridging of the roof; the damage done to the stock, by the flow of water front the firemen's hose being considerably more. The building and stock were insured. 