TBie ISlack Slider: A TALE OF EPPING FOREST. By William Westall, Author of 'Red Ryviugton, &c.;' Part I. On a certain October morning, something more than four-Ecore years ago, a group of horsemen and a pack of harriers were gathered before the Wake Anns, an ancient inn on the borders of Epping Forest. Tlie most con spicuous man iu the group, conspicuous be cause he seemed to be an object of general attention, was a farmer-like individual mounted on a rough colt. j ' How do you say it was, Broadley ?' asked Clinker, a sporting butcher on a thoroughbred screw. ' 1 heard as vou had been robbed : but how was it ?' ' Well, you see, it was this way,' answered Broadley, telling his story for the twentieth time. 'I had been to London to d raw- the ; price of some wheat I had sold, a hundred and twenty in £1 notes. It was middling late when I started for home, and 1 stopped a bit at Woodford Wells*to gruel Boas and get a. glass for myself. Maybe I stopped longer : than I should ha' done, for it was past IX When I Bet out again it was nearly 12. Well, I jogged on quietly, and nothing happened till I got nearly to Copt Hall, when a chap on a black horse jumps the ditch by the roadside just before me and whips out a pistol. ' Your money or your life 1' says he. ' Well, if you'll believe me, I was that takes aback as' I could do nothing but stare at him. Then he shoves bis pistol right under my no3e and aays_ 'Out with it, or I'll blow your brains out,' quite fierce. 'And you outed with it?' put in the butcher. 'I did, and was glad to get off with my life. But a deuced hard caselcall it— ahundred and twenty pounds of hard-earned money clean gone.' ' And what was the high waymftD like ?' 'All black, black clothes, a black mask, and. a black horse, and when ho had pooketed my. money he went away into the forest.' 'The Blaok Rider again, though he does not always ride a black borae, and it may have been a dark brown or a -cheanut. You cannot distinguish shades by night Who ia he, I ? wonder?' ? ? ; ' T atfs what a good many of us would like to know. Anyhow. ? he knows the country well,*1 observed another farmer. ' Miny aonp cannot find bis way. about the forest by day; be can find big by night, and you never bear of anybody of his description calling at a pub. or being seen on the road, except when he is on the job. Queer, monstrous queer, I oall it . . . . Vou have heard what they are say ing I reokon f . . . - 'You moan about Vane— but bush ! here be comes, him and bis daughter.' - 'And Mr. Luoas and Duke Thome.' 'Of course. When. Miss Vane comes out he comes out. Looks like a case.' The lady in question had seen some twenty summers, and with her auburn hair, pink cheeks, laughing blue eyes, slender figure and coquettish ways looked winsome aud dan gerous. No wonder that Marmaduke Thome, a stalwart brown-faced young squire, had lost his heart to her,, though, as yet, with lover-like timidity he had let 'I dare not' wait oil 'I would.' Dolly Vane must have taken after her mother, for she did not resemble her father, a tall, dark-visaged, stern-looking man, whose rare smiles were as grim as his daughter's were sweet. He was engaged in earnest converse with bis friend and neighbor, Mr. Lucas, the master of the hounds, whose ruddy, weather beaten face bespoke good cheer and a sound constitution, a parson -of the old-fashioned sort, whose liking for port was only exceeded byjiis love of field eport and life in the open air. It was indeed rumored that these propen sities cost him more than he could woll afford, and that he was heavily in debt Nevertheless, he was popular with his people^ probably because he was genial and good natured, and spent his money freely when he had any. Which was more than could be said of Stephen Vane ; he was neither genial nor lavish, and though he minded his business, rode straight to hounds, and owed no man any thing, nobody had a good word for him. In part, perhaps, because there was a mystery about him, and the plain squires and farmers among whom he lived disliked whatever inter fered with the gratification of legitimate curiosity, and took kindly to none with whose antecedents they were unfamiliar. Not that Vane was an entire stranger. His father was Parson Lucas's predecessor, aud himself a native, but while in his teens he had left Essex to seek his fortune in foreign parts, and until he appeared one day at the 'Cock,' at Epping, with his daughter, a maid, and a servant man, nothing had been heard of him for weH nigh thirty years. He told the land lord, a man of about his own age who had not quite forgotten him, that he had come home for good and meant to buy or lease a house and a few acres of land and settle in the neighborhood. With the landlord's help he found what he wanted, a roomy old fashioned manor-house with a small park and extensive stabling, known as Fiddler's Hall, and there took up his abode. As his family had been well-known and respected, most of his neighbors of the same class called upon him, and their calls were duly returned. But the}' got little out of him as to his doings during the long period that had elapsed since he left the country. It was, however, understood that he had made the fortune he went to seek chieflv in America, where he had married and lost his wife, and that he had travelled much both in the old world and in the new. But as to the extent of his fortune, how he had made it, and where it was invested, Vane had maintained a pro voking silence, whether from natural roserve or because he had something to conceal, who could say ? Most people thought the latter. Anyhow, he seemed to be well off, kept a stud of high-priced hunters and lent money, and it was believed that he had lent a good deal to Mr. Lucas. Another equivocal peculiarity — in the opinion of local busy-bodies— was Vane's frequent absence from home. He would go away for two or three weeks, occasionally a month at a time, nobody knew whither or why. When Miss Vane was asked what had become of her father, Bhe would answer, with a manner that stopped further enquiries, 'he is away on business.' As much as to say — Mind your business.' All this deepened the mystery. If Vane made business journeys he must have a busi ness.' So much was obvious. But what sort nobody could tell, though there was consider able guessing. Altogether it was no wonder that the tenant of Fiddler's Hall was a good deal in people's minds, and his name often in their mouths. Pabt II. 'Any news this morning?' asked Duke Thome, as ho reined up before the old inn, whereupon all save Broadley answered in chorus — ' Haven't you heard ? Broadley was ! robbed last night.' And the victim, nothing loth, had to tell his tale once more. 'This Black Rider is a very devil of a fellow,' remarked the young squire. 'Some say he is the devil. Anyhow, I wish he would try to rob me. I would not stand and deliver. Why didn't you knock his pistol up and then knock him off his horse?' ' I would ha' done if I had thought of it. But he didn't give me time to think. He jumped out of the forest like a ghost, and had his nasty pistol under my nose before I could sav Jack Robinson.' 'So he took a hundred and twenty pounds : from you? A heavy loss, but with wheat at its ! present price you can afford it, and it will be a lesson to you not to stop gossiping and glass- ; ing whnn you are coming from London with money in your pocket,' said Mr, Lucas, and then turned away to confer with Bill Hawker, , his huntsman. Vane made no remark at the m ?ment, but later in the day he had a word aside with Broftdley. 'If this loss inconveniences you at all,' said he, ''I can let you have a hundred pounds or so for a few months.' But Broadley, answering that he had a tidy balance at his banker's, ' thank God,' bluntly declined the offer, which he ascribed to some sinister motive. In the intervals of the chase, whioh owing . to scarcity of hares and bad scent were pretty numerous, the talk rau almost exclusively on the Black Rider, with occasional references to Stephen Vane— when that gentleman, bis daughter, and Duke Tborne were out of ear- ? shot . . | Though at one time Epping Forest had been '? a haunt of highwaymen, stringent police . measures and regular night patrols had f or ? several years before the date of our story pilb an end to their depredations, which, made the appearance of the Black Rider in the neigh-' borhood all tho more surprising. ! Every! attempt to catch or «n trap,, or e von to identify J him, had so far proved futile. His ways were not the ways of ordinary highwaymen. He was seldom seen at olose quarters except. by I his victims, and as he wore a mask none of - them had seen his face. He was always well j mounted, too, although nobody had the least j idea where he kept his horses, and as Clinker, I the sporting butcher, shrewdly observed, a chap cannot keep a horse in his. pocket. It was at first supposed that be bailed from the metropolis, but as no man answering to -i his description was ever encountered on the: road, though -assiduously ..watched for, this, theory had to be abandoned. Moreover, as a ? rule, he robbed only local people, and none were molests* who had not a good round sam in their purses; from which, and other cir oumstanoes, it was evident that the, Blaok' Rider was in tbe way of knowing a great deal* about people's movements and affairs. - - Tb» difficulty was to spot him, and though; many bad suspicions nobody ventured to put them into a definite shape until Sidebones, the Tiorsedealor, one night electrified' the company at the Roebuok by hinting that, in his opinion, Stephen Vane was the delinquent 'If I may tell you what I think,' eaid he, 'the Blaok Rider does not live more than twtaty miles from Fiddler's Hall ' ' That's nonsense ; rich men don't risk their necks by robbing on the highway,' said one of them. 'Besides Va— ' 'Name no names. It is dangerous, and what we are saying here must go no further,' interruped the horse-dealer. 'As you say, rich men don't rob, leastways on the highway, but it has never been proved as ho ia rich. What was he about all the time he was in foreign parts? Nobody knows. What ,is this business as takes him away every now and then for weeks on end? Nobody knows. Where does beget his income from? Nobody knows. If all was straightway aud above board do you think there would be i« much mystery ? And that is not all. There was no Black Rider before ho came into, the country, and no robbery has been committed except at points that can be got to from Fiddler's Hall through the forest, and there's poachers as has seen a horseman stealing by night down the Green Ride, and you know where that leads to. That's the point. Who else is there as keeps horses, knows what's going on, and can find his way about the forest after dark?' 'That's true. AU the same, a man like that could not go out riding late 'at night without the servants suspecting something, and if they suspected they would blab,' urged another of the company. 'Why not? It's not as if it was every night. It is only now and then. And that servant man, as sleeps over the stable and is as close as. the grave, would dress his horse' down and nobody be any the wiser. They are both in it, as sure as my name is Sidebones. ? . . But this must go no further. It is quite among ourselves, and no namos, please, or some of us will be getting into a-hobble/' 'Quite among ourselves,' acquiesced the company, probably meaning to be as good as their word. Nevertheless, all - who were married related to their wives what had passed, with variations and additions, and the tale was whispered from one to another until it became the town's talk, although a consider able time elapsed before it came to the know ledge of those whom it principally concerned. Pakt III. ' I am afraid we have lost the hounds,' said Dolly Vane, leaning forward in her saddle and listening intently. 'So am I,' answered Duke Thome, glanc ing admiringly at Dolly. ' I have not heard either the born or Bill's voice for half an hour ?rmore.' ' Where are the others, I wonder?' 'Goodness knows. All over the forest, I expect.' ' Really, this is very tiresome, losing hounds and getting lost ourselves. It is your fault, Mr. Thome ; I followed you, and you led me astray.' 'I am very sorry. Never mind, though, if we wait here we are sure to hear them before long.' But he did not look sorry, not in the least. He had led Dolly astray with intention, and wished neither to see nor hear aught of the bounds for the rest of tbe day.' 'It is really too bad,' declared Dolly, trying to look cross. 'My skirt is torn and my hair down; f must be a perfect fright.' 'You a fright ! I never Baw you looking so well, and those loose curls become you to ' perfection. Don't put them up, please don't.' 'Oh, but I must. I cannot go about in this way. Will you please hold Ranger for a moment?' Duke drew near to Dolly and laid hold of her bridle rein. 'I say Doll — I beg your pardon, I mean Misb Vane— I want to ask you a question. May I ?'_ he stammered. 'Yes,' what is it, Mr. Thome?' turning her face away. ' Well, I am not much of a hand at making speeches and that. But I can ask a question. Will you marry mo?' 'So' that is the question.' 'It U, and the most important for my hap piness I everput in my life. Won't you say yes, Dolly ? You know I love you.' Dolly did know, and was well disposed to say 'yes' to her lover's request, jet her face grew very serious, and she remained silent so long that Duke began to feel uneasy. ' Won't you 6ay 'yes' and put me out of my misery ?' he repeated imploringly. ' On one condition.' 'Name it, dear. Any possible condition I will gladly fulfil.' 'Vou must catch the Black Rider, or, at least, find out who he is and all about him.' ' God bless me ! Catch the Black Rider ! Why on earth ? ? ' 'Never mind why. That is my secret — for the present. Catch him or find out who he is.' 'I think it would be easier to catch him; and I will either do it, Dolly dear, or know the reason why,' and his arm stole round her waist and his face drew near to hers. ' You must not, Duke — I cannot— Go away, please. Somebody might see — ' 'Nonsense, darling. There is nobody about.' ' You don't knpw. Mr. Lucas, or Bill, or one of the hounds might pop up at any mo ment. And there goes the horn, quite close. Let us go.' And with that Dolly gathered up her reins and cantered off in tho direction of the sound, followed by Duke. They found most of the hunters in a glade of the forest. Tha master and the huntsmen were calling the hounds off, preparatory to going home. The day was over. After exchanging a look of intelligence with her lover, Dolly rode off with her father, Duke following, though not immediately, with Mr. Lucas, whom, before parting, he informed of his intention to catch the Black Rider. ' I hope you may, but take .care you don't : catch a Tartar,' Baid the parson, laughing pleasantly. 'You must be very sanguine, though, to think you .can succeed where the police and so many others have failed.' '^jiybow I can try,' answered Duke, and he did: try, albeit with disappointing results, or rather, no result at all. As he oouldnot very ?«v»H make an appointment with,. the highwayman, he had to go out at. a venture and -perambulate the borders of the forest, always «f course well armed and at the witch ing hour of night, on the off chance of falling in wjch him — which he never did, nor even heard of him, and felt bo discouraged thereby that he. made sure the Blaok Rider had left the neighborhood, and .besought Polly to absolve him from' his promise. . ?,.,., ?'.:... . ..-.?: : . ' Ishall dp nothing of the sort,'' she said, resolutely, 'If you don't catch the Black Rider you don't catch me. Besides, . _you haven'tgoneabout itin the right way. . : You made no.sScret of your intention.© Everybody knows; and you may depend upon it the Black -Rider known too ; and as he doeB not want to be caught, and is probably a coward,- be will not go on to the warpath wh.ife .you are after Kim.*/ - -Keep a ib till .tongue, andi try something ?: ?slsW ''?-??????-', -^ ??. -',?:.[?:?: .t:ii.-:-i*5S'(i-h . ^ ? oa..Qn*s .hint Duke: acted. ? ; After itelljpg. divers people that there seemed to be. no more ohanoe ; of ? catching the Blaok -. Rider -. than a Will o'ithe Wisp, and making as ^hqugh he had abandoned the enterprise,- he took into his. confidence, Giles ; Lambert, one of his ^father's1 tenants,; ft man of some - .substance - and *a bold ? spirit, and tbe two' hit on ;an; ingenious devioe; ?for entr^ppmrthe gentleman.! - -.«t]--f«J4ji !*'?£.--?. [ - Lambert prepared the..way;by uipiJtipning] one night at the Gock that he, had sold some . ' :':; wheat at a tiptop price, and on a day he .'' aamed was going to London to draw the pro- *-' r ceeds. ... .: . .' 'How about the Black Rider 1' asked some- ' . '- body.- ' ? ? . ? '- . ? ?'.. '.' 'Oh, I don't think we shall hear of that, - .o chap any more ; he has not been seen for ' months. Retired from business, I reckon, or maybe got lagged somewhere else. Fellows like him alwaye get lagged sooner or later,' said Lambert carelessly. ? 'So you don't believe what they have been saying about— you know who I mean V 'Not I, nor anybody else with any sense.., It does not follow, because the villain knows ' ? ; the. forest and rides good cattle, that he. is a gentleman of the neighborhood.' In the meanwhile Duke and Lambert had completed their arrangements. The farmer, who lived a mile or two wide of Epping,-as/ to go to town on the day agreed upon and tins? his return journey so as to r&ch; Golding^ Hill about midnight, for between that point and Bell Common ran a long stretch of road whera the highwayman would probably wait for his, prey, Thereabouts Duke would also lie in wait, and if the event which they antici pated came off, fall on the Black Rider while he was engaged with Lambert So on the night in question the young squire mounted his fleetest horse and rode by devious ways to Golding's Hill, where he took post among the trees on the west side of the road, the wildest part of the forest being on the other side. There was light of moon, but every now and then drifting clouds intercepted her rays, N rendering the road invisible and covering the forest with darkness. Carriages,' horsemen, foot people and a mail coach, and after a long - interval a belated haycart, went by. But as the night wore on passers-by became fewer and fewer, aud the silence was disturbed only by the cry of a corncrake or the bark of a wandering cur. After a while Duke, keenly observant, and with eyes attuned to the darkness, detected the vague figure of a mounted man, which seemed to have emerged from the forest, and was lurking in the deep shade cast by the trees. Presently the ring of hoofs was heard, fol lowed by the snatch of a song. ''Tis my delight on a shiny night, in the season of the year,' the signal by which it had been agreed that Lambert should give notice of his coming. Duke tightened his reins and cocked his pistol. So did the highwayman, and as the farmer came abreast of him he advanced into the moonlight and bade him stand and deliver in a voice which Thome fancied he had heard before. 'Stand and deliver 1' said Lambert coolly. ' You have got the wrong sow by the ear this time, my man. All I have about me is a crown and a few coppers ? ' 'Nonsense ! You have two hundred pounds if you have a penny. Shell out or I'll shoot you.' Duke dashed into the road. 'Surrender, or I'll shoot you,' he shouted. The Black Rider answered with a pistol shot, which missed its mark, then wheeled his horse round and galloped off, followed by a bullet from Duke's pistol, which also missed. - 'After him! Come along, Lambert!' and away they went as fast as they could go. The Black Rider turned into the Green Ride, a broad track of rough ground, all up hill and down dale, as dangerous to gallop over by night as leading a forlorn hope. But on he went, neck or nothing, Duke close behind him, the farmer, whose nag was both tired and fat, a bad third. After sinking one hill and rising another, they reached a bit of more even ground, then crossed a heath, full of waterholes, among which the Black Rider threaded, his way with wonderful dexterity, giving his pursuer a lead without which he had inevitably coine to grief. Then the Green Ride again, under overhanging boughs, and down hills which in the darkness looked like unfathomable depths. But on they sped, Duke keeping his man well in view, yei ? despite his utmost efforts, unable to overtake him, until, nearly at the bottom of the last descent, the highwayman's horse put his foot into a rabbit hole, turned a complete somer sault, and rolled over his rider. Duke, saved from a like fate by the swerving of his horse, pulled up and dismounted, for the fallen steed did not seem disposed to rise, and the Black Rider lay beside him, all in a heap, stone dead. When Lambert came up, Duke bade him keep watch until he returned, then rode on to Epping. The village waB silent and dark, bub Thome roused the people at the Cock, told them what had happened, and asked for a cart to fetch the dead highwayman — a request with which the landlord, who was greatly excited by the news and eager for a solution of the mystery, promptly complied. ' I will go with you myself,' Mr. Thome,' said he. ' Bring lanterns, men.' As they neared the scene of the accidenb Lambert called out to them — * 'A nice go this I A regular tragedy I call it ! The horse is dead, too— dead as a stone !' ' Drat the .horse ! I want to have a look at the Black Rider. We shall know who he is. now,' exclaimed the landlord, letting the light of a lautern fall on the dead man's face. ' My God I Parson Lucas !' An investigation of Mr. Lucas's affairs showed that they had long been seriously embarrassed, and that to retrieve them he had taken to betting, which only made bad worse. Then, pressed by creditors, and at his wit's end for money, he resorted to highway robbery to fill up the void, a system which his position and local knowledge enabled him to carry on with impunity, suspected only by the Vanes, who, in the absence, of proof, had to keep their own counsel. ' But when Dolly beard that suspicion had fallen .on her father, Bhe resolved that the mysterious highwayman should be unmasked, and to that 'end, as we know, utilised her lover's devotion. The task being accomplished, Duke Thome claimed the reward, which was graciously granted. He found her fatlier both less austere and more freehanded than he bad expected. Mr. Vane dowered Dolly handsomely, and when he died left her a noble fortune. 