By NUNQUAM DOKMI Now that the weights have bennX , 1 bourne Cup, let " take o"»nM, ££?] And-in this connection, to mavn ,1 trite remark originally credited to a ItI remlXj °PM my '°0"th a,1°" '» TJ Of latter days it has become fashions J a certain section of the Turf community f/J to ridicule the idea of any person1 a searching and thorough analysis in afa v iJ a handicap which these « slobberers» 7JI taken an " expert " with voluminous note, J cords of each horse's performances weeks t0f Now that; deduction looics plausible enough! first blush, but when it is put to a crucial I talis to pieces like so much shoddy There! the slightest necessity for keeping voluminoJ and records of each, horse's performances a J matter of fact no person-handicapper, or'othl -could do so, seeing that the latest edition! Australian Racing Chronicle (Vol. Ill,), publij Mr. .T. J. Miller, contains the names' of oil horses that had taken part in race meeting! toria, New South Wales, South Australia" J land, Tasmania and West Australia (to say i$ whatever about New Zealand) during thesis! between July, 1896, and February, 189". J J-:- I I have been informed on really good aul that Mr. George Vowles, the handicapper! Victoria Amateur Turf Club, does not finj necessary to keep every horse's perforiiianl his fingers' ends." He keeps them "in 'is 'J to speak, and yet he manages to attract an J field to the post for the Cauifield Cup year aft J So long as the student of racing form will fl himself to the best performances of indg horses at special distances, and then comprni with others of the same age, he is just as eap| ever the great Father of All Handicapping-!! Rous himself-was to gauge the probability race. I And thus it is that I place before you thaSj cap for the Melbourne Cup in a practical ffl that you can compare for yourselves how hifl the same age are apportioned to meet. Byl what ycu consider to be the most favourabfl dicapped horses In each section, and af« putting them together-a task which anyl could execute comfortably and thorough!! couple of hours-you woxild have the real sfl of the handicap- according to your racing I and," duly provided with " Miller's Guide"om tanr's Index," there will be little use foranjniB Press or otherwise - save and except fl necessity the scribe who is in constant nttfflj at the various training tracks, and posse® happy knack of knowing what to write nndj leave unwritten, stands a much greater pr« of securing "stable" information (in both ? than the layman-or even handicnpper-i'B gauges the contestants by their performance® racecourse. fl Another thing; The Melbourne Cup hand! any big handicap, is much easier to analysow to the fact that every horse possessing ft cm® comes fit and well to the post will he Un jB they don't liun Byes in Melbourne Cups-ii ® Though I don't say but that some of ? jockeys flnish a bit further astern than t » be were they to make an effort artor tn ) ? seized of the fact that they have no hope <? All of which preamble is but a sort of'pro'H my thrashing the Melbourne Cup »? placing you on nearly an equal pin, ,? for making observations, and roauoin,, . ? remaining in (Hoar Hear having bo ? Monduy, and Concussion dying m , , ? preceding Saturday) down to a fi|,a . ,{? the doing of which I purpose trei^'n ? ages as under. H Turn A a job DIVISION.-Tlior0 uns" in the list-Havoo fl-> j[0fl 9-4, Delaware 9-3, Cremorne < 8-10, Loyalty 8-1, ^0,?P0,?8nnrl.So 7-ftH 13, Sundial 7-11, Argent 7-fl, So- 0<ft(|tB 7-7, Sunbury 7-0, ltonda /-4, 10 , ^ j jifl ungi 0-7. Havoc is l»nndi°nppoa J weight for age ; Battalion (a tart,i3 fjtfjfl that standard. W ere Havocit . t,0H as in the Australian Cup of ' ri0\Vninff '''fl the Nordenfoldt-Frailty bora to bo Batfcailoua ; but as Havoc app . foronuo.^H must stand tho Quoonalaudor 1i . waro would be cortain to run # fc j and I must have him on my » j,«onr. 7-13, or 8 lb. loss tlinn he ciftrrioti (fy « llko to include my oklfftv01'. , (| mo so the elect; but ho has (J.I8^P"lu0tn,ntly< '.B I must pass him by-ftlboit . ^([.fciinoi^B tho only three I. will ^nd of tl>° ? TAIiXON, DiQTjAWAHWi .(vncl PKVOff. M n Which number J.B- .trresiion as 'Burrabari 8-4, Mischief 7-13, MTwU 7-10. Trent 7-9, Dreamland 7-8, r/o Reward 7-8. &aulus; 7"8- Benedict 7-4, 'i-lind 7-0, Fairlight 0-13, Victoria, 6-12, ^ fi.7 Trentalto 6-7, and Rosella 6.7. Tq 2 last year; so that the St. Leger (-, haq been levelled downwards half a ffwte U» '? bs.<"b.(w"¥ ">"> «n& all I can say 19 th&t; 1 Alderman I9', black daughter of . Splendor and . ilb better than Preston over two miles of 'ha must have been wasting her sweetuess rfrert sir for quite a long time during her °°6r, Burrabari dropped from the clouds ' aria's Oup and finished third. He had on his back then ; he has never won a race J/never having been good enough to enter Ly) and now (taking into consideration hie Elloffance) he is put down as being on an gLith Preston. Well-perhaps he is ; but Hen the Patriarch Job wasn't " in it" for fa alongside old Jim Redfearn. To my way though Burrabari is suifering from a foMhe "Marusa Blight" which never L to have quite deserted the Beverley Lodge jsince Malvolio won the Melbourne Cup in jTrent might have a chance at 7-9 ; though I (prefer Dreamland at 7-8. He has been a Jli'.-jppomtment to a number of people since fried off the Maribyrnong Plate; but his I stuik to him, and while they stick 1 shall it. Hindoo, Steward, and Gaulus are a nt 7-8; and of the two I prefer Gaulus, Elbe fact that he is in the Caulfleld Gup 31b My three amongst the six-year-olds are r, DKEAJUAND and GAULUS. ' /EARS-OLD.-A properly dangerous agej and ' Iton to boot-Wallace 9-13, Euroolydon 9-9, to W, Valiant 8-8, The Chevalier 8-6, Ayr 5\. The Merry Boy 8-4, O'Trigger 8-4, Royal 184, Miraclutq fi-2, Acton 8-0, Toreador 8-0, ood 8 0, Parthenopeus 7-12, Paul Pry 7-9* W7-9, Positano 7-7, St. David 7'7, Bluecap ilbine 7-7, Swivan 7-2, Don John 6-13, Malio first Ascot fl-10, Alabaculia 6-10, and Canal I Mice waa given a stone more than weigh t I last year as a four-year-old, was a warm e,went down in the Caulfleld Stakes, did not the Melbourne Cup, and is now handicapped I omweight-for-age as a five-year- old. Oar aiM iFifch 10-0 as a fourryear-old, but JM with 5 b. more as a five- year-old. And iiestepeople who maintain that Wallace is ian(M)ine ! If he is only as good, the Cup certainty for him 5 but, in my opinio^ Slv ^- i? P him1as fafe as safe can be, !!Li i ^uroelydon can concede the d vou 9 wnP0n n do,to °^h6rs of same and WW G°odman 8 chestnut son of mo. hie\j,?0rr/ril(?6 "3ua* ke a smashing thnV » TW n(^ record proves that t two miles and a ' wT?L uyear'°ldJin the sP"ng) LIL5.^6 phenomenal time of 3min. 10M Wo erLfchan tho re°ord for our Aua ,^Xd^Mh\boa^ in New Ze»tand u /onl"! ^ ,t ,he has been turned out for Ifce riske of thn U Up)' and what »*, ancl wW VOya«° over> accli 1 to tounh i?0b' ifc.. would not "" for it tVinf i. */? until we have Joodoubtedly be wort-1 -and Then he M time ValtoSlj «*VH 'VMbment' But afc piM, Itoval ! 5e Merry Boy 8-4, F H and Pr,A ^ ' Miraclum 8-2, Wi whilst wondo^monf- fil1 the eye more 1° i,Je« Of ' suofiaea what can andAla^aoulin^/M° (M"'lun-r,a<dy Ven ? "lis ago an(j . 'j a (Marvellous-1Tuscarora) I'Whaveaofflo ? *°r suoh an event I confine myaoTf f? °f 2 F,hance- Natheless, 1 THE MMV B the fiye-year-olds W, Boy, MIBAOLUM, and F'fKAR.nr.r>r, mi . '' T* |»Mora' 8-2 M D6 in n-H-Coil 9-3, III3* 7-11ThVw00! a'°> waitabit 8-0, 7-0, Stmfwt^Musketeer 7-10, Kobold v I , "'yong 7.9 st'mVi ^"sketeor 7-10, Kobold Athlone 7'.7 r, aP.Qy 7-9, Sortie 7-8, Honi T"7' locksmith 7"n, Motto 7.0K?Ja7r^ Courage 7-3, The fekfc".OohorM.8??hin? (i"12' Amnesty L7n,1°/ Woodbino (i 7 "r\' Fin°e 'Carbine (i-ll, lij cftnuot nn 3?eari*0-7, andTront *0|ght-fOr.a un»vgine Coil being ail> Sfllu tho tost DrJ0 lb* Vofcter colb than L ""'shod sooond in t-i n,ani Cup running. iifdnf°f,0ubt Coil 1 ® -Derby and fourth in W,himl« lb- ^ tho kimt1"'? oolfc was "bonf (j"12)s but then tho c,yro *: this L1;,;^0", °»t of sight, it-s lufohnW " wihh o'-,a ut the way thoy 111 »iM.C.011^ posalblv '. bare thought Cl l« 01'rwino hQ has proved pt m ko E»Sv<lr,n . woi^t-for-ago of a ^ziiTnsh to ?iv° °n° Won , 0l'«lu(;<H) f. ,'P. 1H n- UBoful oolt, <bttA n 1' ' lu'^10ld, Whothor at Cu,?^f toxtev,er (T both) L?"'1' 1,0,1 Uui M ]1'lrcl horno to iioat. Kthnf a thii"'r - y M'lltui, and his '«45i 0; vighb clone to D l1 .,18S-l.°nly for tbat flpafc "i. {?,'i w. "0'1 Malua was nt Fiomlngton. Kobold Zf a real good two-year-old the day he downed Newhaven m the Normanby Stakes, and' I will have fWnTwiiJ?-7 T breeding-by Sfcrathraore from Melodious. I can only call to mind Strath spey sporting silk once-in the Hopeful Stakes (for two-year-olds) at Flemington, won by Aroha (after a dead heat with Sayles.) Thore was a pretty big field-about a dozen and a half if my memory serve! ^ neitbf? Strathspey nor Resolute were xn_the betting-or the hunt. So that my four THREE-year-OLDS.-Look here, Mr. Compositor, o rreTrSi.8^ .these coveys, an follows Aurum *;f>- P'e®t "£dm'ral 7-10. Key 7-10. Amberite 7-8, Hypnotist 7-5. Patriot 7-4. Burleigh I't' S S0rt,e 7-3< PhiHP 7-2. Nor'-TSsst 7-2, Manfred 7-0, Metford 6-13, La Carabine 6-13, Hvmettus 0-12, Carbinier 6-12, Alva 6-12, Majestic 6-U, Tapioca 6-11, Reliance 6-10, Toxteth . G-10, Nudity 6-10 Admirer 6-10, Boscobel 6-9. Lebel 6-9, Vir c^0 ®"9, Erl Q»een 6-9, Bunyan 6-9, Strath ^oy 6-8, Bengal Tiger 6-8, Heritas 6-8, Rhymer 6-8. Clarion fl-S. Luster 6-7, Lord Salisbury 6-7, Elected 6-7. Pinfire 6-7. and Carbina 6-7; and my first impression was to direct you to rub the whole box and dice of them "ruth lessly out," as poor old Dicker Hamilton was wont to do in the palmy days of "Nimrod's Ghost." Phenomenal little ."cart-horse" though he is, Aurum is^ certain to be anchored with 8-6, even if Newhaven did win with fully half a stone in hand. There will be something better than Bloodshot to " chivvy " the Cup winner home this year, take my tip for it, and# after "snavelling" the race two years in suc cession it isn't up to a three year old's turn again. Taking into account her sexual allowance (5 lb) Key is rated at 5 lb. bettor than Fleet Admiral and within 5 lb. of Aurum. Very flattering to Key, no doubt ; but hardly in accord with James "Wilson, junior's, fixing- up of things, I should imagine You see there's not much " sentiment" in young Jimmy's composition. There never was in "t'ould man's" either, now I come to consider. However, it's no use wasting time over such matters. As T said be fore, I am not going to give the noble army of three year olds the ghost of a. show; albeit, were I to do. so. I fancy I should prefer the best of Mr. W. R. Wilson's triumvirate -Manfred, Majestic and Reliance. There, 1 have boiled down the whole 129 to a baker's dozen-Battalion, Delaware, Devon, Preston, Dreamland, Gaulus, Valiant, The Merry Boy, Miraclum, Positano, Waitabifc, ICobold and Strath spey. . And to . follow in friend " Goodwood's" plucky footsteps and further reduce these 18 to 6-"in for a penny, in for a pound "-I shall stand or fall by Variant THE MERRY BOY MTRAOULTJM WAITABIT PRESTON DREAMLAND There is suoh Phenomenal Singularity between the apportionment's for the Melbourne Cup and Caulfleld Cnp that it is extremely 'difficult to^con ceive they could be the handioraft of two totally different people. Of course there are a few discrepancies; but no more than there would he had one individual framed both handicaps, and went in for a little experimen talising with the same horses over a mile anda half and a two-mile course respectively. Just take up the A (/a at last Tuesday, and study the Comparative Weights table for . yourselves j after whioh you will thoroughly endorse my view that their General Unanimity is Something Truly Marvellous. And all the more so when one comes to take into considwintion that the Melbourne Cup hnndioapper is oredited with being theorafcioal-.not to say pedantic-to a degree,, whilst the1 Caulfleld Cup apportioner is always quoted by his intimates as heiug a slap-dash, cookflure-abput-everything so.rt of customer likely to fall into very grave errors of judgment indeed. Yet Mr. George 'Voiles makes remarkably Rood handicaps in the main, .and his latest Caulfleld Cup manifesto is hardly lively to belittle his fame one iota. With regard to'his'treatment of the tnreo prominent, three-yen r-olds--Aurum' 8-6, 1< leet Admiral 7-12, and Key 7-8-his deduction as to their reapeotive capabilities prftapntH it^lt:.as much more equitable than Mr. k1', Daldn s. Mr. Vowlos iwalros JCffy out to be lib better (on tnp w.f.a. scale) than Fleet Admiral at a mile and a half j and of. course over a two-milo journey tbey would bo oven more on an equality i whereas Mr, Dakin asks the Ally to concede the oolt hor sexual allowance of 5lb over the longer journey. However, I have taken up q.uito enough spaoo for ono week with matters 'relating to handiaapping, and shall withhold further oritioism on the Caul flnlrl Clin until the whirligig of 'Iirao onahloa me to decipher more clearly how stable intentions"* are likely to incline. With just this small addendum s That a number of the horses I selected amongst my 13 for the Melbourne Cup may possibly prefer the shorter distance - Battalion, Preston, Valiant;, Dreamland, Miraclum, ; Positano, Wait-a-Bit, and Gaulus, to wit; whilst the "additional" crowd (not in the Melbourne Cup) include such "choice" goods as Survivor, Foliage, Bonnie Heather, Akarini and Laura. , -:-; v As soon as the weights were declared on Monday several heavy doubles were indulged in, Foliage being supported for the Caulfield Cup, in conjunct tion with Wait-a-Bit for the Melbourne Cup. to win .£25,000 at lOOO's to 2. Fleet Admiral and Wait-a Bit, as also Sunbury pnd Wait-a-Bit, were each coupled for .£20,000 at the same odds. Previous to the declaration of the handicaps one plucky admirer of Aurum accepted .£600 to 30 about him for the double, Derby and Cup. Hear-Hear has dropped out of the Caulfield Cup as well as the Melbourne Cupi At the time of writing there is every appearanoe of a heavy downpour before Saturday, and this, of course, may interfere with the chances of some of the contestants at Flemington on the opening day of the V.R.C. Grand "National Meeting. Taking, everything into consideration, however, I shall expect to see the different events " pan out" some what as follows:-Maiden Hurdle-Veronica. Bou Ton, Mainstay. Two-Year-Old Handicap-Carlos, "Wild Haven, Luster. . Grand National Hurdle Larrikin, Nora Creina, Buzzi. Maiden Steeplechase -Hayseed, Mailboat, General. Winter Handicap O'Trigger, Catapaw, Canoona. Just prior to the Inst Liverpool. Grand National Steeplechase an English .backer toolr five pagers of .£10,000 to .£900 each about The Soarer, Norton, Nepcote, Cathal and Wild Man. from Borneo respec tively, for that event. Which little deal cost him exactly -£4500. Ha was, as a matter-of-fact, accept ing .£6400 to £4500 that one of the five did not win. 'And, as another matter-of- fact,' not one of the five he backed finished in the first half-dozen, which con sisted of Manifesto, Filbert, Ford of Fyne,' Prince Albert, Lotus Lily and Timon. But for falling at the very last obstacle though Cathal would have been second. "Ha! ha!" as the Chinese store keeper remarks when he is ohecking off your pak-a pu ticket, " Four markee ! Welly clo* five! You piittee in agen ! You oatch-'em next time!" It is now asserted that the racehorse Orme is not mad. He is as quiet as a sheep in his box, but re sents all attempts to bridle him. Which is an indi cation of Sanity rather than of Madness. Writing to a friend thereanent the Duke of West minster remarks " Poor Orme is as quiet as an old sheep in his box while left undressed or un bridled and runs out into his yard. 1 am in hopes we may circumvent him for next season; his stock is so very promising-as are the foals of this year as well." In many oases, there is no doubt, horses go wrong in their tempers through bad management. Others, again,-have ft reputation for being ..savages," and maintain it simply because their attendants are frightened of them. There is nothing more certain than this. A. Nervous Man makes a Nervous Horse, and, by con sequence, a dangerous stallion. Absenoe of all fear enables a man to handle almost, any animal with absolute impunity. Whioh was proved to demons tration when Beau Brummel was sold at Newmarket (England) in December, 1891. Beau Brumrael had a fearful reputation, of which Shipley, the Oobham stud groom, knew nothing; and in blissful ignorance he went into the horse's box, handled him, and thoroughly examined him. During this examination Beau Brummel was as quiet as a sheep, but Shipley was informed immedi ately afterwards by one of the horses's attendants, who arrived on the soeno, that it was only by a miraole he had come out of the box alive. When Beau Brumraol was led into the sale ring ho had a man on either side, and one with a stick in front of him. ID von tho auctioneer, Mr. Tattersall, was ready to vacate the rostrum should the horse make a rush for him. Buyers were, of course, alarmed at these formidable precautions, and he only fotchod 200 guineas. Tho funny part of the business though, was that Beau Brumvuol being bought at that price to go to Austria-Hungary, was handed over to one of those rough- and-ready men who are in tho habit of taking consignments of blood stook to tho Continent, and 110-troating tho horse no differently from what ho did any other-exporioneod not tho slightest diffi culty with him ; and, moro than that, as no ono in his now oountry had any idea about his previous oharaoter, Boau Brummel has never caused the slighest trouble to anyone there. L*«fc week T directed attention to the senseless twaddle sometimes indulged in anent the "cupidity" of certain of our raciner corporations and associations ' in allowing Selling Races to " deface " their pro ; grammes. " . Now I never observed any practical suggestion ? put forth by these twaddlers to "improve" the soiling plater off the face of the racing earth despite all their reviliriers ; and with every confidence in the virtue of the old maxim that " Prevention is Better \- than Cure " I desire to direct attention to the fact that in America. Mr. Lucas (a son of the soil) has brought forward a new and apparently valuable .proposition having for its motive the degradation and ultimate weeding-out of sellingcplaters, and in consequence selling races. Let each association on the-. American Continent (he writes) give one race a week during the period of its meeting, with a maximum weight of. 7st. 21b., for a purse of JB100. All of the putse should go to the winner who should then become the property of the Association. The horse should at once he branded under the mane as an "outlaw." Then .the associa tion should be at liberty to sell the beast at public auction, give him away, Or make whatever use of him it seems fit. Furthermore (Mr. Lucas continues) the Jockey Club, Turf Congress, and Mr. S. D. Bruce (of the American Stud Booh) should be immediately notified of the action taken ; and, if the winner be a stallion or mare, the progeny should not be eligible for registration, and should be for ever " outlawed" from the Turf. For every time a horse is beaten in one of these special races he should be given an allowance of 81b. in other races of a similar char acter, so that in time all the worthless beasts will get in at weights at which they can win; and the turf will get rid of them and theirjstrain of blood for all time to come. Under this plan (the introducer avers) the tracks can practically wipe out all these inferior races in a couple of years, and keep themselves rid of them thereafter. And while the horses so "outlawed" and their progeny cannot be raced they can be used for other purposes. They may still be utilised as saddle horses, driven in delivery waggons, used on farms, or, in fact, for anything except racing. They would be very generally crossed with the cold blooded horses in. ordinary use, and the general standard of horseflesh in the oountry would be greatly improved by the infusion of the thorough bred strain. The weather last Saturday afternoon was not in favour of first-class football; but_ although there were some big surprises sprung, it would be ridicul ous to charge these to the account of " atmospheric conditions." ' On the occasion of their previous meeting Foots cray bad collapsed before Port Melbourne to the extent of 17 points (2-5) to 51 (6-9), but thfcugh their victors had the advantage of playing on their own territory on Saturday, the representatives of St'oneapolis made a much sturdier struggle against them, and had it not been for the misfeasance of one of their players during the first quarter (pushing Johnson, who registered a goal from the free kick awarded) they might have actually triumphed. Instead of that they had an uphill game to play all through, the outlook being particularly discourag ing at half-time, when the Ports held an advantage of 19 points to 8. Nothing daunted, the visitors battled along stoutly ; albeit, they were eventually defeated by 5 points, the scoreB being-Port Mel bourne 20 points (3-11), Footscray 24 (3-(5). Goal kiclcers . Port Melbourne-Dalev, Johnson, Ander son. ' Footscray-Gregory 2, Rutley. Stuokey being an absentee from the North Mel bourne ranks, H, Launder, the vice-cnptain, grace fully handed over theskipperahip to Diclc Houston, and that worthy handled his forces with such judg ment that although the tryst took place on the 'Richmond'Cricket Ground, the local team were right .Under the whip from shortly after the start. For all tliat the match was an excellently contested one, the play at times being extraordinarily fast con sidering the unfavourable state of the ground. At half-time the Northerners were leading by 29 points to 18, and after that the Yellow and Black banner got farther and farther in the rear until at the call of time the scoring- board showed-North Molbourne 50 points (7-8), Richmond 14 (2-3.) Goal-lciokers : North Melbourne;-Taylor 2, Murray 2, Barty, O'Louglilen, Snow. Richmond- Elder 2. . At Brunswick too the invaders proved thoraselves to be far and away tlio better " mud-larks," the home team only succeeding a solitary point-a minor one at that-during the opening quarter. Of oourse anything approximating brilliant play was entirely oat of the question ,. but yet the Williams town tally of 48 points (fl-7) was distinctly crfdit vDld as nn exhibition of efllcient shooting at goal -with a sodden ball. Goal-kickers: Williamstown ^I'Kinley 2, ICennernon 2, Guthrie, Dyson. The lucky victory of Port Melbourne on Saturday gives them a strong lead over the other five clubs participating in the contest for the Association premiership, and as they are now 8 points in advance of either Footscray or North Melbourne (who are running a dead heat for second place), it is next door to a certainty that the football pennant will adorn the Port Melbourne Cricket Ground next season. That's one fchin^ about the Port Melbourne players; after a defeat they come up smiling-and, if anything-bolder than ever. And they can stand two defeats now and yet be on an equality with the best of their opponents. EXACT POSITIONS OF ASSOCIATION CLUBS TO DATE. Club. Port Melbourne. Footsoray ,. North Melbo'rne 'Willinnistowa . BiclnnOud Brunswick .a- -M lol 8 £ 3-GOO 2 800 2'800 1-400 1-000 0-800 Principal ASSOCIATION QOATJ-Kickers. Daley (Port Melb.) ... Elder (Richmond) Rowan (Port Melb.) ... Rutley (Footsoray) ... Ryan (Richmond) Gregory ( Footscray)... Kennerson (Wilstown) Pitcher (Richmond) ... II. Launder (N. Melb.) Taylor (N. Melbourne) Grunden (Footscray)... Shannon (Port Melb.) Hillyer (Brunswick) ... 0?Loughlin (Brnswck) Hayes (Richmond) ... Johnson (Port Melb.) W. Warren (Wilmstn) Scott (Williamstown) Wilkina (Williamston) Guthrie (Willimston) Goble (Williamstown) 24 O'Loughlin (N. Melb.) 18 Barty (N. Melbourne) 15 Murray (North Melb.) 15 Snow (North Melb.) lO Torpey (North Melb.) 8 E. Launder (N. Melb.) 8 Houston (N. Melbrne) 7 Henderson (P. Melb.) 6 Anderson (P. Melb.) 6 Powell (Port Melbne) 6 Morgan (Port Melb.) 6 Fitzpatrick (P. Melb.) 6 C. Monagle (P. Melb.) 5 Worroll (Willimston) , 4 Charles (Willimston) 4 M'Kinley (Wilstown) 4 Drew (Footscray) ... 4 Armstrong (Footscry) 4 Ryan (Brunswick) ... 4 Johnson (Brunswick) 4 The Melbourne first twenty have proved true to their tradition. From the earliest days of football play in Victoria-the time when they used to play with handkerchiefs sticking out of their hip pockets -Melbourne were always a difficult crowd to win a game off; but as soon as you could win one game from them they appeared to go to pieces immedi ately. I never could understand It, and I don't suppose I ever will. Up till Jubilee Day this season the Premiership looked to be the deadest of dead birds for them-a Ten to One on Bhow. And yet within ten days they have retrograded until at the time of writing they threaten to join the Write Your Own Ticket division. It wasn't alone the fact that they had won six matches in succession that made them such howling first favourites for the League Premiership. It was the style in which they vanquished each and all the opposers. Leading off by defeating South Melbourne by 44 points (6-8) to 27 (3-9), they followed this up by routing Geelong-down at the Pivot, mark you ! by 64 points (9-10) to 19 (3-1). Then Fitzroy succumbed to the Rodlegs, who put together 60 points (7-8) to the Maroons' 39 (5-9) ; after which St. ICilda were numbered amongst the slain by 70 points (11-10) to 46 (7-4). The Dark Blues were next in order to receive a castigation, which they did to an unmeroifttl extent, their hereditary foes piling up no less than 107 points (15-17) whilst holding them down to 26' (3-8). To cap all, last years' premiers-the Mighty Magpies of Collingwood-were routed by 33 points (5-3) to 20 (ft-8), and as Collingwood had taken Essendon down by GO points (8-2) to SO (4-0) it certainly appeared to be a " soft snap " when Mel bourne met Essendon on the East Melbourne ground Inst Tuesday week. And so it was ! Only for the Essendon boys-instead of Melbourne ; the Scarlet and Black covoys triumphing by 03 points (8-15) to 27 (3-9). But that reverse was "small potatoes and few on a hill" aB compared -with the dressing-down Mel bourne experienced on their own territory on Saturday, at the feet of South Melbourne. They Btarted oft' gaily enovigh, securing 7 points to the Southerners one during the first quarter j but after that they appeared to be attaokod with "sfcringhalt" or some cognato complaint, and lcopt measing about over a bakers' dozon of points whilst tho visitors were amassing 72; tho final result being-South Melbourne 73 points (11-7), Molbourne 20 (ft-2). Goal-kickers: South Molbourne-Lyons 2, Minahan 2, Blackwood 2, Gilligan 2, M'JCay, Frasor, Pleass. Melbourne-M'Quinoss, Moysey, Wartlill. There was a apiritod oontoat between Gaol on g and EsHondon, on the Melponruo ground, Esaondon gaining an advantage of 18 points (3-O) to 7 in tho opening quarter j but tho game boing nearly a dead eynallor at half-time, whon the sooro& ptoo4 Ueelong 26 points (4-2), Ebbh^,-, third quarter wound up with n , (5-4) and Essendon 32 (5-2), huta^ held supreme command the fl"Bi match, and wound up brilliant v£lP0t (8-9) to 32 (5-2). (Laulcwt",11 White 2 Young, Joe M'Shane, Plynn Waugh 2, Kearney, Croft, 0'LouKhl6n' ilda Ca^!td somoP0rfcurbationtot of Colling wood the same way that CVu the preceding Tuesday by kLping'S with their tally-32 points (d-R^n goals were finally changed. When tv the Saints had achieved 2!) points (|~-t so impressed Captain Strickland and "hi, white crew that they never allowed th besiege their citadel afterwards, thou! ceeded in advancing their own total h (3-3), the final result being-Collini»ffft <7-U>.Sfc .Kilda 20 q,-5 f GoalS: wood-Halawood-2, Qillard 2, Smith .; n ICilda-Dunn,2, Stewart 2. ' Carlton made a very feeble display T roy, the- heavy state of the going fay heavier team. The. want of any aoooinm all-suitable or otherwise-for the record on the Prince's Oval is a decided blur-if on the escutcheon of the Bark Blue exocu especially as the Carltonians have eve experienced favours through the Fourth Estate, even' if an insignificant^ futilely attempted to block them from i grant of their new ground from the Ci. Under the circumstances it was surprisin newspapers took any notice of the ir which was credited with winding up as Fitzroy 47 points (5-17), Carlton 9 point EXA.CT POSITIONS OF LEAGUE CLUBS Club. Essoudon Collingwood Melbourne OeulonK South Melbome Fit,-/,roy .. Carlton ... St. Kilda... .i I o o CD P 52- 02 45- 51 59- 07 6!5- 80 43- 05 37- 78 SO- II 20- 4' 3 !io- 51. 82- 51|2 43- CI tl| 39- ;..« 35- 5!'|W 5S- Sljjj The senior football fixtures for to-mori follows s-'-^-North Melbourne v. Port Moll East Melbourne ; Williainstown v. Foo' Williamstown j Brunswick v. Richmond, wick j Geelong v. Melbourne, at Geelong wood v. Essendon, at Victoria Park; bourne v. Carlton, at South Melbourne,' St. Kilda, at Fitzroy. The Intercolonial Lacrosse Match toria and South Australia will take place on the Melbourne ground. The Grand National Mooting of tho Gun Club will be held at the club s g Brighton, this day (Friday). The annual smoke cor.cerfc gfivon by Cricketing and Sports Company t,,0I)|iy neotion with the Boyle and Scott 1 ^ prizes, won during the crick'at ^ plaoe in the Hotel Mefcropole, on Thursday next (July 8), Tho . preside, and present the Prlj® ' j t|, premiership caps _ have boon ^ the Capulet Crioket clllb' fln"l trophy by the North coto boy £ h ovot# between the twain for tliu wuo of ship being1 worthy the boat tin. and Soott Cup 