THE LAIfD TAX IS the Liand Tax business going to reveal more nmddles? Tlie debate upon the Vali dating Bm, just concluded in the Assembly, would seem to point that way if an explana tion be not forthcoming, and here is how, the matter stands. On Wednesday night Mr. M'Farlane declared that the assessments had been increased after the valuation had been made by the officers. He read figures, for the correctness of which he said he, could vouch, as showing how the valuations had been inflated. The figures applied only to one locality, the Illawarra. district The figures, he asserted, were an exact copy of the assessment book, which was open for public inspection. The original valuation in each case had been marked out in red ink, and the others inserted. The figures were: Original valuation, £1215, increased to £2794; £3159 to £7124; £532 to £1165; £758 to £T705; £2151 to £4839; £7631 to £30,525; £C122 to £16,326; £3259 15s to £5077; £43 15s to £108; £929 to £1593; £480 to £960; £295 10s to £591; £6050 to £13,200; f691 17s 6d to £1563; £750 to £1700; £2245 7s 6d to £3470 2s 6d; £416 5s to £790 17s 6d; £1167 7s 6d to £2018 15s; £405 to £769 10s; £726 to £1227. Mr. M'Farlane after his statement said, in reply to a question of Mr. Brunker, that the list did not show one valuator's assessments with new assessments which had been ren dered necessary owing to mistakes in the first instance; the list he had was supplied him by two clerks in the office of the Taxa tion Commissioners; everyone on reading the valuations would see at once that they could not have been done by a second valuator af ter- an inspection of the land. This matter was briefly referred to in the House again on Thursday night, when it became the sub ject of a breeze between Mr. Lyne and the Postmaster-General, and we have received concerning it a long communication from Mr. M. A. Martin. Mr. Martin says: Wculd you allow 'me a few lines in the interest of common honesty — to say nothing of constitu tional government — while I refer to the above measure. With your remarks about those clerks who gave Mr. M'Farlane his information I entirely disagree. Surely on. such an important question we don't want tbe oath which has been so pro minently kept in front of the valuators, and that not in accordance with the spirit of the act, to be made part and parcel of a conspiracy of silence. In the old days it was held that a man's j first duty was to his country. Now, if the state- \ merits put forward by Mr. M'Farlane are cor rect, every clerk or valuator who has a spark of partiotism in his breast is bound in all con science to expose such deception of the Parlia ment and the people. Further, I have no hesi tation in saying _that _any man who would keep sil&at; under such circumstances should be dis franchised for life. Now, as to the main ques tion, I noted all through the carefulness exer cised in answering questions as to alterations of assessments. It was invariably stated that in no instance had 'the commissioners' altered such valuations. I say unhesitatingly that I don't believe for one moment that either Mr. Powell, Mr. Johnson, or Mr. Spiller had anytning to ao with it. The last-mentioned was brought here in cousequence of special qualifications, which I be lieve he possesses, to act as executive commis sioner; yet will any man who has had .dealings with the department assert that he has been in reality executive commissioner? That posi tion, has been assumed by Mr. Lockyer, whose introduction to the department was solely the act of the Treasurer (see Mr. Cdghlan's evidence be fore the Select Committee). Mr. Coghlan's inter ference was also not at the request of the com missioners; but it must not be forgotten that he furnished the estimates of revenue from these taxes, which up to the present time have not been realised. Somebody, found out that cer tain valuators were 'incompetent,' and they were in consequence . 'superseded.' The sworn evi dence given before the Select Committee shows that there were only five or six thus superseded. Now, I publicly challenge the Government and the department to give the names of these men; also the names of those by whom they were declared incompetent; and, lastly, the names of those who were considered 'competent' to revise their valu ations. If it was only in five or six districts that these outrageous valuations occurred, the thing would be apparent. But there was an outcry from all parts of the country. Surely the valuators were not all incompetent! They have been* roundly abused throughout ' the coun try, in the press, and in the Parliament; but if what Mr. M'Farlane has stated be true, there is no justification for silence on their part. But let me lift the curtain a little. In the printed evidence given before the Select Committee Mr. James Coleman, who has been regularly valuing for tiie City Council and many leading boroughs for the last thirty years, gave evidence. He com plained that he had been found fault with for valuing too low- by Mr. Lockyer, who came from the Treasury 'solely' on the responsibility of the Treasurer. This gentleman found he was 'In- competent' on the authority of Mr. Sievers, of the Savings Bank, who about September 20 — that is, about five weeks 'before' the first assessment notice came out — declared Mr. Coleman 's values were too low. L-et me ''remark parenthetically that I am prepared to submit the matter of Mr. Coleman's competence to value city ' property to Mr. A. W. S. Greigg, of Richardson and Wrench, and to stake my reputation on tbe result; but that is immaterial to the question. About the end of October, or the beginning of November, when tnere arose such a storm over the valuations, it will be remembered that Mr. Reid made a state ment to, the House and the country on the mat ter. He regretted — like everyone' else — that the incompetence of valuators had brought about such a result, but immediately, on learning that there was an outcry, he went and secured the services of Mr. Sievers, of the Savings Bank; who was entirely impartial and competent, and would rectify matters to the satisfaction of the public. - What, can be thought of such. a state- 1 ment in the face of Mr. Coleman's evidence? Sche- ' chile B of the report is a letter written by Mr. Coleman to the commissioners on the 5th of Oc tober complaining of the interference of Messrs. Iiockyer and Sievers. In the face of these facts Mr. Reid makes such a statement to the Par liament and the country, and Mr. Powell, Chief Commissioner, and . Mr. Thompson, Government \ Land Valuer, are 'shoved out' of their positions; j which are at once occupied by Messrs*. Lockyer | and Sievers. Let me ask, in conclusion, were i there two more honorable or more competent men ? in the service than Messrs. Powell and Thomp- J son? .Yet they were sunersedefl? And what; of Mr. -Reid's statement? In the face of fBese fasts, can we 'doubt Mr. M'Farlane's statements? Of course, in publishing this we mean no imputation that Messrs. JLockyer and Sievers or the all powerful Mr. Ooghlan did anything dishonorable. They were, according to our correspondent's view, partisans of high va luations and ^ stood by their conscientious opinions. Our remarks to which Mr.- Mar tin takes exception iHrtere1 to. the effect that every- .officer ,vpf .^e ^Taxation ^Department rsras sworn to secrecy, and /thai*: therefore, tiie giving, of information to' Mr.7^M*Sarlane or to anyone else was a gross breadh of trust*, and so disgraceful as to alffeet the ajoiount of credence; ^to;Il-e ^ecord^iP' such'-statemiEdiitfi.: To *£hat : opinion we ;itiiii^&nere.; Jt ; isirajiM ;^tefef ^&6;;p^j&si0;'.^-tiie JCaicaiHon itepjirt^ SHOui&Jteeptbeir; oaths or ^ woen^Jiey should break them. There is a moral obligation upon them to keep sileniiidt only wlnlerthey are employed in the ipc^;\feat^afib»:Jai63r.; have left, the Government -seryiejfc- i^erie ;p also a very pi»etieai ^ reason ^hy/-ffiey should be sot tell, tales out flf;Bdiopl^--they I might get blabbing about people's Incomes. But this anytiow is aside issue. The situa tion now is this, that Mr. M'Fariane offers to produce his informant^ or informants, that Mr. Brunfeer says that those who gave the details will have an opportunity «f proving tbe accuracy of their figure*, siui that there has been published a positive statement about the curious working of the Taxation Office. Mr. M'Farlane's idea appears to be that the figures for the Illawarra district were altered at the Taxation Office, and that the alterations were then sent to Illawarra and copied into the local assessment book in red ink. As the assessment book was open for anyone's inspection, this seems an almost incredibly rash way of going to work if any thing wrong were being done, but there has in any case been enough talk about the mat ter to necessitate full inquiry and explana tion. ' ' ~ Surely most ghost stories «f the local brand sink into inferiority ?when, compared with that told by the two constables whose adventures were related in yesterday's 'Bvendng News.' The apparition which they so stransely encountered would seem to have carried into or else acquired in spirit land a decided taste for practical joking, and as a matter of choice to have exercised at ?the expense -et this pair of representatives of the force its eupefnatural (faculties in that way. In the dance it led the eonotablas all over the bouse it would appear to 'have bad certain affinities with Shakspere's Ariel what tdme at Prospero's bidding ihe assumed fantastic guises for the be wilderment of the involuntary Intrudera on the quiet of the enchanted isle. Your average police man is not indeed a person whose imagination is apt to run away with him, or to call up eights which would be invisible to ordinary eyes. The details as given in this instance are as matter of fact in themselves as they are inexplicable in respect of their relation to the mystery. And it is proper to call attention here to the cir cumstancee that they were not stated in a casual way by the two policemen, but given in an official report of their proceedings on the night in ques tion. Such a phenomenal experience as theirs might indeed be susceptible of an explanation en the theory oJ mind influencing mind — what might otherwise be described as a case of sym pathetic vision. There is a common idea, to be sure, that when spirits are evoked in that fashion the .process is very often assisted by spirits of another kind. However, it is not for a moment to be hinted that the two constables tad the 'inner eye' illuminated by any such means. They had better place Ihemeelvee ia coaE=nuaication imme diately with one of those societies which are devoted to psychic research. Yet doubtless a good many of us will remain pretty firmly impressed with the belief that the (policemen, if they saw anything at all of such a nature as they have pictured, must simply have been the victims of some ingenious and remarkably agile illusionist. Touching this mysterious adventure, 'An Old Boy in Blue' sends us the folio-wing: — It has occurred to me that nowadays, when every class has its poet, in a representative order which already includes princes and pea sants, a policeman might find a place. I am accordingly devoting my leisure moments to th* i^cpiiiauuii of a series of compositions which I intend to publish with the title of 'On My Beat,' which, it strikes me, will be a very neat and suggestive one. An incident reported in yester day's 'Evening News' has furnished hints for ? my latest effusion. It has not yet recived the final touches. However, I beg to offer you a few sample verses, such as they are. The man, of course, Who joins the force Is a fool if he supposes That once he puts The uniform on His life is a' bed of roses; If he looks for that He's a precious flat, And he reckons without his host. But yet, I opine, He might draw the line At having to tackle a ghost. , Experience enough Of duties rough. He must still be prepared to meet When, by night or day, His footsteps stray Through the rounds of his Tegular beat. He may have to face, In some lonely place A push that will get him on toast, But that, I'll admit, Is a trifling bit To following up a ghost. The compliments paid to the colonial troops in the old country have been supplemented In a re markable way by the dispatch which Mr. Cham berlain has addressed to tbe colonial Governors, and of which our own Governor has just received a copy. The force of compliment could not, In deed, be carried much further without sinking to mere flattery. But in this case there can be little doubt that what Mr. Chamberlain says is sincerely meant, and that on matters respecting which his allusions are not exactly those of an ex pert, he, at all events, very faithfully echoes what has been uttered by persons who are en titled to speak with all authority. Mr. Cham berlain's reference to the effect produced by the great military gathering claims special notice, and his hope that the effect may be permanent is one. in which we can all join, if, as is also to be hoped, that reminder as to the reserved strength on which the Empire could depend if it were really forced into war should tend to insure it a longer era of peace. Doubts are now cast on that story of a pigeon being shot in tbe Arctic Ocean, and found to ibo the bearer of a message from Herr Andree on his balloon voyage to the North Pole. The (probabilities as to tiie truth or falsehood of the report would depend, one would imagine, to a considerable extent, on whether Herr Andree had any pigeons with him when, the started on. his aerial journey. It he had not, it is not likely that be bove-to on his way to pick one up with a view to following the ancient historic precedent .established by the patriarch who navigated ia the Ark, though, of couree, unlike -Noa!h, Herr Andree could hardly Shave calculated on the return of Ibis pigeon. But, indeed, stranger reports' than the one in question have been circulated ere now with respect to Arctic .explorers whose where abouts was a- matter of uncertainty. Not long after Sir John Franklin set out on that expedition frcm which be never returned, dnd when he was supposed to be making his way through the 'North West Passage,' a rumor found credence In some quarters . that e clairvoyant medium of the day I had followed him regularly on hte adventurous course, and was able to give the cheering informa tion that -Franklin would, soon be heard of in the North Pacific. Let us hope that we may re ceive .'more authentic tidings by-and-bye cf the voj'agers in the balloon. The time of rejoicing- which' the Jubilee celebra tions -brought round would seem to have bad an' unpleasant ending :«n Iward «ne at least of the ships i which took jiarf to Ltfce 'great aaval demon stration. A mutinous -feeling;- we are to3a, pre viils* among ithe *rew; of. / &M;:S!. liqyal. Sovereign, of r the Channel* Squadron, :owing to '.-the stoppage jare-ctaied 4o toe .fail :;'«£ ^prisoners: Tbe old 'saw ? iwarne : uV that ail w^k' and no -play makes -fack- a dull boy. If in ttiis instance Man-cf-war Jack has become a somewhat mutinous one, it is doutot ie&s; -from en idea that tbe regulation of Me work and play lias not .been ia Vine accordance with the prpyerbial reminder. Or pdseiblyaU the high -jlitlss which bare Seen heard of from the shore have occasioned him a snore, than wonted sense flf^being cabln'd, cribbed, and .confined iwitUn the ?limits' of a ship. ' ;'-''''? ?-.*??? -.?- 