CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. Ton Srst session of the ninth sgynod com. mo?ned yesterday. Communion wos celebrated at 11 a.m., and wea attended by the clergy and lay repre. aentatiee. Businese commenced at four p.m. in the Church BHall. In thoeabsence of the Bishop in England the Very Reo. Dean Pownall (vicar- general) presided. Prayers were said by Canon Pritchard. The following olergy answered the roll: Very Rev. W. H. Pownall B.D., Dean of Goulburn and incumbent of Young; Canon C. Kingsmill, North Goulburn; Canon G. Spencer, Albury; Canon W. O. Pritchard M.A., Goulburn; lIor.P. G. Smith M.A., Can. berra; Rev. BH, E. Thomson, Murron. bhurrah: Reo. J. Scoltt, Bougendore; lRev. J. A. Newth M.., Kamorooka; oRev. J. Studds, Juneo; Rev. J. Boon, Tnmnt; Rev. F. Richmond, Burrowa; Rev. A. R. Shaw, Maralan ; Rov. P. G. Meteollfe, Bombala; Roev. J. Glover (minor canon), Goalburn; RIev. T. E. Owens Mell, Germanton; Rev. S. G. Beat, Goalburn. Apologies for absenooco through parochial duties were received from Canon Fauceo (Yase), Canon Beltt (Cootamnodra), Rev. W. M. Martyn (Taralga), Rev. R. J. Rosae Edwards (Coomn). Rev. E. J. Spencer (Ade long), Rev. J. 5. Dobson (Braidwood), Ren. W. J. Ellis (Gunning), Rev. D. C. Bates (Temora), Rsev. G. Jeoanings (Cobargo). The following lay representatives were prc sent:-Albury, Msersar. 8. W. Alexander and J. HI. Turner; Adalong, W. Beogling and W. H. Freeman; Bombala, E. B. Barber; Brauidwod, R. J. C. Maddrell; Bnorgendore, C. H. Emery and W. Cost Icy; Burrowa, W. H. Freeman; Canberra, A. Btrasany; Cohargo, W. A. Chisholm; Coomu, W. M. Madgwihok; Goulburn, A. M. BDelts, D. 3. Cooper M.A., and A. O. Moriarty; North lioulburn, A. S. Chiabsholm, 5. P. Jesnop, and J. E. P. Walkelor; West Goulburn, J. Blsag and .l. B. Mlonkley; Jnoe, W. G. Ledesnm; Loke Bathurst, J. Cropper; Marolan, J. M. Broadhead: Moraya, G. H. Sheafo and C. at. Straw; Murromburrah, T. F. Meyer and R. 1. Fatter; Pambnla, C. E. Mackenzioe and G. Gregory; Queanheyan, C. J. B. Helm; Yas, Dr. P. T. Thane; Young, A. E. Sendall. Apologies were receivead from Messrs. P. H. Wood and A. Thompson, Begs ; F. Campbell, Canberra; 0. L. Kendall, Gundogai; C. IK. Chisbolm, Gauning; C. A. Macdonald, Jounceo; D. C, Gordon, West Monaro. Mr. I. Shepherd was elected chairman of eammitteos; the Rev. F. Richmond and Mr. J. E. P. Walker secretaries to tIre synod; and the Rev. J. Saott clerk of committees. The stanlding orders of 9th March 1871 and 24th April 1895 wmere adopted as the alanding orders of this synod with ithe exception that the quorum be six clergymen and six laymen instead of twelve of eachl. A new order wasn made in reapect to formal notices. Tha Dsos. H. E. Thomeon and J. Studdo and Messrs. 9. P. Jeesop, T. F. Mayer, and A. E. Bendall were appointed elections and qualificationD committee. Tho Very lov. Presidout addressed the synod nas follow:- M r DRvenoND Brantnc or Tnrn COLEnn ane aIe Bnnos'o'oN or Tir LarIT ,-We are assembled eas the ninth synod of this dioceso to consult together for the good government of the chaorah and thebo mlnagement of her affairs. May the Great Head of the ehurchl prevent us in alleour doinigs,and further uswith His continual help, that all our delibsrationa being begun, contiuned, and ended in Hiu, they may tend t, the glory of His holy name. In our proeordioge during this aeeeion of synod we ahall mion the able pronidenoy, wire counsels, eonnd judgmoent, and the ncalu judicial mind and temper of our bishop; bht I am rure wn are alln ot one n'eeord in leeling thankful that his LoIrdship was able to nr range to leanvo behind him for a time the cares and annietica that are eo inseparable from tho eplsoopal otice in a missionary diaocece like that of Goulburu; that he has beau able to visit once more old and familiar places and tevive the memories of former ysars, that he has been privileged to join in the servicos of our mother chutch, -nd be present at the celebration of the tbirtueuth contenary of the landing of S. Augnstino end at the assembly of the great and august council that is now sitting at Lambeth. Such a visit wen trust willprove a well-earned rest, productiro of much per ounal good to the Bishop and to the church in the diocese at large; whilst I am sure you will all breathe with me the ardent prayer that he may bhe brought back to us in eafety and be long spared to preside over the church of this diocese. (Applause.) This is a new synod with a newly-elected reprosentative body. In it many of as will miss familiar faces with whom in days past we took counsel-men who wore tre08-heartd sons of the church and some of whom have been called to rest. But it is true that whilst God buries or dispenses with his workmen he still carries on His work. Ioene to-day we welcome others; and I think that we may rejoice in the fact that this annual synod contains a larger proportion of local represen tatives thou any of its predcoessore. This we cannot but regard as a healthy sign, indica tive of a deeper interest on the part of the parishes in the well-being and government of the chuorch, Personally I trust this feeling will deepen and grow until the time ahalI come when every parish will haveo a loan representastive in the synod. The clergy can do much to hasten that time by the dlf fusion of information and by carefolly in structing the people on the nature on the church's synodical government, and if this were done trhere would not only be increased interest in the parishes, but also, let me add, a eaving of that time and labor at head quarters which are involved in the issuing of repeated mandates to parishes that are sadly too apathetic In the matter of election of rt presentatiaves. I am very glad to say that in the present synod through the ceasaeless en deavore ofat the aeting-registrar all the parishes with one exception are represented; and as that parish has chosen to disfranchise itloll it houll bh nameless. Looklting over the list of representative members I find the present synod is composed of thirty-aix clerical members aud sixty-six lay representatatives. Compared with the eighth synod which first mot in April '94, there is a decrease of one clerical and eiglht lay rapreseunta tives; of this number thirty-teao olergymen and thirty-nine laymen were members of the Insat synod, leaving ftour clergymon and twenty. seven laymen as new mumbers. Turning back, in this record year, which is so fiull of retrospretion both in church and state, to the rocards of the first seesion of the first esynod, held in February 18(17, it may be interesting to note that there are but three clergymen and thres laymen members of this cynod who wore members of that. The three clergymen are the Rev. P. G. Smith, the senior clergy man of the dionese, the Rev. Canou Leigh, and myself. Tho three laymen comprise our very worthy friend and helper Mr. W\V. Davis, the other two bear the unmao of a family that will be long remeambered with that of the Campbell family in connection with the on dowmonut of this see, and the building of the cathedral-I mean the name Chihbolm-the two members being iMr. W. A. Chisholm and Mr. A. 8. Chisholm. (Applause.) Drocuse Cenoone. - Those have been numerous during the past year. Amongst threm our long triedr and valued friend Canon Soares has left the diocese, leaving behind him a record of forty yaours of devoted labor, the fall result of "whoch the great day aloune will disclose. Hie is now residing in the diocese of Sydney, and I regret to say in on fabhled health ; and I am sure that this has only to bhe mentionedt to awaken.your deepest Psympathy and earnest prayers. To the canonry tious rendered vascant the Reva. R. Leigh was most deservedly appointed bythe bishop. (Ap. plause.) The other removals from the diouos, have been theb Rev. P. iM. Flinn of Tarago, the Bay. W. W. Mantell of Queanubeyan, the Iev. A. Dnnoan of Temore, end the RBv. Canon Pluddicomlro of the cathedral parish; whilst the Rev. C. S. Hawkon of Budalia has been absent on leave in Englaud, thoughl I believe he has now returned to the colony. Against these removals we have to welcome tthe liv. Canon Pritchard, who comes to Us full of zeal and earnest devotion, with an ex tended exporiouoce of modern church life, and a record of good parochial work well done on church lines in Riverina, Melbourne, and Gee. long. (Applaeuse.) As the Dean of the retiredral I congratulate thebs pariah on the canon's ap pointment, and pray that the happiost and beat of results may follow his ministry. (Ap plane.) TheRov, H. . EHethorington hbas eome to us from the diocese of Riverina, and been appointed to the perish of Binda. Amongst the oahbaigas of cores I have to note, are thoe of the trCy. Canon'Kingsmill, of Albury, who has exchauged with the RBa. Cuanon Spencer of North doulburn, and at the Rol. J. H. Williams of Gunoning, who has exchanged with the Rore. W. J. Ellis of Moroys. The tollowlng appointments have been made: The Rey. Canon Leigh to Tarago, the Rev. J. Bean to Tumut, the Rea. W. M. White to Queanbeoyan, the Bev.D. C. Bates to Temors, leon. T. E. Owens MIoll to Germsnton, and the Roev. G. Jennings to Pambula. The BoR. J. H. Chasalieg was admitted to the holy order of priesthood by the bishop of the diocese in B. Soaviout's Cathedral on the 4th April loast, and Mr. S. Best was ordained deacon by the Bishop of Bathurst, acting for the Bishop of Goulburo, in 8. Andrew'e Cathedral, Sydney, on Trinity Bunday last. Mr. Best has on the nomination of Canon Prilrhard been licensed as ourate in S, Saviour'a parish. LecEnSrnD BEauEn-Mrr. W. F. B. Hogoted has been licensed as stipendiary reader in the parish of Jonas, and Mr. L F. Woolrioh in tihe pariah of Cooma; and the following gentlemen have been added to the list of honorary readers in the diocese :-W. B. Ross, Young; A. H. Garraway. Queanbeyan; H. G. Skilton,Quean-o boyan; S. W. Alexander, Golburn; J. Jeffrey, Moruyn; W. G. Ledaam. Goulbnrn; F. Shaw, Junos; P. McKinuon, Yass; E. D. Donkin, Temora ; A. Elliott, June ; D, Bryant, Ade long. There are now thirty honorary readers in the dioceoe rendering valuable help in eighteen pnrishes. Amongst other appointments that have to be noted are those of EHanobury Davies, bar triatler-nt-law, as chaneellor of the diocese, in the place of his Honor Mr. Jurstice A. . Simp son, who on his olevation to tile boneuh was constrained to resign a position in which ho renodered to this diocese most invallablo aid. I leel I nm rnot saying too muoch, and not no much as our bishop would say were he proe seant, that to our laIte clhaneollor, the cbhrob of this dioeans owes a debt of everlasting gratltude for thie already wiose concil givens in steering the churoh throurh a labyrinlth of unprocedernteld dificultines, whiclh by God's mercy nod able advice we at Itt are free from. iMr. Baltt has been appointed under the tribunal ordinance thu advoca:U of the Cnuncn SOCIETrv.--On leaIrving for Enlland the Bishop in u circolar addressed to thie clergy expressed himseolf thus :--" ?Iy ont pressing eanxisty in luaving the diocese is tie position of our Churecll ocietly. I deeply sympathiae with those bretbren to lwhom the eociety'a annual groutl are of primary importance, in thie ucertainty which at prroent attends the punctusl andl fll paymernt of tihe grants. It will be a paintol diurppointmont to me it during my abanhed th1, society annnot fully me:t its engagements, condrtional Ilthroog thoy be. If the parlshals which do not need or reecivo help wou'd only hoabestir themselves and ronally do theic bestl to help their more indigent neirghbors, the positiaon of the society waould at one be considerably improved. \Vo oiall need to be improessed wit?h the fact that we are a dieeoe, not a more collection of iudependent poriohas loosely hold togelither by opiecopal ulthority; andl that the unit at our churcrl lifo is not the parieh, but the diocese. 1 make it my canrnest requrst that you will leave nothing endono whichl can be done to makelo thebo iocomo of the cocilty oquol to ito present needs." Now I regret toreport to thins synod, and the synod is tlhe proper body to whom the report hooold be mrade, for by an or diance of thie synod thIe chlurch cooioty is its recognised org u, thant at a mouting of lthe comomittee of trhe society held dtring the past week to consi:ler thn payment of the grants that wvere dln on 30th Juto the commeitteO were obligeod to overdroaw threir eoountl to tie cxteat ci £90 to murot Ithon payments. This willat once be seen to be most deplorable. I commend tihou to you the elt?outio t Lhat steps bha tfeo dutring tbia meoeltiung of synod to deviseo semro way or meatns of remedying a etatl of thinrgs th1t otherwise will ba rnincon to the churlch in the poor struggling panrishes of the diocese. P'ueee AehSERS?rIETr.-It will be in the reoolleotion of mumbers of the late oynod that the amount toI be contributed by the vanrious parishes for th? necoosary trpeuses of the synod have booeen unanimouoly egreed to; but notwithsteanding thie I have to state the un pleasant fact that there remains unpaid by various parishes tlhant hve been frequontly arpseledl to for payment the sum of £4li, whlile there are still outstanding liabilities due by the synod to the amount of £60. The names ol tihe defultoig peribhes onU be obtained on applioation to thle registrar. Suffer me now to say a few words on the business-paper that has been laid before you. The subjects mentioned thereon, though saitewhat routine in their nature, are never theless of an important ebharcter, and on the careful oouoideration of which depends the weal of lth diocose. The reports and naccounts will disclosu the ecaet position of dioresan funds, and indicate whether there has boeen any progress or the reverse. Then this being the first session of anotlier synod numerous elections have to be made, and it will be well to note that by ordinance of synOod certain elections cannot take place un. til the third day of the session. ,Let me in. dulgo the hope that the members will bear this in mind and regulate their attendance accordingly. Canon Spencer will bring for ward a most important motion on the subject of lands belonging to the church, and from the care and attention that he has given to this subject Ie will be able to speak with authority as to the necessity for the action he will recommond. The following determinations passed by the general synod of the diooesns in Australia and Tasmania 1896 will be submitted for accept RneO :- 1\. Amended roles for the confirmation and o3nseoratiou of bishops. 2\. Iulos for appoilnting bishopecoadjutor. 3\. Rules to provide for the investigation and valuation of the trusts, eoueritios, and propertieo forming any bishopric endowmont previously to tbo election of a bishop. 4\. Resolutions for confosring the title of rebhbishop on the metropolitans of Ecoleoias. tical provinces in Australia and Tasmania. Before these determinations are however brought forvwartd there is a motion standing as No. 7 on the business paper, which in its preseut form oannot be entertained by this synod, fJr it involves a violation of clause 6 of the constitutions, and must be withdrawn. The subject of motion 12 demands also the carelul thought of the synod, and I trust it will result in stops being taken that will re lieve the bishop of all worry so to income, so that with a mind froa from anxioty he may the better give himself to the oversight of the Ohuroh of God over which the Holy Ghost hath made him overseer. I now commend the business to your wise and careful consideration. May all that wo say and do be under the feeling that we are noting for Christ and His ohurch, and may the result of our meeting be tie glory of God, and the extension of His Kingdom in the parishes that weo are sent to represent. (Loud applause.) Rev. P. G. Smith moved a vote of thanks to thebo President for his valuable address, and that it be printed in the synod records. Rlv. H. E. Themson seconded.--Oarriod. Mr. C. t. Emery (for Mr. F. Campbell) asked, (1). What was the Bilhop's income for 1891 from the Endowment Fund ? (2). What is thie total acreage of freshold hlnd belonging to the said endowmaent ? and what was the actual total of the said fund apart from the aforesaid freehold on the 31st December 1896 ? The President replied: (1.) In the absenoa of tIle Bishop this information cannot be given; but some idea can be gathered from the endowment statement prepared by the Bishop that will be laid before the synod. (2.) The freeshold land consists of 2770 noros. Rev. H. E. Thomson asked--(1) have the eburchwardens power to let thie glebe land ef a parish and to apply the rent received there from as part payment of the clergyman's Itipend? (2) IHas the eounveyenue of the globs at tsrnumburrah, the gift of Meears. Salting Bros. of Cunningham Plains been deposited in the registry ofnites of the Iishop? if not, where is i ? (3) Will the President explain how the llth section of tire Church Act is to be defirned, compared with the 20th section ? The President replied: (1) Not without consent of the licensed minister of the parish. (2) The deed has not been deposited In tieo registry; the latter part of the question is one feor the church authorities of the parish to answor; however search is being made. Mr. Fatter frthler explained that he had found that the dead was in tilte oflice of a firm of Sydney solicitors, Iu reference to question 3 the President said he had Mr. Betts' legal opinion to the effect that section 11 has no referene to rents derived from glebe lands, but only to pew-rents, suescriptions, aud donationes. The reouts, issnes, and profits mentioned in see tion 20 refer to the income derived from tile globe, to which income the clergyman licensed to ofl1ointo in the parish has exelausiveo right until and unless the provisions of section 21 are brought into operation. The President here stated that the absence of the Chancellor (Mr. HIsnbury Davies) wnas due to his having received a cablegram announcing the death of his wife. The President laid before thie synod astate ment of all acts dons by tihe Bishop in conncil since lust session. HIe also announced the following vacancies in the council:--lletired in accordance with the ordinance, Mr. W. Shellshear (uominated by the Bishop) and the Rev. J. Studds and Massrs. Butte and Sondall (elected by the synod); resigned, Canon 3doaree and Mr. J. G. Bseazly. These vacan cies will bu illed at to-morrow evening's session. The retiring members are eligible for re-election. Mr. Alexander (nclting.regislrar) laid on the table the fallowing reports :-Diocoau coan oil, ohourch society, clergy widowa' and or phans' land, chureh management fund, cen tennial fund, incorporated trustees, diocesan auditors, see ondowment fund; also the fol lowring aeconeuts :--Diocesan council (eynod), 8\. Saviour's Cathedral accounts, church society, chureh management fInd, centennial fund, S. Saviour's globe account, North Goaul. bure globe account, Junce glebe accosont, incorporated tustous' aceounts. Canon Spencer moved aresolution defining the method of the appointment of a panel of triers under the Church Discipline Ordinance of 1895. Mr. Alexander seconded.-CCarried. Mr. Alexanudor moved " that the committee of the church society, whena eecoted, be also tihe diocesau committee to administer tlie centennial funrd, and the correeponding com mitte of thle colonial and continental church sooiety."-Cauon Kingemill seocondsd.-Car ried. lr. Alexander moved " that unless other wise ordered nominations of poasons qualified for the ofileous to be filled on the third day of this session be made not later than the even ing of the asecond day."--lev. P. G. Smith seconded.--0arried. Canon Spencer moved " that lnil and exact inlormation about the title to overy piece of chereh land in the diocese should be obtained, ned, nas soon s it is known that any scsh title is good and that necessary declaratiotns of trnust have been made by the tIustee or trusotees, recorded in a booki to be kept in the diocesan registry. Any detoet in any ansh title uhould he remedied as soon as possible at the expense of the parishl to whioh the land belongs. The Roev. Canon lpaioer is hereby requseted to continue the iveestigation of titles undertaken by him with the sanction of the synod trustees." HIa gave an account of his search up to the present, and elstated instances of variou:ls defects he had discovered in titles of church laude, and ruggeastd how they were to be remedied. Mr. Bette erconded the motion. He also gave insltances of defective titles nod related how in some instences those hlnd ultimlately led to muchl annoyance and axpense. A long ditscssiou ensued, the majority of the speakers supporting the motion, bet a few obleslting as it placed another liability on the parishes already heavily burdened. LMotinen carried. The syuod theou went into eommittee, Mr. Jesoop noting as chairman t tthe absence ef Mr. Shlephesd, to conesidor the scals of asseu ment of parilshes for eynod expenses, and that ubemitted by thie diocesnu council was adopted. aOu resuminog, the motion No. 7 oU the businees paper, in the name oaf C?anon Spuscer ond relating to voting by orders on tile dleterminations of the general synod and refelrred to in the President's addres, wtas withdrawn. COoon Spenoer tooved tho tcooptonce of Daotoimmalion No. 1 of the oession of the gonerofl synod in 180 relating to meoudod rules for tfle conlirmolion oni cooeocration of the bisliopo. Iney. 1. Smith oeconded. Coton Prifafurd moved 00 On omeudmont that the occeptanco of doforminotio hoe od joornrd till nrort onlsion. lJo did fIfil be cooso the poreident hod pointed out that the doforminatioe confdioted with at ordintanee of thie rynod, and toggeslod its porlpoIeotnottf till the bishop's retura. Roo. F. Riohmond secondod. lIr. Bette argtld there w0f no contfiot. The disnoeoson wma not notfluded when the synod adjourned at 10.15 p.m. till 4 p.m. today. 1Rev. P. G. Smith gave notico of motion affrming the dairnabilify of abolishiag mar riago licenres. Alto that the proper designs tion of a alergyman efbould be " I tcumbent " or " Minieter," not rator notr vicar. 