TAUBMAN. ROBBERY IN FRANCE. MODERN HIGHWAYMEN. Considerable sensation was created some little time ago (writes a Paris Press correspondent, under date January 20 by an exciting account of the plundering of a train as it was passing through a tunnel. The culprits, however, were promptly taken into custody, and the case has just been tried at a provincial assize court, which was crammed to repletion. Albinet ? And Gauthier, the two prisoners, had long been leading a gay life in Paris. They \- were assiduous frequenters of various places of amusement at which the fast element most does congregate, and the "t expensive habits and tastes which they had. acquired had proved a severe drain on e resources of their relatives and friends, who finally declined to supply them with any further means of paying for their pleasures. What were they to do to obtain money? They would not work, \- nor- would they take to picking other people's pockets. But they argued, somewhat peculiarly, that there was no derogation in playing once more the part of highwaymen, which many a gentleman in the olden time had successfully filled without compromising his reputation. "Who had ever thrown a doubt on the honour of some gay cavalier who, in his day, had stopped a diligence and exacted toll of its occupants ? So reasoned the two ' heroes of this adventure, and at last they persuaded themselves that it would he a glorious exploit than otherwise to pillage a train. Now it had come, somehow, to the knowledge of Albinet that a certain express brought up every night to Paris the receipts of a number of stations on the Orleans company's lines. He thought the matter over, and confided to his companion the result of his cogitations. They would accomplish a hold feat. They would rifle the guard's van, in which the different money boxes would be travelling up to the metropolis, and would thus procure sufficient funds to help them on for a long while. Only the' whole plan must be car \--" ried out in the old style. As gentleman robbers they must don masks, must be well provided with arms, and must execute the programme with as great a spice of chivalry and generosity, not to say picturesqueness, as they could afford to infuse ,?. into it. Their preparations were carefully and. deliberately made. They left Paris one fine morning, alighted at a town on the route' which they had selected, and, after spending some hours there, caught the express and were soon engaged in the execution of their project. " ' Regarding midnight as the classic hour. for the apparition of robbers, as well as of ghosts, Albinet had originally selected it as the best moment for the execution of his "bold exploit," but as reference to a . prosaic time table had revealed the fact that the train would then be at a station, he had chosen a quarter-past one for the coup, inasmuch as the express would be effecting its entry into a propitiously lengthy tunnel. Both he and Gauthier had put on masks, as befitted the part of which they were so proud, and, not con ' tent with this, they had appended to their visages enormous beards of the traditional sapper order. Thus adorned, and with revolvers tightly clutched between their teeth they groped, as the tunnel was Mwing reached along the footboards of the various carriages. They succeeded on popping into the van ere the guard was" aware of their presence, and there Albinet, striking the attitude which he imagined had been assumed from time immemorial by gentleman highwaymen, 'pointed- his revolver in the official's direction, and, in deep, low tones, exclaimed, \- "Not a word ! Not a movement ! Think of your life 1" The unlucky guard had no choice but to comply, and then the two men, while keeping an eye on him, pro exceeded to break open twenty-nine out of ' Fifty-eight boxes, containing the receipts of the different stations, cramming their pockets with notes and gold until they could hold no more. Soon afterwards, as a town was being neared, they deemed it prudent to part company with the express, Seo dropped on' to the late. One of them, i'ftawever, injured himself so severely that he could not budge from the spot, and so was captured, and a like fate awaited the other, as, although he had cleverly contrived, to. slip into a fresh train, he was arrested on the following morning with 2800 upon him. Throughout the trial Gauthier, although fe big muscular fellow, shed such abundant tears that at length he looked as if he had been exposed to the fury of a heavy Shower. He repeated, in a voice stifled with sobs, the concluding words of each question put to him by the presiding _ judge. "YorLleftMetz at the beginning with the year?" asked the magistrate. "Of the year." he echoed, dismally. "It was in Paris that you met Albinet, whom you had known in the African battalions ?" African battalions," he whispered, burst ing into sobs and so it-was to the end of the chapter, as he made the Court to re- sound with his sighs and groans. He had been led astray by Albinef s fine talk, and had believed that he was going to do quite as grand thing. But when he beheld Cabinet point his revolver at the guard he was stricken with grief, and he g only filled his pockets because Albinet set the example. On his side Albinet showed more pluck, and addressed the Court in (almost eloquent language. He deemed it expedient to drop the role of the gene .xaan- highwayman, and declared that his motives had been of the most innocent character when he started on the journey. (It was that naughty drop of rum which he took at a music-hall while beguiling the hours ere the arrival of the express, which had been the cause of the mischief. Its fumes had filled his head with an irresistible longing to plunder the train. Equally chemical in its way was the deposition of the guard, who gravely stated that when he beheld the two masked men in his van, he fancied that they must be a supernatural apparition Until Albinet threatened him with his revolver. He then thought of his family. fits had children, and it would have been koo melancholy not to see them again, so he put in a plea for mercy. But although (he was strictly enjoined to hold his peace until Paris was reached, he gave the alarm as soon as he could. The guard, by the bye, elicited exclamations of disappointment from the prisoners when he added the interesting remark that they had fortunately overlooked a basket containing scrip to the value of 600,000f. cabinet and Gauthier have each been condemned to twenty years' hard labour. The former maintained a stolid silence while the sentence was passed, but the latter Stroke out anew into tears and lamentations, and had to be supported as he left the court bemoaning his fate. 