Perilous Position, Ammrtrottigr.j " By MARY ALBERT, Authorof "TheLuokiest Man in tho World," "The Bride of aDay," "Brooke; i-. Fiuehley's. Daughter," "A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," ' - 'Tin, Shelling of tho Peas," tco., &c.; ' . : 1 ' '. Oowmsht. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I and H. — Thorpoleigh is with out its vicar, who had mysteriously disap peared, no ono know whore. Margaret Thorpoleigh, an heiress, !b in love with a handsome man of doubtful character, tho Hon. Godfrey Byng. Mrs. Bccoh, hor aunt, leaves 011 a visit to a siBtcr m America, anU during lior ahsenco tho oouplo moot eaoli other. A suspicion attaches to Byng; who was last seen in tho vicar's company, but tlio evi dence is of tbo slightest, and he is at'onco liberated. Margaret is surprised at u ' visit > from a young man named Ernest Truemau, "who states that his mothorls maiden namo 'was Susan Thorpoleigh, aunt to Margaret. . Chapters III. and IV. — Mftrgarot, after tho doparture of hor straugo visitor, tolls tho story to a friend staying in tho house, Lady Hurloy, who is very fearful as to tho scandal that might ansae. Margaret roliaves her by tolling her to leavo the Court next day . God frey Byng, hor lover, writes iu answer to hoc letter to him, that he is ruined, and tolls her to forget him. Byng, calling upon a rich 1 friend, Reginald Olford, begs of him to write i a furowcll letter to Margaret, telling her that ! bo is hopelessly involved, nnd is resolved to i commit Buicido. Ho then rushes madly down )- tho stairs and leaves tho house. Chapters V. and VI. — Somo time after tho departure of Godfrey Byng, Reginald receives a letter from him, saying I10 would not do the deed in his own rooms, and hoped it would ' be thought that he had simply disappeared. Margaret is distracted on hearing tho news. I Martin Lawford, a boy of 15, son of Sir Ber tram and Lady Lawford, (resolves to leave England nnd Beck his fortune in Manitoba, and tlie same day Emmie, his sister, and the 1 rector's sou resolve to olopo together. Chapters VII. and VIIL — Tlio escape of Martin, mid tho elopement of Leigh Fnrrowos I and Emmio are accidentally frustrated. On ! their return home Martin and Emmio discover L a plan to kidnap tlio infant heir of Airton I Castle, but tbis is prevented by the young ( people's prompt notion. CHAPTER' X. — ( Continued :) ! & zSBn-VkUSH ! she fainted because ' a shchadbcenover-fatigued. H Hills was not like himself at all, as you would have , seen if you were not so | blinded by bis imagined perfections. I I shall go tip to the police station to morrow morning and ask if there is any i cluc, just mentioning, in tbo course of ( conversation, what I spoke of to Miss I Thotrpcleigh. Of course, it is a slight ! ground of accusation, very slight, I allow, that the man's namo is .Tim; at 'the samo time there is a semblance of likeness in his figuro and that of the . thief — or I fancied it.' . 'And you accuse him on- mere fancy?' r cried Emmie, passing on with her well- I poised little head held scornfully erect. Meantimo the heiress of Thorpeloigh I Court was supposed to be sleeping, in I the best bedchamber of Oak Park Lodge, and every attention had been lavished .-on hor. And now, by her own request, «ho had been left alone, hut sho looked tho picture of woe and misory aB she "lay with closed eyes, her beautiful head resting on tho white pillows, whilo a soft, pitiful moan from time to time cscuped her lips. ' It is ho ! ' she whispered to herself, shudderingly. 'Ho did not kill him self. Oh, heaven, has ho tried to steal . littlo Basil ? If I only knew ! If I only knew the truth ! And I advised Martin Lawford to have him arrested ! ' : Presently she sat up, pushing back ) her abundant dark hair from her hot forehead. ' I cannot havo made a mis take ! ' she moaned ; ' in spite of all his disguises 1 knew him ! Yes, and I am certain that ho knew me.' CHAPTER XI. Tub Heiress and ' Jim Hrtis.' Tlireo days later, when Margaret Thorpeloigh was well enough to return 1 home, James Hills, tho undergamo- I keeper on tlie Oak Park cstato, was ' arrested on suspicion aud lodged in the county gaol, Lord Pitzreiigh, in tho ( uhsenco of littlo Basil's grandfather, ! being tho instigator. 'When interro- , gated before a magistrate Hills gavo Jiimsolf tho airs of a prince, asking how anyono dared to accuse him of such a .baseness! ' It is all very well to talk big, follow, hut you will have to givo an account of your previous lifo before you aro dis- i charged from custody,' said the magis- | trute. ' Whore were you hetweon the . , j hours of midnight and two o'clock in / the morning on tho 7th instant. ;j. 'I went for a long walk in. the direction of Thorpoleigh Court, being ' ' restless, and -wishing to tire myself.' ' But you had beon at work all day ; yet you were not sufficiently tired. A somewhat lnmo story.' ' The Btory happens to ho true,' re- joined the prisoner, folding his arms S; defiantly, while his dark oyea flashed '> . fire. ' You must learn to behave yourself more respectfully in court,' said the magistrate severely. 'I am' troatinjg the court with at least 'v. as much respect as it deals out to me. i f 1 It troats mo as a guilty man boforo any proof hus been established agoiuBt mo.' 'His language and hearing are not thoso of an illiterate man,' whispered ;/ the presiding justice of the peace to his neighbour. Indeed, by this time evory one regarded the accused with wondor. 'The prisoner iB remanded to give opportunity for inquiries as to his pre- 1 vious career.' j), ' That is unnecessary. Proofs of my '' ''previous ' career" (imitating the ; "Bpeaker) are forthcoming. My presenl employer, Sir Bertram Lawford, re- coivcd good credentials with meastc character.' ;v.,X 'It will he well for you if it is so, yV'This'" will he inquired into. Tlu prisonor is remanded,' repeated thi magistrate. So Hills was removed, /' leaving the court with a stop full oJ / ' pride, nnd a face full of hauteur; makinj '<' altogether suoh an impression upoi X.. : thoso present that he became the themi of conversation for tho rest of the day. . ' And who was his former employer ? asked Lord Eitereagh of Jennings. H11 lordship had walked up to the game keeper's house , expressly to ascertau ''this matter. . ' Well, my lord, when Sir Bertram engaged Hills, the man produced a good testimonial from Mr. Byng, wlio was 11 good deal talked of, you may roiuembor, a whilo ago, iu connection with poor Mr. Luftou. Unfortunately, he is a sort of conneotion of Sir Bertram's family.' ' What ! The Mr. Byng who com mitted suicide ?' cried the nobleman. - Jennings grew very red nnd em barrassed, as he stammered out .' that ho beliovcil tlio gentleman had got into debt and put an end. to his own life.' ' And this follow, Hills, lived with him !' exclaimed Lord Eitareagh. ' Yes, my lord, for some years ; did all sorts of -things, it seems to mc — was groom, and keeper, and anything that was wanted. Sir Bortram was going away from homo when 'he 'said I might try him, nnd tho man has done very well, on the wholo;' ' Ho may he as unscrupulous as his late master,' remarked the old lord, meditatively. 'Still, I hardly think the follow can ho sent for trial iu the ahsenco of any definite proof thnt lie- made the attempt against Lord Basil.' ' 'Twill he for tlio gentlemen of the bench to dccido, mylord,' said Jennings, cautiously. As might have been expeeted, how ever, _ the evidence against Hills being practicnlly nil, he wus set free, only to find himself dismissed without notice from his situation, his employer having telegraphed thoso directions to Jennings. ' And now, I hope, wc shall get quit of the follow,' said Lord Eitzreagli, fervently ; ' for I fancy he will be glacl to leave tlie neighbourhood, as he will hardly find work hereabouts.' Jennings, when ho paid tho late nnder-kceper tho wages owing to him, asked liim ' wlioro ho meant to go now?' ' That's my own affair,' replied Hills. ' Good day, Jennings, I hope the dogs won't miss me too inueh.' ' They won't get no one move kind to them than you have beon, Hills. I will say that ; and you've done your work well.' ' There, that's enough !' interrupted Jennings's lato subordinate, shortly. ' Good day !' And he strode off without looking back. Tho head kcoper took it for granted that tho man had loft his lodging, and was, therefore, a good deal surprised to meot him next day on tho road to Thorpoleigh Court. ' Aro you walking to the railway ?' inquired Jennings. ' Ho, I. am not walking to tho rail way,' replied Hills, coolly. ' Oh, well, have you left "Wrexlcy ?' ' No, I havo not left Wrexloy,' re joined tho other. ' Now, let me give you a word of advice. Mind your own business, and don't interfere whero you aro not concerned.' And then tlio speaker walked on, leaving Jennings overwhelmed with amazement. As the latter stood gazing after tho man, ho gained a good viow of Thorpo leigh Court, which showed to much advantage from this spot through an opening in a belt of trees growing on a fine slope. Tho windows of tho south drawing- mom looked this way, and at one of them the youHg mistress of the mansion was standing, her eyes blinded with tears, her heart overwoighted with misery. She had heard nothing all day hut comments on ' tho prisonor ' (as tho undor-keeper was now styled), and tho manner in which he had comported himself.. 'Lord Eitzreagh was in court, my dear Margaret, and he is persuaded that this fellow is quite other than what he seems,' romavked her friend, Mrs. Moriston, who was staying at tho court. ' And tho dreadful tiling is that he has not left the neighbourhood. Indeed, I had him pointed out to me ; he passed my carriage on tho road, as .1 was driving this afternoon.' Margaret had received this informa tion in silence, but she had never had it out of her mind since ; and now, as she gazed ovor her own park, Bho thought with unspeakable sadness of what might have beon had Godfrey Byng been other than he was. ' If lio had really loved me, he would have ronouneccl gambling and every thing akin to it for my sake,' mused she. ' His debts I could havo forgiven, nnd have paid, and we might both have been happy. But as it is lam wretched, and he is probably wandering homolcss in my park out there.. It seonaB as if my heart wero broken !' Poor Margaret! Not very long afterwards she was to understand that thiB was hut tho prelude to that which was to come, and that hor heart, in the Biidst of anguish yet more poignant, was still tp bear with life— life that wrs very painful to endure. By-thin time littlo Lord Basil had been sent away from Airton Castlo to an unelo of his who owned another castlo in Northumberland ; not was it allowed to transpire where the child was going, nor. by what train ho would travol. Indeodj after his departure, it was not known for Borae time that ho had left Airfoil, suoh precautions boing taken to seourp secrecy. Tho child "went out in the grounds as if'ttr liis usual airing j.thenco he, was carrried totone of the park entrances, a couplo' of pblico officers in plain clothes following, but ' so disguised that they looked like oountry folk, and whero whittling sticks as thoy olinttod together. At tlio paric gates a'carriagc wus wait ing, and .tho officers suw tho nurses nnd tho littlo hoy safely into tlio voliiclo, ono of tliom getting on to tho box, and accompanying the child and his attend ants to' town. Hero they were con signed to the onro of a couplo of detec tives, and, having passed the night at Lord Airtou's town mansion, left London, still guarded, for Northumberland by a very early t-raiu. "Willingly wonld Lord Eitzreagh, who had stayed on at the castlo in order to watoli over his littlo kinsman, have concealed altogether tho faot of tlife child's romoval ; hut tho matter .leaked out, aud it wns understood, thiit -Lord Basil Long was not to return to Airton for a very considerable time.; ; . All this while, Jim Hills, on whom everyone looked askance, was still . in the neighbourhood, though, where he lodged, or how ho lived, no ono know ; but it was now hoped that he would disappear, for there was not a creature in any of tho villages round about who would liavo liked to meet him nt night fall. Nor would Jennings have much desired to encounter his late subordinate. ' He'd he a match for me, any day,' the keeper would mutter to himself. ' He's strong as a lion.' Mrs. Jennings would keep her door bnrrcd at dusk, nnd the children lmd to como in betimes. ' Tho dogs wouldn't he 110 good to wurn us again him,' she said, meaning Hills, 'for they'd just he wild with joy to seo him agon. Ah, 'twas liko Ins artfulness to make tlio poor honsts so foucl of him. Something else 'ull happen, you mark my words ? ' The good woman often quoted this prognostic in tho face of what followed. An immensity of trouble was taken to find out where tho disreputable keeper had lodgings, but all to no purpose, so that it wns believed tlmt ho slept in tho woods or iu some barn, for tho weather was dry nnd fine. Everyone appeared to live in a state of tension by day, and of fear by night — fear of some strauge outrage or robbery. At length Jennings, meeting tho man whom everyone most drended, as night wns falling, turned so white that Hills noted it in the dusk, and laughed aloud. 1 You look as if you lmd seen a ghost, Jennings!' said he, with an air of superiority, which cruelly galled tho other man. ' A few days haven't changed mo so much that you need look as if you should sink into the earth at sight of 1110.' ' No, no !' replied Jennings, norvously. ' But I've a wife and children to con sider, and I should lose my place if I was seen talking to you, d'ye see ? No offence, I hope.' ' Oh, none ! Goodbye, and good luck to you, Mr. Jennings, and to little Lord Basil, to. Ho is gone away, I hear, for a change of air.' To this Jennings ventured no reply, and right glad was he to catch sight of tho lights twinkling in his cottago window, nnd to find that nothing adverse had resulted from his meeting with the dreaded Hills. Tho encounter had taken place near some cross-roads, one branching off towards Wroxley, the other towards Thorpeleigli Court. ' I'd give a good deal to know whero he's a-going to sloop to-night,' said the keeper to his wife when ho had recounted his tale. ' You mark my words,' repeated sho, omphnsising her dark propliocy more than over by uplifting hor fore- fingor. 'Thorpeloigh Court will he robbed. Thnt's what he's after. And thoy say that Miss Thorpeloigh won't tako a hit of warning; but wanders alone about that great park without so much as a maid with her. Poor young lady ! And she so ill and weak that a breath might blow her down, as one may say.' In truth,. Margaret Thorpeleigli was tho one person in tho neighbourhood who did not fear Jim Hills, the ex- keeper. Did she secretly wish to en counter him ? At all events, she had deoided that if she mot him sho would make him speak to her. 'He will never lift a finger against mc!' she moaned sadly to herself. ' But, all tho same, I think thut desperation drovo him to attempt to carry off littlo Basil.' He would not havo hurt tlie child ; hut whnt'might hot have happoned ! Will my love for him, and my despair, kill mo iu the ond? For wo are finally separated now. But I would help him to leave the country and to begin a new career at the. antipodes.' This, then, wns I the secret of Mar garet's fearlessness — a secret no- one could over guosB. TO BE OONTHrSID. 