THE CEREMONIALS. Eleven o'clock wns the hour appointed for the commencement of the ceremonials, and by that timo a huge audience, estimated at 4200, wns seated within the walla of St. Pat rick's, wrapped in admiration of its interior architecture— the "frozen music," fitly so termed by Schiegel, the celebrated German writer. Among tlie latest to arrive were his Excellency the Governor and party, 'at whose entry the congregation rose to its feet. Tho ceremony, which lasted two and a hnlf hours, started with a procession from the nrchicpiscopnl palace, where the pre lates had vested, through the well kept grounds to the cathedral, one portion reach ing it by the entrance nearest to the palace and the other by the main entrance. Its arrival was signalled by a burst of music from the choir, whioh sang Ecco Sacerdos in Latin — "Behold a great priest, who in his days pleased God and was found just, and in the time of wrath was made a recon ciliation." The pageant was impressive in the extreme by reason of the Byzantine brilliancy of tlio vestments worn and the representative and cxnlted capncity of the wearers. Foremost in the ranks, not proccs- sionally, but by virtue of his office , as a prince of the church, was liis»Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, who was associated with (the Arcli- -bishops ' of ; " .1 Melbourne/. .- Adelaide; Brisbane and Wellington, 13 bishops for different dioceses in Australasia, nnd over 200 dignalorics, parish priests and priests, including members of the Passionist, Car melite, Yincentian and Redemptorist or ders, the Society of Jesus, and the Knights .of St. Gregory. The episcopal insignia dis played included the crosier, or staff, 5 feet long, surmounted by a cross (borne by Car dinal Moran); the mitre, a crown orpontiii- cnl ornament, signifying tlio offieo of arch bishop; a gold ring, symbolising bis marriage to the church, and a cross upon the breast. En route to the liigh altar were passed tlie side cliapels of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, Lndyo, St. Joseph, St.' Bridget, the mortu ary and the children's chapel. ,. At the altar positions were taken by the celebrant, Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale (Pontifical Higii Priest); the assistant priest, Rev. W. Quil- tcr (vested in cope) ; the deacon, the Very Rev. M. Carey (standing on the right of the bishop celebrant); the sub-deacon, Rev. G. A. Robinson, B.A. (standing on the left); the first master of ceremonies, Rev. J. Car roll; and the second master of ceremonies, Rev. D. Murphy. At the throne were the Cardinal and assistant deacons. The others taking part in the mass were the ultar at tendants— the thurifor, two acolytes, vest ment and torch bearers, the mitre bearer and the crosier bearer. The bishop ' cele brant was vesffiffV with tlie amicc, a linen cloth fastened' on his neck, and signifying the rag of linen with which the Jews blindfolded Christ; tlie alb, a long loose-sleeved linen gown, richly apparelled, representing the gar ment which Herod put on Christ; the maniple, worn on the left arm; the stole, a long, narrow scarf worn around the neck, and the girdle, all representing tlio cords and fetters with which the officers of the Jews bound Christ; and the chasuble, a loose flowing vestment, which falls down over tlio breast and back to some distance below the knees, expressive of the purple garmont tlie soldiers put on our Saviour. It may be in place here to state that the altar signifies Mount Calvary; the corporal and linen cloth that cover ; the altar the cloth that wrapped the body of Christ in tho sepulchre; the crucifix our Saviour's victory over death; the chalice tho sepul chre, and the paten the great stone that wus rolled against the door of the sepul chre. The service was Pontifical High Mass, to which in this instance was, also given the term "Coram Cardinale," ap plied to mass said by a bishop or priest in the presence of a cardinul. Tlie Ordinary of the Mass was started in accordance with the regular rite by the celebrant standing at the foot of the altar nnd pronouncing in Latin tho words, "In the name of tlie Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, Amen;" which accompany the "Sign of the Cross." Before reading tlie Introit. at the foldstool tlio celebrant incenses the ' altar. In cense was adopted from the Jewish Church into the Christian, and is prescribed in Exodus xxx., where a direction is given for its composition. To St. John (Apoc. iii., 5) it wns revealed as part of the worship of heaven. "Another angel enme and stood before the altar, having a golden thurible; and there wns given to him much incense, that he should offer of the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar, which is be fore the throne of God. . . . And the angel took tlie thurible and filled it with tlie fire of the altar." A verse of Psalm ' xxv., 0, which the celebrant pronounces whilst washing his hands, was appropriate to the occasion, "I have loved, O Lord, tlie beauty of Thy house and the place where Thy Glory dwellctli." The guests invited to yesterday's function included Lord Brassey and suite, tlie mem bers of the Ministry and both Houses of the Legislature, the judges of the Supreme and County courts, heads of departments, civic authorities and other leading public men. Amongst those noticed on the front seats were a large party from Government House, composed of Lord nnd Lady Brassey, Cap tain and Mrs. Freeman Thomas, Mr. Albert Brassey, the two Misses Brassey, Captain Wellington, Captain Pelham, Mr. Lucas, Miss Cox, Lord Richnrd Nevill and Mr. Osborne; also Sir John Madden (Chief Jus tice), Mr. Justice Hodges, Mr. Justice llood, Judge Casey, the Chief Secretary (Mr. Peacock), the Attorney-General (Mr. Isaacs), the Solicitor-General (Sir Henry Cuthbert), the Mayor-elect of Melbourne (Cr. M'Eacharn) and most of the council lors, the chairmnn of the Metropolitan Board (Mr. E. G. Fitz Gibbon), tlie chair man of the Board of Health (Dr. Grcsswell), the various consuls (among whom the repre sentative of Austria-Hungary, Mr. C. Pinsehof, attired in full consular costume, was prominent), and many others. Included in recent additions to the in terior, tho altars of St. Brigid and St. Joseph were noteworthy. These are of ala baster. Prior to, and perhaps during, tho service interest was mainly centred in the stately high altar with its ornamentations, comprising jewelled candlesticks and vases, a crucifix four feet high, with the figure of Our Saviour in silver, nnd altar plate em bracing a gold and silver monstrance, patens and chalices, some of solid silver, some of gold, silver eiboriums and huge standing lumps of elaborate design. Tho candles burnt, as is customary, were of wax, and represented the "light of faith." Two chairs used in the sanctuary were made from the wood of the gum tree which for many years, and until quite lately, stood ns a landmark alongside St. Francis's Church in Elizabeth-street. Tlie scope of yesterday's proceedings was the public opening of the cathedral, the consecration having been performed on Wednesday last by the Bishop of Sale. The musical part of the ceremony wns rendered by the cathedral elioir of 250 voices, with an orchestra of 25 performers, under the leadership of Herr Steinmotz, which ren dered Beethoven's Mass in C. The soloists, Madame Gnbrielle Bocma, Miss M. A. God win, Herr Rudolph Himmcr and Mr. 11. Foley, favored by the almost perfect acous tic properties of the building, were heard with excellent effect. 