Tlie Archbishops and tho Pope. (The Times, March 9.) . The Papal Bull, named from its oponing words Apostolica: cum, wbioli was jsguod in Soptombor last by Popo Loo 2££lL, was an emphatic ?pronouncomont by tho Court of Ronio against tho validity of Anglican orders. Nothing olso was seriously oxpoctod by men. of sonso, and it may bo 'doubted whether a different decision would havo oponod tho door for any real possibilities of reconciliation and union. ? But tho arguments on which tho Popo based his condemnation of tho Church o'f England woro, in tho opinion of ablo and loarncd thoologians, opon to comploto an easy l'efutation. In a momorandum penned just boforo his death, Archbishop Bonson con Kratulatod tho Church on tho fact that ' Infallibility had this timo ventured on roasons.' The Papal Bull has now boon mot with a formal answer signod by tho Arch bishop or Canterbury and tho Archbishop of York, in which its statements aro dispassion ately examined and, asmoBt English Church men will ngroo, aro satisfactorily disposed of. Tho tono of this interesting documont is dignified and temperate. Thoro is no sign of tho ocifmm iheologicum. Tho gonial spirit dis played in tho Pope's utterances is mot with equal bonignity and good fooling. But tho Archbishops havo a groat cause to defend, Tho clorgy of the Ohuroh of England nro oonvincod that their orders are, in all essen tials of matter, form, and intention, identical with and derived from those of the primitive Ohristian Ohnrch. Tho Church of Rome can claim no higher origin. Whon tho Roman Soo impoaohos tho validity of Anglican' orders tho burden of proof rests upon it. Loo XIII. substantially admittod this whon ho undortook to show how tho Anglican rito was dofoetivo, and tho yoply of tho Arch bishops, therefore, goos to tho rooti of tho mattor, whon it exhibits the irrolovaiioy, tho inadequacy, and tho inexactitude of tho Papal assertions and conclusions. Tho two sides of tho caso aro now prosontod to tho world in tho most olaborato ,and oxhaustivo way, Tho controversy, howovor, - oannot bo carried further, siuco, in the Papal Bull, .' Infalli bility' has pronounced a^ its final judgment that ordinations under tho Anglican rito ' havo boon and aro abaolutoly null and utterly void.' It is shown, indood, in tho reply of tho Avohbishops that , tho Pope's decision is dangerously doublo-odgod, . It strikos not ouly at Anglican ordors, but at. thoso of tho Oriental. Ohurohos, and, if its tests bo strictly, applied, tho ordors of the' Roman Ohuroh itsolf would appoar to bo placod in peril. / . Tho arguments of tho Archbishops aro ombodiod in a letter, oomposod in ooolesi astioal Latin, and accos&iblo;, thoroforo, to ovory Roman Catholio priest, whioh is ad drossod not alone to ' our vonerablo brotlior, Popo Lao Xni.,' bnt to all tho Bishops of tho Oatholio Ohuroh. Wo prosumo that, in spito of . its ohallongo to tho verdict of ' Infallibility,' this lottor will riot bo plaood on tho Indox ; and wo may bo tolerably suro, at any rato, that tho Popo, who has a kooh intorost in thoologioal oontrovorsy, will road it himsolf. It is nooossurily a dooumont of a highly toohnioal olmvaotor. Tho grounds on which the Popo basod his condemnation of ordinations aooording to tho Anglioan' rito' ?wero mainly technical, and tho Arohbishops havo to point out tho orrors in.faofe or' tho lapses in reasoning that:nullify his oonoln sions. Probably most Ohurchmon do not ooncorn thomsolvos greatly about tho points on whioh tho Popo laid so muoh Btross, but many would bo troubled in oonsoionoo if thoy woro allowed to rost nndor tho belief that the allegations of tho Papal Bull -woro woll founded. Tho Arohbishops' lottor will sot at rost tho anxiotios of this latfcor class. ? It oxhibits all tho thoological orudition and all tho acquaintance with .ooolosiastioal ' history that oan bo domandod in a dooumont of such authority, It goos far to nullify tho/offoot of .tlio Papal Bull, and proves clearly that, if! tho Anglionn rito. of ordination is, to bo hold invalid . for ' tho roaaons givon, tho gravest doubt niusli bo oast upon all othor ordors, including thono of tlio Ohnroh of Rome itsolf. Tho Popo's oontonHon turns upon two points —tho praotioo of the Ohuroli of Romo and tho form of the Anglican rito, including the quoB tion of intention, AVith rogard to tho formor point— tho praotico of tho Roman Ohuroli iu tho ? 10th oontut'y, after tho Anglican Ohuroh had gono its own way— thoro is tho groatnst mioorramty, and, as tho Arohbishops say, tho Popo himself iu a« uncertain as they aro thomsolvos. ' Tho roordinafcion of priosts ordainod in tho roign of Edward VI. or of hia fathor wns by no moans univorsal undor Mary, Wiough it was tho gonoral policy of Polo. Tho lator o«iso of Gordon, a Jabobito Scotch Bishop, who became a Roman Catholic, in 1704, is equally doubtfnl and even more obscure in tho absence of documentary ovi dence. Yet the Papal case has no other support so far as it rests upon tho uniform and authoritative practice of the Church. It is important, furthermore, to remember that tho old historical lino of attack was aban doned in tho Papal Bull. No moro is hoard of tho Nag's Head legend and* tho unfitnossor disqualification of the prelates who laid bauds on Parker. Tho continuous laying on of hands by persons deriving thoir ordors from Bishops undoubtedly ordainod and conse crated according to tho. practice of tho Catholic Ohurch at tho timo in itself goosfar to establish tho fact- of legitimate succession. The Popo contends that tho changes mado ' after tho Reformation in tho Anglican rito of ordination have boen fatal to its spiritual efficacy. This view is contested, at . groat length, by tho ArchbishopB. They are quito successful in showing that tho Popa- had not thoroughly mastered tho naturo, of tho I Anglican ceremonial. If that be so, tho judgment of 'Infallibility' upon tho in adequacy of tho Anglican rito is not to bo accepted without question, ovon from the Roman point ? of view. Tlio Archbishops argue, with much force, that tho variations in the 'Anglican rite as compared with tho modern Roman form do not differ in kind 'from similar discrepancies that have not been held to invalidate tho same or othor officers of that Ohuroh. Thoy maintain that tho words .beginning ' Receivb the Holy Ghost,' accompanied ;by tho laying on of hands, '.confers tho general faculties and powors of priesthood and, ,as is generally said, imprints tho oharactor.'i- Thig commission is in no way impaired by tho supplementary charge to preach and. exercise authority as a Christian minister, signified by tho delivery of tho Bible. . It iB true tho conception or a priest whioh pervades tho Papal Bnll is different from that which tho Ohurch of England has cultivated, but the essentials of tho sacred office are unaltered. The decision of tho Popo that Anglican ordors confer no Spiritual authority at all may be in accordance with tho oxolusivo tompor and policy of tho modern Church, of Jtomo, But .fao Archbishops Jinyo Bliown that it is not borne out, oithoi' logically or historically,' .by tho argumonts that Leo XIII. has adduced in support of it. Thoy appeal from this narrow judgment to tho whole Ohristian Ohnrch. Thoy do so, how ovor, without disparaging in tho least dogroo tho admirablo personal qualities of tho Pope . or impeaching: his good intentions, whioh, unfortunately, tho traditions of tho Papacy doom to defoat. 