Down with the Cobwebs. Attention has been called over and over again to tbe fact that there is not a citizen in New South Wales who oannot be put into gaol on some pretext or another. We have such a network of miserable laws woven about us, that we caunot move with out getting entangled. A man may even be driven into this dilemma — that through no fault of hie own, he ie reduced to the necessity o£ breaking either one law or another — perhaps without even being aware of the existence of either. This state of thingB could not prevail if the laws were not for most praotioal purposes obsolete, and it can serve no other end than to furnish tbe means for private or official persecution. The recent laws, which are to some extent in daily application, are bad enough as traps for the unwary and in other respects besides ; but still there is some possibility of people being on the look out for their provisions. The woret part of the business is in connection with those ancient statutes and precedents which are eo far out of touch with the circumstances of modern life that nobody thinks of remembering or looking for them, except for tho purpose of working some sharp point. On the subjeot of lawe in goueral let us say that we are no worshippers of legalism, and what ever provisions are made in the ehape of enaotmenta should be taken in the light of mere understandings arrived at, in whioh the spirit and not the letter should prevail, and whioh should in all oases be subordinate to the higher expediency of broadly humanitarian considerations. This prinoiple introduced into our institu tions and firmly established would work wonders, but of course it cannot take its place without the aid of public opinion and continuous publio deter mination, nor without these oan it be maintained. Certainly, however, even if this standard has not yet been reached by the great mass of the people, that is no reason why the ghosts of dead men's laws Bhould be allowed to materialise and haunt the living at the sweet will of the tech nical resurrectionist. About that there can hardly be a difference of opinion. Good or bad as our institu tions may be, it ie most essential for the time being that they should be purely administered, and this is an utter impossibility when there are so many opportunities for the unprin cipled to seize upon for the purposes of fraud and tyranny. The people should wake up to the position of affairs and set to work iu earnest to effect the needed reforms in this di rection. YVe Bhall have more to eay on the eubjeot in futore ieBues, and meanwhile shall be very glad to hoar from friends who are interested in the matter. 