. Guarded, by Ghosts. I Startling Stories. Guardian anse}", according to the good -theosophist, Mr. Leadbeater, hare now- to hare their turn at rehabilitation. Of late a materialistic age has scouted the fact of their exixttiD.ee, and derided the 'supersti- tion ' which is almost co-extensive with the human race. . But theosophy ia going to revindicate the -reputation of these angelic guardians, and in a paper entitled ' Invisible Helpers,' in * Lucifer' for November, Mr. Leadbeater begins bis labour of love. Guardian angels, or, as he calls them, 'Invisible Helpers,' who, however, become occasionally visible, are said to undoubtedly exist to-day, as they hare existed from the foundation of the world. Here are some of his in- stances,:- « KHK ANGEL 0? THE FIRE BRIQA.DE. An interesting case which occurred in London only a few years ago was connected with the preservation of a child's life in the midst of a terrible fire, whioh broke out in ? street near Holborn, and entirely destroy- ed two of the houses there. It was not until everyone else had been rescued, and the whole house was wrapped in flame, that the landlady remembered with a ter- rible pang she had forgotten a child left by the mother in her care. . It seemed hopeless then to attempt to get at ' the garret where the child had been put to bed; but one of . the firemen heroically resolved to matte tho desperate effort. He found the child, and brought it forth entirely unharmed; but when, be rejoined his comrades he bad a very singular story to tell. 'He declared that when he reached the room he found it in flames, and mast of the floor already fallen : but the fire had curred found the room towards the window in an unnatural and unaccountable manner, the like nf which in his experience be had never seen before, so that the corner in which the child lay was wholly untouched,' although the very rafters of the fragment of floor un which his little crib stood were half burnt . away. The child was naturally very much terrified, but the fireman distinctly and re . pea ted ly declared that as. at great risk he made his way towards it he saw a form like an angel-here his exact words are given a something 'nil gloriously white and silvery, bending over the bed and smoothing down the counterpane. The child's mother, unable to sleep for thought that her child was in danger, ' hod risen and.- prayed for bim earnestly. . The intervention. was thus evi- dently what a Christian would call an answer to prayer. TUB ANGEL OP TUB DBOWNlNO On the banks of the Thames, near Maiden- head, two children got on the wrong, side of the'.tow-rope and were' thrown into the water. The boatman who saw the accident, sprang forward to try to save them, and he noticed that they were floating ; high in the water 'in quite an unnatural way, like,' as he said, and moving quietly towards the tank. This was all that he «nd the nurse saw, but the children each declared that 'a beau- tiful person, all white and shining,' stood beside them in the water, held them up and guided them to the shore. Nor was their ?tory without corroboration, for tho barge- man's little daughter who ran up from the cabin when she heard the screams of the nurse, also affirmed that she saw a lovely lady in the water dragging the two children to the bank. THE MOTHER BEAD, BUT WATCHFUL, A case in which the agency is somewhat more definitely distinguished is related by the well-known clergyman, Dr. John Mason Neale. He states that'a man who had recently, lost his wife, was on. a visit .with his little children at the country house of . friend. It was an old, rambling mansion, .nd in the lower part there were long dark passages, in which the children played with great delight. But presently they came . upstairs very gravely, and two of them related that as they were running down one of these passages they were met by their mother, who told them to go back, and they returned. Investigations revealed the fact that if tbe children ' bad run but a- few steps farther they would have fallen down a deep uncovered well yawning full in their path, so that the apparition of their mother ' saved them from an almost certain death. ANGEL SATES A BISHOP'S CHILD Not long ago the little daughter. of one of our English bishops was walking out with her mother in the town where they lived, and in running heedlessly across a street the child was knocked down by the horses of a carriage which came quickly upon her. round a corner. Seeing her among the horses'feet, the mother rushed forward expecting to find her very badly injured, but she sprang up q'uite merrily sayingj ' Oh, mamma, I am not at all hurt, for something all in white kept the horses from treading upon me, and told me not to.be afraid.' THE LADT WITH THE LAMP. In Buckinghamshire, somewhere io the neighbourhood: of Burnham Beeches, two children of a farmer were lost ia the woods. The efforts of a search party were unsuc- cessful and they bad re-assembled at the farm in a somewhat despondent frame of mind, when they all saw a curious light some distance : away moving slowly across some fields towards the road, lt was described as a large globular mass of rich golden glow, quite unlike an ordinary lamp light; and as it drew nearer it was seen that the two miss- ing children were walking steadily along in the midst of it. The father and some . others _ imme- diately set off running towards it ; the the children it vanished, leaving them in darkness. ' The children's story was that after night came on they had wandered about crying in the woods for Borne time, and hod at last lain down under a tree to sleep. They had been roused, they said, by a beautiful lady with a lamp, who took them by the hand and led them home ; when they questioned her she smiled at them, but never spoke a word. To this strange tale they both steadily adhered. SAVED BT AIT ANGEL TOIOB. I was walking one exceedingly wet and stormy night down a quiet back Btreet near Westbourne Grove, with startling sudden- ness a voice which I know well cried in my ear ' Spring back j' and in mechanical obed- ience I started violently backwards almost before I,had time to think. As I did so my umbrella, which had swung forward with the sudden movement, was struck from my ] hand, and a bnge metal chimney-pot crashed upon the pavement less than a yard in front of my face. The great weight of this article and the tremendous force with ' which it fell make it absolutely certain that persisted until they were but just as they grasped but for the warning voice I should hare been hilled on the spot ; yet the street was empty, and the voice that of one whom 1 knew to be seven thousand miles away from me, as far as the physical body was concerned. WUO ARE THE AJÍQELS ? . "Who then are the guardian angels ? It is rather startling to learn, on Mr. Lead- beater'« authority that the people who do the bulk of the guardian angel' work are none other than the doubles or astral bodies of living people themselves. According to this theory we are all potential guardian angels to someboy else, and at the present moment, who knows but that the redder of the»e lines is all unconsciously the praying guardian angel of someone else every time he falls to sleep. AN0EL8 TIE UP BROKEN* LIltD. Two of these angels saw a boy fall and break his leg; one 'materialised" himself, and tied up the limb ; the other rushed off (unseen) to warn the mother. She told ber neighbours the story ; and a curious tale it sounded to one who knew' the real facts. She explained, in very many words, how she couldn t tell it what it was, but something came over her all in a minute like, making her fed I something had happened to the boy, and she must go out and see after bim : and as she turned the corner there she Baw him lying propped up against a rock, and kneel- ing beside him was the beautifulest child ever she saw, dressed all in white and shin- ing, with rosy cheeki and lovely brown eyes;' and how he smiled at. ber '.so heavenly like,' and then all in a moment he. was not there, and at first she was so startled she didn't know what to think;' and then all at once she. felt what it was, and fell on her knees and thanked God for sending one of his angels to help ber poor boy. Then she repeated the boy's part of the talo-how the moment after he fell a lovely jittle angel came io him--he knew it, was an angel because be knew there had been nobody in sight for half a mile round when be was at the top of the cliff just be- fore-only be could not understand why it hadn't any wing*,-. and why. it said it, was only a boy-how,it lifted him against the rock and tied up bis leg, and then began to talk to him and tell him not to be frightened, because somebody WOB gone to fetch mother, and she would be there directly ; and then it assured bim he would soon be well again, and smiled and squeezed his hand, and then somehow was gone." 