OCCABIONL; NOTES. .BDNEY, PaTwUAY. THE TAM SERvICE. ON Saturday morning a large number of people who depend upon the trams to earry them into the metropolis were disappointed and inconvenienced, by a complete din organisation of the system. Thoseo of the community who reside at Balmain and ]rorest Lodge were specially heavy sufferers. Theo' tram service from this quarter is tabled to give means of looomotion .every 20 minutes, but on the morning referred to numbers of persons waited in the pouring rain for nearly an hour and then tramped off to the Glebe Point or Newtown sections. In response to indignant inquiries as to the cause of the interruption people were ourtly informed that a oar had gone off at Liver pool.street. So much fMr the tram system of the parent colony. One shudders to conjeo ture what would have been the result of two oars going oiff at the point mentioned, or any other point for that matter. THE GHOBTLY mtNANT. It is questionable whether civilisation of the year 1897 is much advanced on that of the beginning of the present century, at all events in the matter of ghoseets. sur re spected ancestors laughed to seorn the old tales of apparitiones, but immediately any thing approaching the semblance of ,a vision was seen the stalwart warriors found that pressing business at a distance prevented the delay required to solve thbo mystery. At the present day we expand with our. sense of wisdom and look pityingly on any orank who suggests a ghost, But the old fishwife still lives in us, and our actions and looks belie the disdainful expressions whioh rise to our lips. THE LATEST SENSATION. The world of Sydney has been shaken by the publication of the news regarding the I Strawberry Hills mystery. Policemen gene rally are held in the highest respect, indeed they are regarded as oracles, and the majority take pinas not to forget the fact. 'Ihe offioers who met with the experience on Thurseday night praotically had the ball of fame at their feet, but they made the grave mistake of kioking it out of their reaih. Had they rested on their oars, or their batons, after the thrilling episode, they would have been regarded as heroes throughout the country; but their action in further trespassing in the domaiu of the spook brought failure and nothing. neess. Having once demonstrated the pre. sence and visibleness of the invisible, they should, had they desired renown, have left further investigations to the unbelievers, who would in countless thousands have sought at a very respectable distance to refute their assertions. They had all to gain; the odds were entirely in their favour. A passing shadow, the reflection from a distant lamp, the gnawing of a rat, or the hilarious antics of a nocturnal cat would all have stood to them, and assisted in establishing their fame. uHE LAND TAX. The world is a funny conglomeration, and newspapers, voicing as they so proudly claim to do the opinions of the people, are conse iluently funny things. From the moment the first assessment papers connected with the land tax were issued the country, and every one in it, knew that the penny in the £ business was a delusion, and that as a matter of fact in every centre instances had come to light in which the unfortunate landholder had received a demand for payment considerably in excess of what he had fondly hoped would have been asked of him. Notwithstanding all this, and much more, the statement made by Mr. M'larlane in the House the other night that one man in a given district had been charged at the rate of 4d in the £ was made the basis of a newspaper sensation and a political fracas. Had tne parliamentarians not been worn out by the fatignue consequent upon the performance of their arduous duties to State and society something dreadful must have happened. The dispute ended in smoke, and the landholder has before him the fact that he will go on paying his 4d until the people at large tire of the novelty, and wipe the tax out of existence. OUR OLDoIEB. Francis Drake is dead, Wellington is dust; even the later Orimean veteran fails to elicit veneration. And no wonder. The shades which were hitherto held up for worship have vanished, the glamour of their might has passed away. For many weeks past the cable has been steadily sinking into the sand with the weight and importance of thelashes regarding the colonial troops who have been paralysing the world "at home." We are all proud, very proud, of the electrical effect which has been produced by " our represen tatives," but at the same time we know that a great deal of it is bunkum, and we are a little tired of it all. If a fewot our men were sent to India, up the Nile, or some other of the many spots in which their prowess could be tested, we should really feel that some thing was given to us to talk and read about. A woETCoD nacoon0. At the Central Polioe Court on Satorday last a creature, Ellen Erwin by name, was sentenced to three months' gaol for having picked the pocket of a man. She adopted the usual method of accidentally bumpinog against himin the street, and of snatching his purse. 'Tis an oft told tale and a ghastly one. The magistrate found a record of upwards of 40 convictions against the unfortunate wretch. Sydney teems with female vultures who roam the thoroughfares at all hours of the night in quest of prey. In the majority of oases they are more expert in the art o! thieving than the males, and, parae. doxical as it may appear, have greater faoilities for robbery, as they do not so speedily arouse the saspicions of their intended victims. THE ePvOnNG OABNIVAL. The League of Wheelmen is unfortunate. The weather for the opening day of their earnival on the Sydney Uricket Ground was unfavourable, and the attendance was very poor. It was hoped that this blight would be removed on the second day, and that the really fine programme would attract a large gathering and return the necessary grist to the executive mill. These anticipations were entirely crueshed, however, as the weather on Saturday weeas so wet that it was imperative to postpone the sports. A number of the entrants are under considerable expense in Sydney, and the delay will . be specially hard upon them. PEOPLE ON TIIE rLAND. The other day a station employee was riding along the Coomi river bank, near Moree, when he saw a saddled horse fastened to a tree. On the following day he passed the spot and again saw the animal. This aroused his susepicions as to the safety of the owner. He made a search, which resulted in the discovery of the body of a young man who had apparently been drowned. The re mains were those of a kangaroo shooter named Ceoil Smith. It is supposed that the deceased left his camp fearing flood during the reoent raine, and that in swimming across the swollen river to get some clothing he was swept away and drowned. Dangers such as these form a few of the many which from sheer ignorance are not considered by those who wildly shriek "put the people on the land." TI? OBEHEPS. One day last week the writer was waited upon by a miner who desired some informa. tion which there was little diffliculty in sup plying. During the conversation and "pipe" which followed, the visitor, in answer to a query, remarked:-" Yes, I have had a few experiences Onone occea sion I secured work in a mine which gave me the ' oreeps.' I had searcely got properly warm when I noticed yater trickling through the roof. I tried to, am this off by choking some old bags in the crack. It was useless5 -however; and I stopped working to watch thie flow.t In a tow minutes I detected sanid'coming through, and a little later small shells commenced pouring into the heading. In a flash I concluded that a supply of fish would be the next de velopment, but I thought it best not to wait to satisfy my curiosity. I left my tools for the ne of the next shift, and reached the pit bottom in even time. The strangest part of it all is that men are still working m that colliery. The wives must live, the little ones must be fed." 