'I CHAPTER XXVin.—HUNTED ” ’ • DOWN. 1 It was very early on the morning- of the ensuing day—so early that the rosy spears of sunrise were but just glancing through the tall firs and waving brake S-Tound Bracken Hollow—when a loud, ■iauthoritaitive knock aroused the inmates ttf the lonely old house from their slum bers. In five minutes old Hannah was ■as-ajTddressed. and in the room of her young mistressT^^ ■Katherine (let us call her by the olanamey Srad sprung from her bed also as that ■authoritative knock resounded through the house. ; "It must be Henry Otis—it can be no •One else at this hour. Go, open the Boor, Hannah, and let them in. whoever they may be.” Hannah went. She flung open the Boor, and stood confronted by a tall man, with a dark, handsome, stern-look ing, face, and an unmistakably military "I wish to see Miss Herncasile,” this gentleman began, -with perfect abrupt ness; “I know that she is here.” : “Who are you, sir?” old Hannah de manded, with equal sternness; "and by iwhat right do you come at such a time Of morning as this, routing decent folks out of their beds?” “My name is O’Donnell. I am Miss Herncastle’s friend, and I have come to Bo her a service; wdiile there is yet time. Before two hours it may be too late. jSive her this, I entreat you, and tell her £ must see her.” “Yes, Hannah, give it to me. I’m not afraid of Captain O’Donnell. Let me see fivhat he has to say.” It W'as Katherine herself—in slippers •and dressing gown—her brown hair un Bone, rippling in the old girlish way over • her shoulders. In that white negligee, jwith hair unbound, and its natural col •or, .she looked, with the rose-flush of the [August sunrise upon her, younger, fair er, ‘fresher, than lie had ever seen her before. She took no notice of him. She took the card from Hannah gravely—and gravely examined it. Beneath his name in pencil was written— “I know that you are here. I co-me 1 as your friend. •■•■If you Have any regard loi- yourself you •will see me at once.” She looked up and held out her hand to him. with a smile—a. smile that had something; of the old brightness, the old saucy 'defiance of Katherine Dangerfield. •‘Good morning. Captain O’Donnell. My. friends are so few and far between at present, that i: would be a thousand pities to refuse an audience, to one of them. But you my friend! Isn’t that rather a new role for the gallant captain of chasseurs?? She led the way into the bare looking apartment, where last night Harriet Harman had made her confession, and pointed to a chair. There was a grace, a triumph about her lie had-never seen • before—the whole expression of her face was changed. Where was the sad. sombre face of Miss Herncastle now? sort of prowl triumph lit all the face be fore him. Tic- accepted the chair only to lean across. Us wooden hack and look at her. J7i1,‘.scoo;l where the golden sunshine fell .dullest upon her—hor tall form looking Jailer and more- classic than over in her’, .r^n1 f,,'j [Ter ainlle. The brown hair was swept i vV’C forehead and temples. showing' the i :fenr cm -th'o left T>lninly, and adding to rhtMiohilily-of her face. The black had hc-en washed from the eyebrows—alto gether she w;us changed almost out of knowledge. . “Will Captain O’Donnell—my friend— who’ has hunted me down from first to last—speak? AViir.t is it that lias taken you out of your bed at this uncivilised hour and brought you to Bracken Hol low and me?" The ringing tone of her voice, the meaning sparkle. of iter eye and smile confounded him. “To warn you for the last time.” “For the last time—to warn me of “That all is known—all.” "What does all comprise? May I ask j you to explain?” “That the death and burial of Katli- I orine Dangerfield was'a fraud, and Miss Herncastle and Katherine Dangerfield are one and the same. I am acting on no suspicion—I rarely act on that. 1 am acting oh certainty. I knew the grave in Castleford churchyard to be a fraud —the tombstone lying even more than tombstones usually lie. T knew that grave held an empty coffin.” “May I ask how?” “In the simplest manner possible. I employed a'man accustomed to such dreadful work, and opened the grave. We raised- the coffin, opened that, and found, as 1 told you—nothing.” She sat and looked at him—wonder not unmixed with a species of amusement and. admiration, in her face. “And yet you call yourself my friend! Captain O’Donnell, you are an extraor dinary man.” “No; I don’t see it,” he answered coolly., “It wasn’t anything very ex traordinary. From the hour I discover ed your identity with the New York ac tress my suspicions were aroused., You had never given up the stage and buried yourself alive at Scarswood in the capa city of governess without some powerful latent motive. That motive, I confess, I felt curious to discover. Then you made love to Sir Arthur Tregenna.—I. beg your pardon, permitted him to fall in love with you.” Katherine smiled once more. "As Sir Arthur had long before been signed, sealed, and delivered oyer to Lady Cecil Clive, and he seemed powerless to help'himself. I felt called upon to help him. He is my friend, you know, so also is his affianced wife.. Then you played ghost—oh, yes, you did—and frightened Sir Peter to the verge of in sanity. Altogether you .were too d'an grous a sort of person to be allowed to' go on without a short pull up from some Again his listener smiled as she recall ed Sir Peter’s ghastly face of, fright. “Captain O'Donnell, I cannot under stand why you should take the trouble .to,come here and say this. Why should you endeavor to save a woman you hold in aversion and contempt—a woman, in short, whom you hate?” “Whom I hate!” he repeated, quietly. “Since when have I told you I hated you? I have heard Katherine Dangerfield’s story—a strange, sad story—and I be lieve her, even in this hour, to be more sinned against than sinning. I believe a great and generous nature has been warped. Katherine Dangerfield, I pity you—from my soul I do — and with my whole heart I stand before you, your friend. It is not too late yet ; pause, while there is yet time, on the road you are treading, and go back.” There was no mistaking his earnest ness, the generous glow of liis face, the friendly warmth of his tone. She had turned away from him and was looking out at the golden morning sky. “Go back!" she repeated, bitterly. “Is there ever any going back in this world? Six years ago I might have listened; to day it is too late.” She covered her face with her hands, her breast heaving, the color burning in her face, moved to the very depth of her soul with a passion of which he did not dream. “Come, Katherine—you have fought long and well, and nothing has come of it. Give it up, and for ever." ' Her hands dropped fromher face; some thing in the .last words seemed to rouse her. SJjj^j^ked at him steadily. “Arfd'nothing has come of it?” she re vmir mistake;, Captain I O Donnell. SomblHm^iias 'ebil ' wonder what you would say if I told you —what?” “Tell me, and see." “I confess,” she went on, “to all laid to my charge. I am Katherine Danger •field; I have been buried and risen from the dead, and with that resurrection my nature seemed to change. I have brood ed on one subject—my wrongs—until I believe my brain has turned. I fled from the house of my -true and loyal friend, Henry Otis, and went to America. I be came the New York actress you so clev erly recognised. From New York I wrote to Mr Otis. I told him if Gaston Dantree died to bury him decently—if he .lived, to furnish him with money to quit, England. Unhappily he died, but not ] for more than a year after receiving his injuries. All those years I remained in New York I worked hard in my profes sion, and rose. I made money, and I hoarded it like a miser. Day and night, stronger and stronger with each year, grew the determination to return, to keep my vow. I tell you I believe there were times when I was insane on this subject. Death alone could have held me back. I waited patiently, while burning with impatience; I worked, I hoarded, and at last my day came. I returned to Eng land; I made my way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield; my revenge had “I had a double motive in returning— one, my vengeance on him; the other, to discover my parentage. I had a clue; and, strange to say, in working out one, I was working out the other. You know what followed—I played ghost, and terri fied the master of Scarswood, as I think he was never terrified before. I owe you no grudge; you were doing your duty, and I honor you for it. For Sir , Arthur, you need not have been so much afraid; it was a triumph to take him from Lady Cecil—to anger Lady Danger Reid; but, bad as I am, I don’t think I ever was base enough to marry him, even if he had asked me. He had never wronged me. and I only waged war with those who did.” "You waged war with Lady Cecil Clive in taking her lover from her. and she certainly never wronged you. She -was your friend through all.” The hard look came over her face once more, a hard light in her eyes. "Was she ? In your eyes, of course. Lady Cecil can do no evil. But what if I told you she had done me the deepest, the deadliest wrong of all!” He looked at her in surprise. “I don’t understand.” he said, a little coldly. "I believe Lady Cecil to be in capable of wilfully wronging anyone, and she always spoke gently of you.” She leaned her forehead on her hands, and pushed back, her hair with a long, tired sigii. “Oh, Heaven, I want to do right! Jfy life has been bitter, bitter, bitter, and I though I ^were'steeped in crime could only die and end 1 asses the guilty, and I a j t _• grab, | night the p -;l I'hi' and . —'Bnd.-mtth the-reaui the good.” Her fulded ;s were lying on the table; her head (fell forward, on them, as though she never cared to lift it' again. ‘ O’Donnell took both her hands in his, a compassion such as he had never felt for any human being before stirring his | heart. | “What am I that I should judge ? There is nothing but pity for you in my heart—nothing. Give up this dark and dangerous 'ife, and be true to yourself—to the noble nature Heaven lias given you—once more.” She rose up, bet*, hands still in his, a sort of inspiration shirting in her face. "I will,” she answered. “You, whom I .thought my enemy, shall save me. I renounce it—the plotting—the evil—the revenge—and for. your sake, for the love you bear her, I,will spare her.” He looked at her in mute inquiry. She smiled, drew away her hands, and re sumed her seat. "You do not understand. See here, Captain O'Donnell: I told you, did I not, my second object in returning to Eng land was to discover my parentage? Well, I have discovered it.” . “You have?” he cried, breathlessly. “I have discovered it. My father lives, and the daughter of my nurse occupies my place in his heart, the name I should •bear. It's a very old story—changed at nurse—and - that nurse has confessed all.” “You have done this? Then I con gratulate you, indeed! You will go to your father at once, of course? No one, believe me, can rejoice at this more sin cerely than I.” “You mistake—I shall never go! This morning I had intended—but that is all past now. If I renounce my revenge and wrong-doing in one way, I renounce it in all. I.never understood half mea sures." “But there is no wrong-doing here— it is right, it is your duty to go.” She smiled. “I wonder if this would be your advice if—if. for example only—my father were the Earl of Ruysland. I name him, you understand, as the first I think of." “I should tell you still to go. Right is right Though the Earl of Ruysland were your father, though Lady Cecil had usurped your place, I should still say. go—tell the truth, be the cost what it “You. who love Lady Cecil, give me this advice? Captain O’Donnell, Vou don't love her.” “I love her so well that I leave her; I love her so well that if, the-tiling you speak of were possible, I-would be the J first to go and tell her. Once again— in the face of all that may follow—I re peat, go! Tell the truth, take the place and name that are yours, and let me help you if I can.” But still she sat. keeping that strange, wistful, searching gaze on his face. “You love her so well that you leave h^r." she repeated, dreamily. Then she crossed the room without a word, lit a candle, and placed it on the table be fore him. He watched her in silent sur prise. She drew from her pocket a folded paper, and handed it to him. “You have done greater service than you dream of in coming here.” she said. “Do one last favor. I want this paper destroyed. I have a whimsical fancy to see you do it. Hold it to the candle and let it burn.” He took it doubtfully. He read the superscription—“Confession of Harriet Harman,” and hesitated. “I don’t know—why should I? Why is this?” "Nothing that concerns any one on earth but myself. You will be doing a good deed. I believe, in destroying it. Let me see you burn it. I can do it, of course; but. as I said. I have a fancy that yours should be the hand to destroy it. Burn it. Captain O’Donnell.” Still wondering — still doubting — lie obeyed; held the paper'in the flame of the candle until it dropped in a charred cloud on the table. Then she held out her hand to him with a brave, bright "Once more I thank you. You have done me a great service. You have saved me from myseif. When do you leave?” “To-day; but if I can aid you in any way—if I can take you to your father “You are ready to do it, I know: but I have not quite made up my mind about that yet. It is not a thing to be done in a hurry. Let us say good-bye. and part for the present.” He stood and looked at her doubtfully. He felt vaguely that never had. lie been farther from'understanding her than at moment'/ 1 “Fa i-eweThi-' Cap tain O’Donnell, my friend,” she 'said, softly. There was a lingering tenderness in her voice, in her eyes, that- might have told him her secret. But men are totally blind sometimes. He saw nothing. "Not farewell," ho -said: “ but au I She went with him to the door. She watched him with wistful eyes out of “Farewell,” she murmured—“farewell for ever. If Henry Otis had been to me six years ago what you are I had been When Captain O’Donnell had left Bracken Hollow, she took pen and paper and wrote the following note to Mr Otis, which subsequently Hannah was in structed to give to that gentleman when he cam? over from Castleford : “Henry—my Brother,—You will be surprised—pained, angered, it may be— when I tell you I am going, and coming back no more. I give it all up—all the plotting, the weary, wicked, endless scheming that brought revenge, per haps. but never happiness—and the con fession is burned ! They shall never know—neither my father nor she who has taken my place unwittingly—shall ever be rendered miserable by the truth. I can remember now that she, at least, was ever gentle and sweet to me. If I told them to-morrow, I could not, would not, take her place. IMy father would never care for me—would look upon me as a shame and disgrace. Let it go with all the rest ! “Captain O’Donnell has proved him self my friend. For lvis sake I renounce my cherished vengegnce. Let the miserable woman we have lured here go. Do not follow me. When happier days arrive I will come to you. Do not fear for me. I shall not return to the stage —I shall live honestly anti uprightly for the time that is to come. Heaven helping “'Henry—my best friend, my clear brother—farewell ! I have been a trouble, a distress to you. from the first. This last flight will trouble and distress you most of all: but it is for the best— the rest never -were. Farewell ! “KATHERINE.” (To bo Continued.) 