Astounding: Locomotor Ataxia Cure. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPE. LESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OYER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L A. BEAKS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian Workman.) Onr representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis 45 Crownlane, Ultimo. Mr. Jams is one of the b«Bt known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to -be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : **Yon want to know all about my case ? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts n>ay be of valoa to [taoaa jrho are stricken as I was." *- How long were you suffering ?" "Abont five-and half yeirs ago I met with an accident;! was badly scalded Wiile taking a bath in Pitt-street. Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms ?" •-Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one . I was incessantly shivering and : shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. 1 a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. "I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get ont of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was in." I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclnsion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my lags." (Jnst then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) "Well, jnst as a drowning man will grasp at a straw. I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement pescribing the cure effected in in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian orlman, by Dr. Williams' Pink P.iis rV Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was magical I was able to ear and sleep as though ^nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to more about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick and was gradually bub surely recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I hare never used them. They were made for me before I got the pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made another man of him. A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than be did a short time back. "I can now." continued Jarvis," have a cold bath, and all the feelinghas comeback in my legs. _ I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and yon know I have to be in the very pink of healthandstrength to work at that trade. I am better to-aay than I have been at any time during tbe past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Fink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. They can stay where' they are for I no longer need them- Everybody who knows me has been amazod at tbe change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation ont here." WHAT ME LABOR-LEADER M'GOWEN KNOWS. Mr J. S. T. M" Goweu, M.P., leader of the labor party in the N.S. W. Assembly was also seen in connectionwith the remarkable case of Mr.Thomas Jarvis. He says he had known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he bad to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he devoloped. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed:ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jams was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as bis case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, and lumbago/and neuralgia, and influenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all diseases of women, snch as anemia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, bnt brace up and permantly strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams'fink Fills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from - the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Salisbury Buildings, Queen-st , Melbourne, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or ; post order, 1 box for 2s 9d or half-dozen for IBs 3d. 