H9TES FROM LONDON. Christinas has always been a favourite season for ' ghosts,' and so, with its coming, Oxouions arc much exercised by the doing3 of a mysterious person or phantom who is frightning their womeiikind and weaklings. The appearance of, the -: ghost'' or ghostly impersonator are confined to the Ifney-roacl, in the eastern suburbs of the city ? It is a long,, dark, much-used road, and lately »- UII1CIL IJiloOJi*^ «hv»*q &u; ji«.»v, oi^iuuuij -LVJlb an arm thrown about their necks, while a hideous face has peered into their's. Others have been pushed or shaken from behind, yet turning round ha-e found no person near them. The .' spook,' or joker, hai even had the temerity' to pat a magistrate roughly on the shoulder, the startled and irate dignitary wheeling about just in time to see a tall figure gliding away in the gloom. The police have kept a sharp look out for the 'ghost,' but though he has been ' walking' now for some weeks have failed to lay hands upon him. He has also escaped the vigilance of si number of citizens who have patrolled me roaa wiiu me intention, or '-laying ' him by means of cudgels. He was scea as late ..as ??Friday night by two women, who sud denly found him gliding by their side, and they were terribly frightened. No doubt the person responsible for these foolish pranks imagines it great fun to frighten women and children, and it to be hoped may soon be caught, in order to be enlight ened as to the view taken of his joke by sensible persons. One theory of the police is that the 'ghost' is a, man on noiseless roller skates, hence the apparent gliding motion. But, whatever the means of travel ling may be, he has, up till now, been as un catchable as ihe famous 'Spring-heeled Jack' — a personage he somewhat resembles in. the rapidity of his movements from place to place. ? At Chelsea, an inquiry was held/as to the death of Edith Gertrude Dwelly, of 3, Luna street, Chelsea.— The mother, who was greatly distressed, said that for some years the young .woman, had lived with her grandmother' iii Victoria, British' Columbia, but a few weeks ago witness recc-ived a letter asiiing tnac ner ciaugnter mignt return to England as she had attempted to commit suicide in consequence of 'some love affair.' She arrived in Chelsea suddenly last week. The deceased was very depressed when she arrived home, but said nothing about her love troubles. The witness knew no impedi ment why , the marriage should not have taken place. On Saturday, December 19, the witness v/cnt to arouse the deceased about half -past 9 in the morning, and found her lying unconscious in bed, with an emptj' carbolic acid bottle lying beside her. She died soon after a doctor had arrived. On the dresser was a note, as follows :— ' My darling Mother,— I am afraid I am not worthy of you. Forgive me all the trouble I am caus ing you. Good-bye, and never think of your unworthy daughter.'— The- Coroner : Were you all friendly? — Witness (bursting into tears) : Oh, yes, sir. She come home rather unexpectedly, and we made a great fuss of her.— The jury returned a verdict of 'Sui- cide during temporary insanity.' A snocKing tragedy occurred eariy on Sunday morning, December 20, at Millbrook, a small village on the Gornish side of the Taraar, the parties being Eobert and George Baimaford, father and son, labourers, who had been but drinking together in the village. When they returned home they had a quarrel in the father's bedroom, but there is some -?ifSculty in ascertaining precisely ?what- occurred, as Mrs Bannaford, who was in bed and witnessed the struggle between her husband and son, is of weak intellect. As a result of the dispute the two men fought, and in the end the son, a young fellow of 27, powerfully built, seized the elder man, who was aged 60, and flung him on the bed. In falling the father's head came in contact with one of the knobs of the bedstead, causing a terrible wound close to the left temple, fracturing his skull. Think ing hi3 father had fainted, George called in a neighbour, and the latter then fetched a doctor, who, on examination, found the in jured man dead, and his clothing saturated with blood. Until informed of the tragic termination of the quarrel the son did not realise that anything serious had happened. Subsequently he was arrested. The inquest was held at Torpoint, near Devonport. and the son was committed for trial on the charge of manslaughter. Hfics Rr-odfln-n n if-.T-mn n-Ji n T.rmrlnnnr hv birth, comes of a Cornish family. She was very young when she began writing, but she was twenty -four before her first book, one of verse was published. Some dramatic efforts followed this, and then a small magazine accepted 'Lady Audley's Secret.' This brought her fame at one swoop, and alto gether Qver a million copies of the book have been sold. Then followed ' Henry Eunbnr ' and ' Aurcra Floyd.' No novel of modern times has been so widely circulated, or trans lated into so great a number of languages, as 'Aurora Floyd.' The late It. C. Stephenson has described how it was invariably to be found in the limited libraries of every train ing schooner in the south ojas, wnue tne Claimant's only literary effort was a mis quotation from its pages : ' Some men has money ; some men has brains. Them a.? has money was made for them aa has brains.' It has recently appeared as a serial in Italian and German newspapers. Pos sessed of an extraordinary fertility of inven tion and a great facility of production. Miss Bradden has found time, in her busy life, for many other things than the labors of author ship. A diligent student of history and an omnivorous reader, she is intimately ac quainted with the literature of France, Germany, Italy and SpaiD, being familiar with the language of all. As an instance of the' versatility,' it may be mentioned that Miss Braddon has in her time written several plays (blank verse drama and comedy), a quantity of verse, a novel composed in French (which appeared serially in the Paris Figaro), a child's history of England (anony mnnsV .inrl numbers of unsigned essays for a well-known London newpaper ; and that she has on certain occasions figured among Mr Punch's contributors as a sparkling verse writer. As an evidence of the ' industry ' which her critics also speak of. it need only be said that, besides writing the fifty-seven several magazines 'and numberless books, and have written many novels and tales which to this da}- have remained anonymou3. Her latest novel, ' London Pride,' is the out come of much study o£ the periods of the two Charles and the Commonwealth. In one respect Miss Braddon's position as a popular novelist is certainly unique. She is the sole owner of all her copyrights, and has, for many years been her own publisher. Miss Braddon, or Sirs Maxwell, lives iu an old-fashioned red brick house at Richmond, Surrey, and also owns a pretty place in the New Forest, where she always spends her spring, but she is very fond of travelling, and is generally away on the Continent for several months in tne year. 