Religion in Action. (By tho Rev. Newman Smyth, D.D.) And He said unto them, "When I sent you forth with out purse, and wallet, and shoes, lacked ye anything? And they said, Nothlrig. And He said unto them, But now,« he that hath a purse, let him take lt, and likewise'a wallet; and he that hath none, let him sell lils cloké; and buy a sword.-St Luke xxii, 35, 3G. Up to this time the Master had provided for the disciples; henceforth in His name they were to take., their purses and their wallets, and, if neces ' sary, buy swords against the world-powers which would rise up against them at every step of their apostolic journeyings. They were to throw them ?-selves with all their might into the beginnings of that great conflict of the Gospel with the world and Its wrongs which is to be the continued war fare of Christianity throughout history until the millennial day; and in that conflict they were not to be helpless men, without plans, forethought, and provisions wisely made for emergencies; they were to use all their resources, they were to avail them selves of common means of defence, they were to be men of action as well as prayer. Before the . work given disciples to do should be finished, Christiana would need to make good use of all their purses, their wallets, and their swords. For henceforth Christ's religion was to be no with drawal of disciples into some desert place; no waiting on the borders of Samaria for God's hour to strike. In the midst of the angry factions of Jerusalem, up and down through Judea and Sa maria, and to the uttermost parts of the earth, disciples were to bear witness in His name. RELIGION IS AN INWARD LIFE. It is a comfortable meditation of the heart. It is serene light over our quiet thoughts. It may pervade a soul like some sweet music, heard through an open window, coming from afar. Piety is peace of heart. Religion is the Divine secret of a sure personal life. It is an aspiration, a prayer, the home- longing of a soul immortal, which is known to the Father who seeth in secret. As an inward life religion is a withdrawal from the world; it is life's quiet morning or evening hour some sacred experience not rudely to be touched of disclosed-a life hid with Christ in God. Religion is the holy of holies of the soul's temple, where there is no visible image to be found; without, round about this secret dwelling-place ol' the Lord, lie the open courts for life's common uses; but within this holy place of spiritual communion the footsteps of the crowding cares, and the din and confusion of the world's daily business, shall not enter and are not to be heard. Religion is God and the soul beneath God's eye. Religion is MAN ALONE WITH HIS MAKI3Í. This truth of the inward spiritual reality of re ligion Jesus was always teaching the people. Con version, He insisted, is in its beginning an inward change. Unseen by human eye, known only to the Father who eeeth in secret, there may be born ;n a man a new epirit, and in the inward spirit of his life he may come into, oneness with God's, will, and be already a soul which is passed from death unto life. This truth of the -inwardness cf spiritual re ligion has at times become the predominant ' thought of the Gospel of the kingdom which men and churches have realised. Thara are reasons when it may need to be revived, and all our thoughts turned inwards, and we wait upon our God until we grow conscious that wo are inwardly born anew into that spirit, without, walch, what ever else we may see of beauty, u'uth, or worth in'this world, we certainly cannot see the kingdom of heaven. ' But this first truth of tho inward life of the soul unto God is not the whole truth of the Gospel of the kingdom which Jesus came preach ing; nor was it the thought which was in Jesus's mind the moment before He withdrew a little from His disciples and prayed alone in Gethsemane, , RELIGION IS ALSO ACTION. It is, as I .have just been insisting, an inward life, a meditation, a prayer of the spirit; a listen ing, a waiting, a hush and hope of the soul; man's hour before heaven's dawn; but religion, is also action; it is taking the purse-all the purse which one has-and the traveller's wallet, and even, if need be, a soldier's sword. Neglect either aspect of thiö religious whole of life, let either'exclude the other, and we shall fail to fulfil Jesus's . thought for His disciples, and to carry the Gospel, as Jesus meant it should be car ried, by all humble means in strong Christian hands throughout the world. This truth that Christ's Christianity, being an inward' state1 of souls, is also action, is the <trutti v of religion to which the Holy Ghost is giving fresh witness in this ' present age. For religion now", is revealing itself as action more ; hopefully than, ever before, determined action against all the rout and robbie, of the world's sins, personal action, down in many evil, places, a man-to-man'? wrestling: with iniquity, and also all along the advancing line of the. world's! hope a combined action against the world-powers .>vhich .rob and oppress and despoil the humanity for which Christ died. lu these very days, when some stand questioning about the miracles of ¿ld, Christianity is carrying its Gospel of thc resurrec tion of man from the death of ßin, as never so successfully before, into regions of darkness and crowded human desolation; and while some thoughtful men hesitate before the record of the ^supernatural in past history, the Holy Ghost now is gaining command of the winds and the waves of human passions, lifting to its high purpose the willS'Of men, and, in what might seem still greaten evidence of its miraculousness, taking the wallets, emptying the purses, 'and controlling the swords of men, for the kingdom of heaven's sake. NOW BEHOLD CHRISTIANITY AS RELIGION "?" IN. ACTION- ; not religion dreaming of God while His world goes /?wrong.;,;nô.tî religion, praying for escape from the world while men are perishing.in their sins; but religion in action, the action, the world over of human powers moved and actuated by the Spirit of righteousness, ? truth,; and love. Religion is the consecration and the energy of multitudes of miiíds^id!. hearts,-of the redeemed forces of hu nian^ffeYí'of business sagacity,' of ceaseless induß ;^^ï^inyéstmènfs<ö'f 'capital,- of combinations! of ?'gopa^men?àh,d')ofvV.chiirches for the Gospel's sake. Inishort-andvwe are -indeed dull of vision if we do not apprehend-this, "arid dead at heart if we are not stirred hy the prospect of it-under the generalship /of a Providence wiser than-us all, Christianity.- is .cpming. -ttf ber one ^ grand strategic combination of all ,th'eV powérs'pt> good and the advancement! of them to woria^cpiiquest for the kingdom of God'a sake. Consequently, it is more than ever before duty and privilege for true disciples to take the purse, the wallet, and whatever else may be call ed for, and. gladly to throw them into the conflict of the good against the evil. ; Consider, then, tlie: stimulus which this truth'of Christianity_ ka religion in action may impart to us. Strong natures sometimes have not been suf ficiently attracted to religion because they have failed to see this, robust, vigorous demand of it; they feel themselves more at home in affairs than in meditations; they enjoy action more than pray ers. But the sublimest action is always a prayer. - : . . RELIGION IS THE GREATEST ACTION. To be a religious man is to be be in touch and sympathy with .the action, the great action of this and of all times? It is to be a doer of the Word. Even a little true Christianity in a man will make him discontentect-at heart if he is not doing some thing real and worthy; it renders us uncomfortable in church under true preaching if we are not using; the purse, the wallet, the cloak, and would not be willing any hour, if need were, to go and buy a sword in the Lord's name for any help of man or against any wrong. The immense stimulus of this truth of the Chris tian religion of action lies also in its direct appeal to every human power. It docs not select a few faculties or activities, calling them sacred, 'and letting the rest go as common or profane. It "de mands all. It touches every key; it sweeps the whole range of motives. These three words', of our Lord-purse,, wallet or travelling-bag, sword are in the" -ives sufficient for A GENERAL INVENTORY OF THE ACTIVE POWERS to which Hie religion lays claim, vi/.., those powers which men must put forth to gain a purse from whioh to give; those activities by which a man is trained as. one who has taken his wallet and tra velled among men, observing, intelligent, knowing the world, and understanding its opportunities; and those chivalric powers, too, which entitle a man to bear the sword-a high sense of duty, true courage, self-control, honor, endurance, the nerve to throw one's self in wherever needed. These three words, I would say, which Jesus specified, with all which they imply, are enough to include the sum of our active powers, which are to be consecrated, and which may find their full use, in the Lord's ser vice. Whether we gain or not through our lives the joy and victories of this religion of the purse, the wallet, and the sword, certain it is that the Chris tianity which our Maister thought of as He went to His cross is to be no make- believe of faith, no plaything of piety, no club-house privilege, or special invitation and carpeted way to the mar riage supper of the Lamb. CHRIST'S CHRISTIANITY IS A ROBUST THING, capable of throwing away a cloak, emptying a purse, lifting a sword. In this is its commanding call to us all. This is a grand motive for true faith for all. young men. The greatness of the Christian work stili to.be achieved down among the eins of men is the military attraction of the Lord's service. Oh, our religion is indeed a balm for the wounded, a rest for the weary, a friendly, cheèring voice by our side! God's love is as a warm sky, and the mercy of the Lord as sweet music in the air;'but also the Gospel of the king dom of God and His righteousness is for us the roll call to action; the bugle's note sounding through the camp; the marshalling of hosts, the noise of the combat,. the courage of the martyrs, the perseverance of thè saints. His supreme commandment of love is action in the highest, as well as thought at its purest; for the love of God and man is full'of power as of peace, and in it all the law and the prophets are to be fulfilled. \: ? A ,very successful series of deputation services on behalf of the Wesleyan Missionary Society has been recently conducted in New Zealand; by Mr. Andrews, one of the New Guinea Mission staff, arid he is at present conducting similar services in the Grafton and Northern Rivers dis trict of New South Wales. . , At the time the cable message respecting the election of the Moderator of the Established Church of Scotland was received, it waa uncertain which Dr. Mair was referred-to, ae there are two. It--ls now stated that it waa Dr. William Mair, a country, minister of great ability, and ' recognised as an au thority on church law, and one of the ablest prac tical statesman of hie church. At the meeting of clergy ordained by the Pri mate at Greenkuowe on the occasion referred to last week, thirteen were present out of tho twen ty-six received in tho Sydney diocese during the "present episcopate. Two are engaged in mission work, one has died, two have removed to other Receses, and eight were unable to be present through distance and parochial engagements. Af ter lunch a meeting for meditation and prayer was held, at which the Primate presided and delivered an address. The Dean also spoke voa-ministerial * responsibility, Archdeacon Langley on ministerial perseverance,'and . the Rev. Dr. Corlette on níin-» isterlál hopefulnertfc 