; THE DEVIL'S HEAD.: ' published by special arrangement. By J. FITZCrEBALB MOLI.OY. j- Author of "an excellent knave," "how came he dead," "a: justified l; SINNER," "ON' WHEELS OF FIRE," "THE MOST GORGEOUS LADY BLES- ; ' ' SINGTONi" "THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF ' PEG WOFFING- 1 " TON," &c;„ &c.; . . .V -: .'. ; ; ; COPYRIGHT. - ' CHAPTER VIIL— fCnntinlied-V v; Only last night, when I parted with him; .ae was in the best of health: and -this morn- ; mg brings news of. his death. If he hadn't walked home across that -dangerous, headland on such a frosty hlgh-t. Poor iad, -poor laid. Se must have missed his footing.' Eh?" ' r "I suppose you were the last person who ). saw him .alim,?" Eigel said, looking- at the 1 Major's troubled eyes, round which the' wrln- ; kles had deepened. | ' "Probably. That will, no. doubt, come out l at -the lnauest." . - ' . . . ' " f "The 1-nq.uest— yes, I suppose It will," Rlge-1 i' remarked, turning his eyes oiice more to--, j wards the blurred and dreary landscape. with' It's torrents of rain, that suggested. In- i terminable tears. I ' "The- news must have corne as a great I shock -to .Miss Claypole?" said Rigel, looking. t attentively at the Major., :! "Terrible, terrible," the little man- answer- i ed, dejectedly. "You cannot Imagine what j; Jt cost me -to break' the -news;' 4t' q.ulte vpsep' i m"You broke It gently, of course,'! remarked, .1 Rigel, his eyes- still closely observing . the Major, his ears alert to 'catch every intona- .!: tlon of the speaker's voice.. . - . | -As gently as possible; but she seemed to ;'j anticipate bad-news." -: H. "She did?" Rigel gasped. ... 'i "Perhaps she read it in my face. At all. t events, when I entered her bedroom early : j fhis morning, she Implored me. to tell, her ij the worst at once. She- appeared to have j' had a presentiment that some nsPr22? i had happened to Philip. No wonder. . She T-i was very fond of him." ' ; r "Did she anticipate news of . his death? '! Rigel asked, striving, to .steady IBs voice j- that was surging with suppressed exclte- . '""No, no; only that some trouble, some ae- ' cident, had happened; then, poor child, she f became delirious. No ' wonder; in a few t months more she would have been Ills wire. ,'t He was desperately fond of her, and she or "I him. Eh?" '-. , , : "Is she delirious still— I mean, is she bev- ' ter?" Rigel asked, with some anrlety. . ; "i sent for the doctor, though, she oeggea ! mo not before she became quite delirious. , I and he gave her a sleeping draught. "So that she is now unconscious?' .1 "She was sleeping when I left;" \- , "That's a mercy," Rigel muttered. ' "YcS;"for the doctor 'says" so toe hours or sound sleep may ward off tho "brain rever r that threatens her, Eh?" , : 1 "Let us hope she will racape that, h "i always hope for thfe best, and strive \- : to keep cheerful," replied the major, pathe- ! i tically. 'If only Philip, had lived ' a -few months longer. But I have never been a i' lucky man, never. If you only knew, dear E- - bov, I have had troubles, bitter troubles, I though I show a bravo heart." And he wlpod l: \ away a few teaus that had dimmed Ills bright j ! blue eyes. - . , _ ' . 1 ' "As for myself," remarked gently, I "I had no idea I should miss 'Philip so much," h "We never know hotv much! we care for f i people until they have left us.. And 1 can f hardly realise that he Is not. with us still. !'l . i fancy i ought to hear. the" sound. of his. footr :! steps coming from the' study, the ring of f i his cheery voice welcoming' , me., . And it seems bitter to think how. "readily., he. might ! have escaped this accident. . Had'.he .gone j, t home by the other way, he. would' pow be j ; living. He of all men ought to havp'.known i how dangerous the Devil's Head is 011 a if f dork and frosty night. Poor Philip." . . pi "When I first saw the place I. was struck fej by its eombre appearance, though I little i'Ej thought at the time how soon it would be ! connected with a tragedy," said Rigel. , I "Not the first of its kind that haB hap- | pened there either," Major Claypole stated, h. "Three years ago a young shepherd missed f | his footing late at night, and was found with |ij: his neck broken at the foot of (he precl- |! !. pice next morning." K "l hadn't heard that." Lj , "You must have the pathway fenced," the if : Major suggested. , , j -j shall stop all traffic across the headland lIV! in future," answered Rigel. 1 "And now, dear boy, I must get back to l;i: Oriana." , j' ( "j 8hall be anxious to hear how she t, x trust there will be no fever; ncv cause for H i ":rfU tell her of your ltlnd Inquiries, I > thov will cheer her, and I shall come and see- H you soon again. Perhaj)« T can be of II some help to you during this trying time," said the Major, as he moved away with a pathetic absecace of his usual brisk air. ' Two days -later, on' inquest was held to In quire into the circumstances of Sir Philip's death. Evidence of identification being ta ker,, Mark B'raser, an undergardener, was the first wit/less examined. Whilst on his way to the . Clastle grounds, and at about seven in the-, morning, he had discovered Sir Philip's bodj.- lying face downwards at the foot of the IJovll's Head. Tho deceased was quito cold. - Witness had run to the Castle, this nearest residence, where he gave the alarm, and obtained assistance in removing the body. , , Doctor FJnskung, who had been sent for, then described the Body- as -being in a per fectly healtSiy condition. Death had result ed -fiom a- wound two inches deep on the left temple cotrang in contact with, a sharp, stone. In his opinion life had been extinct several h'r.urc whern the -body was discovered. C11 being - cross- examined the doctor de-. Glared that .such a wound as the temple showed was sufficient to cause! Instant death. The force with which a body falling from a height of several hundred feet would strike a- sharp impeding stone would satisfactorily account for , so severe a wound. There were m.i' signs or. marks of strain or violence on the body except scratches on' the face and hands, which had 'been, produced by. briars and bur-lies. Th'qro was ho indication of violence hcvSng. been, used,/ or that the deceased had conn-' to his death by any other means than by accident. Rigel next" gave .evidence as to the last time when he 'had seen his cousin alive. They had -met in a corridor the evening of Sir Phi 11 it's death; and exchanged a few wonds before each -went to his -own- room. They had not quarrelled at any time, nor had a dis agreement ever arisen between them. Rigel had dined alone that, evening, and at about tan o'clock had gone , to his bedroom. Next morning .he -had been wakened from sleep to hear of .his cousin's death. The clear- ana willing manner" in which -he gave his evi dence, this dce.p feeling amd grave comport ment, favouraly impressed- the coroner and jury. Major Claypole was next called, and stat ed that the deceased had dined at Coetmore Cottage oh the evening of his death. They were alone on this oCc&sion;, as Miss Clay- pole .-Was- III.- - Sir -Philip had seemed ' In his ' usual health; he had shown no depression, but, on the contrary, had spoken cheerfully of future plans, He had left the cot tags ' about eleven o'clock. Witness had not again seen Sir Philip alive. When ho dined at Coet more Cottage it had been his custom on fine nights to walk homo, the way he usually took being across the Devil's Head, as that was the most direct and shortest. Witness considered that on frosty nights the path across the headland was decidedly danger ous. He. did not know if this opinion was shared by the deceased. Witness had made a remark to Sir Philip about the darkness of tlic. night, but -the latter had replied that bo knew every Inch of the ground, and that the moon would rise before twelve. \- In reply to a juryman the Major said his daughter liaid been engaged to marry Sli Philip. The engagement had no-t been bro ken off; on the contrary, the date of her marriage would have been fixed the evening the baronet dined with him had she been well enough to see her fly-anee. No .misun derstanding had ever arisen between witness and the deceased. Glyndwyr bad last seen his master alive as he stepped into the brougham that drovt him to Coetmore Cottage. Sir PlilIIp had been a considerate master, and never wished his servants to wait up for him. On return Ing late It had been his custom -to enter bj the portal in the western tower, of which lie had a latchkey. Witness had gone to boa before eleven, and on his way had heard Mr. Rigel -playing the fiddle In Ins roOmr. It was witness wio woke Jvfr. Rljvl nqxt morning to toll him of the tragedy. Til answer to' tlhle folnemiim Glyndwyr said lr? had nbver -heard angry or unplensa-nlt wo'ds pass betwisen Sir Ph'illp and his cousin; to his knowledge they had nliVKT quarrelled, but bad alwlays appeared good friends. Ser- gca.r.it Howls, a sharp-mbsed, shrewd -lcoldng man. stated that the body had been ramovkd to the Castle when he had seen It, a course \- -tha't should no-t have been, taken until thie po'tcc hurd inspected ithle spot where it was found. He and his fellow officers had imme- diately lexamlruld 'the place where the d!e- cc-asc-d had mot his death. The iDrusliavood growing on lilhe side of tilt's precilptlce showed the track taken by this, body in its descent. Ac the bottom of 'the precipice -lta hud. foulnld a sharp stone covtelrcd with iblood, which Ma produced, whoso p-ohut, 'the doctor sufoge- qiien-tly- affirmed, corcsp'clii-d'od to ttlie Inden ture in the l'eft itiem.plla of 'the' deckase/d. iS'er- geunt Howls furthermore staked that the summit of the pitecipiifcie' showltid no siginls of where thie dcclaaised lilald slipped. As a-aiin had begun to fall before the exaimilnoitioin took platje, amd this frosty -ground.. hud thawed, It was impossible to ilnld it-races of a struggle, if such had taken place. In Ills opinion Sir Philip had sllppiad on a 'smooth stone that lay embedded in the ground neair .the edge cf the precipice, and rose isin. inoh above itlhs earth, and in- tlhat .way lost h-ls footing. ' The last witness called was George Foul- sham, a, garreekeepr, a browin-faeed, slightly- buili younlg man, ' with alook of strength in his dark eyes,, For generations h'ls psioplo hud . bcJUn, farm era on the Ti-egazlces .cstlato, , until evil times fallSnig on thorn they were no long!c,r able.to rent itlhlsir land, when -this, the last of -tihleii- lilnle, had, in paieference . to seeking litis fortune abroad taken service' a8 a, giameicckipei-, that he might i-emaln "with his paiiants, whose-supfort he becamle. _'GcM'ge Fouflsham stalted that on the nigiht' Sir. Philip molt his detitli he (witness) was :in the -park. iWIliHst Ihie > was- shiel tared -'toy. oome treies about six liulndred yards from- the Dt-vil s Head, whJcili. Ilihein Jay betwieen liim- -aiur the Castile, he had hoard a Sharp and ,suddl:ln ci y, itiliat at fiiisit lie had -thought wlaia a woman's voice. -'IHia iwal-ted -to hear- if lit Avcu-lq .be repeated, but 110 second cry. was given.. I-Ie 't'h'en 'donclud'ad the sound had friS''ito,ned bird. Hie ldn-ew that jpjids ibulllt on Itihe side olf the precipice. Asked what Ills now toelievieH, he hfesltated, '.then anmvier-cld that ,t.he cry was so brief ainld sudden he could noit'say, buit ate supposed . distu-rlijed iby Sir Philip's fall, . i'is'<?ne1f?r"nlas twaids the DeVIl's . 'thn 2U?'? 'had heai'd nothing more during. ;tbn night. He-.had mentioned havihe' heard tiu scuna to another g:amekeeper before' ho was aware of Sir Philip's death. Questiona and examinations failingr' t-o< ffain 'ooiytlilnK . rnrro from him, it merely remained" for the-' corr.ner to sum up. T-liis lie did briefly 'ahd ' clt-arly, pointing; out the. absence of ail cvulonce to prove that the deceased hatl conu' by his death through -the instrumen tality, of another 01 others, or by any mtfahs- sa,Y£ U'at of accident; and in agreement with this view the jury without hesitation returned . a verdict of accidental death: And so. it happened that within' a week fi'f ni the day on which Sir Philip Tregazkes . had hoped to have the date of his; marriage flNcd, his mortal remains were laid with1 the ashes of his ancestors in the dark "vaults" of CS'mmer Abbey. . . . Late in the night of the day- on which this event took place, Rigel sat alone to the li brary. He had occupied the' sam'e . chair si:.,ce dinner time, neither attempting, to read nor to write, indeed scarcely stirring, ' his mind occupied by one dominant thought that shut out all others. The chilliness of the room, in which 'the fire had long died out, at last roused him, when he rose and walked backwards arid forwards, striving to rid himself .of the Idea that gripped him. By degrees the library seemed to become- a prison from which he; sought to escape, forgetting that It was 'his own thoughts from which he ' strove to; break away. ' In the b'ope of temporarily ridding, him self- of his burden, he left the room, and fol-' lowing a long, narrow passage, came to a' little hall. Here he put on, his coat and|caip,' arid passing through the portal of the'wes-; tern tower came upon a broad plateau that- flanked .this ide of the Castle and led to' the shrubbery, covering, a steep descent to the valley. Thelnight was cold; a pale, -hazy .'slty,- lighted by a late moon, hung oyer an. o£a'--tintod world— a world of profound sl-: leiuce and of perfect peace. Now and then; a brfe'eze -stirred the dead loaves lying thick arcund his feet. In the near distance were the terraces whose white statues peered like ghosts through the gloom; below stret-. chec! the trees, withered anid black and stir-' red by. every breath, like guilty sbuls that trembled with strange fears. - - ' Lighting a cigar he moved slowly through this solitary, melancholy scene, -always' haunted by his -thougths. A movement to. the right brought him in front of two pop lar trees, straight arid black, streaking the surface of the low-lying moon. Instantly -tl.ey recalled a certain memorable night,' ! when he had waited in a garden near Flo-' rehce whose black cypress trees had barred- the- yellow moon. There .was ' warmth; then ; iu the air and joy in his veins; a languorous,' delicious odour of orange and lemon groves,1; arid sweet-scented Iherbs secreting them selves in the Under-wood, had stolen on and exalted . his senses.. "Why not leave this' place, with its oppressive associations, and return, to the South, where life might be enjoyed to the full, he asked himself. (to jib continued.) 