OASTRA ROTES. thy- "l-ETEB PUT." : lb is a long timo smoo I scut you any notes, and;'j probably it will ho, thought that I ' llavo (to|»irted lionco, hut Biicli is not tho enso, and will try nnd sond you a faw linos, though matters lioro aro so "dead and alive" that it sooms hard to 6nd anything to writo about. First, tho woatlior. It has b'eoiT ex ceedingly, rough this, month, and in con- semtonooj. fnrminj; . operations havo . beoh delayed' considbratdy, and farmers will now havo to push to got thoir crops in in duo timo. It is now. just ton-years since "Potor's" first appcaranco in print, and Blnco tlion tho district has progressed, though not so rapidly ns ono would havo wished. During tho intervening period mnny tracts of land which woro m 1887 minor. hush or covered ikith fallon scrub ' have boon cleared, and aro now adding their quota towards filling tho hungry of Now South Wnlos nnd Queensland. On some fnrms nuw and iioat homostonds havo arisen in placo of tho original bush habitations, and many a lifo runs in inoro pleasant places than thon ; but, on tho other hund, death 1ms boon busy, and in many n liomo- stoad there has boon mora than ono vacant chair, and tho ranks of tho pianoors who camo first into tho Caslra hush forty yoars ago havo waxed thin, and tho oxtra tan tolls heavily upon thoso who remain' with us. ' Ton yohrs ago on Sunday noxt tho Rev E. Champion, who had boon cn faithful woikcr in tho bush settlements for years, preached hisfarowellsormon to thoCastra folks prior to hia leaving for Lnuncostoii, and, though tho timo is long, many tharo aro who still retain a kindly recollaction of tho frank, nimplcmindad clergyman who endeared himself to nil classes and denominations. The intervening period has doalt hardly with him, for ono would scarcely recogniso tho friond of former years in tho poor old guntloman, whoso health has sinco complgtoly hrokon down, and who now resides with his son at Kindred. I remember well lie day ha preached his farewell sorinon. It was rough and exceedingly wot, yet ho camo through tho sloot nnd rain to his appoint ment, nnd not a few turned out of com fortable homes to be present out of re spect to thoir pastor. Tho price for potatoes this : year has given many of tho Costra fnrmors n good lift, nnd in tliiB respect comparison with 1887 is nil in favor of tho current your, ns I romcmbcr buying good potatoes at lfis pur ton, and tho roads then wero not so good ns at present. As I write, other old-time recollections crowd in npon ono liko ghosts of a bygone age, but they will havo to wait for my noxt latter. I note tho first signs of spring, and do so with pleasure. The holly-leaved Snssafran will soon be in bloom, ns the buds appear thickly on tho trees, and are already almost bursting, the whito- show ing as they open. July 15. , . 