Society and Fashion. BY "RITA." 1 nave been asked to express an opi nion on the justice of the letter signed "Tradesman" complaining of the levy made unon various people by the society mntws nf charitable fetes. The let- ter I consider temperate, and truthful. It is evidently written by some one who knows all the "moves in the game.", It is so truthful that it has caused a little flutter amongst some society women. The justice of the complaint is apparent to any right thinking person. Everyone expects— or should expect— to do something for. charity, but the systematic tribute that is exacted from some firms has otten surprisea me. Why do not the tradespeople arrange- to give whatever is required at "charity rates." There could not be so much com plaint then. With regard to the women who persistently seek assistance in this way— well if they only knew a iittle about the way their requests are regard ed, if they heard' just one quar ter what I have heard about them, they would think twice before asking the proprietor of a large business to send his best in abund ance for nothing. I am told the people interested select a good customer at each establishment and send him, or her, or t,T-/i (.iuaMipi- f n nrefpr the reauest. The idea j, "You must give, or offend us." People who would "skin a flint for a penny" pose as charitable upon this system of levying upon others. I am not surprised at the people preyed upon beginning to kick — I am surprised that they have endured it so long. It was pointed out to me, just after the Satur day half-holiday was observed, that a city house was closed, and the business was being carried on at a certain fete, with things supplied gratis by the firm. Very strong, and, no doubt, just comments were made at the time.. Stronger, and, 1 have no doubt, equally just, from the names and facts given to me, were the remarks about the women, who expect first-class catering and waiting for. nothing. The caterer has a reputation to sustain — these women know it, and — well, the caterer is much to be pitied. There is fast springing up a class of women, mean, not too scrupulous," energetic, and enterprising, who . manage to give yearly their little parties at no ex pense. There is neither true charity nor true sentiment about these sort of affairs. The whole thing is degrading "sharping," in which people who should be above it, are sometimes mixed up. Really charitable efforts re quire very different management, and a number of ridiculous affairs that make sentiment cheap should be discouraged. Promoters of charitable affairs owe it to themselves to give a very much promp ter and more lucid balance-sheet than usual. A few weeks ago a gentleman told me he could name half a dozen af fairs with regard to which no account of- the money had been given. As a rule, one hears no more about them after the money is taken — unless a paper stirs the people up! Fact! A school of fencing for ladies has been opened by Miss Maud Henley at "Fen- rose," Domain road, South Yarra. I need not enlarge upon the advantages of phy sical exercise for women. Fencing has been popular in England and America, and there is no reason why it should not be here. It is beneficialJn many ways »-«-» nuuicu. 4. iiyDiueLi uuiiuie ui an nniuo is too much neglected among women here, and I hope Miss Henley may be able to arouse some needed interest in the matter. Thus a contemporary anent the Queen's Jubilee gowns:— At the grand dinner held at Buckingham Palace last Monday week, the Queen wore a magni ficent dress of black moire antique, the design oi which was large tand hand some. The front was composed of ex quisite gold embroidery, in a symboli cal device of suns in relief, surrounded by stars, each pattern forming the centre of a square wrought in dia monds, studding gold ribbons. Round the hem of the skirt was a wide band of rich and elaborate embroidery, con sisting of sprays of forget-me-not, ears ot corn, lotus flowers and suns. Similar embroidery appeared upon the stom acher which was outlined with fine ack la.ee. A bertha of the lace trimmed nit s, .'ders, and the basque was bor- rnmf it- The short sleeves were prenawfr f ,it- n another gown In rich smw11 1 Majesty appears a cli sihei embroidery in a design of «se, shamrock and thistle. pT'1®, returp ball to the Mayor of alu an and Mr-s Lux ton will take Half n 2th inSl" at the Prahran Town m."lar8?y attended surprise party Mr f'n r A> E' SamPson and and xr was tendered to Mr "Mar- ..S„ ,Frederick Williams, of day ti Middl.e Bri&hton;, on Thurs- — - recipients of the entertain- ment threw open their house, ballroom, and spacious grounds to the visitors, and an enjoyable evening was spent. Among those present were Mrs M'Lean, Mrs H. G. A. Coe, the Misses Maud, Lottie, and Mabel Perry, Miss Aylwin; Weber, Burston, Connor, Robinson, White, M'Dowall, Cole, Peters, Fawkner, Webb, Young, Turner, Lupton, and Messrs Goodwin, Barrett! Budd, Neil, Richardson, Walker, Coe, Craig, Sheldon, Masterton, Reid, Jelfs, Singleton, M'Dowall, Cheeseman, etc. The musical programme was arranged uy xur .Lampara. The next Essendon assembly (the 4th) will take place at the Essendon Town Hall on Friday, the 20th inst." The return ball to Dr. Hall Owen (Mayor of South Melbourne) and Mrs Hall Owen took place on Friday even ing. Excellent arrangements had been made by the committee, and the hall was effectively decorated. The first set was formed by Dr. Daish (chairman of ball committee) and the mayoress (Mrs W. H. Owen), the Mayor of South Mel bourne and Mrs Daish, tithe Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs D. A. Madden, Mr G. Godfrey, M.L.C., and Miss Magill, Mr G. A. Gibbs and Mrs G. Godfrey, the aiayor oi ir ran ran ana Mrs cjuscaaen, Cr. D. A. Madden and Mrs Strong, the Mayor of Port Melbourne and Mrs Lux- ton, the Mayor of Collingwood and Miss Woodlands (Richmond), the Mayor of Richmond and Mrs Cody, the Mayor of Hawthorn and Mrs Ballenger, Colonel Eallenger and Mrs Halherly (Haw thorn), Mr T. F. Morkliam and Mrs Watson, Mr .Watson and Mrs ' T. F. Morkham. The Richmond Town Hall presented a very brilliant spectacle on the even ing of the 3rd inst., on the occasion of the annual ball of the St. Ignatius Branch of the H.A.C.B.S. The spacious ball-room was very pret tily decorated with greenery, which blended very nicely with the light colors of the dancers. A programme of twenty-four dances was gone through, the music being supplied; by Robb's band. In the interval, the Mayor of Richmond entertained the visitors, of whom there were a large number, -in his room. The gathering dispersed early this morning, ail having thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Amongst those present were Messrs Trenwith and Ben nett, Ms.L.A., for Richmond; Mr Tlieo. Fink, member for Jolimont and West Richmond ; the district executive offi cers, Bfo. M. J. M'Namara, chief presi dent; Bro. A. J. Serong, past chief presi dent; Bro. T. W. O'Sliea, chief secre tary Bro. J. Wlielan, chief treasurer ; Bro. P. J. M'Namara, district president; the Mayor of Richmond, Cr. J. O'Con nor, Cr. Bray, Cr. J. Sheedy, and a host of others. . The Melbourne Hunt Club ball has been postponed from 13th August to 3rd September, and will take place at the Prahran Town Hall that evening in the presence of the Governor and Lady Brassey. Nearly the whole of the audiences at the Hambourg concerts was composed of women. It is always the way. Women go to concerts men go to— well, where one wonders do they go? Certainly not to concerts. And why do people call Mr Jakoff Hambourg "Jack?" I suppose it is an easy way to escape saying his name, which is a puzzle to some. It is pronounced "Yarkoff." Mr Mark Ham- bourg's resemblance to Anton Rubin stein has often been remarked upon. If you are able to compare the compositions of the younger pianist with his predeces- sor you will find the resemblance there also, in more ways than one. Have you seen the Impromptu dedicated to Madlle. Helep. Phipps, and the Romance "to my dear friend, Felix Mosciheles?" The for mer has spontaneity to commend it, and shows the composer has musical ideas of his own, and ingenuity in using them! It has caught on here, and is not beyond the capacity of many players. Some people are under the impression that it is technically difficult. It Is not. But if you have heard the composer play pieces that are technically simnle — for instance. Paderewski's Minuet in A— you will see how much playing can he put into a comparative trifle. If you pride yourself upon touch, delicacy, etc., this last is a new piece you might like. I am led into this gossip by a correspondent asking me to suggest up-to-date music. These are amongst the newest pieces: — Strelezki's Menuet a l'Antique, Petersen's Scandi navian Dance, Pierne's Seranade a' Co- lombine, Bachmann's Grande Polonaise. These are all new pieces of varying de grees of difficulty and style that will en able you to find something you will like amongst them. Peters editions of Mo dern Masters of the Pianoforte. No. 2818, a v aiuc wj x vn p Morning Salutation, by Jensen; a Ber ceuse, by Gre'g; and a song without words by Tschiakowski, besides other pieces that do not present difficulties to a fair player. You will be interested in comparing this modern song without words — which Mr Mark Hambourg plays — with classical lleder, which, of course, you know something about. Writing the word "classical" recalls to me that some worthy souls stay away from, and others go to, these concerts, and give as their reason for either course that these concerts are purely classical. This is wrong. Classical, romantic and modern — too modern, on© might say, without being hypercritical— music has been heard. The latter classes of music are probably introduced to make the concerts "popular." Yet It is all "classical" to some, and adored and gushed over, or objected to on this score! If Irving came. and condescended to give a little-thing by_the present. Poet. Laure-. ate, or Kipling — some trifle — or a scrap by 6ome modern, minor poet, who is almost un known outside his own circle, you would not bracket such things with Shakes peare, Milton or Homer as writings. Though they might show certain aspects of his art, they would not give the same scope as dramatic writings, and it might he fairly questioned whether he should condescend to them. Most people would prefer to hear him in something more worthy of him.- It is only because the average person cannot understand that the same intellectual "reading" applies to music, that they prefer what is little bet ter than the up-to-date versionof the morcenu de salon of the trashiest writers. But, then, as I said, mostly women at tend—on Friday afternoon it was a case of women— women everywhere— and few women have a ghost of an idea about the intellectual side of music, however deft their fingers may be, or gush ing their emotions ! Somebody is sure to be angry with me for that— be cause it is true! .The Maypole fete in aid of Holy. Trinity Sunday school, Balaclava, will be opened by the Mayor of St. Kilda this (Saturday) afternoon, in the St. Kilda Town Hall. The following are amongst those who will take part In the entertainment:— Produce Stall, Mesdames Drought, Richards and Clarke; cake stall, Mes- dames Battle, Hamilton 'and Norton; toy stall, Mesdames P. Grey-Smith and Teare; fancy stall, Mesdames A. Cum mins. J. N. Browne and Simms; refresh ment stall, the S.S. Teachers, under Miss Robertson; flower stall, the Misses Greig; sweet stall, Mrs Ballhache and the Misses Perry; side shows, bran pie, lucky bag, microscopic exhibitions and shooting gallery. Amongst others assisting are: — Misses Florrie Lewis, Fanny Lyndhurst, Nora Dane, Rosalie Hansen and Messrs H. J. Inge, J. N. Stevens, Brooke, Moor- head and Ponsford. The tableaux will be arranged by Mr and the Misses Waterfield. A Maypole dance will be given afternoon and evening. Hon. sec., Misses Connibere and A. Hall; hon. treasurer, Mr H. W. Bailjache. Arrangements are being made by Mrs Armytage, of "Como," South Yarra. for holding a garden fete early in October, in aid of the Church of England Jubilee Fund. The first meeting of the com mittee in charge of the affair took place on the 5th Inst, in the Town Toll. The Bishop of Melbourne presided. The fete will take place on Friday, 15th October. The Governor and Lady Brassey have promised to attend, and Mrs Freeman Thomas will be one ot tne stau-iioiaers. The East Melbourne Bicycle Club's dahce on the evening of the 4th inst, was held in the Hibernian Hall. There were 16 dances, and the dance was most suc cessful, which was due to the energy and ability of the hon. sec., Mr Frank B. Roche. Amongst those present were : — Miss Hardwick, Miss Rorke, Miss Nash, Miss Fitzsimmons, Miss Edith Rorke, Miss Smith, Miss E. R. Smith, Miss M. Worrall, Miss Tomlden, Miss L. Anderson, Mrs C. G. Moritz, Miss Amie Michael, Miss E. Davis, Miss S. Davis, Miss G. Browne, Miss D. Har ris, Miss M. Smiley, Mrs Claringbold, Miss Webber. Miss V. Webber. Miss R. Bromley, Miss L. Fowler, Miss Lily Johns, Miss Cadby, Miss F. Michael, Miss N. Prince, Mrs E. W. Rudd, Miss G. Anderson, Miss H. Lilten, Miss A. Johns, Miss Rodgers, Miss Davidson, Mrs C. Greenwood, Miss A. M'Manus, Miss J. Delaney, Miss Hogan, Miss H. Abrahams, Miss Mendoza, Mrs C. Schwabesch, Miss Smerdon. A carnival in aid"of the funds of the Prahran Women's Franchise' League was opened in the Old Town Hall, Prah ran, by Mrs A. C. Macdonald. The pre sident of the League (Mr G. A. Maxwell) introduced Mrs Macdonald. Mrs A. C. Macdonald then declared the bazaar open, and business began. The even ing's programme was varied. This even ing there will be a fresh programme. The stalls are -.—Refreshments: Mrs Annita Claringbold. Plain and Fancy Work: Mrs Morris. Flowers: Misses Tisdall, Drayton and Macdonald. Pro duce: Mr Lindsay Hutelieson. Pictures and Artists' Requisites: Mr Eaton. Con fectionery: Mr Guillot. Silverware and Jewellery: Mr Lewis. Brushware: Mr Muishull. Books and Stationery: Mr A. Swinborn ; while a most interesting stall is that of Mrs Swinborn, where goods, the work of the inmates of the Elizabeth Fry Retreat, are for sale. The Dux Cycle Co. show bicycles ; while Madame Saigh is palmist. 