NOTES BY PAKEnA. Grand National Hurdle Race at _Flemington this afternoon. Tattersall's offer an enticing bill of fare this afternoon at Elphin. On V.R.C. Grand National Steeple chase day the Mowbray P. and T. "Club holds a meet at Mowbray. Venus, it is said, got knocked about a bit in the T.T.C. Winter Handicap. Dick Turpin, not so long ago one of our most promising performers, was in evidence at the recent coursing meet. The Tasmanian-bred horses left in the V.R.C. Grand National Steeple chase after the first acceptance were Favour, Benedict, Nora Creina, Caller Ou, and The Sea. These have since come down to Favour and Nora Creina. The Deloraine mare Britomarte is stated to be looking well at Caulfield. The Tasmanian-bred Sonata (late Mercury) has been entered for the Maiden Hurdle Race at Flemington this afternoon. So has Benedict. The distance is two miles. For the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race this afternoon, Buzzi, Ripple, or Soult should supply the winner. My confrere "Carbine" writes:-For the Grand National Hurdle Race, I fancy the chances of Larrikin or Favour 1, Don John 2, Nora Creina 3. For the G.N. Steeplechase I like Lar rikin 1, Timoni 2, Britomarte 3. In 1896 25 horses were left in the V.R.C. G.N. Hurdle Race after the first acceptance; this year there were 45. In the G.N. Steeplechase the figures are:-1896, twenty-eight; 1897, twenty seven. The final acceptances brought the Hurdle down to eighteen. Soult, the G.N. candidate, is de scribed as.being a tremendous puller. In the Hurdle Race at Sandown Park, the Hobart Cup winner, Bene dict, is said to have shaped in excel lent style for a beginner. Relative to the victory of the Tas manian mare Britomarte at Sandown Park, "Asmodeus" remarks:-"The Tasmanian mare, Britomarte, wore down Balmaghie in the long racing *stretch to the winning post. Brito marte's form was scarcely good enough, to put forward her Grand Na tional chance in a more favourable light than previously." "Nora Creina," remarks the "Leader," "is almost certain to be .Brewer's mount in the Grand National Hurdle Race. She has done a genuine preparation, and, although looking a trifle light to the casual observer, is really very fit." The Caulfield correspondent of the same journal says:-"Britomarte has come on very nicely in the last few weeks, and may have a good chance at Flemington, for she stays well, and jumps cleverly." The totalisator case heard at the police court on Monday was a regret table incident all through. I am in clined to think a double mistake was made, and fail to see why the matter " could not have been arranged by the Longford racing authorities. I sym pathise with those concerned, and think an: ill- advised step was taken in not adopting the course above men tioned. Magistrates who know nothing about racing matters cannot be ex pected to adjudicate satisfactorily on such a case as was presented to them. The summing-up of Justice Dodds in the "Gabby" case should be read b every racing man. "Carbine" writes:-"W. R: Wilson's famous horse Wallace heads the im post list for the Melbourne Cup with 9st. 131b., but notwithstanding this burden, should he stand his training preparation, he may prove one of the hardest horses to beat. Aurum, at 8st. 61b., has, to my mind, been badly treated, as he is asked to carry 71b. more than Newhaven. He is a good colt, and I would like to see him win. Wait-a-Bit at 8st. is fairly treated, and is sure to run well; while Tricolor, at 7st. 111b. reads remarkably well, and is pretty certain, I think, to gain a place should he start. Dreamland at 7st. 31b. will not be out of the hunt. Last year he performed well under 8st. 21b., and with a drop of 81b., I believe he will run a great horse in this Cup. However, at present, I favour the chances of Wallace, Aurum, Walt-a Bit, Tricolor, and Dreamland. The V.A.T.C. handicapper' has awarded the New Zealand crack Euro clydon pride of place for the Caulfield Cup, with 9st. 121b., but I have no re spect for his chance. Cremorne, the hero of last year's Cup, has been given 9st. 71b., which is not an ounce too much for him, and if the Cup is won by any of the heavy weights, it will, I think, he by him. Straightfire, ' at 1st. 111b., is nicely handicapped. Ho ran second to; Cremorne last year in this Cup with 7st. 3ib, in the saddle, and I should not be surprised to see him finish in the first three again. Trent at 1st. 10ib. is, I think, the best treated horse in the rance. On May, the 24th, at the V.R.C. Queen's Birth day meet, he won the Ei'ihday Handi cap, carrying 1st. 1011b. the distance, one mile and a half, being got over in ~2min. 38%sec., so I think whatever beats him sthould win. Theodore, 7st. 51b., and BenedIct, 1st. 5ib., should give a good account of themselves; and Don John at 1st. 41b. may cause a surprise by winning. At present I like* Cremorne, Straightfire, Treat, Theodore, Benedict, and Don John. Prime Minister, who Is by Westmln ster or Vespaslan, from Stockdove (dam of the Australian Peer), and who was -bought during his racing career by Messrs. Proudfoot and Fletcher for. 2100 guineas, was sold In Sydney the other day as a stud horse for 42 guineas. Maid of Honous', who in bygone days -was one of the most - popular qiuadru peds racing on Auckland courses, and who was sold at the dispersal of the New Zealand Stud Company's sitock some years back, was sold recently in Australia for five guineas. Thus an English journal:-"Breeders are afraid to offer for sale anything that is not in the stud book, because they know well that the foreign mar ket is closed to them. A Yankee will not buy anything whose pedigree you cannot roll off by the yard, and you must invariably end with 'by Eclipse." Latest advices from England con cerning the stallion Hampton, whose end was thought to be near at hand, are more encouraging. With the ad vent of warmer weather, the famous old horse had shaken off much of his rheumatism, and could walk about pretty freely, and it was quite hoped that he would be able to resume his stud duties to a limited extent. Advices from Tocal record the death of the brood mare Vermicelli. Ver micelli was by Gang Forward, from imported Queen of Naples, by Maca roni from Vhe, by Zuyder Zee from Queen ofl Beauty (dam of Panic), by Melbourne from Birthday, by Panta loon, etc.; and her progeny Include Glowworm, Sir Arthur, Tapioca, and Wollomombi, who have earned win ning brackets. The loss., of such a well-bred mare was further accentu ated by the fact that she was in foal to Medallion. The death is reported of the thor ough bred stallion Cambooya, by Tren 'ton from Ennui. He was doing stud duty at Silver Pines, Wagga, and re ceived an injury in the groin, followed by a severe attack of influenza. Cam booya, who has only been a couple of seasons at the stud, has left some pro mising stock behind him, among them being the two-year-old Camrose, who recently won a race at Maribyrnong. Cambooya was only six years old, and was bred by Messrs. Long and Hill at Hobartville. The field of 43 that took part in the contest for the Rosehill Cup recently was the largest that ever faced a starter in Australasia, and has only once been surpassed in England, when 45 assembled at the post for a race won by Croagh Patrick, a horse that subsequently~ came to Australia. Hitherto the colonial record was 42 for a Ladies' Bracelet at Caulfield, won by The Ghost, and Grace Darling's Caulfield Cup attracted a field of 41. Had the supply of riders been equal to the demand at Rosehill (says Syd ney "Mail'), the competitors for the Cup would have been increased by at least three or four, but jockeys were not available, and, consequently, a world's record was missed. Tatter sall's sweep considerations were mainly responsible for the great num ber of contestants, and the handi capper is also entitled to a deal of credit for the manner in which he brought his horses together. It was rather unfortunate that the race should have been marred by a false start, owing to which over a dozen of the competitors ran the whole distance, and the majority of the others covered three or four furlongs at their top. Precaution was made a very warm favourite, and though she was among the leaders in the false start her rider soon realised the state of affairs, and pulled up. In the race proper she also got well away, and ran prominently with Telegraph until fairly in the straight, where she faded out of the fray. and disanpeared in the ruck. De voted was also in the leading division, and flattered her admirers after pass ing the distance, but could not stay it out; and a collision with Sur vivor near the three furlongs post greatly Interfered with the chances of Mundiva, who,however, came very fast at the finish. The Singleton mare, Semiramis, did not get out of the ruck until nearing the distance, whence she came with a determined run, but had to be content with third place. Tele graph acted well under his impost, but after cutting out the work until well inside the distance the son of Metal was outpaced by Kelso, and beaten by a length. The winner, despite his re cent consistent running, was not much fancied by the public, and plenty of money could have been got about the son of Kingsborough at 100 to 5 up to the fall of the flag. 