I REVIEWS. The June part of Cassell's Magazine is a very lively affair, both pictorially and as to its literary matter, the " thing of beauty " for which it is to be principally noted being an album of illustrations of the well-known story of " Romeo and Juliet," being reproductions of the drawings by Mr. Frank Dicksee, R.A. These are beautifully executed, and make a suitable ornament for any table around which friends do congre- gate. In the magazine itself Australian readers will be interested specially in a bush story, by Mr. E. W. Hornung, "A Demon of Revenge," while " A Day in a Central African Village" gives in a small space much information concerning the natives of the Dark Continent. "Handel in England takes one to the Crystal Palace, and shows the superb way in which the works of the great master are performed there, while ghost raising, lion taming, and fire extinguishing are amongst the subjects chattily treated in other articles. No. 2 of "The Queen's Empire is devoted to demonstrating how the Queen and the Queen's subjects travels from Her Majesty's own capacious landau, in which she is shown about to leave Osborne House for a drive, to the many strange contrivances and difficulties of traffic in which the people cover the ground in the various parts of the dominions. The pictures are well done, and serve their purpose admirably ; the views in the Khyber Pass, on the Canadian Pacific Railway, Darjeeling Railway (Agony Point), and a South African drift crossing calling for especial mention. New Zealand has never been backward in the tourist race, principally because those who bear the burden of government upon their shoulders have from the first been far seeing men, easily convinced that if they wanted to induce a. stream of globe-trotters to their shores they must show the travelling Briton beforehand that there was something to repay him for his trouble If he went there. Their enterprise and industry have been rewarded. Thousands, literally thousands, of tourists have traversed Maoriland from the Southern Alps to the hot springs of the North Island, lured thereto by the pictorial representations of their grandeur and beauty, which have been spread from boarding to hoarding throughout the world, and thousands, literally thousands, of pounds have thereby been poured into the pockets of the fortunate residents who have waited upon the sightseers, catered for their necessities, and ofttimes anticipated their wants. Thus the reward has come, and so plentifully, too, that the cry is for increasing assistance to the man of wealth, to tell him what awaits him in these new worlds if he will only come and visit them. The Government accordingly is still on the alert. The old favourites, less, of course, the ill-fated I terraces which the earthquakes engulphed at Taupo, are still being boomed, and there are besides new cards for the coming season, one of which, known as Waikare Moana, or Sea of Rippling Waters, has just been eloquently depicted in words by Mr. Elsdon Best, and issued to the world in pamphlet form from the Government Print- ing Office by order of the Minister of Lands, the Hon. John McKenzie, the Acting Premier of the day. This will make one more interesting locality for the intelligent tourist to go and see in New Zealand, and as the book is well furnished with photographs of the locality the news of the new find should be just as well bruited abroad . as the old ones have been, Waikare Moana is represented as being worthy of attention, not only because of its physical structure, but because it is one of the last strong- holds of Maori life and legend. It is the stronghold of the Tuboe tribe, and specimens of ancient legend are given in this book taken by the ear witness from the lips of the Kau ma tea, or patriarch of the tribe. This old man, whose name is Tuta kangaroo, is an hereditary chief who is entitled both by birth and education to speak authoritatively on the history of the country, and as he is said to be available for visitors be ought to prove a draw in himself. Of the lake itself, the scenery is shown pictorially to be marvellously grand. It is often called the " Star " Lake, from the number of arms which run far away into the hills, offering a series of most beautiful views of great variety. Everywhere the forest comes right down to the water's edge, whilst on the east cliffs rise almost perpendicularly to close upon 2,000ft. from its surface. There are delightful places for camping on its many beaches, and altogether it seems to be a place for the summer tourist, especially those who have seen everything else, to go to. The Government of New Zealand is doing yeoman service in spreading these pamphlets broadcast as it seems to be doing. " In Camp and barrack " is a modest looking little story book by W. Ferrars Auburn (2 Captain Brandon"), which comes to us from the publishers, Ward, Lock & Co. Limited, through their local agents, J. Walch & Sons, There are a score of bright little soldier yarns of camp and barrack and battlefield, all of which breathe the air of truth, as indeed they should do in the nature of things, the author being a soldier himself, and wielding the sword as well as the pen. The kindly humorous way in which he looks at the frailties as well as the good qualities of Tommy Atkins is one of " Captain Random's " best traits, and he is crisp and epigrammatic as well, which is another recommendation, As a companion for a journey, railway or otherwise, In Camp and Barrack " can hardly be beaten. The June number of the Windsor Magazine is marked by a series of full-page pictures of the Queen's eminent subjects, beginning with the Marquis of Salisbury and extending through every branch of life. " Detective Day at Holloway Prison " and "Winning the Victoria Cross are worth noting amongst the general articles, while Hall Caine's story, "The Christian," runs an interesting course, and there is another of 1 Arthur Morrison's capital detective stories included in the rest of the fiction. 