? Fine. Clear. Libel. Biiou. Theatre. Glencoe. Pleasant. Taxation. Income tax. Parliament. Biolographe. Coney warm. Both Houses. HuR'ning it up. All-night sitting. Charity Festival. Crimical Sittings. Assembly excited. Horn burp emphatic. Vinegary discussion. The totalizator is safe. Austral off to London. Not on the programme. Well done, Mr. Kither. Glenelgsixpence return. Legislation by exhaustion. Roberts chastised Robert. Another death from thirst. The annua! financial farce. A handsome Christmas gift. Late sittings in both Houses. Parliamentary liver disordered. A few drops of rain this morning. " Home for the holidays" shortly. Barometer at 19 o'clock to-day. 29*82. Don't forger the Pirie-street charities. Severe cricketing accident at Horsham. Ventriloquism at tho Charity Festival. The old-time bullock-dray will die hard. Judges estimate the value of reputations. A distressing burning accident at Horsham. Leo caused a slight sensation at Petersburg. 6 The school children are all busy with their exams. Homburg charged with having a brief for Glencoe. Th« Ghost holds a levee at the Charity Festival. The Leader of tbe Labour Party in a critical condition. Coney much hurt at being accused of gross ignorance. The dinner hour gave the Assembly time to cool down. We will be Hooded with "Speech days" next week. Liberals insist upon foregoing Parliamentary control. Mr. Shannon fired up before the all-night sitting began. Employes of Malcolm Reid voted him to be a good fellow. A Bill to put down adulterated legislation badly wanted. Hon. Tom soon to vacate the position of Agent-General. " Fools rush in where angels fear to tread," Mr. Archibald. Stated that we shall have better than a fourbushel harvest. Aged Poor Select Committee not finished taking evidence. Mr. C. P. Kenny, late of Glenelg, has taken tbe Cafe de Paris. The perky Parliamentary baby likes to be heard and admired. Mr. F. E. H. W. Krichauff alive to the terroi s of phylloxera. Archie eloquently pleaded for the morality of Australian deficits. Archie took the scribblers to task. The giant should be merciful. Crown Lands Department jealous in the destruction of noxious weeds. Cool change will lessen the . number of visitors to the seaside to-night. The new Mayor of Thebarton exhibited discretion at his first Council meeting. On such a day as yesterday one could envy the b.aby born near the North Pole. The Children's Home at Walkervillo is indebted to ever generous Mr. Kither. "Thrift exists to pay taxation." Many a true word spoken in jest, O'Malley. After a girl is twenty-eight years old she doesn't believe in long engagements.. Of all the accusations that which makes the Labour Party most testy is ignorance. If the Country Party is omnipotent, the Labour Party claims to be omniscent. >tr. Christie Wade, an old-time pastoralist, examined by the Commission yesterday. Chairman of Committees applied the extinguisher to an extraneous discusssion. Sun rose at 4.29 a.m.; sets at €.49 p.m. Moon set at 3.11 a.m.; rises at 6.18 p.m. Every member has a taxation Btring to harp upon. Result, discord. Oh, for a whip. " He who fisrhts and runs away, lives to fight another day." Apt isn't it, Robert? John Darlintr, jun., ventured to differ from the Attorney-General on a legal question. Yesterday the Council adjourned at 10.55 p.m., and the Assembly at 5.12 thiB morning. What won't women do with their hair. Is washing it in kerosine a new-fangled notion? Mr. Kingston bowed to tbe force of superior numbers on the amendment to the Seed Wheat Bill. "Dem little kiddies" looking forward to their holidays; the parents are not so keen on them. Soma men are born lunatics; some men become lunatics; some men go into Parliament. Dick Wood, with customary cuteness, worked in an advertisement for the Labour organ. Who among our public men will champion the cause of the weak against tbe cause of the strong? Just fancy Dick Wood wanting to dispense with tbe refreshment bar after such a day as yesterday. The man who tells of "Pardon the son of Reprieve" makes a suggestion of racing " hereafter." King O'Malley cannot understand the libe law. Well, it puzzles men of more than average ability. Viceregal party inspected tbe eucalyptus oil factory at Kangaroo Island, and were much interested therein. King OMailey bad better carry a sixshooter after libeling the defenders of our hearthR and homes. Mr. Kither has a smiling Christmas box face all through the year—life reminds one of the Cheeryble Bros. Mr. Scherk quoted Mr. O'Loughlin's private opinion against the Commissioner of Crown Lands' official ditto. Foundation-stone of new Bible House in Grenfell-street to be laid by His Excellency te-morrow afternoon. O'Malley sljould retire to the Speaker's Room for a lesson in the art of putting a question free fiom adjectives. Dr. Rogers is the first one since the establishment of the University to pass in mental science in the blaster of Arts eoiir-o. Sir Oracle Shannon intends to stop the Government from passing hasty legislation. C. C. K. chuckled at the new Don Quixote. Tho Premier and the Leader of the Opposition appeared in white suits. Sir John's being if anything whiter than snow. He had a white belltopper to match. The prize photographs in The Observer competition, and others specially commended bv the Judges, will be splendidly reproduced in tbe Christmas Obsirvtr. There will be something for every one in the Christmas Observer—Thrilling tales and sketches, poetry, chcss, riddles, odds and ends, generalities of all descriptions. : The Christmas issue of The Observer will bo asplendid one, and will maintain the high reputation the paper has attained for the excellence of its Christmas productions. O'Malley—" My district does not want seed wheat. God gave it everything." An Hon. Member—''Except good i-ip resen tati yes." And somebody apologised to Carpenter. The bird of freedom, O'Malley, appears jealous of his compatriot, Bilmartin, getting twentv-five times more damapps than himself. But O'Mallev is a member of Parliament. "But it is 40° below zero!" said Mrs. Peary. " Yes, so nice and mild. It will soon be noon of the year," replied the nurse. Wonder what they would say to 99" in the shade? The Register asks Ministers to deny if they can that Dr. Morrison's letter contains very grave charges against the management of the Hospital in one particular department— charges which it were a scandal to ignore. The. following is quoted for Mr. Archibald's benefit:— O, wad some power the piftie pie us, To see onrsels as ithers «ee u<: It wad fra« monie a bliimler free us An' foolish notion. Mr. Addison remarked that he would rather go to heaven with some racchorsfs than with some men. The Crura bman heard a man sav that he would rather go to some place hot with some racehorses than to heaven with some men. A member of our maligned army called at The lieiisUr office, and stated that if King O'Malley put in an appearance at the camp at Granite Island he would have it effectually proved that the " tinpot army" could shoot goats and asses as well as rabbits. Would Mr. Addison agree with the sentiment contained in tho following lines from Banjo Paterson:— 1 don't want no harping or sincing, So thincs with my style don't apree; Whore the hoofs of the' racehorses are ringing There's music sufficient for me. In Baden and Alsace- Lorraine tho member at the Bar who is likely to take silk or become a .ludee is expected to go through a fourteen days' prison course like any common prisoner, iu order to make liim acquainted with the conditions of lite and surroundings in which those whom he may some day sentence will have to pass tiieir time. An interesting bit of accounting, says an American journal, would be a balance-sheet, completed after the Klondyke craze has had its run, showing how much, if at all, the wealth taken out of that region exceeds the wealth carried into it. If human life be taken at its true value, the balance against tha Klondyke is already too great to be overcoma. 