[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED]. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE ME>~T. THE WATCHMAN OF ORSDEX MOSS. BT J. MONK FOSTER. Author of "THE SLAVES OF FATE," "A MIXER'S MILLION." " CHILDREN or DARK NESS." "TEROVUH FLOOD AND FLAME."' "QCEEX OF THE FACIOP.Y,"' "A PIT BROW LASSIE." "THE WHITE GIPSY." "THE MJNE MASTER'S IJAVCHTKF., ' ETC.. ETC. CHAPTER I. THE RETURN OF THK NATIVE. ^Vhen rke train rumbled slowly into the little station of Orsden Greeu the only passenger that alighted was a stranger to the pompous, redfaced. thick- girthed little station-master, standing on the platform, and the poor-looking, attenuated porter who was hovering about the white gate leading from the platform, r.o collect tickets, if any were forthcoming. As he stepped out of the carriage the soli tary passenger glanced around him with the air of one unaccustomed to the place, stared at the new red-brick station-house in a quietly curious way. regarded the pursy, uniformed official as if he were half- inclined to. venture some inquiries, and then seeing the waiting, would-be collector of tickets, and the open gate, walked slowly towards them, drawing iiis voucher from his waistcoat as he went forward. '. How far is the village of Orsden Green from herethe man queried, as he handed Ills railway ticket to the porter. "About a'mile, sir," the long-legged, amemic-looking railway servant answered readily. "When you get to the highroad turn to the left and you can't miss it"If you go right on. You are a stranger about these :ere parts, sir ;" You are right, my man. I'm a stranger," the traveller returned, with the ghost of a repressed smile flickering for an instant about the corners of his eyes. "I suppose now there will be no place in the village where one could put up for a day or two Y' - "There's only the Black Boar, sir ; but both the landlord and his wife are nice folk, an' I daresay they'd make you comfortable. Anyway, if you was thinkin' of stopin' you might see, sir." '' Thank; rou, I will. Very warm, isn't it? j Here's a drink, Good afternoon, my mall." ."Thanks. Good day, sir; turn to the left, mind.". .. : Passing through the open gate the stranger went .along the downward slope of smooth cinders, and in a few moments was standing in the country lane over- which the railway ran. Without pausing" the man set-out at a rapid pace to the left, went beneath the stone archway, and passing a newly white-washed farmstead gave a hearty "Fine afternoon Mr. Brodrick." to a burly, grey- bearded fanner he met coining out of the farmyard. The farmer stared hard at the stranger, Stunted back some indistinct response, and then turned to folio w the other with his eyes. But the man who had come by train to "the small station at Orsden Green trudged on in stolid unconcern, drawing an old briar from his vest pocket, ramming down the dust ana tobacco with a thick, brown linger, and soon big puffs of pungent smoke-wreaths were rising from his lips to eddy and melt away on the summer air. The stolid wayfarer was a common-enough looking individual. He seemed to be about Cve-and-nfty years of age, was of medium height and goodish build, with blunt, intelli gent features, whitish hair, and iron-grey lieard. He had fine eyes of greyish-blue, and they were keen and clear as those of a man in his twenties ; and his garments and general bearing were such as one might ex pect to find in a respectable memberof the working classes. Still smoking stolidly, and trudging mea suredly, the pedestrian came to the summit of a gentle brow up which he had been pac ing. Here he paused, drew out a red cotton handkerchief, removed his soft felt hat. and mopped his perspiring countenance. Then his eyes swept the whole of ;he sur rounding countryside, and the altered look in the depths of those grey-blue eves be tokened some regret and much quiet'enjoy ment. He appeared at that moment as*a man might be expected to look when at length, after years "of dreaming, the Land of Promise lay before his eyes. The view upon which the stranger was gazing was a somewhat fair one to find in the heart of Lancashire, within a score of miles of the greatest seaport in the world, and about a similar distance from the capital of Cotton. Before the man, as he paused there, pleased and perspiring, the white dusty highway stretched away in a gentle declivity, between tall, straggling blossom laden hedgerows, be hind which were pleasant expanses of culti vated fields. A quarter of a mile away, where the road vanished ; from his sK'ht' knots of scattered houses marked the centre of the village of Orsden Green, and the square tower of grey--brown stone, rising high above the tallest chimneys in the place, de noted the whereabouts of the sacred ground wherein "the rude forefathers of the hamlet' slept in peace. To the east of the village the green lands swept upward for half a mile or more, slowly at Srst, then sharply, till the crest of the Bisphani hills was reached. Almost on the top of the green ridge a white farmhouse stood out clearly ; and the great sails of the slowly revolving windmill were vividly silhouetted against the blue of the summer skies, and could be seen distinctly in 'Coleclough, the nearest town, which was just five miles away. On the highest point of the undulating sweep of green upland a low, roughly- con^ structed pile of unhewn stones indicated the site of the old Bisphani Beacon, whereon, in days long fled, watch fires had flared forth when danger had threatened the land. . The whole of the countryside lying on the western side of Orsden Green was flat and only commonly interesting. There" were I many fields and a few farm houses, a green ! lane or two, and paths across the wheatfields i and grass lands, find here and there a clump of trees. Orsden Moss and Orsden Hall were close by the village. The former was a ban-en stretch of turfy moor upon which nothing grew save rushes, marsh marigolds, and a hundred other vagabond plants, useless to the husbandman. Now and again, in past years, ineffectual attempts at cultivation had been made, and in times more remote still, the moss had supplied the villagers with peat for their cottage fires. Orsden Hall was situated on the edge of the moss, where the ground rose somewhat and the soil was better. It was a tumble down affair now, but had bc- en a residence of some pretensions and consequence when a few of the Orsden Green folks were lids and lasses. There wers clumps of trees about the house,, a big, rambling old orchard be hind it, a neglected lawn and fidwer patches in front,, and the whole was surrounded, by a tall, ragged, untrimmed hedge of hawthorn and hazel, over and about which the fragrant, yellow-blossomed honeysuckle and the white chaliced bindweed clambered still and flourished in their seasons. Standing there on the summit of the high road the upper windows of the hall were just visible to the resting and reconnoitring way farer, and as his keen grev eyes swept over them for an instant a most forbidding scowl blackened, his countenance. Then his gaze was hurriedly withdrawn and flashing east ward to the foot of the green shelving upland upsn/fbcrotaly really sjSii'in that wide:expans6ot!3ummery greenness;:' '"...'? This was the-, Orsden cJre^il Colliery ,viiut one might haye-jieejed -aboufc ih y aiit Ciot tye towering headgear of heavy baulks of timber that usually guard the entrance to a mine. The colliery was worked by means.of a tun nel, or " day-eye." driven under the range of hills, and for twenty or thirty years had fur nished more or less-generally less-employ ment to tfie male portion of the villagers. The wayfarer s eyes rested on the engine .house, office, heaps of coal and dirt, Vne tramline running northward to the railway siding, with a look of recognition in them. It was" evident he know the old-fashioned, antiquated colliery, and it was evident, also, that the recollection revived no bad memories such as those the siuht- -of the hall had re called. "Just the Mine old spot that I have earned with me all these years!" the-man murmured to himself as lie pursue I his wav villagewards. " Not a single thing seems to have changed. There's not a ne<v house added to those I recollect-not one of them missing. But what of the folk who lived in the cottages when I went a tot ? Are they unchanged, too .' And is that miserable natured, fiinty- souled old scoundrel still alive andat the Hall ? V* ell, well, I shall learn soon enough no v. And the others ? What has become of them, Matthew, Luke and poor Judith ."' The man's voiee trembled just a little as those names fell slowly one after the other from his tongue and a generous moisture gathered in his sharp eyes. The sight of the peaceful looking village had sent h's thoughts back with a rush to the incidents and happenings of many years before-the little delights and petty annoyances which then made up the sum of his life, and the one foolish adventure which had driven him, outlawed and outcast abroad. . And now he was back again in the green, sleepy village wherein he first drew t"ie breath of life, and the ban which had been placed on him in early manhood hung over him still now that he had topped the hill of life, and was slowly ana gracefully sliding towards the black gulf of men named Death. But thoughts of the ban gaie our friend no deep concern. If the face of the land had changed imperceptibly, he knew that he might expect changes in those who had known him in his youthful days. Of all those whom he had left behind, and remem bered still, how many were in the land of the living now ? Not many, he felt assured ; and if a few remained, would they be able to recall his name even, much less recounise ! him ? Thinking" of these things, the man went down the falling highroad, and when the first cottage was at hand he came face to face with the first of the villagers. He knew that cottage well, and paused a score of yards away to take stock of it again. It was a low house oi stone, and stood by it self, with a strip of garden surrounded by a closely trimmed hedge of privet, in which was set a small white wicket. Then he noticed a tall, a girlish figure at the little gate, and he resumed his walk. The girl was at the wicket still" when he approached. Somehow the pedestrian was minded xo speak to the village., maiden,_ and when he was opposite her he drew up, and with a clumsy attempt at civility, half raised his hat, saying : j "" You must excuse me, my girl, but isn't | this Orsden Green ! "It is, sir," the girt said, readily. ?'And where is the Black Boar ' "Justa few strides further on. Toucan j miss it, for there's a big drinking trough for the horses before the door." "Thank you very much ! " He lifted one foot to take himself away when another thought stayed his progress. "You'll ex cuse me," he said awkwardly, " but perhaps you can tell me if anyone of the name of Shelvocke lives in the village." " Shelvocke!" she cried, and her eyes sparkled, her lips parted with a smile. "Yes, sir ; there are several in the village. I, my self, am one of them ! " ". You" His eyes lit up with a new, a sudden in terest, and he regarded the budding specimen of womanhood, critically. She was dark haired, dark-eyed, and olive- skinned, had good reatures, and a tall, graceful, well developed figure for one of seventeen. In a few years she would be a beauty of the darn imperious type. While he regarded her he was speaking. The Shelvocke I had in my mind, miss," he said slowly, " was a man of the name of Aaron-Aaron Shelvocke. Perhaps you wouldn t know him. He was a mate of my own once, but that was some twenty-five or thirty years since." "Oh, he's been dead ever so long," Miss Shelvocke answered lightly, as she ran a brown lissom hand along the sheaf of dusky tresses hanging down her back. " Dead '. Well, well! I thought I'd look him up as I was passing this way, miss. Surely he wasn't related to vou in any wav, was he ?" "I believe he was, sir." she replied. "Of course I never knew him, but I have heard my father talk about him. Uncle Aaron was a bit wild, as you must know, if he was a friend of yours ; and when he went away ' to Australia or New Zealand they never heard"from him afterwards." "But how did they get to know that Aaron was dead 1" "Somebody brought the news of his death. He was killed, I believe, by somebody at-tha gold, diggings." " Poor old Aaron! Poor old Aaron 1" the man said sympathetically. "To think that I should only think of looking you up after all these years to find you dead-dead and buiied in a foreign country. And so he was killed at the gold diggings? Well, well; Aaron always was a wild roving sort of chap. But I was fond of him for all that. Your Uncle Aaron wasn't a had sort, my girl!" "Perhaps not, but he got a bad name, didn't he ?" " Nothing worse than poaching. Nothing worse than that! " the stranger exclaimed warmly. "And so your father was one of my old friend's brothers, was he? Now .which of them, miss, for I believe there were two or three brothers ? " "My father's name is Luke Shelvocke," the girl answered, not without some pride; "and he is, or was, the underlooker, and manager as well, of the Orsden Green Col liery over there." I "I don't remember him ; but I'm glad to hear that one of poor Aaron's relatives is alive. And so, Miss Shelvocke, I understand that your father isn't the manager of the old colliery now 1" "No, sir !" And a faint frown flickered across the giri's strong and darkly handsome face. .'Retired, I daresay, through age ?" "Oh, no! The colliery is stopped for good, and folks are saying it will never be re-opened again." "Indeed! How's that "The people who owned it-the Vanshaws -have all gone to wreck and ruin, and the whole of the place Is to be sold up. That is the reason, sir : and I believe the sale is to take place on Monday next." " How sad ' How sad, to be sure !" the man muttered commiseratingly, and the girl whose eyes were on the speaker wondered how it was that tlie look on his face was entirely out of accord with the tones in which he spoke. "That will be a bad job for all the villagers, I suppose ?" he said. " It will, sir ; but I for one shall be glad to get away from this dull place !" " Is your father thinking of moving then 1" " He hasn't said so yet, but I hope he will. Why should he stay here when there is no further work for him ?" ! "Just so. I daresay he is in the house] now.'1 ] "Oh, no ; he is at the colliery, where they are paying off all the work people for the last time. I must be off now to get his dinner ready or I shall catch it. Good after noon, sir." She half-turned from the gate. "One moment, my girl," he cried. "Tell your father, will you, that <-ui old friend of Irs brother's was inquiring about Aaron. I may see him before 1 go away, as I intend to stay in the village for a day or two. I shall put_ up at the Black Boar, don't you call it ? -if I can get no other place." "Shall I give him your name ?" she queried. with her fine black eyes fixed full on his own grey onc-.s. "Of course, I'd quite forgot. Say Mr. Brown-Mr. Israel Brown, "of Preston was asking about his brother Aaron." She nodded her bare, dusky head quickly, henodded more gravely, and thhethey parted; she made her way to household affairs, he went thoughtfully towards the village inn. "A bonny wench that, and a smart one, too ! " he murmured to himself as he went so Luke is alive and kicking yet-I-^nder if he is ss miserly and rfli?: critjus; as he_iised to be? And those other ^SHlMvockea-the'' wench spoke of ? Who are_ thev ? YcrjTikely some of the children ot Matthew and Judith. Well, well!" CHAPTER-II. PEACE WITH HONOR. , - The man who had called himself.." Mr Israel Brown." and given. "his .address as Preston, had made his way to the Black I Boar, and, as. the ^bli^ing porter had sug gested, had succeeded in obtaining apart ments there for such time as he might re quire them. The inn was of the low, roomy, ramoiing character so often encountered' in village hostelries of an antique date, for the Blacri Boar had been a fi'llly- lieensed house when stage coaches were common and railways were just being talked of. It stood by itself, and back from the highway a score or more of yards, the space in front being paved with the slippery, round-topped cobbles to be met with now in country places 1 only. Behind the house was a great expanse ot green sward, kept carefully and set apart for the lovers of the gentle art of bowling ; and the " sreen " was much frequented not only by the villagers but by driving parties from Coleelough. Beyond the bowling green was a pleasant orcliaid, and pretty stretches of 'cultivated land ; and as the green itself was jsurrounded 011 three sides by a tall hedge *row, white with' blossom, the place looked .attractive enough when, some hours after jhis arrival, Mr." Israel Brown, of Preston, isiuntered out of his quarters for a smoke in !the open air. A Sauntering round the green our iriend jcame upon a bench set under a low, thickly ? foliated sycamore. Here he seated himself land proceeded to till his pipe, and, that 'object accomplished, he lit- it- ana puffed 1 iawav placidly, his eyes following the move I (merits of the trundlers of the jwoods, iwhose cheery voices raised in play floated to !'him on the soft simmer air. Mr. Israel Brown had been sitting there !for perhaDS a dozen minutes when his glance, 'straying around the wide square of green [turf, chanced to fail upon the figure of a ?new comer, a man, who was standing at that .end of- the green nearest to the public house. Instantlv Mr. Israel Brown became very excited in his quiet way, and deeply ..interested. IIis keen, greyish-blue eyes -were rivetted upon that tall, gaunt, stoop 'in2. disarmed figure, .vitli its nigged beard ?ofwhitv-red tint" and its general air of indi gent age.- His pipe was withdrawn from his Tips and allowed to expire, the air of placid contentment had flown from his face and left it almost pallid, and his whole demeanor ^bespoke one who had been surprised greatly ! land considerably alarmed. . ... . Almost fis auickly as he had lost his spirits 'Mr. Brown regained them. V> itli a low 'laugh at liis own discomposure he put. his ifears away, struck a match, re-lit his pipe, 'and smoked away stolidly as before. But |his eves were still bent upon that gaunt, dilapidated-looking figure; and even as he 'dropped'" the glowing match he was aware Ithat the' inan who had attracted his notice ."was coming his way. i He waited wondering, but 110 longer fear fid, and nearer and nearer the man drew on ?the narrow path of gravel which ran along side the bowling green. Then he was near .at- hand, was standing with a servile, apolo getic bearing near the wooden bench upon iwhieli Mi'. Brown was still smoking, i " I beg yore pardon, sir," the one-armed ;man began/"but- may I ax if you might be ?Mester Brown ?" 1 "I might.be, my man,'1 said the man Addressed hierrily, "and may I ask" who you ?may be ?" . . . " " Owd Dan Coxall. at yore sarvice, sir.' And what can I do for you, Mr. Dan Coxall'?" "Well, sir," the older man replied, as he seated himself on the vacant end of the bench with the slow stifihess of a rheumatic subject, "Mester Challis, th' landlord, were tellin' me that you was askin' a lot of ques tions abeawt O'sden Green, sir ! " "So I was; and the landlord was good enough to suggest to you, Mr. Dan Coxall, that you were the very man to tell iae all I wanted to know about the place, and its folks '!" "That's jus'it, sir." " Well, I shall be much obliged if you will. But suppose we have a drink first V "Thanky, sir! Mahne's a pahnt o'ale ? here, Betsy, wencli!" The servant came at Coxall's call, took 1 their orders, supplied the refreshments, and then, when the liquid had been sampled, and each other's health toasted, . Israel Brown remarked. " And now, Dan, let me begin my question ing by asking how long you have lived at Orsden Green <" ; "A' my life. I were in t1 village nigh on sixty-nine 'ears an' I never was eawt 011't." " You must have known a few of the ' Yanshaws then-the Squires of Orsden Green, as they were called ?" "I should think I did know some on 'em ! Why, sir, I were gamekeeper for Squire Yanshaw ten 'ears afore I lost this 'ere arm in his sarvice; but it's more nor fahve an' twenty 'ear sir neaw! Th' fust Squire Yanshaw I knowed were Mester Drake Yanshaw, him as nearly mint th' estate wi' racin' an' gamblin.' Then there were his brother, as was cawd Miser Yanshaw, and when he.deed" (died) "soon after I lost this 'ere limb-here the speaker held up the remnant of the stump-"his son, y'ung Mansford -Yanshaw, came on, and he were a rare plucked un he were." " What was there remarkable about this Mansford-Yanshaw, Dan ?" Brown asked, as the old game-keeper paused and buried his face in the mouth of his pint pot. " Well, sir," Dan resumed, as he wiped his lips with his knotted brown knuckles, "it were lahke this 'ere. The Miser Squire was a reg'lar stric' soart, an' he made his son Mansford to toe th' mark jus' lahke a pore ev'ryday Christian, The y'ung felly stood it gradely weel, too, till his fayther popped off, an' then begun to shake a loose leg, an' no mistake abeawt it. He took after his uncle, Drake Vanshaws an', bit by bit, ev'rythin' owd Miser Yanshaw left behint him his son has made ducks an' drakes on ' The last bit or two will be getten shut on nex' Monday afternoon. But there's not much news, sir. Once, I've heard mi fayther -say, that the Yanshaws ownt ev'rythin' for two miles on every shade o' O'sden. An' neaw-" "And now," the other broke in with an oath, " the whole cursed race of them is wiped out of the country. Well, let them go. Why should you and I grumble, Dan ? They were no good to anybody. Even you, who, you say, lost a limb in their service, are left now to" live upon your old friends or die in the workhouse." " Oh, th' owd Squire didn't tratc me so badly," Coxall returned, with n wag of his head. "When I lost mi arm he fo'nd me a job up at tli' ha', an' when Ben Rufford cocked up his toes I geet his place as watch man at th' colliery, which I kept till to-day." "And now that the colliery is stopped you are thrown out of work, I suppose, Dan V "That's so, master ; but if some'dy buys tli' place I dersey I may get my owd shop back again.". "I hope so. Dan ! Are you empty ? Well, tell your friend, Betsy, to repeat our dose." A little later, Mr. Israel Brown returned to the attack he was making 011 Dan Coxall's stores of village lor #. "And this Mansford Yanshaw, Dan what has become of him ? Is he dead, or alive still ? " "He's kickin' yet. they say, somewheerin | Lunnun; but he went to smash a few months sin', an' those as he was owin' money to has 1 b'n' carryin' lh' place 011. They're tired 011't it. seems ;. an' tli' whole job lot will swap j lionds nex' Monday." J "Well, if the place is sold, I hope the "colliery will be re-started, and that you are put back in your old shop as night-watch man." "Thanky, sir ! Yore good health." " I suppose, Dan," after a pause, the man resumed, " that you wouldn't remember a family of the name of Melvock-110, Shel vocke, I am sure it was- that once lived in the village some 20 or 30 years ago 1" "I should think I do," was the emphatic rejoinder. "Why, Mester Brown, it was one.o' that theer very fam'Iy that caused me to looas this arm !' '. Indeed !'' "It were so! That was a rare plucked : un. and they ca'ed him Aaron-big A, little a roil. He wereu' ^'together a bad soart wasn't- Aaron; but he geet mixed up wi'a bad lot of pooachers ; had a row wi owd Miser Yanshaw, was sacked fro' th'colliery, an' went to the devil, afore he flew his kite.'' £^An<f;tYas'this same Aaron Shelvocke, as jron1 call him, really responsible for the loss of'your arm, Dan ?" How did it happen ? " ^ '"Oh !. easy enough. Aaron an'a gang o' [ his mates were after conies, an' me an' a lot j o' lobs were after them. We dropt across 'em, an' there was a row. One o! th' pooachers were kilt, an' Aaron smashed my arm a' to smithers wi' a stake. But they a' geet away, excop' th' deeud i:n : an' noan en em were seen again."' " And what become of A:tron Shelvocke?" "He went to th' gnoi.) di^jin's an' deed theer.'' " And the other Nhe:v..ek-.'S > " ."Th' livin' or deeV.d mss "Tno.se who aiv still living at Orsden Green I'' "Oh, theres four 011 'em. Ov.d Luke an' his dowter, an' two y'irag fellays- Mat and Levi Blackshaw.'' " Levi Blackshaw : He is not a Shelvocke:1" " He is Judith Shelvocke's son Oh ! I see, Dan. And these young chaps? Do they live in the village still f' "They done!" And what do they do /" " Y'ung Slat is a coaler, an' lie were -.rovkin' at th' 0 sden Green Colliery afore it stopped. He's a rayther wild card, ail' he takes after his uncle Aaron, but he s a grrutely dacent lad for a that. ^ »11 lahke him when ym see him, he's such a pratty brown lad, wild, hot-tempered an' uevii-may-eare." Jus'' lahke his Uncle Aaron. Mat pavs for me mouv a gill o' ale, he does " And this Levi Blackshaw. What is he like. Dan;" -i' pli.' lie's a lot too good for O'sden Green folk. Levi takes after another nncle-owd j Luke bhelvoeke : and he's jus' as meaiy mouthed, as miserly, and as parsonified as his mother s brother. I don't care much for Mester Levi; lie never gicd me ;t rieniiv in his Iafhe." " Is Levi a collier also <" "Nowe,.he isn't; he does sununat- in a office in Coleclough. He's quahte a gent in his way, is Mester Levi ; with a shute o' black on Sundays, an' a collar an' tie ev'ry For some time silence was permitted to rest unbroken bet ween the two men. Dan had " bottomed " his second jug of ale, and was vaguely wondering if another pint would be bestowed upon Inni. while his "'companion was wrapped in thoughts engendered bv the conversation. Meanwhile, the lovers of the wooden spheres were disporting themselves, and displaying their skill on the sward, fill ing the pleasant air with ejaculations, and tiie July sun was sinking towards the west. " I've enjoyed our conversation very much, Dan," the younger of the two men remarked presently, as he lifted his eyes and looked straight at his companion. " When one talks about old times it seems to bring them back again, doesn't it ?" "It does that, sir ! " Well, here's something for your trouble, ?Dan. I shall be glad if you will drink mv ; health once out of it." - " " Of course, I will. But-why, Mester ' Brown, it's a sov'reign I" and the old man : gazed with sparkling eyes at the gold coin ; lying in his crooked palm. , Yes, I Know. If it- is more than vou ex pected drink Aaron Shelvocke's health also. ; He wasn't a bad sort, if he caused you to lose ' that arm, Dan, and thought he had killed ! you." Coxall made no immediate rejoinder. For 1 some moments he stared quietly at the coin he held. Then he turned suddenly to his companion and surveyed h'm criticallv from ?' head to foot. ou will know me again. Dan, when we : meet" . "I think so, mester. I v,-ere bothered a i bit at fust but I can see it a' neaw." i "See what?" " Who yo'are, an' why yo' are ere Gi'e me thy hond, Aaron Shelvocke ! I forgi'e thee, lad ! If I hadna seen that little finger on thy left hond which is missin' I couldn't lia' towd thee !" Tiiev shook hands heartily, and each laughed a little. Then the vourmer man said meaningly, as his alert eVes rested .in the other. " If you will forget for a week or so who I am, Dan, I shall have another sovereign to spare nest Saturday." 3 " Thanky, sir ! Thanky !" '.To be Oonlinuerl.) 