; Chapter; XII. ■ A-fortnight had passed and John Storm had | not yet visited Glory:; Nevertheless;: he had heard of her from day "tip, day by ;the medium of .the newspapers. Every , morning he had glanced down the black columns for the name that.'stood out from them as if-its letters had been printed in blood. . The reports had been many and .mysterious! First, the ibrilliant young artiste who had made such an. extra ordinary impression some, months before had returned to London and would shortly, resume the promising career which had been inter rupted- by illness and family bereavement. Next, the forthcoming appearance would be on the regular stage and in a Shakspearian char acter, which was always understood to be a cru cial test of histrionic genius. : Then the revi val of Romeo and Juliet, which had formerly, been in contemplatipo, would probably give way to the Stilbmore ambitious project of an entirely new- production by a woli-knowmScandinavian author .with a part peculiarly fitted to the personalityl '.and talents -of ;,;the . debutant: Finally, a syndicate was about to be-formed for- the purchase of some old property with a view to its reconstruction , as a theatre in the interests of the new. play and the new player. . John Storm laughed bitterly. He told him self that Glory .was unworthy of the least of his thoughts. It was his duty to go on with his work and think of her no more. : -He had received his official notice to quit. The church was to be given up in a mouth, the clergy-house in two months,-and he be lieved himself to be immersed in preparations for the. rehousing, of , the club and home. Twenty young mothers and their children now lived ixi the "upper rooms uuder obedience to the sisterhood, out Polly's boy had remained with Mrs. Pmcher.- From tirne to time lie had seen the little : one tethered to a chair by a scarf about its waist, creeping by the wall to i tile door, and there gazing out on to the world i with looks of intelligence, and babbling to it i ■in various inarticulate noises. The little dark i face had the eyes of its mother, but it repre-1 sented Glorv for all that-. John Storm loved i to see it. He felt that he could never part! with it, and that if \ Lord Robert-Ure hinise;r i came and asked lor it he would bundle him out o! doors. ■ . - ■ >'' Boo-loo ! Lal-Iai'.' Mum-urn?" As ho passed up the lane lie stopped at tue pawnshop door and kissed the little hps as tney prattled, and curled, and then kissed them again as they drooped and lull,-and-, something, darkened the little existence. -:|-but a carnage drew up at Mrs. Callender's one morning, and Lady Robert lire-stepped out. Her pale and patient face had the feeble and nervous smile-ut the humiliated and nil- i loved. ■ Mr. ."storm, she.said 111 her gentle voice,'. •"I have conio: oh a delicate errand. I cannot delay any lunger a duty I ought to have done betore." •It was about PoilyVbabv. She had heard of what had happened at tlie huspnal, anrtitlie newspapers which lind lollowed her to Paris with reports-of her. wedding had contained reports of tho girl's death also. Since lier j return she had enquired about the-child, and ' discovered that it had been rescued by trim, •and was now to his careful keeping. • " But it is for me to look aftei-it, Air. Storm, and I beg of you to give it up to me. Smne !thing tells me that God will never give me any children of my own,:so I; shall, Oe do.ng no barm lo anyone, and my husband need never •know whose child it is I adopt.-" promise you to be good to it. It shall never leave i:ie.-4 nd if it should live to be a man and grow to love mp tliat will help me.to forget the past and to forgive myself for my own share in it. Oh, it is little I can do lor the poor girl who is gone, for after all she loved him and 1- took him from her. But this is my duty, Air. Storm/and 1 cannot sleep at night or rest in tho day until it is begun." ■' I don't know if it is your duty, dear lady, but if you wish,lor the child it is your right," said John Storm and they got into the carriage and drove to Soho. . . '"Boo-loo? Lal-Ja i - Alum-urn 1" Tho child was_: tethered; to. the chair as/-usual and talking, to the vyorld according, to its wuut.. ; . When it was gone and the women on the doorsteps could sea no more 6f the fine carriage of the great lady ,who had brought the odor "of perfume and the rustle of>ilk .iiito the dingy court and Mrs/ Eiucber had turned bdelc to the house with red eyes and her widow's cap awry,. John Storm told Himself that everything was for tho best. . .The last link with Glory was broken; Thank God for that.: Ke might go on with his work now.and need think of her no more. ■ . . . . . , . That day he called at Clement's Inn. , ilia Garden House was a pleasant dwelling/ fronting on two of its sides to the garden of the ancient inn of court and cosily furnished with many curtaius and rugs. ,The eockuey maid who answered tho door- was familiar in a moment and during the short passage from the; hall to the flcior above, she communicated many things. Her name was Liza ; she had li'eard' him-.preaoh:; he had made her cry; "Miss Gloria'! had known" her former mistress and Mr. Drake had got her the present place. There wiis a sound .of laughter from the. drawing-room. It 'was Glory's voice. When the door opened she . was; standing in the ihiddle of- the floor inv a black dress and with a pale face, but her eyes we're bright, and she waS/daughing'-'.merrily.''" She stopped when John Storm entered and looked confused and ashamed. Drake, who was lounging on the couch, .rose and bowed to him, and _AIiss Macquarrie./who 'was correcting long slips of printer's proofs at a desk by the window, came forward .atid- welcomed hitm Glory held his hand with her long rhand clasp and looked steadfastly into his eyes. .. His "face ■ twitched and her own blushed deeply, and then she, talked; in: a'nervous and jerky way, reproach ing him for. his neglect of her. :v-. "I havo been .busy,'I-Jie' began/ and then i stopped with a sense of hypocrisy. " I mean worried ,ahd ; tormented,"" and then stopped again; for Drake had dropped his head. _ She laughed, though there was nothing to laugh at, and proposed tea, rattliug along in broken, sentences that .were spoken with a tremulous trill which bad a suggestion of tears . '.behind it. '""Shall Irihg.for- tea, Rosa." 'OKj~|' have"rang''for";tea,!;,>iA.l),T'here itrdomuS'lT ^Thiinkfybu/'Iiizhi'!-ySetJ it-'here,"- seating her-'j' self. /'"Now, who says the 'girl? Remem ber?" and then more laughter. At that moment there was another arrival it was (Lord Robert: Ure. - He kissed Rosa's hand; smiled on Glory, .saluted:" Drake familiarly, and then settled himself on alow stool by the; tea table, pulled up the knee of r his,trousers, relaxed- the congested muscles: of one half of;his'face, and let fall hiseyeglass.. Drake was handing out the cups as Glory filled them. : He was looking at her atten tively, vexed at the change in her manner since John fcitorm entered.-- When he returned to his seat on the sofa he began - to twitch the ear. of. her pug, which - lay coiled up asleep beside him, calling.it an ugly-little pestilence,: and wondering why she carried-it about with her. Glory protested that .it was .an angel of a dog, whereupon' ho supposed it,.was now dreaming- of paradise. Listen. . And then there wore audible snores in- the silence, and everybody laughed;1 and Glory screamed. "I declare on-my honor, my dear,"- said Drake, with a mischievous look at John,~"tho creature is uglier than tbe beast tbat .did the business on the day we eloped." • i "Eloped !" cried-'Rosa and Lord Robert together. . •• • " Why, did you_never hear that Glory eloped with me?" " _ . Glory was trying to drown his voice with hollow laughter, v She Was 7 and I was 6J, and shehad-pro posed to me in theorchard the day before." "Anybody have more tea? No? Some Sally,: Lun, perhaps ?' and then, more laugh ter. | . " Hold your tongue, Glory. Nobody wants i your tea. Let us nearthe story," said Rosa. • i " VVhy, yes, , certainly,", said Lord Robert,, i and everybody laughed again., . " She was all. for travel and triumphal pro cessions in those days .. . . ." - \- Glory stopped her ears and began to sing, "Willy, Willy. Wilkin, kissed the maid amilkin', Fa, la, la." ■: : "There were so many things people could do if they wouldn't waste: so much time working ... ." • " Willy, Willy Wilkin; kissed the maid "Glory, if you don't be quiet we'll turn yon out," and Rosa gotup and flourished her proofs. ■ . ■■■?■■ "I had brought mypug, and when I called her a v; . 7. . - - " But Glory had leapt to her feet, and fled from the room. - Drake had leapt up also, and now patting, his back against the door :he raised his voice and went on " with his story. - - - ■ "Somebody saved'us, though, and she lay in his .frms arid kissed him all the way-home again.'' . Glory was strumming on the door and sing ing to drown his voice. When the story was ended, and she was allowed to come back, she was panting and gasping with laughter, but there were tears in her. e\res for all that, and Lord'Robert was saying, "with a sidelong look -towards John Storm, "Really, this ought to bo a scene in. the new Sigurdsen, don't you know!" ,r John had retired within-himself during this rionBense. Ho had : been feeling an intense hatred ofthefcwomen, and was looking as gloomy as deep water. v " All acting, sheer aoting," he thought, and then: he told himself that Glory -was -only: worthy^ of - his contempt. • - What could attract her in the society Of such men ? Only.their wealth, their, social station. / Their intellectual and moral atmosphere must weary arid revolt her. : v - V» ■ v v/ : Rosa had to go to her newspaper ; office " "arid Drake saw her;to the door.: John rose at the same time, and Glory said—" Going already ?" but she did not try to detain him. She would see him again; she hadmuch to say' to him. "I suppose you were surprised/to hear that I' had ^returned to/London ?,"<she said,' .looking up at his kriitted brows. •' '/ : '; He - did not; answer immediately, and Lord Roherfc, who was leaning against .the chimney piece;'' said in his cold' drawl-r^"Your friend ought tobeliappythat you have returned;to London, seems to me,,.my dear,:': instead''of "watting your life.iri that wilderness;" " '■ ' John, drew himself up.' His pride ; was wounded; by the light tone of the man's familiarity." ''It's not LohdonT object to," lie said. "That was inevitable, I dare say." ./ What then V" • • " The profession slie • lias come back- to follow." .. • " . ' . ; "Why, what's amiss"with the profession?" said Lord Robert, and Drake, who. returned to the room at the moment,, said, "Yes; what's amiss with it? Some of the best .men in the world have belonged to it,I think.* ■ "Tell me the name of bne of them since the world.began who ever lived an active Chris tian life." Lord Robert made a kink of laughter, and i turning, to the window began to play a tune t with his finger tips on the glass of a pane. Drake -struggled ,to keep a straight face and answered, . "That is not their role, sir." ■ • ; . "Very well, if that's too much to ask, tell me how many of them have done anything in real life, any thing.for the world,Tor humanity, any thing whatever; I don't care what it is." . "You ;ara unreasonable, sir,"- said Drake, "and such objections could as properly apply to the professious of thopainter aud the musi cian. Theso-are the children of joy. . - Their first function is to amuse. ; And surely amuse ment has its place in real life, as you say." "On the contrary," said John, following his own- thought, for he had not listened; ".'howinany of them'have liyed lives of reck less abandonment, self- indulgence, aud even scandalous license?" ..-.-■■■.> ... ' "Tliose are abuses that; apply , equally to other professions,- sir. Even the church is not, free from them. Rut in the view.of reasonable beingB one; clergyman ,,of' evil-life, - nay,, one '-hundred,-would, not make the profession of the clergy bad." ■ "A pro ession," said John,: " which appeals above ail to the senses, and lives on the emo tions, and fosters jealousy and vanity and' backbiting, and. develops- duplicity aud exists on Jies, and does nothing to encourage self sacrifice, or to help suffering humanity is a bad profession and a sinful one." . , . • : "if a profession is siului," said .Drake, "in degree as it appeals to the seusps and. lives on the emotions and develops duplicity, then the profession of. the church is-the most sinful' in tuo-world, for it oilers the greatest temptations-: to lvmg, and produces. the worst hypocrites unci impostors."-.' ■ ( • , "That," said John, with eyes- flashing and passion-.vibrating, m I113 voice,. " that,.sir, is the great liar's everlasting lie—rand you know it!"' ■■■; Glory was between them with uplifted hands.: ' keaee, pence!■-, Blessed is. the peacemaker. But tea!'..Will nobody take more tea? Oh, dear I -Oh, dear! ...Why cau't we have tea over: again?''. ... . \- r' I know what jtou. mean, sir," said Drake. "You mean that i have brought Glory back to a life of clanger and.vanity and sloth and 'sensuality..- Vrfrv . well! I deny your defi nition ; but call it what you will, 1 have brought her back u> the only life bar talents are fit lor, < and if that's all. . .. ." • : ,i "Would you have done the same for youri own sister ?" : ,. "Rut how dare you-introduce my sister's i namn in this connection ?" , . "And how dare you resent it? What's good i for one wquian is good for another." , Glory was turning aside and Drake was i looking ashamed. "Of course—naturally—all I mcauc," he faltered, V if a girl has to earni her living,-whavever her talents, her genius—| that is one thing—but the upper classes, 1 mean I the leisured clashes——" . . : i ■ "Damn .tlie leisured classes, sir,", said I Johiv.nnd in the silence that followed the men | looked round, but Glory was gone from the room. • . .... Lord Robert, who had been whistling at tho window, said to Drako in a cynical undertone, "The man is hipped and sore. He has lost his challenge, and we ought to make allowance for him, don't you know.".. •- r . . . . Drake tried to iaugh..; "I'm willingtomake allowances,'' he said lightly; " but when a man | taiks to mo as if—as.if 1 meant to——". but the! light tone broke down, and lie faced round i upon John and burst out passionately. " What I right have you. to , talk to me-.like this? j What is there in my character, in my life, that justifies it?.: What woman'R honor have 1 betrayed? What, have 1.none that is un-. worthy of the character, of an English gentle man?1'-".: ' ' J oliiV took a-stride forward and came face to face: aud eye' to eye mth him. ■■■■■•'. Whab kave you done ?' he said. "You Lave used a woman ns }"our decoy to win your challenge as you say and you have struck me in the face with the knnrl nf' ittnmon T'Inuu Thnh'a wlto h rnn'rn hand: o|i the woman I love. That's what you've done, sir, and if it's worthy of the chari character of an English gentlemen, then God help Eng land."' ' ' ■ • Drake put liis.haud to his head, and his flushed face turned pale. .'But Lord Robert Ure stepped forward and said, with a smile, " Well, and if you've lost your ohurch' sp much the better." You are*: only an outsider in: the ecclesiastical stud, any way.' Who wants you ? Your rector doesn't .want you. ' Your bishop: doesn't want you. Nobody wants you, if you ask me." ■ " "I don't ask you, Lord Robert," said John, " but there's somebody-who does- want me for all that. Shall I toll you who it is? It's the poor and helpless girl: who has been deceived by the base and" sellish man and then left to fightthe battle of lifo alone, or to die by suicide, and go shuddering down to boll. That's who! ■wants me, sir, and, God willing, I mean to j stand by her." . . I " Dammy, sir, if you mean me, let me tell you | what you are," said Lord Robert Screwingup his: eyeglass. - " You, " shaking-his head right and-! left, " youfare a man who takes, delicately-nur-.! tured ladies out of sheltered homes 'and sends. the-holes and hovels in :search of- abandoned women and their misbegotten children; Why," turning to Drake, " what do you think has happened ? My wife has fallen under this gentleman's influence, the,poor simpleton, and pot one hour before I left my house she brought h omW-a child3which'. he *h id'gi^efi ^Ei eFto tkdbjflbZ Thinlc:6FIt^^0utrpf*'the";8haSnbles 'oi^Sohbfv andGddi3mbwswhose- bratand:bastardf!'''r>>?r 4 The words-were--hardly-1 out ..of3 the 'man's-' mouth when John- Storm had taken him. by,. both shoulders. "God does know," he said,. "and eo do I. Shall I tell you whose child ■ that is? Shall I? It's yours!'.' I The man saw it coming and turned white as a ghost.- " Yours, and your wife has taken | up the burden of your sin and shame, for she's a good woman, and you are not fit to i live on the earth she walks upon.'.' r Ho left the two men speechless and went ! heavily down the stairs. ' Glory was waiting for him at the door. - Her. eyes were glistening after recent tears. ■■■-. . . "You will come no more," she said. She could read him like a book. "I can see that you intend to come no mere." t He did not deny it, and after a moment she opened the door: and he passed"out with' a look of utter weariness Then she went back to her room ,and flung, herself on the bed. face downwards, y. " " : : ■ The men-in the drawing-room- were begin ning to recover themselves. Lord Robert was humming a tune; 'Drake was pacing to and fro. ' • • •; - . " Buying up his church to make, a theatre for Glory was the very refinement of cruelty," said Drake. " Good "heavens, what possessed me?" - ■ ' ."Original sin, dear boy," said Lord' Robert with a curl of ,the lip. ■ "A bad plagiarism, you'mean," said Drake bitterly. . " Very well 1 If I helped you , to do it, shall I help you to give it up ? Withdraw the prospectus and return the deposits on shares-7-the ; dear . archdeacon's among 'the rest." ■ • ;■ •• ' Drake took up his hat and left the house. Lord Robert;- followed him presently; Then the drawing-room was empty; ana the. hollow sound of'sobbing came" down to it from the bedroom above. : _ Rather Storm said .prayers in church that night with a hard and absent heart. A ter rible impulse of hate had taken hold of him.". He hated Drake, he hated Glory,: he hated himself most of all, and felt as if seven devils had taken possession of him, and he was a. hypocrite and might fall, dead'at the altar. . ■ , •.. ■ "But what a fate the Almighty has saved me from!" he thought. Glory would have been a drag on his work for life.He must forget her.' She was only worthy of his contempt. Yet be could not help but remember how beau tiful: she had; looked in her mourning, dress arid with that pure pale face and its signs of suffering 1 ; Or how charming she had seemed to him even in the midst of all that deception 1 Or bow she had held him'aS by a spell ! ; ■ Coming home he. came upon a group of men in the court. One of them planted /himself full in front and.- said . with . an -insolent swagger, " Me and my mites thinks there's too many parsons abart 'ere—what do you think, sir?"' . "I think there are more gamblers and thieves, my lad," he 'answered, and at the next instant the' man had struck him in the face. ;He closed with'the ruffian, grappled him by the throat, and flung him on his back. One moment he held./ him- there, writhing and gasping; then he said—" Get up' and get off, and let me see. no more of you." " No, sir, not this time,"- said a voice above his back. - The crowd had melted away, and a policeman- stood beside them. f. "I've . been waiting- for. this one for weeks,' father," he said, and he marched the man to gaol. • lb was Charlie-Wilkes; At the trial of Mrs. Jupe that -morning,-.-Aggie.- being a witness, had • been required to mention ; his name. It was al] in the evening-paperB, and he had been dismissed from his - timekeeping at '.the foundry. ' • , (To be continued.) 