CORRESPONDENCE. CARDINAL MORAN'S CANDIDATURE. TO TIE EDITOR. SIR,-"Patriot" need have no fear of the Fenians-if. since the death of the much lamented Kiama ghost and Sir Henry Parkes, there be any l.enians in New South Wales-he is too good an ally for them to injure a single hair of his head. I would most assuredly, however, advise "Patriot" to beware of "his friends"-the gang of political anti-Moranite persons, and the per sons whom the Bulletin so happily lampoons under the title of the "Yellow Pup Party." "Patriot" has so strongly demonstrated the weakness of the opposition to Cardinal Moran's candidature that any danger to his orange-coloured skin is certain to come from his own side. If I had the misfortune to belong to "Pafriot's" bigoted clique I would feel inclined to kick that foolish crank for rushing into print to so clearly demon strate the nakedness of the anti-Moranite case. As it is, I give "Patriot" every en couragement to go on writing; every day "Patriot" is assisting to increase and con solidate the vote that will be cast for Cardinal Moran on Thursday next. In my former communication I-in the plenitude of my Christian charity-attributed " Patriot's" ignorance and density of mind to his brain being saturated with bad whisky. Since reading "Patriot's " reply in this morning's Berald I have come to the conclu sion that no brand of whisky, however bad, could have any such effect on the dense tissuo filling "Patriot's" skull. I therefore bog leave to apologise-to the bad whisky for having inadvertently libelled it. Your new correspondent, Davidson from Dubbo, almost equals "Patriot" in the extent of his historical knowledge and in his free use of hypocritical cant expressed in bad English. " Cardinal Moran,' writes this Rip Van Winkle from Dubbo, " is neither more nor less than an august stopping stone which Pope Pins is using." Pope Pius IX of immortal memory has beon dead and buried these 20 years and the news has not yet reached Davidson of Dubbo!! bhades of Parkes and the Publio School Acts, cast your optics on Dubbo!! 'Ihis Dubbo man's cant about "Peace and goodwill to wards men" snd "Love ye one another as I have loved you " would indicate that Davidson of Dubbo is entirely ignorant of the commonest historical deeds of the last half of this century. Has Davidson over heard of the American Civil war in which the self-styled followers of the peaceful and meek Jesuskilled a million of their follow Christians, or of the France-German war with its hundreds of thousands of killed and maimed, and all in the name of the Prince of Peace? The illustrious Mr. Punch hit off these canting hypocrites in his famous translation of the German Emperor's telo gram to the Empress Augusta : " I write good news, my dear Augusta, I've given the French another buster ; Praise God, from whom all blessings flow, Ten thousand Frenchmen sent below." Dubbo Davidson's Scriptural quotations, as applied to Cardinal Moran's candidature,. are as charitable and as Christlike as was the Emperor's telegram. I am told, however, that the devil can quote Scripture better than the best trained parson, and it would appear that these eoriptural quotations form part of the "devil's weapons" the political parsons agreed to make use of in their anti-Moranite campaign.-I am, &e.;, AN AUSTRALIAN DEMOCRAT. 