NOVEL. Judicial Error. By Marian Manyille Pope. CHAPTER XVIII.— (CONTOTOED.) Mrs. Newal was weeping softly behind her handkerchief. The minister's face was like a star, so white, so shiniug in the darkness. He was looking earnestly at the doctor. . trying to oatoh his oye. He seemed to care more about him than about the jury, whose deoiBion had just been rendered. At last the doctor, catching the minister's appealing eye, rose snddenly and went over to him. Mr. Baxter stood up to meet him, -and said something to him. Dr. Matheson bowed, and then, moved apparently by a sudden impulse, extended his hand and grasped the minister's warmly, as if in gratitude and encouragement. Bitting back a few rows, Waldruff Bowman exclaimed in a low voioe, as if regardless of the distance between himself and the doctor, whom he addressed, 4 There ! What did I tell you i Didn't I say it was the angel's innings next?' CHAPTER XIX. This extraordinary scene had riveted the attention of every being in the court- room, from the judge to the >aat important in dividual there. Even the judge waited with the rest for that something whioh everyone felt was coming next. The doctor stood beside the prisoner for a moment, and then, at a gesture from him, sat down in a chair he had vacated and fixed his eyes upon 'Catherine Newal. There was a telegraphic signal in his glance, for its intelligence thrilled her, and her bosom rose and foil tumultuously with qniokened breath. And then, deep and full and" sonorous, not in those husky, rasping tones with whioh be had given his testimony, but in the wonder fully musical voico with which tho pulpit orator had moved bis hearers to laughter or to tears in bygone days, the minister Bpoke. 4 Mea culpa.' The Btillness could not have been greater -in that crowded court-room if it had been given over to the silence and darkness of the imidnight bours when no human soul lived in it. Outside, the night- wind drew a long deep sigh under the eaves. 'There eomes a time in the life of every man,'; the minister said, Innocent or guilty, when for some cause, known only to himself perhaps, he stands in spirit before the bar of justice. This bar may be only his own con science, or it may he such a court as this. I have stood before the bar of my own con science: I have sentenced myself there. I have stood in this court of justice, I have heard the verdict, and 1 am ready for the sentence. But I stand now also in the sight ot that Supreme Judge from whose decisions there can be no appeal. He has condemned me, as the judge of this court will presently in justice condemn me. The finding of the jury was right. How right, not even they are yet aware, though I will presently make it clear. But their finding was also wrong : they have returned , the wrong verdiot against me. They should have found me' — ho paused, as if to lay greater stress upon the words for whioh the -room was listening in aoonflictof hope and despair — 4 they should have found me guilty of murder in first degree.' A shudder of horror and pity went through the room like a breath. The broker, who had been leaning eagerly forward, now sat stolidly back, erossed one knee over the other, and mut tered under' his breath, 4 By George !' He was unaffectedly astonished and disap pointed. ' There has been a soul from the pit in your midst for a year and a half. Oh,' — the minister's voioe broke with his emotion, — if I could only bare that soul before you, if I oould only show you its travail, if I could lay it and its misery, its agony, its remorse, before the world for all men to look at, there would never be another crime oom- ' mitted from now until the day of judgiffentr"'My temptation was too great, hnt before that my pride was too great, and was the devil of that pride that ruined me. I was a minister of God : I knew my powers: . I knew the need of the Church. I despised the paultriness of my little inheritance. I wanted to make it more. I speculated ; I won. I staked again ; I lost. I had nothing to pay my debt. My notes fell due : they were renewed. They again fell due : they were about to go to protest. That meant that they would be made public. It was then, upon the evening of the 3rd of May, that I asked Mr. Atterly for aid. He was stern and inflexible, with rigid ideas of what a minister should do, and he abhorred specula tion in any shape. He said it wan gambling and he could not make himself responsible for my gambling debts. He Raid I was an unfit person to be a trustee for his gift to the ohuroh. He would change his wiU the next day. Every word he said hurt and stung, but I give you my word, solemnly as if it were my last, I never thought of . harming that good old man. I was coming away, when Caleb Newal oame. I went back, fearing to leave him alone with Mr. Atterly, who was heated with his talk with me. I feared he would divulge the seoret of my debt, that must so soon be known, and I still had the hope of Mr. Sawyer's returning before my note fell due. I felt that he might help me. I stayed until Caleb oame away, and I oame away with him. The old man seemed very fond of him, perhaps un usually so, contrasting his uprightness with whtjtt. he had called my want of principle. My' God, how right he was !' For a moment he bowed his face in his hands, and his body shook with two or three dry sobs. Then he went on rapidly, hurriedly, as he had spoken before, in short, quick sentences, sketching the scene he described. 4 1 had been interested in mesmerism; I had developed the power the witness from . my old home described. I had tried it upon Caleb Newal at his request, for he ,was inter ested in it. .We had not spoken of it even to Dr. Matheson, for I did not wish any one else to know I possessed it. I considered it a species of black art, whioh a man of God should not practice. But 1 was willing to teaoh Caleb what I knew, thinking it might be useful to him. That night as we oame awayT thought sadly, not angrily, 'If Caleb had asked him for the loan he would have given it. The thought suggested another to me. Why not place Caleb under the in fluence, and get him to borrow the money for me ? It was dangerous, but I was des perate. Afterwards, if ocoasion demanded, I would explain to Caleb. He would for give me, and I would pay him out of my salary. But, whether in my haste and ex citement I failed to use my power as I should or from whatever cause it may have been, Caleb, did not respond to it as usual. He became simply unoonsoious, and lay like a log upon she garden bench wnere I had placed liim. I was alarmed. I was panio- striokeu. But here another thought sug gested itself. Put on Caleb's hat and ooat, imitate his voice, — onr voioes were said to be alike, — and ask in his name. I stripped the coat off my unconscious friend ; I put on his hat. I went back in a tremor of nervous dread and fright. I stood in the shadow of the thick reading-shade upon the lamp whioh shone brightly upon the table, and I asked Mr. Atterly. Perhaps the repetition of the request, perhaps my manner, perhaps my voice, aroused his suspicion. He said, 4 Caleb, that doeB not sound like you,' and he suddenly lifted the green shade. The light fell full upon my face. He looked at me with a look of deadly aversion. 4 So,' said he, 4 you are an impoBter as well aB a gambler? You are not a fit person to be a Christian minister : I shall expose you.' A demon rose suddenly within me. My temper had been violent ' as a youth, but I had not an outburst for many years. This demon within me lifted my hObd : I struok him. The look of contempt and aversion upon the old man's faoe changed to one of fear. The sight of his fear maddened me. I seized the heavy-headed stick that stood beside his desk, and struok him fiercely. He threw up his bauds. I struck them down. He tottered and fell, striking his head heavily against the corner of the desk as he did so. I believe that blow killed him, but I am none the Icbb his slayer. At the side of the prostrate figure I seemed to come to myself again. I knelt beside him : I oalled him ; he did not answer. Then I ran out into the darkness, where Caleb was lying 1 upon the'benoh. I stripped off my eoat and thrust it upon him. I took the hat from my head and pressed it upon his And then, maddened by the memory of that old white-haired man upon the floor inside, I ran baok again. My hand was upon the bell-rope to call assistance, but I bethought myself in time. I knelt beside him. I lifted his bleeding head in my hands. The wound upon the temple was so big, so in dented, I dared not think he still lived. I dared not think he was dead. I rushed out into the darkness again. My God ! my God! what darkness have I not groped through since !' He flung up Ms hands over his head, and lifted his haggard face, as if beseeching pity from a visible God who sat enthroned some where in the spaoe above him. 4 1 made those passes before Caleb's faoe whioh had Mtherto restored him to conscious ness. Like my effort to place him under control before, these attempts were only partially successful. I seized him by the arm and dragged him down the road towards the bridge. He must have stood where I had left him a long wMle, for -I ran an Cain ran. I made my hasty call upon the Broadben+s. Then I ran oat into the night again, up the canal, stumbling along the east shore. I heard mule bells along the tow-path on the other side. I flung myself in the grass until 'hey passed. I heard the boy singing, as he ran beside the mules and I envied him bis light heart. What should! do? what should Ido p Bnt as I stumbled along in the dark, after they had passed, I came upon a little fiat- boat half drawn np on the bank. There was a piece of wood beside it. I poshed the- boat off and paddled over. There I set it adrift, and, walking baok towards the bridge, I met the canal -boat with the captain ! knew. I hailed Mm. 1 wanted some one to know I was on that side of the- oanal. He told me the bridge-tender had jnst told him Mr. Atterly had been murdered. Then I went to the Manor. I had no peaoe because of Caleb. What was Ms state P When I saw Mm, his ooat was blood- stained. They were questioning him,— my God ! Again my pride arose : the devil whispered in my ear, 4 Be silent. Yon are not suspected. What would it be to the Chnroh if your name should be heard in oonneotion with this night's workP' I said a few words, and rushed away out in the night again. I ran miles and miles that night. I think I was mad. I know I lifted my forehead to my God, branded as it was with the curse of Cain, and entreated my Creator to strike me dead with a bolt of his wrath, to plunge me into the bottomless pit, to fling me into the lake of fire and brimstone. The tongues of the eternal flames would Lave been sweet and oool upon my forehead oompared to the torment and agony of the thoughts within. Bnt I was not to die. Death was for saints, not for sinners. My punishment had begun, but my work was not yet finished. I had to live. I had to endnre. I had to witness the agony of that mother and those sisters when the innocent man was imprisoned, tried, condemned, exeonted for my orime. I re nounced my hope of heaven here when I. oame out of Caleb Newal's laboratory that night and left Mm in that blood-stained ooat with the marks ,of my gripping fingers on the sleeve,— left Mm, and those dear to Mm and me, without a word. No one but my self knows what I renounced that night. I saw my hope of heaven here, and my hope of heaven hereafter, go down into the bottom less pit of my awful crime. The day he died for me, as Christ died for other- sinners, I died a thousand deaths. . And not one. — I swear to my hope of forgiveness in some coming age, when my soul has been purged by an eternity of suffering whioh I would, oh, so gladly snbmit to ! — not onoe was' I deterred from speaking, from confessing my guilt, by fear of the consequences to me. There is no punishment the law can condemn my physical frame to endure, or human hands can infliot upon me, so terrible as the pnnishment I daily and nightly and hourly endure in my remorse and repentance. 4 1 have flnng myself into my Master's work since then. I, the wicked, blood stained murderer, have tried to atone as I oould. Judge ye, among whom that work has been done, if it has 'not been done with a whole heart. I have prayed beside the dying, I have comforted tbe unhappy, I have spoken to the suffering and sinfnl, better,, perhaps, because the key to all human misery was resting in my own heart's blood. But, oh, how hnmble has been my pride ! How weak and lit'le and puny has been my strength ! How small my offering of atone ment in proportion to my orirae !' He ceased speaking, overcome by his agony, and oast his pitiful woe-begone eyes about him. His face was ghastly in the lamp-light ; his breath oame convulsively. Dr. Matheson, watohing every move with keen professional attention, took a little phial from his pocket and shook from it two or three flat white tablets. He handed one silently to the suffering man, who accepted it as silently and lifted his hand to his month. Great drops of perspirhtion stood upon Ms forehead, and there was a drawn look of acute physical suffering mingled, with his mental anguish that was distressing to behold. 4 1 have been,' he oontinued, the wonder ful voioe wMoh had swept his hearers along by the pathos of its inflections ringing clear yet, but a little weaker, 4 1 have been like the oriminal of old who was ohained to the putrid and festering corpse from whioh there was no release except by death. The stench of it has been in my nostrils, the weight of it has lain upon my shoulders. Nothing but my pride in my oalliag has sealed my lips. It would have been easier to speak than to remain silent, easier to die than to live, but I owed a duty to my Ohuroh. My Obnreh, the Bride of Christ Jesus, should not be held accountable for my sin. And oh, now, when for the last time I lift my voice in appeal to the human heart, I beg yon, as I would not beg for mercy for myself , be merciful to the oause I have so pitifully dishonored. Do not visit my disgrace upon the Ohuroh. A man in orders is only a man, only human, and the strength whioh should be his from above may not equal the power of his own weakness. It is paradoxical, hut true, that a man's weakness may be stronger than his strength. Woe to Mm, then, when his temptation becomes greater than his resist ance! Bnt that is not the faille of the Ohnroh. It is a help and a safeguard, bnt not a guarantee, to its ministers or members. Judge my sin, then, apaTt from my pro fession. Separate all the good I have done from all the bad; lay the good upon the altar and the bad npon my grave. Do not chain my memory to the Church, like a rotting caro»ss from whioh every one would shrink away. Let the work go on. What ever my hands have done that has been good, do not. do not, as you hope for mercy, .oast out! Take np the work : carry it -on bravely : let my orime stand, as did the gibbet npon the cross-roads in olden times with its Btake driven through the murderer's heart, a warning to every passer-by that little crimes lead to greater oneB, little lies involve higher, debt may lead to murder,' and even a man who meant as well as I did may fall from grace as I| fell, if he la not constantly mindful of the road he takes: One little step in the wrong path opens the way to dishonor, and it may be the begin ning of the road to hell. Oh, if Iooold undo the past, if I could only hope,' — his voioe rose shrilly, and he stretched out hia hands entreatingly towards the Newals,— 4 if I oould hope that yon could forgive me, yon, whom I have so oruelly and bitterly wronged ; if I oonld restore the dead to life-—' The last sentence oame haltingly ; Ms eyes - closed, and the ont- stretohed arms fell to hia aide. He staggered a moment ; in that moment the dootor's strong arm was around hum The minister's right hand flattered feebly, then groped its way up and hid itself under Ms ooat over his heart. The doctor eased him down to the ohair and knelt beside Mm. 4 Listen, he said, in a low bat intense voioe. 'Listen; try to hear me.' He plaoed his lips close to the dulling ear and whispered two or three words. So intense was his desire to com municate this tidings, of whatever nature, to the man in his arms that he plaoed one hand over the right hand under the ooat and shock it slightly. The minister's head was against his shonlder : again he whispered his message. The eyelids flattered; the eyes opened for an instant, and the whole body thrilled as if electrified. He tried to stagger to his feet,- with his faoe fall of wonder and happiness, the radiance of an expression whose like no eye there had ever seen npon a human face before; And, turning thus as if to repeat this message to the world, with the joy and wonder ot it on his oonntenanoe, his bead fell backward npon the dootor's shonl der, the olinohed right hand relaxed and slipped out to clasp feebly with the left, and both lay quietly folding the dead young mother's pioture over the still heart. CHAPTER XX. Ontside the night was wild and gusty. In the belt of timber where the whippoorwill sang in the past the wind whined and ho wled as though ghosts of the old pack were abroad, and dead leaves rustled and whirled as if sent flying by their scurrying feet. Somewhere ahead the wraith of the red fox might be running, the red fox whose descendants had been taught to fear the trap and gun more than the yelping paok. And this wild, night put its dark bands against the Bash and shook tho oonrt-honse windows until they rattled again. The dark ness pressed thick and blaok against the panes and peered into the court-room, where .latnpB smoked and flickered in little ourrents of air rushing in through shrunken oass- ments. Tim litter of books and legal docu ments upon one of the long tables had been pushed aside, and upon this the prisoner lay with his white faoe gleaming in the lamp light and his hands still in the position in whioh they had been plaoed by his- last oon- soious effort. Two or three physioians straggled out of the crowd, and with Dr. Matheson made a brief examination of that figure stretched out so qniotly among- the papers tbat had been evidence against it. The throng of the semi- lighted rear of the room remained spellbound in its cramped and wearisome positions,- unoonsoious of itB own discomforts in the absorbing interest of the soene before it. Many people had wept at the minister's recital, ana now and - then a sob here and there in the orowd, or a ln8) quivering sigh, testified that some tender-hearted member of the ohnroh over which, he had. presided still grieved for its fallen idol. Presently Dr. Matheson, who had laid his fingers gently upon the wrists of the , man he had lifted to the table, said, solemnly, — 4 Yonr honor, the prisoner qt the bar has indeed passed before that Higher Tribunal of whioh he spoke.- He is dead. I believe, '— and -the dootor turned to inolude the room as he continued, 4 1 believe that he died happy heoanse |of my message to him. I have this same message to deliver to you, for 1 believe that your rejoicing will be only second to that of the suffering sonl that has jnst passed among us. 4 It is a long story, bnt it supplements and completes the one proceeding it. It clears the mysteries that have for so long a time made , the Manor and Mystery synonymous words. I must go baok to the day of tue execution of Caleb Newal, and in so doing it will not be' necessary for me to repeat what I have so often repeated to many of yon as individuals, and to all of you in this oourt- room, about my confidence- in the innooenoe of my friend. I have established that in nooenoe. I have fulfilled the vow I mads npon his scaffold to olear Ms name of every stain upon it. But I have now to relate to you a story stranger than any yon have list ened to here. . 4 It will be remembered my many of yon that after the execution I myself oonveyed the body of my friend to the Manor. With the aid of onr own servants we oarried that body into the home that had been Ms, where his heart-broken mother and sisters were ' waiting in an agony whose like it is impos- possible to imagine. We plaoed the coffin in that home of suffering, and I removod the lid. The blaok oapwas still over his faoe: I left it so. That discoloured oonntenanoe could not be seen by those who loved it. They eonld only have the cold and barren comfort of touching those poor hands which - I had unbound from behind his hack previous to laying him in the ooffin. (To bb OoMasmran.) Brass stair-rods should be cleaned with ol" and wMting, and polished with a dry line rag. 