St. George's Church. INSTITUTION OF THE NEW RECTOR. There was a good congregation at St. Lumsdon as rector of that Church. Amongst those presents were His Lordship, the Bishop Crawford), the Beva, Ctoon Swnwelt H; A. Brooksbank, W. G. Marsh, and F. :.The*offioe of ewnsoog was aung by tiie Rev. A. E. Cbta^ oorato ofSt: jgwngrt, f haphmIaS^1 tha Aiinhaaaeoni and aocom* paniedl^tle ahim&wariens; presented to the Bishop, who «u sitting within the altar rallv the wotor- eleofc, and said:— 'Right reverend father in God, I present you theater, John Lumrfon, and certify that he^liasiieen lawfully presented to the cure of -ttdt ooofirewtloa and pariah, and praytfatf having Ireea doljr admitted thereto andIIaeiM|dheJmay benow Instltntea into the «ame*- Mtt^Slahop'arecjuBrt the form Lewis) presented the key of the Church to the new rector, with the words :— 'In the nameaadori behalf of StGteorge'sChureblldo reoeive and acknowledge you, the Rev. John Lomidoa, as priest and incumbent of the ?ante, and in token thereof give onto you hands. thejtey of thUChoroh.' Then the new rector said :-—« I. John Iiinwfaa, reoelve this key of the HonH of God *t your hands as the pledge of my Initiation, and Imay'Wafdthfalshephard over von. la the suite of theFstheri and of the Sob, and Of theJfoly Ghost. Amen.' After prayers the BMiop received the teotor within the rails of tfit «Itu and presented him the Bible and Book of Common Prayer saying i— 'Beceiya these books, and let them be the tale of thy conduct in dispensing the Divine Word, in . leading the devotions of the toeople, and in rightly add |duly administer* ing the Holy Sacraments. And be thon In Slltblngs a pattern to the flock ? committed to thy bare.' After farther tirayen the hymn 'Lord, pour Thy spirit from on high M was song. The Rev. Canon Samwell preaohed the sermon/ taking as his text the words: — 'Let* man so aooount of us as of the ministers «i Ohriflt and stewards of the mysteries of God. Moreover, It is required In stewards that a man be found faithful.' —I, Corinthians, Iv, 1 and 2. The rev. gentleman observed that the occasion was a very solemn' one, and to far as the parish of St George** was ooncerned had no precedent. Many of those present probably witnessed there for the first time the oeremony of Instituting a clergyman to the care of souls. They bad observed how by symbol and token the oharge and authority had been publicly committed to the keeping of the new rector; and they would all agree that that was the most fitting mannerin whloh the relationship between priest and people oonld be ushered in. When the great apostle penned the words of the text hja mind was disturbed by the unlovely spirit of faction which thus early was manifesting itself in the Ohnroh of Corinth. It was split up into parties, and In consequence a low, worldly view of the ministry prevailed. There existed that wretched habit of comparing one minister with another, and of following the one who pleased them most, whether he was appointed over them or not. Eaoh began to reckon himself, .a member of the party of the apostle whose teaching he moat admired. This serious error St. Paul set himself to correct when he wrote the passage in which the words of the text were found. At that time the province of Aohala, of whloh Corinth was the principal dty, was, like our own colony, a democratic state, and while it had the advantages of holding public meetings with unrestricted liberty it bad the Sailings to which a democracy was distinctly liable. It was easily split up into factions, and rings, and cliques. The apostle told them that this conduct was a proof that they were still carnal and walking as men, and went on to speak of the office and authority which was committed to the apostles and ministers in Christ's Church, and to «bow that it was not their talent or eloquence or spiritual gifts! which were efficacious but the spirit of Christ working by them and with them. There were two words employed to denote the office of the clergy— minutersand stewards. ?'Ministers' came from a word which meant 'a rower in a galley who takes the time from an officer appointed to give It, and receives his order from! the captain of the ship.' Ministers were rowers in the Church galley under the command of Christ the Captain of our Salvation who gave them his orders by his voice or by signs. It was to him that the clergy were responsible for the due discharge of their functions. Regarded strictly the clergy were not ministers of the congregation, and it was not their fust dnty to try and please the people. They were the ministers of Christ and even, as sometimes happened, when the divine troth pro claimed was not palatable to the people, still at any cost it must be delivered, and like the apostle of old they must count it a very, small thing indeed that they should be judged of man's judgment, for he that jadgera them was the Lord. In those many matters which were not essential the wise clergyman would, of oourse, deal gently with the prejudice* of those committed to his oharge, he would not lord it over them. Though he must speak the troth In his dealings with them he would speak in love. He would lead rather than push. Still it must .never be forgotten that the essential note of a faithful parish priest was not popularity with men hut obedience to Christ, not. to try so to act that all men would speak well of him, but to take care that be shunned not to declare the counsel of God. Then ministers were stewards. A steward was only a dispenser of another person's stores, so., or a manager of his estate. The owner here was Jesus Christ and the estate his Catholic Church. The clergy were the ameers appointed ay mm so as aw re-prateo* tatives. It was dear that an external appointment was necessary ; that a steward should be able to produce hb- credentials. The clergy were stewards of the mysteries of God. They administered the two great sacraments of the gospel. It was their privilege to declare with authority God's parddta to the penitent, to instruct yonng and old in the knowledge of God's word, to apeak the truth as it was in Jesus, to preach —not themselves, their own theories, fads, or fancies— bat the truth once for all delivered unto the saints and enshrined in the Chris* tian weeds. He begged of them to en* courage their rector to whom had been committed that night the care of thdr souls. Though the dergy brought Christ's message to them, though they betowed Christ's gifts, they, the olergy, were but human, Bome of them very human. As human beings they needed sympathy. When the great day of the revealing dawned he believed that ,#t would to i discovered with great artoajahmeat that many priests had failed in some measure of their high purpose, beoause the lay people bad looked on unmoved, unresponsive, indifferontj,-nd had murdered the noble aspirations and. bane. fiosntSlatentions by which at the outset of vneir ministry sney were aoraacea. now readily, were some members of the church tMUied to complain among themselves if they iMKi^d they detected » lack of energy or a seeming want of interest on the part of their clergyman. Yet how feeble was their response when he devise) means for their good ; when he increased their opportunities, it might fe for publio worship, how readily they stayed away. There were many who were always ready to criticise his sennone,« Imt who never thought of going on thdr knees and In a sincere hearty spirit asking the great giver of all geod gifts to strengthen their parish priest for Ma '^flloa. 'The tev. gentleman ooncladed as follows :— ' Standing here to-night I osn. sot forget toe occasion when last I was in this ohuroh, nor will those who were present tbra N HJnly to forget that memorable scene. ItwAiwK^ithliiiobWiran&gTrss; solemnly oanseerated to file service «f God. Add one .*?* £**?»- ?*-*?? *» whom this sefriee 'was so Suddenly aftd 1 wlil say io mercifully cu\\*Ihort--4itol a shadow thron ?oftiyand lightly iron ft passing olood death, fell upon him— was then present in the .bodv. -as he maV -even from his real: In Paradise behold - now engaged In this sotann act. ' : It eaiuet be expected, In the very nature of things that so long * term of service la 1^ pansh will ever be part of your exnorieneo again. ' The trend of opinion Indeed In these later days seems to be rather against very leogthypattofala in the colonial *J:iMt fT , T r~T*i w TT' *? 1- - * - ^*- ---- enproft. iSnC l wostsa tain nope, my Brotner, that Goa has masjy happ'y.^ears o'f service for yon here \ ana that you wOl find for some time to congf an ample ephere for the discharge of your priestly dutie8. And that there may go with you many workers whose hearts God has touted. It is a happy oir* 'loumsbnioe that you will lor a time have the assistance of one who has labored so wall in this parish, and especially at a trying period of transition. I-«harge yon to remember the solemn word]! Ih the oonotadmg part of my text. They^toly ebpedaUy to us upon whom the yokfe¥f CbAst has been fully plaped, It Is M^oired in stewards that a man be found— n«$ popular, not even iuooess ful as the ' worldf joounts euccess— but ft is required in stewards that a man be found faithfui, faithful to God, faithful to his charge. And finally, my prayer, dear brethren, for yon at thu linportant epoch of your parochial life is, 'May the Lord give strength onto IDs people }im«y he give this people the blessing of peaoo.' ' Mr. F. Warhurst presided at the organ, and the service was impressive tfaronghout.1 