A SISTER'S TREACHERY. T waf the day of the midsummer picnic at Ells. vllle. Ib wus a perfecb day i no one had been dieappoinbed 1 the girls were -prebty, the men gallant, and tho hampers 'were' known to eontuin the triumphB of the village house wives' culinary skill. Maude Berrien and . . her young sister Irma wore indisputably the most ' beautiful girls present, . Uuud 's uffiunced, Leigh Buymond, thought, with . reason. . He was" a happy man on this fair' day, for Maude had consented to set an early date for their marriage,- and he was . deeply in lbve.: Maude's-facs was radiant, her dark eyes sparkling with health and the joy of living, her gay spirits sotting tho keynote of the occasion. Pretty Irma was ;more quiet. Sho wns scarcely present on the footing of a young lady, for she was . burely 16, and small and shy for her age. . But there was the promise of a superb womanhood before Irma ; her hair was a burnished mass of gold threads ; her great lustrous oyos, full of unfathomable shadows, spoke of a deep, emotional nature ; her checks were like faint pink rose leaves, and tho exquisite lips soemed to tremble with their own richness of colour. She, too was especially happy, for Leigh had given her a spray from the bunch of flowers Maude wore at her breast. She loved ber eistor ' dearly, but did nab know why she felt so blissfully content when Leigh was near. She only know that he would be the dearest brother in tho world and thab no other man could equal him. No bittorness was mingled with her aweet, unconscious dreams of him, and the world glowed brightly before her. The long, happy day wherein the loves had danced and played among the village lads und lasses to the great flattering of simple hearts, was drawing to a close. The carriages woro ranged in liue,,groups were culling to each other, and basketa and \- bundles were pub in their places. Heavy clouds loomed' up in, the West, and the breeze had changed to -a -chill, ominous wind. "Has anyone seen , Irma -lately ? "-in quired Maude, 'looking -anxiously around. " And Mr. Raymond— whore is he 1 " asked someone. "I think they'have gone-up the bill," said. Ellu Waits. "Mr. Raymond wanted to' chow ue the cave.und natural gateway among' the -rocks. Irma urged.me to go, . but ib seemed too/laug and hard a climb, and I deolined. They said lkoy would be baok soon— long before ib? waa time to ;go, "N homo." " How unfortunate," said Maude. "Tho. clouds are-/ rolling up fast, and- now-we must wait for them. Pleoeo go up-tbat-wuy somebody, and call as loudly as you-con." ' 'Two young men immediately started for the hilli), and tlioir luety voices wore eoon heard in ringing shouts. No answer came, and impatiently the party waited, while the eky grow dark aud the wind swept -violently through tho troes, At length some of the older men declared the women and children musf; start for home, and if somebody would volunteer .to look for tho missing ones a a carriage oould be left for their- use. The two young men before-mentioned volun teered to make the search, and the train of carriages started homeward at a -rapid pace. Over- tbo Berrien -homestead-, a cloud of anxiety , brooded. The storm burst furiously bofore the picniokers were fairly sheltered, and a dark, rainy night settled down. Maude wandered from .room to room; her eyes heavy, the musoles other ; fuco working nervously. Mrs. Berrien sat ' noar tho wood firo built for her benefit, . -.weeping softly, while the father paced from window to window, stopping to gaze from '. ench'witli anxious looks and knitted brows. Ten, eleven, twelve o'oloek came, and still tho delinquents had not retttrnod. Mr. Berrien summoned hie man, and together they drovo away in the darkness and rain .to uid in the search. The storm had \- quiotod down to a dull, eteady rain, but the clouds were still heavy and low, making the (fight as dark ae a nighb can be. - in the gray morniog the searahere re turned, wot through, weary aud sorrowful. No trace, except a handkerchief of Irma'e picked up in the cave, could be found of bhe absent ones. Maude aroused horeelf to find -freshmen who would take up tho seareh, '.or her father and the others could do nothing more until refreshed and rested. Sho accomplished her purpose, and several more weary hours dragged along. She had ' ni slept or rested one moment, and still wandered despairingly from room to room. At two o'olock in theufternoon a carriage came swiftly up the driveway. Maude flew to the' stops and met her Bister as Bhe \- spring out, freBh, radiant, and smiling, as ' though she had just returned from a pleasure drive. With white, set features \- .Maudo grasped her wrist,. and. turned lier fu e so that she oould look Bteadily inbo'hor byes.;. . « Where have you' been t " she almost hissed. \ ' " -Why,- Maude I How strangely you loo)c qb.mo.l You are not angry lyi toll . you all about it, . Such an advonture ae we huvo had I I know you muse have been ' terribly anxious, bub you see I ab all righb . . ' 'HOW." \- - Leighj- chme up; the Bteps looking jreary and tto'ubliid. ' Without giving him uny . special greeting Muude led tho way into > the sitting-room. Irma kissed her mother und father ; the latter was looking at her very seriously, i "Seems to. mo you're all wonderfully solemn over my return in safety. I thought . you would be dolighted. We got lost, jMuud0|-dpn't you think I doming oub of the guvs we somehow wandered In the wrong direction, and you ought to havo .- eoon -Leigh's face when bo realised that ho didn't' actually know which wuy to go 1 \- AYo saw' that a storm was coming dp, and oh I how furiously he did tear through the . shrubbery, dragging me after him I Ho was j; almost angry with me, because I could net v.uwftlk fester, But it seems wo wore going \- down on tho wrong /si de of tho hill, and ; gotting deeper and deeper into tho woods. UfeWo; harried and panted, but reaohod no : famiHar place, and at lasb tho rain oamo. . .. .We were web through, and oh I bo tired ! ; - .XPotlr 'Leigh was mieorablo to think that lie bad brought me Into such a eorapo, ho said. iHutnt lasb wostruok an old overgrown rpnd und followod it, thinking it would lead .-; us out eotnowhero ; and whon it was bo dark wa.cauldn'b sod-our. hands before eur faces we etambled upon an old house. Wo found our way in. Leigh had matches in his caso and he broke up a box and a abair and soon hud u fire in the big fireplace of whut had been a sitting-room. I hardly know bow be maouged it, but he collected wood and kopb a blazing fire (ill night, and we got dry and watm. For the ruin kept falling, und ib was so pitchy dark that ib was no use to go out-again. Ab eoon ae ever it was daylight Leigh went to find some inhabited spot, and returned in two hours with a carriage. Wo wont to a fnrmliouso, where tho womun had a good wurin breakfast ready for us, and made me lio down and rest for balf-an- hoar while eho pressed out my rumpled gowii.' Then her eon drove us home in tho carriage, and here we aro, safe and sound, and awfully glud to'get homo." . Before Leigh could add a word of ex planation, Mnude said— "Irma stay hero und comforb poor mamma, who is very nervous over this, Please come into tho library, father— mid you, Leigh." When the three Btood opposito each other in bho dim room, Muude, looking ut them with deep, tragic eyes, said— " Leigh, you must marry Irma— not mo, Our dream is over for ever." "What do you moan, Maudo? Have you gone mad, child ? " " Fathor, tell him 1 ' Ycu know it must, be so. I havon'b strength to argue the matter, but no Berrien can bear disgrace. You have kept Irma away from her home all night long— alone— oh, it is terrible ! " Maude covered her face with Iter hands, and her slender form swuyod to and fro as though Bhe would fall. Leigh cuught her in his arms. "Maude, Maudo! I swear that Irma is " " Don't swoar to anything 1" Maude ex- claimod passionately, freeing herself from bis embrace. " The world will not listen to yonr vows— no ono asks to heur the whole .story. It is enough— there ie nothing more to.bo said. You must murry irma on tho day -you wore to have married me." Leigh- looked at her ae white ne a ehoet, ;his hands tightly grasping the chair before 'bim, as if to steady himself. " Supposo I refuse ? " a " You aro-an honourable man. You wilt net- refuse. You and I novor can marry in any ease." " Do - you regard this sacrifice as ;necessary, Mr. Berrieu ? " The fathor looked -grave, and terribly iworn andttroubled. " It ie an awful affair, Raymond. I do not-see any. other way out of it. Our wholo world i-knows by this time .what hao hap pened. I- cannot boar that sorrow and disgrace should fall on my little Irma. M-arry-ber, - and for God'B sake 'be kind to "her." " And you-, Muude ? vHow(.can you com-i mund mo to do this-thing 1 Do you not '.love me, then ? " " Love you ? Oh, Leigh, you can never know how dearly I have loved you 1 " eho cried, with'wild eyob. " But you ute mine no longer. You are Irma'e. I must bear, it — I will 1 Good-bye, Leigh. I cauiiot talk no more now." Leigh gazed at her passionately, sorrow fully, reproachfully. Ho claspsd'her in his .arms- andipresrod a long kiss upon hor lips ; then he turned and woutout of bha.rocm. " Go, fattier, and leave me alone. I can not have a word, said," Maude gasped ; end /.with, a look of the deepest. pity he lefb her. An- houcafterwarde iier mother found her -there, - lying upon the floor cold und. sense- ,less. She was carried/to her room and fondly.-nursed until sleep visijed her weury eyelids. A deep Blumber came ut last, from which she did nofwake until noon of 'the. next day. Never-did.a man more gravely propoee to a woman than did Leigh whon, a week ..later, he took Irma'e hand in his. own and -asked her if she thought/she could be happy with/Mm. " But you are-to be < Maude's husband ; why. do yon ask me- that ? " she said in sur prise. " Maude dees not want me. Will you "be .my wife f " "-Ie.it. possible you love me t " " You aro a dear, sweet little girl, and I havo aideepaffoation for. you." " But it will break Maude's heart. We must not hurt her." / " Maude will not marry me. Tell me, Irma, what your own heart says." Irmu's /-beautiful face flushed and paled, and her great-dark eyes grew mysterious und full of- Bmotional lights, " 1 have loved you from tho firsb time I saw you, but I thought it was only ob a sister. I will do anything you wish.". He kissed her then and said no more, The next morning ho wont uwny, not to returo until bhe day of the wedding. ' Maude did not leave ber room far several days. When she did she was so ohanged, eo wan, that Irma was frightened. Bhe tried to caresa her, as in the oldduys, but Maude would not permit it. "I have been ill, but I shall be well eoon. Now I am very nervous. Don't annoy me." Bo Irma wept alone. When she knew that she, nob Maude, was to marry. Leigh, she tric again to guin the old oonfideuce and sympathy of lier sister. "Are you grieving becauso ofLoigh, -dear Muude t If eo,1 though'it breaks my heart, I will give him up. I do not undor- etuud why he lovCs me instead of you,' or why you huvo ohanged to him. I love him dearer than my own life, but 1 ; will not come between you." " HubIi, obild 1 Never tulk.to me of tills again. You aro to marry Leigh Raymond, and that is all tiioro is to bo sulci," Irma shrunk before biio sot, stern faoe so unfamiliar to her, und said no more. She made a eweob, dangerously beauti ful bride. Hor faoe, in its. burnished frame glowed wlth-bhe radiaiico of same other world, and her grncofulform seemed in- stinot with love and happiness, Leigh mar velled as ho kissed the tender tremblingllps ab her beauty, aud wondered tliut ho lmd realised ib so little heretofore. Ho did not realise thab it wus tiie uwakening of hor woman's soul wliioli had so added to her loveliness. Muude witnessed the murrlage, . looking, in hor white robes, witli her snowy faoo, liko the ghost of some forgotten brido of long ago. But no word eecuped hor. Sho oven congratulated tho wodded pair, clasped their hands and kissed thoni with lips that wore as innrblo. Then they saw lier no more. Sho was not to bo found when Qioy set out on a brief wodding journey, and when they returned she had gone awuy " to visit relatives." It was eottled thab Irma and her husband should live with her parents for some yeare, at least. Irma was. too jfouqc, thoy said, to loave them for a house of her own, and sho had so lone been thoir pet and darling that they could nob spore her. Leigh Was easily induced to comply with their wishes ; he cured eo little now whub his future might be that he was ready to acquiesce in any plan tn whieh Maude did nob object. It wussevoral months before Maude oame home. Irma, more beautiful than ever in her new happiness— for sho had missod nothing in Loigh's tender, protecting affec tion — was so eagor to meet her that all day long sho flitted about like a humming- bird, unable to be quiet a moment. The cold, pale, elegant woman who stopped from the carriage seemed scaroely tho sister she had once loved ; but sho lavished upon hor all the caresses sho would permit. Mnude met Leigli with a cool smile and a frank band- ehnke ; not a glance or a word meant for him alone did he receive. He was not ae oalm and self-possessed aB Bhe, and before tho evening was over left the little group abruptly', and did nob return before they separated far bho night. The days want on. Irma, loving hor husband and sister with nil her passionate nature, grieved that they were nob as warm friends as she could wish. She noticed their strange avoidance of eaoh other, their chilly silence when thrown together, und beliuved they must have quarrelled. To each she mude her plea far mutual forbear- anco and kindness. Maude turned Upon her that stern, set look she had begun to fear, and bade hor be quiob. "IF you value your own happiness, Irma, lot us be as we are. 1 warn you. Never mention our bearing toward each other ugain." Leigh grow very pule, and a frown con tracted hie brow. " Irma, yau do not know what you are eaying. Am I not kind to you ? Why trouble about my conduct to others." ' " But I want you to love Maude. Surely Bho deserves it, and I think she is not happy. Sometimes I have a vague feeling that I have wronged her, and yet I know not how. She said she would not marry you, and you said- the eamo, . and surely if you had nob loved me beet you would nob have married me. Bub be kind to hor, Leigh, for my sake." "Oil, Irma, you torture mo 1 Be satisfied with me. as 1 am." " Sabisfiod ? I am more than satisfied. I trombleand wonder at my own great happi ness in being blessed with the love of such a man. Ah, if you know how deeply I love you, Leigh ! You are a part of my very life, and to losa you would be to lose my lifo ; yob, if ibwere for your happiness to give you up, I wouid Eacrifico my love and my lifo togcthor. All there is of me is yours, dear Leigh. Your joy is miuc." Leigh looked deep into the wondrouB, paseion- lib oyes with a touch of tragio mys- 'tory in their dopthe and inwardly groaned. To have won the love of suoh a nature, to de6orvo and prize it eo little I How sad and perplexing was the whole web of life I What would be the end 1 Irma and her husband were in the habit of riding overy fine morning to somo spob of interest. Maude bad joined them a few times but gave up the rides presently, aud now bliey never expected her to accompany them. But one morning after the horses were ordered, Irma did not feol well enough to ride, uud insisted with pretty petulance that Maude should take her place. Muude at luEb, consented, looking pale and cold, but very beautiful, in her dui-k blue habit. She- appeared to unusual advantage when oiiiiioiseback. It was the first of many such rides ; for Irma continued to be delicate and indis posed to Vigorous exercise. Maude was beginning to lose much of her haughty com posure. Her cheeks would flush and pale without npparenb cause, and from a sort of cold, tolerant bearing towards Irma, she became alternately tender, solicitous, or irritable. Leigh grew moody and impatient grieving Irmu one moment to overwhelm Hor the next with caresses ; and the young wifo oould nob determine whether the bwo sheloved so well were hotter friends than thoy hud been, or if she had improved mutters by throwing them so much together. The winter passed, spring wus advanced, and soft, summery days were beginning to appear. Irmu was still not strong, but very lmppy. Hor trusting nature muds its own happiness when those sho loved were new ; she saw nothing to trouble her us long ae all was well with them. ' That Maude and Leigh often rode together now without asking her if she felb inclined to accompany them pleased rather than disturbed hor ; and that bright, lato May morning when slio watched blicm ride away, waving hand kerchiefs und kiss oa towards her, she was as full of the joy nf lifo und love us ever, und smilingly rested on her couch when they were out ol sight until slumber closed the beautiful eyes. Bub tho hours pusscd and bliey did not return. Not until the day seemed to molt into night's cloudB .did Irmu und hor finronts feel reully alarmed by their pro- onged ubseiiee. Something must have iiuppsned to keep them awuy thus, and anxiety was ut its height when.u messenger on horseback from a distant town dashed up to the duor. He had a letter to deliver to M rs. Irma Raymond. She pressed it to her lipB and heurb when she saw it was d treated in her husband's hand, jn hor own room, alone, she read- the words en closed,' which were written by Mnude. " Irmu, ourse us and forgot us. We havo tried to- endilro und do right, but tbo old love, born before your own, ie too strong, too overpowering. Irma, I sacrificed my heurt, ulinost my life, in giving up Leigh to you, to save you from oven a suupioioh of disgrace. 1 meant to bo honourable. But tho burden I took up wus grout or than I could bear.' Honour, truth, your love — seem as nothing compared with a life upnrt from my once betrothed. To live as 1 lmvo lived, seeing him bound to unotlier, would be madness. _ Remoinber, Irum. ha wub uiino first. You 'are young, you will out grow this sorrow und love someone who fs nil your own. It was this, or death. You will never hear from u» again. Houoo- forth we aro dead to ull who lmvo ever known us. "Muude." Thrice Irmu's oyes travelled over the hurriedly written pugo before she could realise the l'ult meaning of bho words. Then, with tho letter elaspod in both hands, mid moaning pitifully, she sank to the floor— not mercifully unoonscious, but uuublo to move. Tliey found hor there, and sorrowfully curried hor to bed. Heurt- broken hor father und mother hung over hor, doing whatever lovo and skill could suggest for the sufferer. But It was of io uvail. " Why did ho marry mo, mother ? Why did lie marry mo, loving Muitdo f" was her sole cry. Sho was gently told tho story. She seemed too much shocked at the truth to spouk, and lay for duyB with her fuoe to tho wall, noticing no ono. At lost, ono evening, sho turned toward tho . light glowing through a western window, and smiling onoo mora joyfully, said — " Thoy con bo happy now, mothor. Ib will bo nil right now, for I shall not be in thoir way." And in a fow moments eweob Irma was dead. ' 