ITEMS OF NEWS. Ban vard's Company in Fun on the Bristol, with a complete cast of characters, and a variety company for the scene in the saloon of the s.s. Bristol will shortly appear in Kal goorlie. The house built by the late Mr. Barney Barnato in Park-lane has been purchased by Sir Edward Sassooa (heir of the late Sir Albert Sassoon, of Brighton), for the sum of £100,000. . A Local Court is to be held in Kalgoorlie oil September 1. On September 6 a Quarterly Licensing Court will be held, at which the record number of 46 applications will be dealt with. The well-known editor of Truth, Mr Labouche; e, is said to be the most abstemi ous man in the House of Commons. He is proud of the fact that he rareiy, if ever, takes a walk, and he plays no game, and has uever done so, not even when he w -s a schoolboy at Eton. The secretary of the K. and B. Workers' Association yesterday received the following telegram from the Strike ' Committee at Lucknow : — ' Deeply grateful. We antici pate an early win. Churches, Prus3, and Parliament helping us. Your communication received enthusiastically here.' In accordance with a resolution of the Mining Exhibition Commission' (say3 our Coolgardie correspondent), invitations were sent to all the goldfields' members of Parlia ment to become members of the Commission. Replies have now been received, and nearly all the members signified their willingness to join. The Trinidad Gazette publishes the fol lowing notice : — 'As profane language through telephones has been recently used to che lady operators of the telephone ex change, the directors hereby give notic; that, any telephone through which such language is addressed will be discontinued. — By order of the board, J. STALL^Y, manager.' The brigade turned out at 10.45 last night for an alaim of fire, but it was found that lhe blaze arose merely from some burning waste timber near Mr Martin Black's resi dence. The person who set alight to the material is deserving of censure as his little. ' diversion' occasioned trouble to the brigade and might have resulted in a serious con flagration had a high wind been blowing. At the Kalgoorlie Couvfc House yesterday morning Mr J. W. Kirwan, J.P , opened an inquest on the body of Josiah Wrigley, who met his death at the Australia mine on Monday, through falling into a tank of cyanide solution. The jury (Messrs T. R\ Brimage, foreman, John McDonald, and. John McGrath) having viewed the body, the inquest was adjourned until Friday morning at 10 .o'clock. A London correspondent states that re cently a young lady in changing trains at a rail way junction, left; Sarah Grand's book, 'The Heavenly Twins,1' which she had been reading, on the rack of the carriage she had just quitted. On arriving at herdestination she discovered her loss, and making it known to the officials they wired to the terminus — ''Heavenly twins' left in first-class carriage, 3.40 down.' Back came the reply — ' No trace of twins. Wire description.' Messrs Angus & Robertson contemplate the publication of a volume of the old Bnsh and Campfire songs of Australia to be edited by Mr A. B. v-aterson C The Banjo'), author of Tlie Man from Snowy River. In this work, which may be justly called a national undertaking, the publishers rely on the co operation of every Australian. Those .-having' words, or even fragments of the bush and camp-fire songs are requeste.1 to send them with the music or air when po-sible r.o Messrs Angus & Robertson, 89 Castlereagh street, Sydney, who will duly acknowledge the receipt of same. At a meeting of St John s Church, tsoulder, after evening servicf, it was decided to re quest the Rev Archdeacon Barton-Parkes to appoint the Rev Mr Collide to the charge of the Boulder district. Dr Elphick was nomi nated by the Archdeacon as Minister's Warden, and Mr C. de Lacy Clarke was elected People's Warden. The statutab'.e committee will consist of Dr Hridgeford, Messrs Strempel, Hopkins, Nelson, Broken shire and Ansiillp. It is anticipated that early steps will be taken for the erection of a church in the town where a centrally-situated block has been secured. The local weekly, the Western Argus, issued to-day, contains the following illus trations : — Double pace view of Frenmntle, showing all the features of interest at that port, and portraits of Sir John Forrest, Hon. E. H. Wittenoom, Hon. F. H. Piesse, Hon. Septimus Burt, and the ex-Commissioner of Crown Lands, Hon. A. H. Richardson. Theve are also excellent views of the C.itholic and Church of England Cathedrals at Perth, as well as th^ metropolitan Congregational and Wesleyan Churches. The first chapters are given of an interesting serial story, entitled '? The Bonds of Love,' and the number also contains a complete story, ' Thf Haunted Hand.' The ARGUS has many other attrac tive features, which should render the iniirnal sneciallvaccerjtable to the public. The London Daily Chronicle says : — We have been favored with a picture of an appalling invention — literally ' made in Germany' — having for its object the pre vention of premature burial. The machine is well calculated to add a new terror to the graveyard. It works on the slightest move ment in the buried coffin, so that a passing van. or still more, a moving train, may by the oscillation it sets up cause the dread thing to work. And what happens is this : An iron b-x springs open, a black flag fiicB wildly upright, a bell clangs, and the glare of an electric lamp lightens the countryside. We can conceive nothing more trying to the nerves of the living than the consciousness that these dread engines a-e scattered pro miscuously over the churchyards o£ the land. We are not afraid of ghost?, but we frankly confess that we would no' pass by a chuivli at night if we thought that one of these terrors was nigh. We have received from the Commissioner of Crown Lands (the Hon. George Throssell, M.L.A.) a pamphlet entitled, ' A Land of Promise,3' which is intended as a ' brief and authentic account of the condition and re sources of West Australia.' The author is Mr Trant Chambers, a descriptive writer of great anility, who was at one time engaged on the Broken Hill Press. The contents are divided into headings, and treat of the following subjects : — Financial position, railways, post and telegraphs, vital statis tics, the mining industry, desirable settlers, selection of Ian i for farms, conditional pur chase of land, pastoral divisions, agricul tural settlenvnt atid prospects, Agricultural Bureau, Agricultural Bank, Crown Lands Department, farming districts, fruit growing, viticulture, vast wooded wealth pearl and oyster fisheries. The work is very interest ing, and should amply serve the purpose for which it is intended, namely, ' for circulation in the British Isles and else where, with the view of attracting attenti-n to the varied capabilities of this rising country.' The exposition has been made 'studiously brief,' and Mr Chambers is to be complimented upon his handiwork. . Messrs J. A. Hicks, Hunter, and Co, general merchants. Hannan-street, anrjounc : by advertisement that the balance of their grocery, ironmongery, wines and spirit?, must be cleared out this weak, and that for the few remaining days of the sale greater bargains than ever will be offered the public. 'Kandy KoolAj' Tea is \ kept by all grocers. Our JTorseman correspondent telegraphs: — ' Letters and newspapers posted in Adelaide on 13th inst. have been delivered at Norse man, via Esperance. on the 20th.' As the result of the deputation which waited on the Kalgoorlie Council on Monday night and which pointed out the necessity for bring ing into existence a larger supply of water for fire-fighting purposes, tenders, receivable up to 5 o'clock this evening, are invited; by an advertisement appearing in this issue, by the Municipality for the manufacture and delivery of one or more galvanised iron water tanks of 10ft diameter by Stt deep. bpecmcations ana particulars may be seen at the office of Mr J. C. Scandrett, Town Clerk. The Lawton-Leslie Vaudeville Co. gave another first-class performance in the Miners' Institute, Kalgoorlie, Ia3t night. Comprising as it does such 'stars' as the Leslie Brothei-3 and Alf . Lawtou, who came over from the Eastern colonies with Rickards Tivoli Co , it is not strange that the company has become very popular. Last night the different performers were all well received. Mr. W. Neilson was in ex ceptionally good voice, and kis rendering of the 'Holy City' left little to be dosired. The other chief features of the performance were the Leslie Brothers sketch, ' Fun in a Bar Room,' Miss Celia Ghiloui songs, and tue auec Dy trie jjesne Bisters, a diverting shadow pantomime concluded the pro gramme. To-night there will be an en tirety new bill. The performance will be under the patronage of the Early Closing Association, the members of which, to the number of between 50 and 60, have signified their intention of being present. 