' NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES A good deal lias been heard of late con cerning I lie exploits of tlic Brazilian fan atic, Antonio Conselheiro, "the new Mes siah," who, with his followers, defeated, a few weeks ago, a large body of regular troops; hut very few are aware of his true history, which is one of the most tragic character. It seems that the unfortunate man, whose influence over his followers is incalculable, was at one time a rich mer chant of Rio. lie had married a very beauti ful young woman, to whom he was passion ately attached. One day his mother assured him that she feared his wife was not true to him, and advised him to watch her closely. He did so, with the result that he saw a man leave her room, and leap from the balcony of her apartment in tho small hours of (lie morning, lie immediately fired his revolver, and shot the fugitive dead. A few moments later a window opened, and a woman looked out. Believing it to he ; his wife, lie again fired, and the woman fell. On entering the house to realise his revenge, what was his horror to discover tlmt lie lind shot his own mother. This preyed so greatly upon liis mind that he disappeared from society. He was not heard of for some time, when suddenly lie reappeared at the head of a hand of fanatics, whoso desperate j violence is causing considerable embarrass ment to the Brazilian Government. Sulue pliilusupheis cuiiltut, ciiuuiu .patieiit,- ly the distracting screeching of tho railway whistle. Mr. Herbert Spencer is suffering from its desolating effects. It is no secret that Air. Spencer is peculiarly sensitive to discordant noises. In fact, he has been known to renounce liis whole philosophy of liberty in order to check the nuisance of cock crowing. Some years ago, during a stay in Scotland, lie was maddened by the performance of a cock that crowed incon ceivably early. After a period of prolonged suffering, it occurred to him that if the early cock were tied by the legs to its pereh it would he unable to crane up for the act of crowing. So Mr. Spencer got up, and with liis pocketbandkerchief tied the crea ture firmly to its pereh, and then went back to. bed. Whether the cock went on crow ing is not recorded, but Mr. Spencer, con fident in his theory, slept. The sad part of the story is that he forgot the wretched bird until late in the afternoon. His con scious stricken rush to the fowl house and the explanations that followed are not mat ters to he dwelt upon. Major Gamerra, one of the Italian officers who underwent eight months' imprison ment in Abyssinia, has written a book des criptive of his experiences. After graphi cally describing the battle of Adowa, Major Gamerra speaks of the "via crucis" towards Shoa, and gives an instance of the courage shown by an artillery officer. He says: — "Among the prisoners there was Lieutenant Caruso, of the artillery, who was asked by Meneiik to teach the Ehoans the mode of loading cannons upon mules. But this he positively refused to do, saying that even if the Italian general, who was among the pri soners, should order him to do so ho would not obey. Meneiik, irritated by this reply, sent hack word to him, saying that at Adowa there were neither generals nor majors; that he, the Negus, commanded all, and that he advised him not to incur the anger of the emperor. To this Caruso replied, 'Jell your Negus that he can have me shot, or can have my hands and feet cut off, hut that he will never succeed in obtaining from me what he has asked to day.' " Major Gamerra relates liow the courtiers of the Negus were very irate because the French and Italian papers spoke of him simply as "Meneiik," without any prefix. But the Negus calmed them by saying that he was none the less an emperor for all that, and the major explained that in Europe great sovereigns such as Napoleon I. and Victor Emmanuel were always so designated without any prefix to their names, and explained that the papers in tended no disrespect whatever to his Abys sinian majesty. Ras Olie once asked Major Gamerra, "How many gods have you?" To this lie replied, "One." — "Then you are a Maho metan?"— "No, no. I am a Catholic; Apostolic and Roman."— "Then you should have three gods?" — "Ah! you mean tho Holy Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Ghost." "Yes, yes; you are right, I have also three gods, which are, however, only one." — "Very well, you nre a Christian; but tell me, is it true that the Egyptians have taken Rome by assault?" — "I laughed so much at this," continues the narrator, "that the Ras, somewhat disconcerted, desired to give me a lesson upon religion, and asked me if nil Italians' were Christians. Having re plied that they were nearly all Christians, lie remarked, 'But if you are all Christians why do you always blaspheme God, Jesus Christ and Mary?' To this demand I could find uo reply, but as I did not wish to ap pear vanquished, I made some sentimental speech, which, however, had no common sense in it, and which I am sure the Ras could not comprehend." 1 he pestilential parrot and the contagious cockatoo are still, it seems, spreading their ravages on the Continent, and Genoa is re ported to be devastated by infection which a swarm of immigrant "Follies" has brought from Brazil. At the beginning oflast month, therefore, the citizenB read without surprise a placard posted up in all public places with the heading "Municipal Service of Hy- gicne." This formidable document warned all owners of feathered pets that they must bring them on a certain day to tho bac teriological department of the Public Health Office for inspection. All birds suspected of infection would then be detained for treatment or destruction, the healthy ani mals receiving a formal certificate. "Par rots and cockatoos of glass, china or metal are exempt from this regulation," con tinued the document. Citizens and, citi- zcnesscs began to crowd to the municipal buildings, carrying in cages or on perches or under their arms hundreds of shrieking victims. It was then discovered that tho day was 1st April, and that the signature on the proclamation was not that of the mayor but of "Suceesso," the "Punch" of Genoa. Professor llerkomer has told the story of liis .celebrated picture, The Chelsea Pen sioners in Church, in the course of a lecture on The Art Life. The picture, he said, was painted against tiie advice of every friend he had. He, however, set his teeth together and worked as only a desperate man could work, with domestic sorrow and trouble to be borne whilst the work was proceeding. Never, lie said, was a painting sent to the Academy with such trepidation as this one was. But after five days' anxious waiting there came letters, not of rejection, but of warm commendation, from Lord Leighton (then Mr. Leighton) and Mr. George Rich mond. He (the professor) was then watch ing hy a sick bed, and he was not ashamed to stale that when lie received these lcttcra he broke down and wept. The acceptance of that picture was the first striking success of his career. In the same lecture Professor Horkomer made some amustfig remarks as to how tbo old masters would be treated if they were living to-day. Michel Angelo would have been regarded as morose and peculiar. Ho would not have been elected to tho Academy as a young man, and would have declined the honor in his old age. Leonardo da Vinci would have been the inventor of the electric light, and would have written to the "Times" about himBelf and his critics. Rubens would have been a member of Parliament and intimate with members of the aristocracy, and Holbein would have been kept out of the Royal Academy on account of liis habits. The sending of "Eastec eggs" as presents is a rapidly growing custom in England, and it is recorded that when the last mail left London the leading confectioners were ex tremely busy at what might be called lay ing. eggs. In an article in the "Strand Magazine" we read that "all sorts of pre sents, from gloves and bonnets to articles of furniture nre placed in Easter eggs. Tho record egg, in point of size and costliness, is thus described : — Seven men nre carrying it on a kind of bier. The shell was entirely of chocolate, 9 feet high, and IS feet in cir cumference at tho widest part. It held about half a ton of superfine cuiifeclionery, besides the. whole expensive trousseau of a South African millionaire's bride. A great number of the wedding presents were also packed in tiie egg. The sweetmeat part of the order, including the elaborate external decoration, cost £660. The packing ut iho filled egg was a woik of art, and tiie whole wns insured for many thousands of pound, before being tldivoied on hoard a Castle liner at Southampton docks." Some amusing specimens of the "Humors of Arbitrations" nre given by Mr. G. M. Freeman, Q.C., in a magazine article. Among the stories is one which shows tlmt sometimes n bonstful spirit lends to sad re sults. A gentleman in the cigar trade, whose ndvniitngc it was to show that his business had been yielding a large income, showed, to the satisfaction of all concerned, profits for many years of over £1000. As he was leaving the inquiry much pleased a quiet person who had licen listening lapped him on tiie shoulder, and observed, "I am glad you have been doing so well, and, as collector, I will trouble you for 15 years' arrears of the income tax you have forgot ten to return." The cigar merchant's an swer is not chronicled. The latest tiling in bonis comes, oi course, from America; the inventor, Cap tain Flindt, hails from Sweden. He pro fesses to have constructed a vessel, 60 feet long, 6 feet broad nnd about 5 feet deep, which attains easily a speed of 50 knots per hour. This remarkable result is achieved, we are told, by an engine of 20 horse-power only, driving a propeller somewhat different from tho ordinary screw. Gasoline serves for fuel, and seven men suffice to form tho crew. Captain Flindt purposes to make a trip from New York to Quenstown, and he expects to cover the distance in a couple of days. The Gloucester Railway Carriage and Waggon Company have just completed tho first carriage for Mr. Bohr's patent electric express railway. This is built on the mono rail system. The carriage, which is about CO feet long and seats 100 persons, is its own locomotive, and propels itself by electricity. The patentee is sanguine that it will reach a speed of 150 miles an hour. The trial trip is to take place shortly at Brussels. I Another prince, this time of the Holien- lohe family, lias determined to follow the example of Prince Max of Saxony, and de vote himself to the service of the church. Prince Philip Holienlohc is a nephew of the fate Cardinal, and son of the late Grand plaster at the German Imperial Court. Un like Prince Max, he has decided, according to the "Catholic Times," to enter a religious order, and wilj remain among his people at the Benedictine Monastery at Lcckan. "What is tiie difference between an up-to- date young woman on a bicycle and the dog which follows her?" was a conundrum pro posed by a well-known Dean the other day. The reply was that tho "one wears trousers and the other pants." We have heard some thing very like this before, but in any case another conundrum may he added: "Who was the Dean?" 