ORIGINAL RiDBLES II REBUS ANDRHYIE PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE- MENT.l — i ' >- To Run Round 'the Table at Christmas Time. . BY JENNETT HUMPHREYS, Author of "Some, Games to Play on Ohristmns Day," ."Mistletoe .Merriment," "OhrlBtmas . ltecrenlion," Christmas Merriment," "Christmas Conundrums," &c.;, &o.; COYPRIGHT. ONCE MORE. 1-Iuzza for Clivistmas hero again! With hands, with voice, with eager oyoB, We welcome your red-berried l'oigu, And hail you' as our Winter Prize! Bright Chrislmns-Kingl Mnv rou be be To reach your Diamond Jubilee! But no! itoich measuring is o'er, And Jubilees were yours, before! For queens mny live, nnd natious Bhout, As eighteen ninety-seven dies out, But you, through centuries, men greet And lay glnd henrts at your glad feet! Huzzn! RIDDLES. RIDICULOUS. 1\. Wlmt is the .difference between n fib told at Pancake-time : arid a fib told ut Minco- nie-tliuoV 2\. what is the similarity between the Sultan and your host? 3\. Wlmt is the difference between a great joker and a lawyer's head-dress? 1, How do we know 'Abel had nolle of the qualities of the' whirlwind? 5\. On what grounds, is Irving considered not only the lessee of tlio Lyceum but its land lord? (I. What is the difference between n ccrtaiu coin and a certain country? 7\. Iii which European country is tea grown? 8\. What is the difference between an illusion and visiting Bister Frances? 0\. What is the connecting link between sad ness anil the expression of it? 10\. Which part of: Ireland is the nearest to the pantry? 11\. Which part of Africa Is nearest marma lade? j-'- Why do we expect few cats on the Russian Steppes? 13\. What is tlio difference between the Vaca tion and the Vatican? . NO CHANGE GIVEN (OR EXPECTED). Time makes its footprints, but: — A widow's might ia still com. . Oholor nnd cuffs remain close companions. Sodlers continue to bo found, la quarters (poor fellows). A skirt dance has not yet boon soon without n body to it. Evcty Indian (quite Incompruhonslvely) still longB for a lack of rupees. Though you call "A spade! A spade!" it will . not j'ot coiue. when. called. YV it and wine, continuing to sliame .the proverb, are Both in together— in the English lan guage. Tlio spur of the moment 1ms not lost size. It js si ill large enough -for people to net upon Naval architecture renmlps so defective, ships lire rot only built with qunrtor-dooks. A mail s right over his own discretion has not boon taken from him. Ho can still use it. (By the., way, it would bo nico to know where that man is; his portrait would sell.) A Midsummer, Knight's Dream is still of a baronetcy buy-and-lmy. Ail swell tlint ends swefi eontlnues to bo true. Money Is still the fashion' for milking muir. Once it only niudo the mnro to go! There remains several Rhodes to ruin. FLOOItALL. 1\. Name a flower in which you can find ink, 2\. Name a flower with a j'ouug goat in it. 3\. Name a flower part- o'f. which is hoard in Quires and Places whore they sing. 4\. Name one 911 part of which people wipu their feet. 5\. Name one which holdB a pronoun, 1st pors., phi., 110m. fi. And one with the same In the accusative. 7\. Name a flower which, though lofty, calls itself less. S. Name a flower in which there is n theatri cal newspaper. 0\. Nome one containing a ceremony. 10\. And one containing the copulative conjunc tion. 11\. Name one 011 which stands the highest table at, a banquet. 12\. Name 0110 from which the lover never goes. 13\. And one which holds what he would be stow upon his lass. I t. Name a flower in which you can find no thing (in French). 15\. Anil one with the fuss or turmoil in it' nothing sometimes brings. . 10\. Name one in which there is a part of a cir cle. 17\. Name one in which you can find a husband (in French). 18\. And one in which you can 'find nobody (in Latin). 19\. And one the best of all for the conclusion, because Finis is to be read there (in Eng lish). TERSE VEnSE. Apropos. ' For every rose That ever grows, For violet, For mignonette,'1 , For lilies, 'pnnsicu, daisies, For purple stock, And hollyhock, For all the (lowers That scent the hours, Wo owe a thousand praises. TWELVE .TOWNS IN TWOS. As each would choose A whole' to go, Pray make them so. I. Collected Ik oiio half, From hoartli iind fonder. You wish to bo my next Wlien love grows tender. \- II.- .- ..:. ' A rod might lie my first Of wood' or metal; . One reigning is- my last, With laws to settle. . Ill, Eyes light upon ray first For grace and beauty; Eyes light .upon ray lust For merest duty. " . IV. ; A deed denotes' my- first, Or Bill, when passed; A prep: which" means a-top, Displays my last. " " V. . ' A prep: which means residing, My first makes known; In wives of coclc-a-doodlo My Inst is- shown. . VI. A maltlsh beverage, One half expresses; 'A counterfeit complaint My next confesses. \- VII. A colour is pile half, A colour glaring; The other," pRy, -is Sweet, past comparing. VIII. J ' Young lads and InsBes with One half will play; ' A clock sounds out the next All night and day IX. All nations' alphabets One half begins; Within tlie last wild beasts May kick their shins. X. At cknRe bold huntsmen ride To got my first; My- Inst they empty soon, Be theyathirst. , ' XI. My first n loaded gun Will cry -when -fired; My Inst means one of some, Not all desired. XII. My first Is, when it grows, 7 ; , | A graceful plant; 1 My last the first remain? . ! Of every punt. \-- AN ON dit. He: "It's, marvellous!" I Another He: "It's more thlin that, dear; fel low; it's graudma'vellous." REBUSES. Tboy Indicate French cities, - Each part, too, in French writ 1?,. First. (a) A measure of time; (b) Part of the fnco. Second, (a) The opposite of cold; (b) a high place. Third. (a) The god of war; (b) .Watert, vessels. Fourth, (a) A term of endearment; (b) A member's seat. Fifth. (n) A small spring vegetable; . (I)) One part of three equal parts, Sixth. (a) A proposition; (b) The organs of Hying. Seventh, (a) An interjection; (b) A garden ito habitant. Eighth. £0 A "bang" or "crammer;" (b) ' One of the elements, > In. the Ninth. (a) Aavt«twont; (b) A child's oursq christening" -cookery, or BAPTISMAL BOOKERY, (Each recipe rarely recommended), A A measure take (heard now and then But long since out of fashion); . Add cither end of Englishmen. When made she is their, passion. B First take the word for dawn,, noon, morn, Then clap 011 (finely peeled) A piece from evidence new-torn, The. dish to none will yield. O Get okl cathedrals' shorter name of Anglo-Saxon time, Aud take its foremost syllable (The piece esteemed tile prime); Then add of "monied" quite a half, ; Omitting in, o, d. Note.— Never a more useful dish Will you at table see. D Take that which means bound round arid round (Its vowel altered . slightly); . Then add an adjective no er found With those, who act politely. - E Gut up the Latin word for love, \ And -use its last three-quarters;'' Join 011 11 weight. (man's strength above, Though even 111011 he portorB); And maid who might have duck or dove- Will, pray this dish be brought hers. F Take old-word past (now shown by s, With ho or she or it); , Then pour two-fifths of "angel" on. For angels 'twill be fit. ..7 G Take that, which follows on "Good Queen,- Add Latin intimation How tilings some other 'things mny menu; 'Twill meet with approbation. H Take little cry of little lamb, When Ininhie wants protecting;': Then put what goes Tro'ln jnnih to jamb When lionse-iloors get. erecting. QUI5555ICAT, JOKfl- GRAPHY. For Intermediate flchohii-B. 1\. Which watery incident on the earth's sur- face would lie useful at a Christmas round- game of curds? . 2. Which, watery also, would you expect t< hear in a house 011 the lra.ll of a ghost? , 3\. Aud wldeli is very marly what you would expect to see aCler the creak? 4\. Which parts of the earth's surface ai'd church dignitaries? 5\. 'Which pans are a predatory race? 0\. Which would you like to give to an ap ple? 7\. Which part do you (iml In lu.mlnt-box? 8\. Which, watery, again, could you piit oh a cupboard door? 9\. And wldeli at tlie door hinge? 10\. Which part would bo useful for an unsafe building? . 11\. Which pni-t would a girl not like to re- seiulde? . 12\. lint what event oil it, of bl-dhll' dccftii'- renee, denotes what she would ho? 13\. Which part of the oi'Cfl In answers tlie ques tion, Which 1b tlie best plnymg-eufu? . 14\. Wldeli lells what an Invalid Cockney . would say he whs .' . 15\. Which Is used as 11 verb In anger? Aria how? 1G. Which shows from what this Usually, uriseu? 17\. Which part, rapidly diminishing riotv Iri quantity, Is like 11 pillow? 18\. Which, prefixed by nlmoml, could be eltteQ? 19\. Which, if it only measured an ell inore' would ho sought by us all? 20\. WJucli could he conjugated? And how? 21\. Which is a good portion of him who owes, nnd of him to whom lie owes? 22\. Which describes what you did on the lee? 23\. Which describes what the girl did who was coining to meet you? 24\. And which the consolation she lovingly gave you? . 25. And which purt finally, describes, what you lmvo In your mind after all this atteto tion to special scientific subjects? A SHAKE OF THE HAND. Good- niglitl Good-bye! May you nnd I, - You readers, dear, Itc-mcet next year. For jokes and jest AY i til Christmas guests, Flay no ill part, But cheer the heart. ADDENDUM. A Question of Surprise, and its Answer. . "Come! why not riddle Glen? And why not riddle Fen? And riddle Oomiams, Fields, anil Prairies? And why liot riddle Height? And why not riddle Site?" "Because tlio same would put me In. quan daries!" Tlie answers to:— Riddles Ridiculous, Floor-all. Twelve Towns in Twos, , Rebuses, Christening Cookery, Quizzical Joke-graphy, ore held over, so ns not. to destroy the value of the column, but will he forwarded privately! by return poHt, to any of our subscribers on re ceipt of a stamped envelope for reply. 