IA ST'RKLIN<iSHllRE PLOUGH MAY'S STORY. We were gathered round the bothy fire m re cold winter night when the conversation turnrd ;on ghosts, Each member of the comptny hal some thrilling tale to tell, either of his own (r. porience, or that of someone else. and wh.n ;t came to Bob Morria' turn he remarked, " I sui pose, boys, none of you ever heard me tell of my experience ?" " Never." we choruM.d. " LetC' bear it, Bob ?" and he begin as follows : " Some fifteen years ago I was servng a' Banukeud, on the west side of Deanny I wss second man on the farm, and shfir i the liltlhi "with twoother young fellowe, and r w hiirem scarum set we were : few ploys occurred io th .istrict that we bad no hand in. lHow well remember the midnight raid we planied cn ian 'old gentleman's fruit garden. which itool nbllot .half a mile from the fann The ni;ht seletei was well suited for our purpose, there bt:ing 1no nmoon. lteaching the garden, we scaled the wall. ard in a short time had eolr Io?row'lr iZAo el''. lined with apples, bies s filling a nmallol lls i:' when the owner of the riLeyard sitddenly appeared. Bob. ones, who was on the top of ,the wall with the bag, dropled safely on the other eide. and wc- lost no tijme in following. SBut the old fellow was not to be done to easily, and me soon discovered he was no our track. About half-nay to the farm we catlo upon an old deserted mansion called I:owan bank. which stood by the side of the road, and had the reputation of being haunted. Never very partictolar at any time we were less so now,; and had scarcely concealed ourselves in one of lawer roomns when the old fellow came puffing: up. li paused irresolutely opposite the houe.' apparently uncertain whether we might not have taken refuge there. Just then a blood curdling yell iisued from the building, and he immediately look to his heels arid away back the road he came. " You will suppose, no doubt, that we were convulsed with laughter at this, but. if so. you were never mori. mistaken. We crouched i ll eorner of the uom too terrified to move. Bud-. denly, wilhout warning, an inner door openedt and a tall whitte i;ire beariig a lighted lantrn appart-d on t.he t'hreshold. This ws too mnch, and with a wild rush wi reached the window. I nd tiumbled nut. Qmckly rsgaining our feet we ttrucks a bo.e line fr the farm, arriving there withont numishp. " Net lday we Ihard that ' ialt .3rek, the i illa , * natural." v.s boastinc bolw b had frighttt-id *om- oh-.,,, at the ' big boose ' the nightbefore, aon wn- were itflinted to belire his ltatemrnt,? nli, ,, Investlgaiou , we fon?ul Sthatthe bag. uf trnit lt.t llihinl t o -ir hurry Siad disappeared A, we liha . two- lnli objct. haowever, in kltep;: iunt:t of te jet. ,tuioc i viaxllowed tr wua-ta -s.ter of the sttuatior. 