MY HOTEL ADVENTURE, f COhtl'LETE STORY j ..... BY LUCY HARDY, Author of "The Follthorpe Ghost," ft A Fatal Kiss," &p;,t &o.; ' coFYiiianT."- — " ' ipShe ONLY W objection is I Itn'f 81 that I do I' fflfffiSSJHRlt > not like you I — 3 git, stopping at ' sKtSr 1 un without J ino." _b, "But we have , Mrs. Simpson, uuntie." "Yo — os," I'll spoko Aunt IffiH&lull; Agatlin, in a very IW1 hosltating and doubtful fffflfflinVH voico, as ono who by. no I'm means iioeoptod tlio lady named as u cnmploto and fflSlWVreriift . suffioiont substitute for (08li!-j@8a horsolf. ' Hoar Aunt Agnthn. MP—"- Ever sinoo Funny and I bad come into her charge (mothorlcss mites of six and sovoq yoarsold, sont to hor by her widowod brother, when his young wife wus suddenly tukon from him in India), her lifo had been rather liko that of a hen with a brood of duuklings. Aunt Agatha was somo twenty yours older than my father. She was tho eldest, and ho tlio youngest, of a family of whom tlioy two wero uow tho only survivqrs ; and, passionately as slio loved us, I think tlie arrival of two healthy, riotous children must have beon a somewhat disturbing element iu the existence which tho quiet old muid had led before wo came. Like most persons unused to tho ahurgo of ohildron, our mint wus ulways, us slio liorsolf suid, "nervous uhout us;" and I think Fanny and I must havo possessed oxcop- tiouully strong constitutions to have survived tho "uhio" lavished upon us ill our early years— tlio dosings and tlio wrappings- up, tlio stuffing nnd tho sturving, tho cuid baths and the fiaunol olothing, which various advisers recommended us " good for children," nud which anxious Aunt Agutha practised upon us by turns. Probably hor lottorp gave my father some inkling of tlio stato of" affairs; for when I wus eight, and Funny niiie,.liq qvrote insist ing that wo Bhould bo sent to a. we/1 known ladies' hoarding, school. Hero,' 1 among twenty-four other girls, we had the udyautuue of that " wholosomo noglcct" which wo could novor have on joyed ut home. Now, however, twelve years liud rolled away siiico wo woro placed under Miss Staines's enro. Wo had boon "grown-up" girls for somo while, "finished," and "introduced," and would, somo years pre viously, havo joined our father in India, hut that, foiir yours hofoi'o my story commences)', tho puront whom wo only know by his letters was laid to rest in tho distant graveyard ." on tlio' bills," whoro our mother was stepping already witli our baby brothor oil lier breast; Wo were "all she had now," Aunt Agnthn was wont to say toarfttlly, and .slio was oven moro " anxious" about. ub than ever. Much as wo lovud tlio kindly unHelfish old 'udy, Funny and I had inuny a good laugh (sometimes, I am ashamed to say, many u grumble) over her "euro." Now I am older and lonelier I often lonk back on tliOBC by.goneduys, nnd wish I lmd anyone how surviving who loved me woll enough even to ') fidgot" about me ns Aunt Agntlia did somo thirty odd yonvs ago. .. If our health had boon hor chief cause for anxiety in our childhood, our moral well- hbiiig was occasion for even greater concern to Aunt Agatlin in our early womanhood. Iler kindlv heart was pcrpotunlly torn between a desire to grant us every possiblo indulgence, proouro us every possible pleasure, and yet preserve 11s from becoming D vain," or "frivolous," or " plpuaiiro-ncek- iiig" ; not to mention anxiety to shield us from "taking, an drill, " "over-f aligning ourselves," &o.; — all, dangers whioli lie in tlio primroso path whioh leads to'picnios, and dances, nnd other umuSements bf ybilth'. ' 'I am hound to say thnt all Aunt Agatha's tremors soldom 'actually doprived us of our enjoyments, hor strong desire to sco us happy usuully carrying tho duy against hor prit- dentiul scruples, not to speak of ' Fanny's dominating influence. For Fanny, l'iko many other flaxon-hairod, meek-looking maidens, was in truth an " esprit forto ; and ill the quietest way turned ovoryono round lier littlo finger. 80 when I hoard Fanny , etitor into tho lists to oliiimpion our proposed oxpodition, I felt confidont tliat it would tako pluco iu spite of Aunt Agatha's objections. Mrs. Simpson was 0110 of my father's Indian fnonds— a good-humoured und fairly well-to-do widow of about fifty. Slio was u great truvollor; slio said she had moved about so muoh all hor married lifo in the East tliat she lmd lost tlio power of settling down in one plaeo ; nnd at least oneo a year slio paid a brief visit to Glovormoad, tlio quiot country town whoro wo resided. "You aro all so delioiousiy dull and sloopy here, doars, it is an ubsoluto rest to stay ii week or two in this drowsy atmosphere," Mrs. Simpson would rornark to us ; though sho nover breathed suoli lioresios ' to Aunt .Agpithu. Indeed Mrs. Simpson always visited us when we considered our town wus in n whirl of gnioty ; witli the assize hull iu viow (sleopy us wo wore wo lmd tho dignity of tlio assizes) and 11 good' deal of mild gaioty ill tho way of pionics and rivor ex peditions going on. Mrs. Simpson know, somo of our local notables, aiid- was invited to all our festivities. This was an udvnntago to us, as she gbnerally persuaded Aunt Agatha to lot her officiate as our chuporon ; an arrangement ugrecublo to Aunt Agatha, who could onjoy a peaceful evening at home instead of nodding wearily us a "wallflower". lit1 a daiioe, nnd infinitoly profornblo to' us,' Mrs. Simpson holding largo viows about tlie amount of enjoyment requisite for girls; and never hurrying us away from a pleasant dunce, or jivorrying about our "taking cold" on ii water excursion. 1 But now nroso a question of greator moment than tho oaro of two giddy girls fofr un iil'ternoon or evening only. Mrs. Simpson wuntcd to havo us for a week away from Olovermcnd, and, moro daring still, a weok ut un hotel. Tlio good- natured little widow wnb going to spend a fortnight at it fashionable watorlng-pluco where a grand public ball was uhout to he held. Sho lmd invited two favourite nieces to como witli lier — indeed, sho had arranged tho whole expedition purely on thoir behalf— and now, at tlio last momont, when tile rooms at tlio hotel wero actually ongagod and tlio tickets for tlio ball taken, ono unlucky nieoo was seized witli measles and tlio other would not leave her. In tlio kindness of her heart Mrs. Simpson wrote to offer us tlio plcustiro slio lmd arranged to give hor own young . relatives ; but Aunt Agatha hesitated uhout grunting leave to accopt tho invitation. " In my young days ladies did not stop at hotels unaccompanied by gontleinon." " But your young days wero 11 long timo ago, nuntio, doar," said Funny; serenely (Fanny had tho imnck of saying rudo tilings in tlio mildest nnd sweetest of voices), " und, if that were all, I dnrosay Mrs. Simpson oould find somo gontloman to join tlie party." " Francos !" criod Aunt Agatlin, in a tono of horror ; and I bogan to tremblo for our expedition, nnd ovon Fanny felt slio lmd gono ratlior too far when called "Frances," so slio mended hor phraso witli "I meun. of courso, somo old gcntlemun — or a married man mid liis wifo." "Mrs. Simpson is ns good as a man her self," I put in, " nnd lms trnvolled nil over tlio world and stayed ut nitmbors of liotols. And, bosidos," 11 bright idea striking ine, "Garrio und Lily Trovollian wero going to stay witli Mrs. Simpson ut the lie tel. You know how particular Colonel Trovollian is; I10 would never allow his daughters to do unythiiig unusual or 'fast.' " , ' ' This was true, Aunt Agatlin noknow- lodgod, and I saw tho consideration of Colonel Trovollian's sanction lmd woight ; nnd when our oauso wus bucked up by a visit from Mrs. Simpson in person I know our expedition was secured. Aunt Agatha sighed nnd hesitated and worried, but was not proof against Mrs. Simpson and Fanny una her seoret desire to givo lier darlings pleasure. " I shall ho very, vory glud to see you safe baok ugain," sho said, solemnly, as she parted from us at tho station. "And I do hopo you will hnvono dieagreeublo adventures whilo you are away." "What 'udvonturoB' does tlie dear old lady expeot will befall you?" laughed Mrs. Simpson, into whose chargo Aunt Agutha had anxiously consigned us ; " hut mind now, you girls, no outoliing cold. I shall nover hear tlio end of it if you como buck witli g sneeze or a cough. Please remember, Miss Fanny, no going out on balconies after a dnnco, as you did at tho Morris's party with Captain Graham." " I had my olonk on," said Fanny, bluBh- ing hotly ; "and it was only for a fow moments, just whilo Captain Graham showed 1110 whoro Orion's belt was in the sky." "Yes, my love," said Mrs. Simpson serenoly. " 1 1 know a great many girls liuve gone nut on baloonics to seo thn stars ; you need liot'blush about it. Only, tho ovonings aro cold now, and even in a eloak, twenty minutes is a long timo to stay in tlio open sir after a waltz, and Mrs. Simpson buried licrsolf in hor railway novel, whilo poor Fanny blushed reddor than ever. Only girls who havo led us quiet a lifo ns ours cuii understand what a plunge into the great world it seemed wlion wo arrived at the lurgo bustling hntel, our first experience of such a halting place. Tlio long corridors of apurtmcuts seemed bewildering to our unuc- oustoined eyes, but Mrs. Simpson bustled along with tlio aplomb of an old traveller, criticising tlie rooms and giving orders to her maid. "Thero is your bedroom, dears," sho said; " next' but 0110 to the stuircuse you see; und mine only two doors off, Moxon (hor muid) is overhead, and I liuve engaged a privuto sitting-room downstairs. I wanted to havo all our rooms en suite, but tlie bull bus filled up tlie'hotel, and I hud to tako what I could get, but all our bedrooms are comfortable." Ours at least, appeared luxurious to our unsophisticated eyes, nnd wo rejoiced at the prospect of making our bull toilettes with tho unncoustomcd nid of largo cheval glasses and candles fixed to tlie mirrors, unc to speak of tho unwonted indulgence of a blazing firo in tho grate. Wo thoroughly enjoyed tho dinner in the coffee-room (suoh a new experi ence to us to dine amid a orowd of strangers), and tho evening passed pleasantly in tlmsnug privato sitting-room, where Fanny, who was very musical, played and sang to our kind hostess. " And now girls, I shall send you off to hod," said Mrs. Simpson, nstliocloek struok ton, " for I want you to havo all your roses nt the hnll to-morrow. You remember tho number of your bedroom." "Oh, yos," said Funny, confidently ; "besides 1 should always know itbyits being so oloso to tlio stuircuse," nnd wo found our way baok readily enough. Fanny, who was tired, was quiokly ensconced in bed, but I lingorod over tho firo, toasting one font nftor the other, and enjoying my Hew surroundings. " Agnes," said my slstor, suddenly sitting up in bod, "did you bring up my musio portfolio?" " Nb, I thought you had." "Then. it's loft downstairs," said Fanny, axoitodly, "and it may ho lost; and thoro is that MS pieeo of musio whioh Mr. Rigby lout mo to copy ou iny .solemn promise that I would tuko euro of it. It's his lust com position, and ho means to sell it for a largo sum." - " Mr. Rigby is always meaning to soli liis musical compositions," I romurked somewhat disrospoctfullyi for I did not sluiro Fanny's professed admiration for our local organist (her musio toucher), witli whom my sister had long carried on ono of her many domuro .flirtations. "Woll, I can't liit that portfolio ho nbout downstairs," replied Fanny, sinking hack 011 her pillows. "Agnos, you have not be gun to undress yet — you must fetoli it." ' I domurred at first, hut nobody ever succeeded hi withstanding Fanny. Witli somo tropidation ut traversing 1110ns what soomcd to mo liko a gigantic beo-hivo, I threaded my way by pus-ages and staircases until I found tlio sitting-room wlicro Mrs. Simpson was still drowsily reading hor novel, repossessed myself of tho portfolio, und rctrucod my stopB bedwards. Ab I rail up tho stuircuse I remembered that I had not liotioed tho numbor on our bedroom door ; hut I was suro of tlio position of tho room, .oloso to tho stairs, and I also recollected that, out side tlio next door to ours, wus a pair of boots. I was too iuoxporienccd a traveller to know thnt this landmark is but a misleading ono ut any hotel. Yes, tlioro woro tho hoots, this our door, und I opened it confidently, hut hud seureoly entered tho iipartiucnt bofore I saw I liud mudo a inistako. Tho bedohnmbor was fur nished much liko the one we ocoupiod, and a cheerful firo burned in tho grate ; but our room had not a tall, curtained showor-butli standing ill one corner, nor half-opened portrauuteaux lying about tho room. I hastily turned to rotreat, when oil, horror ! 1 hoard a atop— a man's — on tlio threshold. It is a universally ucooptod maxim that hasty notions aro always foolish ones. Ill my flurry I did about the silliest thing I could under tho eircuinstunoos. Instead of turning to face tlio ontrnnt of the upnrtmentand explain iny accidental intrusion, I yielded to tho wild desiro to conceal myself; and .duBhpd behind tlie curtains of tho showor- hatli. In unotlior moment my rotreat was cutoff.. A gontloman, who lind apparently luigored outside for a moment to kick off hiB boots (us lie cntorod in liis stocking foot), came iii with an oasy air of ownership und — iookod the dour behind him ! Hero was a pleasant predicament for me. By tho light of tho cundlo which tlio stranger curried I now fully perceived that this was quito a difforont room to ours ; and thon tho thought flushed lioross mo thiit I had usoonded moro stairs than I had descended ; hud, in faot, entered an apartment u floor too high. Oh ! to sink through the flooring to our own rightful olmmbor, whoro, just under my foot. Funny was tranquilly sleeping. I have gono through somo trying oxporienccs ill my life time, but I think I novor passed a moro " inauvais quurt d'heuro " than I ondured iu thut shower- hatli. Tho young mail whoso nnartmont I had thus unceremoniously invaded was not appar ently 111 liny hurry to go to bed. Ho poked the firo and made himself comfortable by discarding liis coat for 1111 elaborate dressing- gown, put on his slippers, und sat down boforo tlio grate, wliilo I hold my hreuth and shivered bohind tlio hath curtains. What had I bettor do? Wait until tlio stranger was ill bed and then slip out in tho durkncBs, or reveal myself, and trust to his uecepting my explanation of iny mistake ? But supposo I10 doolincd to do this ; supposo he suspeoted mo of having concealed myself in unotlior person's room for dishonest purposes, and accused me of attempted lnrceny of his possessions ; or supposing lie talked of tlio muttor— said that ho hud found a young lady hidden in liis room. I turned faint und siok at the awful possi bilities my imagination oonjtired up. Fanny and I hail been assiduous olundestlue perusers of novols, and my idouB of tho world had been ohlofly formod from tlioso tonohors. Supposo now that I rovoalod mysolf, and thut this gentleman was apparently ull urbanity anil kindness, and promised to koop my mistake for ovor a soorot, was it not moro than prob able that ho would luter on "unmask him- solf " into the typical villain of fiotldn, und (by tlio forco of my guilty soorot) eitlior oblige ino to marry liim .when I wus in lovo witii somcono olso, or "linunt my path" when I wus happily murried, una extraot monoy from me, und make my oxistenoo a. burden, und ovon drivo mo to the extremity of push ing him down a woll, or giving him poison, in order to free myself from his perseoutions P Suoh incidents wero very familiar to mo from my course of novel reading. Did tho man look liko u person capable of suoh acts? I cautiously peoped ut liim through my ourtiins. He wus young und good-lookhig. F decided that he had "an uir of dissipation " nbout him, and wus quito capable of playing the traditional role of tho villain in tho novel. I have sinoo come to tho conolusion that this judgment was ulikn unfounded und uncharitable ; hut I should huve dubbed tho Archbishop of Canterbury as a prohablo.roue under similar circumstances. Aud all this timo " tho wroteh," us I indig nantly called him in my heart, But toasting himsolf bofore the fire, in snug und uncuii- soiduB (ierbnity, while I tremblod und agon ised a fow foot away. What would Aunt Agatha say if this dreadful story ever onmo to hor eurs P Had not hor forebodings uhout "un advonturo" been too prophotio? With a gujlty thrill I remembered how I had 01100 heard my kind old.rolativo, discussing hor nioces witli au old orony, romurk, "Funny ia the prettier and tho cleverer of tlio two, but she is .just a trifle | giddy ; now Agnes is so steudy I can trust nor anywhoro." : ' A nige adventure ilio " stondy " nieoo. had got into now. I was boginning to form 11 wild hopo that the ownor of tlio apartment might prove, despite my bad opinion of -liis churaetor, to bo an individual of pious liubitsi If. lie. would only kneel down to say I (lis pruycrs by the bodsido, I might make a dush for tho door whilo bo wus tlius onguged. But, ulue, lio showed 110 sign of thus doyoiitly em ploying himself. On tho contrary, ho rose nt length from his chair, rolled up a cigarette, and sat down to smoke it, loaning towards tho chimney, I suppose to prevent, tlio smell of tohucco being observed in the corridor. Muttors how begun to approach their" climax. I have always possosscd whut Aunt .Agatha called "it sonsitive throat;" 11 very littlo mutter suffiood to irrituto my larynx and set me coughing. Tobacco smoko invariably thus uffeoted me, and when I saw the oigarottc lighted I gave myself .up to despair. Vuijily did I ornm my hundkorohiof into my mouth ; tho irritating, pungent vapour soon uffeoted mo ; a' uough was simply irrepres sible— "Ugh! Ugh!" "Hullo !" cried tho young man, jumping up abruptly, " who's thoro P" It is necdloss to say I did not inform him. I stuffed more of my hundkorchlef into my mouth, but still camo a stifled and choked "Ugh!" ' ' ' . .Tlio gentleman seized the poker and ad vanced to whonco tho Bounds prquoeded. " Como out there, I say." 1 shrank further. Thero was a moment's pause. ' It has struck me since that the young man was dis creetly hesitating whether lie should cull lot' assistance, or grapple singio-liandcd with tho supposed burglar ; hut a louder cough (I was nearly suffocated now) apparently deoided him. Brandishing tlie poker, lio toro usido tho curtains whioh shrouded my place of con cealment. A Btiddon inspiration cumo to me. Springing out of tho hath, I jorked tlio string, and a delugo of cold wntor descended upon my pursuors hoad and urni, which I10 lmd thrust forwurd under tlie bath canopy. I heard Bomo words — well, not dovout ones — but my ruso had succeeded. Beforo tho young man had recovered his breath, I hud dashed to tho door, unlnokcd it, nnd mado good my oscupe. Turn 0' Sliantor, pursued by tho witches, did not scamper faster tlmn I did along tlio corridor und down tlio staircase, until I reached tho haven of my own room, whore I olcotrified Funny by my abrupt entrauoo nnd subsequent fit of hysterics. ; It was somo minutes beforo slio "brought mo round," .as.. she. phrased it, by., copious libations of cold water, and some shnkings und scoldings. AU tho iiotel seemed now - astir — bolls rang, footsteps echoed along the passages, voices woro hoard in inquiry und urgumcut. I thought it somewhat unfeeling, of Funny, when slio bad learned my story, to go into such fits of laughter thnt I funded- sho would bo tlio noxt hystorieul patient. ... " Oil, Agues, you groat, greut goose," she cried, amid her merriment, and she fairly rolled among tho pillows in fresh accessions' of laughter. "I am glud you find my advonturo so amusing," I remarked rather stiffly. "I don't know if Mrs. Simpson will think it equally funny." "Sho must novor know a word nbout it," said Funny, sobered at onco and sitting up in bed; "now remember that, Agnos. It is mifortunulo thut you can't ho trusted to tako euro of yoursolf, but you uood not make tho thing worso by talking about it. "Why, Mrs. Simpson might be afraid of keoping you at tlio liotol ; a girl who can't find hor own way to her bodroom." And here Funny bogan to giggle. I nm afraid sho wus puying off old scores, romoin- boring tho occasions 011 whioh my "steadi ness " and " discretion " had been hold up to her us an oxuuiple. A knook onmo at tlio door, und Moxon, Mrs. Simpson's maid,' entered. "Missus sends her love, young ladies, nnd bids mo remind you thut it's always right to look your bodroom door ut night in nnliotol. That's nil missus's mcssugo; but thero," oricd Moxon, giving way to emotion, "you may just as woll know all tho truth, though missus did say, 'Don't frighten tho young ladies by telling them.' But tho truth is, miss," turning to mo, " tlioro's a burglar, 1111 armed burglar, rampuging about tho hotel this hlglit, und no ono knows whero lie's hid hisself. A young gentleman on tho floor abovo found him eroiielicd in his shower bath, of all places, and tried to drag him out, but tlio ruffian lio fought dosporato and liroko away, aiid 110 one's ouught him ; so look your door, dear young ladies, if you dou't want your throats out boforo morning;" A gurgling sound procoeded from tlie bed, I know Funny was trying to stifle her laughter under tho bcdolothes. " Don't tako on so, Miss Fanny," Baid Moxon, encouragingly. " I'vo como to say I'll stay all night to keep yoii company. I can lio quite comfortable on the sota with a blanket." " Ob, you noedn't do that," I replied, and Fanny oliimed in, " we nhull do very well;, thank you." " Tlion, ' young ladies," said Moxon do- sporatoly, "if you don't want mo to stay for your sakes, I'd liko, begging your purdon, to stuy for my own. I daren't lio alone in a room to-niglit, nnd that's tho truth. If tlie burglur comes in hero, he ouu't kill us ull three at onco, nnd whilo he outs ono of our throats, tho others cun screech out for help. But if I'm all alone " "But liow about Mrs, Simpson, Moxon," said Funny. "Missus wouldn't linvo me with her," snid tlio Abigail, in an injured tone. "I went to hor first, us in duty bound, But sho only luughs, and tells mo of the dangers sho ran in India— moro reason not to tompt Providonee again now I'm thinking ; hut anyway if's missus's own freo ohoico to be loft to tho burglar. Now young lndios, lifo is sweet to ino, and I'vo a futhor und muthor to think of." "Stuy liy all means then," said Fanny; "and I hopo, when tho burglar begins to out our throats, lie will tuko mino Inst." I am afraid pqor Moxon passed a rnthor restlofs night, and I know slio afterwards wondered tliat we could " sleep su ui. :un- cornod." Mrs. Simpson mado light of tho burglnr story wlion slio mot ns iu the morning, pro bably anxious not to nlann ua ; but I had tho opportunity of hearing tho adventure de- soribed by an oyo-witnoss. Not boing a mnn, I oun novor sit on a jury, but with tho oxporionoo of my hotel adventure in my memory, I should always bo vory ouutious of orcditlng a witness's identifica tion of un individual whom ho has only scon for u momont under oiroumstanoes of exoitcr ment. At the tablo next to ours in the ooffec- room woro souted tlireo ladiea, who woro uftorwards joined by tho vory young uuu whose countcuuuoe I had had such full opportunity of studying on the prerioid. night. From thoir after conversation I ' gathered thut tho purty woro acquaintances who lmd accidentally mot ut the hotel, though I fancy ono of tlio young ladies— and hor mother — woro anxious to ripen this acquaint ance with the gentleman into a much closer connection. Viewed dispassionately, in tho light of day, tlio hero of my udventuro a quiet-looking youth onougli, though probably moro blest with monoy than brains. Tlie indies began plying him with sympathetic in quiries about. " tho burglar." "Aw, yes; faot is that I found tho follow in my shower-bath," responded tlio young mini. " Manager of hotel makes light of it, of course ; says it must have been u practical joke, if it wasn't iny fanoy altogothor : says that all tho outer doors were safo, 'portorin tlio hnll, nnd all tliat, servants quite trustworthy ; but I actually saw the follow." "And struggled with him," sighed ono of tho young ladies. " Well, not exactly," admitted the youth, witli u candour for which I respected hiln, "you seo he played suoh a shabby friok; pulled tho string of tho shower-bath and dowsed me with cold water. Bofore I could get my breath lio had bolted." " What was he like '?" inquired one of the listoners with deep interest; "would you know him aguin ?" " Woll, I can liurdly say. Ho was a tall, ruffianly-looking follow, with dark hair. I don't think I10 had a heard " — I cortainly had not—" but I remember a lifo-preserver or a loaded stick in his hand. I could swear to that." Fanny's black musio portfolio, tied in « roll, hud evidently .caught his eye. " And tlie manager does not believe that thoro was a burglar at all ?" " Woll, to toll the truth, I don't think he doos. Ho's civil enough, but I am sure ho fancies I foil asleep ovor tho fire, woke up thinking .there wuh somo ono in tho room, and pulled tlio string of tho bath mysolf in a flurry. However, I know what I saw." I dared not look at Fanny whilo this reeitul was in progress, but we did not betray our selves. The. alarm gradually died down, and I fancy tho munuger succeeded in impressing his own view of tho matter on most of the hotel visitors ; anyway 110 ono was troubled by a second visit from the "tall, ruffiunly fellow with dark lmir." I boro tho burdon of my secret until the day bofore our departure, and then mudo a clean breast of it to Mrs. Simpson, Fanny yielding a griidging'eonsoiit. "You uro so vory silly, AgneB," sho was kind enough to rcmurk, " that if you don't toll Mrs. Simpsou you are pretty suro to let it all out to Aunt Agatha, and thon " Mrs. Simpson looked a little gruvo at first, but ended in luughing at iny confession. "'All's well that ends well,'", sho re marked, "hut it might havo proved on pwkward predicament. I am thankful you escaped without being recognised. However, I shall bo uurcful ubout taking' inexperienced young ladies to hotels aguin ; I ought to have mado suro thut you know tho number of your room, uud would bo purtiotihir ubout finding it. Yos, my . dear, I agreo with Funny, it would not bo woll to toll aunt about this little advonturo, it would only worry her " " And limko hor worry us," said undutiful Funny. But Mrs. Simpson said gravely. " All, you girls don't understand ; it might have proved no laughing matter." So tlio "mystery" remained uuoxpluined, nnd I inn afraid' tho poor young muu whoso loom I hud invaded rested, iu tho eyes of tlie munuger and tho hotel guests, .under tho un just imputation of having "fancied" the presence of a all-anger iu liis bedroom, per haps of having indulged this fancy after dining and drinking "not wisely, but too woll." Many years have floated by sinoo that eventful ovoning. Kind Mrs. Simpson uud gontlo Aunt Agntlia uro ut rest undor tlie daisies. Funny is 11 grandmother, and my own lifo bus not beon un uneventful one. I am an old truvollor and Iiotel liabitnoe now, but. I novor sojourn at 0110 of these places and glnnco at tlio number of my bedroom door but I think of tho "advonturo" which befoll me in my girlhood, on tho occasion of my first visit to 1111 hotel. 