CHAPTER XII. It was the very next day after tins strange encounter that the incident occurred before alluded to, which roused to the keenest pitch the terrors of the inhabitants of the hitherto peace ful neighbourhood. The beautiful property named the Ruins was situated about four miles from Thorpclcigh Court, and now belonged to the father of Reginald Oiford, the latter being the young man to wkctn Godfrey Byng had announced his intention of committing suicide. There was not a residence for miles round kept in more perfect order than the Ruins—the ruins proper, how ever, being about a mile distant from the dwelling, and stretching over an angle of the park, within which they werc enclosed. The broken, gray, and. mullioned windows, the shattered arches and ruined gateways spoke as to the former grandeur and antiquity of the place; nor was Mr. Oiford, seuior, a little proud to possess in his demesne such striking remains of the ancient for tunes of an old family. When the moon shone over the gray walls aud 'iyy-mautlcd towers,' the Ruins wero very imposing aud eerie. It is needless to say that they owned their own ghost, and if ever ghost had a right to make people uueomfortable, the spirit hauutiug this place might be par doned for so doing. In point of fact he had been treated unfairly, and was con tinually demanding reparation, which, as years passed on, alas, he still failed to obtain. In revenge he haunted the place, as the country folk believed, and none among them would pass near the' decaying building at nightfall. The present owner had purchased the place before he kuew the story con nected with it, and it certainly made liirn very uncomfortable when it was related to him. But the deed was done, the purchase completed, aud he had taken possession of the property some six months when he heard the talc, which was on this wise : A certain Sir Godfrey Byng (quite a recent ancestor of the Godfrey Byng who figures in this narrative) had died childless, bequeathing all the funds belonging to him at the time of his death to 'his cousin and kinsman, Godfrey Byng.' The poor gentleman had met with a serious accident in the hunting field, aud had not much time in which to dispose of his possessions, so that a solicitor from the town near at hand, instead of the family legal adviser, was hastily summoned to the dying man, and the latter dictated to him— notwithstanding the pain he was in— the manner in which his wealth was to be disposed of. At that time the Godfrey Byng of the present narrative was but ten years of ago, and knew nothing of what had happened to affect his future. But his relatives rejoiced in the hoy's prospects, for old S:r Godfrey had died very rich ; and no less a sum than eighty thousand pounds in hard cash would fall by-and by to young Godfrey's share. It was to accumulate till he was of age. But in'the midst of these great ex pectations—that is to say whoa the heir was. nearly fourtocn and at Eton, another Godfrey Byng rose up, and claimed the wealth which undoubtedly had been intended for the boy then at school. This other Godfrey had appeared from New York (where he had settled some years previously), and he had no diffi culty in proving that he, too, was ' a kius mau and cousin' of old Sir Godfrey. The latter, he declared, had meant him to be the recipient of the eighty thousand pounds, with the accumulated interest, and in terrible consternation the rela tives of the Eton hoy perceived that the newcomer would probably establish his claim. For, as wo have seen, our Godfrey had another baptismal name, • Godfrey Ronald,' and this second name had not been inserted in the too hurriedly written will. It was the deceased Sir Godfrey who had remem bered in his dying moments that there might be trouble concerning the omis sion, which he earnestly desired to rectify. The solicitor had gone home ; it was two o'clock iu the morning; Sir Godfrey's strength was ebbing fast. "With his failing breath the dying man appealed to those about him to write a statement to the effect that by the Godfrey Byng mentioned in his will he intended to designate his young cousin, Godfrey Ronald Byng, hut that the haste with which the bccpicst had been made, together with the physical pain he was enduring* had occasioned the omission of the second baptismal name Ronald. The medical man present instantly drew up the statement, and hardly had Sir G odfrey appended his signature when lie became unconscious, and soon after wards expired, in the beautiful old mansion which lie owned, and to which he had been tarried. •Relatives who had been telegraphed for arrived soon afterwards, us did also the solicitor who had drawn up the will, his opinion being unhesitatingly given that the explanatory letter, duly attested, Jould obviate all danger of the American cousin succeeding in. establish ing any claim. This precious attestation as to the testator's intentions was then placed iu u small tin box, and was con fided, in the presence of those assembled, to the bauds of the solicitor. It was late when the latter left the house ; a cold moon was shining and a brisk wind blowing. His way lay through the park, the path running close by the ruins, whose crumbling arch ways and dim gateways wore such a picturesque appearance that the lawyer paused, leaning over a wall, and gazed at the black shadows contrasted with the white moonlight. The solitude was complete, the beauty of the ruins euehantiug. In the still, fresh, early morning a clock struck three. What followed exactly the lawyer could not describe, for he was suddenly struck from behind, and fell, rolling down the slope, and losing consciousness from the force of the blow. •When he recovered the moonlight was still playing on the ancient gate ways and arches, but the shadows were not quite thrown across the same angles, for nearly an hour had elapsed since he had fainted. He raised himself with difficulty, and then felt- for his watch. It was gone, as well as the money he had had with him; also his diamond ring, and alas, the small case containing the dead Sir Godfrey's explanation of his last wishes. It was at once recognised that the loss of the deed was a serious one. Same reasonable hope, however, was cherished of recovering it; for the thief could hardly have been cognisant of its existence, and the ease might have clattered down among the ruins, which diligent search might reveal. If it was not discovered, however, then would that other Godfrey llyng, not intended to benefit by the bequest, be able to claim ? There were witnesses who could make oath as to the testator's request during his last moments; would such testimony have weight sufficient to set aside the legal technicality of the point ? He felt unable to satisfy his doubt—a court of law must decide that. It was aii unfortunate occurrence. Cold and shaken though he was, besides having received some bad bruises, he was early at the spot by daylight," accompanied by two police officers. Very diligent search was made OTer a wide area of We ruins, for if the tin ease had struck the wall it might have rebounded to a good distance, and be far from the spot where it had escaped his hold. The> -arched then iii seemingly impossible places for the box, and it was many days before the effort to dis cover it was abandoned. A reward was then offered for its restoration, with its contents intact, and a free pardon to the thief. But this, too, failed in effect. Moreover, the story became known far aud wide. It was after this that the ruins were reported to be haunted. Years passed on, aud in course of time the two witnesses to Sir Godfrey's signature of the important letter he had dictated, died, and then it was that Godfrey Bycg, of New York, put in his claim, and made it good. He succeeded in obtaining legal judgment in his favour, and at the expiration of the remaining six years it was he, and not the Godfrey ltonald Ryng wc have road of here, to whom the money was awarded. Perhaps had this grievous disappoint ment never fallen to his lot, the w:iu who loved Hiss Thorpeleigh would have grown up less reckless and prone to despair. The remembrance of his losa overshadowed his last years at school and college, and gradually he had taken to betting ou horses, losiug—winning— losing; with the fatal result of getting into bad habits and falling into debt, till here he was—as we have sceu—• virtually an outcast, driven to escape • bis creditors and his troubles by a resolve to take his own life, aud then by hiding himself in a menial capacity. •. Once more circumstances had ousted him from the poor employment be had found and he was adrift without a friend, since he could not accept Margaret's aid, and was without a character. But in all his woes, one consolation remained to him. No one save Mar garet suspected his identity with the presumed suicide, Godfrey Byng. "When Margaret returned to her magnificent residence, broken-hcavled, yet with hope lingering in her crushed life, she took a new resolution, and this resolve would have saved her, hut for that new and stange occurrence which roused the indignation of all the county, and of which we shall hear presently. She had thought that by-aml-by—a year hence, perhaps—Godfrey would write to her, and then, come what nnght, she would bring him back. Overcome by the constancy u£ her affection, he would consent to all her wishes, and they would begin together a new life, while she would be the happiest woman under the sun. .So she . reasoned, not dreaming of the further blow which was to fall. Meantime, Emmie, Leigh Furrowcs, and Martin, now that the excitement they had undergone had passed off, and they had to meet the consequences of their midnight escapade, felt restless and dis pirited. Fur not one of them dreamed of escaping the measure which would be severally dealt out to them. It was just before the return of Martin's father and mother that Mr. Olford, senior, owner of The Ituins, returned one warm night in early autumn from town. On such occasions he made a point of sending any lhggage home by the road, while he walked across liisownparkbya shorterroutc. ' Nobody shall say that I fear to court the ghost of poor Sir Godfrey,' he would remark, 1 and in time 'I hope to make some im pression on the foolish rustics here.' lint he took care never to carry money, or liis watch; for though he did not dread ghostly visitants, lie was aware that earthly ones might lurk, with no good intent, behind the ruined walls he had to pass. Still, so many years had now elapsed since the lawyer, Mr. Leyton, had been knocked down and robbed, that the fear of the recurrence of such a thing had long since died away. In the course of twenty years one does forget. Not imagining danger of any kind, Mr. Olford came on at an easy pace. The ruins, ever majestic and beautiful, were never more imposing than they were in this soft light. He was pleased anew to feel that they were his own, and that he could leave thun to his son, Reginald, after him. Accoid ingly his eyes rested on the clustering ivy, and the fretwork of stone, the clear sky showing through the framework the arches. ■ _ [to ar cohTLsoao x|<w' ' 