YICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF ST. PATRICK'! COLLEGE. MELBOURNE. The Rev. Frank Keogh, S.J., has returned from Tasmania, and has been appointed to the position of Rector of St. Patrick's College, Bast Melbourne. FEAST OF THE ASSUMPTION. In several of the city and suburban churches the Children of Mary Association have been making a novena in preparation for the great feast of the Assumption of Our Blessed Lady, which occurs on Sunday (to-morrow). The Ladye Chapel at St. Francis' Church is being specially adorned for this festival of the Blessed Virgin Mary, quantities of flowers, candles,, etc., being sent in by the faithful for that purpose. ST. PATRICK'S SODALITY OF THE B.V.M. The weekly meeting of the above sodality was held in the lecture hall f of the college on 30th ult; the prefect (Dr. A. L. Kenny, K.G.G.) in the chair. There was a. full attendance of members, and a considerable number of visitors, amongst whom were several clergymen. The item on the syllabus was a lecture by Mr. W. B. Tappin on Architecture. In the course of a very interesting and instructive address, Mr. Tappin gave "a brief and lucid history of the various styles of architecture, from the earliest period down to modern times. Notwithstanding the technical nature of the subject, the lecturer sustained the interest of the audience to the close of his address, and by the aid of a number of drawings, executed during the progress of the lecture, gave a clear insight into the various developments of classic architecture, and the infinite variety of artistic detail which cli"! a terised the several orders of the art. v r. Tappin was loudly applauded at 'he close of his address. A cordial vote of thanks to the lect|»«r; was proposed by Mr. taird^ ^econ^ed by Mr. Toohey, and was .supported ; by Frs. Cahill and O'Doherty, ajid ; ,M[r. P. S. J/'earon. AU the gentlenwp named would favour tbfem Wlthiri6&Wj;<iclure on the same subject on a future occasion. The vote of thanks was carried by acclamation. Mr. Tappin suitably acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting adjourned. ST. MONICA'S, ESSENDON. A large meeting of St. Monica's congregation, BJssendon, was held last Sunday afternoon in the schoolroom to consider the advisability of making an addition to the church. The Eev. D. B Neylan was voted to the chair, pians, approved by the Archbishop, were submitted, and it was unanimously agreed that the one with the estimate of the architect—£400—be proceeded with. The sum of £116 is in hand, £50 is expected at the opening, and at the wish of Fr. Neylan, the balance is to remain until a bazaar has been held to reduce a debt of £1000 the convent, for which the congregation is responsible. The addition will consist of another bay, a sanctuary, a Chapel for Sisters of Charity, and two confessionals. ST. IGNATIUS', RICHMOND. At a meeting of the parish committee held last Sunday, a sub-committee was appointed to make the business arrangements for a Grand Sacred Concert, to be held in St. Ignatius' Church on Tuesday evening, 14tli September. The servi of leading artistes and of tlie choirs of other churches are being arranged fcr. The proceeds are to pay for the renovation of the organ, and its removal to the place designed for it by Mr. Wardell, the church architect, in the Lady Chapel. The Fr. Mulhall Memorial Committee have handed to Fr. Hearne, the Superior, a cheque for £208 8s lOd, which reduces the parish debt l>y that amount. The memorial tablets on the granite pillars in the church have been paid for. ST. JOHN BAPTIST'S CHURCH, CLIFTON HILL. On Sunday (to-morrow), at the last Mass, an important function will be performed at St. John Baptist's Church, Clifton Hill, by the Archbishop of Mel bourne, viz., the unveiling and blessing of three magnificent stained-glass windows just erected in the sanctuary and in the Sacred Heart chapel. The sermon will be preached by the Eev. P. O'Doherty, and the musical portion of the service will be of Bpecial excellence. Solu Spohr's Grand Maes in D will be rendered by the choir—considerably strengthened for the occasion—the prin cipals being Miss Maggie Scotson, Miss Meaney, and Messrs. Sherlock and Chas. Glennon; harp, Mrs. Lupton; 'cello, Mr. Rohld. At the offertory Gounod's " Ave Maria" will be sung by Mies Scot' son, with harp, 'cello, and organ accom paniment. In the evening Solemn Vespers will commence at 7 p.m., the preacher being the Very Rev. M. Maher, C.M. A collection will be taken up at each service in aid of the baptismal font fond. St. John Baptist's Church is one of the finest in the archdiocese, having cost over ^23,000. The foundation-stone was laid in February, 1876, by the late Arch bishop Goold, who, in February, 1882, opened the first portion of the building, The church, in its present completed state, was opened by the Archbishop of Mel bourne in March, 1893. The following is a description of the stained • glass windows -.—The great window in tbe sanctuary at the rear of the High Altar represents the Ascension of Our Lord. At the base, which consists of a ruby antique background with vine leaves, the following inscription appears: —"I ascend to my Father, and to your Father, to my God, and to your God.' The centre panel contains a faultless figure of Our Lord in the act of ascending into heaven after addressing His apostles, who are'represented in the attitude of prayer, gazing intently on the receding form of their Divine Master. In the background appears the city of Jerusalem. The glass in this and in tbe whole of the windows is of the richest antique, the blending of the colours being wonderful specimen of the glass stainer's art. The two favourite apostles, SS. Peter and John, are nearest to the ascending Saviour, and the drapery, of each figure of the finest workmanship and design. The right and left panels have a rich ruby background to denote fire, the outline being of elegant blue antique,- representing olouds. The two outer panels are floral in design, with background of blue antique. The tracery is very fine throughout, and is designed with master; ful detail,, being of ruby antfauej^tferspereed wHh groups of angels ; i6«herab form. The Eternal Father, !»t whose feet is the figure of a doye,,«pAoli»£l oi the Holy Ghost, occupies tbe, topmbst part of the 'great windb wl apcl tb®0 jihe three Divine Persons 1 ' of ^ the^ Blessed Trinity represented jn : the- scene. Angejio forms, fiorroUnd , ;tbe, Godhead, tobeseehin atay of the p^^hteSM^ uw of the colony. The two southern windows in the acred Heart chapel represent the" Good Shepherd " and-' Our £ord Appearing to St.fhomas.» These fill thefonr smAU lights, the main window in this chanel " Supper "-having been manufactured by Messrs. Ferguson and Une some time ago. The first of the lights shows the Blessed Virgin in » suppliant attitude, as if appealing to her Divine Son to protect His own flock from the wolf, a figure of the latter appearing with ravenous looks. At the baBe are these words of Christ' the Good Shepherd—"I know mine' and mine know me." The whole is snr! mounted by a rich architectural canopy of antique material. The remaining light is ocoupied by a figure of " Our Lord Appearing to St. ThomaB," to whom He addresses these words, " Be not faithless, but believing." A burning lamp suspended over the head of the apostle, who is represented in a kneeling posture, symbolises the light of faith which ever after possessed the mind of St. Thomas. Our Lord is seen display, ing His wounded hands and feet, which drew from the erstwhile incredulous apostle this act of faith, " My Lord and my God I" The tracery overhead in this light is of a delicate and exceedingly fine texture, and is floral in design. The windows were imported from the church furnishing firm of Messrs. Hard, man and Co., Birmingham, England, by Mr. Thomas E. Verga, who has presented these real works of art to the church, of which be has been a constant and munificent benefactor. The glazing of the windows was carried out by Messrs. Ferguson and Urie, the wellknown glass-stainers, of Franklin-street, who also did the whole of the glasB work connected with St. John Baptist's. GEELONG. A meeting of the stallholders and committee of the Australian Federal Carnival was held in the school-room on Friday evening, Mr. Munday occupying the chair. The announcement that the Exhibition building and large annexe had been engaged at a considerable reduction on the price charged on the occasion of the last bazaar gave general satisfaction. Miss Barry's name was added to the list of stallholders, that lady having consented to join Mrs. Tully, Miss Mathews and Miss Tuite. The 1 artunion tickets were distributed, and the appointment of an amusement committee was deferred till a future meeting. A successful and interesting lantern entertainment was given in the schoolroom last Monday evening by the members of St. Mary's Young Men's Society before a large and appreciative audience. The views shown were of a high order of merit, and much praise is due to Messrs. A. V. Rankin and W. H. Edwards, who managed the lantern. Songs and recitations were contributed by the following ladies and gentlemen .-—Misses M. Corrigan, E, Corrigan, Dineen, and Messrs. A. Demelo, P. J. Fennell, W. J. Lloyd, C. Walsh, J. J. M'Sweeney, and M'Coy Bros. A vote of thanks was passed to the performers. 