'pteroture literary cossip. I11 view of tlie notable events of June, Mr. Murray is reissuing, in a chapter forin, the " Life and Letters of Princess Alice." This book, which was edited by Princess BUST OF ' THE OUEEN. (BY PEUC1VAL BALL.) . .- ,1. Christian, had a very wide sale when it first appeared. Princess Christian has now revised it, and has added the last letter written by Princess Alice. For frontis piece there will he a portrait of the princess taken not long before her death. Some time ago there was published a novel called " Mrs. Dorothy Marvin," and written by an unknown writer. Another story from the same pen is now announced by Messrs. Innes, the title being "Fierce Heart the Soldier. " The writer in question iB Mr. J. C. Snaith, and the point of inter est iB his Buceess at an uncommonly early uge. It seems that the sale of " Mrs: Dorothy Marvin" ran to between 0000 and 7000 copies, which in any case would be remarkable for a first venture. But the book came from a youth of 17, and Mr. Snaith bus finished his second novel before reaching his 20th year. _ "A Well Meaning Woman," by Clo Graves (received through Messrs. Melviiie, Mullen and SlndeL has Been added recently to Uutchinson'B Colonial Library. In its extravagance ana tendency to caricature the story is one which resembles more a modern farcical comedy than a study of manners, but it iB smartly written in style and amusing in incident. The well meaning woman is a society lady who is infatuated with the desire to marry off her friends. She does an infinitude of harm from the most amiable of motives, but as the suffer- ing Mils upon her victims, tlie ardor of ber zeal is not much discouraged. One unfor tunate being who is afflicted with a weak ness lui "iu. sell she passes twice through the portals of matrimony, and when he is freed by the exit of the divorce court she is ready to renew efforts on his behalf, lie is saved only from the awful fate of a forward school girl by an appeal to her good feelings to marry him herself. Poppet, the school girl in question, would be an amusing char acter 111 a comedy. She lias learnt that a sure way to marriage is to compromise an eligible young man, and so she induces a cautious Scotch earl to row her out to an I island in a lake at midnight, and then man- ages to turn the boat adrift. Her intended I capture breakB away by preferring to dare I the ice cold waters of the lake to risking his i reputation and his freedom by remaining I with her. The intrusion of the serious ele ment into this medley is a mistake. The I loves of Hilary and Elizabeth are not in j keening with the rest of the scene. j "CaBsell's Family Magazine" for April contains some interesting reminiscences of Archibald Forbes, drawn from his experi- j ences as a war correspondent. During an adventurous life he has had many moving 'scapes by flood and field. He was nearly drowned in the Danube during the Russo- Turkisli war ; was under fire on several oc casions in the Franco-German campaigns; was assailed by the riff-raff of Paris Btrcets when entering the city with the Germans; and in the Servian war he, assisted by his vvllirQuU I Ttjuvi 1L V llllwluy QUCUvuwU el Cvu flogration in a powder magazine. Afghan ana' South African incidents are also con tributed. An account is given of the famous Yarrow ship building yards, on the Thames, where have been built some of the fastest vessels in the world. American belles of London Beasons are discoursed upon by a writer who is evidently well acquainted with the subject. Miss Consuelo Yznaga, who married the Duke of Manchester, was j one of the first to lead the way into the Bri tish peerage, and her example has since 1 been followed in numerous instances, among tbe latest examples being Miss Flora Davies, who married the son of the Earl of Dufferm: and Miss Vanderbilt, now the young Duchess of Marlborough. The American element is credited with contri buting much towards the gaiety, good dress ing and good looks of London society. The fiction of "Cassell's" is always interesting. The "Windsor Magazine" for April is very strong in stories. Besides a- further instal ment of Hall Caifie's Christian, which readers of "The Leader" are- now enjoying, there are a number of short tales which are cither amusing or thrilling. Arthur Morri son extracts ' from the Dorrington Deed- box another adventure of crime, and, under the title of Lauder Caine the Confes sor, Percy Andrae introduces the element of mysticism into storieB of a somewhat simi lar kind. The Ghosts of Nether Talkington and A Little Mistake are humorous. In an article bearing the title John Bull's Balance Sheet, Mr. J. Holt Schooling renders plain by means of diagrams the true condition of British finance. It iB interesting, for example, to learn that tbe income of the United Kingdom for the year ended 31st March, 1896, was nearly £102,000,000 ster ling, equal to £11,609 per hour, or, say, £3 4a. 6d. for each second of the year. In round numbers the country's income is now about double what it was at the accession of < Queen- V ictorin ; -the - population - has in creased from 26,000,000 to 40,000,000, and the national income paia into tne exenequer per head of population has, after numerous fluc tuations, resulted in itB present figures of £2 Us. 7d. per head, the expenditure per head being slightly less. More than £50,000,000 of the National Debt has been paid off during the Queen's reign. Life in a Coal Mine and Egypt of To-da>; are made attractive by numerous illustrations. There haB been a good deal of speculation as to the authorship of the recent volume on Mr. Cecil Rhodes. Accordingly' it may be stated that "Imnerialist" is neither Mr. THE NEW ELECTRIC HANSOM. (SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN.) Stead nor Miss Flora Shaw, who have been the two favorites. "Imperialist" means to remain anonymous lor the present, in de fiance either of the praise or the blame of his sketch. His name is not unknown over other writings, and he is an old personal friend of Mr. Rhodes and Dr. Jameson. A very remarkable man married one of Thackeray's progenitors, and later on bad much to do with the boy s upbringing. ThiB was Mr. Peter Moore, under Warren Hast ings the Seaior Merchant and Collector of the Assessment. He retired in 1783 with a great fortune and joined a small community of Anglo-Indiana settled at Hadley, in Mid dlesex, of which Rennell and Jane Thacke- ruy, Sylhet Thackeray and his wife, and the widowed Henrietta all were members. "There is something," observes Sir William Hunter, "very solid and English about this family party of sisters and brothers-in-law who, after a successful youth in India, settled down in early middle age to so close and affectionate an intercourse." something very solid and En-'lisb about Moore's behavior. He :!mm 1 ltJs88 into public life, and after a c'o'n«( "W cost lum £25,000 he sat IV r wl»iH through six Parliaments. I-' J;, 'V(?h$8 Moore s town residence that sLJ0® body was borne to Westminster .utl it was he who placed the mcmorin'Ri"'® i Sheridan s grave; but in 1824-25 boin. HsBl' promoter of companies, he lost bis f, llHH in the general collapse, fled to the Com '®® 1 the scapegoat for a multitude of tried to write his memoirs and died a broken exile. "MnoreY n '"MB 1 old age, it is here conjectured |lmbly supplied some touches 'tn SMr w 0ry M0f Alonel Weenie." Bu V'im! hapB the best service which he rcn.l, .... "Br his country was his guardinushin grand- nephew. Thackeray's father dill SB Calcutta m 1815; his mother marrL ' d and when the little bov of siTS, 9®, I nhoW '1 3817' J1. eVwdfathe? the' el'M' pliant hunter, and his grandmotiier klffii- been dead for some years. His p— Tgli j Moore, became his guardian, and tkt H | to the Manor House at Hadley Uin'ilf' I some of the happiest recollcctio ' j M Thackeray's childhood. Mr. Mom f v H I grand-uncle and guardian, was, in . ' ,tWi I great man of Hadley throughout XI X M rays boyhood, overshadowing the mh., H members of the family by his v , h I energy and position in Parliament and in h the financial world. Amid all l»« ln US lations and calamities he guarded tlia B'H fortune left to the orphan ThachS coming of . age in 1832, found kin3!,li are told, in possession of £20,000 'R„tfSi Moore s influence acted on the great nt.wl.® 1st in a more permanent way. At the vervH age when the impressions of the boyharS® and set into the memories of the man® Thackeray saw his guardian suddenly a",B forth from the world of wealth and l'ai lfl liament, and die an exiled bankrupt 'lvH catastrophe formed his earliest awakeuins® to the vamtas vamtatum which became tl.rM text of so much of his teaching; his kiH acquaintance with 'the old, old tale of® folly, fortune, glory, rum.' " H .Sme «?ellent stories are told of Jmvett.fl of Bajliol, m the Life, which haa iugt kn H issued. After winning the Balliol Scholar-H I ship, Jowett speedily vindicated his right H ,to be at Balliol by winning the Hertford 9 Scholarship in the year that Stanley | took the Ireland. The two early drifted H into friendship:— "Arthur Penrhyn Stanley fl was now entering on his third yaar at col- B lege, and, as his custom was, took out theB junior scholar from time to time for a walk Hj in the afternoon. On the first of these H occasions he iB said to have reported that H he never met with such a disputatious H youth. Hib surprise was not un-B natural. For many years after thisfl Jowett's appearance was juvenile in thc'fl extreme, and it was long remembered that' he first came to college in a round jacket H and with a turned down collar. This gave H to his animation in argument the greater 8 £iquancy." Yet at present Jowett was but ttle known in college, shyness and narrow 9 means combining to limit hia range of 9 friendships. He obtained relief, however, 9 by standing for and obtaining a Balliol Fel- H lowship whilst still an undergruduate. Many able men were unauccesaful, amongst fi them WickenB, whom Jowett at the time B calls "probably the. ablest man in the uni- » versity." Of him the biographers have this knew Wickens 'at home,' tells me that the S Master said to the disappointed candidate, 9 'Mr. Wickens, we have elected in preference 1 to you — a little child.' Wickens is the I accredited author of the often-quoted re- 1 partee: — Dr. Jenkyns: Mr. Wickens, I | never stand at my window but I see you 1 passing. — Wickens: Indeed, Master, I never 1 gnss but I see you standing at the win- 1 Mr. H. M. Stanley has considerably altered his famous book, "In Darkest- j Africa," for the new edition which Messm. j BnmoRon Low and Co. will shortly publish. 1 Some of the matter connected with ' the j quest, rescue and retreat" of poor Emin 1 Pasha, who in Bpite of his "rereue pre ferred Equatoria to civilisation, has lost its interest. So it is left out. Then there | 'is a new preface by the author. The neu edition, which is to be issued at a xlieap i price,- will contain all the original uluBtra- '- 'A characteristic- anecdote of Wordsworth is related in. Sir Edward Stracheria Rem;; niscences of Frederick Denison Maurice. It. was Maurice who told the writer one day' that he had met the author of 1 lie Excursion at the exhibition of the Royal Academy, and that in talking of poets, Wordsworth said of Shelley that bis Skj- lark-was full of imagination, but he. did not know so much about the actual bird as he (Wordsworth) did. .Another- story told on the same authority relates , how 1 ro- fessor Buckland, in conversation -with Cole ridge, used tlie word "Nature m a which; cdused Coleridge to exclaim: >1% do you: say (Nature when you mean God. On Dr. Buckland answeripg, , 1 tbmk it more revertnt; but you think both words have the same meaning, do you not. Cole ridge indignantly rejoined: I ana Nature the same! I think Nature is the devil in a strait waistcoat. 