DR. Wll3AiVfS': PINK TltLS' HAVE CURED MR. THOMAS JARVIS OP LOOOMOTOR ATAXIA AFTER DOCTORS AND HOSPITALS tHAVE UT TERLY FAILED. LOOOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEEN CONSIDERED INCUR ABLE Bl THE MEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS AT LAST' BEEN' CON- ; QUERED. HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PER ;:?? ?'-? FORMED. ; ? jV (From the ' Australian Workman.') In reply to tba preliminary questions, said: 'You want to know all about my case? Well; I amglad.bf an opportunity to tell you. Thajf acts may be of value to those who. are! stricken- is I was.' About five years ago, next Christmas, I mefciwith, an accident. I was badly, scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-atreeV 'Sydney. Since the accident I hare- be,en 'in failing iealtb, and after four yearsof gradual development of the malady I was forced to giv&up; my billet -at-the- Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptomB?'- . ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They wore just about as much as I could bear. ' They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones, in two in every part of me. I had no icontrole over /my bowels or bladder, and was.a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, andconl'iDe'tb.eri eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor; and lie told ma that my ease . was. ..utterly hopelogsv However, he ; gave me an . order ..'-to 'the- Diraetor of Charitable Institutions.' '\Did yon make nee of the order.?!! ; ' No; I came home and went to bed, , and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the -floor; in foot, I could not get: put of ,bedr;ul felt then 'that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give np the ghost. My doctor was -attending, me,, and did. all he could, by opium and inorphia pills;' to ease the agony I. was in. I was under' him for five or-six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Idco motor ataxy, t or., progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease or the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordiriatinjr vol untary movements. He told ma that! might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient _ kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infalliable.) Well, juitasa drowning man will grasp a straw, I grasped at an idea coveyed by the edver tuement describing the enre effected in tho case of another boiler-maker in Engand, which I read in the ' Aus tralian Workman,' by Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own;: I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though uothingwas the matter with me. It was the firstappetite.and rest I, had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taken the fith box. I can ? walk about, with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering \ny former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here? They wore . made for me before I got Dr. William's Pink Pills, but I was tos weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do.withont it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ? ? 'He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A- friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previ ously. 'lean now,' continued Jarvis, 'have' a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and yon know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work nt that trade. I air better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the charge and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, whioh the doctor gave me to deaden the excru ciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I-.no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is the renrnkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure Icwooiotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and epina( disease, njao the many dis orders which arise from an iinpoverised slate of tl)« blood, such ns anemia, pale and callow entnplexion, general muscular weakness, iiuiigcfstion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, paiua in tho back, nervous headaches, etc. Those pills arc a tonic, not a purga tire. They are genuine only with tbo fail name, Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale Peqpjp, and are sold by chemists nnd storekeepers generally, or the: Dr. Williams' Medicine Compapy, Queen's plaeCj Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d or half-aozen tor 14s 9d. ' Won't you take this seat ?' said tho gentleman in the car, rising and lifting his bat. '' No, thank you,' said the girl with the skates ovor her arm; 'I've been skating, and I'm tired of sitting down,' 