THE LATEST MARVELS OF _ SCIENCE. There was an unusually interesting collec tion of some of the latest sjcieutiiic wonders at the annual convcrsaKionoof Unv lioyal Society, held at Burlington House, London, on May 20\. In eoma way.s, perhaps (says the Wttt tninsUr Gazette), tUu most striking exhibit was Mr. Wimshurit'.s niarvcllouu electrical in fluence machine, giving a spark of 31 iu. between the terminals and of 12 ft. on the tables. It is adiiiiiaWy fitted into a double secured by buttouheaded screws, so as to be readily taken to pieces for repairs or clean ing. The largest previous machine was i lent by this veteran electrician to tho j Crystal Palace for its Commemoration Exhibitiou ; but beiug subsequently ap proached on iiehalf of the Victorian Exhilai ? tion at Earl's-court, ' he had produced the largest and finest machine of its class in the world, being three timc-3 the power of the one at Sydenhara. Apparently promising {some thing' entirely new :n the shape of a ' 1'eppor's ghost' illusion, wore tho photujrraphsof optical projections in sp:;ce, by Mr. Kric Stuart Bruce. These ai-u wry singular, lieini* repro ductions of optical images which exist only iu the air as projected by a graphoscopo. Tho instrument was exhibited in the society's eoirees of 1881) and 1S9J, and now the camera ' is wade to present to the eyo ghostlike effects in which other objects can be ^ seen through the transparency of the aerial projections. Of gieat interest to the boating man was Mr. F. - C. Atkin son's rowing indicator, showing continuous record. An ordinary indicator diagram is recorded on a strip of paper on the drum by a pencil, rotating with the oar, and moving vertically as Die pressure of the oar compresses the spring. Duiing the 'swing forward,' after a stroke has been recorded, automatic gear winds the diagram strip into anew posi tion, while other gear obtains a diagram, if desired, of only every fifth stroke. With this instrument details with regard both to style and horse-power can be sc-cured of a course of D00 strokes. Professor Silvanus Thompson exhibited an ingenious model of a Hertz wave transmission, and also two kinematic models. Sir David _ Salomons showed a wonderful rotating mirror made by the Cambridge Instrument Company. It rotates at a speed of 48,000 turus per minute. Professor Oliver Lodge exhibited a very delicate demonstration of Zeema«]s discovery of the broadening of spectrum lines by the action of a magnetic field on the source of light This wa3 perhaps the greatest novelty of the evening, as Pro fessor Lodge has only just succeeded in show ing that not only do the lines broadeu, but BpTit up into twos, threes, and even more. This may turn out to bo full of significance. 