THE TURF. Nominations for the Caltowie races cm January 27 are due on Friday. Details appear in our advertising columns. . The committee of toe A.R.C. have issued notice to those who are interested in the Ferry case' to he present at their office at 2 p.m. on Friday, when the rehearing of the case will take place. ' Mr. Allen, who was injured by bis fall with Bombastic, is not progressing so favorably as could be wished. .Another turf scandal is to be the subject of investigation by the V.X.C. committee. It is an up country case this time, and tbe matter is a serious one, says tho Arrrus. At' the last Kynetou races a rider in one of tbe events was, it is alleged, approached and offered 'certain inducements to " pull "his horse. He refused to seriously consider the matter, but the story goes he was niado "safe" in another way, as, in the course of the race bis horse was so badly interfered with that he came down. An affidavit has been made'to this effect, and witnesses bave been called by ,-the V.B.C. committee for Friday next,' when evidence will be taken. The outcome of this latest turf scandal will be awaited with some interest by sporting men, more especially as the parties said to be con cerned are well known to the racing public The unlucky horse during tho holidays was Parthenopseus, who ran four seconds—one at the .A. J.C. meeting and three at Tattersall's meeting. On Saturday he finished second to Survivor for tbe New Tear's Gift, snd later on Witchery beat bim in the Welter Handi cap. The bookmakers had a very tropical time at Epsom on Saturday, when four first and two second favoritee won. Nanette, who won the Trial Handicap at Rp-om on Saturday,. won a similar event at the January meeting of tho Epsom Club last year. Six appears to be the lucky number in racing this year. At fllemington on Friday Tapage and Norseman carried saddle-cloths numbered six, whilst at Kpsom on Saturday six was hoisted first on three occasions by Mr. Wood- John Wilson, jookev, trainer, and' rider of Heretic in the Hurdle. Bace at the recent [ Whitton races, died in the Narrandera Hospital on Friday from injuries received in the race. Heretic was 'coming borne in the last round leading by about 10 lengths,. and when at the last hurdle he slightly, touched the ! top rail Wilson was throws on bis bead and died soon afterwards. At the Hanging Bock races on New Tear's Day, writes the Woodend correspondent of toe Argus, Bischoff while running in the Hurdle Bace swerved to the left, and, besides taking tbe hurdle, . cleared the . enclosure fence, landing among the spectators. A boy named Sutton, 10 years of age, was struck on tbe head by the horse's bind foot, and sus tained a dangerous scalp wound. l)r. Smith, of Kyneton, aud Dr. Lines, of Woodend, attended to the sufferer, who had a marvel lous escape from death. Mr. J. I_e, who is an enthusiastic sports man in New Zealand, and prides himaejf upon the quality of bis jumping stock, bad toe dis tinction of running first and second in the Auckland Steeplechase on Katvuday with Levanter and King-wood. Levanter, who is a sturdy battler over steeplechases, is undoubtedly one of 'the best jumping horses in New Zealand. Last season he only won one 'race, but it was a brilliant achievement, as he carried off the' Great Northern Steeplechase by a .nose from Liberator—another of toe crac_ of that colony. The distance was three miles and a' half—the same as Saturday's race. At the same meeting Kingswood "won a selling steeplechase over throe miles, and. W- Bae got him back for 25 soys. The Boyal Stakes, value 500 soys, was won by. Gold Medallist, with Paul and _ir Launcelot in toe places. The Great Northern Derby was wan by Nestflr, by St. Leger. The winner of the Tattersall's Club Cap at B_adwick on Saturday, Fadladeen, boasts excellent breeding, being by that fine horse The Australian Peer from Lalla Bookh. - He is stoutly built,-and be bas.bis best time to come, yet, being now only a 4-year-old. He belong? to Mark Thompson, Mr. Oxenham's nrivate trainer, who prepared Waterfall for his Caulfield Cop. At.the A. J.C. meeting be won toe High Weight Welter Handicap, beating Tom, who was well backed for the Summer Cup, and in that race Fadladeen put the winner, Datnien, at bis top in the run home by a desperate challenge. On that form he stood out promisingly for the second cup, and bas justified the confidence of those who made' bim favorite by winning easily. Damian made no show, bis penalty evidently finding him out. The Merry Boy ran close tap to toe placed horses, so that be must be re covering from tbe injuries he sustained in toe accident he met with at Albury railway station. Fadladeen won the same High Weight Welter Handicap at the A. J.C. Summer meet ing of 1895, but never once in 11-other races thathe started for did be manage to. win. The veteran Victorian borer, Abe Hicken, is retuttimg to England, and taking with bifn his son, a light-weight jockey, 'who .has been riding for Mr. S. Q. Come, but who will enter Porter's stabile at Newmarket aa an appren tice. Young Hicken only stales 6 st. 10 lb. Abe Hicken has bad many a tough encounter, and in the majority of cases came off a winner, but according to, his own story toe worst doing he ever had was by a ghost, or spring heeled Jack, who knocked him down and jumped upon bim late- one night in the Fittxoy Gardens, but as there was ia cargo of Walker' onboard it is no wander that Abe'got the worst of his enconnfrT with the "epiritr 