" COLONIST/ . The Judge Advocate's Protege. , A Charming Fellow. "A Lucrative Appointment -Mr. Old- I ham's Troubles-Was Dolly Poi soned ?— Pootlo Blackmail- An ' Unlucky Moment — More Poetry - Savon Years' . LProse— A Plurallat— Loyal Odes— Exit. Among the men who figured promi nently In the early days of Sydney sot j cjety was Mr. Michael Massey Robin son. attorney, who arrived on Mav IS, 1<98\. by the same vessel, the Barwell, which conveyed Mr. Richard Bore, JUtige Advocate. As sohn as Mr. Bore, after landing, had formally opened his commission, he, with che Governor's approval, appointed his esteemed fel low- passenger to be his secretary and chief clerk, a position which Governor Hunter described- as "very lucrative and distinguished," and as affording 'every prospect of aiuuenco and hap piness," Tne fortunate circumstances and happy qualities of mind to which Mr. Robinson owed so enviable n si tuation deserve some detailed descrip tion. He had not, like Mr. Bore, been appointed to his excellent post by the Bl uish, authorities prior to departure from his native land. He had, by his own natural gifts of mind and charm of manner, gained the esteem and con fidence of Mr. Dore while n fellow- passenger with that high official; who had sufficient discrimination to appre ciate his abilities — anilities which sub sequently stood him in good stead. Mr. Robinson was not even a saloon pas senger. On board the Barwell he occu pied a situation entirely remote and detached from the convicts whom the ship was conveying to New South Wales, sharing .in a mess with the petty officers — the boatswain, gunner and steward— where he was further distinguished by having sent to him daily A BOTTLE OF WINE AND A COVER I from the captain's table. Mr. Robin son was evidently a most remarkable man, since ho owed all these comforts, ! as well as his gratifying appointment on landing, to his own personal endow ments, .he having started on the voyage . on an equal footing with the other con victs. He had, according to a letter' written home by another passenger, and published at the time, so "happily In gratiated himself with the captain and officers as to win all these indulgences on board." When Governor Hunter; in compliance with Judge Advocate Bore's emphatic recommendations, ap proved' of Mr. Robinson's appointment to the position of secretary and chief clerk to that gentleman, he also grant ed him a pardon' in the qualified form of a conditional emancipation. That was, in effect, how Mr. Robinson be came a free man In New South Wales, liut wns liable to the rigors of the law — death, as 'a prisoner returned frorii transportation before the expiration of Ills sentence— If he went to Great Bri tain. This the_Govornor conceded' to Mr. Do're's urgent and repeated solicita tions, that hlgli .judiciary functionary having urged, with a refinement of deli cacy, that lie could not sit easy at his duty at the name table with Mr. Robin son under his "degrading circumstan ces" as a prisoner of the Crown. In other words Judge Advocate Dore would feel it' humiliating to consort with the perpetrator ol' a felony, not be cause lid was a' criminal, but because he was nominally suffering the punishment of Ills crime. What that crime hart been Governor Hunter, in explaining the transaction', mentioned that he was riot aware. Particulars of that kind illrt not, at the time, accompany the lists of prisoners sent out. But that Mr. Bore arid others knew Is beyond ques- t'lbn, since the writer of- the letter above referred to) gives, the information, off hand,, referring to "Mr. Robinson, the attorney, whose MEMORABLE ATTACK UPON MR. OLDHAM produced so memorable a prosecution against lilm." So memorable, In fact, was Robinson's crime considered at the time that it has been preserved In the lawbooks as a specimen or sample. The facts are, brielly, us follow: One Oldham served. an apprenticeship to Daniel Dolly, a stove manufacturer, In Holborn, and In 1774 was ndmitteil a pai'i.iif i. About three years later Dol ly tiled. Nasty rumours immediately became current, and Oldham sued the author of them and gut a verdict of £500. ,Ho married Doily's widow, and the rumours were revived, but they gradually died away, nnd Mr. Oldham had prosperity and pence till January, 1796\. when he received by penny post a letter enclosing a paper In the form of- a frontispiece to a book. It hud a broad, black margin round 11, and pur ported that "on the Saturday follow ing would be published 'A Dismal Etch ing of Old Ham New Dressed, or Dolly's Ghost Cooking Up a Black Desert: with Two' Mottoes, one, "put! Damned Spot." the other, "I Could a Tale Unfold.'" It also contained a few pages of the supposed M S. In verse, from the words of which the charge alluded to was plainly to be Inferred, together with other " gross and scandalous allusions upon the subject. The letter was sign ed "ILK.," dated oh the preceding Jay. anil Intimated that the piece to which the enclosed paper referred lind been -put 'in the hands of the writer many months before by a prisoner in tile lloot, who was himself incapable of ushering it into the world: that the death of that person caused the M.S.. to he mislaid, but that having repented- ly been called upon by the widow of deeeaocd to make some use of it' as a I thought it desirable to take this step, supposing fr.din what he hail heard of Mr. Oldham's character that lie would sooner administer to the sup port ol' a forlorn- and helpless family than urge anyone else, as then' friend., to the- publication of' such a -work lor their relief. A reply by advertisement was demanded,' falling which the matter would be allowed to take It; course, Mr. Oldham simply set. A TRAP FOR THE WRITER. | He. inserted the advertisement, drew forth .'additional letters, and so managed that Mr. Robinson was caught .remov ing a. letter from a p'.r.ce fixed upon in the. correspondence. Robtnson was brought to trial, and liis defence was that- lie was acting for one Read, and liad called for the letter by Read's In structions. But ho could not give any account of Read, and all the letters. &c..; wer sworn to he In his handwriting. He was found guilty, and sentenced to transportation. Had the jury been aware, that he had a. gift of verse-writ ing that would doubtless have confirm ed their assurance of his guilt, since, It will be remembered the specimens ol! the threatened, publication were In verse. Thanks to Ills abilities and fascinat ing manners.', transportation had become for the attorney only an avenue to pro sperity. In New -South Wales he was a : free man, in a position, of trust, emolu- i nient,. Influence, and almost of honour. In June, 1799, his poetic talents found an opportunity for display, an "Occas ional Address" of his composition hav ing been delivered between the first, and second pieces at a theatrical .perform ance on that date. This composition, the first recorded chant of the Austra lian muse, litis unfortunately not been preserved. Judge- Advocate Dore was In feeble health, in fact a dying' man. Secretary Robinson was his factotum, his reliunce, his support. He leaned upon him and believed In him Implicitly. He eniphat- , Icially urged Governor Hunter, in April, I 1600, to complete his reward by extend- ' Ing the conditional emancipation to a full pardon. He dwelt upon Mr. Robin- soil's /faithful services during nearly two years. "I can," lie wrote, "with confidence say his character in this col ony stands unimpeachable for integ rity.!' I-Ie dwelt upon this paragon's unremitted attention to public duty. He had justified the good opinion Mr. Dore liad found respecting him in the first instance. But Mr. Dore hail hit upon | AN UNLUCK Y MOMENT, for his solicitation. Governor Hunter received his letter while he was com posing a despatch to Under-Secretary King. In London, In reply to one from that high official conveying a remon strance from Mr. Oldbam, who, on the lidings of Mr. Robinson's emancipation, had thought that he was let loose to re turn to England and harry. him anew. Consequently the Governor rebuffed the solicitation of the Judge- Advocate very curtiy, . and Mr. Robinson had to wait another opportunity of winning his complete liberty by the exercise of hi?; ass'duity. Ills integrity and his agreeable manners. In December, 1800, Mr. Di.ro died, and Mr. Richard Atkins .was appointed iu the vacant office. It does not appear, however, that this had any prejudicial effect upon Mr. Ro binson's position. Tie evidently retain ed it 1111 September IS, 1S02, on which date a Government and general order was promulgated, which commenced abruptly:— "Michael Robinson, a con vict for life, and conditionally emanci pated, acting as clerk fto the Judge- Ailvoeaie and magistrates, .having been convicted on the clearest evidence, be fore' his Excellency, when sitting as judge of. the Court of Appeals, of wilful and corrupt perjury, evidently, Intended to mislead the Governor's decision to the manifest injury of one of the par ties In the appeal then before him, and otherwise perverting the course of jus tice, the said Michael, Robinson was sentenced for the above prime, by liis Excellency, during the sitting of the said Court of Appeals, and by virtue of the statutes provided .on. that -behalf, to be transported for seven years to Norfolk Island, at hard labour." I Apparently Mr. Robinson served his full time at Norfolk Island. But It may be supposed that his situation there was not necessarily very .uncomfort able. Among the blind a one-eyed man is king. Among the convicts of Norfolk Island Michael Robinson might appear comparatively 0 A PERSON OF LIGHT AND LEADING. Even thirty years later posts of some responsibility and comfort were given to such prisoners of superior education or ability as were well behaved. Mr. Michael Robinson, was habitually well behaved, and had social and literary talent. No doubt he occupied some srihg berths. But New South YVales knew him no more till after the ex piration of Ills sentence of banishment. He cannot have lost, much time after his return before making good use of his delightful manners, and undoubted abilities. In 1810 Governor Maequurle caused the King's Birthday. to be cele brated with great eclat.. . There was a parade of the troops,, arid a -public re ception, at which, an ode composed. for the occasion was recited in presence of his 'Excellency and the- leading people by the Inspired author, Mr. .Michael Massey Robinson, clerk to the secretary, and also to the High Court, of Appeals. This ode — a copy, of which lies before us — was the first of a long series com- Viosed l'or similar occasions. It Is n very fine poem indeed. Contrasted with Mr. Robinson's muse, the .Inspira tions of Henry Halloran, his most obviuos successor ns Nov.; South Wales' laureate, of Parkes; of Alrfed Allen, and even of Major J. C. Nelltl, are taine and feeble. YVe regret that space does not permit the presentation of specimens. The ode commences with an invocation to Albion. The mother country Is as sured that ".von usurpers' recreant slaves," that Is to say. Bonuparie and the abject\crowds with whom lie' liud conquered the greater part of Eu rope, would not harm her. 'A few verses of gentle pity for the aboriginals follow, anil tlien. In livelier measures. Zephyr Is invited to hull the morn which gave Transcendent Virtue Birth! Then comes tt solemn prayer. "Oh Power Kuprem;;'" on behalf of tlic blacks again, rind finally a noble Invocation, really too grand to omit; obviously addressed to Governor Mucquarie himself—. !'— And Thou! whose firm anil phllan- 1 throplc Mind Gloribs;wli'h'\yft.rm Sympathy to all Man- bene!,. A.t once tholr CHIEF, tholr PATRON, I and their FRIEND! I Thine he the trumpet In progressive Days, ,. ' To claim for Deeds like, these, a NA- TION'S PRAISE! '. The gifted' author. of the ode'eontinu- cd to pour forth his lays for many years. . ' 