TOORAK. AIR. W. II. LEWIS ON THE CONSERVA TIVE SCUTTLE. INCONSISTENCIES OF FREE-TRADE CANDIDATES. Air. V'. H: Lewis, the Protectionist candi date for Xoornk, .addressed a meeting of about 700 electors at the Afalvern shire hall hist evening, and was-accorded a splendid re ception. Or. Donald Aluiiro occupied the chair. '.Air. Lewis, alter- referring to the tact that he had that day lodged his nomination papers and was determined' to see. the con test out, said that lie proposed to point out tlio inconsistencies both of Air. Bi-yiint and Air. Gillies. In the first instance, All. Bryant was reported by the "Argus" of 2-1 1 1 1 August to have stated at a meeting held at Toorak that while Sir George Turner had done good work, there were many legislative acts of the Govern ment witli which he could not agree, and if elected lie would take his seat in the Opposi tion corner. On 30th September, however, the date of Air. liain's retirement, Air. Rryunt was reported in the same journal to have said that there were only one or two points on which lie could not agree with the Government programme, viz., one man one vote, and the method in which it was pro posed to deal with the question of Scripture lessons in State schools. In the main, however, "he would cordially and ' honestly support _ the Premier. ' Thus, at one meeting they had Air.- Bryant saying he would sit in -the Op position" comer, and at another that in the main lie would cordially and honestly sup port the Government. As to his attitude on the fiscal question, Air. Bryant was re ported on 21st August to have said at a meeting held at Tooink that "until federa tion was accomplished, he was not prepared to sweep a Way protective duties and crush vested interests, lie would, however, give manufacturers of articles which owed tneir existence sololy to the high tariff fair notice tlliat such duties would be swept away gradually, so that they might ho prepared for the result. Such duties should be at tacked again and again until they were abolished." On 24th August lie said that one revision of the tariff by each Parliament would be sufficient. Oil 2nd inst., however, after the retirement of Air. train, they found Air. Bryant saying that with the two exceptions previously referred to, lie would cordially support the Government pro gramme, so that this free-trade candidate Wis now prepared to swallow the pro gramme distinctly littered by Sir George Turner, one of the platforms m which was that the turiif was not to be tinkered with, and that protection was to be the policy of the country. (Laughter and ap- K'auso.) That was not fair to the electors, e (Air. Lewis) had told them a month ago what his programme was, gind he had not deviated from that programme in one re spect. (Hear, hear.) When lie lirst came out Mr. Bryant was a strong supporter of the duul vote. Now lie said that lie would be prepared to concede the principle of one man one vote if the undertaking were -given him that equal electorates would aol follow. Eveyone knew that there was no likelihood of equal electorates being formed in this colony, so that this was another inconsis tency. The oiily other change of front by this free- trade candidate was in regard, to the Sunday trading question. On the lltli lilt, lie was renortod as bavins referred to a mistake- made by liini at his last meeting in the Armadale llall, when on the spur oL the moment lie (Air. Bryant) said he was in favor of limited Sunday trading, thinking that the 'principle of local option applied, lie had, however, found nut that this was not the ease, and wus certainly not in favor of limited Sunday trailing. Coining to the other free- trade candidate for the clcclorqtc (Air. Gil lies), they found that instead of acknow ledging tile- correctness of the charges made against his administration, more .particu larly in regard to financial questions, lie en tered into a defence, and said that he lmd never heard of this "nonsense," as lie termed the criticisms, until lie became a candidate for Toorak. "Hansard," how ever, showed that he had been warned as far back as 1S8S), and that "a J ubilcc plun ger" was one of the terms applied to him in Parliament during that year. Arr.Gillies's next defence was that Parliament itself was to blame. That was a lame excuse. Air. Gillies, as tiie head of the Government, must carry the blame. (Applause.) The Inst answer given by Air. Gillies to the charges made against him was tiiat mem bers of both Houses had actually dined with him before he left for England; that if, as alleged, lie had been responsible for the big borrowings and the big interest bills, Jliey would never have dined with him. (Laughter.) Such an excuse did not call for any comment. When he (Air. Lewis) first announced his candidature, there were few coining forward as supporters of the Turner Government. Now nine-tenths oE the candidates were strong supporters of the Government, and opportunists, free traders and some very strong Tories, were now announcing that they would support Sir George Turner. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) They, were simply trimming their sailB for a favorable wind. If . the: fiscal question eame up, what would men who hail got in under such pretences vote for,? Free- trade or protection? Certainly llioy would vote for free-trade. ' (Applause.) They were not the class of supporters the Govern ment wanted. What were wanted were straight out supporters, and if elected lie would be a straight out supporter of the Government. There was a remarkable unanimity on the fiscal question now, though only a little while ago tlicy were led to' believe that, it was to lie a big question at these elections. Where were the boys of the old brigade? (Laughter.) -Free- trade according to free-traders was dend now it was not in issue. The reason of it was that the free-truders , knew tliey had not the ghost of a chance. (Cheers.) He was in favor of one man one vote. The dual vote had proved a failure in England when tried by Lord Derby in 1859 and 1807, and had lweii denounced by both Salisbury an . Gladstone. One man one vote was to ho the principle for the Federal Parliament, and the Conservative organs in the colonics lmih _ f made no objection to it. Why should there be any objection to Victoria having it?. . (Applause.) % v At the conclusion of lus address Ah-. Lcjvis : answered a number of questions, and on the motion of Atr. G. Al. Cleary, seconded by Air. J. Ellis, a vote of confidence was earned by a large majority. '1 lie meeting closed < with cheers for the candidate and the 1 Turner Government. 