REVERBERATIONS. (By Iluca Kamttus.) I was thinking what the late Captain Tolmer and Sergeant Alford would have had to say about the exploits and the capture of " the escapees," when tho door opened and two persons presented themselves. One was a sol dierly determined- looking individual with a darc-and-do-it-hang - consequences - air about him; while the other was a smart, active do your-duty-sort of officer, who seemed -ready enough to go in any wliero whatever happened. My visitors soomod scarcely substantial, although they sat on the solid chairs I offered them; but, after a while, T. recognised the one as Captain Tolmer, famous for his daring in tho capture of bushrangers in tho old daye, and the othor as Sergeant-Major Harry Alford, who wa3 equally ready to faco danger against all odds. Said Tolmer's ghost —" What is all this fii33 about three men escap ing from the Adelaide Gaol, getting captured on tho Murray and escaping again?" "Oil! there was nothing much in it; three men shut a warJer and a prisoner iu a coll in Howell's Hotel, and got over tho wall, while a Salvation Army sorvico was going 011 iu a weSk day." "Well, in my time," quoth Alfred "In my time," interposed Tolmer, "in iny time wo had 110 Salvation Army services, and prisoners might pray but not prowl. Why, a prisoner iu those days would have been duni founded at having tho handcuffs taken off him, but now lio kicks up a row if he has not enough salt in his soup. When a man escaped in those days it meant tracking for days and weeks over country wliero you would not see a scratch in the soil unless you were a busliman of the best experience, ask Tom Coward." "Ay! So!" said Alford. "We had to run 'cm down in those timos, and no mistake. There was no telegraphs, except bush ones 011 t\yo legs, and no daily reports, and portraits, and descriptions in the papers. Now, before a man can got twenty miles from Adelaide, his description is all over the country, and everybody waiting for him; ho could bo caught by a schoolboy only accus tomed to a paper chascaoross tho Park Lands, Talk about escapes, do you remember Moon dyno Joe, who was so smart at escaping that they built him an iron "cage in Fremantlo from which lie got away almost under the ey.es of tho sentry. He was the man who was several days in tho Commandant's house, and, after enjoying four or five years ol freedom in the bush, cauie back *to have a Christmas spree, and got arrested in Dr. Woyland's wine cellar." I said I did no( remember it, but I recollected hearing about the escape of Jolm Goften in Adelaide in 1840, when ho leaped over tho paling fence ; the arrest of Stagg for his murder; tho pursuit of Dyer, the notorious burglar; tho pursuit of tho gang of desperadoes on Kangaroo Island | the episode of "Gentleman John;" the oap tureof the gang of Tasmauian bushrangers; the escape of thirteen prisoners at Dry Creek in 18h5 in Charles Simeon Hare's time; and a lot of other things beforo and about the time 1 waB born. "Ah, woll," said Tolmer, "you remember a lot in which I took an active part before you were in this world at all; but the records will show that wo had our work cut out to capture criminals in those days. tvhen the telegraph was unknown, and photo graphynot an advanoed soienoe.". "Just bo," fcaidflorgoant-Major Alford j and weadjourned v-not for a drink. bscauBe they both vanished intothinair before I had time to ask them bvertheway. . . :: " - ' ^fter fdl said and done, those escapees, as they have been called, "were very common place criminals, poor buehmen, by no means remarkable for ingenuity, and evidently quite deficient in resource. They managed to escape from tho Adelaide Gaol, which Was no great feat under the circumstanoos,.. and. made their way to the Murray, to be captured in the most unromantio way. They got out of a cell which appears to have been no more seoure than the one in which "Jim," immortalised by Huckleberry Finn and Mark Twain was shut up, and in' connection with whioh Tom Sawyer, after his fashion, put on so much stylo. They provided no material whatever for tho romaneist, and even the literary hack, who has to work up the dime dreadfuls for American readers, would have to draw largely upon his imagination to make oopy for the publishers. The Frenchman Oliver, whon placed in the dock, looked more like a wretched puny guttersnipe than a desperado, and his mates, George and O'Brien, wore about as vulgar a pair of dead beats as could have been caught within the radiu of the colony. The whole three evidently felt mean, because they had collapsed at the capture, and it was not in them to keep up an appearance of pluck. Even if tlicy had got away they would have had no ohanoo of distinguishing themselves a la Ned Kelly or Morgan, because as busbmon they could not have found their way in a fenced paddock, and as refugees they had not go enough in them to oarry them out of tho range of the law's long arm. Theirs was not an exploit, it was simply a fluke. Prospective prisoners, those in durance vile, and small-boy admirers of Jack Shoppard can take to heart this ludicrous lesson of burglary and bungling, flight and failure, and remember that tho law is a kind of ootupus, with many armB stretching iu all directions, and holding hard whon it gets a grip. Has it ever been noticed that, with the oolonial oarelessnoss in slurring over words, "horse-dealing" sounds awfully like "horse stealing." A counsel in a case at the Criminal Sittings told tho Jury that his client was a " well-known horse-dealer.' but it sounded so much like " horse-stealer," that the Jury, grave and thoughtful men as they were, thought a smile, if they did not express it pliysiognomioally. Lawyers sometimes object to the constitu tion of tho Courts, but could they con scientiously have done so on the occasion when : the Bench was occupied by a representative ' of tho temperate Scot. Mr. llusscll, presiding, having on his right Bcaglohole, the noted, brewer, and on his left M. H. Madge, the apostle of teototalism pure and simple? There was, metaphorically, moral influence and legal acumen in tho middle, the alo keg on the right, and the tea chest on the left, with the general public, temperate or otherwise, look ing on. What a coat-of-arms that would make! 