Readings in Catholic Doctrine. HOW TO FIND THE TRUE RELIGION. No one who mixes in the world can fail to notice a very remarkable fact — remarkable, at least, in a country like Australia which calls itself Christian. It is this : one-third of the men one meets have no fixed religious belief, and belong to no Church. Approach them on the subject and they at once exclaim : ,, ' Vi^s. of p.oni'se it is tho dutv of man to worship God, but in our day there are so many contradictory opinions concerning religious faith, that one i.- buwildovorl find does not know what to bn i -vu. We have neither the knowledge \\\'-v tho time to make a thorough search --i the Bible, which. affcw all, would be. to no jnirpusu, for they who study it most agree least as to its meaning. We thercfoie cannot have any religion or belong to any Church, nor can we recommend ' any to others.' Now, let us ask those mea to pause a moment, and inquire whether them is not a simple and certain way of discovering the true religion. The true religion is not, and cannot be, a thing of recent invention. The world can never have been without it. In the beginning, God gave to Adam a know ledge of His holy will, and taught him how he should worship his Cieator. Thei'eligion of Adam came directly from God ; it was then, beyond all doubt, the true religion. At this time there was no Bible, no written code of religious doctrine and law. How, then, was religious faith preserved and per petuated in its purity ? In a very simple way. The father of the family was also clothed with religious authority, and the ' children learned the truths of faith by heark ening to the voice of this living teacher. This was the method employed down to the time of the delugn. How were false religions introducid daring this period? By disobedience to the living authority es ' tablisht d by God. After the deluge Noah became the second fatht r of tha human race. He had no Bible, no book of religion, but taught his children the Tfaith handed down from Adam. His children in turn taught theirs the same truth. Again the children disobeyed the teachings of their fathers, and made religions of their own, so that idolatory became al most universal. Then God called Abraham, who still held to the religion of Adam and of Noah. Abraham had no Bible. Ho taught Isaac, Isaac taught Jacob, and thu* religion was preserved down to the timo of Moses. On Mount Sinai, God gave to Mose.s the ten commandments written on tables of stone. Was tnis written law uie ruio or faith? No; God instituted the Sanhodrim, a religious tribunal, to which He gavo.powor to decide all disputed questions of religion. We read, in the 17th chapter of Deuter onomy, and in the Protestant version : 'If there arise a matter too hard for three in judgment, between blood and blood, between . plea and plea, and between stroke and ' stroke, being matters of controversy within thy gates, then shalt thou arise, and get thee up into the place which the Lord thy God shall choose ; and thou shalt eomo to the priests the Levites, and unto the judge that shall be in those days, and inquire ; and they shall show thoo the sentence of judgment; and thou shalt do according (o the sentence, which they of that place which the Lord shall ohooae shall show thoo.' Remember that this decision was one of religion, for the law was the law of God. Again, our Lord says: 'The scribes and the Pharisoes sit in JSlosos' seat ; all thoro fore whatsoever they bid you observo, that observe and do.'— -St. Matt, xxiii. 2. In tho Mosaic religion, thoro was no pri vato interpretation of the Bible, but a divinely constituted tribunal determined religious truth. From Adam down to tho birth of Christ, therefore, we find but one method of coining to tho knowledge of the true roligiou ; and this method was to listen to the; voice of those whom God had appointod to teach it. In all tho ages preceding Christ, there was no private interpretation. Now, how did Christ establish His religion, and how did He determine that it should bo propa gated amongst men V He Himself wrote nothing. He taught, and Ho did not ask men to examine into his doctrines, but to believo in them. He chose apostles to be his representatives on oarth, and to remain, in their suooessors, until the end of time. ' What command did he give them? Did ho did thorn writo a book, to be placed in the hands of all, that by read* ing it they might come to know tho truths which he had taught ? No. Ho 8* id to them: 'All power is givon unto mo in heaven and in earth ; go ye there fore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and lo, I am, with you always, even to tho end of the world.' And again ho said to them: 'Ho that heareth you hearoth me ; and he that dospiseth you despiseth me.' Ho thus formed them into a living and indefectible church, of which he said : ?' If any man negloot to hear the oh u rah, let him bo unto thoo a8 a heathen man and a publican.' This church ho built upon a rook, with tho promise that the gates of hell should never prevail against it, and that the Holy Ghost should teach ifc'all truth. Christ, then, did not change tho method of religious instruction employed by God in tho days of Adam, Noah, Abraham, and Moses ; but, giving to the world a fuller re velation of divino truth, ho Him ply estab lished a more perfect and unerring living authority to watoh ovor and preserve it in all its integrity and purity. Therefore not tho dead letter of the Bible, but tho living voice of tho divinely 'established church is tho infallible guide to, the truth as it is in Christ. Jesus. K---v, is not this a fair argument? Do not accuse us of sophistry and perversion of truth. We havw nothing to gain by per suading you to believe as we lielieve ; but you have everything to again, if you weigh well our argument, and, if you .refuse to consider what we say, perhaps everything to lose. For you cannot say the whole matter is doubtful, as long as you refuse to consider a simple statement like this ; if. you are thus wilfully careless, your blood will be on your own head. ? ? ? 