ROUNDABOUT, NOTES: ! , . .13 THE) ''CIsual. '' vt '''X UU ti- rt The Kenjpscy'BiindiiandJthe-Sal vation> Army,, wevel 'ub'xeu u'p' together d -bit ..last/ Saturday".1: The two organizations, gave; a performance -/side , by side for some tiuieopposite i-the Royal Hotel;: \- and- it! 'really appeared at one period; that the music from each would be . inextricably: mixed '.r But, to the eredit, of- oner or the - other, T don't know- which, each gave - alternate turns, " much to the edification of the' ci'owd. Without; going into, the merits, of each-; one's case, surely the Kempsey.; streets are large ' -enough ' to; hold both the' Band and the Army without their' coming .'into'- collision. ;-A prominent Salvationists, informed!;: me : that ; the! Band liad> agreed 'to let ;the Army have- its stand until'a certain/t.ime/and that' on Saturday ' nigh tj.tliei'r.. time was not nearly up, "The same party -also- said the- local - Army- - contingent ' Would in f .future /resent! /the. intrusion : of " the Baiid. t. If. ', some : agreement is not; arrived at, .there is likely to be plenty of fun for the boys; over this matter, The'udmmirigli'rig. of strain's from the'.i two lot's of instruments .should. provide . some , lean-splitting discords. /But to; my '-mintVlnin'vSuch--aQ '-event the- victory - will' resY with;i;thy Salyos. I'd back!j an,- Army '/drum, hahdled",' properly,, to> burst ,up the .harmony of the best brass hand in Australia. > " .. ' . . . . ;/ I saw somewhere that an Australian newspaper had offered a prize for the best" suggestion as to what would be an adequate punislimentifor tbe wretched Butler. But after reading the latest intelligence regarding this miscreant, I don't feel quite so squeamish about it, and am half inclined to join in the competition myself. One feels a certain amount of something bordering on respect for a man who has com mitted crime on a grand scale. Ana lyse .lli.e feelings you used to have toward Deeming, andyou will find that there was a certain fascination mixed up wi tli them that w.ais not altogether disagreeable./; There is no name for the feeling, but it is something that would easily be convertible into sym pathy 'if you heard that the criminal was being subject tbtorture. But when the man who lias become a celebrity through the enormity of his guilt allows himself to descend to some pretty mean ness,, he is , at. once cast out of the pale of symyathy. As a multiple-murderer, Butler draws the eyes of all the world upon him, and defies you hot to be in terested in. him and his doings and his sayings. But when he declines to the level of plagiarism— plagiarism of poetry, ..too— -even the red mist of murder that, was as a glamour about him disappears, and you see only the mean small wretch who is but a thief afier all, and a thief of the shabbiest kind. Who cares now to interest himself in the fate of a man who would plagiarise poetry into a. phonograph for hire ? ' O o © .,:© : ; Near Wingham, on the , Manning, lives a father ' whose youthful son roams late at night. Thrashings, advice, pleading, all failed to turn the youth from his path ; so the father tried the ghost business. He dressed up in a ghost costume, waited for his eon one dark night, and as soon as he came along the ghost began to groan and to caper about in grotesque fashion. But the youth did not run ; he turned on the ghost and punched it until it had to speak. The sight of his dad, in reality, had more effect than the ghost. This is said to be a true yarn. sk sk ; ' Si. < Every year at Carnarvon, in North Wales, there is a competition in which a prizo is offered for the best working sheep-dog. A sheep-fold is erected with a narrow entrance, and each dog is given three sheep which he must \- get into the fold, the prize going to the dog who does his task in the shortest time. There is one dog which has won the prize year after year, but at a recent competition he w(as so . severely" handicapped 'by the refractory nature of. his"'sneep that he lost , the prize"., / He;; managed- to get two of- the three/into'the penjibut 'the third completely.; set!fhim;- at defiance, ' and even' turned" upoh'|''bini%nd;'.,tried . to;-bi!itfc,.h!n);'..- Thpn./tlie. .wonderful in telligence' :0f the , dog.; showed; itself. He placed himself ''between ;the sheep and'tke -potfang sheep he.backedenear6r ; and.: uearer. to the entrance, so enticiug the sheep forward,unciiatJastthe''dogactually allowed himself! to be ; buttedyright into; the pen. ; , The sheep followed in, as lie did so the dog sprang over / his back and stood triumphantly in the entrance to !pre'vent! his re-exit.' ' v © '/ - © ' O o - ' , "The most terrible duel ever fought, in -Paris was the one 'between :i Colonel D., an old Bbriapartist officer, and M! de,-.G.,mf.the Gardes du Corps, a mere youth,., but > of "herculean strength. The two men lashed together so .as to Ibave ;:th:eir: ; right arms free, were armed with short knives,, placed in a hackney coach, and driven at a tearing gallop, around the Place de la Con corde. < They , were taken out of the cpkch .dead,, The, colonel had eighteen stabs the youth had only four, but one of these had. pierced his heart. M. Pembertoh-Gruiid, who describes this,, duel iri ; the , Cornhill Magazine, tells of another almost equally terrible test of courage. ' Captain Stewart, a Scottish officer quartered at Jamaica, haying had the, , misfortune to kill a. brother officer in a duel, had resolved never to fight : another, and refused to accept the cartel of a noted Creole duellist. The latter, however, so in sulted: Stewart that a meeting could no. longer be avoided. Stewart stipu lated that they should staud in an open grave, deep, enough to hold them both, and then, taking the ends of a handkerchief, fire across it. When the Creole saw the dreadful prepara tions, bis heart gave way, and he fell in a swoon at the feet of his adver sary: ' / , "o-"' © e - It was bound; to come ! A is the Amazon cyclist I see, „ B is the Bell that keeps ringing at me, C is the Chain that won't stay on the cogs. ; . D is the dust that gets oily, and clogs ; E is the Energy spent in remounting, F for the Falls she has quite left off counting ; G for the Gear-case all dented and dinned, . : H for the big Hub on which" her faith's pinned, I for "the Ice drink ' that makes , her perspire, ; i! : J for .the Jagged metal that punctures . 'her tire, K ' for the Knickers she blindly will use, L for the Loss of respect that ensues ; M-r for: the miles that she vows; that : she covers, N for the Nails inches long she dis covers ; . 0 for the Obstacles met on the path, P for the P'liceman that sees her with wratli, Q for the Quivers aiid Qualms that she gets, R for the Rules of the Road she forgets; S for the Spanner that's always mis laid, T for her thankfulness when there's some shade, U for the use of the non-slipping band, V for the Valve that she can't under- stand, X for the Excellent roads that she'd like; Y for the youthfullness makes her confess, " Zeal is my Zeal that will never grow less." " Federation fads are bound to be numerous for a while — so long, in fact, as federation is in the air. And it is not surprising that a common sort of fad will be " naming the baby" in honor of the great onward move ment. The first of the season's crop was harvested in a Sydney church the other day, when the officiating clergy man was called upon to reel off " John William Federation " when christen ing the youngster. 