TH£ BED ROOM ' I can assure you,' said I, ' that it will take a very tangible ghost to frighten me.' And I stood up before the fi^e with my glass in my hand. ' It is your own choosing,' said thp man with ' the withered arm, and glanced at me askance. 'Eight and twenty year?,' said I, ' I have lived, and never a ghost have I seen as yet.' The old woman sat staring hard into the fire, her. pale eyes wide open. 'Aye,' she broke in, 'and eight and twenty years you have lived, and never seen the likes ot this house, I reckon. There s a many thing3 to see, when one's still but eight and twenty.' She swayed her head slowly from side to side. ' A many things to see and sorrow for.' I half suspected the old people were trying to enhance the spiritual terrors of their house by their droning existence. I put down my empty glass on the table and looked about the room, and caught a glimpse of myself, abbreviated and broadened to an impos sible sturdiness, in the queer old mirror at the end of the room. ' Well,' I said, ''if I see anything to-night, I shall be so much the wiser.' ? 'It's your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm. I heard the sound of a stick and a siiaiuunnjj step on tne nags in tne passage outside, and the door creaked on its hinges as a second old man entered. He supported himself by a single crutch, his eyes were covered by a suade, and his lower lip, half-averted, hung pale and pink from his decaying yellow teeth. He made straight for an ►armchair on the opposite side of the table, sat down clumsily, and began to cough. The man with the withered arm gave this new comer a short glance of positive dislike ; the old woman took no notice of his arrival, but remained with Her eyes nxed steadily on the fare. ' I said — it's your own choosing,' said -the man with the withered arm, -?^hen the coughing had ceased for awhile. 'It's my own choosing,' I answered. The man with the shade became aware of niy presence for the first time, and threw his head backward for a .moment and sideways to see me. I caught, a momentary glance of his eyes, small and bright, and inflamed. Then he began to cough and splutter again. 'Why don't you drink?' said the man with the withered arm, pushing the beer toward him. The man with the shade poured out a glassful with a shaky arm that splashed half as much again on the deal table. I had scarce expected these grotesque custodians. There is to my mind some thing inhuman in senility, something crouching and atavistic, the human nna.lif'.ifiK sp.ptti tn rlrnn frnm nlrl nnnnlo day by day. The three of them made me feel uncomfortable. (' If,' said I, ' you will show me this haiinted room of yours, I will make myself comfortable there.' The old man with the cough jerked his head back so suddenly that it startled me, and shot another glance of his red' eyes at me from under the shade. ' There's a candle on the slab outside the door,' said the man with the withered arm, looking at my feet as he addressed me. ' But if you go to the red room to-night — ' (' This night of all nights !' said the old woman.) ' You go alone.' 'Very well,' I answered. 'And which way do I go ?' ?? xou go ainng a passage ior a Dit, said be, ' until you come to a door, and through that is a spiral staircase, and half-way up that is a landing and another door covered with baize. Go through that and down the long corri dor to the end, and the red room is on your left up the steps.' ' I have got that right,'' I said, and moved toward the door. As I did so, the old man with the shade rose and staggered round the table so as to be closer to the others and to the fire. At the door I turned, and looked at them, and saw they were all close together, dark against the firelight, staring at me over their shoulders, with an intent expression on their ancient faces. 'Good night,' I said, setting the door open. , ' It's your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm. I left the door wide open until the candle was well alight, and then 1 shut them in and walked down the chilling, echoing passage. I must confess that the oddness of these three old pensioners in whose charge her ladyship had left the castle, and the deep-toned, old- fashioned furni ture of the housekeeper's room in whice they foregathered, affected me in spith of my efforts to keep myself at a matter-of-fact phase. They seemed to belong to another age, an older age. an age when things spiritual were different from this of ours, less certain ; an age when omens and witches were credible, and ghosts beyond denying. Their very existence was spectral ; the cut of their clothing, fashions born in dead brains. But with an effort I sent such thoughts to the rightabout. Tne long, draughty, subterranean passage was chilly and dusty, and my candle flared and made the shadows cower and quiver. The echoes rang up and down the spiral staircase, and a shadow came creeping up after me, and one fled before me into the darkness overhead. I came to the landing and stopped there for a moment, listening to a rustling that I fancied I heard ; then satisfied of the absolute silence, I pushed open the. baize-covered door, and stood in the corridor. The effect was scarcely what I ex pected, for the moonlight, coming in by the great window on the grand staircase, picked out everything in vivid black shadow or siivery illumination. Every thing was in its place ; the house might have been deserted on the yesterday instead of eighteen months ago. There were candles in the sockets ot the sconces, and whatever dust had gathered on the carpets or upon the polished flooring was distributed so evenly as to be invisible in the moonlight. I was about to advance; and stopped abruptly. A bronze group stood upon the landing, hidden from me by the corner of the wall, but its shadow fell with marvel lous distinctness upon the white paneling, and gave me the impression of some one crouching to waylay me. I stood rigid for lialf-a-minute, perhaps. Then, with my .hand in the pocket that held my revolver, I advanced, only to discover a Ganymede and Eagle glistening in the moonliqht. The door to the red room and the steDS ud to it were in a shadowv norner. I moved my candle from side to side, in order to see clearly the nature of the recess in which I stood before opening the door. Here it was, thought I, that ? my predecessor was found, and the memory of that story gave me a sudden twinge of apprehension. I glanced over my shoulder at the Ganymede in the moonlight, and opened the door of the red room rather hastily, with my face half turned to the palliil silence of the landing. I entered, closed the door behind me at once, turned the key I found in the lock within, and stood with the candle held aioft, surveying the scene of my vigil, the great red room of Lorraine Castle, in wiiich the vouns duke had died. Or:s rather, in which ho had begun his dying, for he had opened the door and fallen headlong down the steps I had just ascended. That had been the end of his vigil, of his gallant attempt to conquer the ghostly ; tra dition of the place, and never, I thought, had apoplexy better served the ends of superstition. And there were other and older stories that clung to the room, back in the half-credible begin ning of it all — the tale of a timid wife and the tragic end that came to her hus band's jest of frightening her. And, looking around that large, shadowy room, with its shadowy window bays, its recesses and alcoves, one could well understand the legends that had sprouted in its black corners, its germi nating darkness. 1 resolved to make a systematic examination of the place at once and dispel the fanciful suggestions of its obscurity before they obtained a hold upon me. After satisfying myself of the fastening of the door, I began to walk about the room, peering round each article of furniture, tucking up the valances of tre bed, and opening its cur tains wide. 1 pulled up the blinds and examined the fastenings of the windows before closing the shutters, ?leaned forward and looked up the blackness ? of the wide chimney, and tupped the dark oil paneling for any secret opening. There were two big mirrors in the room, each with a pair of scones bearing candles, and on the mantelshelf too. were more candles in china candle sticks. All these i lit, one after the other. The fire was laid- — an un expected consideration from the old housekeeper — and I lit it to keep down any disposition to shiver, and when it was burning well, I stood round with my back to it and regarded the room again. I had pulled up a chintz-covered arm chair and a table to form a kind of barricade before me, and on this lay my revolver readj to hand. My pre cise examination had done me good, but I still fonnd the remoter darkness of the place and its perfect stillness too stimulating for the imagination. The echoing of the stir and crackling of the fire was no sort of comfort to me. The shadow in the alcove, at the end in particular, had that undefinable quality of a presence, that odd suggestion of a lurking living thing, that comes so easily in silence and solitude. At last, to reassure myself, I walked with a candle into it, and satisfied myself that there was nothing tangible there. I stood that candle upon the floor of the alcove, and left it in that position. By this time I was in a state of con siderable nervous tension, although to my reason there was no adequate cause for the condition. My mind, however, was perfectly clear. I postulated quite unreservedly that nothing supernatural could happen, and to pass the time. I began to string some rhymes together, Irigoldsby fashion, of the original legend of the place. A few I spoke aloud, but the echoes were not pleasant. For the same reason I also abandoned after a time, a conversation with myself upon the impossibility of ghosts and haunting. My mind reverted to the three old . and distorted people downstairs, and I tried to keep it upon that topic. The sombre reds and blacks of the room troubled me ; even with seven uuiiuies me piuuc was merely unii. The one in the alcove flared in a draught, and the fire-flickering kept the shadows and penumbra perpetually shifting and stirring. Casting about for a remedy, I recalled the candles I had seen in the passage, and, with a slight effort, walked out into the moon light, carrying a candle, and leaving the door open, and presently returned with as many as ten. These I put in various knick-knacks, of china with which the room was sparsely adorned, lit and placed where .the shadows had lain deepest, some on the floor, some in the window recesses, until at last my seventeen candles were so arranged that not an inch of the room but had the direct light of at least one of them. It occurred to me that when the ghost came I could warn him not to trip over them. The room was now quite brightly illuminated. .liven witn tnat, nowever, tne Drooa ing expectation of the vigil weighed heavily upon me. It was after midnight that the candle in the alcove suddenly went out, and the black shadow sprang back to its place there. I did not see the jcandle go out ; I simply turned and saw that the darkness was there, as one might start and see the unexpected presence of a stranger. ' By Jove !' said I aloud, ' that draught's a strong one !' and taking the matches from the table, I walked across the room in a leisurely manner to relight the corner again. My first match would not strike, and as I succeeded with the second, something seemed .to blink on the wall before me. I turned my head involuntarily, and saw that-- the two candles on the little table by the fire place were extinguished. I rose at once to my feet. ' Odd !' I said. ' Did I do that myself in a flash of absent- mindedness1?' I walked back, relit one, and as I did so, I saw the candle in the right sconce of one of the mirrors wink and go right out, ard almost immediately its com panion followed it. There was no mistake about it., The flames vanished,' as if the wicks had been suddenly nipped between a finger and thumb, leaving the wick neither glowing nor suiok]ug, but, black. While I stood gaping, the candle at the foot of the bed went out, and the shadows seemed to take another step toward me. ' This won't do I' said I, and first one and then another candle on the mantelshelf followed. What's up V I cried, with a queer high note getting into my voice some how. At thac the candle on the wardrobe went out, and the one I had relit in the alcoxe followed. ' Steady on !' I said. ' These candles are wanted,' speaking with a half - hysterical facetiousnerfs, and scratching away at a match the while for the mantel candlesticks. My hands trembled so much that twice I missed the rough paper of the match box. As the mantel emerged from darkness again, two candles in the remoter end of the room were eclipsed. But with the same match I also relit the larger mirror candles, and those on the floor near the doorway, so that for' the moment I seemed to gain on the extinctions. But, then, in a volley, there vanished lour lights at once m different corners of the room, and I struck another match . in quivering haste, and stood hesitating whither to take it. As I stood undecided an invisible hand seemed to sweep out the two candles on the table. With a cry of terror, I dashed at the alcove, then into the corner; and then into the window, relighting three, as two vanished :by the fireplace ; then, per ceiving a better way, I dropped the notches on the iron-bound deed box in the corner, and caught up the bedroom candlestick. With this I avoided the delay of striking matches, but for all that the steady progress of extinction wenu wu. jlu n 113 iin.v: n lixg^cu otuiui cloud sweeping out the ? stare. Now and then one returned for a minute, and was lost again.. I was now almost frantic with the horror of the coming darkness, . and my self-possession deserted me. . I leaped, ^panting and dishevelled, from candle to candle, in;a vain struggle against that remorseless advance.. . ; .'? I bruised- myself on the thigh against the table, I sent a chair head long, I stumbled and fell and whisked the cloth from the table in my fall. My candle foiled away Irom me, and I snatched another as I rose. Abruptly this was blown out, as I swung it off the table, by the wind of my sudden movement, and immediately the two remaining candles followed. But there, was light still in the room, a red light that staved off the shadows from me. The fire ! Of course I could still thrust my candle between the bars and relight it ! I. turned to where the flames were still dancing between the glowing coals and splashing red reflections upon the furniture, made two steps i toward the grate, and incontinently the fLimes dwindled and vanished, the glow vanished, the reflections rushed to gether and vanished, and as I thrust the candle between the bars, darkness closed upon me like the shutting of an eye, and crushed the last vestiges of reason from my brain. The candle fell from my hand. I flung out my arms in a vain effort to thrust that ponderous blackness away from me, and, lifting up my voice, screamed with all my might — once, twice, thrice. Then I think I must have staggered to my feet. .1 know I thought suddenly of the moonlit corridor, and, with my head bowed and my arms over. my face, made a run for the door. But I had forgotten the exact posi tion of the door, and struck myself heavily against the corner of the bed. I staggered back,' turned, and was either struck or struck myself against some other, bulky furniture. I have a vague memory of battering myself thus, to and fro in the darkness, of a cramped struggle, und.pf my own. wild crying- as I darted to and fro, of a heavy blow atjlast Upon my forehead, a horrible sensation of falling that lasted an age, of my last frantic effort to keep my footing, and then I remember no more. ? , .-...., . ,. ? ? I opened my eyes' in daylight. ? My head was roughly bandaged, and the man with the withered arm was watch ing my face. I looked about me, trying to remember what had happened, and for a space I could not resollect. I rolled my eyes into the corner, and saw the old woman, no longer abstracted, pouring out some drops of medicine from a little blue phial into a glass. ' Where am 1 1' I asked. ' I seem to remember you, and yet 1 cannot re member who you are.' They told me then, and I, heard o'' the haunted red room as one who hears a tale. ' We found you at dawn,' said he, ' and there was blood on your forehead and lips.' It was very slowly I recovered my memory of my experience. ' You be lieve now,' said the old maif, ' that the room is haunted ?' He spoke no longer as one who greets an intruder, but as one who grieves for a broken l'riend. . ' Yes,' said I, '' the room is haunted.' : ' And you have seen it. And we, who have lived here all our lives, have never set eyes upon it. Because we have never dared. Tell' us, is it truly j the old earl who — ' : ; ? , 'No,'Vsaid I, ''it is not.', ' 'I told you so,' said the old lady, with the glass in her hand. ' It is,his poor young countess who was frightened—' . 'It is not,' I said. 'There is neither ghost of earl nor ghost of countess in that room ; there is no ghost there at all ; but worse, far worse — ' ', Well,' they said. . ' The worst of all things that haunt poor mortal man,' said I ; ' and that is, in all its nakedness — Fear! Pear that will not have light nor sound, that will not bear with reason, that deafens, and darkens, and overwhelms. It fol lowed me through thu corridor, it fought against me in the room- ' I stopped abruptly. There was an interval of silence. My hand went up to my bandages. Then the man with the shade sighed and spoke. ' That is it.'. said he. 'I knew that was it. A Power of Dark ness.. To put such a curse upon- a woman ! It lurks there always. You cin feel it even in the day-time — even oi a bright summer's day — in the hang ings, in the curtains, keeping behind you however you face about. In the dusk it creeps along the corridor and follows you, so that you dare not turn. There is Fear in that room of hers — JUIUVU. JL. VULj t*f.A\\_l UUU1U Will. UC -J\J IKJlSfl as this house of sin endures.' — From 'Thirty Strange Stories,' by H. G. Wells. 