A MODERN PYTHIAS. A group of tennis players were lounging under the locust trees in the campus of a college. They had just finished the fifteenth " last game of the season," for although November was near, the weather remained like summer. It was little Ted McNutt who found his breath first, and broke the silence— " Have you got acquainted with the new soph yet—Fred Hersen ? Seems to be a genial sort." " Genial ! " echoed his nearest neighbour, Clifford Doone, in a tone of infinite disgust " What old-fashioned words you use, Mac ! Phrase him in the modern languages, can't you ?" " Why, I mean he isn't stickish. He gets acquainted easily, doesn't seem a bit homesick or forlorn, as the new fellows mostly are, and takes his examination like so much fun." " You don't say ! " ejaculated Lex Small, the champion athlete of the school, who spent so much time and energy on gymnastics that little was left for mathematics " So," reasserted McNutt. " Guess I'll get introduced. He might help me out in trig," said Lex, thoughtfully. The boys all laughed at this characteristic remark, and fairly shouted when Shirley Deane, the " pet lamb of the flock," as he was called, showed his colours by hoping " that the girls would not go crazy over him." " They will, I know," spoke up Clifford, " For I saw Flo Barnard talking with him in the library, and the girls all follow her lead." There was a chorus of groans at this, for these four young men were the admiration of the girl students, which secret was long since discovered, and often discussed at their private meetings. " In union there is strength—my only axiom, gentlemen," proclaimed Lex. " A fellow has no business coming into this college two months late, taking the front seat in our class-rooms and in our best girls' hearts. I propose we unite in downing this new and objectionable person, every time, everywhere, and in every possible way !" " Agreed !" they shouted, McNutt adding, " Let's begin right off ! I'll get introduced in order to find the weak points to his armour. Lex, go and look up his place in the class books. Cliff, prepare to outshine him in recitation to- morrow, and Shirley look after the soundness of the girls' hearts." So, laughingly, they shouldered their rackets and sauntered into the house. " Thus endeth the fifteenth last game !" exclaimed Lex. " One would think we were practising for the stage, with our numerous farewell engagements. Suppose, for a change, we turn to our work as investigating committee, and hear the report of members, Mac, first." Raising himself upon one elbow McNutt began— " I got acquainted with the new man and found he was from New York. He didn't say whether it was the State or City ; in fact, he has the knack of making a body talk, so I came away feeling that he knew more about me than I did of him, and—that's all." " He didn't have a very good lesson this morning," put in Shirley, " and he seemed green to me—staring at every one who got up to recite." " Oh, new ones all do !" objected McNutt. " One thing I know," asserted Lex, calmly proceeding amid the shouts of " Hear, hear !" " Flo has introduced him to half of the girls already, and I intend giving her my opinion of such forward, unladylike conduct." " He hasn't shown preference for any, so far,'' said McNutt, thoughtfully scraping the seeds from the grasses around him, " but it beats me what a fancy he has for that stupid Jack Stokes. This is Stokes' second term, you know, and he hasn't half a dozen friends to his name ; yet he and Harsen were walking in the campus this morning like old cronies." " Oh," yawned Clifford, " we are gossiping as they do at a ladies' tea party. Let's have another game by way of practice." While these conversations were being held on the lawn, the much-discussed student. Fred Harsen, was fast becoming initiated into the life of the college. All that the quartet to of envious fellows had said of him was true, which is more than can be asserted of most gossip. Never had the college walls held a student so popular in so short a space of time. The girls raved over his manliness and good looks, while his ability and joviality won the more reluctant respect and good will of the boys. All were amazed, however, that he should form so ardent a friendship with Jack Stokes, a student far from popular among them. By-and- bye they were rooming together, and their den became headquarters for all the fun going. Here it was that the the boys congregated to plan their first sleigh-ride ; chose sides for a golf match ; elected their ghost to attend the girls' tea party ; held impromptu debates, and wrote essays for one another. Even Stokes became " illumined with a reflected popularity," as Lex grumpily called it, and was invited everywhere his comrade was By times he was the life of the company ; but it was a fitful gleam, and he invariably relapsed into a morbid gloom. Weeks passed making little change in the social affairs of the College ; one night, however, a strange procession wound its way through the grounds, and only the crunching of ice-covered snow broke the stillness. The bell boy shrieked with terror when he opened the door to receive a group of men bearing two unconscious bodies. They had gone out, a lively crew, in a four-horse sleigh ; but through fright or reckless driving the horses had carried them over an embank- ment, with this awful result. Many were cut and bruised, while Clifford Doone had a leg broken, and Jack Stokes was internally injured Soon there was hurrying to-and-fro, and the excitement was for days intense. Clifford's condition was painful, but his recovery was only a question of time ; Jack's life, however, swung in the balance for many days. During that time Fred scarcely left his side, declaring that he could do as well us any trained nurse, and that he would give up his place in class rather than desert his friend. The doctor and professor looked at one another in surprise, one of them whispering, " A veritable Damon and Pythias case." He had his own way, as usual, night after night banishing the kind-hearted ones who offered to relieve them. After a day of unusual suffering and the constant attendance of the doctor, when Fred was left alone with the sick man, Jack turned a white face towards him and said wistfully— " The doctor has given me up, have you ?" " No, indeed !" was the quick answer " Still, I would prepare for the worst, Jack Tell me anything that burdens your minds." " I understand—and I'm not ready to die either, for I haven't lived right, and the inno- cent might suffer because of me. Can you keep a secret ? Draw up closer and I will tell you one." He talked long and eagerly in whispers, until Fred saw his strength was exhausted and his story nearly done, so he said in a trembling voice— " That will do. Take this and go to sleep.' And when the medicine had done its work, this " Pythias " quickly crossed the room, opened a trunk that was not his, carefully laid its contents on the floor, and finally raised a neatly made false bottom. Ah, the web we call friendship ! What a frail thing it is ! Jack did not die. As soon as the doctor would permit the boys met in 91 for a jubilee, carrying Clifford in that they might have their " heroes " together. It was a rare occasion, and they were all in high glee. But when Fred and Lex reached their own room the former hoisted himself upon the study table and exclaimed— " It beats me ! When Jack was thought about to die Fred was devotion devoted, and upon my honour, between you and me and this table, now that he's getting well the fellow acts sorry." " You're right, Mac," was the answer. " I never saw such an expression on a mortal's face. He couldn't have looked unhappier if he were to be hung, and you'd have expected him to be the jolliest one of the crowd. Oh, well, Harsen's a puzzle we might as well give up first as last, and I'm too sleepy to talk, anyway ; so get down, and don't venture another word to- night." Soon he was snoring, a queer little childish snore, and McNutt dropped off with a smile on his face. A week afterward Stoke appeared for the first time in the class-room, Harsen following, and looking for the paler of the two. The professor entered, and was about to begin the recitation when Fred stepped to the desk, and laying down some papers said audibly :— " Will you examine these, and vouch for their correctness ?" Then, facing Stokes, he said in a clear voice, " George Stover, in the name of the law I arrest you on the charge of forgery committed three years ago in Buffalo, New York. You have concealed in your trunk—which is now in the hands of the authorities—four thousand three hundred dollars ; besides, you have freely confessed this crime to me. As a detective" (throwing open his coat to show the star), " I traced you here, but having to prove your guilt I entered as a student and became your daily companion This you all know, so there is nothing for me to add except perhaps a few personal words Fellow students, it has been a mean part I have played, and the daily deception has been almost unendurable, still it was necessary, us each one can see. When Jack was sick— especially after he took me into his confidence —I wished that to save himself the disgrace and the penalty—oh, I wished in my heart he might die." There was a painful pause, in which no one seemed to breathe, then he went on,— " Had he died then no one should ever have attached the crime to him, and I would have disappeared from this college as suddenly as I appeared. The sheriff is in the hall. We must go." Jack, who had risen at Fred's first words, stepped forward and said in a manly voice — " It is true. I am guilty. Believe me, boys, I would rather be serving out my sentence where I belong than here among the innocent. Anywhere is a prison with remorse in one's heart, and perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and I come to face death again, it will not be so hard. Forget me, one and all. Good- bye.'' There were no more lessons learned in college that day, and no laughter for a week. After discussing the matter for the four hundredth time, Shirley Deane turned to the group of girls and said sharply— " And Harsen was married, too. He told me so at the depot, and said he hoped the girls would not cry, but I hope you will, and that it will be a lesson to everyone of you !" 