h NOVEL. I Judicial Error, fc By Marian Manville Pope. : CHAPTER£XVI. — (Continued.) pg'.By the way,' said Absolute Johnson ("carelessly, ' there are two or three questions i j- neglected to ask Mr. Sawyer this morning. |ifbe is still present I should like to have Ehim: recalled for a moment.' fVg'Being present, and recalled, greatly to his j'bwn consternation and that of Mr. Baxter tand. ot the man from New xork, Mr. Saw- |lr again took the stand. neglected to ask. you this morning,' frsaid the prosecuting attorney, ' if von were Sgiixtown at the time of the murder of Mr. pAtteriy.' pgThe old man was a little relieved, but his ' agitation showed through in the hesitating pway in which he replied, L" . 'I — I — believe I was absent.' Itjg VWhere werr you ?' K- . ' I — I — belie Vo I was in Pennsylvania — on | business.' t ' Can you recall the dates of your depar- p .iure from home and your return ?' f - . - ' I have a — a — memorandum — which will Igehow.g 4 Have you it here ?' I The old man fumbled in his pocket and _ drew forth a small red leather pocket diary. 'Mr. Sawyer will examine this memoran- rgdnm and tell us just the dates, which will i enable ns to determine an important point,' i said Mr. Johnson; and the old trustee, in I. compliance with thiB remark, which was I'r'inore in the nature of a mandate than of a ' 'question, presently read from the little book ' in his hands, — 'Left home on tbe 29th of April. Spent, g geveral days in Wasbirgton and Philadelphia and returned on the 10th of May.' . . 4 Mr. Sawyer, you must have failed to look at the date of that last voucher I handed you to-day. It was drawn on the Atterly estate on the 7th of May, and the draft was ."cashed in New York on the 9th. Now, there a mystery about that signature of yours, _ :-foT it was plainly impossible that you could . have signed it. Yet you acknowledged it as Eft,:jburs this morning.' ' . There was a breathless stillness in the conrt-room. Every one had begun to see the vlawyer'a drift, and I he old trustee's agitation gghnd embarrassment were enough to prove tVlfl mnofflfff TTTOO (iA rwnm . r w J fllAUkUlUA tuv, lUJObPAJ TT UO J Ho w UJ l/l Jr ing to conceal it but did not know how. J ' 'He's going under! he's going under!' 1 thought Mr. Bowman ; 4 but he might as -/ J!weli make a clean breast of it now. They've j?/;g3t him.' Ilf! The minister's face grew ghastly as tbe tijold man finally pulled himself together and 'answered, — ' I — I — made a mistake. It was not my j&eignatnre.;' Hi 4Ha<lyou given any one else, authority to ;Bnse yc-|r name ?' ' ||f 4 Then yonr name was signed by Mr. Bax- lifter, the other trustee, without your know- pledge or consent ?' 'Yes.' rig:; It was a faint word, hut it penetrated to Sffjthe farthest corner of tho packed but absol- |g!lutely silent room. 07 ' That is all I wanted to know,' said Ab- Hl Bolnte J ohnson, quietly. He felt that his advantage was too great to require any further elucidation on his part. Again the H|.eoiirt adjourned, in the midst of a sensation .as paralyzing to the defence as it was to the gpiriends of the accused, and people went home plwith tbe conviction that the folds were WS" tightening ronnd him. Sis .' - p; (CHAPTER XVII. By noon on the third day the tide of public opinion had turned. The forenoon had been gjfepent in taking the testimony of the wit- Ipnesses who had been tbe doctor's guests upon si: that memorable evening in the laboratory. l&Eaeh; had taken oath to his conviction that s|;-the minister had sprung upon the doctor with 0 the intention of destrying the proofs, which could be and was easily done. Each had testified to his abjectness and evident guilt jjKnp to the moment when Mr. Green bad given fthim a hope by saying he Iwould want to |?plead 'not guilty.' Conviction spread in the court-room, gr- There the first judgment of the people was 1%. eing formed, as it always is in advance of 0 the legal judgment. Those of the com- 7\. Enmity who had been zealous in his support, H and who had lamented because they had not | words wherewith to tell hi? virtues fittingly, I? now denounced him as a 4 wolf in sheep's g| clothing,' a 'traitor to the Lord and to his II vows of ordination,' and lamented again 1 because they had not words with which to i PMnt the horror of his crime and its sin against the Ohnroh and the cause of Christi anity. Caleb Newal became suddenly vested with tbe halo of a martyr. People who bad re joiced at his execntion and been loudest in declaring that simple, plain hanging was far too good for a brute who would deliberately cat down a man old enough to be his grand father and who had been so good a friend to him. The homeliest traits of that ordinary but serious and studious yonng man became suddenly transformed into the most luminous and transcendant virtues. Faults he had none. "Wonderful qualities of mind and heart and morals it was now discovered that he had possessed, and the plain, unemotional, prosaic people in that dull town in which he had been born jumped out of their jog-trot and galloped breathlessly along that well- travelled road where men and women before them have kissed the feet of royalty one day, chopped off the king's head the next, and afterwards cemented the stones of his tomb with thoir tears, all with equal zeal and en thusiasm. If Caleb Newal, lying under the magnolia- tree where the grass had seared upon his grave for tbe first time, could have been cognizant of these changes, he would have thought that after all there were ad vantages in being out of a place where people for the most part yield to their sensa tions first, act next, and their thinking afterwards. There is small doubt but that a great many ghosts, kings and commoners, have indulged in these post- mortem reflec- +in«o nrnridlnff f h ott itidnlnro in onir ' We have one more pieco of evi- _dence7t J Said Absolute Johnson, 4 with "which and with the testimony of two or three more witnesses the prosecution will rest. This,' pointing to a long, light-colored coat that had just been unwrapped and laid upon the table, ' is familiar evidence In this court-room. But this,' and he took up a long black garment, much worn and shiny, ' is not familiar to more than three people in the room. We will first ask Bridget O'Rourke what she knows about it.' Called and sworn, Bridget O'Rourke testi fied tearfully that it had belonged to 4 his riverince' and had been taken by her to Andy at Mr. Baxter's request. Ann and Andy corroborated this statement, and each identi fied the coat. Thereupon Dr. Matheson related in detail the circumstances of his finding the garment in Ann's kitchen. The excitement grew intense in the court-room, and when the inner coat belonging to Mr. Baxter bad been slipped inside the outer coat that had been worn by Caleb Newal upon the night of the murder, and the joining stain exhibited to the jury, the sheriff and his aids had difficulty in keeping back the eager crowd that pressed forward to see this confirmed by their own eyes. Dr. Matheson testified that the stains upon both coats were human blood, as shown by his analysis. This was corroborated by the local chemist. But now arose the question which the prose- cution was unable to determine absolutely, or the defence in any way to refute with certainty : who wore the two coats upon that night? Which of the two men, tho executed or the accused now present, had borrowed the garment belonging to the other, and under what circumstances was the "exui.-Rzige made? Here a link was lost. Was the minister the accomplice utuaspeGvd at the time, or had Caleb Nesral . cc.rmhitted ihe crime under his Rcvion wTi£b.»pno££iJ siSfe$ATHs-85Siefr"Sffi,,3alt to detoimine, bat the majority were pretty well -StfSsHstl- tbat in whichever capacity the rainiste?- l.vi acted he had bean the guiding spirit and Caleb Newal the unwitting tooL The more people thought about she boy who had grown up in their midst, the more convinced they became that he would n->er have sncti-wed ihis crime if he had been iu possession of las faculties. But who knew anything about this silver- toDgued stranger whom all had accepted as sterling because of his position? Two or three of the church members suddenly re membered that they had sometimes seen evidences of a violent temper, speedily con trolled on his part, to be sure, bat they had seen enough to set them wondering now , in the light of other evidence, if that temper was not of the sort which leads to the frenzy in which such crimes are sometimes com mitted. The accusod man's most zealous defenders clung now to their all but hopeless hope, rather than to their faith in him, as they had before. When others discussed the likelihood of a verdict against him, they were silent where they had previously been indignantly eloquent. Mr. Baxter himself, with a nature essentially sensitive to atmospheres about him, f«lt this keenly. He felt it before he summoned courage to look around upon the rows of faces rising one above another. These faces had been compassionate and full of sympathy and pity. They were stern now, and accusing. The evidence was going against him. HiB knowledge of this helped him to the end which presently shaped itself in his mind. He could move and sway that crowd as he moved and swayed other crowds. He could melt those set faces to tears. He could compel their pity again, and preach to them as never man had preached before. He would do it when the time was ripe. But 1st everything go on to the end. Then the master would rise and direct. On the way to the court-room that morn ing Mr. Bowman had joined the doctor, who was hurrying along on foot with his head down, in an attitude of deep reflection. ' Things look pretty scaly for tbe parson,' said he. 4 Yes,' said tho doctor, coldly, 4 the evidence is against him ; but there is a link lost.' He did not speak cordially, for he felt a mixture of amusement and contempt for what he cailed the/ broker's stomachic ii i mi. — a _ a Aiit5 way iu at uia oyinp- athy,' the doctor had thought months before, ' is to follow the road through the stomach, which used to be pointed out to young damsels as leading invariably to a man's heart.' 4 You can get it oat of him,' said the New York man. 4 He'll give it to you. The doctor smiled derisively. 4 Oh, yes. We'll get it out of him in the millennium, but not now.' 4 Well,' said the broker, reflectively, 'you mark my words. There's an old saying that a man who'll lie will steal ; but I don't believe that. 1 have had to lie a little in my fine of business, and when I have felt obliged to I've taken pains to do it just as well as I knew how. I've turned off good, high- class, artistic lies that were a credit to the liar. It had to he done, so I did it well. It was a matter of principle to make a good job of it. Now you needn't look saintly and disapproving. You're a liar, too. Every man is. Why, look here ; do you go into a sick room and tell a woman who is pretty low that you can do nothing for her ? Not much yon don't. If you do, you're a brute, and about one degee better thaD a common mur derer, for you kill her. There's more than one way of coozing a goose, as you know ; TirViirl in onil iv?T7Q Tior ortmck Virft'ifl BU y UU JUCk VTUIAA IU UUU MVA wvuit pills probably, and some magnesia powders, and tell her she's a little run down and all she needs is a tonic, and very likely you pull her through. I've known it done ; I've seen it done. Oh, yes, you may tell a good many lies in the course of a day to mothers with sick babies, and husbands with sick wives, and vice versa. But you don't call 'em lies, and I don't ; they're prudent prevarications!; They're legitimate. They're in the line of business, and everybody does it, no matter how loud they shout that they don't. I acknowledge that I lie ; but I don't steal. I never in my life have stolen one penny, or one penny's worth of property, from any living or dead individual, that I know of. Now Jyou've jumped at the conclusion, in line with everybody else, that because the minister has denied his guilt, and has been proved guilty of perjury and forgery, he's the murderer you're after. Now, I don't believe it. But I'll tell you what I do be lieve, and you just jot it down for future reference. If he is, he'll tell you so before he's done. Mind, I don't believe, because he has lied and forged, that he has killed too. Still, maybe he has. Now, now, I don't care how bad he's been in spots : he's\got the genuine metal in him most of the way through, and you'll all find that out before\ you've done. He's been lying iu the line of business, — any man would in his place. He isn't an artist at it, so he's got caught. Why, in his place I would have just plas tered that court -room with lies. I'd have regularly trowelled 'em on : I'd have lied the hair off the top of my head,— if I'd had any, — and I'd have made a good job of it, too. The top of my head would have been as-. bald as the palm of your hand by the time I got through, if lies would wako'is so. And I would have stuck to 'em. But ho won't. He's like the old trustee : he's mighty soft in his conscience.' Yes,' said the dootor, ironically, 4 he must be, — very. 'Well, now, I tell you he just is. I'll bet I know him better than you do. His oonsoienoe is like a million pins and needles, every one of 'em active. They've been jab bing and sticking and prioking like sixty for the last eighteen months Why, the man's raw ; he's skinned ; he's like what's -his- name, —that Roman fellow, wasn't he? — ohap they made a statue of holding his skin peeled off. But the minister's game. He's held out beoause the folks believed iu him and he had the church to think of first. But wait till he feels pretty Bure the game is up. Then yon see ! And you'll see that1; like the devil, he isn't near as black as he's painted. Why, haven't you found out yet that the hnman "Is nrtl v a rtrmVhTnAflrtn n# man anil brnte, and sometimes a little more brute than man, or considerable more, as tbe case may be ? Some folks call the combination half angel and half devil, — sounds a little better. Now, I've noticed that most folks have a tame sort of angel and a tame sort of devil hitched up together, and they jog right along without any shying or kicking over the traces. But here oomes another fellow with a high- strung, hysterical sort of angel that's down on the devil from the word go. There's a team for yon ; and that's tho sort of team the minister's been driving, and a lively kind of a race he's had of it, too. His angel's been too big for him, and his devil's been too big for him. When the angel's been on the top, people have flocked to the church to see his wings ; when the devil got the bit be tween his teeth and whirled in and took a hand, you may depend upon it the air was full of fur and feathers. There were too kinds of hair on the floor those days. And now, after some of his innings, people cram the court-house to look at the mini3tes's horns. It was wings he had before. Now, you mark what I tell you : the minister's devil has had a good . long inning ; its his angel's turn next. He's a big angel, and he's had a rest ; he's wider from tip to tip than he was before, and you want to listen when you hear those wings rustle next time. Amused by the broker's quaint logic, and yet impressed Dy it too, tne doctor fell to watching the prisoner narrowly during the remainder of tbo trial. There was but little more to do. The witnesses for the defence were weak upon the vital points. They could only testify to his popularity as a preacher, to his hard work, and to his rigor ous self- denial as a man. Bridget had giver an account -- iks 'ononomies ptaofeikTia the parsonage tb bad drawn tear? jama eves lest ready to weep thai her own. K-he pit --nied confiture, and Ann had matched it, by. a recital of the doctor's goocb. 3. to t-i>« acnased. Indeed, the wiinesse1.' for tno prosecution had done much to strengthen the defoucu upon nnimnortant- points. The old trustee had testified to -ilia minister's scrupulous payment of the debt, and the broker bad described how he had received a cheek after the dedicatory services in the new church, at which time a collection of two hundred and fifty-three dollars had been taken up for Mr. Baxter. This sum had been the whole sum of the collection, lacking tho odd three dol lars. But none of this helped to clear the mist which still hung thick about that night of the 3d of May. In summing up tho case Absolute Johnson bid great stress upon the minister's previous good conduot. He took the strength out of the defence by using the weapons he shrewdly surmised they were to use. 4 Admit,' he said, 4 that the prisoner at the bar is possessed of every virtue known to man. vVe know that he has been self-deny ing, frugal, earnest, hard-working, giving his life to the poor, and that in the pulpit he has been a man of rare powers and eloquence. We know all this. It would be useless to deny these faots, which are familiar to all. But in his own words, in words I myself heard him use in tbe pulpit when bis new church was dedicated, not many months ago, 4 a good man may do bad things, and a bad man may do good things.' Give him credit for the good, but do not make the mistake of supposing that it is impossible for a man who can do and has done so much good to do so much ' bad. It is not only possible, as shown by our evidence, but probable. That unaccounted for fifteen minutes during which ho was presumably iu the vicinity of the Atterly place now becomes tho most impor tant period of this man's life. His years of known service in the cause of Christ are swept down before the doubt of that fifteen minutes. But, heinous and unnatural as would have been that crime, it is in turn swept aside by the beinousness and baseness of that greater crime which makes him re sponsible for another man's life who suffered for the crime. This becomes greater than the first murder, as that little fifteen minutes of his life becomes suddenly greater than all the rest of his years put together. The very fact that we cannot account for that fifteen minutes is damning. If he had been any- wauiu save at me a.ccerxy nous®, engaged iu that hellish butchery, he might have been met by someone passing on the road. But he was not seen. He was not met. And we know that during that time and for a con siderable time preceding and following it no one but himself and Caleb Newal was known to have been at or near tbe scene of the murder, as the servants at the Atterly place testified.' Mr. Johnson referred here to the weakness of the evidence given by witnesses for the defence, and contrasted it with the evidence produced by the prosecutioa. 4 We have proved to you not only by credible and intelligent witnesses, but by the evidence of your own eyes in that extra ordinary scene here in the court- room, that a mesmeric or hypnotic influence was exercised over Caleb Newal the night of the murder, and exercised by the accused, as it was upon Dorothy Newal. We hav9 shown you that there was a motive for the crime, existing in the debts of the accused, his notes about to fall due, and his knowledge that he was a trustee of Mr. Atterly's will, and as such could, in the event of the old man's death, avail himself by forgery of money enough to satisfy his debtors for the time. We have shown you his blood-stained coat, over which Caleb Newal's coat was worn. and it is incredible that in a conscious state Caleb Newal would either have loaned bis coat to Mr. Baxter or worn it home after it had been returned to him in the condition in which you have seen it. Whose were the gripping fingers on that sleeve ? Plainly not Caleb Newal's upon his own arm. They are those either of the murdered man or of the murderer, and in either case not those of the man who owned that long light- colored overcoat. Moreover, his hands were not blood-stained. This was accounted for during tho trial by the supposition that he had washed thorn in the caual. Would a man who was not conscious of the stains on his coat be conscious of these on his hands ? If he had tried to conceal the one, would he not have tried to conceal the other ?' The lawyer referred here to the exceeding unlikelihood of the man who was in snoh a state as Caleb Newal had been proved to be upon that night making any effort to conceal the evidences of a crime of which ho had no knowledge, and cited tbe fact that he had at once returned home and shown himself as he was to his family, with no effort at conceal ment. (To be Continued.) 