A .-T E5.tCLI ." SI'DeEY. I CASE INVESTIGATED tBY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOU CHED FOR BY A PROMINENT I MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR AT'AXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY, TIHE FIRST PI-YSICIANS OF THE .WORLD HAS, AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED.. , A GREAT -VICTORY FORD DR. \VWILLIAMS' PINK PILLS,-, (From the ' Australian \Vorkn an.") On Thursday afternoon, our repre sentutive made his way to the humble home of-Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane; . Ultimo: HIe was- discovered nursing a two-year: baby, and his' face declared him to be one of the hapjpiest men in Sydney. , He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door.. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illiess, and a period.of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid, road to convalescence. . In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : "You want to know all about niy case ?.\ell, -I am glad of in oppor= tunity to tell you, The facts may be of value tof those who are stricken: as I "' How long were you suffering ?" Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had.to leave off work, and I havedone nothing-since then. About five years ago, niext Christmas, I met with an accident'; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney." Since the accident, I have been in failing health, and.after four, years of. gradual development-of the malady, I was" forced to give-up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?".' " Simply indescribable.: The pains were something terrible. -They were just aboutý as much as I could bear. The) vwere fdr all'the world like as if a saw were cutting my:bones in two in every part, of me. I" had no 'control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else: I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the a3rd' March last I saw a' well-kniown uoctor and he'told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, - he gave me an order to the Directoi of- Chari table Institutions. !'" -"Did you make use of the order ?' 'No ;'I came homeard went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques. lion of days when I would give up the ghost. -:MIy doctor was attending me, and did all he could; by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac. terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordiriating voluntary movements. -He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get-the use of my legs. (Just then the patient .kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man'will grasp at a straw, -I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure-effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the ".Australian Work. man," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People; I read in the advertise. ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. - I determined to give; the Pink Pills' a trial anyway, -and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though '-nothing was the matter with me. It was the first aplietite -and rest I had for- maniy a :"day. 'It was in credible: I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I: have taklen four boxes of Pink 'Pills during the past-four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about' with the, aid of a stick, and am gradtially, but surely, recovering my former vigor afid.,vitality. -You see those crutches there ? -They ate perfectly new, and I have never' used iltem: They, were nmade .for ,me before I got the Pink Pills, but I' was too weak sto utis them, and now I don't need them. All I want this is stick, and I hope soon to do with out it. -You seeI ?ms rapidly regaining my strength." ': He is zoo per cent.. better,", said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her. knees.. " ;1The Pink Pills: have -saved his life, arid made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort; night previously. - " I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I ant better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I amii iif ,pail now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a biox of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has .been amazed at the change in me. They clsn hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused "quitch' senisatioin out here: Such is this remarkable history, and it con'firnis what is said in all the chief neivspapers of -this country of- the astonishing' cures wrought by.. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for. PalePeople. 'They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and' spinal disease, also:the many disorders which :arise from ;ann impoverished state of the bloodi, such as anammia, pale and sallow complexion,. general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite; shortness of breath,. pains in the back; nervous headache, etc. Mfr. J. S. T. M'Goiven, leader'of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in'cdnnection wvith the reiiia'rk'able' case of Thlrorias Jaivis;',.Mr.;"M'Gowen sayss he-, has knobwntJaris 'from' infancy, He'also krniethat hehad0to give up his iv?ork at Glebe Island abptioirs tvelve nionths ago, owing ro ad malady which. he developed. Hd afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed riddeii, and that 'there was little chance of his. recovery. .He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been . pronounced - incurable. . Mr. AMGowen was, therefore -like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. -.Dr. WVilliams' Pink Pills, are obiain able.from all'leading chemists, or fromn the t:Dr.: Williams': Medicine ,Cry,. Queen'sPlace, Sydney, who will forward '(post paid) on receipt of stamps ot post order I boxfort2s 9d, or '. dozen .for 14s 9d. __ 