;: NEWS W BRIEF . ' 7 ??'??, - . ♦ ? . . '? v '*? ; There is wet weather up at Kalgoor lie. ? . . '. ? . . ? . . .. ? . ? The upset price of town lots on the Jackson townsite has been reduced to .£15. ? ' . ? . , ' Mr. J. P. Sullivan, who had been in the Postal Department since 1883, died, yesterday. 1 ?The city engineer (Mr. Deverell) and his sta5 have moved into commodious offices in Howick-street. ( A large and fashionable gathering attended Lady Smith's ' At Home ' a4 Government. House yesterday. ^ Mr. John , Eenals, son of Sir Joseph Kenals, formerly Lord Mayor of Lon don, has arrived at Albany. The Government intends to make extensive alterations to the front of the Ctiolgardie Post-office. . .Our 'Points' column, by .'Needle/' and Amusements, will be found on page 3 of this evening's issue. MeSsfs.H. G. Parsons and L. Levinson addressed the electors of the North East Province at Coolgardie last night. The Commissioner for Crown Lands has under consideration the. advisability .of appointing a fisheries department. gjMr. J. T. Short, chief traffic manager returned to Perth yesterday.from a visit of inspection to . the eastern goldfields railway line. . The Government is now, inviting tenders for the construction of the dome building and the other additions to the Perth Observatory. ' '' A meeting of the Fremantle Literary Institute was held at the Port last night.- The members of the Institute now number 490. . . .?';.. It was decided- at Ia3t nig-hf s meeting of the City Council that name plates should bo erected- at the corners of all streets throughput the City. . . Mr. J. J. Virgo lectured at St. George's Hall last night on 'Here and' there : What I Saw and Heard.' ' His Excellency the Governor and Lady Smith were present. : At a meeting of the committee of the Early Closing Association, the secretary reported that all tie Perth shopkeepers, excepting the Asiatics, had agreed to close thsir shops on Tuesday and Wednesday next. ' It has been arranged that: special Jubilee Services will be held tc-morrow at St.Andrew's,Perth,the service at 7.30 p.m. to be conducted by the Kev. D Eoss, M.A. . The Bank of New South Wales will proceed. at once to erect its new, pre mises at the corner of Cliff and High streets, Fremantle. Tlie cost of the building will be about .£4,000. The Government Gazette- notifies the setting apart of a certain area on the Coolgardie goldfleld to form the town site of Wonga. The upset price . of. the lots is £20. . Our Albany correspondent writes tbat some fool has been playing the ' Giddy Ghost ' trick, by wandering about the Albany streets with a phosphorescent device on his breast. Mr. G. S. Matheson, a brother of Messrs. A. and J. Matheson, of the Mutual Stores, was admitted to the Coolgardie Hospital yesterday. The case is a critical one. On , the recommendation of the Cabinet, His Excellency the Governor, has commuted to imprisonment for life, the sentence of death passed on the two' half-caste aboriginals for an outrage at Beyerley. Miss Sly, matron of the Menzies Public Hospital, was presented yester day with a gold necklet by the battery men at the Friday mine, in recognition of the services she rendered while con nected with the Sisters of the People. At the meeting of the City' Council last night Cr. Hall suggested that the Mayor should wear his robes at the meetings of the council. The Mayor was quite agreeable. ' ? The arrangement for the services, at Christ Church, Claxemont, to-morrow are as' follow -. Matins and sermon by the rector, Eev. D. Howell Griffith, at 11 a.mv Jubilee service and sermon in 'Welsh at 3 p.m., and Evensong ? and sermon by the Dean of Perth at' 7.30. On and after July 1, the express train which leaves Perth at 5 p.m. -will arrive at Coolgardie at io.30 the next morning, and will leave' for Kal goorlie at 10.45, running through in one hour. The down ; express will leave Kalgoorlie at 11.5 a.m., Coolgar die at 2.30 p.m., and arrive in Perth at 8,50 the next morning. Messrs. Silbert and Sharp, the fruiterers of Hay-street, announce that at the present jubilee time they are prepared, owing to the largo stock of locally grown fruit which they now hold, to supply public and private social gatherings. They will cater for indoor and outdoor entertainments supplying the best' of fruit. ' There is every probability that Chris* Church, Claremont, .will be filled with Welshmen to-morrow afternoon, when the rector, the Eev. D. Howell Griffith, B.A. will conduct a Jubilee service in Welsh, and preach a sermon in the same language. A Welsh choir .will also assist in the choral part of the service The Government' Gazette announces Government land sales at the following towns on the undermentioned dates: — Marble Bar, June 23 ; Mount Magnet, June 24; Bridgetown, July 1 ; Gerald ton, July 1 ; Dundas, July 2 ; Menzies, July 2; Perth, July 2; Wyndham, July 2 ; Boulder, July 3; Lawlers, July 3; Bunbury, July 7 ; Coolgardie, July, 7: Katanning, July 7; Newcastle, July 7 ;' Broad Arrow, July 14. Sir Jame3 Lee Steero and Mr H. W. Venn, M.L.A., interviewed the Acting Premier yesterday.on the subject of the regulations relative to the dipping of sheep for tick which are enforc«d ? -y tlie Stock Department. It was urgid'thut the law did not give the Government power to have this done, as the disease was not contagious. The matter will be brought under the notice of the Cabinet. The following is the report of tha Perth Hospital for the week ended last night-.— Admitted, 36 ; discharged, 28 ; died, 4— William Henry Mellor, 35; M'Loughlin M'Dou'galJ, 66 ; Thomas Cunningham, 58; and Louis Israel, 40, Tlte number of patients at present remaining in the hospital is 121, of which 87 are typhoid fever cases. Out patients, new cases, 102 ; re-attendance out patients, 236. The fourteenth annual meeting of the Perth Gas Company was held yes terday afternoon at the Town Hall. Mr. F. T. Crowder, M.L.C. (chairman o£ directors), presided. The balance-sheet ? for the year ending May 31 showed a net profit of .£8,449 3s. 9d. , A resolution was carried in favor' of granting ar extra ^625 to the chairman. Messrs Sherwood and Hussey were re-appointed auditors at an increased remuneration of from 10 to 15 guineas. The Headquarters Band (by permis sion of Colonel Wils'on) will play the following selection of music in the public gardens at 3.30 p.m. to-morrow (Sunday), weather permitting :— Grand National Fantasia, ' Beauties of Eng land (Newton).; fantasia, 'Selection of Irish Airs' (Hartuiann) ; fantasia, ' Beauties of Scotland ' (Newton) ; selection, ' Eoberto ilDiavolo ' (Meyer beer); fantasia, 'Round the World' (Newton) ; and ' Gx-d Save the Queen.' A small charge' for admission will bo made, viz., adult3 6d., children 3d., and the proceeds will be given to the f unda . of the Blind Asylum. 'Ihe Government Gazette of this week contains the following notices under the Bankruptcy Act 1892 :— Intended Composition — Geogre Napier, contrac tor, of Perth, trustee O. L. Haines, St. George's Terrace. Dividends — Henty, Cobham and Co., general merchants, of Perth, first of Is. 6d. in the XI, payable on. July 19, at the offices, of H. H. Holman and Co., St. George's Terrace, Perth ; H. J. Aubin, storekeeper, 'of Coolgardie and Menzies, first dividend of 6s., payable on June 1 at the offices of E. M. Walker and Gray, Fremantle. First- meeting and public examination of Elizabeth Pinn, boarding .«. house keeper, of Perth, first meeting July .5 'at the Supreme Court at 3 p.m..; public examination 10.30 a.m.- same date, and place. Adjudication — Walter Jolinsbn (Albany Produce Company), Of Cool gardie. - ? ? . '? 