A Poor Actress. . By F. Fraukfokt Moobe, Autbor of ' Phyllis of Philistia.' ' I Forbid tbe Baims,' *' Ihe JeBsamy Bride,' &c;, &c.; [Copyright.] ?' It's never Master Kobert ! ' cried old Mar getson, the butler, uplifting his hands as the postillion pulle I up the post chaise with a flourish at the porch, of the Hall, and the Honourable Robert Cholmondeley dismounted. ' It's never Master Robert ! ' he said again, in more sub dued tones as the young gentleman passed through the great oaken doors and began unbut toning his riding cloak. ' Why should it not be the person you name as well as any other person, Noah, my friend ? ' said Mr. Cholmondeley- ' What is there remark able about this special visit of mine to the old house that you should look at me as if I were a ghost ? ' ' Why, nothing, sir — oh, nothing— only ? ' ' ' En f Only ? — only what, sirrah ? ' ' Oh, nothing, sir — nothing, only — well, I'm not supposed to know anything about it.' ' About it P It ? What do you mean by ' it,' my friend ? ' 'Oh, nothing, Master Robert ; nothing worth talking about, especially as everyone knows it's not true.' ' Faith, Noah, if tie the Hampshire idea that something i6 not worth talking about because it happens to he untrue, it differs somewhat from the London notion. 'Twould seem that there nothing ifl worth talking about unless 'tis un true.' }? May be that, sir ; may be that. Anyhow, you're looking well enough, Master Robert, and if 'twas true, you wouldn't be that, sir.' ' If what was true P Harkye, my old fox, I want to hear all that you know— all that my uncle knows.' ' I'm not supposed to know anything about it, whatever the master may, sir.' ' Well, I'm quite content to suppose that you know nothing about it, but at the same time I in sist on hearing all that you do know without any supposition. Come along and get me some break fast. You can tell me something at least of what you know while I am breaking my fast — the re mainder you will doubtless need to bold over — you know so much, I clearly perceive.' ' What 6ort of an old fool am I growing into anyway — never asking you if you had a mouth on you, Master Robert ? If you go to your own room, sir, I'll have hot water sent to you in a jiffy, and you'll find breakfast laid for you when you come down. Well, I am an old fool to be sure.' ?' To be sure of anything in this uncertain world is to be a fool whether old or young, Noah.' With this expression of morality, the young man went up the broad shallow stairs to the room which he was in the habit of occupying when, on a visit to his uncle, Sir Jasper Cholmondeley, late of the Honourable the East India Company's service. The butler shook his head. He did not like to hear moral sentiments expressed by young men. His experience had led him to believe that when a young man gave expression to a moral senti ment, especially one bearing upon the uncer tainty of mundane matters, he was in a perilous way. He shook his head and abused the Lackey for his clumsiness in knocking the portmanteau against the wall as he shouldered it to carry it upstairs. All the time he was laying the breakfast-table he maintained that shaking of the head, now and again sighing lugubriously, and quite as fre quently indulging in a chuckle, not wholly devoid of hilarity. The most conscientious of butlers — nay even Noah Margetson himself — looks forward with mixed feelings to a neeting between an elderly gentleman, with a reputation for irateness to maintain, and a favourite nephew who has shown a disposition to take a serious step in life without duly consulting his relations. When, however, the particular nephew who was in his mind at that moment descended the stairs and entered, the small dining-room on the table of which a magnificent game pie stood by the side of a great round of beef on a silver dish, and several other tempting viands, the butler was a butler once moxe — grave as a parson whose hopes of a rural deanery have dwindled into vagueness dignified as an alderman who is uncertain if the stability cf tbe Mayor's chair will remain unim paired untill tbe end of the year. ' My uncle still breakfasts in his room, X take it for granted, Noah,' said the young gentleman. ' How has his appetite been of late P ' 41 As usual, sir ; pretty much as usual,' re plied the butler. ' That is to say, sir, when his liver is in good working order his appetite is so good that he puts it out of gear again in the course of a day or two.' ' And then he's pretty tryiiig to the people around him P ' said Mr. Cholmondeley. ' I wonder how his liver is to- day.' ' I should B%y 'twill be very bad to-morrow, Bir,' replied Noah. ' He took a curry of veal for his breakfast at 7, followed by a slab of game pie and a savoury omelette and a tankard of spiced ale.' ' Faith Noah, I think you have evidence (suffi cient to enable vou to say that he will not be on speaking terms with his liver to-morrow.' ' Swearing terms, Master Robert — swearing terms.' ,' Then 'tis lucky I came to-day. Will he see me, do you think, knowing all that you know P ' ' Well, sir, you see I'm supposed to know no thing about it ; but isn't there a lady, sir — leastways a female P ' ' Yes, there's a lady. What then P ' ' If so be she's a lady, Master Robert, you can both come to term?, I'm sure.' ' What do you meau by both of us ? Do you mean that the lady and I can come to terms ? ' -l1 I'm afraid that you've done that already, sir. ii's the master and you, I mean, sir. Ob, lud, lud ! It's never true that his kndship, your i nther, ?ir, has given his consent P ' ' And you're the man that's supposed to know nothing about this business ! G-o along, you old rai-oa\ I'm beginning to think that you know more about it than I do myself.' ' Oh, no, no, Master Eotert ; I wouldn't dare to presume so much. But they say that the looker on sees most of the t-arue. Now why don't you young bloods ask the opinion of a looker-on before you take to falling in love and such like ? ' ' Ah, Noah, why doesn't a blind man on the brink of a precipice lake the advice of a looker-on ? Then you don't think I've much chance of getting the consent of my uncle ? ' ' The only thing he'll consent to is to pay the female — the lady, I mean, sir — a fair sum to let you go free.' ' And if he suggests that, Noah, I swear that I'll break his head, were he ten times my uncle and a hundred rimes as wealthy. When my father, who is the head of the family, has given his consent ? ' ' And they say she's a play- actress, Master Robert — ay, and an Irishwoman to boot.' Mr. Cholmodeley did not reply ; he cut another slice off the sirloin, and looked at it comtempla tively for some moments as it lay on his plate. ' Good Lord, Master Robert, then it's true; and you're a lost man, sir ! ' ' A lost man ? Well, perhaps — ah, I care not whether I am lost or not so long as I find her.' ' And any man who pays a shilling can see her every night at the playhouse, sir ? ' ' Nay, that is her sister, Mrs. Woffington — she is one of the best of our ladies on the stage, Noah.' ' To say that she's the best is not to say very much, sir, if all that I hear is true.' ' Oh, that'll di, Noah— that'll do.' '* I humbly ask your pardon, sir. I'm not sup posed to know anything about it.' ' And you don't in this particular case, at any rate, though I allow that in nearly every other matter your knowledge is surprising. I suppose my uncle will come down shortly now P ' ' I shouldn't wonder, sir,' replied the butler. He felt rather hurt at being reproved by the young gentleman whom he himself had tbe pri vilege of reproving pretty frequently some twenty years before ; but he was too much the butler to let his voice betray his feelings. When Robert Cholmondeley strolled into the library he examined the new prints which his uncle had received from town, but the amount of interest the Rake's Progress aroused in his bosom was not great. He was thinking more of Polly Woffington, Margaret Woffington's younger lister, who had captivated him some time before, at the theatricals which had taken place at Teddington on Polly's return from the convent in France, where she bad been educated. His father, Lord Cholmondeley, had given his consent to the engagement at the very moment when he had gone to Mrs. Woffington to command her to send her aspiring sister out of the country, lest the honour of the family of Cholmondpley should be compromised by his eon's marrying Miss Polly, for Miss Peggy had exercised her fascina tions upon him and without any pleading on be half of her sister, had caused him to say at the close of their interview : ' Madam, I am now quite satisfied that my son will be happy.' To which Mrs. Woflington, with her accus tomed frankness, had cried : ' Nay, my lord, 'tis I who have need to be dis satisfied, since I shall now have to support two fools instead of one.' But though his lordship's consent was thus gained, the ardent lover was not so ardent as to be blind to the advisability of obtaining the eon sent of his uncle, Sir Jasper, as well. He did not much care whether or not he obtained the consent of his maternal uncle, the Earl of Oxford, for he knew he had no expectations from the groat man ?who had previously been Sir Robert Walpole. But Sir Jasper wns reported to have in his oellars several trunks laden with the jewels that he had obtained at the saoking of many a temple in the land of the Great Mogul. For Warren Hastings and Sir Jasper Cholmondeley had been early com rades in the Honourable Company's service ; and as the latter was unmarried and had always had a great affection for his nephew, Robert considered it important to gain his consent to a match that certainly did not at firs'' sight appear a desirable one. ' ... He knew that Sir Jasper was full of prejudices against the stage —nearly as fall as he himself had been before he had met Polly, and quite as full as his father had been before he had that interview with Peggy. He was not without hope, however, that his uncle would come to look at the matter in a reasonable light. Surely when he should hear that Polly was the most charming girl in ex istence — that she bad lived at a convent since her childhood, and had never come within the baleful influence of the playhouse, he could no longer maintain his foolish prejudices. Well, if Mr. Cholmondeley had been quite cer tain on thiB point he would have given more attention to those admirable prints by that clever artist, Hogarth, who, though growing old, had lost nothing of his trenchant power in dealing with the follies of the fhpt half of the eighteenth century. The great mullioned window of tbe library looked into a Dutch garden bright with tulips of all sorts, for Sir Jasper was well known as one of the most enthusiastic of tulip- growers at a time when tulip-growing was the craze only of the wealthy. Robert stood at the window wondering how any man could devote his life to the cultiva tion of bulbs when so many greater interests were within his reach. He turned away from the win dow with an exclamation of impatience, and glanced at the timepiece. His uncle would not, he knew, be downstairs for at least twenty minutes, and twenty minutes f eemed to him to be a long time. He pioked up from a small writing table a translation of Van Myne's famous treatise on bulb-growing, but before he had time to glance at a page he became aware of a gentle tapping on a pane of the window. Glanciag round he gave a cry of astonishment, for outside stood his beloved Polly Woffington. \- She was wearing a riding cloak whose satin quilted hood made a chanoing frame for a charming face. Her large brown eyes were glo wing, and so were her cheeks. The expres sion of mock fear which was upon her Face at that moment was very pretty, especially as it quite failed to conceal the smile which it overlaid. He ran to the window and threw it open on its hinges, whispering . ' Heavens above ! How did you come hither, my dearest girl ? ' ' ' Why, how but by coach and post-chaise P ' replied the girl. 'Oh, yes, Peggy paid for the trip— she pays for everything, dear Peggy.' ' She does ; but take care that you -and I don't pay for this trip, dear— yes, pay dearly,' he said, helping her into the room. ' I don't know what you mean, sir,' said Polly. ' I did not know that you were here, of course ; and I thought that if Peggy could pre vail, as she did with your father, why should I not prevail with your uncle ? ' ' Oh, that's what you thought, is it ? ' said he, holding her hand, but keeping his eyes some what anxiously upon the door. ' Yes, quite right, my dearest, only you are not so good an actress as your sister Peggy.' *' Ah, but if she succeeded so well when merely acting, how much more easily shall I, when I feel everything that I may say ? ' ' 'Tis a nice question of art, my child,' said he. ' Better say a question of arts. And you really came down here in the hope of being ad mitted to the presence of my uncle and then of pr. Tilling upon him P ' ' Aud why should I not have such a hope, sir P Sir Jasper Chohnondeley is not the Grand Lama of Thibet, is he ? ' she cried. ' I know nothing about the Grand Lama, my dear, but I know quite enough of my uncle to be lieve that so mad a scheme — and yet — well, on my soul, your scheme doesn't seem so mad a one after all. Could anyone be in your presence and fail to yield to the gracious influence of your beauty ? But such a scheme ! Oh, Polly, you are a sweet innocent.' ' Nay, not so innocent, neither ; ' there was a note of repudiation in her voice. ' Nay, I had planned out a regular system of attack. Did not you tell me that he had given himself up to the cultivatim of tulips ? ' ' And what of that ? ' ' What of that ? Well, I also have given my self up to it. If I cannot gain, an approach to him by that means, I shall e'en have to go to my grave without ever seeing him.' ' Beyond a doubr, you are an adroit little plot ter, Polly. But I think you should have left Mrs. Woffington to carry out this business for you as well as the other. Why, she won over my father in less than half-an-hour.' '' Well, we have arranged — Peggy and I — that if I fail she is to have a chance. She came down with me here, and awaits me at the Royal George Inn. Oh, 'twill surely be strange if between us we do not win over your uncle. Now, why is he not down, so that I can begin my scheme P 'Tis quite provoking that, when a scheme has been adroitly planned, ths person against whom it is designed holds aloof. 'Tis not fair, I protest.' ' He will be here soon enough, madam. Ah, yes, I hear his voice on the lobby at the head of the staircase.' ' Oh, lud ! His voice, 3id you say P Oh, why did I ever leave London P Good-bye, Robert ; I'll take the chaise back.' She had run to the window. 'You might do worse,' he said. ' At any rate, if I can't win over my uncle, I'll join you at the Royal George.' ' You ! The idea of you winning him over,' she cried. ' Oh, I'll not go back to the ohaise until I have seen him. I'm not afraid. He's only ? » 44 He's outside the door,' Bald Robert. She went out by the window and ran round the corner of the house. He had scarcely closed the window before Sir Jasper entered the room. ' Well, sir,' he cried. ' What brings you down here from the midst of your routs and your drums and your faro tables P ' ' I trust, sir,' said Robert, ' that I have a sufficient sense of my duty to ? ' ' Don't talk to me of your sense of duty, you young rascal,' cried Sir Jasper. ' You have come down here to try and obtain my consent to a match chat would be idiotic were it not disgrace ful. You fanoy that 1 will succumb to the vriles of your play-actress, as your father did.' ' Nay, sir, I only hope that you will listen to reason. You have always listened to reason,' said Robert. ' I'll listen to reason when I've a chance of hearing it, but I'll take my oath that I'll not listen to a fool of a lover in the hope of hearing reason from him.' ' Enough, sir ; I will not make the attempt to obtain your ear. I own to being a lover, sir, and I hope that I shall never be other than a lover.' ' That means you hope you will never marry.' The sneer of the old man was very malignant. ' Upon that particular matter I have made up my mind, sir,' said Robert. ' You have always been good enough to make me an allowance ; I - will not ask you to continue it, sir.' 'You need not, you rascal, if you marry that play-actress.' ' She is not an aotress, sir ; she only appeared once in a stage piece, and she was not a success.' ' She would not thank you for your advooaoy. The worst of them would rather be a success on the stage than respectably wedded.' ' I have no wish to talk more, sir. I have no interest at home ; but I can go to India, where I know the name of my uncle will act as my pass port to success.' ' Go to India, sir ; nay, there's a hotter place still ; go there.' The young man bowed and left the room. For about five minutes the old man stamped up and dowa the room, muttering, with the qualifi cation of a few full-bodied oaths in Hindustani : ' I'll never consent — never. I'm not a weak minded fool like my brother. No, thank heaven, I'm made of other stuff. ' ' But when he seated himself in his ohair and his eyes fell naturally upon the portrait of a boy with fair hair blowing about his face, as he stool oj a mossy stoneby the side of a brook, he ceased to mut ter. His thoughts went back to the days when he had had that portrait painted— when the boy who appeared in it had made the old house delight fully noisy with his romping. What a boy he had been. And that was the boy whom he had just in sulted—whom he had sent out to India when he might have made him happy at home by giving him the contents of one of those iron boxes which lay in his cellar. He began to think if his nephew were really to go to India he would never see the boy again, and under the influence of this thought he softensd so greatly that when, raising his eyes, he perceived the figure of a very lovely girl engaged in sketch ing by the aid of coloured chalks a flaming bed of his tulips, he did not ring the bell and tell Marget son to order the impudent hussy out of the gar den. He remained in his chair, and was suffi cienty observant of the young woman to ma e it impossible for her to pluck a single flower without his detecting her in the act. She showed no sign of wishing to pluck the flowers, and he was rather sorry for that ; he would have dearly liked to detect her, and then forgive her, for he was in so soft a mood he would have been ready to forgive even so flagrantly pretty a girl even for plucking one of his tulips. She continued working diligently until her drawing-paper had become crimson with flowers. Suddenly turning her head, however, she *aw the man who was standing at the window, aud her face became the colour of the tulips. He t-aw her look about as if seeking for some way of e. cape, and he gave a laugh. ' Egad, the lad has taste, to say the leant of it,' he muttered. ' And he's right ; she's a bad actress. She doesn't seem to think that I wuuld have sense enough to say, ? Why the mischief don't you run away, my good girl, if you are so fluttered?' But, by the Lord Harry, file's a pretty young baggage, and I'll humour her.' He unfastened the window and opened it. She gave a low courtesy — a very good imitation of the courtesy of a fluttered maid, he thought ; but he was wrong in assuming that it was an imitation ; it was the real thing. ' Madam,' said he politely, ?' you do me much honour in visiting my poor garden.' ' Oh, sir, you are vastly polite,' fhe paid in anything but a self- pohsessed voice, and after another courtesy she looked about auxiuutdy once more, as if desirous of escaping:. She was improving in her acting, he thought. ' Nay, dear madam,' he cried, ' even a bear would not be insensible to the charm of the pic ture which met my eyes when I looked up fiorn jay studies. Should I seem a curmu lgenu it' t were to confess to you my inability to recall the occasion of our previous meeting ? ' ' Ah, sir, that is why I am overcomp,' she said, looking modestly on the ground. He felt certain that he had never seen i-ucb long eye lashes. She had often been told by the girls in the Convent that she looked to the greatest advautagi when glancing down. ' Overcome, madam ? ' ' Yes, sir ; ihe fact is that we have never nv't before. I do not belong to this part of the country, but, hearing about your tulips — your wonderful tulips — and also that you were not iu in the habit of coming downstairs until late in the morning, I thought that perhaps I might venture to — to — oh, sir, pray pardon a foolish pirl, I am a tulip enthusiast.' ' A. tulip enthusiast P Prithee say no more, my dear madam. A tulip enthusiast ! Pray honour my poor bouse by entering it, madam, and we shall exohange views on the only topic worth dis cussion in these degenerate days. Nay, madam, I inBiBt. What, am not I old enough, if not good enough, to be your father P ' C ' You are kind enough, at any rate, sir ; I fear that you are not old enough.' Once more she modestly allowed her eyes to turn from his face to the ground, as she stepped past his bowing figure into the room. ' Nay, madam, you are, I dare Bwear, a 6ad flatterer of an old man. Well, perhaps I am not bo old after all ; age is nothing more than a mat ter of opinion. Is not that your view ? ' ' Oh, certainly, sir. Age is nothing more than a matter of opinion, yes ; of opinion and years — nothing more.' ' Ah, at hist I have found a sensible woman — though you are not old enough to be caller) a wom?n, my dear.' . ' That is also a matter of opinion, sir.' ' Nay, madam, that skin — as soft as the fluest fabric of Cashmere, I am sure — that mantling blush — those eyes, with lashes whose jealousy oi the eyes they hide becomes a virtue — these, leav ing out all mention of that figure which suggests nothing so nearly as a lily flower swayed by a zephyr, tell of the spring time of life. You will Beat yourself, my child, while we talk of our tulips.' 'lam greatly afraid, sir, that I must ? ' ' Afraid, madam P Why should you be afraid in my house — the house of one old enough to be your — well, shall we say brother, this time ? Yes, i'faith, I feel myself old enough to be your brother — your elder brother, of course,' ' I think I should like to have a brother — an elder brother — such as you, sir. 'Tis the sweetest of all relationships.' *♦ I would fain agree with you, madam. Only a short time ago I believed with all my heart that the dearest of all relationships was that oi a nephew — but now you have convinced me that I was wrong.' ' Nay, sir, nay; I had quite forgot the nephew when I spoke of the brother. Oh, Bir, there is no relation bo sweet as a nephew. I should be very good to my nephew if it pleased heaveu to give me one. I should cherish him, and surely it would be my duty to accept his judgment on all mat ters.' ' His judgment, madam P I protest that I scarce understand you. How could it be your duty to accept his judgment on all matters P As sume, for instance — 'tis merely for the sake of argument — that your nephew fanoied he had fallen in love with ? ' *' ~ ' Ah, I should feel it inoumbont on me to do all that lay in my power to bring about tiudr union. What, 6ir, cannot you perceive that this would clearly be my duty ? ' 'I perceive that you have never had a nephew, madam.' ' Alas ! Providence has not been so kind to me. If I had ? ' ' You would like to have one ? ' ' Oh, sir — bat I fear — supposing I were to tell you that I had neither sister nor brother, sir P ' 41 1 should not feel for you greatly, madam, knowing that it rested with you whether you would accept the sweetest of all relationships — a nephew.' ' How could I become possessed of a nephew if ? ' ' Listen to me, madam. Were you sincere when you said just now that you did not think me so very old ? ' ' Assuredly, Bir ; but ? ' ' Pardon me. Am I not old enough to be your father P' ' Oh. well, sir, if you insist on my answering you candidly, I should — should ? '' » Should ? ' '* I Bhould evade as politely as possible answer ing such a question.' ' All, an evasion is equal to an affirmative. Then, madam —dear madam, the man who is old enough to be your father is certainly not too young to be your lover ' ' Great heaven, sir ! Do you mean — oh, let me go away.' ' Nay, sweet one, I have a nephew.' ' Yes, sir.' ' Then cannot you see how he may become yours P ' ' Mine— mine? ' ' Yours — your nephew.' She looked at him an i then glanced anxiously toward the window. He was about to take a step fc.ward her, and she was about to take a step toward the window, when the door was knocked at, and a moment after Margetson appeared. ' What the devil do you want, jou blundering fool ? ' shouted Sir Jasper, in his best East India Company style. ' Oh, sir, I'm not supposed to know anything about it, but Master Robert wishes to know if you have any commands for India, sir,' taid the but ler. ' He bids me tell yuu he will be here pre sently to say good-bye.' ' Let him come — the sooner the better ; and let him go — the sooner the better,' shouted Sir Jasper. ' Very good, air,' said Margetson. He did not shako his head until he was faue to face with Mr. Clioltnoiideley at the end of the corridor. ' Now, my dear lady, I must entreat of you for a few moments — only a few moments,' said Sir Jasper, laying his hand on the girl's arm and persuading her to go toward the door which led to a 6mall writing-room. ' Nay, sir, I would go away — I must.' ' Sweet one, I insist. What, am I not to be master in my own house P ' She retreated to the door which he opened. He bowed to her, with his hand on the lock, saying, ' Only ior a few minutes. You shall have an experience of my nephew, and if you like him he may be yours as well as mine.' In an instant he had shut her into the room, in spite of her protest. He turned away with a laugh, and when she opened the door an inch, or so and put her eye to the opening, she saw that he was laughing. Then her lover appeared at the door of the library. ' I oould not go without saying good-bye, sir,' he said. ' You hare always been the kindest of unoles to me.' 'I have always tried to do my duty to you, Ro bert,' said Sir Jasper. ' And in this particular matter — the point on which we have disagreed — I also tried to do my duty. You have only to tell me now that you abandon that foolish idea of yours regarding that young woman, and we shall be friends onoe more. Eh, what do you say P ' ' If it were anything else, sir, you would find me not wanting in respect for your wisheB.' ' You are still determined to marry that one female P ' ' I am sorry that 'tis a point of honour with me, sir. Yes, sir ; I shall marry her or remain single all my life.' ' You say that quite briskly, sir ; but do you know what 'tis to remain single for a lifetime P ' ?' I think I do, sir. My life up to the present has given me an experience which entitles me to speak on this subject with the confidence of an expert.*' ' And now you are four- and-twenty. And you are prepared to give me an assurance that it is not good for a man to be alone P ' ' Beyond a doubt, sir. Oh, yes ; you may take my word for it.' ' Ah, indeed. Well, nephew, I may tell you frankly that I am rather pleased than otherwise to have this from so excellent an authority as you. The lact is, my boy, that I've recently — yes, recently come to your way of thinking. I'm an old min now, Robert.' ' Nay, sir, you are not old. You are in the prime of life — mellow manhood, sir, I swear.' '? You think bo, really, nephew P ' ' On my word of honour, sir.' ' Give me your hand, my boy. I'm glad tou think no. The fact is that I have had some little experience also of a single life— yes, fifty-six years. Of course I don't pretend that I've sounded all the depths of unmarried life, as you have, but still — well, I've made up my mind for some time — some little tame — to try the alterna tive.' ' You mean, sir, that — that you intend to marry P ' ' Why should I not, nephew P ' There was a considerable pause before the nephew said in a low voice : ' Why not, indeed, sir, if — if ? ' ' If I find the right lady to be my wife, vou would say. Ah, I don't think you will take ex ception to my choice, my boy. She is everything that is exquisite, sir ; and she has certain defi nite views regarding the relationship of a nephew. I shall be pioud to present her with a nephew.' ' Great heavens, air. You mean, to Bay that you have found the woman ? ' 'I have found her, my boy. An 1, what's more, she is in this house at present.' ' Oh, Lord ! ' ' She was with me here just now, but poor little fluttered dove, her modesty would not permit her to remain.' ' Why, it cannot be possible that Polly ? ' ' Polly ? Who spoke of Polly, sir ? The lady of my choice is here, sir. Madam, may I beg that you will honour us ? ' He bad opened the door of the waiting-room, and as Miss Polly came forth he offered her his hand. She was looking demurely down. ' This, sir, is the lady,' said Sir Jasper, lead ing her towards his nephew. The nephew made a mock bow of great inten sity, and then roared with laughter. ' Hey, what is the meaning of this, sir ? ' cried Sir Jasper. ' Your reception of the lady is not what I expected, nephew. Your levity — gross levity, sir — is at this moment little short of inde corous — not to say indecent.' ' I beg you a thousand pardons, sir ; only let me tell you that this is the lady who has promised to be my wife.' ' What ! Is't possible that I have been har bouring a snake among my tulips ? Madam, speak. Did not I make my intentions plain to you. just now P ' ' Indeed you did, sir,' said the young lady, demurely. ' And what did you say in reply to me, madam ? ' ' Oh, what is left for me to say, sir P I am overwhelmed with your generosity. I may have fancied that I loved Mr. Cholmoudeley, sir ; but I had nor seen you then. Now, however— oh, Sir Jasper, I throw myself into your arms.' And before be had recovered from his astonish ment she had thrown herself into his arms. ' For heaven's sake, nephew, take her, take her,' gasped Sir Jasper, his face suggesting the purple east as he tried to disengage himself from her. ' Madam, dear madam, you have made a mistake ; you should not have taken me seriously. I was in jest. Hiss Woffington — in jest. Oh, my boy, for heaven's sake relieve me. Now, my dear madam ? ' ' What, sir,' cried the lady, taking her arms from about his neck, and facing* him with flashing eyes. ' What, sir ; have I been your dupe P ' ' Nay, nay, madam,' he said. ' I only meant ? . For the Lord s sake, nephew, catch her. She is going to do it again.' The nephew being adroit, it was into his arms she fell as Sir Jasper made a rush for the window and disppeared headlong mong tis tulips. It was on this account he failed to hear the shrieks of laughter that came from Miss Folly Woffington. [The End.] 