A Wonderful Woman; OR. THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. »o: By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of " Wed, Yet No Wife," «'Norine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. :o: r CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) "Tou might have spared me that taunt, Katherine; you know very well who it is I am so unfortunate as to love." "Cpon my word I don't. My little cousin Peter, his loves and hates, are subjects that trouble me very slightly. There! Mr Dantree's song is done, and they are playing the Lancers. Suppose we leave off quarrelling and go and have a cousinly quadrille?" "Not yet. Kathie. I can endure this suspense no longer. No, you shall not go; I will be heard! To watch you as I have watched you to- night with that man would simply drive ine mad!" "Would it? Then why on earth do you do it? I don't want to be watched, and I don't suppose Mr Dantree does either. Tou mean Mr Dantree, don't you? And, Peter, don't put on that tragic face; it isn't your style, dear. Tou're too fair-complexioned. And what business is it of yours, and why should it drive you mad?" "Little need to ask, Katherine. Tou know only too well— because I love you. Kathie. don't look like that! I love you. and you know it well. I haven't had thoughts or eyes for any living creature hut you since you first came here. Ah, Kathie, listen to me! Don't laugh, as I see you are going to do. I love you with all my heart— better than ever that fel low can do— and I ask you to be my wife. Katherine, don't laugh at me, for Heaven's sake!" But the warning came too late. Katherine broke out into a ringing peal of laughter, that the music happily drowned. Peter Dangerfield, looking desperately in earnest, very, very yellow, and with folded arms, stood glaring at her in an uncommonly savage way for so tender a declaration. "I beg your pardon, Peter, but I can't help it. The Idea of marrying you— only five feet five inches, and an attorney, and my first cousin ! First cousins should never marry, you know. What would papa say, you silly little boy, if he could hear this?" . "My uncle knows," the young man answered, with sullen anger; "I spoke to him a month ago." Miss Dangerfield opened her big, grey eyes. "Oh, you did? That's what he meant, then, that morning after the concert. remember; he tried to plead your cause. And you spoke to him first; and >'ou're a lawyer, and knew no better than that? No, Peiter; it is not possible. Tou're a nice little fellow, and I think ; a great deal of you; and I'd do almost anything you wanted me, except — mar- ; Y you. That's a little too much, even for such good nature as mine." Then I'm to consider myself rejeo- ted. Now, Peter, don't put on that 111- empered face; It quite spoils your good ooks, and you know you have none to spoil— spare, I mean. Well, yes. then; am afraid you must consider yourself jected. I really should like to oblige Jou in this matter, but you perceive I an t. Come, let us make It up — I'm not fry— and take me back to the draw- in groom for my dance. It is a sin to lose such music as that." In one moment. Katherine. Will you answer me this, please? Is It for ,Son D antree I am refused?" Cousin Peter, i shall 'lose my "temper n»tU keei> on- II there was no Mr an 11 6 tlle case, I should reject you rniic- Same" You're very well as a first j.. 8,8 a husband — excuse me! I man in« T""1' you you vrere the only of the worW> and the penalty old —I1, '!S you ke to go to my grave an enoUg7r 18 that anSwer decisiye rjLe1 "early! Thank you for your White with ' Kathie" He was very 5ve shorn s"P1>ressed anger. "But lest should misunderstand each other in the least, won't you tell me whether or not Mr Dantree is to be future lord of Scars wood Park? Because, In that case, for the honor of the family I should en deavor to discover the gentleman's an tecedents. A classic profile and a fine voice for singing may be sufficient vir tues in the eyes of a young lady of seventeen, but I'm afraid they would hardly satisfy the world or Sir John." "For the world I don't care that! For Sir John, whatever makes me happy, will satisfy him. I am trying to keep my temper, Peter, but don't provoke me too far — It's not safe. Will you, or will you not, take me out for the dance? I am not accustomed to ask favors twice." How queenly she says it — the heiress of Scars wood! His passion was not to be restrained now. "And it is for this Tankee singing man— this needy adventurer— this negro minstrel in his own land — that I am cast off." She whirled round upon him in a storm of sudden fury, and made a step towards him. But rage lent him cour- age; he stood his ground. "You little wretch!" cried Miss Dan gerfield, "how dare you stand there and say such things to me? How dare you call Gaston Dantiree an adventurer? Tou who would not presume- to call your soul your own in his presence! Negro minstrel, indeed ! Tou wretched little attorney! One should be a gentleman to judge gentlemen. That's why Mr Dan tree is beyond your judgment! Don't ever speak to me again. Tour very of- 1 fer is an insult. To think that I— I would ever marry you— a little, rickety dwarf." And then dead silence fell. I don't uphold this heroine of mine — her temper is abominable, I'll allow; but the moment the last words passed her lips her heart smote her. Peter Dangerfield stood before her white as death, and trembling so that he was forced to grasp a gilded flower-stand for support. "Oh, Peter. I am sorry!" she cried out- "I didn't mean that— I didn't! 1 didn't— forgive it— forget it— my temper is horrible— I'm a wretch; but you know"— suffering a slight relapse— "it was all your own fault. Shake hands, cousin; and oh, do— do— do forget my wicked words!" But he drew back from the out stretched hands, smiling a ghastly smile enough. "Forget them ? Certainly. Cousin Katherine! I'm not the sort of fellow to bear spite. You're very good, and all that; but, if it's all the same to you, I'll not shake hands. And I won't keep you from dancing that quadrille any longer. I'll not be your partner. I don't dance as well as Mr Dantree, and I see him coming this way now. . Excuse me for having troubled you about this pre sumptuous love of mine; I won't do it again." Then he turned away, and Gaston Dantree, looking like a picture in a frame, stood in the rose-wreathed en trance arch. "I am sorry, and I have apologised," Katherine said, coldly. "I can do no more." "No more is needed. Pray, don't keep Mr Dantree waiting. And I would rather he did not come In here just now." "Come, Kathie," Mr Dantree called softly. It had. come to that, then; It was "Kathie" and "Gaston." He saw him draw her hand under his arm as ono having the right, whisper something in her ear that brightened her face with sunshine, and lead her away. Peter Dangerfield stood alone He watched them quite out of sight— his teeth set, his face perfectly colorless, and a look of evil in his small eyes. "I have read of men who sold their souls to the devil for a price," he said, be tween his set teeth. "I suppose the days for such bargains are over, and souls are plentiful enough in the kingdom of his dark majesty, without paying a farthing. Bu't if those days could come again, and Satan stood beside me, I would sell my soul now for revenge on you!" "Are you sure you have one to sell ?" a clear, sharp voice close behind him said- "I never thought lawyers were troubled with those inconvenient ap pendages — hearts and souls. Well, if you have, keep it: it's of no use to me. And I'm not Satan, either, but yet I think for a fair price I can give you your revenge." He whirled round wi'th a stifled excla mation, and saw at his elbow— Mrs Vavasor. CHAPTER III.— AMONG THE ROSES. She Stood beside him, her ceaseless smile at its brightest on her small face, looking like some little female Mephisto- pheles come to tempt a modern Faust. He put up his eyeglass to look at her. What a gorgeous little creature she was! It was his first thought. In the dim yellow light of the conser vatory, the amber silk glittered with its pristine lustre- The yellow roses she wore made such an admirable foil for her dead black hair. "What the deuce brings me here ? Don't trouble yourself to ask the ques tion, mon ami; your face asks it for you. I've been eavesdropping" — in her airiest tone — "not intentionally, you under stand," as the young man continued to stare speechlessly at her through his eyeglass. "Entering the conservatory by the' merest chance, I overheard Miss Dangerfield's last words to you; "a little more than kin, and less than kind,' were they not ? Permit me to con gratulate you, Mr Dangerfield." "Congratulate me!" Mr Dangerfield re peated, dropping his double-barrelled eyeglass, and glowering vengefully at ine l<lii vreajiure uy ins mue. xu Heaven's name, on what ?" "On having escaped becoming the hus band of a termagant. Believe me, not even Scarswood and eight thousand a year would counterbalance so atrocious a temper as that." "Eight thousand a year would coun terbalance with me even a worse temper than that, Mrs Vavasor," 'the lawyer an swered, grimly. - "I am only sorry I am not to have the opportunity of trying- Once my wife, I think I could correct the acidity of even Katherine Dangerfield's temper and tongue." "No, you could not. Petruchio him self would fall to tame this shrew. Tou 6ee, Mr Dangerfield, I speak from expe rience. I know what kind of blood flows In our spirited Katherine's veins." "Very good blood, then, I am sure — very good- tempered, too. In the main — at least, on the father's side." "Ah, on the father's side!" The sneer wi'th which this was said was indescrib able. "May I ask if you knew her mo ther, Mr Dangerfield?" "Certainly I did— a very fine woman, too, and as amiable as she was hand some. Colonel Dangerfield (Sir John was colonel then) married a Miss Lascelles, and Katherine was born in this very house, while they were making tlic-ir Christmas visit. Tou may have known her father and mother — you certainly seem to know Sir John suspiciously well — but don't tell me Katherine took her- tantrums from either of them — I ' know better." Mrs Vavasor listened quietly, adjust ing her bracelets, and burst out laugh ing when he ceased. "I see you do — you know all about it. How old was Katherine when her father and mother left England for India?" "Two or three years, or thereabouts. It seems to me — being so well acquaint ed, and all that, as you say — you ought to know yourself. Was i't in England or India you came to know Sir John so well?" "In neither, Mr Dangerfield." "Or does your acquaintance extend only to the baronet? Gad! he looked like an incarnate thundercloud when pre senting you. His remembrances of you must be uncommonly pleasant ones, I should say. Did you know the late Mrs Colonel Dangerfield, Mrs Vavasor ?" "I knew the late Mrs Colonel Danger- field, Mr Dangerfield." "And yet you say Katherine takes her temper from her mother. My late aunt- in- law must have greatly changed, then, from the time I saw her last." "I repeat it," Mrs Vavasor said, tap- pingherfan, "Katherine inherits her most abominable temper from her mother, the only inheritance her mother ever left her. And she looks like her— wonderfully like her — so like," Mrs Vavasor repeated, in a strange, suppressed voice, "that I could almost lake her for a ghost in pink gauze." "Like her mother!" cried Peter Dan gerfield. "I beg your pardon, Mrs Va vasor, but you must be dreaming. She is r.o more like her mother than I am. The late Mrs Dangerfield was a hand some woman." "Which our spirited heiress never will be. I agree with you, Mr Danger- field; and yet you told me you were in love with her, and wanted to marry her." "I meant what I said," the young man responded, sullenly, "I do want to marry her." '"Or her fortune — which?" "I don't see that that's any business of yours, Mrs Vavasor, and I don't see what I am standing here abusing Ka therine to you for. You don't like her, do you? Now, what has she ever done to you?" "Nothing whatever— I haven't seen Katherine until to-irght for fifteen years. She was two years old then — a little de moiselle in short clothes, and too young to have any enemy." "Yet you are her enemy, Mrs Vavasor, and you sit at her table -and eat her bread and salt. " And yotroakbt her "mother as If you detesfed'hgfe Is It for-'fhf mo ther's sake you b?te the daughter?" "For the mother's iladU>ifi&hfeft;%pia'ted the four short Vord-s with a conceirtAt/d bitterness that "rather ."repelled jt&vjxim-; panion. "And you hate her for irtfwn, Mr Dangerfield." She laid her little hand suddenly and sharply on his arm, and sent the words in his ear in a sibi lant whisper. "We both hate her; let us make common cause together, and have our revenge." Peter Dangerfield threw off the gloved hand that felt unpleasantly like a steel manacle on his wrist. "Don't be melodramatic, if you please. Mrs Vavasor. Revenge, indeed! And I a lawyer. Tou would make an uncom monly good actress, my dear madam, but in private life your histrionic talents are quite thrown away. Revenge! Bah! Why, the vendetta has gone out of fashion even in Corsica. We don't live in the days of the handsome I.ucrezia, when a perfumed rose or a pair of kid gloves sent one's adversary to glory. There is no such word as revenge in these latter days, my dear madam. If one's wife runs away from one with some other fellow, we don't follow and wipe out our dishonor in his blood; we simply go to Sir Creswell and get a di vorce. If we run away with some other fellow's wife, that good fellow sues us for damages, and makes a good thing of it. Believe me, Mrs Vavasor, revenge is a word that will soon be obsolete, ex cept on theatrical boards. But, at the same time, I should like to know what you mean." "What is that you say ?" Mrs Vava sor cried. "While the world lasts and men love and hate, and use swords and pistols, revenge will, never go out of fashion. And you hate your cousin — hate her so that, if looks were lightning, she would have fallen at your feet ten minutes ago. 'A little, rickety dwarf!' " She laughed her shrill, somewhat elfish laugh. "Not a pleasant name to be called, Mr Dangerfield." His face blackened at the remem brance; his small, pale eyes shot forth that steely firelight blue eyes only can flash. "Why do you remind me of that ?" he said, hoarsely, "She did not mean it- she said so." "She said so — she said so!" his com panion cried, scornfully. "Mr Peter Dangerfield, you're not the man I take you for If you endure quietly such an insult as that. And look at her now, with Gaston Dantree, that penniless tenor singer, with the voice of an angel and the face of a god. Look, how she smiles up at him. Did she ever give you such a glance as that ? See how he bends over her and whispers in her ear. Did she ever listen to you with that happy face, those drooping, down cast eyes ? 'Why, she loves that man— that impoverished adventurer; and love and happiness make her almost beautiful. And she called you a rickety dwarf. Perhaps even now they are laughing over it rather as a good joke." "Woman ! Devil!" her victim burst ou.t, goaded to frenzy. " Katlmrine Dangerfield would stoop to no such base ness as that!" "Would she not? You have yet to learn to what depths of baseness women like her can stoop. She has bad, bitter bad blood in her veins, I tell you. She comes of a daring unscrupulous race. Oh, don't look at me like .that. I don't mean the Dangr- rflelds. And you will bear her merciless taunt, and stand quietly by while site marries yonder handsome cox comb, and go and be best man at the wedding, and take your hat off for ever after when you meet Gaston Dantree, master of Scarswood Park. Bali! Peter Dangerfield, you must have milk and water in your veins instead of blood, and I am only wasting my lime liere talking to you. I'll detain you no longer. I wish you good evening." She had goaded him to the right point at last. As she turned to go, he caught her arm fiercely and held her back. "Stay!" he cried, hoarsely; "you shall not go! You do well to say I hate her. And she shall never marry Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it! Only show me the way liow! Only show me!" he ex claimed, breathless and hoarse, "and see wliethc-r I have blood in my veins in stead of milk and water— a man's pas sions in my heart — though it be the heart of a rickety dwarf!" Ah, that blow struck home. "Look at them once again, Mr Danger- field, lest your brave resolutions should cool— look at Katherine Dangerfield and her lover now." The baronet's daughter was waltzing again— she had a passionate love of dancing, and floated with the native grace of a Bayadere. She was waltzing wi'th Dantree, her long rose- wreathed brown hair floating over her shoulder, her liappy face up lifted as she whirled down the long vista ill uia dl iiLsj tu Lilt; niUk.it. ui. "The Guard's Waltz." "You 6ee," Mrs Vavasor said, signifi cantly, "he who runs may read, and he who stands still may understand. His melancholy tenor voice, his lover-like sighs, his dark, pathetic eyes, have done their work — Katherine Dangerfield is in love with Gaston Dantree! It is' a very old story: A lady of high degree has 'stooped to conquer.' Sir John -won't like it. I daresay; but could Sir John refuse his idolized darling anything? If she cried for the moon she would have it. And she is so impetuous, dear child! She will be Mrs Gaston Dantree in the time it would take another young lady to decide the color of the bridesmaids' dresses." "She shall never be Mrs Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it!" Peter Danger- field cried, vehemently, iris pale blue eyes filled with lurid rage. "Yes, but unhappily there is the. rub— if you can prevent it. You don't sup pose now," Mrs Vavasor said, thought fully, "this Mr Dantiree is in love with, her?" "I know nothing about it. He looks as though he were, at least — and be hauged to him!" "That tells nothing. She is the heiress "of Scarswood, and Mr Dantree — like yourself, I haven't a doubt— is in love with that I v.onder if either of you would want to marry her if she hadn't a farthing— if her brown hair and her fine figure were her only fortune?" "I can answer for myself— I would see her at the deuce first!" "And unless I greatly mistake him, Mr Dantree would also. How she looks up at him! How she smiles! Her infatua tion is patent to the whole room. And; after her. you are the heir-at-law, Mr Dangerfield." "I don't sec what that's got to do with it," the young man retorted, sulkily. "I am likely to remain heir-at-law to the end of my days, for what I see. Sir John will go off the hooks, and she will marry, and there will be a son — half a dozen of "em- most likely — and my cake is dougli. I wish you wouldn't talk about it at all. It's of no use a man howling his life out for what he never can get." "Certainly not— for what he can't get; but I don't perceive the 'can't get in this case. Three people stood between Colo nel Dangerfield and the title six months ago, and they— as you express it in the elegantly allegorical language of the day 'went off the hooks;' and lo! our Indian officer all In a moment steps into three pairs of dead men's shoes, a title, and a fortune. Scarswood may change hands very unexpectedly before the year ends again." "Mrs Vavasor— if that bs your name— I don't understand you. What's the use of badgering a man in this way? If you've got anything to say, say it- never was any hand at guessing riddles. What the deuce do you mean?" Mrs Vavasor laughed gaily. "Forcible, but not polite ! Did you ever have your fortune told.Mr Danger- field ? I have some gipsy blood in my veins. Give me your hand, and I'll tell It, without the proverbial piece of sil ver." He held it out mechanically. Under all this riddle-like talk, he knew some Strong meaning, very much to the point, lay. Whait could she mean? Who could She be? She took his thin, pale, cold hand, and peered into the palm, with the prettiest fortune-telling air imaginable. ... . . naltvi T11V fTPTl- \A. strangely wiequwcu tleman; all its strange future to come. I see a past quiet and uneventful. 1 see a character thoroughly selfish, avarici ous, and unprincipled. No, don't take your hand away; it will do you good to hear the truth once in a way, Mr Dan gerfield. You can hate with tigerish in tensity; you would commit any crime under heaven for money, so that you were never likely to be found out. You care for nobody but yourself, and you never will. A woman stands in your path to fortune— a woman you hate. ' That obstacle will be removed- 1 see here a ruined home, and over ruin and death you step into fortune. Don't ask me how. The lines don't tell that, just yet; they may very soon. You are to .he a baronet, and the time is very near- How do ybu like your fortune. Sir Peter Dangerfield, that is to be?" . . . i a ... J lnAlro/1 Viim She dropped ins nanu, auu ...... full in the face, streaming fire in her black eyes. "Hush-h-h! for Heaven's sake !" he Whispered, in terror. "If you should be overheard!" t "But how do you like it?' "There can be no Question of that. Only I don't understand. You are mock ing me. What you predict can never happen." "Why not?" "Why not — why not?" he exclaimed, impatiently. "You don't need to ask that question. Katherine Dangerfield Stands between me; a life as good— bet ter than my own." The little temptress incumber silk laid her canary-colored glove on his wrist and drew him close to her. "What I predict will happen, as surely as we stand here. Don't ask me how ; I can't tell you to-night. There's a sec ret in Sir John Dangerfield's life— a sec ret I have been paid well to keep— which I have kept for fifteen years, which no money will make me keep much longer. I have a debt of long standing to pay off —a debt of vengeance, contracted before , Katherine Dangerfield was born, which Katherine Dangerfield yet must pay. What will you give me if within the next 1 three months I make you heir to Scars- . -wood?" i "You?" "T." I "It is impossible." j "It Is not!" She stamped her foot. | "Quick.' Tell me— what will you give?" I "I don't understand you." i "I don't mean that you shall yet Will !i yon give me ten thousands pounds the j flay that makes you — through me, mind —lord of Scarswood? Quick! Here come '! cur lovers. Yes or no?" :j "Yes." '! "it js well. I shall have your bond instead of your promise soon. Not a Whisper of this to a living mortal, or all Is at an end. We are sworn allies, then, from this night forth. Shake hands upon 5 it." 1 - They clasped hands. \- He shivered a little, unprincipled c though he was, as he felt the cold, steely 1 clasp of her gloved fingers. She glanc- 1 ed up, a flash of triumph lighting her i eyes, to where Katherine Dangerfield, t still leaning on her handsome lover's ! arm, approached. r "Now, then, my baronet's daughter — L my haughty lititle heiress — look to your self 1 I am a woman who never yet ' spared friend or foe who stood in my " path. Voevictis !" She vanished as she spoke, and Peter Dangerfield, feeling like a man in a 1 dream, his head in a whirl, glided after 1 her as his cousin and her cavalier step- 1 Ped under the arch of rose and myrtle. ' (To be continued.) 