BOME. PAPAL ENCYCLICAL ON UNITY. the office and GIFTS of the HOLT OHOBT, SPECIAL IKDULOENCESi His Holiness Leo XIII., in his Encyclical "Divinum iliud Muiius," Which is addressed to tlie PatHiivclis, Primates, Archbishops, and Bishops of the Catholic Church, points out that nis the ultimate end of the Divine mission which Jesus Christ received froin the Father on behalf of the human r&efe; was to ensure for men a life of glory in a happy eternity, so its proximate object during their existence to earth is that they should possess ahd cultivate a life of Divine grace which may finally bloom into eternal life. Wherefore Our Saviour never ceases with loving kindness to invite all men of every nation and every tongue into the bosom of the one Church : " Come to Me, you all; I am the Life ; I am the Good Pastor." Still, according to His exalted designs, He did not wish to finish and complete the mission by Himself on earth, but as He had received it from the Father, so He transmitted it to the Holy Ghost to be brought to an end. And it is alwavs pleasant, continues the Holy Father, to recall the words Which Christ, a little before leaving the earth, addressed to His disciples : " It is expedient for you that I go, because If I go not, the Paraclete will not cbrne to you ; but if I go I will send Him to you." (St. John xvi., 7). In saying ; these words He especially assigns as the cause of His departure and His return (o the Father the advantage that would undoubtedly result to His disciples from the descent of the Holy Ghost. At the same time He showed that tiie Holy Ghost was sent by Him as by the Father, that He proceeds from Him as from the Father, and that as advocate, consoler, and teacher He would finish the work accomplished by mitf iBvHIfrfnfirt^l life. For tiie comp^tioflj^^i ^ojjMJCredemption was / pVpfTdentially for the manifold pfrwe^-of; it'Sptrtt Who iu the creation Of tU4 ~t bidadorned the lieaveus"" (Job xxvi., IS) aid "filled the earth " (WlSd^eth ^ 1^ ' We hav^-'-iilHrkigienaeavoured, with God's help, to imitate the example of Christ, the preserver b£ men, the Prince of Pastors, and the Gdardian of our souls, faithfully continuing His scission, entrusted first of all to the Apostles and in particular to Peter, " the dignity of which is not wanting even in the case of an unworthy successor " (St Leo M., ser. ii., in aniiiv. ass. suae). Penetrated by this design in every object We have undertaken and pursued during Our Pontificate, which is now so long. We have principally aimed at two things—first, the restoration of Christian life in the family, and in society, amongst princes and peoples, because tliere is no true life except that which flows froiu Christ; secondly, tiie reconciliation of all those who in faith or obedience are separated from the Catholic Church, for assuredly Christ's intention is to unite them all in a single fold under one shepherd. Now that We see the day or Our departure from this life fast, approaching. We earnestly desire to recommend the work of Our Apostolato to the Holy Spirit, Who is vivifying Love, that He may bring it to maturity and fender it fruitful. To attain Our purpose more effectually We have resolved to address you in view of the Feast of rentecost on the presence and wonderful power of the Holy Ghost, showing how, thanks to the remarkable abundance of His gifts from above. He acts and exercises an influence upon the whole Church and the souls Of individuals. Thus, as We ardently desire, faith in the mystery of the August Trinity will be excited and furthered, and ill particular piety will be stirred up and increased towards that Divine Spirit to whom all are indebted Who follow the ways of truth and justice ; for, as St. Basil says : " Who will deny that the gifts made to man by God and by our Saviour Jesus Christ according to the goodness of God, produce their fruit by the grace of the Spirit ?" (De Spiritu Sancto, c. xvi., u. 39). His Holiness then treats of the Mysterv of the Holy Trinity, and afterwards at considerable length of the gifts and graces of the Holy Ghost In including, lie says : Finally, we ought all prav to and shpplicote the Holy Spirit, since there Is no one who does not greatly need His aid and portectjon. For we are all wanting in good Counsel and in strength, tried by cares, ttnd'pi'Orie to evil; we should, thereibfe, take refuge with Him Who Is hit eternal fcnuree of light strength, consolation, and holfnfees. Aad tiom Him above all should be sought that 'Which is so necessary to nlAns-the remission of sins " The Holy Ghost is &e; gift ol the Father and ttj£ ; laid the of tfufe through the Holy Ghost as thrOUfh tfte gift of God " (Suhiiti. Th., 3 a., g. m a, 8 ad 3); and of. the Holy Ghost the ritual more explicitly states ; " He is thfe i-femifeMon 'Of Jffl sins" {Per. iii., post Pent.), m What manner we must pray to Him we- are well taught by the Church, who supplicates and beseeches Him by .the sweetest names : " Come, Thou Fdthfer Of the poor, bestowed of gifts, enlightener Of hearts, best console^ gentle guest of the soul, our.sweet refuge;" and she earnestly begs Him to wash, heal, and water our minds and hearts and to give to those who trust in Him " the merit of virtue, a hajjpy death, and eternal joy." And it cftiiHot be doubted that He will hear those prayers, for of Him It IS written that " The Spirit Himself supplicates for us With ineffable linings " (Rom. vili., 26). 16tL worfl. We must ask Hilfi with cMfldelicS gild constancy to etilighteh us inOre afad more:, and to kindle ifi iiS the &r;£ Of Hi6 love, so that, feuiifrOl-ted by fattfi fiM charity, we ifaay eagerly stHvti lot &ir; eternal reward, for "Hfe iS the pledge of our inheritance" (Eph. !., 14); These, venerable brfelliren, itre the advice and exhortations We havO 8bsired to publish for thfe jifoinbtiOii M devotion to the Holy Gliofet; anft TMcounsels, We dcHibt not, will by IHiJ aid of youi- zeal litear ex^U^ht tffilt amongst the Christian pfeSple. ®5 attain Qiis end We siMl fa^gteet flo eifort on Our part, and We IbteiHl to nourish and pVoindte this piety by every means that will iipjieat to t T s favourable. jieanwhfie, as two years a^o, in Otir Ijetter "Prbvida Matrls," We reeoiiinieiided for tiie Feast of Peiitebost special prayers to lifistefa the advfefit jSt Christian unity. We are now plSlsfca to take hirtlier steps fii thfe sdtnfe niatter. We tlierfefot^ decree aiid orflftiii that throughout tiie Catholic ^orld ih this and all Succeeding years a riiivefif shilll be held before Pfeiitecost iii all parochial chut- ehes, and also, if tlife Ordinary deems it advisable, in ethfei 1 churches and sanctuaries. To all T^fib shall have takefi Tiki-l ih this novefik and prayed for Gar ihteiitlbjis, Wfe grant in God fen Indulgence bf sev<»|i yehrs and seven <juarai(tineS for feajM day ; then a Plehiiry. Indulgence tor one of those days—either the F'east {ff Pentecost itself 01- One Of the dafs within the oetftvfe—to all 6, hSviflfe been to confession aiid GoiiiiniiHlbg, Shall plOttsly pray fbr Our ihtefttlbfi. We also Wish that thfe sdiiie hQfkStages Should be enjoyed by tho&e; whb may be prevented by i legitiihatfe cause from attending thfe |>ifblic prayers, and in Cases where, ttfccSi<ding td the discretion Of the Ordlu&i;^, these prayei'g cannot colirfenifeizriy Bj} offered up, provided that a novfefift bfe made privately and the otiier COhdltions fulfilled. Moreover, Wfe are pleased to grant for ever froih tiie treasury of the Church the power tit gaining the two Indulgences to thOsfe Who again in public or in private will, according to their piety, recite tf^Sr day ptayei-s to the Holy Ghost through the octave of PentecOst to the Feast Of the Blessed Trinity inclusive, aha wlio shall satisfy the Other conditions. AH these Indulgences are applicable Tjy suffrage to the Souls in Ptirgritor^. And now Our niiiid and tliofigliife fevert to tiie desires which We e4prfcs%fcil at the otitset. We appeal arifl Shall cohtiiiue to appeal to the Holy (rhfflt for their fulfilment. Unite yOur prayers With Oiii s, venerable bretKi'eh, and* through j'Our exhortations let Jill join in these petitions, having recourse to the powerful and most acceptable Intercession of the Blessed Virgin, l'tiu know what intimate and beautiful relations exist between hei- and the HOly Spirit, so that she is deservedly cfllled His Immaculate Spouse. Assu&ai;,v tiie prayer of the Blessed Virglii tvafe of much efficacy both for the MyMeir of the Incarnation aiid the descent 6t fiie Holy Ghost on the Apostles. Ma£ benignly eohtimie to gite stretigtli to our common pi-flyers by bet frttaonigfe, so that amidst ttifeafflicted nations Oie Divine marvels foretOM by Da^M be renewed through the splHt: " Sena forth thy Spirit find they Shall be created, and ThoU Shalt renew the face Of the earth " (Ps., e. iii-, 30). As tiie Apostolic flenedieiiodlOtlBclt til thfe LOrd to yOii, vfeflfei-ablfe lk-eMff^, anato yotir elerfey utifl JieOple.—"^CltSSlie TJiaes." .'. i—nr """-ni -n-i William," mlh one Quafer^to "ihW^SsWftP-ai Jjev^c eaRgSsbody name?, but, if man should cgsie.l^. mfe anf. aayj.' lil», I Wftqt tfe^g t» find the biggest iter in the countej' I. would come ,to thee and sayj ' .a wudU to Bee tl^e-p«a'tl?n|afly.'" IT IB S & W N That HliVfe B^en ftcCtifet to tife 4&&9BKtt «lceets ot If ^§ffld hbt exc6aH|e It *<k ftfi^ oth® ti^lc. 