The Phantom Voice, A STRANGE CASE IN A PENNSYL. .VAS'%A COURT. Sitting on the verandah of his sum mer residence by alr inland lake In Michigan, surrounded by his family and guests, the venerable Judge Wattles told the strangest tory of lis professional career. "Immediately following my admission to the bar," he said, "I was reade prose cuting attorney, accepting the honor as a deserved tribute to my superior abili ties. But you must bear in mind that this was a good many years ago, la a little' valley town of Pennsylvanis, where we were hemmed in by the mountains and had few with whem to compare In the matter of intelligence or. attainments. "In the criminal annals of the county there were the evidences of a well-das posed community, and it came as a startling sensation when Farmer Jen kins, driving home late one night, was beaten to insensibility and robbed of a large sum of money. Hpre was work for me and I went at it with the seal of an ambitious beginner. Jenkins In sisted that he would be able to Identify his assalilant, seen in the dim moonlight that sifted through the trees, describing him as a tall, well-dressed young man with a dark moustache, and an angry red scar across his left cheek. "'Why, I seed tihbt air critter, de. clared Constable Joe Huskey. 'I him on him sudden like yisterday when I was flshin' at Punkey Holler crick. Tt' fellar war in swimmin' an' tole me he war just outen the city fur a lettle re creation. I'd know him 'mongst a thou san'.' "By employing competent assistance from Philadelphia,we ran down our man, Jenkins and Huskey both recognising him at sight. A feaw days after the arrest and while I was working on the case, a handsome, matronly appearing woman walked into the office, introduc ing herself as the mother of the prisoner. who had given the name of HIarry Win ter. She bore the unmistakable marks of refinement, and in a brief statement punctuated by convulsing sobs, assured me that a terrible mistake had been made. Harry Was her son, her only sup port, and she a widow. He was the soul of honor, and had never given her an hour's anxiety. He was with her the night of the assault and robbery. They had walked for an hour In the evening, after which he read to her, going to Iris room at 11. It was a physical as well as a moral impossibility for him to have done the great wrong laid at his door. Her story greatly Impressed me. but there was the positive identifica. tion by Jenkins and the constable. "Less than a week later I had another caller; a well-dressed man, who walked with a limp, and who said he had been subpoenaed by the defence to show Win ter's good reputation. But nothing could have surprised him more, for he knew the accused to have a damning re cord. He declared that he had a full confession of that very crime from the prisoner, who had relied upon tile cripple as a loyal friend, simply because they had met occasionally at the mother's house. This swept away the doubts that site had created, convincing mn that her clinging love had overcome her regard for the truth. I gained a pro mise from the cripple tlhat he would say nothing till called to the stand by the other side. "When the prosecution had made its case at the trial I was entirely satisfied. Just after Jenkins and Huskey had sworn point blank, as I knew they would. word reached me that there was a pri vate detective in tile court room who wanted Winter for a crime committed In New York. This was help from an un expected source, and I soon had it before the Jury that the ugly sear ona Winter's cheek was made by a man defending his home against burglars. There was not a areaklinkin the chain of evidence thanY had been coilled about him. "On his behalf the testimony of the weeping mother made a deep impres sion, but I was confident that the spell she had put upon the twelve men sitting in judgment Would yield to the cool de liberations of the jury room. After seve ral unknown witnesses had given testi mony tending to show that Winter had led a reputable life, the man who had called upon me limped to the stand, and I must confess that I rejoiced at the an ticlpated confusion of the defence. "But there was a most unaccountable intervention. No sooner was tihe oath ad ministered to the witness than a voice from overhead solemnly warned him to remember that he had made sacred pro mise before his Maker to tell nothing but the truth. The prisoner dropped heavily Into his chair, the jurymen went white as ghosts, and the judge cast a troubled look about tile ceiling as if to detect tile bold offender. 'Older in the court' was gruffly demanded and the case proceed ed. The first material question asked was as to the character of the prisoner, and that same phantom voice, this time from tihe rear of the judge, called the collapsed witness by name, and said, in measured tones: 'Remember that the pains and penalties of perjury are not inflicted in this world alone, but are im posed through all eternity.' "The court whirled and gasped with a terror that his pride sought vainly to conceal. An unknown dread was upon me and the jurymen were stricken with fright. Hard-headed and practical old farmers as they were, the superstition that had lain dormant and dying through generations was quicikened into life. But it was the witness who cringed and stared as though In the presence of death. He admitted a bitter enmity to ward the prisoner whose'liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and wound up by not only swearing that Winter was a model young man, but that he was seen walk ing with his mother by the witness on the night in question. "I felt the ground slipping from under me, but the dramatic climax was yet to come. From an open door into one of the small adjacent rooms hurried an ex cited man. with striking features and blazing eyes. lie rushed to the prisoner, embracing him as a father might have done, and then denianded, rather than requested, that his evidence might be taken. It was to the effect that he had been a captain In the Mexican war, that lWinter. then a mere boy, was a drum mer whom the captain loved as a fa ther: that when he was shot from his horse in a charge the boy gallantly fought back tihe murderous Mexicans till stronger assistance could come, and that there he had received the wound which left such a ghastly scar. The Im petuous witness even got in a statement that there must be some vile conspiracy against Winter, and wanted to confront the private detective. But he had dis appeared. The Jury acquitted without retiring, and I thought their verdlict a righteous one. S'One evening, some years later, when South on business, I found time heavy on my hand and dropped Into a place ot amusement. I was Indifferently inter ested until that voice of the court roomn which still haunted my memory, came fromt an upper corner of the hall. I felt like running, but, turning to the stage. I saw my hero of the Mexican war, He tipped me a recognition, and later went with me to the hotel. Tihere under pledge of secrecy, he gave me the insida facts of that mysterious trial. '1The alleged mother, the alleged de tective, the alleged captain, tile cripple. and Winter were all members of a shrewd gang of crooks operating in the eas. Winter had committed the rob bery, and his pals had put up the elabo-. rate scheme which saved him. They en Joyed many a laugh over thie manner inR wich tlhey had 'done' the t'liubres' lip In nit county. Winter was then doing a life sentence. Tihe 'motkhel' waso dead, tri. 'dte c'ti 'c' Ih-' the country, and the criplte 50er',t with him. Thi 'captain' was II,. of tlie btr ve'trrillStsi Of the day. :.rid had brecolm a 'liir.vesor,' who l~ t? ant honic?t living. It was hris voice, thrrni at will. that ittit us simrle Penn. sylrUlar1 folks tiikil t.iithat we had en. .....ur , t.,,.o fh ur, rnnturl~n."' .' 