HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, July 27. The galleries of the Assembly were mode rately weli patronised on Tuesday, and there wa3 a good attendance of honorable members, who gave a varied and interesting performance during the day. To begin with Captain Wal lington brought down a message from the Governor preparatory to the passage of a Supply Bill for the service of the quarter end iug wi h September, but it was some hours be fore the measure itself was reached. The Trea cijs in reBpect to the disqualification or other wise of members indebted to the Government for wire-netting, as he asserts thatf thny should consult their own solicitors. He promises to introduce clauses into the forthcoming District Council Bill to make the law clearer, bu* ho refuses to bring in a validating measure. Mr. Mortlock received a promise that the Vermin Fencing Bill would be proceeded with next day and Mr. Grainger was told that a measure to amend the Marine Board Act is to be introduced. Dr. Cockburn, in reference to a letter on tho subject in The Advertiser on Tuesday, told Mr. MePherson that lie would enquire as to the promise made to invite competitiva designs for new public buildings, and he undertook to find out for Mr. Scherlc what has becomo of the coins given by Mr. W. A. Horn to the National Museum. It was 2.27 p.m. before the business of the day was reached; and Mr. Jenkins at once secured the postpostment till next Tuesday of his motion in favor of the construction of the Bun daleer Water Scheme because certain plans are not ready. At the instance of the Treasurer, the House agreed to sit on Wednesday even ings until the Commonwealth Bill is disposed of, and then there was a great expenditure of time on tho motion to go into Committee of Supply, the speakers being Messrs. Grainger, O'Malley, McPheraon, Catt, Castine, Batche lor, Wood, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Cald well, Coneybeer, Mortlock, Archibald, McGil livmy, and the Treasurer who briefly and clearly replied to all the criticisms uttered. Tlieu in five minutes the Supply Bill for £?100,000 went through all itB stages, and at 5.55 p.m. Mr. O'Malley resumed his spcocli on theCotnmonwea'tli Bill. He was followed by Mr. Burgoyno and Mr. Wood, and the House rose ab 11.7 p.m. The absentees of the day | and Kingston. The Treasurer on Tuesday moved that until the consideration of the Commonwealth Bill has been completed by the Assembly, Govern ment business talce precedence- of other legis lative work on Wednesday eveningH. Ho pointed out that federation was now blocking the Vermin Fencing Bill, the Bundaleer Water works, the Repurchase Bill, and other impor tant measure* Sir John Downer agreed to the motion on condition that only the Com monwealth Bill should be taken on Wednesday nights, while Mr. Brooker expressed himself willing to sit late every day. ' That wouldn't be fair to the country members,' objected Mr. Solomon. Mr. Grainger advised that the Go vernment should have control of all Tues day and Wednesday, while Thursday should bo handed over to private business. Then, he said, if country members wanted to go homo on that dav their absence would rather be an advantage than otherwise. 'That's a good idea,'1 agreed Mr. Foster, and Mr. Coneybeer took the same view, but Major Castiuo thinks private members should have greater latitude. Mr. Homburg thought it would bo dangerous to give up Wednesdays always, although lie is willing to stand aside for the Commonwealth Bill and tho Budget. Ho accused the Govern ment of not caring 2Jd. about the measure. ' I don't think that is quite fair,'1 said Mr. Solomon, who urged that tho Government are not responsible for the delay of the Bill, which lias been k-- pt back by the long speeches of certain mambew. 'That's funny, coming from you,' commented Mr. Price. | Mr. Burgoyne agreed that it was necessary to sib late in order to get on with -the Bill. Mr. Holder, in reply, affirmed that his one object' in asking for Wednesday nights is to gat on with the Commonwealth Bill, although lie will always havo some other subject ready for dis cussicm itmaao Federation is suddenly dropped. He repudiated the suggestion of Air. Ham burg that tho Government are not in earnest. Then at 2.47 p.m. tho motion was carried, the o'nly ' No' being that of Mr. Homburg'. On Tuesday Mr. Scherk nsked tho Treasurer whether he will get a report as to the advisa bility of extending West-torface westward, and Mr, Holder answered iu tho affirma tive. This induced Major Castinc to af-k whether Parafield Cemetery is to bo sold, wid ho was assured that there is no such intention. Mr. Batcholor mildly pro tested against the dead being brought from a wide radius to b« deposited in tho centre, of populous West Adelaide, nud the Trensurer explained that ho had only undertaken to get a report. 'Will you consider the advisability of utilising Victoria-Bquare as a cemetery ?' enquired Mr. Balchelor sarcastically, and Mr. Holder did not reply. Later iu tho day Major Castine complained that 257 acres of splendid land at Paratield, which are costing hundreds of pounds yearly, are being wasted, and he urged that the field should be used as an experimental rarrn in connection witn me Roseworthy College. Mr. Batchelor expressed alarm at the suggested extension of West terrace Cemetery, and advised that either Parafield or a nearer place on the railway line should be used. Mr. Wood corroborated a statement that on hot nights a bad smell arises from the West-terrace Ceme tery. The Treasurer, in reply, expressed the hope that the West-terrace Ceme tery will not be extended. 'Hear, hear,' agreed Mr. Wood, and Mr. Holder went on to say that he does not think there is any land available for the purpose. ' Oh, yea there is,' said Mr. Scherk confidently, and Mr. Holder added that there is a good deal to be said both forand against theParafield Cemetery, which is rather far away, but he hopes that either that or some other site removed from the city will be ultiniately used. On tho motion 'to go into Committee of 'Supply' on Tuesday Mr. Grainger at 2.47 p.m. once more brought up the question of the Thyer leases and the Treasurer. Ho stated that when he first heard the story he refused to believe it, while he denied that he had ever used it for party purposes, lie had said long ago that if three reputable and independent ac countants would enquire into the matter and would report that they were satisfied ho would go round and tell all the members of the House that everything was all right. His friends, he said, brought such pressure to bear upon him when he was ill and worried with the object of dissuading him from mentioning tbe subject in Parliament that he had been rendered suspicious and exasperated. In reply to an interjection by Mr. O'Loughlin ho explained, however, that he had not been approached by any member of the Govern ment. Apart from the conduct of the Treasurer, he objects that the reductions were not justified and that they only resulted from undue pressure. xne runs is mguer man it ought to bo now,' said Mr. Mortlock, but Mr. Grainger questioned whether that opinion was unbiassed. Finally he urged that the country is not yet satisfied, and that they will not be until three independent and competent men have thoroughly investigated all the facts of the case and given their opinions upon them. So having spoken for an hour he eat down. Subsequently Mr. Holder, in referring to Mr. Grainger's speech, said that long since the Government had produced every item of information on tha subject of the Thyer leases, and he appealed from tho member for Wallaroo to the House and to the people outside for their verdict as to his conduct. Rising at 3.45 p.m. in the Assembly on Tues day Mr. O'Malley referred to the charges levelled against him last year by political opponents. He said he believes in keeping tlio fountain head of justice pure, and he recog nised that had Mr. Morehend's slanders been true he was not fit to bit in Parliament. If he had not been able to produce evidence to vindi cate himself, he said, hs would not have come back from West Australia. Elected to the Housu on April 25, 189G, ho was asked for assistance by Morehead on May 25, and be sides giving him mouey ho e:ot him a position at Broken Hill, from which he was dismissed at his (Mr. O'Malley's) instigation on July 21. The first blackmailing letter was received from Moruhead on July 29, and when afterwards in the street he was refused help Morehead threatened to pro to Mr. Chittleborough, secre tary cf the Licensed Victuallers' Association and tell him some stories about him (Mr. O'Malley). In November he entered an action against Morehead, and it was tried on .December i ana lie was treated, he complained, as though he was the defen dant and Morehead the informant. ' Didu't the judge advise you to go into the box ?' asked Mr. Solomon. The reply was 'No, he | said he didn't believe either of us.' ' What, were you both Americans?' asked Mr. Wood, and there was a laugh, after which Mr. O'Malley remarked that neither Mr. Cave, Mr. Parsons, nor Mr. Hutchinson was asked to no in the box, and ho would not have been had ho not been a poor stranger. The judge, he suggested, had bflen so many years in politics that perhaps he was an expert on tha value which ought to be set on a legislator's cha racter, and so be only awarded him £2 2s. damasos. which so far had not-been mid. He did not wish, he said, to bolster himsolf up on the ghosts of the departed wit and wisdom of the dead members of the O'Malley family, but stood on his own character. Ho then read a letter from Mr. W. Dumphy, manager of tho Home Insurance Company, Sim Francisco, from .which Morehead had alleged he bad been dismissed. The letter began 'My dear King,' and in it Mr. Dumphy I said he had never met Morehead, and be categorically denied tho statements that person had made concerning Mr. O'Malley. Mr. Dumphy aftirmed that Mr. O'Malley was in no way indebted to him or the company, and bore testimony to tho fact of his trustworthi ness and reliability, concluding with a sugges tion that he would beghid to insure his life for 10,000 dollars. Ho enclosed a letter written to him by Mr. Chittleborough on October lit. 181KJ, in his capMiily as Hecrctary of what Mr. O'Malley somewhat bitterly des cribed as ' that Christian, progressive, and exalted Licensed Victuallers' Association, which pretended to have nothing to do with Morehead.' Mr. Dumphy aluo sent tho answer forwarded to Mr. Chiltleburough on O'Malley was a Canadian, and wrote of him as an energetic worker of marked ability, strictly honest, entirely rt'li.lMo and trustworthy. ' Why,' asked Mr. O'Malley with warmth, ' was that letter supprc.-sed by the associa tion?' and members clu-ered hvs'ily, ns they! did afterwards when he asserted that it is the duty of the House to protect its member?. | He states that l-o will move- to have Air. Chittluborough brought before thebaras soon as 'possible, and ha accused the Licensed Viutn.il lers' Association of bning behind 'the wilful malignant perjuries of Mooreliead.' Ho also assorted that Messrs. Aid ridge, Jene, niid Heming had supplied Morehead with money ; to fi^lit the action in the Supreme Court. 'Every dog has its day, and this is my day,' he said, 'The cats have 'their uifrhts.' 'Well J! know it,' interjected Mr. WooJ, fervently, j Ho has evidently been kept awake lately. Mr. ; O'Malley finally challenged tho police to ' enforce the Sunday closing law which now lie asserts is fiagrau'tly violated. Later in the afternoon Mr. Mortlook congratulated Mr. O'Malle.v and said ho wos«xaoedtugly glad that ho had cleared himself, fur, though no dislikes hie politics, ho looks oti him as a fripnd, Tho House loudly alioq^ed this i/i.'iu-nms fcpor.'e-h. For two and ft half «enturiira tha right of airing griuvaucus of all sorts mid description); when Ruing into Cnmmitteu o[ Uuitply \i%» balanced to the members of al) Purl laments osiftbllHlKid within the Jirluth Kiujiire, and in South Aubttvtlm, at any rata, full jutvuntogn in taken of tho anuiont privilege, On Tuesday botweun thrco mid four, liuui-s wero thus frit tered away, although aftunvaida legislators made- up for their previous diintorineas by whipping a Supply Bill lor £4u-J,0U0 through all its stagea in five, iniuutea. 'J'o lu^in with Mr. Grainier talked of tho Thyer lenttea and then Mr. O'Malley presented a message from West Australians iu favor of an inter colonial railway. Afterwards ho Bpoko on u. more personal matter. Mr. I»lcPhernon com plained of the partiality with which tho boniiKes have been distributed to officers who did extra work during the sitting of the Federal Convention, Mr. Catt condemned the military official who recently vilified the horses of the Port Germein Mounted Rifles, Major Castine supported the contention of Mr. McPheraon aud had something to say as to cemeteries, concerning which Mr. Batchelor also addressed the House, Mr. Wood asserted that in the matter of retiring allowances poor widows are robbed while those who have influence obtain all they demand, Sir John Downer agreed that the glut hand who does his work satisfactorily is better entitled to a bonus than tho man regularly engaged, Mr. Caldweil brought a hospital matter before the House, Mr. Coneybeer pleaded for a public works policy, Mr. Mortlock urged that a really liberal Pastoral Bill and proper legislation in respect to vermin-proof fencing would con siderably help the unemployed, Mr. Archibald accused the Graving Dock Select Committee of deliberately misleading the House and of making 'rascally loose statements,' while Mr. McGillivray protested against the long hours worked by the lunatic asylum warders. The Treasurer, 'in reply, expressed regret that he could not always keep a public works policy ready in bis waistcoat pocket, and he remarked that he would be glad if someone would suggest a good policy. 'Then get off the benches,' said Mr. Brooker. Mr. Holder claimed that the Buudaleer water scheme had been pushed on as rapidly as possible, aud that a similar course is being taken with the Graving Dock Bill, and lie added that 1,400 men are engaged on public works outside of mere mainteuance. If federation is quickly disposed of it will clear the way for other matters, he reminded the House, and he quickly and effectively disposed of Mr. Cald well's hospital coruplaiut. He promised to see that the federal bonuses are properly apportioned, and he satisfied Mr. Catt's mind as to tho injury done to the feelings of Port Germein riflemen. Mr. Holder hopes that, the West Australian Government will co-operato in the construction of the line from Port Augusta to Coolgardie, and so he sat down at 5.50 p.m. The Commonwealth Bill, so far as tho Assembly is concerned, seems to be in danger nf eiiflVinai inn ]\v frnlb- A1r_ O'NfalltfV- u'llO began the second chapter of his speech on Tuesday at 5.5G p.m., brought up his total contribution to two hours before he sat down at 8. 10 p. m. He spoke of the sacredness of tho Senate and the Federal Court, while he urged ! that the federal capital should be in national territory held in fee-simple for ever and only leased to occupiers. He would like to see it on the Murray so that the granite along that j river may bo used in erecting the Commonwealth buildings, aud the canal fiom Goolwa to Victor Harbor may be rendered a necessity. Besides that he points out we should have two milch cows ? then, the State and the Federation. He hopes the Convention will creato a grand Constitu tion, national in sentiment, democratic in form, progressive in character, aud strongly j founded on the principles of love, liberty,- and j law. There were cheers, and Mr. Burgoyne prayed for the sympathy of the House in ! having to follow the eloquent and florid ' utterance of a highly Amerinanised Canadian, | who, he said, was naturally imbued with great : affection for Yankee institutions. Mr. Bur- 1 goyno looks to the ultimate union of Australia aud America with other English- speaking nations as props of the world's liberty. He proclaims himself a humble opponent of the financial compromise, aud ho thinks the Federal Court ca-n bo very well run by tho Chief Justices of the various States. When Mr. Wood rose at 9.50 p.m. his only listeners wero the Speaker, the Treasurer, the Minister of Education, Messrs. Burgoyne, Caldweil, Cummins, Carpenter. Glyuu, Hourigan, Landseer, McGillivray, McLach Ian, MePherson, O'Malley, Price, Randell, and Solomon. Just afterwards, Dr. Cockburn having gone home, Mr. Holder crossed the floor to speak to Major Castine, so that the Treasury bench was left empty. Noticing this. Mr. Solomon took one end and Mr. Price the other, and Mr. Wood said he was glad to see tho Government places had been jumped. ? 'Which Minister are you addressing1:' aoked | a facetious member, and Mr. Wood, waving | his hand towards Mr. Solomon, replied, ' I am ' addressing the Treasurer, aud I rejoice to ob- | serve that he has improved in condition lately,' | a. retort which caused loud laughter. Mr. Wood : etilogiEed the speech of Sir John Downer, | which he said was one of tho most Liberal | utterances on federation to which he has : listened, and he also praised Mr. Reid for the . _gldness of his speeches in England, which he ' ton3iders stand out in bold relief from those of { some of his fellow- Premiers. At 10.55 p.m. j Mr. Wood asked leave to deliver the remaining ! hour of his speech noxt day, but the Treasurer j objected, and he was obliged to go on. Twice, j owing to the calls of Mr. Pries and Mr. | MePlierson, the bells had to be rung iu order to get a quorum together, aud at 1 1.7 p.m., as Mr. Holder saw that the Labor Party «Ji-l not intend to help him make a House, h-; re luctantly consented to the adjournment of the [ debate till next evening. 