Cortiki Lanoer in Edinburgh. In company with several of iny comrades— namely; Houston, Sparkes, Brady, Williams, Hiirkess, and Todhunter— we left Sluaiie square Station (it 7.30 a.m. on Wednesday, 7th July, nnd took train for King's-cross, tho London terminus of thu great North Eastern Railway, Where we met two. more of ouip'coiriradc8;-^Sergehnt M'Kenzie and Trooper Mortoh. ? We were determined to pay. Auld Reekie ft visit beforo we returned to sliiin'y N.S. W. A special car was put on for us, and we took our seats nnd waited patiently for the train to start. We passed the old ivy-covered tower of flornsey Church and several other places of historic interest, and then were soon out in the country, which looked beautiful, haymaking being in full swing. There is some beauti ful country scenery nlong the route, and everything looked fresh and green, the scarlet poppys and white murgarotts lend ing a variation of color to tho scene. The first place of call is Grantham, 100 miles from London, where we stayed for a few minutes, after receiving a hamper of re freshments each, for which we had to pay 3s a hamper, having previously ordered them from London. Our next place of call was the grand old city of York, where we stayed 25 minutes. The old walls of the city are in a good state of preservation, and we had a view of the city from the top of the wall. One of the most conspicuous and interesting objects is the White Horse of York. The figure of a horse is cut out of the turf, and is 374 feet long ; and, when the afternoon sun shines on tlie figure, it mftv hn Kct'n In milpn n.wuv. Tim Whit.,, Horse is the badge of the county of York. Our next call is Newcastle-on-Tyne, one of the greatest coal-mining centres in England. Leaviug Newcastle, wo next arrive at Ber wick-on-Tweed, and, passing over the Royal Border Bridge, we entered Scottish ground, and gave three cheers for Auld Scotland. After passing several places of historic in terest, we arrived at the Waverly Station, Edinburgh, at G p.m., and, after collecting our luggage, put up for the night at the Old Waverly Hotel, Princes-street, which is a beautiful thoroughfare, more like a terrace than a street, having on one side handsome shops, hotels, nnd public buildings, and on the other beautiful gardens. At the east end of this street rises Calton Hill, on which stand the Observatory, Burns', nnd other handsome monuments. There is a beauti ful view of the city from the top of Nelson's Monument. In front of the Waverly Hotel stands Scott's Monument, which is 200 feet high, and cost over £15,000 to build. After ten, we took a stroll through the town, atid were everywhere the centre of attraction, especially by tlie urchins, who followed us up along the street, and the further we went the congregation increased, until we had about 300 or 400 at our heels. Here we met some of the Queen's Edinburgh Volunteers, who released us from our tor mentors, and, acting as . guides, showed us round the town. We were taken through a street — I forget the name of it— where the notorious Burke and Haro used to carry on their murders in 1828. One place in par ticular had a gruesome interest — namely, a long narrow passage leading to the yard, where they used -to lay in wait for thir vic tims as they came along the pavement, and put a pitch plaster over their faces, and drag thein down the passage and smother them ; then sell their bodies to the doctors for dissection. This place is in tho slums of the city, where an occasional unsavoury odour makes itself apparent to the nasal organ, whicli brought to my mind the old saying, 'Sweet Edinburgh, I smell thee noo.' We afterwards went to the head quarters of tho Queen's Volunteers, nnd on the way met some of the Australian stu dents from the University. There are 500 Australians studying medicinein Edinburgh. They have an Australian Club, arid, of course, we had to pay a visit there and have a drink before we went down to the ' Queen's,' and were made honorary mem bers of their Club. We afterwards went to the headquarters of the 'Queen's,' and, after inspecting a Maxim gun, we went to the sergeants' mess, nnd Scotch whisky began to flow till some of us thought it was time to gu, having had sufficient aboard. We wended our way back to the hotel with our escort, at 11 p.m., and, after bidding them 'guid nicht, and promising to meet next day, we retired for the night. After breakfast next morning, I took the train to Aberdeen, and Mac. nnd myself having friends to call on, we proceeded to Tarvit street, and stayed at our frionds' till after twelve o'clock, when, according to promise, we proceeded to the Australian Club to meet our comrades. In the meantime, they had visited the Castle, also the old Parlia ment Buildings, and were introduced to the Lord Provost (Sir A. M 'Donald) by Colonel Cranston. His Lordship gave them a cor dial welcome, and they partook of cako and wine with liim. The health of the Colonies was proposed, and, in the name of the Colonials, Corporal Sparke proposed a vote of thanks to the Lord Provost. A number of Councillors were present, and great in terest was manifested in the visit. My comrades having just loft the Australian Club to visit the Medical College, I pro ceeded with one of the students and met them there. We were shown all through the first rooms, nnd visited the lecture rooms, where all the seats are raised behind the other in a half circlo round the room. In front are the blackboards, on whicli the professors describe to the students the sub jects of tlie lecture. The next room visited was tho bone-room, and it is moro like a museum, the skeleton of almost every liv ing thing, from a frog to an elephaut, being kept there, also all deformities or growths on bone. Thore is one particularly inter esting object to be seen there — viz., a man who used to exhibit himself in a show. He was tattooed all over the body with all kinds of figures, in colors, and it is said thore was uot a square inch of his body that had not a mark of some sort on it. Ho died in Ediuburgh of some sickness, And the doctors skinned his back and chest, and E reserved the skin. It is to be seen in the one-room, and the figures are as plain as they were in life, and are most beautifully done. There are a number of skeletons, including that of tho murderer Burke. We were next taken into the dissecting-room, where thero were over' a dozen tables, on which were parts of human bodies, pro cured from the unclaimed bodies in the Poor-house. It was a gruesome sight, from which we were not long in making our exit. The next room was thu operating-room, where the patient is put under chloroform. After being put under that drug in the one room, he is wheeled into the next room to the opernting-table, where the operation takes place before tho students, who occupy seats similar to those in tho lecture-room. After leaving tho College, wo wore taken to tho Infirmary adjoining, and wore shown through several of the wards, in which overy lied was occupied. Some of the patients were bedridden for years. Thero are pa tieuts in this Infirmary from all parts of tho British Islands and the Continent. The Infirmiuy bears a groat name, which speaks well for professors and doctors, and for education in Edinburgh, which is said to be one of the greatest seats of. learning in tho world. We now returned to the Aus tralian Club, where we partook of s'omo re freshment; and afterwards settled-ourselves down for a chat for half-an-hour; during which some .interesting information was gaincd about the Medical School and Edin burgh in generol. We afterwards,. in com pany with half a dozen students, came back to the hotel and had tea, aftor which we .took a walk up to Calton Hill, and ascended Nelson's Monument. It is built on the highest part of the hill, in the shape of a telescope, and looks very much like a light house. It is 102 feet high, and is sar mounted by a time-ball, which falls at one o'clock, and fires a gun at the Castle, about a mile away. Above the door is the crest of Nelson, and tjiore is a ' collection of objects connected with the old warrior at the base. A staircase leads to the top, the charge for which is 3d. There is a splendid view of the city from the top, and, after scratching our names on the'timelmll, wo descended, ns there was a strong cold wind blowing off the sen, which was very dis agreeablo. We then took a walk down to Leith, the seaport of Edinburgh, about two miles from Waverly. There was a great crowd of people there returniug from the working- men's picnic. All the cart horses were decorated with ribbons, and mounted by a lump of a lad in a Scotch bonnet. They looked as if they had been indulging in a wee bit too much, as several of them tried to lead their chargors into the hotel bar to have a drink, and some of them suc ceeded in their object after a little pushing from behind. We did not go to see the result inside, but, in company with our friends the students nnd volunteers, en tered an hotel on the other side of Uie street, where we drank each others'-heafth in a ' wee drappie hot.' We then entered the billiard-room, where a few friendly games were indulged in, nnd, after a ' doch-an-dorus,' we started back on the tram, and arrived at the hotel at ten o'clock. Just as the tram stopped, a piper came along, and, at the request of C ? , the piper played 'The Campbells are coming,' and, as one of the others previously proposed that we take a march down the street and hack, off wo started, for, as C ? said, ho might never again be in Auld Reekie, and he would like to be able to say that he marched down her main street to his old clan tune. Not being staying at the hotel that night, I bade my comrades adieu, and proceeded to my friend Mr. F ? 's place, where I was staying, accompanied by several of our friends. On the way we mot several more of the Volunteers and others, I, being in uniform, attracting their attention, and, of course, they stopped us and inquired my name. When told, one would say, 'Good old Scotch name,' ' Give us' your hand, mon,' 'You must hae a drink, mon;' then out would come the bottle of whisky from the pocket. Another would say, 'The same name as mysel', God bless tlie Duke of Argylo.' One individual, bearing the Italiau name of M'Gregor, volunteered to give me a bath of whisky if I would accept of it, but I was ' not having any.' I arrived at my friend's at about eleven o'clock, and retired for the night. Next day, in company- with young F ? , I pro ceeded to Leith, from where we took the boat for the Forth Bridge. Thero was a great number of passengers on board, most' of 'thorn visitors to Edinburgh from different parts of the world who had come over for the Jubilee. After going about six miles up the Forth, wo came to the bridge, and, steaming under it, landed at South Queens ferry. I cannot, in writing, give any idea of the immensity of the structure, as a per son wants to see it himself to grasp the tremendous size and height of it. It cost £3,000,000 to build, nnd it is over a mile and n half long. It is approached from each side by immense viaducts of massive piers of masonry and girders of steel. It is the largest of its kind in existence, aud was. opened in 1890 by the Prince of Wales. The foundations were commenced in January, 1883. The greatest depth of tho foundation is 88 feet below high water, and there are twelve circular piers, each 10,000 tons weight. The greatest height above high-water mark of cantilevers is 361 feet. Upwards of 40 miles of steel platen were used in the construction of the tubo alone. The railway along which the train runs is nearly as high as tho dome of St. Paul's in London. A staff of workmen are constantly engaged in painting the bridge. There were 200 deaths from accidents dur ing its construction. After viewing the bridge, we returned to town by coach, ahout nine miles, driving through Lord Rose bery's estate. Farming was in full swing on several farms, aud there were to be seen about twenty women hoeing turnips. Hay making wns being proceeded with in all directions. I also saw some of His Lord ship's famous black cattle, and they are, without doubt, a splendid lot. After pass ing several inns on the way, we arrived back at F ? '8 at 1 p.m. After having a rest, in company with young F ? I took a walk in the afternoon through the town, and went to Holyrood Palace, the ancient residence of the Scottish Royalty. It being closed, we had a walk round the grounds, aud afterwards went to the Hunters' Bog Rifle Range, which lies between the Salis bury Crags and Arthur's Seat, and is the best situated range I have seen. The butts are at the foot of Arthur's Seat Hill, and tho line of fire is across the valley, and the longer the range the further up the hill behind 'Salisbury Crags they go, so that at 600 yards they are firing down hill. Thore is no fear of the bullets going over as it is fully 800ft high. The voluntoers wore com peting for prizes, and the recruits were going through their course, so there was some first-class shooting, and bullseyes were common. I had the pleasure of hav ing 10 rounds at the 400 yards range, and I did better than I expected. We afterwards came back to town, where I promised to meet iny comrades, and as one of the Queen's Own Volunteers promised to bring down a piper at 8 p.m. to march us up to their head-quarters to a smoke concert, I proceeded there and met them. Our com Eany was now reduced to two, the others aving dispersed to various parts of the country to see frionds. After waiting till aftor 8, we started to walk to the place, but on the way we met some of tho Artillery Volunteers coming down to meet us in a drag. They snid they were just going to open new head-quarters, and had got per mission from the others to enjoy our com pany for au hour or so at a smoke concert, so we accompanied thetn to their barracks. They kept us till the last, and we enjoyod ourselves immensely. What with drinking, smoking, singing, &c.;, some of them got very talkative. Captain Ormiston proposed the health of the visitors, to which S ? , M'K ? , and myself responded, after which we bade them good night and dis persed, I going to my friends and the others to their lodgings. Next day, in company with Mr. and Mrs. F ? , I wont to see another friend, Mr. M'K ? , at Bruns wick Road, and in the afternoon went with him and two lady members of his family to see Holyrood Palace, which stands about 300 yards from the foot of Salisbury Crags. Holyrood Palace was built by David the First, and dedicated to the Holy Rood, tlie Virgin, and all Saints, out of gratitude for his aolivoranco from danger while hunting. At least that is the origin of the monastery, according to the monkish tradition. . The story goos that King David, when hunting nearAr time's Seat, had his life imperilled by the charge of a stag, but a fragment of the Holy Rood, or real cross, was- miracu lously .put into. his hand, nnd tho stag fled. In 1643 the palace arid abbey were, burnt ! by .the English. ' The palace was afterwards rebuilt, and was 'the residence of Mary', Queen of Scots* and of her son, James the VI.,- up to the time of his ascension to the English throne. The portions open to the Sublic aro tho Picture Gallery, Lord larnley's apartments, the ruined chapel, and Royal or Abbey ?.Church. The first, place we visited was the Picture Gallery, which is 150ft long, 24ft wide, and 20ft high. It was hero Prince Charlie hold his levees and balls during his brief stay in Edinhurgh in 1745. It is now usod for the election of the representative peers of Scotland, and the levees of the High Com missioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, who annually takes up his residence at the palace. The walls are hung with pictures (as Scott says) ' affirmed to be the portraits of kings, who, if they over flourished at all, lived several hundred years beforo painting in oil colors was in vented.' We next proceeded to Lord Darnloy's rooms in the old tower of tho palace. They consist of the audience room, tho bedroom and dressing-room, and in these are good specimens of ancient tapes try and portraits. The portraits are of per sonages of more recent date than those in the Picture Gallery, and can be more relied on. A door in the Audience Chamber led to a staircase, by which Queen Mary's apartments are reached, and there is also a private staircase by which the murderers of Rizzio gained admittance to the Queen's room. Tho next room we visited was Queen Mary's Audience Chamber, which is about 24ft by 22ft, ns near as I can remem ber. There are a number of coats of arms and initials of royal persons on the ceiling. The bed-chairs and furniture in this room are said to be those used by Charles the First, when he resided at Holyrood. Thero are also several pictures in this room. The next room is the Queen's bedroom, a little smaller than the Audience Room. The walls are hung with tapestry, representing the Fall of Phreton, and here stands what we aro told was the bed of Queen Mary, the decayed hangings of which are of crim son damask with green silk fringes nnd tassels. Many relics of Mary Stuart are to be also seen, including lior work-box, in which some of her handiwork, such as tapestry, lace-work, &e.;, can be seen. Ad joining the bedroom is a small dressing room, hung with decayed tapestry, and a little to the left is a door half hidden by tapestry, communicating with a secret staircase on the north side of the room, and near the top of tho staircase is a door lead ing to the supper room, from which Rizzio was dragged by Ruthven, Douglas, arid the other conspirators, through the bedroom and Audience Chamber to the head of the principal staircase, where he. was stabbed. His blood is snid to have soaked into the flooring at the top of the. stairs ; anyhow, there is a black stain to be seen there, which is said to be that. It is rumored that it is renewed from time to time as it fades. There is 110 doubt but that it is the place where he lay all night,. whether that stain is his blood or not. We next paid a visit to the Chapel Royal, which stands on the west of the palace the only portion left standing being the nave, the chair, and transepts, it having been destroyed after the Reformation. The floor of the church is almost paved with gravestones. Tho royal vaults are at the south corner of the chapel, but the coffins were destroyed in 1688, when the Anti- Papal rioters made such sad havoc. I noticed some of the graves bore very recent dates, and it seems that descendants of old' families have de sired to lie with their ancestors in the ruins of the old chapel. One tomb bore the name of Lady Margaret Douglas, daughter of the Earl of Selkirk, .who died 1830, another that of Sir J. Sinclair, died 1873. We left the palace and proceeded to visit the Castle of Ediuburgh, aud on. the way up passed John Knox's house and St. Gile's Cathe dral, which was the orig'nal parish church, and dedicated to its patron saint. One writer says : ' The church, in spite of its modern appearanpe — for it has been re newed from time to time— is one of the. oldest edifices in Edinburgh.' The actual date of its erection is uncertain, but it is evident that a church of some kind stood there as early as the 9th century. Some time after tho Reformation it was parti tioned off, so as to form two separate kirks —the Parish and the Tolbooth Churches. I11 the latter John Knox preached his last sermon in 1571. The two churches were removed, and tho building opened from end to end, and now forms a graud Cathedral Church, such as it was before the time of Knox. It is 200ft by 129ft. The spire is 161ft high, and this is the only part that has not been altered during the alterations that have taken place in the building from time to time. The old Parliament buildings stand, forming a square to tho south of St. Giles', between which and the church formed the churchyard, where John Knox was buried in 1572. The only memorial of tho fact that he sleeps hero is a small brass plate marked J.K., inserted in the road way not far from the church. In the square in front of the City Hall stood the Tolbooth, called the Heart of Midlothian, from which Scott^ took the title of his novel. Tho site is marked by stones in the pave ment arranged in the shape of a heart. We then proceeded up High-street to the Castle, and, entering through the gate, ascended to the highest part of the Rock, 011 which are congregated the show- places of the Castle. It is 383 feet above the sen, apd is known as the King's Bastion, and 011 it stands the monster gun, Mons Meg. An inscription on the carriage states that it was made at Mons, in Brittany, in 1486, after having been employed at the siege of Nor liam Castle. It hurst 011 being fired, in 1682, on the visit, of tho Duke of York, and was restored to tho Castle by George IV, in 1829, after being in the Tower of London from 1684. It is made of thick iron bars, hold together .by massive lumps of metal, its length being 12 feet and its bore 12 inches. We next went to the Crown Room, where, secured in an iron cage, are to be seen the Scottish Regalia. They consist of a crown, sceptre, sword of state (presented to James IV by Pope Julius II), and Crown jewels, also the golden Collar of the Garter (conferred by Queen Elizabeth on James VI), with George nnd Dragon bequeathed by Cardinal York (brother of Bonnie Prince Charlie) to George IV, and sent to the Castle in 1830. Here, too, is the oaken chest in which tho Regalia was deposited at the Union, and in which they lay lost till 1817 — over 100 years — when they were dis covered by Sir Walter Scott. Not having time, wo .did not go into any of the other rooms, but returned from the Castle, aud, aftor having a walk through the Princes street- Gardens, went home. Next day being Sunday, I went to St. Giles' Cathe dral to the military service, in company with the Misses M'K ? . The regiments stationed at. the Castle — the Royal Scots and the 1st Foot — were in attendance, and the church was_ crowded. My comrades also being there in uniform, wo created a great sensation. Dr. Cameron-Lees was tho officiating clergyman. Afterwards I went with my lady friends to their church, at 11.30 a.m. ,'.to hear the Rev. Mr. Stewart preaoh. Edinburgh is tho most religious place that I wns hi, and there are about 200 churches : in Leith arid Edinburgh alone. There, age 108 Presbyterian churches in Edinburgh, 21 Episcopal churches, and C Roman Catholic, besides numerous others, and the streets-are crowded on Sunday with people going to church. In the evening wo went to visit Greyfriars' Churchyard, which is an interesting old cemetery . Many ovents .of history— even deeds of blood shed — have taken place within , and. without its walls, and many of the notable men of Scotland are buried there. It contains many interesting monuments worth inspec tion, including those of George Buchanan, George Black, Allan Ramsay (poet), Sir George M'Kenzie, &c.; There is also, in front of the church, the flat tomb of Boswell of Auchinleck, on which the Solemn League and Covenant was signed on the 1st of March, 1638, by the people. Many of them, it is said, drew the blood from their arms, and subscribed their names with it in , lieu of _ ink. Ono of the most interesting ' memorials . is tho Martyrs' Monument, near the steps leading to tho north entrance, formerly the buryiug-place of common cri minals. It was erected, in 1771, to the memory of the Covenanters who fell in defence^ of their principles. There is an inscription in metro 011 the stone, but it is too long to give, nnd might not interest your readers. There is an inscription under the one in metre which states that from May, 1661 (when the Marquis of Argyle was beheaded) till February, 1688 (when Mr. Renwick suffered) there were murdered and destroyed in one way or another, for the same cause, 18,000 martyrs, a great many of whom lie beneath the stone. In the south end of the churchyard is the tomb of Sir G. M'Kenzie, the cruel King's Advo cate, who sent many of the Covennnters to execution or imprisonment. There was a superstition that his ghost nightly kept watch where his victims suffered. It is said that tho boys of the town in the daytime would stoop to the keyhole of the door which shut in his tomb and whisper — they dared not shout — Bluidy M'Kenzie, come oot if ye daur, Lift the Btieck and draw the bar ; and then they would run for their lives, not daring to look behind thein: After coming out of the churchyard, we went to church again, at 7*30 p.m. Next day I went to the Waverly Station, in company with tny friends, to catch the 9-30 train for London, fori had to bid Auld Reekie 'guidbye,' and I was very sorry I could not stay longer, as I had to be in London next day. I never enjoyed myself better than I did those four days among my friends iu the Scottish capital, where everyone seemed so social and kind. Having bade my friends 'guidbye,' the train moved out from the station, and we wore soon bowling along at the rate of 60 miles au hour on our way to Old England, passing, as we went, many a hill and vale which, if they could only speak, could tell mnny a tale of love and murder, and many a Border feud settled in bloodshed. On the way we passed many places of interest, including the lightliouso from which the famous Grace Darling rowed out to rescue the -shipwrecked crew of the ' Fifeshire,' also the graveyard in which she lies buried. The railway line runs very close to the sea at this part, and the lighthouse can be seen out at sea in the distance. We arrived at King's-cross Sta tion at 6 p.m., and I took train to Sloane square Station, and arrived at the barracks at 7 p.m. So ended my trip to Edinburgh, where I spent four of the happiest days of my life, and which I will not soon forget. J. W. W. CAMPBELL. 