THE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. The detective had dropped the paper telling how Salvatore Cavaliere, the Long Branch Italian, made his dwelling a storehouse of plunder. " Every house holds its mystery," he began tritely. Then he told the story of a house he would not specify particularly. " I was detailed to watch it," he went on, " because there was something odd about its tenant. A most respectable house in a most respectable neighbourhood, it had been sublet to one William Smith, a small dark man with a foreign accent. " He had paid six months rent in advance, in lieu of reference, and as the dull summer season was coming on the agent had not quibbled over this slight violation of his rule requiring references. Whence he came, what his trade, no one could say. The rent was paid in gold. " After Mr. Smith had moved in—he rented furnished—the strange proceedings began which attracted the neighbours' attention. Just after sundown muffled men began to appear at the door, which would open, reveal- ing the dimly lit hall. The visitor entered. Now the peculiar feature of the case was that no one ever came out, while Mr. Smith existed apparently independent of the butcher and baker. If you rang, the manservant simply told you that his master was not in. But other persons evidently found him in. Three or four persons passed that threshold daily, never to reappear over it. Of course the neighbouring servants whispered marvellous tales of ghosts, if you went and scanned the faces of those who entered, you found them to be apparently gentle- men, with thin intellectual faces. " Going up the steps the visitor would peer about as if fearing observation. One of the double hall doors stood closed. While he waited he invariably stepped behind this screen until the other door was opened. Then it shut on him. You might wait all night and the next day, as I have done but the visitor never re- appeared. The house, heavily shuttered, presented an impassive front to the street that told nothing of its mystery. Naturally, I had theories of murder or other crime being committed there. But there were no reports of musing men and news- paper personals gave no clue. Nor did we have any complaints or other evidence justifying a raid. Finally I decided to take the matter into my own hands. I did this by boldly going up the steps a third time—I had been told twice by the strange servant that Mr. Smith was out. On this occasion I followed closely on thr heels of one of the visitors, who probably was destined never to appear again. I rang, and after a few minutes the door was opened. The same servant stood there. He was black, with the regular features belonging to East Indians or North Africans. If you ever venture as far east as Constantinople, you may see men of his type in the cosmopolitan street throng The peculiarity of this man was his shining black eyes that looked me through and through He was in the regulation black coat and white cravat of the house lackey." " Mr. Smith ?" " Sees no one,' he began in a slightly foreign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on the stairway. " ' But some one entered a half minute before me,' I began. On the other occasions I had asked who this mysterious Smith who con- cealed an interesting personality very cunningly under that most commonplace name might be, what his occupation, whence he came. On both occasions the door had slammed in my face. " This time I took the precaution to put my foot over the sill in such a way that the door could not close. The man attempted it. I stepped inside. The door swung into its place with a little metallic click. " I fancied the black eyes snapped angrily, but the man motioned me civilly into an adjoin- ing room. This was an ordinary apartment furnished in the way of rooms in houses that are sublet, where the bric-a-brac and essentials giving expression have been removed. A lamp with a red shade lit the place. " ' Wait. I will see,' said the black. " Presently he returned, this time bearing a silver tray, on which were a curiously-carved silver decanter and some glasses, with a plate of biscuits. The man made a sort of obeisance that had in it something oriental, as if he had stepped out of one of the stories dealing with the Caliph Haroun al Raschid. \While you wait, won't you have some refreshment ?" " His accents were so suave that, forgetting any suspicion, I did not stay his hand when he poured some liquid like claret into one of the long decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it was a curious-tasting beverage. For a moment I thought it was molten fire. Then the black retainer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, and I lost consciousness. " When I awoke, I was on the couch in the same room The lamp was still burning. I raised myself up. My head ached terribly. On a chair near me sat a little monkey grinning and chattering. It startled me at first, but in my trade one ceases to be afraid, because back of everything, however mysterious, we are accus- tomed find human cunning. " I rose, threw back the shutters, and day- light poured into the room. I had been there all night. No one stirred except the poor little beast of a gibbering ape. I made my way to the outside door, seeing no one, and ran down the steps into the street, the monkey following. " I returned with the policeman on the beat. We searched the house high and low. There was no evidence of occupancy beyond that of the little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or even the silver decanter from which I had drunk. About the ape's neck was a curiously carved little silver chain with some odd cabal- istic device. At the Zoo in the park they told me that he was of an Indian species. " During all my night stupor, what had be- come of the mysterious Mr. Smith and his visitors ? They were never seen nor heard of again. The house was just an ordinary dwell- ing on an ordinary street. But for me it still has an enigmatical expression of inexplicable mystery. 