rka4antrie4$ -Waneie4 \ HIS BELIEVED THE PATIENT. A celebrated Dublin surgeon, oncc gave a lesson in economy to a -wealthy and fashion able young man, remarkably fond of his handsome face and person. Ho 'was sent for, and found the patient seated by a tablo, rest ing his cheek upon his hand, whilst beforo him wn,3 displayed a five-pound note. After some little hesitation he removed his hand and displayed a small mole on his cheek. Do you observe tins' mark, doctor r 'Yes, sir, I do.' ' I wish to havo it removed.' ' Does it inconvenience you ?' ' Not in the least.' ' Then why do you wish for its extirpation.' ' I do not like tho look of it.' / ' Sir,' replied the surgeon, ' I am not in the habit of being summoned for such trifles ; moreover, I think that that little oxcrescence had bettor remain untouched, since it gives you no unoasiness, and I mako it a rule only to take from my patients what is troublesome to them.' So saying, he took the bank note, slipped it into his pocket, and walked out of the room. IP NECESSARY, 'Will you be blind to my faults?' she asks coyly. ' If you had any to be blind to,' replied he. Then she smiled upon him. SELFISH. 'Why do you walk the floor all night?' ' Can't sleep.' ' Well, for heaven's sake, don't be so selfish. Because you can't sleep is no reason why you should deprive the car pet of its nap.' TOO BASHFUL. Mistress : 'How is it ono never hears a sound in the kitchen when your sweetheart is with you of an evening ?' Servant girl: ?' Please ma'am, the poor follow is so bashful yet ; for tho present he does nothing but eat.' SURE OURE. Jones : u Sillibub has a medicine which he declares ia a sure cure for heart disease.' Smith : ' Did it cure kim ?' Jones -.T' Yes, it gave him such a frightful attack of indigestion that he forgot all about his heart. FEASTS OP PEELING. The holiest of all holidays are those Kept by ouraelvea in silence and apart; The secret anniversaries of the heart, When the full river of feeling overflows. HER THOROUGHNESS. 'And is Jennie thorough in her work?' asked Mrs. Jarley of Mrs. Perkins, having reference to a would-be waitress. ' Very,' said Mrs. Perkins. ' When she broke one of my Eoyal Worcester soup- plates she really didn't appear satisfied until she had broken the other eleven. Oh, yes, Jennie is thorough. HAHDICAPPED BY HATtJRB. Poet's Son : ' Father, what does ' handi capped' mean ?' Poet : ' It means — ahem ! ? In what con nection did you hear it used, my son ?' , Poet's Son-: ' In connootion with. you. Mr. Brownson said you'd never achieve any last ing fame as a poet because you are handi capped by Nature. THE DINHBR MAKERS. We may lire without friends, we may live without books, Bat civilized man cannot live without cooks. TOO SUDDEH. Clergyman (showing a lady visitor round the church)—' Now, madam, you haYo seen the organ, the font, and the nave ; I should next like to conduct you to the altar.' Lady Visitor — ' Oh, this ia so sudden.' A MEAN FELLOW. Mr. Binks — ' I met a -woman to-day that I thought a good deal of once.' Mrs. Binks — ' Oh, you did ?' ' Yes. I used to do my very best to please her.' ' Humph !' ' I did everything I could to win her affection.' ' My goodness !' ' And at last I succeeded.' ' Wha ? ' She granted all that I asked, and by so doing made me the happiest man alive.' ' Merciful ? ' ' I asked her to como right up to the house with mo to day, but she had some shopping to do, and cannot get here till supper time.' ' Mr. Bin]cs, I am going right home to my mother.' ' She isn't at home my dear. It was your mother that I met. She gave me you.' BE1C0RSB. i Do naught to-day thou mayst regret to-morrow ; i For though to-day may die, its ghost will linger, And haunt you with a ceaseless sigh of sorrow, And point remorse with an accusing finger. Say no unkindly word, or like an ember In n dead fire a breath will blow it living. The worst of punishment is to remember When tears are vain and wrongs are past for giving. TIME THROWN AWAY. Clara — ' What's the matter, dear ?' Dora — ' It's .too much to bear. Mr. Faint heart hasn't proposed yet.' Clara — ' But you told me you wouldn't marry him.'^ Dora — ' Of course I wouldn't. But after all the time I've wasted on him, I think he might at least give me a chance to refuse him.' WHAT HE WANTED. Michael- ,0'Hooligan : 'The top o' the mornin' to ye ; I've beeii told that ye're in in need o' help P' Contractor : ' I'vo but little to do now.' Michael O'Hooligan : ' Then Oi'm the boy for yees ! It's but littlo Oi care about doin'. it s ine money ui m aimer. BEAUTY A PROTECTION. Plotting Mamma — ' Why do you always take your Cousin Nellie with you ? Her beauty makes you and your sister look plain.' Daughter — ' I know it, mamma ; but when we have Nellie along, we never have any trouble finding a policeman to take us across the street.' EAT1THLY HOPES. ' Some pant for Biches, Bomo aspire ta Fame, Lovo conquers some. Who cares P The end's tbe same. Bash mortal, take a lesson while you may -From the poor moth that flutters to the flame. didn't kneel. Clara—' Did he go down on his knees when he proposed ?' Dora — ' N-o, hut I don't think he ought to be blamed for that ?' 'Why not?' -(Ho was helping mo oyer a mud- puddle.' 