OtJE SERIAL STOBT. TUE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. BT ROMA WHITE. (COPIEIGHT), CHAPTEE L There is in Low Furness a village built on the margin of a tain. The cot- tages are old and grey, with, rounded chimney-stacks and outer staircases of ... worn mosey stone ; tall reeds belt the ?water, and yellow flowers, in their season blossom among the green. The hamlet Ss lapped in sloping clover fields and deep cool hazel copses ; on the eastern Bide a fell, overgrown with bracken and sprinkled with sheep and limestone boulders, divides it from an arm of the sea. To this village-Little Tarnside is its name-the mornings and evenings of summer come in dew and perfume, and -with the song of birds. The smell of the waves never leaches it, but storm brings the wailing of the sea-gulls aud the white glint of theil* restless wings among the clouds. Frosty autumn' twilight woos the . lonely fluting of the robin, and spring-dawns echo to the whistle of the inrush. ;i A certain April day, in the year 1789, ? broke with sparkle and fragrance over, the ferny moor. The floating mists of night rose from the glittering surface of the tarn ; and the larks sprang upwards on all sides from Übe pastures. Down the straggling road of the village boys and girls began to pass in groups ; the former clad in their Sunday suits of fustian, the latter wearing red cloaks and either high white caps or spreading hats. These children moved towards the church, which stood at one end of the tam, half hidden by trees of cypress and yew. Among the moving figures "was that of an old man with rosy . puckered face, thin hair, and irresolute ups; he was accompanied by a young girl, fresh, slim, and upright as a grow .<?'? ing birch tree, whose appearance at- tracted some attention from the villagers as she passed among them. A group of children, who fought over a kitten upon a doorstep, desisted from their play to gaze at this girl. From .. gazing they took to pointing, and. a .whisper ran through their ranks, burst of childish laughter accompanying its" . The girl heard, and flushed deeply ; but she thuew up her small chiu in defiance of the pointing fingers, and marched, on .without altering her pace. - The old man . turned,, shook both» his head and his fetick at the children, and then hurried ; ' after his companion. The Vicar of Little Tarnside, who sat in the window of the Parsonage, pushed .. open the casement) and leant out. Over bearing what it was that passed from mouth to mouth he -vanished from the ; .window, only to re-appear, with lowering .brows and flushing cane at the door. At ,; the sight of the parson's stick the ' ehildren scattered like rabbits ; for in ? those days offenders were summarily -dealt with by their village pastor, who . . «ras a fine specimen of the Church Mili ; ; tant. When the small sinners had die- ri; ipersed, the Vicar smoothed his brows, £ took off the weaver's apron which he j:, wot«, and returned into the house, "What's to doP" asked his wife. " Those ill-mannered brats are scoffing i at Esther Jupp again." v -"Aye, they've picked up the story that .-.abe's a fine gentleman's child, I suppose. JT wonder how much truth there is in .that, Matthew." ** There's no telling, Mary. It's-let ine see)-how many years since Jerry 4^mehere?" ; |£~.' ^'It'll be -seven come Michaelmas, ppjsjbher was abit oï a lassie then. ' It was i^äpieer that the tale should follow them , ^apfrôm Lymscot." "There's something about Esther that. '<:;fcn*t like the other, village girls. May g^be that's how it arose. But Jerry is gywery short to anyone who asks ques ©tóbns." - «.ir- "WolL it's his business, and no one .ilse's, 1 suppose. Is he going to be con pljinaed with the children to-day P" fè1'"* Tes. He told me a week ago that quite understood now confirmation ;ijjwas something more than a charm ^. against small-pox or ghosts." Ev " Do you walk all the way to Over pBfconeP" Aye, as soon as I have i*ead prayers f ;3bere. - :'? . The day was Thursday, when nearly v .all the inhabitants of Little Tarnside car- ried theil' farm produce to Overstone, the ~: searest market town. The Bishop had i dignified his intention of holding a con- firmation there- on this particular Thura 7/flay j and the Vicar of Little Tarnside bad "requested his own candidates to I ineet in theil* parish church before they . . for the walk |¿SÍÓ pversione.. Others beside the candi |pfatea. were gathering for service j _and Sèlnany of the worshippers carried basket |¿^f butter and eg^s. It was customary Ipfor the congregation to ' wait about the ^ churchyard: until thé bell ceased its tinkle g^and ihen to muster in two thick lines on Mthèr side the path; md allow their l^pQcar ip march solemnly between the ^^úbl!B-bai*-i*e1íed: company thus formed! Jras always the-first to enter :the ^^.oi-ch- and the entire assembly iarooped rin his wake, after wbieîriie walked "up" to J the reading' desk, ' and donned hil' "fulj I^MrhiCb surplice in. their sight.,*tHe glawas - a- little", late . .this ..morning, ¿'and |v3fche mterchange of gossip was brisk |Nunoi8r hisf ©atäent flock. The piñ called Esther Jupp sat down on one of the decaying tomb-stones, and lifted her eyes to where the tower of the church stood out clear, square, and weather stained against the sky. As she sat there a young farmer came into the churchyard with a little important bustle. He was stout and red-cheeked, wearing a brown coat and buff leggings, and he flicked a whip about his calves and ankles as he passed through the graves. This young f armer paused and watched Esther in silence. Then hi3 glance travelled on to the old man, whom he regarded for a few moments with ai mixture of toleration and contempt. Jerry Jupp was returning the gaze fur- tively, his face wrinkled up into harassed aud uneasy puckers; his withered hands, too, trembled visibly as the other strode across the gravel path of the church- yard, and took up his position by Esther s side. " Good-day, Esthie." " Good-day, Hesther Phizacklea," ehe responded briefly. " Good-day, Jerry." "Good-day, sir," said Jerry tremu- lously, the uneasiness on his face in- creasing every moment, as Farmer Phizacklea stroked his chin meditatively, \ and, fixed his round eyes on Esther's clustering'hail'. : ! " Fine weather for the lambs, eh, .Jerry ?" ' * " " I won't contradik ye theer," Jerry agreed mildly, leaning on his stick, and letting his glance travel over the flat tombstone on which Esther sat. She herself had turned away from them both, flushed and petulant. She did not like Josiah Phizaclea, and she wished that he would go away. The farmer, however, had no intention of leaving them. He had wooed Esther in this fashion, Sunday after Sunday, and his courtship had become to him as much a habit as his evening pipe. He drew a long breath, and perpetrated the most original suggestion that at the moment occurred to him. " Will ye ride i'uiy cartt* Overstone ?" he asked, pointing with his whip to where his horse stood patiently at the churchyard gate. "It's a goodish step for a lile body like ye." Esther shrank nearer to her grand- father, and shook her head. "Pdrayder walk wi' Grandad," she s Aid with some confusion. The young faimer regarded her for a moment with his broad smile of tolera- tion and amusement. " " Ray der this, rayder thlgK he said at. last, not ill-temperedly, "lassies are on common free wi' their ' raydere ' i' these days. Art too fine to ride wi' t' cab- bages, Esthie P" *' Aye," she answered shortly. "Whist, lassie, whist," put in Jerry, " it's a favour o' Hesther Phizacklea t' ax thee." " I care now't for's favours," she said, with some petulance, " I'se ha' nowt to do wi* him." Her hand had crept under Jerry's arm, and the old man patted the small brown fingers tenderly, even while he turned to Josiah Phizacklea with a mixture of entreaty and apology. "She means nowt," he said gently, " she's nobbut a lassie." "Aye, an' tkoo's nobbut an owd simple," responded Josiah, with some meaning in his tones, " or thoo'd tell her to get i't' cart wi'out such a to-do. It's ill quarrellin' wi' them. as carries these sort o' things i' their weskit pockets." He put his finger and thumb into the little pocket of his waistcoat, and drew out a crumpled piece of paper, which he held out ter the old man. Jerry's trouble had deepened visibly during the alterca- tion. . JHe had kept patting Esther's hand soothingly, and now he answered with a certain tremulous dignity. 1 "I know weel enough Pm i'thy debt, Mesther. Phizacklea. Thou'se ha' thy money soon as I can raise it. We'se say no more about them things i' the churchyard an' af ore t' little wench*!!_ j " T' little wench an* t* churchyard be danged!" said Josiah, " T'little wench ha* Keerd plenty o' talk about thy debts, I reckon, and 'twon't do no harm to t' corpses. See thee, Esther Jupp," he continued, good-naturedly enough, waving the piece of crumbled paper in his fingers, " thou'se ha' that for a ride i' my cart t' Overstone an' a kiss at f other end o' t' journey." The paper was Jerry's substitute for an I.O.Ù., and Farmer Phizacklea smiled with broad triumph as he spread it out before Esther's eyes. There, he reckoned, was a bait for mercenary feminine nature. Jerry's old face was puckered into a mixture of wistfulness and distress. He looked eagerly at Esther, and yet trembled. This was evidently the first time that the girl had heard of the debt ;. and . her glance flashed into indignation and then dimmed into dismay. She held out' her hand -for the paper, and clasped it fast, looking-'from'' Jerry to the farmer with a.mingling of wrath and perplexity in her. clear eyes. " As she stood éliere the j farmer repeated his offer, chuckling j loudly. He would have reiterated it a third time, but as his lips begun to frame the sentence, a hand came over Esther's shoulder, and caught the paper from her fingers. ? * ." Hesther Phizackles," said a voice notr loud,-- but with a slight vibration in its tones, which were singularly free from' the village dialect, " you say them sort I of things to my cousin again, aiidcón ¡ fivmation or no confirmation I'll ulick I vou in the tam?, J " ; . " - ' Phizacklea turneó!, and laughed his slow laugh as he met the resolute glance of a taff, broad-shouldered boy. Then he jerked the handle of his whip in the direction of Jerry, and answered the lad without-any ebullition of annoyance. « Thi' grandad Was willia' enow to clinch t' bargain, Timothy Jupp. Keep thy nose out o' other pigs' troughs, my lad." Timothy Jupp made no reply to the farmer's graphic fashion of telling him to mind his own business, but he folded the paper with resolute precision, and handed it back to its owner. Then, turning his back on Josiah altogether, he addressed hie grandfather in tones of some impatience. " Come, Grandad S Mr. Eglin is at th' Vicarage gate." And, without a second glanc« in the direction of Phizacklea, Tim slung his basket upon one arm, drew Esther's hand under the other, and led her away between the grave-stones and through the long churchyard grass. The arrival of the Vicar prevented Josiah-who was always slow in his search for expression-from launching any sarcasm at Tim. The congregation began to move into the church, and Phizacklea went back to his cart, and turned the horse's head in the direction of Overstone. As he went, he muttered a little to himself, and his face become slightly contemptuous. " A fine gentleman's child, as they call her !" he grunted, half audibly. " Much good her fine gentleman father ha' done her. She's no cause to give any honest man the go-by. But they're a' alike is women, they're a' alike !" Meanwhile, Timothy Jupp, passing into church, with his pretty cousin, found time to whisper a caution in her ear. " See, Esthie, I forbid you to speak to that pig-headed chap again." ** Thee forbids me, Tim?" The girl had recovered herself, and glanced up with a slightly mischievous look in her eyes. -"** Aye, an' it's my right, too, Esthie. Grandad's getting old, and I've a right to look after you. You're only a lassie after all." Tim spoke the last words as-if they clinched the argument, and then, turn- ing to his grandfather, altered his tone. "Here, grandad, th' basketstare all piled up in the porch. Ours will come to no harm among t' others, and we ean pick 'em up on our way out." The- short service was soon over, and then the procession of candidates was formed in the road outside the church- yard. ,;The Vicar, called to Tim to come and hold one pole of the tall banner which floated like a crimson sail in the morning air. Tim humed forward with a look of pride, and kindly hands soon relieved him of his market basket. The lads and lassies were quickly formed into line, and then the word of command was given, and they moved off. j 