FROM A 'TEG'S DIARY. (Alt. Rights Rbseuvrd ) A LIVERPOOL MYSTERY. 44 How di-j it ull come about ?" 44 Well, it was a ourions bit of bunUeafl, Nat, a race combination of fatality and providence, that enabled mo that night in January, three years ao, to escape death by means of a cap of tra ;; but throw some nunc coal on tho lire, and I'll just Rive you the particulars of that most atrnuyo and untoward nd venture iu my life." .Drawing the eurlain to abut out the dreary aspect of tho sccuo without, for it was a murky duircvuaiag m October, a small, thin, drizzling rain fullieir, whilst a grimy yellow kind of ulmospbere hung ovor ererythiaa, I prfparod to receunt to my friend, Nat Bonasr, a ucnr member of the forco.the terrible iocideut 'that had occurred in my career some three yeai s before. It had btcD a moat ioeiplioablo busioee?, a mystery that to tho shrewdest member of the arryiqe seemed UDfathomable— there had been no gutting it. The game had been oarried on, despite mb .aclivo suurcb instituted by the authorities, with utler impuoity. Suveral youog cncu had disappeared »uddealy from their homes and friends as mysteriously as though uwhllonred up by au earthquake— not tho slightest clue was left te explain away their plinuiom-like departure from the midst of their fellows. Matters stood thus when fresh terror was experienced by the iobabitsuts of the good town of Liverpool by the unaccountable dis- oppearouco of a young lady, tho daughter of a shipping agent, ' Miles Arliogford was welt kaowu iand highly rotpcoled. a'arl his pretty daughter, just about to bo married to the cap- lain . «f a . traibing veast-1, suddenly adding naolhur to the strange sad weird disappear anccs. tho ulmost con»>tbi nation prevailed. It wus at this juncture that 1 was sent down from Scotland Yard to the Lancashire town to see if 1 could ferret out the mystery. Thus it fell about, Nut, that I found myself, one wild, dark January, night, well disguised and well armed, too, prow liug around the purlieus «f the great shipping city, . ' My objtct was to visit some of tho lowest .quarters of the tow, that I might gather a -little infsimalion as to what tha rough element hud to aay. about this enthralling topio. Fate led ine on to a clue to tho mjtatery, the unveil : ing of which, howorer, was nigh coating me my life. I had left . a certain pretty little bruoetto in London. . Bluob against my inclination t bad hud this task put upon uie, uud, in spite of my usual courage, was strangely nervous as to the result. 9 I hod turned down a dark, narrow street, led on by a glaro ef light in its centre, thrown across the pathway from cue of those large lamps .that, iu fcrnra of a barrel, are to be seen outside so uiauy of tho public-houses in Liverpool, Shouts of coarse laughter and a wild chorus of voices rang iu tho air. Cautiously and warily I now pushed ou, protcally halting before the door «f tho Jolly Reefers, for such waajo eign of the house, aud jolly ensugh the customers of the Hectors appfared to be if one might judge from the noire, oaths, laughter, udO uproar that roso from within. I was debating as to the advisability of enter ing this rudo place of entertainment when I was str, riled by ' n loud, gruff voice, at the some time that a heavy hand wus laid unceremoaieusly upon toy shoulder. Starting back, I beheld a tall, taerost-lookixg mau ef. colour— a stalwart sailor, whilst erauob. ing nervously beside him was a fair, blueeyed girl, a pretty, timid-lookiog creature, who, canting a glance of alsrm around, exclaimed : Luavo the gentleman alone, Soipio, and get ou hi mo !" :\ViIdly, entreatingly, the girl strove to draw tho inun away, but, with evil-looking eyes and a drunken store, tho truculent ruflit'a ojacu- ;Ietod,witk & Qerco eath, 4,Hark 'ee, Nance ; just ;you port your helm and sail off, aud leavo the landsuisn dlang. with mo. I mean him to splice tho mainbiaco (drink). If be can't pay, why, I can ; that's straight euough, I guess, stranger! So come along, olu matt." With a slap upon my 'shoulder thatfell from no light band, tho darkey uuw drew roq towards the door of tho inn, Startled and bewildered I involuntarily fol lowed, prepared to humour the fellow, I was well armed and keenly olive to tho dungcr 1 might uiu in such company ss 1\. . might presontly bo mixed up with, but I wks ou a mission that impelled me to t&ku; up tho slightest scent. Iu such sooiety as the negro sailor and the noisy crew within. tho pub lic-house X might gather some- clue that, per- chacoe, would lead eu to, a discovery of the mysterious crimes ,1 had been entrusted to elucidate. "With a deep-drawn breath, lh6n, and a smile of quiet humour and unconoeru, I boldly fol lowed iu the footftcps of maa Scipio, but evuq n i wub entering the doors of the house a huahnd whisper, a gMping cry of warning es caped tho lips of the young girl who bad stood irresolute beside me. :. Do not ge with him! Do not drink 1"' Then, as my conductor, discovering she was still at head, mado a suvago blow at ber, with a. atified scream and pallid -face aba turned and darted from the spot. 44 Guesa.l'll spoil her beauty afore I've done with her," muttered1 the ruffiau, as 1 now in- qcirinplyfollttwed him iutrtbe house. - indignant at his brutal behaviour, and struck' with tho beauty of tho helpless girl.; wonder ing, too? how on earth snob a timid creature liad hccomehis associate, - 1 made up- my mind to unravel+Oie niystery.and Ihe fellow Solpie's cob- duct, too, befure X had dono with him. With all tny senses about me, and on the qui viva for any emergency, I now cilled for two brandies ond oigare, muoh chagrined, how ever, at rcmomburieg that I had no rilver, and almost regretting having so readily acoem- puaied my doubtful companion. 44 Ha ! You lnad coves make the quids a sight easier than us poor devils," ejaculated the sailor as 1 hastily gathered up the change of my sovereign,' more than one pair of eyes greedily witch ins me. " It was a wild, mwtley, set of gaol-birds I was' now mixed up with, aud I ssw at a glance that X wns in the house of a orimp l' 44 Besn Ung on the sult water, .Darkey ?"' I oxoiaimed as. V oooly lighted my cigar, and hsudedthe match) to my quondam companion. 44 Maa aud boy, over thirty years, ;ma(e !«waa. born ou it, aad 'speot 1'il die ouiit,.er in-it !" Uniesa you-iget soraggedaabore, fioipi". ejaculated a oae- eyed, hook-uned, villain- aus-lookiug .fellow, who chimed ' in at the moment, giving a slight wiak at (ho maa. of colour and a jerk of the thumb at- myself, which X was quick-oneugh to catch sight of. » First voyage this. 'cre.wsy ain't it, .mate P -Guess you're a Leuduu cove. I can tell 'em at. fright ; know'.the craft well ; -I've shipped from St. Katberino'a;aod London, know every otib in. the Highway.' Lodged attheHome last tiatt urbou'I was paid off. Butsammat was misxed. The boss of tho- Home hinted Iknewsummat about it, so 1 gave -him one between tbe day lights as floored hiaii tad then made tracks. But you gets ou.precious slowwitb your physio; liquor up the lotieo, old usa«. 1 pays this ge„ yeu know." Gulping down tharcmaiuder of his : own brandy, tbeiellew ordered « '-frHh brew,, whilst;!, ' unscan, poured the ooattnts of my glass upon tho floor. Had I nob been so intent on this manoeuvre 1 should have deteete<t-a trick played upou me by tho ruffian that iA-tkerde- nunemeAtiRigb;co9tme mx. lifo. v; - 1 TnwwuisMinenMW— p — c—n —— anawap . ' Guess it's as cold as the Arctic hero to-" night, matriy, but tbis stuff stowod in tho hold will keep our crafts is order. Why. the deuoe. don't you driok ? " . < I cannot stand it as you sailor ohaps man age to," 1 exoliimed, takiog a small portion of tho hot liquor, much against my will, but I did not wish to excite the fellow's suspicions. I had no sooner, however, swullowed the Dory potion than a shiver nf alarm passed through me ! I iu vain fought against a sudden faint feeling, tbeu the bar aad its occupants seemed to swim round and round ; a haze, a eemi- darkness falling oueverylhiog, there was a hum ming noise ia my ears. Then followed total darkness. Upon returning to coiiscieusness the whole scene wss changed, aud I lay for u few moments as oue in a trauce. 1 was, 1 found, exteuded at full length upon a couch, a bright light sbonb ia my kalf-cldscd eyes, whilst the low hum of voices sounded in my ears. Still as the death that X fell- might be hovcr- isg near me I bow lay, waiting tho complete return of my half- dazed senses. That 1 had been drugged X was aisured, and to the small portion of (he liquor I had swullowed I alone owed my quick return to consciousness. Coolly, calmly, as 1 began to recover from the drugged brandy, I revolved my position- one of utmost peril. Prompt action and daring alouu could save me. "With bated breath and half-closed eyes, I glaocod around mo. Lying partly, as doubtless 1 bad been thrown, upon my rido, I was en abled to gather in tho aceae before me. " At a table, beside a blazing sea-coal fire, sat two men. One, - with an inward anathema, 1 ruoogoised as the coloured seaman ; the other was on old man whose face and guuoral bear ing were not in accordance wilh tho scene and society of tho place. An earnest convoise, of which X drank in every word, was bring carried on between the two. 44 It ain't no use, Atkins ! You dou't run from the ship now, not if I know it ! I have been aware of yeur cussed cowardice and fears for months past, but you dou't get out of my bauds, old man ! Foul or fair weather I mem to mako you stick to tho eraR ! Your baby- faced daughter Nunoe, too, if sbo don't agree. to be switched to mo— and sho might have a worse mate— One-eyed Bob Bootle for instooce—l'll hang you first, and play such a game with her that she'll rue the day she refused mo ; aud now. you understand, she coes aboard the Witch to-uight with that other bit of pink-and- white ! We sail with the ebb. That covo there, the clover Londou 'tec— whom I kuow whou 1 Urst sighted him prowling outside— goes with us, and when we get well out, why, a bit ef iron ballast to his feet, aud a drop over tho side, will ensure him a bath ami a bed too ! So much for bim !" A coarse, lew laugh hero esoaped from tho callous ruffian, who, to my joy and intense re lief, now roso and quitted Ihe room, evideutly under the impression that his horrible drug would keep me senseless for such time as his fell purpose required. iSoftly pressing my, left band against my breaBt, I discovered to my delight that my trusty revelter bad uot beeu removed. Time for immediate action, then, had now arrived. Collecting all my energies, and brac ing up my nervos for a dread eucounter, I now slid off the couch, aud in asccoudof time was standing, revolver rin "hand, overt-he cowering Qgure ef the old 'man, who, storing upon mo ae as though I were a ghost from the grave, mumbled a lew unintelligible wards and sank kuesling at toy feet ; abouo to start to the duor a deadly faintaess again seized upon me, all tho fearful sensations I had endured semo time bt- fqro now oppressing me. Leaning upon the tabic, a large cup of dark steaming liquid mot my dazed eyes. Fniut, siok unto dunth, my throat iu a flumo, my mouth as a furnace, I tremblingly aud involuntarily seized upan the cup ; in that dread momeut X de tected the rich, fragrant aroma of strong tea. It needed not the array upon tho table to in form me the evening meal of the old man wis just concluded. With a gasp I placed tho cup to my lips, unsweetened— tho pnro tea atone, strong by having stood ia the urn beside it. Never Iu my lifebid<-I' quaffed so precious a draught ! In a few seoonds-myead was clear, my senses fully reotored. Staring aud numblieg sentences ef terror and surprise, the old man heeded me not, and, cook ing the revolver for immediate. use, I mado for the door. A low, guttural Juugb now fell upon my oan There, standing within the entrance of the chamber, the door thrown baok -upon the hinges, stood the murderous darkey whilst behind him upou . a level with his shoulders 1 noted tho evil couotenanco of tho follow with the enn eye ! In a second of time I took iu the position of. affairs und uubesitatingly llred two shots in rapid succcsiton, and then, darting forward, I nearly stumbled over the body of the sailor, who, at my first fire, had fallen doubled up all. of a heap, a cry of pain and fury creeping the lips of the ether ruffian who bad turned and' (led. Dishing wildly through the doorway, rrgr< as. uuw free to me, I rushed madly along a -.dark passage, glided a secoud chamber, whiob.- was unoccupied, and ia a moment after, was outv in the strcot from a side dour. Staring - wildly round, I was amazed at beholding a .posse of. police that had surrounded the bouse. Clinging to tho arm of an officer leading (bis .feree, 1 discovered the shrinking -.figure of the poer girl who had warned -.me of. danger cre.I hid eatcred the inn. All was then oxplaiued,. aad it appeared that, ricking all danger that might fall ii pen her Wretched'pi rout from tho ; bands of the inaa Scipio aad his fell companions, (be bravo girl bad made tha pilioo the nearest' station acquainted with my perilous position. Upon soarchiug the bouse tfce villain Soipie was discovered doubled up in the doorway of a baok room as I had left hira, stone dead, with a buUut-holo iu his forehead. Tho wretched accomplice of the dead man, the parent of the unhappy girl, was oxteaded lifeless by the. table, the firelight flickering fitfully aud weirdly upou the waxen, rigid features ! Terror and- wild-horror had caused, his death. 1 The man 'Bob Bootle, captain of a barque called the- Witob, wca duly captured,, boing eve utu ally transported for life. Upon the vessel .boing searched, the poor, girl Amy Arlingford, who hod so strangely dis- .appeared, was - discovered imprisoned 'rin-tke cabin. No .trace was ever gained of the other unfor- tnnatos, but, as no more of those mystic abduc tions toqk place, .there was, alas !. no doubt- as.! to-their fate, aud that -to.the villain Sciplo-and! bis 'Confederates all the strange disappearances had been due. - The disoovery I had made had saved the poor girl Naooy Atkins and Miss Arliogford from a fate for worso tfaau death, f For myself, it wasfuany weeks:bsfore:X re covered from the effoota of that dreadful adven- -taroatthe Jolly Rotters, where I had boeo saved by a cup of tea and had unravelled a Liverpool Mystery. 444 What did Noah live on when tho flood had subsided aud bis provisions in tho ark wore ex hausted P" asked a Sunday 'school- teacher of- Jier-olass en Sunday! 4!I know," squeaked a Httlorgirl-after all the,, others bad glveu it up. ., / . 44 Well, what P" inquired the teacher. 44 Dry laud;" onid-Jtbo child wisely, and the . attspprepsnred. 