k GREAT WRONG; or., THE 'v MYSTERY OF BLACK HOL LOW GRANGE. ?V : CHAPTER XXIII.— (Conmnotd.) Maud Melville, flying homoward from tho Gerhart : cottage, almost stumbled ovor him, as ho lay liko a log acroBB tho moorland path. She stood still, with a quick, startled ory. . ' Ho's dead !' sho gasped, dropping on her knees beside tho prostrate figure. ' He's surely doad, poor fellow 1' The lightning flashed, and the thundar roared, threateningly amid tho peaks above,' and in a fewi minutes the Btorm, would be upon her. . But Maud had no thought of loaving this suffering stranger alone. As sho would have raised a hurt lamb, : sho raised tho handsome head, and began to pass her soothing hand over the white ? brow. It was covered with blood and dirt, the fair, clustering hair was all tangled and clottod, and from the blue, close-shut lips a bloody foam oozed. . An unutterable pain pierced Maud's tender breast, and a pity for this un known man filled her dark eyes with tear*. 1 'He's dead,' sho moaned again. ? Poor follow 1 .what shall I do for him ?' : /The big-drops began to fall heavily, \- and the winds shrieked across the gray' ? '? -moors like a troop- of banshees. She '-' caught the rain as it fell, and bathed his temples, smoothing back the fair hair ; and under the mesmeric touches, the /? current of life began to flow again. A slow color roso in the marblo cneeks, and she felt his heart boating against her as slie hold him. Her tears foil like the rain, and even then she experienced a sense of wonder at the sweet joy that thrilled her. ' Can you speak 7 Do you hear mo ? Do you suffer very much V' Boused by the gentle voice, Sir Harry Tresham opened his handsome blue eyes wide, and gazed about him with a bowil . dored stare. ' What's the matter ? Where am I ?' he demanded. 'I think your horse must have thrown ? you. I found you lying here. Are you very mueh hurt ?' The young man struggled up to his elbow, and drew his hand aoross his eyes. -/'Yes, I remember that confounded horso of mine ran down the cliff yonder. No, I don't think I'm very much hurt. . but the breath was knockad pretty well out of me. By Jove I My brain's in a whirl yet.' He made an effort to regain his feet, bitfc reeled and fell again, white and sick with pain. 'Confouud .it 1 I beg you pardon, madam, but the trouble's in my right ankle, I couldn't stand if 1 were to be ahotjfor it. And. heavens! hark to the thunder. A terrible Btorm is impending. Do not linger, madam, I beg. You are very kind, but there's no need that both of us should be drenched ; run for your life to the nearost shelter.' ' No, I shall not leave you,' was her quiet answer. Sir Harry turned and looked at her. Hor black braidB wore all in a tumble, and dripping like a mormaid's, her cheeks rose-red, and her black eyes shone 'like .Btars. In all his life, he hud nover, he thought, looked upoira handsomer face. Despite his pain and his disagreeable condition Mb heart gave a little thrill of admiration. He was a passionate adorer of womanly loveliness. Utterly unconscious of his observation, Maud continued : ' I shall not leave you, a stranger, and Buffering as you are. I wouldn't leuvea crippled kid hero in all this storm. But wo can't reaoh the Fellaide now, and therefore wo must seek a nearer shelter. There's alittle oavo just round the ledge there, which is quite snug, and we've no time to loso. Thcso Highland storms aro soon ovor, but they aro severe while they last. Come now, lot me^elpyou, please. You must loan upon me. 1 am strong, and it won't hurt me.' Sir Harry looked at hor again as she passod her littlo young arm about him, a smile that was half admiration half amusement lighting his handsomo eyes. He had known so many lovely, high-born ladios, and this girl, with her dark beauty and her womanly tenderness, waB so un like them \- ' Lean on me, pleaso,' she continued, olasping him oloae, aud the touch of her strong, soft arm thrilled some fiber in the young noble's boing that nover touohod him boforo. ' Thank you. How good you are. How shall I over ropay you for all this ?' ha murmured, a tremor in his voi°e. ' Oh, nover mind, only lean on me, and let us get into tho cave.' . And loaning on her, almost clinging to her in his aoute pain and helplossness, he .let her conduot him round the sharp cor ? ner of the ledgo nnd into the little cave of whioli she had spoken. A curiouB place it was, walled and roofed with stone, and on one side theii was a rudo seat cut in tho Bolid rock. Muud got hor patient under the sheltei of this sylvan roof, und seated him upon the stono seat. He looked very white and faii)t, and th.e swoat of agony stood out upon his forehead in groat drops. ' How good you aro I' ho repeated, ? smiling up at hor a smile that lit tho patri cian face with winning brightness. 'What shall L ever do for you V' * , 'Maud laughed in answor, and hor lndgh , was inexpressibly sweet and girliBh. , ' N'o mattor now ; let ub wait till the ' storm is over, and I'll try to think of some thing,' sho said, pleasantly. '? Here it comes now ; we did not got under cover a minute too soon.' And down tlio rain' camo in torronts, the winds shrieking amid the hills With a fury thut was appalling. Sir Harry watched his companion as she looked out into tho wild chuoB with , steady, Bliining eyes. . . ' You do not seem frightened,'' he said. ' ' Most ladies I have known suffer great fear iu storms, and this ono is terrible.' ' Yes j but I havo boon usod to them ? all my life. Indeed, I always enjoy a thundor-storm. Does your ankle pain you muoh ? Can I do anything for you ?' she added with a pitying glance. ?' Nothing moro, thank you. My ankle is rathor painful, but I can boar it.' . 'The minute tho Btorm abates you shall have help. It is but a atop from hereto Follside. ' '* The Fellsido I Is that your home?' 'Yes. Tho house iB just beyond the . fir# there.' 'And your friends will they not suffer great unensinosB on your account 1' 'I have no friends. Iam alone.' \- The - pathos in hor voice touched Sir Harry's inmost heart. ? ' Alono, and so young 1' ? Yes. My father and mother sleep in the little ohuroh-yard ovor there, and my aister — I havo lost my Bister.' 'Lost herl Is she, too, dead \- - ' ? . . Vj ' 'I do not know ; she may be.' . Turn- ' ing her. darjt ojyos.full .upon him, sho - added: Do you' come from London, Mr?'' 1 'From Londeh 1 ' Yes ; why do you ask?'- ' V i: j She flushed' a littlo as sho replied : 'Nothing, only- I'm always fancying that | I shall oross some one who can toll me something of my aiator. Poor littlo Isabol I It was in London she was lost;' i Sir Harry ' half' forgets hiB pain in curoBity. :.-i. t ' Why, how did you lose her ? I can not understand.^ : ' She married Sir Hereford Marlowe's son. At loast,' she added, stammering arid' flushing .painfully, ' she ran away from homo with-'him, and we'\e never heard of hor since.' . The, young' man, started up so suddenly that hisanklo -tingled with acute pain. . ' What, Arthur Marlo we? Did he marry your 'sister ?'! 'he :cried. ' Yes. . Doyou :khow him ?'; V I know- him well, and remember tlio nnmeyoumenfcioti. Isabel — yea.that'sit, by Jove H Poor Arthur waa continually riiving about 1ub bride, Isabol, but 'his people said he was instlne.' / - ' 'His, people- told falsehoods j he married; my sister. Do you know where ho is now ? ' In Paris, 'I: believe.. He is to marry Lady Bianca Dris^c-t thin autumn.' Maud's dark eyes flashed with anger. ' So soon ; and my poor littl' sistor gone and forgotten.' She let her head fall, and, covering her face with her hands, burst Into tears. Sir Hnrry sat and looked at hor while the storm raged without, his blue eyes elo quent with pity.. ' Poor girl,' ho was thinking. 'She knows so little of the great, wicked world. 1 suppose her sister went to LoTidon,-and that maelstorm of vice swallowed har.' - A. sudden- sound behind him changed the current of hiB thoughts and- brought Maud to her foet. And then ; tho solid stone that walled tho rear of tlio-cave began to move. Sir Hurry's, ifirst thought was of an earthquake or some such impending danger, and with instinctive, manly chivalry he tottered to his feet, ahd throw his right arm about Maud'* shouldors. She clung to him and tromblod, but hor black eyes watched the moving stone, and she uttored no word or cry. 'Heavens above 1' ejaouliitcd Sir Harry, holding his companion still closer. 'The day of doom has come, and the dead are coming forth from their graves!' Tho old man emerged from the thick gloom beyond him, shading his eyes with one hand. Here we are at last,' he cried, 'and in the midst of the thunder-storm, too.' Catching sight of tho amazed conple who stood regarding him with distonded eyes, he stopped short, and then made a courtly, old-fashioned bow. ' I beg you pardon ? ' But Maud darted past him with a swift cry, and grasped Ambrose, as he issued liko a gaunt skeleton from the yawning tunnel. ' Ambrosei Ambrose 1' she panted, ' what does this moan?' 'Wait a' minute,' he faltered, 'and you shall' know. . I'm weak — -' His voice failed, and before he could reach t ho stone seat he fell prostrate in a swoon, .- - Maud, forgetful for the momontof Sir Harry audOnSdnjnries, flew to -him and riiisedTiis head. 'Poor Ambrose ! Why, he looks as if he had beenijiead and buried,' sho cried, smoothing, back the hair from his hag gard face. ' What can have happened to him ?' ' He has fieon buried, though not quite dead,' King' Lear mndo answor, touching a secret spring as he spoke, which sent tho great stone back into its place, 'down in the dungeon beneath tho old manor. It was a lucky thing I saw him go down, for I take, it, sir,' bowing to Sir Harry, ' I'm the only man alivo who konws the secrot of this underground passage.' ' Underground passage is it ? And who the deuce are yon ?' The old mar\ laughed and Btroked hiB frosty board. 'You ataro'at ine as if I were a ghost.' 'A ghostatfirstsiglit Icortuinly thought you. I should take you for a Trovothon now. You look like tho old Trevothon portraits at Lyndith Hall. By Jove, you must bei tho long missing Sir Arthur.' But the old man shook hiB silvored head. J 'Nay, I am.-not Sir Arthur. I am only King Lear.' 'King Lear?' 'Yea; they call me K;ng Lear at Moreton House. . A good onough rime, isn't it? And you, sir, what may your namo bo ?' 'Trnham.' 'Ah! A sterling, old name. And you visit Lyndith Hall ? ' ;i Quite often.', ' How does the old plnco look ? Going to ruins, isn't it ?' ,. ' Ruins, indeed ? - Sir Geoffrey had it repaired a year or so ago, and it looks liko a palace.' ' Sir Geoffrey ? What manner of man is he ?' ? ' A very pleasant gentleman.' The old man. laughed till tho cave rang with shrill echoes. ' Sir Geoffrey ! Well, this is a queer world. I'll get back to Moreton House and stay there, I believe. Why should I care ? Only for tho boy's sake. Do you happen to know, Bir, if Sir Geo&rey; has a ?on?' ; ' Ho'b a madman, 'thought Sir Arthur, ' the . same: person, without doubt, thut Miss Trevethon saw at tho Haunted Manor. . Yet,, how like the Trevethon's he looks.'. ' Yjjo; Sir^Jeoffrey. has a son,' he an swored, aloud. ' A son!'V' Thore' was unutterable sor row in - his 'voicof- 'Do you know his name?? A'-.'. ' Yea ;'it is Richmond.' A cry of poinbrdko from tho old man's lips, and then his sfrrili laughter rang out ?gain. .' ' V,' v..,-. 'Sir Geoffrey 'Trevothon has a son, you say, and ho isr.callod Richmond,' he repeated. ' Well, well, it must be true what they say of me, I am a . madman. I'll got baok to Moreton House, and die tlioro. I've lost' my place in tho world.' ' ? Ho turnod swiftly, and passing out at the door of tho cave, disappeared in the wild, whirling storm. CHAPTER XXIV. * THE DEAtf-~iUN'S BTOtT. Sir Hvrry lay at'tbe Fellslde Farm-House, unable to lif t hts head from the fragrant white pillow to which Maud had consigned it ; hii injuries having turned out to be much more serious that any one had apprehended. 'You cannot be Snored, air, and you'll not '?.tir out of this house (or weeks to come. That ankle, ii an , ugly fracture, aqd you're some internal injury in the bargain. Th« loast exertion now might cost you youi ' life.' That was Dr. Nugent's verdict. Hearing It, poor Sir Harry groaned alouj. ' 'Tis too confounded bad 1 Why, I'd give half I'm worth to get to London to-day. und here I must lio like a log.. Well, sir,' turning to Ambrose, ' if there's no help for it, I must beg you to go in my place. 'I'll go, sir.' ' Very well ; and take that marvellous document with you. You say you found it in the skeleton's hand, and there's a ring on the finger ?' ' That iB what I said, sir.' Sir Harry looked up at the young High lander's handsome, grave face, with a sort of curious wonder. '? AVhat possessed you to go down into that dungeon 1' he asked. ' I had heard of the mystery of Black Hoi low Orange.' ' And you set to work to clear it up f Well, you took the job out of my hands. A day later, and I should have done the same thing that you hare done. No matter sines the. riddle is solved. Mr. Qerhart, did you ? ovor hear of MiBs Lonore Trevethon ?' 'The daughter of. the mining baronet} Yes, she married- Sir Geoffrey's son, and went abroad. I taw ' the account in the' papers.' ' Precisely. Now, Mr. Gerhart, I beg that you won't aBk ma a question, but only have tho kindness to do. aa I tell you. There's a secret in this matter, which I atu bound in honor not to betray, you understand ?' ' I understand, sir. What would you like me to do I' 'Take the paper— (Heavens, what a atir it will make aiming the aristocracy of Lon don ; I must be tliero to seo), Mr. Gerhart, and go to No. — 8t. John's Wood. There is a lady there — I can't give her name ; that's where the secret comea in, you see. I'll tell this much — she's vitally concerned in these discoveries. You must see her, and show her the paper before you submit it to any one else.' Ambrose shrugged hiB shapely shoulders. ' Rather a blindfold sort of orrand, I should say, sir,' he replied. ' For whom shall I ask, if I'm not to know the lady's name?' 'I'll write a notejand seal it. and you shall send it up to her.' ' Very well. You look liko a man of honor. Write the note and I will do as you ;wiah, though I must confcaa I am not particularly pleased with the errand.' Sir Harry with much pain and difficulty wrote the note, .aigued and sealed it, and directed it to ' The Lady on the firat floor front, No. — St. John'a Wood.' With thia letter in his possession, Am brose, tall and gannt from his late sufferings, journeyed down to Londun. Ho took a cab at the depot and drovs direct to St. John's Woud, reachiujj the un pretending dwelling which bore the desig nated number a little before sunset. The hoBtess herself received him in her ?mall Bittingroom, and took charge of tne note. There was a lady on the first floor, front ; she would take it up to her. Ambrose sat down and waited, the yellow leaves, which had been hidden for ao many yeara iu the black dungeon, rising Bnd fal ling with every beat of his impatient heart. Five, ten minutes ; and then thore came a light atep and the rustle of a woman's gar ments. The door opened, aud Ambrose rose to hia feet. . ' I beg your pardon, madam, for this in trusion — ' he be^an, but at sight of hei face the words died on his lips. He stood and stared like one who seea an appaiilfon. He stood face to face with the woman for whose sake he had once risked his life, the woman ho loved I For one minute Miss Trevethon lost her imperial aelf-control. Tho hot blood surged to her temples, her clr*-r eyes fell, her hcirt heaved with great, suffocating throbs ; but in the next ahe was her own queenly aelf. ' . She advanced to meet her visitor, extend ing one slender white hand. | - ' I am glad to see you, Mr. Gerhart',' ahe said. ?' Sir Harry failed to mention your name in the note, and meeting you so sud denly surprised me. You are well J' ' I am well; thank you,' answered Am brose, accepting the sent she offered^ am*, setting hiB teeth hard to keep down his emo tion. If it cost him his life, she should not see how the sight of her loveliness moved him. She drew a seat in front of him, and folded her graceful hands. ' 1'oor Sir Harry has met with [an acci dent 7'' she went on. 'I hope it is nothing serious.' ' She loves him,' thought Ambrose ; 'and he her. What a fool I was to be decoyed into coming hero.' 'Nothing seriouB,' he answered aloud j ' only a painful fracturo, which forces him to keep quiet.' ' Aud it was all for mo. Poor, kind Sir Henry I' She wrung her lovoly hands, and Ambrose bit his lips in an agony of jealous rage. ' lie tells mo,' she continued, after a minute, ' that you havo been making soma very wonderful discoveries at (tho Haunted Grange ?' Ambrose rose abruptly, and drew the roll of yollow paper from his breast. ' 1 have been down in tho dungeon again,' he blurted 'out, ' and I found a skeleton. Theao papers were in its hands, and there was a diamond ring upon its finger. The papers I brought away, tho ring I left un touched.' Miss Trevothon half rose, her face the hue of death, her limbs shaking under her, but Bank back again, u&able; to articulate a word. ' Sir Harry Tresham insisted that I should bring the papers here and show thorn to you first, and here they are,' continued the ysung man, laying them on tho table beside her. She looked at them, shuddering from head to foot. ' A skeleton — a skeleton down in that awful place 1 Oh, my poor murdered father!' Ambroao gave a great start. ' Good heavens I' he cried, you don't mean to say ? ' But, checking himself, he stopped short, leaving the question unasked. Still trembling in every limb, still death white, Lenore took up the yellow roll, and smoothed out its discolored pagtB. The first was dated some years back, and ran as follows . ' I, Arthur Trevethon, do leave this, my last charge and testimony, hoping that by some ihancoltiiiay ono day come to tho eyes of the world. I am down in this dungeon benoath tho manor, mangled and dying. I was forced through tho trap-door, which opens from the anti'room which adjoins the library, by a man who come to mo profonsing tj) bo my cousin, Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, tho late baronet's son and lieir. This man is strangely like Sir Geoffrey. Moroovor, ho has ample proofs of bis identity, bui ho is an impestor, nevertheless. I told him so nhen he camo to me as I sat in the library on tho night previous to nay return to London. / ' Ho grew livid with guilt and rago, and seizing inn bodily, forced mo into tho anteroom, aud through tho secret door. 'Noir betray me, if you can 1' were his last words to me, as I fell. ' I am writing this, in tho thick darkness, on tho loaves of my diary. Tho chill of death is al ready at my hesrt. I shall never seo tho light again— nover see-tho faces of my dear wife and child until I moot tliom in heaven. I shall dis down here in this terrible place, and no ouo will know; but heaven's justice will surely bring this foul deed to light. By some chauco my fato will be made known to tho world, and this paper, which I am writing in darkness, and in untold agony, will be found. And to him who finds it, I g.- j my ehsrgo. Avengo my murder, and right this great wrong. Tho man who a is himself Sir Geoffrey Trevethon is a base inip^wr. The true Sir Geoflrey will come ono day and claim his own. 'I can write no more. My hand fails, and death comes to set mo froe. My dear wife, farewell. Lenoro, my littlo girl, it you live, do not diirogard your poor, fond father's will. When your Cousin Richmond comes, you will ratify your childish betrothal, and become his wife ; and may the Al mighty Father *nd oroipsr my daughter and her husband. ITOUbcohtinmd.J 