MR. BARTON'S SPEECH. TO T1IK KDITOR. Sir, — Mr. Barton's spoocli at the Protestant- hall on Friday night last must have been a great disappointment to tho general public, who expect ed that he would reply to his opponents, and at least attempt to prove tho Justice, or even the necessity, 01 consiuuung lue oenate un uu equ.u rights basis, and that ho woud generally defend the Draft Bill against Its critics. If we take from Mr. Barton's speech the tru isms and the personal Insinuations, wo shall, be yond unsupported assertions and assumptions, And very little left In reply to his critics, except seme Inconsistent statements to which I shall refer. Mr. Barton's assumption that those criticising ths Draft Bill aro disappointed candidates Is hard ly good enough, when the public are anxiously looking forward for a reply to the arguments of men who, like himself, wore elected to tho Con vention. It Is safe to assert that Mr. Barton will havo to reply to men like Sir George Dlbbs, Mr. Plddington, and at least a hundred of tho hundred and twenty-tiro New South Wales Ms.P., and also many Influential men who honestly be lieve that to federate under tho Draft Bill would bo to substitute in place of our present method of government by the majority a system under which It would (to put It In tho mildest form) bo possible for a minority to control the destinies of the Commonwealth. Not ono word was said by Mr. Barton in reply to those who allege that the Americans, at a time of critical internal dissension and danger, reluctantly, and as a necessary compromise, and not as a just principle, embodied tho idea of equal representation In tho Senate In their Con stitution; and thut they paid for their huge mis take a price Involving rivers of blood and the ex penditure of fourteen hundred millions of money. Until Mr. Barton can show that this version of American Federal history, so ably put by Mr. Plddington, is Incorrect; until he can show us that provision has been mado In tho bill sooner or later to settle the possible clashing of national Interests with State interests by other methods than the American method referred to, we shall consider it our duty to refuse to hand down to our children a Constitution which may possibly, on an alien labor or ou any other question, re produce for them. If not even In our own time, a repetition of all the horrors of a fratricdal war. One of the questions we want Mr. Barton to answer Is whether under this bill it would not be possible for comparatively and numerically un important sections of the Commonwealth perpet ually to hand themselves together to resist the will of, say, three or four times tho number so banded. The writer contends tliat there is no method provided of ending such a state of affairs, as even the control of the purse (admitting for arugment's sake that tho House of Representatives really would have tho power of the purse, which Is doubtful), would prove an inefllclent lover to raise the deadlock- in such a case. Will those who advocate the equal rights principle recall the absolutely humiliating posi tion in which the twenty representatives of the two and a half million of Victorians and New- South Welshmen were placed in, when to secure what has been described by Mr. M'MIUan as the difference between Tweedle-dee and Tweedle dum, the twenty had to threaten to stonewall tho Convention until the ten West Australians should go home. What has happened may happen, and we can only expect that a Senate oloeted on tlio saino basis as the Convention would reproduce the same state of affairs, with this difference: that the six West Australians would not be wanting to go home, consequently the representatives of two and a halt million of people would be in tho same position as they were In the Convention — minus the efrtcacy of the threat. As a sample of Mr. Barton's logic, it is only necessary to point out that while he contends that under this bill the Senate would not be mas ter of tho situation, ho has spent years and flooded us with oceans of oratory to prove that only by making the Senate. master of the situa tion would it be possible to federate and to pre vent tlio smaller States being swallowed by tho larger. Right here I would ask Mr. Barton — Havo the larger States In the existing Federations, where the proportional principle of Stato representations has been adopted, swallowed up the smaller? Has Ontario with its twenty-four Senators swal lowed up Manitoba with Its six? Has Prussia with Its seventeen Senators become gorged by swallowing any of tbe four kingdoms or any of the seventeen small States having each only one representative in the Bundosratli? It may go down with the crowd to say, "We are not prepared for amalgamation; you have given us no mandate to draft a Constitution in volving unification." It Is not good enough for thinking men, whoso reading of modern federal history teaches them that the true federal Idea lias been Just as surely attained in Canada and Germany under proportional representation as In the United States under the equal rights system, with this important distinction In favor of the proportional, that It Is easier to prevent a conflict between national and State interests, becauso it Is easier for tho national volco effectually to assert Itself. One has only to note In tho fear of Mr. Wise which prompted Ills resolutions in favor of dis solving tlic Senate after punishing tho people's representatives, possibly for tbo sins of tho Senate, to realise that he had assisted, in Ills own words, "without any theoretic justification," to make the House of tho States too strong for tho House of tho People; that he had raised the ghost it would he necessary to lay. Both Mr. Turner and Mr. Reld declared that they would not dare to go back to tho people with a bill which mado It possible for a Senate representing an .insignificant minority to control finance bills and the' cxpendtturo of moneys raised by tho Commonwealth. Surely tills was an admission that unless tho wlugs of the Senate wore clipped a minority Senate would decide and control tho finances of tho Commonwealth. Can any one reason ho adduced why we should concede to a Senate admittedly clothed with power to misrepresent the people a controlling power over important social or other bills, which to the people may bo even of more importance than money bills? Mr. Barton claims that he, and not his critics, truly represents tho public view of the debat able points under review. Mr. Barton must be surrounded by a body-guard of Federationlsts at any price to keep him from the public, or he must be too intoxicated by the unique position. In which the people havo placed him to gauge the strength of public opinion, That the elections proved tho existence of a strong desire on the part of tho people for Fede ration is undeniable; that they gave a mandate In favor of equal rights representation Is, how ever, not correct, nor can Messrs. Barton, Wise, aud Co. claim that they, and not Messrs. Dyne, Carruthers, and Co., represent tho true feeling of tho electors of New South Wales on this ques tion. Mr. Barton accuses his opponents of suppress ing tho democratic points of the bill. To clear myself of such a charge, allow me to state that the bill provides for olectlon by the people; that there Is no property qualification, no monetary deposit; nomination is to be as freo as tho air; all men are to be equally eligible as candidates; there is to he one man one vote. But It Is spe cially provided, both In constituting the House of Representatives and tho Senate, that each vote shall not be of equal value, -and that a Tasmanlan vote for the Senate shall count one, while a Now South Wales vote shall ho one-tenth of that value. Having thus fully ndvortised the democratic poluts of tho measure, will you permit me to suggest that the electors shall ponder well over tho advice given by the old Greek when he warned them to distinguish between, that which Is democratic in semblance and that which really works out democratleallv In effect. — Yours, ete.. C. VON HAGEN. 