Misconceptions. BY SIDNEY LUSKA. (CONTINUED FROM FEB ISSUE) AFTER dinner he would not let her leave him but returned with her to the drawing-room, and she said that he might smoke. He smoked odd little Cuban cigarettes, whereof the odour was delicate and aromatic. They had talked of everything ; they had laughed and sighed over joys and sorrows. We know how in the courts of memory, mirth and melancholy wander hand in hand. She had cried a little when her husband and her brother were first spoken of, but at some comic reminiscence of them a moment after she was smiling through her tears. "Do you remem- ber so and so ?" and "What has become of such a one ?'' were types of the questions they asked each other, conjuring up old friends and enemies like ghosts out of the past. Inci- dentally he had described Porta Rica and its negroes and Spaniards, its climate, its fauna and its flora. In the drawing room they sat on opposite sides of the fire, and were silent for a bit. Profiting by the permission she had given him he produced one of his Cuban cigarettes, open- ed it at its ends, unrolled it, rolled it up again and lit it " Now the time has come for you to tell me what I most want to know, " she said. " What is that ? " " Why you went away ? " " Oh ! " he murmured. She waited a minute. Then, "Tell me," she urged. " Do you remember Mary Isona ? " he asked. She glanced up at him suddenly as if startled, " Mary Isona ? Yes, of course. " " Well, I was in love with her. '' " You were in love with Mary Isona ? '' " I was very much in love with her. I have never got over it, I'm afraid. She gazed fixedly at the fire. Her lips were compressed. She saw a slender girl in a plain black frock, with a sensitive, pale face, luminous, sad, dark eyes, and a mass of dark, waving hair—Mary Isona, of Italian parentage a little music teacher, whose only relation to the world Theodore Vellan lived in was profess- ional. She came into it for an hour or two at a time now and then, to play or to give a music lesson. "Yes," he repeated ; " I was in love with her. I have never been in love with any other woman. It seems ridiculous for an old man to say it, but I am in love with her still. "An old man ? Are we really old ? Our bodies grow old, our skin wrinkles, our hair turns gray, but the mind, the spirit, the heart ? The thing we call ' I ' ? Anyhow, not a day not an hour passes, but I think of her, I long for her, I mourn for her. You knew her— you knew what she was. Do you remember her playing ? Her wonderful eyes ? Her beautiful pale face ? And how the hair grew round the forehead ? And her talk, her voice her intelligence ! Her taste, her instinct in literature and art was the finest I have known." "Yes, yes, yes," Mrs. Kempton, said slowly. " She was a rare woman—better than any one else, I think. I knew all the unhappy circumstances of her life ; her horrid vulgar mother ; her poor dreamy inefficient father ; their poverty ; how hard she had to work. You were in love with her, why didn't you marry her ?" "She wouldn't have me. " "Did you ask her ? " "It was needless. It went without saying." "You can never tell. You ought to have asked her.'' " It was on the tip of my tongue, of course, to do so hundreds of times. My life has pass- ed in torturing myself with the question whether I had a chance, in hoping and fearing. But as often as I found myself alone with her I knew it was impossible and hopeless. Her manner to me—it was of frank friendliness. There was no mistaking it. She never thought of loving me." " You were wrong not to ask her. One never can be sure. Oh, why didn't you ask her ? "His old friend spoke with great feeling. He looked at her surprised and eager. "Do you really think she might have cared for me." " Oh, you ought to have told her ; you ought to have asked her, " she repeated. "Well now you know why I went away." " Yes." " When I heard of her—her—death, "—he could not bring himself to say suicide—there was nothing else for me to do. It was so hideous, so unutterable. To go on with my old life in the old place, among the old people, was quite impossible. I wanted to follow her, to do what she had done. The only alternative was to fly from England, to fly as far from my self as I could." " Sometimes, " Mrs. Kempton confessed by and bye, " sometimes I wondered whether, possibly your disappearance could have had any such confection with Mary's death—it followed so immediately. I often wondered whether perhaps, you had cared for her. But I couldn't believe it—it was only because the two things happened one upon the other. Oh ! why didn't you tell her ? It is dreadful ! dreadful ! " IV When he had Ieft her she sat still for a little while before the fire. " Life is a chance to make mistakes," she said, half aloud. She rose and went to her desk, unlocked a drawer, turned over its contents, and took out a letter—an old letter, for the paper was yel- low and the ink faded. She came back to the fireside, and unfolded the letter and read it. It covered six sheets of note paper, and was written in a lady's small hand-writing. It was a letter from Mary Isona, written to her, Mar- garet Kempton, the night before she died, more than thirty years ago. The writer re- counted the many harsh circumstances of her life. but they would all have been bearable, she said, save for one great and terrible secret. She had fallen in love with a man who was scarcely conscious of her existence ; she, a little obscure Italian music teacher, had fallen in love with Theodore Vellan. It was as if she had fallen in love with an inhabitant of another planet ; the worlds they respectively belonged to were so far apart. She loved him —she loved him— and she knew her love was hopeless and she could not bear it. Oh, yes, she met him sometimes, here and there, at houses where she went to play, to give lessons. He was civil to her ; he was more than civil— he was kind ; he talked to her about literature and music. "He is so gentle, so strong, so wise ; but he never thought of me as a woman—a woman he could love, a woman who could love. Why should he ? If a moth falls in love with a star the moth must suffer.....I am cowardly, I am weak, I am what you will, but I have more than I can bear. Life is too hard—too hard. To- morrow I shall be dead. You will be the only person to know why I died, and you will keep my secret." " Oh the pity of it—the pity of it !" mur- mured Mrs. Kempton. "I wonder whether I ought to have shown him Mary's letter." 