Dramatic Notes. In Sydney theatres in the past weeks there has been the steady hum of preparation for the Christmas pantomimes, which are to see the light this week. Rehearsals have been going on night and day, and stage mechanists have been hard at work construct ing strange devices, while authors and ' adapters ' have been racking their brains for local 'gags.' There is an immense amount of work in the prepara tion of a pantomime, of which the pubhc can form no idea. The rehearsals for Her Majesty's panto mime, 'The .Babes in tne wood,' were neia in Melbourne durjng the run of ' The French Maid,' and the work was in a state of preparedness when the company arrived here on Sunday. It opens on Boxing Night, and will be interpreted by a very strong company, headed by Miss Ada Reeve and Mr. Bert Gilbert, and with Mr. Coleman and Miss Leamar in the cast, under Mr. J. B. Watson's sta°;e direction. Thursday was to see the opening of Mr. Rickards's pan tomime. ' 'Jack the Giant Killer,' at the Theatre Royal, with Miss Addie Conyers and Miss Lottie Moore as principal boy and girl, Mr. George Lauri as principal comediaa, and a powerful cast of variety artists under the stage management of Miy Storey Gof ton ; and on Monday the Messrs. M'Mahon are to put ou their pantomime of ' Dick Whittington ' at the Lyceum. Meantime IJtz geraldB' big circus has arrived by special steamer from Adelaide, and will have anticipated all the DTiAnre V»tr rt^Qinnrr mi fVio rfoTr rmrm whioh fills nniiflr is issued— Wednesday. The remaining new show will be ' Charley's Aunt,' in which Mr. Flank Thornton will reopen on Boxing Night at the Cri terion, and Mr. Lohr, who, as usual, has been pilot ing that lucky actor-manager, says he has made more money in Australia during the past 12 months thau at any previous period — which does not sound like depression. The Tivoli, of course, will be to the fore at Christmas, notwithstanding Mr. Rickards's other showB. As usual, tho place is crowded whenever visited, and the reigning attractions of this week have been Mr. Albert Athas and Miss Lottie Collins, back from Melbourne, the last week of the Waldrons, Mr. J. W. Winton and his puppets, Messrs. Chas, Dillon and G. H. Caston ; but the great attraction which is announced for Boxing Day and night and the nights thereafter is the Keilino family, a com bination of eight gymnasts and acrobats whose feats are said to be extraordinary and ahead of anything else of the kind we have seen. They are. announced as receiving £150 a week during their Australian engagement. ' The Royal Divorce ' ran on to great houses at Her Majesty's up to the finish, and the theatre was packed for the final performance oil Saturday night. Mr. Julius Knight had to make a speech, which he did humorously, regretting that the play had to be removed at the zemth of its success, and announcing that the audience might regret to hear that Mr. Williamson had arranged that their engagement should be extended a few motths longer and include another Sydney season. He also bespoke a welcome for Mr. Wilson Barrett, ' who will appear in a round of his own favourite parts, and possibly one of mine '—the last statement eliciting cheers and laughter at the appropriation of Mr. Barrett's original creation of Marcus. The company left by the Monowai for New Zealand immediately after the performance. Mr. Goodman has proved superior to fate and theatre traps, and is back again at his post at Her ; Majesty's, recovered from the serious accident which j befel him there, and which would have proved quite ;; enough to finish most men. i ' Arrah na Pogue ' had a good innings at the Lyceum, with Mr. J. P. O'Neill and Miss Maud Williamson at the head, lasting out well till it had to come off on Monday for the pantomime. Mr. O'Neill is taking the fine old drama to Victoria. , Mr. Wilson Barrett got a great reception at the Princess Theatre on Saturday night, and 'Claudian ' j has apparently impressed the Melbournites. The hero is a profligate Byzantine nob'e, who relent lessly pursues a female slave, and when she seeks saiictuary in the cave of a holy hermit 6lays the hermit. The old mau curses his murderer, and dooms him to perpetual youth, which does not sound so dreadful were it not for the proviso that the youth, will destroy everyone he seeks to help. That is the prologue, and the play-thkes up the story 100 years later, when Claudian is the 1 prefect of the rich city of Cnarydos, but is still pur- i sued by his'curee and endeavouring to escape it, for he has seen the error of his waya and now wants to do good and cannot. A peasant girl, Almida (Miss Maud Jeffries) leaves her lover at the sight of . . Claudian, but on Claudian attempting to return her ?; love she is struck blind. Finally he presses the blind 1 Almida to him and defies fate, whereupon the city is laid in ruins by an earthquake, which Is a great feature of the production. Claudian elects to die to lift the curse from Aimida and her lover, and finds redemption in his decision. The 'Argus ' says this last scene (in which the ghost of the mur dered hermit is made to appear) is only saved by the discrimination and strength of Mr. Barrett's acting, and the restraint aud balance of the performance throughout weie as noteworthy as its force. The : critic finds much to say in favour of the produc tion, the company, and the leading laay. In the samB issue is a long interview with Mr. Barrett on the subject of his first Melbourne audience, in which he commends it highly for its dis crimination—the absolute silence observed in the i intense soenes of the play, and the warm applause ifterwards. Mr. Barrett iB among the number of Jtctors who cannot see their audience or anything beyond the footlights. He can only hear them. Harmston's circus is reported as playing to big business in Melbourne. One of its attractions^ a largo female elephant with three baby elephants. Miss Wentworth, Miss Lilian Tree, Mr. Newbury, and a new English character vocalist named Austin liudd, who is said to have ' created a furore,' are at Mr. Rickards's housfe. The Biograph and the Biograph contingent finish there this week. The re doubtable Dan Barry is to open in ' A Gilded Sin ' at the Alexandra on Boxing night ; and Mr. W. Cosgrove with another variation of ' The Widow O'Brien,' entitled ' A Trip to Chicago,' is at the Cambridge. There are to be two pantomimes— the 'Maggie Moore -Hollo way ' Dick Whittington ' at the Royal, and 'Robinson Crusoe,' under the management of Miss Ada Juneen, at the Bijou. News from India tells of great success of the Broughs at Calcutta, where tliey opened in ' Sowing the Wind,' followed by ' Nancy,' ' The Amazons,' ' Rebellious Susan,' 'Fedora,' and ' The Import ance of Being Ernest ' — two a week. As a con sequence of—the great success the company is to remain at Calcutta till February 7, and then go on to China and Singapore. It is difficult to imagine the Broughs without Messrs. Boucicault, Tither adge, and Carey ; but everyone here is glad to know they are doing so well. Mr. Willie Freear is going to tour Australia with his own entertainment, ' Freear's Frivolities.' The murder of Mr. William Terriss has created a great sensation out here. More than once we have been promised a visit from this ? hero of a hundred melodramas, and now he has fallen by the assassin's kuife which he has so often braved in the mimic life of the stage. The actor's portrait and the particulars of the crime are given else where in this issue, but it is interesting to quote here what Mr. Wilson Barrett has been telling the ' Argus ' in reference to the matter. The English actor says that Mr. Terriss was very popular with the whole of the profession, and a very great favourite iu London, not only at the Adeiphi, but at the Lyceum. He was not a mau likely to have an enemy. He kept himself to himself, and was not likely to offend anybody with whom he came in contact. He had a frank, outspoken temperament, and had been a sailor in his early days. He had seen a great deal of adventure, and had beeu shipwrecked once or twice. He was about 48 years of age, but did not look more than 30, was one of the hand somest men on the stige, and a fine, manly, breezy actor. He was the father of Ellalline Terriss, who married Mr. Seymour Hicks, of the Gaiety Com pany, and had a sou, Mr. Thomas Terriss, on tho stage. Concerning the assassin, Mr. Barrett thinks, from the name ' Archer ' given iu the cable message, that this is a man who followed him about with a revolver for a considerable time when he was at the Princess's Theatre in LondoD. At last Mr. Barrett called Archer into his office, and accused him of wanting to murder him. Archer admitted the accusation, and when asked his reason said that our visitor was his brother, and had robbed him, showing, as Mr. Barrett points out, that he was mad. They are more particular in New Zealand as to the employment of children than in Australia. One Harry Baxter has been fined £5 and costs, at the instance of the Auckland Society for the Protection of Women and Children, for allowing a girl named Dara Mellanta, under 10 years of age, to sing with his company, but the magistrate reduced the fine to £1 on learning that Baxter had not been warned by the police before the action was brought. He said that in Australia such children were allowed to perform up to 9 p.m. 