HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 3. The SPKAKxa (Hon. Sir Jcnkin Coles, K.C.M.G.) took the Chair at 2 am. SUPPLY BILL NO. 2. His Excellence tho Governor, bv messase. aotihcd assent to supply Act 2\o. G,o. JETTY AT HOG BAY. The TREASURER (lion. F. W. HpMer), in reiilr to Mr. Kixc O' Mallet, said the i liovenitnetu having made thorough enquiries ' into the ?juestioa of tho advisability of build- j iusr a jetty at ilo;: Bay. did not feel jiistitied j in recommending the work. SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION AT MARION. Mr. PRICE referred to tb« pressure that tin.' children at thu Marion School, in the District of .'itiirt, were pas to. Slaving to btt (.lught iu an iron shed in all sorts of weather, and asked whether it was not advisable to extend tho school a-.-commodalion. The MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr. Cockborn) said be would make enquiries and ask for a rejwrt on the matter. RAILWAY DEPARTMENT REGULA TIONS. Mr. WOOD asked—' 1. Is regulation No. 10 in forco at the present time in the Railway Department? If so. have the . guards and portent received half pay while waiting at stations for hours, as specified in sscb regula tion? 3. If not, is it the intention of tho CommiSHioner of Railways to pay amounts due, which such regulation allows to em PT3he' COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC ! WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)— '1. 2, aad3; I No. it nan bean varied ia several rerpeets, in clnding the reduction of hours from sixty to forty-eight hours per week.' PROrECTION OF BRIDGES AT YACKA. , Mr. MILLER asked - ''When will the work in connection with the protection ot the bridges at Yacka bo proceeded with. Thu TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) ' As soon as Parliament has passed the suui on the Estiuiates.' WATER TRAIN FROM GLADSTONE TO PKT::i«i;URG. Mr. ROBERTS asked— 1. Is it true that a water train is lieinp run from Gladstono to Potsrsliare, takin? about :M,«.i00 u.\llons, more or Ie*s. of water irotn tlie Beetaloo supply? 2\. If true. do«s the Commissioner think it ricut to dra.'.v s-o largely fruui that supply, considering its .shortage, when there ii a supply closer to Petersl.ur^?1 Tho COMMISSION Kit of CROWN LAN OS (lion. L. O'Loughlin)— '1. Yes. A supply is i-cihg daily drawn from tl;o Beetalno mains at (-la«ts:i)n-.-. 2. The Rail wavaCoaiuiisiioti'jr reports that lie very much doubts whether an adequate supply can be obtained froai anv otiicr reservoir ir. tho vicinity, but enquiries will be made. The Government propeso to stop every drain on the Bctaloo Reservoir which can bo avoided.*' LEAVE OF ACSKXCE TO MR. M.'PHEKSON. Mr. SCHERK moved— 'That two weeks' leave of absence be granted to tbo hon. mem ber for East Adelaide, Mr. McPhersou, on account of ill-health.' Hon. members very deeply retr retted the cause of Mr. McPherson's ab.-enco, aud sincerely hoped that he would s-oon be restored to health, be ablo to take part in the deliberations, and continue that xood and useful work in the future which he had dono in tbo past. Motion ap*ccd to. POLLING-PLACE AT NILDOTTIE. Mr. HANDYSIDE moved— 'That an add re« «a be presented to HLs Excellency the Governor. pra\ itit; llu Excellency to issue a proc!;vu)atii-u dc.'aring Allotment No. 3, Hundred Nildottu.-, a polling-placo iu the Electoral District of Albvrt.' The At torney General ha-l lcin-lly shown him a repor; from th-» Keturuinp Oi-Cer. aud it v.-.v- seemingly a^ain^t the pollinc-place. tun ho thoiicrht he was right in saying that ttrn Kcturr.intr UlH'or was no: woll acquainted with the district, ile said thero w«re tweiity elector.* at East Wel liugt jn. That w:u from ninety to 100 miles fro^i S'.vau ll^acb, aud the neurc.-st polling plaoo to Swun Ruauh was about fifty ini!e-. A gjod deal of lasid had licen taken up iu the district lately. Num l-cr* Lad settled down there for farming, and i hey would acr-onmiodatu beside* Nildottie Swan Kcach. Ba!:ar.\\. Poialey, and part of the Uuaurod of Furster. It the Attorney General thought it bt'trcr to tako the electors off aad put thorn on to tho other district the G r.crninont might save money, but the electors might not think they would be so I well rvprtwoiitcd by the members for Gume racha. \Vhat the iieoplo want was a chance to rsucrd their votei. It wouM be far butter if th« Attorney -General would give more information. becauMi the Rcturnine Officer bad not taken the district ho mentioned into consideration. On tiic motion o: tho PREMIER the debate was adjourned till Wednesday. November 17. POLLING-PLACE AT BLACK HILL. Mr. HAND ALL :noved— 'That an address be presented to Hi* Excellency the Governor, prayiiu His Excellency to issuo a proclama tion declaring K'ack Hill to be a polling-place in the Electoral District of Humcracha.' Forty eight had signed the petition : tbo distances they had to travel now to the nearest polling place were froai twelve to seventeen mi Irs. whereas with a polling-place at Hlack Hill they would only have to go from 'JlQ yards to three mile*. This wa« a vory goodpait of tbv countrv and a growing place. The PREMIER \ Uirflir Hon. C. C. King iCon)said, a.-- it ;-cctned likeh* that forty -Siva electors would vote at this place, although the Retur.iinR Olficvr £ur Omucracha had qualified his report by certain o-ndition.«, thu Uover::u:cnt would not opj'-ose the motion. Motion agreed to. DUAINAOK IN THE 60VTII-EAST. Mr. MOURfS iaov.«d— 'That, seeing the construction of the tlr.iin. jtaiictiuned in 1SU5, froai the lI;i:idr«Ml oi Ridd--ch in the south to i the Hundred of DurHeld in the north, aud carried out last year, lias not rcheved the flovl waters in the Ilundrcdi of Keimion, Sym--n. and Rivoli Hay. in the opinu-n of this Houmi it is d-r-- iriib!e that what is knonii as tho Moun* llopo Drainage S.:h«»aie in the Scu'h Eas: should in- carriwl out. aud that a Kill I authorizing ti-'-* work l*- introduced.'' IK- did not laesn to say that th«» drain carried nut with the sanction of the Home had :K-t been effective in every way: it had lelievej the flood water* to th«s westward very considerably, but n«'t in th-; Hundred)* of Symon. Kennion, and liivoli Bay. A Ccaimiiviou in 1SV2 con s^Jcrrd the .?V»utli-castern drainage qiie.-rion. and recomraeuded the construction of a drain from Furii'.r via Mount Uup-- to tha sea, the opinion being .--!-?- expressed that such draiu would relieve the flood water; in the locality. In ly.Vj the Eutrine«r-in-Chief reported on this drain:— 'Natnrr.lly the tirst step which commends itself to every careful observer is the relieving of Ket*dy Creek from some or all of the flood watct.- which now do so much (!auiiiro to the country lying to tho v.v»t there-tf. With this end in view *ugci'»tious hr.vo from time to time been made u-r a relieving drain, to start from near Fumer and divharge throu-:h Mount Hope Gap inro I^-.ke Fronie. A survey and careful exvaina'ion for tins work have now been made, which admit cf - preliminary e«tisiate Lein; given. A drain to dirsharge j the whole of the water brought :o Fumer from the east by the cxi.'tin? drain? will cos* about £40.000. while a drain to relieve the Reedy Creek of one-half of this quantity of water will cost approximately £J3.'r--. The nee rcstilt of indatwndent'y carry injr off by thw drain, say one-half of :h»? water which now rio'.fs into Reedy Creek a: Kurner. would be th«« savins of a narrow strip of clsierty second c!:is» land from excessive Howl alone the creek, and benotitinp to some extent a' district of a'Hwt 5v» squire mile* to the we« oi the ranpre at a cost of sav £23.«'-O. The drain would not in any way intercept rater flowing underground from 'the higher levels, and whether furttter local drainage would be necessary in the country affected would depend upon the purpose which the said country aay be used for in the future.' Tbat was strongly in favour of this scheme. He did not ask the House to sanction the carrying out of the whole scheme, but only the cutting of the Mount Hope gap, at a coat of £4.000, and say one mile of drain, another £1.100, or roughly a total cost of £5,000. That should be done by the Government on toe distinct understanding tbat tho District Councils interested carried out tho other portions of the drainago out of their revenue by loan. Relieving the fioodwatcrs of the South- East was quito as important as the con servation of water in the north. They had just been talking about purchasing land from private owners with a view to closer settle ment ; here there was land to the extent of 100.000 acres in the Hundred of Rivoli Bay, and 20,000 acres in the Hundred of Syinon, which would be directly atfected ; and there would bo 15,000 acres in the Hundred of Symon, 10.000 acres in the Hundred of Smith, 3.000 in the Hundred of Mount Muirhcad, and 15.000 in tho Hundred of Konniou, which would be indirectly affected, or a total of 103.000 acres. A groat deal of this land could not now bo put to pro fitable use ; it was a perfect sea, owing to tho waters from the higher levels, which had no egress. Ho had received a letter from the Chairman of the Beachport District Council, who said : — ' If there couli be auy scheme where the Councils could j'in together and carry out their share of tbe work, I a:n sura that Beachport would be wiihnt; to carry one their part of the work. I will try and see the Chairman of Konnion. ic. and send you a telegram.' It was provided for in the Bill of 1505 that District Councils could amalgamate and carry out i-u?h works, and power waa also given to tho Commissioner to compel tho work to be carried j out. Tho work would be done under the super- j vision of the .Survvyor-iicnerul. so that tliere ? would be no danger of its uot'.-iin^ completed. ; No time should bo Ins: in pivin j relief to the : settlors in the hundred by lad named, uuu to : those who took up th-.-ir holdings upon tho'. representations that tho lands were drained ? lands were entitled to consideration. The I rainfall of the district was aoout 30 in. I per year One inch meant ton milhoi ? gallons per sr,uaremik\ a:id c-»nsideriu{,' thac each hundred contained 100 square ruilus. and t that only ?--) percent, of that rainfall was dis- , po-ted of by absorption and evaporation, it j must he patent that some provision nr.i-t bo: ci&dft; for carrying: off a very lar^u v-i!u:ue oi j water. Mr.'Hanilyskl«.\ who was Chair.nan . of the South- Kanern Draina^u Commission, - and other hon. lucmhierskncw thehard hips thu ? pe.'plo -uifered, and unless they received somo relief they would !w no longer ab!e to jiay the rent. He houod tho House would favonrabjy , consider the 'scheme and grant the £-.Ui» . necessary on condition that the District . Council-T carried out their part of ;ue draiua^; . operations. 1 Mr. COCK said it was about four or fivo years since the question -.vasiirit tackled, and th-*y were now very little further on with it ; than they were then. He hoped the Hou»e ? would decide to go on with the work. Sonic- ; thing should undoubtedly be done, and j that speedily, before tbe country was flooded i with the winter rains. If the land were [ drained there would be a large quantity! available for settlement. At present too larca j a scope was left for tho water to remain on the j surface, keeping the surface xnt and boggy , nearly all the winter. The Engineer-in- ! Chief and officials of tho department had studied the matter, and he believed they had | done their very bast to initiate a scheme that j would be of sorvico to tho colony. It was I surprising what could be accomplished if that I and other small schemed wcro carried out. | He knew a spot near Millicenc where a man j bad a littlo titrec scrub not aa big as the i Aaneinbly Chamber. Tho occupier, who bad ' a largo family and fine strong boys, tr»!: up j the titroe, and m-day tho plaes was a picture of a garden. The greater part of tuo food for tho family naiv came out of that little portion of the holding, ilo hoped thai they ivouKl not always luok aftur tin larger areas. He would sooner seo attempts to cultivate the smaller areas like that than tho occupation of lar;e areas, which could not bo properly controlled. Mr. FOSTKK. asked tho Commissioner of Public Works when he spoke to give the i H»u.-ic so:no information about the drainazo quL.ition in the South-East a* a whole, flo would like to havo looked up the oluobook*. if ho bad time, to ascertain thcaniuuns of money that had been expended. on the South- Ka«torn drainage. (Mr. Cock—' It would dtaintcrany one.' Mr. Handyside — 'About fiiTO.VJ'l.' The Coiniuissioncr of Public Works— 'About £233, OW.') Was it not quito time for tha rt-spoueiblo oilicen of the dnparrment to submit for the consideration of Parliament a complete scheme as to what was rc'i'm-cd to thoroughly dice: the drainago ot jaiuis in the South- East. Only last se--ioii a piecu of work was approved, and some £o0,000 was involved. They were given to uudcr.-taml thac that work would bo the solution of the ditfiuulty so far as a const Jerable area oi the laud in* the South- East was concerned. (Tho Commissioner of Public Works— 'Only tt n certain cxtcnt.n( Well, he wo:i!d put it that all that was anticipated in ttio oxpenditnro of tha! money had not b.-cn realiz'.-d. (Th*: Commissioner of Public Work.-. — 'Tho work is not finished yet.') Not long ae«o the Com missioner submitted to Parliament a compre hensive scheme of water conservation. The Urj?e could understand in a moderate form something about the thirty or -.iiore sth-.?aies submitted by the En^inccr-in-Chici's Depart ment, and ho should liko the department to follow tho same plan with respect to (retting rid of tho v.att-r in thu _ South Evt. When tho I'ln^incar-in- CUicf had told them how they could overcome the diiiicnlties they wor.ld know then howuny pieceof work would lit in with the general plan. They did not kuow if the department was undertaking tbe drainage of certain lands at a cost altogether iu excess of thu value of tho laud, and the Houso should havo the fullest possible information. He asked tho Com missioner to got them the details of what was required to comoleto tho drainage, so tbat Parliament could know if the parts of tho scheme would fit in with the complete plan. A great ainouut of work had boon done, and uselessly done, and it was quite timo they put an ond to the useless waste. ? - On the motion of the COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) tho debate was adjourned until Wednesday, November 17. ' : CEMETERIES ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Tbe legislative Council notified by message that it bad agreed to the amendments recom mended by His Exceilencv the Governor in the Cjraateries Act Amendment Bill without any amendment. .{ COST OF WORKING HEX'S BLOCKS. Mr. BCJTLKR, at tbe request of . Mr. GtLiiERT, moved— 'That it return be laid upim the table- of this Uouho showing — I. Tha first cost per acre of lands bough; for working men's blocks at Everston, near Gawler. 2. Tho total dual cost per acre ou saino blocks. 3\. Tho amount per acre charged to Mockers. 4. Tho number of blocks that havo been taken up _ at present time.'' tjoiue weeks ag-- a poiition signed by nearly all the blockort situated on the west side of the railway near Gawivr was presented to tho Commissioner of Crown Lands by his col leaguo and himself askiug for a reduction in the amount of interest charged to tbe blo^kers for various reasons, ciiielly that tbe land was Durchascd at a high price and the !and had been cropped for many years. Tho Commis sioner took the stand tluft as the (iiivernaient had borrowed the money at a higher rate of interest than they were now paying th«y would lo?e money if they reduced ilw interest. Hi* colleague's object was to ascertain t!ie exact position in regard to the t-o-t. Mr. COPLEY*, in unsporting tho morion, said that was one of tho c.v+es in which the tuc-oss !iad not boon s'- great i-- they mijht have wished, and it \\\:-A c«--»-; ab-r.it in t'lis way : — There was a cr«*ae ?iiilicuity in obtain ing land. \nd con.»id'-ra!i:-? dsiay ixrcurred. and j !a?:d had uiade other arrangements before it ? w..-' i-^-:Ij!i- for ino liovcrumcni. anxious as j tii-y werv to t»u* tin- i--v-pii» oti t!n- tund. to ! obtain a h!«i-*k. Tho ivid wa-- thi*rvforo not I takc-n up so readily an «- hypci. It was o::o ! of thu-.t- ca-.-s where tiie repurcha^o was as jus-nri-blo as it was p«Mb!t» to !-e. a.* the Isnd was near a:i industrial centre. In additi j:i to that it was Icxpretotl that the iiar'--»a scberne would foe j carried ou: ar.d wmild supply the po--p!e witii j water. 11 -i pv-inted oiit that although v.c j land had b»-«n cropped for «--nie yoar.*. and its j urti!ity to some -»\t-?ut had bsen «*xuat!»ted, it had 'oeen lyin^: i.Ufr for some years, aa : it hr. 1 boen resnperu'-d by the nat :ra! prr--.-M.-: but h»» u-m afraid. o»'i:i:,' to the still nature nt th-» land, it did not turn out so .-aitahlv as it mis' it have been for working ai-.-n's l:!-jck«. Tfiert» was an impr.'.««ion that the - ?overnrocnt had imposed high charges in addition to the p'ir chase-monoy. and the return would satisfy tbe people that tho Government bad been as lineral «-« th?y should 'nave be^n. He was C'ommi« sionor at the time she land wa» purel:a»etl. and thought it r.pre.«-arv toma::etha: cxplana:inn. Th«TRKASl'REK iHon. F. W. H -!d.T) said he *»« much interested in th-? snoecii of the nor.. ui?mbt-r when he described the diiK cuitie* that had resulted from ths delay in purchasing th-j land. aa:l how people ha-l' not btjen able to get !y.id. and thes'rij::* didicuity the VTOVcrntncr.t then had in gc::iug tenant*. Ht- arini; him make those ren;ar!c.s be was sur priie-l that he did not see the wi«doui of supporting the Oovernniont tht? nthor dav when they ask«o for power to purchase land without injurious delars. Mr. PRICE moved to add to tho motion — 'a The- total mm paid for land rep'.tr cha«ed for working men's l-!o:-ks. 0. The rota! interest paid ou Mich purchase- money. 7. The total revenue received from the land* »o let or leasod. S. It anv Iosm or pro5t to the tax Dayers : if protit to w hat a.vount i; has been credited, and ii loss, how much.*' Mr. CASTINE said it was scarcely fair to tbe bon. member in his absence to ask tbe House to agree to tbe amendment, because if it was earned it would be some time before tbe return could bo prepared. (Tho Commis sioner of Crown Lands — 'We have all the information ready.') Then he was quite satisfied. Amendment carried. Motion as amended agreed to. ESTATES TAIL AMENDMENT BILL. Second reading. Mr. HO.MBIJRG said the Bill of which he was moving tho second reading was a very short one, and it involved only one question, which he would try to explain. Under the provisions of the Bill ho was seeking the right of a tenant for life in actual possession to bar the entail where there was no existing tenant in tail if he obtains tho assent of the person who was then entitled to the next estate of freehold. It was necessary that he should ox plain what w*3 ths law at the present time, and how thu proposod Biil would affect existing legislation. _ if a testator gave his land to bis son and his son's heirs, that would be an estate in foa-siinplu. If he gave it to his son and the heirs to be bogotten by him, then it was an entailad estate subject to the limitation, also as to whether it was to tho male issue or female An estate tail was therefore one in which the testator aided the wor is 'heirs to be be gotten,' and thereupon the estate was bound up for succeedine generations until one of the suce?*sor3 should fail to have an heir who woutd answer th« description m the will. It was a v«ry ancient law. It existed almost as early as English land ownership, and the inconveniences of it were feit assoearly astajfo that lor a Ion; timo bjfore the provisions of theStatnto of Westminster, which was passed in tho b»^:nnin; of ? tho fourteenth century, the Cjurts duviseu a schetno by which entailed o-tatea could be converted into an estate in fco siaiplc. Bat by tha Statute of Westminster, ps=wcd nearly 50 J yeaw ago. and which was procured by the English nobilty, le^al sanction was criven for tho creation of q?t&tes; in tiil, and so tho law remained for nearly 'J00 yea«, whon tho Eu^lish Courts a^ain found a mode to liar an estata tail. They initiated the proceeding of fines and recoveries, which was a sort of bozns action by which tha person who was entitled to the entail was deprived of it by somo le;.*l fiction. This proceeding prevailed until 1S3:-, when the Legislature interposed, and tho Imperial Act of Parliament Noa. Sand 4\. Williim IV.. chapter 74— therefore a com paratively modern Statute — was passed, by which tho fines and recoveries were abolished and tho tenant in tail was ]-crmit;e-l to bar thu entail ou proper deed executed and file J in the superior Court-* of Record. What he proposed to accomplish by the Bill was really an extension oi the iu.w by providing that where now tho tenant in tall could bar an estat', the same power could be exorcised by the actual tenant for life if he had no issue anil obtained tbe assent of tha pcraon next entitled to an estate of troohold. H«i did not chink it needed any ap--l- -^y f.ir introducing the Dill, hscatuo not o:ily ha-l there bien froai zhv.1? imincaioral an viiors to prevent tho tying-' p of estates fro.n one generation to another, but ho thought all ayre?d in a doslre on the part of the p-.*}i-!o of South Australia to discourage them tying up estate* from oar ~onur.ition w another.' asi:l r;i al'ow -us utsiost irt--'d'»:ji in tho dealing with landed pr-porty. H-i had t:i3 acquaintatiN of members in :he Hoiu-i '.vuo had found tht» injari-.ms cs'.i&squeimss; of having given to the u only an csta:o ior life with su estate in fee to the eldest ton. K- liitcs whicii would havo hacn capable oi considerable im provemc-at had lw«:i n^slected owimr to the provisions c;' tho t-:-:;itor anil tho m.i:iaor in whicii the estate tial b-jen tt-jd up. (Mr. Copley — ' Wiiy is that?'*) For tu-s simple reason that t;io tenant lor life w'.ioio tunauc-y rni^ht bj ter:ainat-vl i-y a?--:daitt at auy time would dvprivo hiius-li and tliobt; r*;io !;aJ ?-??-.iim upon him to an equal distribution of tho money whicii ho spent upjn the improvo:»ont of the fre-jli'»:d, ana ic shaving: hocomo annexed to tho soil it would co to the n-xt psrson entitled after tho death of the temnt for life. Quito apart from tho und^sirabk-ncss of tying up estates from cencration to generation hon. members worfKi rosallect that he had continually expre«jd tho opinion th.i: compulsory division of tl-o testator's lan«i«'l property auvm^sj; a'.i his children as n-.-ariy as possiblo s'n.ir.' and share aliko was a Scheme that ottsht to h-ivo been adopted to ensure th-j oquitabie distritni tion of real property. Ia view of hL- cs peeked opinion iio:i. meruoc-rs woclt! not bo surprised in finding him introduuiu^ this liill. The only question to which iiu purposed ca'.itng the attuirion of hon. member* w:ts that contained in section 2. which read: — ' Every actual t.?nant for life in possession of any laii-.ls cutaik-d by any t-.cttlo:rv;n: shall, witliont tho ooiw.-nt o: the iirotuctor tlwreoi, have full pow-T. w!u-m there is no cxi-tirr- tenaul in tail, by and with ths consent of the Derson wli'j wnn'M ?)?! entiii-d to a:i estate tor lite or aay sr..-:»ter t-'vato in ti:«» entailed lands noxt in order of nuceeiniou to the actual tenant life ill possession, to Ji^pcce of, ior an estate for in fea-simpk-, absolute, or for :-.uy if»a estate, the lands ontailrd a- azainst all persons claiming tho lands entailod by force '»f any e-ttato tail created by any settlement.'' Tho provisions of section 'J wore s*uU-:.inttally these— Where a testator left a property to his son or to any other relation for life, with a provision that on the death of such son or ralativo — the tenant for life— the c*tate wax to be on tailed for thu benefit of future generation1-, then such tenant for iiio wcv.W have tho ri,-ht f- bar tho i-nc.iil, firstly if ho had no issuo, and secondly if he obfc-.ini.-j tho assent of the person wiio was next entitled to a freehold in tho land. Tbu* barring of cntr.il was a well-known procedure, and had Ixwn ia forco for many hundreds of vsiw, and iu the present caso ho was endeavour ing to extend the power barring tho entail to _ tho tenant for life. He was sanguine hon. members would not look upon it as an innovation of creat momonc, but as something that would prevent tbo tyin; up of estates for ctsnerations, aud pre vent their being dealt wish. Tho present law was that the first tenant in tail could bar tho property right off. (ilr. Coploy— ' How long doss tho estate last?') As long as there was issue. (Mr. Coploy — 'I understood it was limited to throo lives.') No. He was of opinion that although the alteration might bo by some considered material, it would recom mend itsslf to hon. zncmbars. The PREMIER (Rr;ht Hon. C. C. King ston) said tho subject was an uninteresting one. In somo points, howuver, there was a good deal of importance. Ho intended to avoid technicalities as much as ho could, and put the Government view before members. At present it was permitted for a man to dispose of his property in a variety of ways. For instance, ho cuu!d 'givo it to one man for life and afterwards to the children of that man in f«e-simp!c. Fec-siriplu meant that thoy could do what they liked with it. Hon. members would probably consider that it would bo a very hard thing if after a man made dispositions of that sort the State was to fttep in and say, 'Oh. very true; you intended tbe children of this other party thould have it after death, but we say that the party to whom it was given for life shall have the oppor tunity of disposing of it just as he pleases and cat off the children without a Cd. of interest.' There were many inttancos of estates being eiven in tbat way — tba enjoyment of the property during and afterwards for it to be disposed of in some other way. Ho was sure hon. mem bers wonld nts listen to a general proposal that tho tenant for life under tho existing settlement should convert his estate for life into absolute foc.simplo and givo it to some body in no way in toad id for the bvinrv of tho settlor. Although tho pr.sont Bill did no: go as far as that it went perilously n-ar it. It provided for a case such a3 tho following. -V ma:: :nid J a soitlement in favour of June*, cay for iif». an4 afterwards for his children, not iu fti-.Mmp!u- b-.it ia fee-tail. En£til mvanc that it w-nt ti tho h»ir-« of tho b -;\y oi the person to whom tho gift w.vi made. If he gave a «-i-ction ot land to Jonus and the he;i* oi i:is b-d-- it went in lineal descent a^ordiujtly. If thsro were no heirs of th:- liiJy th«--n they had to lo-k for I somob^dy c»e. Jones could sell, ar- cordinp to I the law whicii ths m-miber for -?umoraclia i r--ferri»:l to without tlie consent of the first \ tenant en;.ailt*d. The cwiition of affairs, which w.i« met b' tUo IV:il. was a* follow*: — A -»?tion was given to -Ion-.-* for life, nnd after it wa- ifivon to tho children of .Tonen in fo»tail rather rhan in f-.-f-simple. Now it ! ivx' pron-jst'! tha; x\i\'. revwar -Uou!.* be^ivon \ to .It'iie* to turn lii* eit-ite lor lifo into fee j »rnr.!c and «l-- what ho pba-eJ with the 'pro- I perty. sj wiat t'ui* oh ii. Iron sho'tH not get i I s:x;ii»nr^ of b»n*tit. .?;?=_??* and Smith couid j !ay thoir li-?vU to «th'r a:i ! deprivo tii« | family -if t!i ir interest in t!w pr^pi-rty in j t-«ndt~! to c- to th-.'tn a:t»r tii*.- d^ath of Jon«'. Wi« tho Home pr^parv:! to -!o thuV i.Mr. T'rice— ' Y-:*.' Other ni-»niber«.— 'No.') lit | was not a v«ry preat Hiever in the control o! j th-* d.*atl hand, ! :t at the same time when a i man -ett!oil pro'*r:y jn e««rtain ways under r.n I '-?:i*:ins :a»v which lie heiiev-.tl v.-ouM rc--ntn;l ! hi.- intentions h-' did no: think th«»v »hju!d i lishtly adopt lecialaticn which wni:!d haw the Ietfwt o: '-r::n? th ?-» int«*nriin-- ar noucht. «Mr. Archibald— 'Wh.-.t atiout wir«n a niaii J Iiuvm money for the burning of b^reties?'; ? T!ier* w^re no heretics now. *:- they n«.-ed noi trtmlile a'.'OUt that. Tho GovvrcuK- nt w-ere j prepare: to do t'.ii-«: as regarded sot^eivicn'.' j made art;r tho n.5*.sir.c cf thi.« Ai-t. and ::i which i\» dvi'!arati«-n we? m.i:lo acainst :hv application of a pr-r-i-toa of thi- sort, well and good, let the section apply ; it was at th-: option of the settlo- if h'.- cho-o to negative it : if lie di i no: let the liill apply. lit- would stigeejt this form *' provide that thi? section shall only apply to e«tatos uil hereafter created and in respect of which the instru ment of the creation s'lall-uot contain auy j expression negativing the application of I this Act.' As r«\rardod exiatinc settle I rr.cnts, where the testator or '.-ettlor was ! dead and baritd. or where the matter was out j of hi* cjnf rol by the terms of hi* settlement, | where he had provided that there should be a certain distribution of the bounty , and that in that distribution the only interest held by tho grantee should be a life interest, and that afterwards the children should be benefited, he did not think they would be justified in setting at nought the wishes of the testator, and empowering tho tenant for life to profit at the expense of those who were equally entitled to be the objects of the bounty. Whilo he would not resist the second reading of the Bill, it would be their doty to propose, in Committee an amendment of the character be had indicated, and which he believed would recommend itself to the good senses of tho House. Mr. COPLEY caid his natural tendency would be to support a Bill introduced by Mr. Homburg, but that member's political cbarac tei was a somewhat composite one, for though as a rule he went on what he considered safe lines in legislation, there was a kind of thread of radicalism running through bis opinions sometimes, which made him (Mr. Copley) watch perhaps with greater care than he otherwise would his proposals with regard to the disposal of property and tho control of the dead hand. Ho bad an actual case now in his mind, where a property was left to a young man -who was now single— for life ; if he had a son, the property passed to that son in feo- timplo ; if he had no son, there was another contingency provided for. under which the property went to the relatives of the said young man. (Mr. Homburg -' That caso won't be aifected.') He thought if th9 Bill did apply to that case that youn£ man by the consent of tbo«o contingent heirs might break off that entail, and dispose of the property as he thought fit during bis life. He did not think that would be a fair thing to do. There ought to be more rejrard than that paid to the wishes of the testator, who might have in his mind a know ledge of the character of tha individual that in bis opinion might make it unsafe to lowe the property to him in fee-simple, and yet wish to leave him an interest in the property during his life. The caso put by the Premier had a good deal to recommend it; he did not suppose the mover wanted to make tho Bill retrospective. (Mr. Hombnrj; — ' Cersainly.'] He _ had heard that entail could only last during threo lives in this colony, but w»3 now told that that was not so, and* that the ontail might go on indefinitely the same, as in the old country. He did cot think it advisable that the power of the dead hapd should exist to sm!i an extent as that, but it seemed a f&ir; thin;; that the testator should have the power to ;io up tho property past the life of the first heir for tho reasons ho had jusC mentioned. But intricacies of that kind could bo better dealt with in Committee. He would support tho second re.vHnjr, and ho cuided by the explanations of these points in Committee as to his ultimate vote. Mr. AllCHIBALD was rather surprised at the Premier's objection to this rather small Bill. Ic was surprising that there should be auy difference of opinion in a colonial Parlia ment as to puttiuc drv.vn in no uncertain manner any encroachment of primoxcnital entail ia new countries. It certainly was common in the old country, but it was ro the honour of tho Enplihh .Judge* that for genera tion afusr generation thoy had systematically trio-i to interpret the l.v.v a3 much as th-:-- possibly could against that principle, lie would conliallv support Mr. Homhurii's very useful Dili. Jits oDtnion was that the loss the dead ha:id had t--- do with jroverninj: Australia tho better. The evil of the entail system and life tenancy w.m that the life tenant would not make imprcvecaouia on the estate simply for tho bonc.lt of those who followed him. If he hold tba laud in fee simple ho would be prepared to mako a considerable nurabcr of improvements. It was only a matter of interpreting the law, and they strained tho law a.- much as thoy could m the imer'st* of tiiat recognised principle. Parliament should respect to a certain extent tbe tt-atatorV withe*, but tho community had certain interests to bo con sidcr--.i. too. So far as h-j could under»tand the PremicrV. amendment was to give the right of contract-ing out. That appeared to be shadowy legislation. ?ivia? cue with the right haud what they took with the lott. IS that were to !-; the line of actiou pursued by tho Government it would bo almost better tu shch-o the matter for a fow years. He did not think the Australian people really knew what this law of retail was, because the Australian people would cercainly no; imitate the worm features ot tho aristocratic legislation in the old country. Wo did not want to create landed interests hore. There were pretty substauthsl cs.-ttos in Australia to-day, but wo did uoi ?.rant to create an aristocracy. Ho supposed those gentlemen thought they would do ho. They would have tbu Duko of Sturt, Lord this, and Lord that. (Mr. Solomon— 'Or th« Martiuisot Mudholia.') Would their follow tCTincrs defend in an Australian Parliament the law of entail? If that were not beyond a joke !io did no: kuow what it wa-. The hon. rnem'jer to whom ho was n-ferrinj v.-as rapirly advancing in Conservative growth. II-.: should think ho outfit now to get tun gold ni'.dal of tho Adelaide Club as a full- biowc CoD»?rva!iv9. Mr. CALDWELLhad intended to adjourn tho debate, but ho would not do so hitci having received tho assurance of Mr. Husi' burg that he \yould not proceed furthvi thau tho initial stu.ro of taking the Dill to Coiiui.irtes that day. That would give Sir John Downer, who w.v unavoicUbly absent, tuc opporuunity to speak on the Bill. Hu thought tho compromise which the Government intonded to seek tc secure was fair and reasonable. He did no) think manr mistakes hart boon made as far a« o'.ir history had gone. Thcro might be ono oi two ca-c;;. but tho operation of natural causes would sT-:i snt thorn right. He appreciated the attitude indicatod by the Premier in con nection with tho Bill. Mr. PRICE supported tho Bill, as ho con sidered a great injustko existed at present, lie knew the c.v-C! of r.vo persons wh-~- had an interest in a particular piece of land in the centro of a populous district, with all the incroment acijuiVcd by population added to it, Thoso two persons, ladies were destitute to day, and yet if 'they could cuiy disi«-so of the land tlwy wotild defi\\#e great *a.-.sistarico from it. TI2039 ladies wero trying to ^vt u b.\ro »xvstonce, and it was all owing to the law of entail. (Mr. Copley— 'C-.i they nol gat any income from thu laud V) They couid not Ice it or make any use- of it. If it were lot for building purposes the land wuu'd yield : handsome incomo. If the Bill would rclicvt such a c.rs-j as that ho would 1* only toe happy to support it. No one hx«l uiado out .1 better caso for some relief thac N&thauic;! Hawthorne. On tho motion of Mr. PEAK E the debatv was adjourned until November IT. REMISSION Of CUSTOMS DUTIES. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. Hontm.vN-— That the House resolve itself intc a Coiui&Ktce; of the whole for thu purpovi o: considcriui; _ the following resolutions :- 1\. That it is d^sirablo t!iO duti'.t* on tea, coffee, cocoa, and kvrmino should bo ab-j lished. 2. Tbat any deficiei:cv in the rercmu ba mado up by increasing the tax ou laud values. (July 7,-1.) Mr. HAGUE in re.suminsr the dcb.ito fel( that tho motion would not b« carried, there fon- it might be said that tht-y were wa--tinf time if thoy disi:u£-e-1 it, but it would no: i* courtooui to tho mover to treat the motion ir that way. To refute error and to c--ta--li-l truth was roc a tva^tc of ti:ue. and ficvu hi: point of view Mr. Ho:iri^*u's air'uuients wvn fallacious and mi.-ieiidinj;. Ti.o hon. u:embei wisho«l ta removi) ttio^i? dutic* nccr.u^i t!:-: poorer classes were-, he thought heavily taxed and, as he sa:d. ;-aid uoarty i:ie wuolo ex p*iu-u3 of government. His ob;o; t was ;. sliotv that such a general atutemi*;it »u in correct. That some poor men paid heavy taxes he admitted, but they need not, for by amending their habits they could re lieve themselves and benefit their families also To illustrate that he would refer to our taxa tion. We raised in 1S1I5 from taxation pror.t;: £*.»0.211 13. 10d.. and the souitm wvra\\- follow:.:— L.au-'I and inv- ?uit-, £'1'i7..'*4'.-: :pr-» bat-- and succession duties, fc:;i,y;;'-: Htanif duties, £~2S.1j«; !ict»n?o». lf.vs thoso foi ?hawkers. £M.3fiO: in all, £*2-l«.S21; and tor I tainly very tittle of that c.tme from th' I poorer c!r.s-e*. l-edu':t that aui xint from th« ; revenue and thoy wonid have l-»:t i.'VV'.-il7 ! Of that Customs aad Cvcis:- returned £j5s.1-H j leaving only £5,^70 to coino f rotti rttV.ei iSO'.irces. It wa^ t!»e amount fr-vn (Ji;«t'-m- I an'} Kxci.-'e with which Mr. Hi-::r:^an was dii satisfied, nnd x.id 't'i»t tho C-iiti-a-h-'U-io I jaiwit playe«l our.' Tho iio:i. a-.-iub.-r -.voulc 1 find h^noelf raist.iU'-u T.:r.: v/a? tho ouh prastieabl^ vr*y in \vl:iv!i wj couM roach ': verr largu number of i-et»p!«.-, u-h-i oth-.*r-.vi-:i would esca^- taxation, while all cliouid |-a; thvir sitaro towards the cjst of g't'.vrnriu-n: I Hi.s (Mr. H.»^u«»'»l conteniiun was that a- j regarded these duties a-- uvll a-- in th- j ra.-o of tho t.\xo3 ho V.a-1 mentioned, tin j |---^ror c'hm-.-s -.vt-re no: unjustly treated, I Tho spooia! -j'ta!i:y of Ca-toai- ilutieK was ? that a man n:ight rvpulato !ii- payment o! i tiiesi arccrding to hi- i:icoii!C, th---ush in tht ? articles selected for re:ni?-i-..n by thu niovoi I thori* was perhaps h^s variation in roasump ? tirtn than in many other 2tn-*s. Mr. Uouricar ? save tiift averajs ron^'.impt'on ol these article! ? at .'?:?. Cd. |-er head. All his figure* were takvr ' from t!j»i 1?;'5 returr.f. and for that year hi ! fo'.iiH thecnsft'imption «rw 3.«. 3yi. per head; : b-.:s they mi:.»t reasember that or.«» of the ! arti-*le.« ?kero*in»»1. the sveond in aoiouut, j w:is largely UB'-d for ottsor i.urpo^o? that ! family use. Churvhc-*. pubiio building.*, ' store*, h lteK r.r.d itreets were lit by it. aiwi 'it was ujod tj drive engines, so that ths ' family us-e'.'f these ar::cl-M could be put dowr at .'-??. p t-t head. On t ho whoie we had a very fair tari? in .'south Australia. It was. protec tive, hut net unreasonably to. and when i( wa» framcl to produce revenue the heaviest duties \v^r-- placed on luxuries and oniy moild rr.re duties on the neot««arics of life. 'and in so:n-j i-ases, as ho would show, no duty wai charged ou goods in t.-xten»ive use. Spirits, wine, champagne, beer, tobacco, and cigara wore all certainly luxunVs. and oat of our Cmtoms rrviaue t'it;i.7.ri:- was from these article*. Tiiat was 0s. 3d. per head ajaiiiat (Ss. for the neceiaanes proposed to bo dealt with. But the per ? bead business, though a favourite method with those who discussed Customs duties, was a very falla cious one, and his illustration showed that clearly. Families did consume tea, &c;, but when they came to articles like tobacco and whisky the wives and children played a very small part in consumption. On tea the duty paid was £34,111; on whisky, £40.503; or. ia other words, the men paid on their whiaky about £6,400 more for duty than all tbe men, women, and children paid on that head. Tako tobacco and cigars. The men paid £411,04!) as duty, while on tea, coffee, aud cocoa only £41,007 was paid, or less by ££,042 than on tobaceo. The total of the duties on alcoholic drinks and narcotics amounted to £162,733, while on tea, coffee, cocoa, and koro sine it was only £57,931, leaving an excess ou these luxuriesof duties paid of £104,S22. He had said the per-head calculation was misleading. He had frequently beard it put thus. Tho Customs duties were so much, our popula tion was so many, and tbat was so many pounds and* shillings por head ot our people, and the question was then asked was it not unjust for a poor man with a laniily to be mado to pay this? Yes; it would be if he was. but tho simple fact was that he was not. A man paid Customs duties in propor tion to his expenditure, and that, if he paid his way, was in keeping with his incomo. The man with £10 per week bought many more dutiable goods than the man with £2, and not only as regards tho luxuries be bad meutioncd, but as regards all luxuries tbe consumer had to pay proportionately. The fact was that a inaa who neither smoked tobacco nor drauk alcoholic liquoro, or who was very moderate in his use of such things, if ho had a careful, capable wife need pay comparatively little towards the revenue. The consumption even of the free break fast-tablo articles varied very greatly in families. Then another advantage in our tariff was that all linens and cotton-piece goods came in free, and tho amount in 1S05 was £*J3V204, and of other free drapery (roods i.i-l,403, making a total of treo drapery of fi-JD-J.C'Jy. Flannelette, an articlo most extensively used by men, women, and children of all classes, was in the free-list. Thus a capable houso wifo might do much towards clothing herself and family without paying a farthing towards the revenue. When complaints wero mado about tho burdensome naturo of Customs dutios tbe return which tbe State mado to the people was forgotten, as, for instance, the net cost of free education was £130,312; hospitals, £20,4'.K): lunatic asylums. £.'1,111; destitute poor. £C3,tWO ; or a total of £1U3,9O3. Truly borne peoplo wanted everything, and refused to give auy thing iu return. A& to tho traders' profit which was added to tbo duty Daid, the mover was about as extravagant in his estimate as most of those who argued from hi- point of view usually were. Had he evor asked himself what was the function that the trader performed in connection with Customs dutios? Did be not provide the cash to pay tho State the duties it demanded, and tbat before he could got the goods, and also took all the risk of collecting the duties thus paid? Thero was no portion of the revenue obtained by the Government so easily and securely as this. _ Then as to the proposal as to how the deficiency caused by the remission of duties was to bo made up. Tho mover would p':ice it on the land, and in doiug this th« burden would be taken from the backs of many well able to bear it. and placed on tbe backs of others who werecarry ing a burden tar too heavy for their financial strength. Tho fallacy of the mover here was in assuming tiiat because a man was a small landowner ho was, therefore, a poor man. bo that because ho was nomiually a large landowner the'-ofs-re he was a riuh ono. lie tjuostioned it there was any country i:i tho world excep: Franco in which llier? wore as many landowncnt in proportion to the ?wopleasinSouth Austraiin. Nearly half the adult male population were land-taxpayers. M=.uy oi tUcni simply owned thu laud 011 which their dwehiu^s were erected. Tbo thirteen to fourteen thousand who owned Innd from the value of l'l to £50 wero many of them in this cl&s;*. i-o were tho fi.OOO who owned land from a value of £50 to fcl'K). There wutv. in fact, some with larger holdings who would benefit by the proposed change, buc why should they V Many of them owning their own. and probably other houses also, could well afford to pay thcsmall duties iu question, and what thoy saved somo ono else must pay. Atnougst those under £2*.H) there would bo very tew agriculturists. It was n very small farm only worth £2U0, and while some portion of the increased tax wouK! be paid by tho owners of city properties, as two third* of the land tax was paid by peoplo out sido municipalities tho burden would mostly fall on tbe heavily burdened country land owners. He should advise tho tnovor and those who thought with him to look into the quostion a littlo more closely and try to take a wider view than they lia-1 hitherto done. Mr. CAKPENTKtL said the?ueeeh they hvj listeni-d to appeared to be a fair bumpL* of the efforts some men lUfcdo to rcfuto error* and ascertain truth. 11^ did not wish to be unfaii to Mr. Hayu*. lie had :ho rcpuiaUott-w bcin^ a fair man. but sin'.-e he had been in tho House ho had modiliod his opinion u3 to his =.! solute fairness, anii it sevmed to him that he had brought into t'.io question not an unbiased mind, but lad con- to it with his mental vision very uiuch obscun-d. and with thedctermination not to know wh:tt the real facts of the pro posal wero. He had given them an amazing lot of figure.*, and brought into tho question a lot of extraneous matter. (Mr. Hague— ' It is all bearing upon the subject.' Tho hon. mombor had almost entirely missed the point the point which Mr. Hourigan asked the House to considor. They all agreed that there should bo sumo considerable taxation upon luxuries. Thcro wcro many things besides land values which should be taxed severely. When Mr. Hague spoke of the effect of the tax upon the poorer classes hu was near tho point, and that was where his argument was the weakest. It was probable that the man who*e income van £10 per week would pay more through tho Customs than tho man who got £2 per week, but the auiount paid by the imall wage man was altogether prvatc-r in pro)H-rtion to his income. He did uot believe that Mr. Hague really meant what ho said when ho remarked that thcro were certain cia-wes in the colony who wanted to got everything out of the colony without paying tl'oir fair share of taxation. Mr. parling was equally biamaMo when ho inter jected that they v.-ould if they had their own way. They had had more honest administra tion since- the working icfti bad been in Par liament thau when the political power was in the hands of tiio small clas.». There were a iartju num':-;r of small landholders whose biirdt-ns were too heavy to liear, and Mr. Ilcuricran v.'.-i.s sincere, in his belief tbat the mode oi taxation which he recommended ro tiie Hou5c would relieve tho burdens to which Mr. Ha;;;e n-fcrrcd. -He had a great deal of sympathy with tho motion, which involved two questions— the tnkinjroff of taxation in one direction and imposing it in another. Although he was strongly iu favour of dirett taxation, there was a larca majority of tho people of the colony in favour of the iudirc-i-t payment cf taxes. The feeling towards dir'-ct taxation was growing, and thu was an .ip-x-rtun« time- for (.'ranting relief to th« poorer clashes t'rotu taxation. They had , had a sever* drought which had entailed a I lanrcamo'iBt -»f stiffi-riiii.' among tlio small land I owni-r.-. nnd tho w.-v/e earners. They had. ap I [?sr-mh . soim?thi:i^ similar before them, and I if it was possible to irraut relief they should I (I-; *'-, and the ir.-r-:i'»n indicated one ol | tho :-.;s: nos- ihie in--:h--'rf. Tinco who studied ! tli-j lairl valii'S -i!ie-tion. and looked at it j from a th'r-r«.'ti^:il point of view, failed to per I r--iv« tV f'i'-creii-je tietwe--n thn principlo in pr.icM'-e a:id in theory. Tni-r s'.ould givo tht rmal! l.-tn.liioMor-' ttu- l«rn«'!it oi thf romoval ol :!:.? dutivs wit!r-ut ia.-rc.v-unr tho land tax. If thv hon. :u'--iii:--r coul'l make an exemption up ?o £2.-|W», he would tind many tax p:iy«-r* in til's country supporting biui. 1 Hi- iijid p'.t a re'.'-rt -;f the Committee of the L':iit--d Stares ll--u-o of Kepr-.-H.n!:itivo*, wlii;.-h was not f-v any innan.i a ra-ii.-:il i»t -Ja:ij:-.TOt:- l--ly. a::d he w.'j!i! ji^t like tln»he wli.i fro-i'iriitlv au'i cjns?«tontly oppi»«;d any ! t'.iins in tho -!irect:.i-:i ?-{ lan-.l valu-s 'kxaiion ! t.- listen t-'i -. fe-» ivonU ''r«.m ;liat report:— I ' We ha/t «.'.v»!iiirii-'.l. a« will appear from the : testlm-my. %?. i::i'-----i familiar with thU sub ' j-yt. inrl'ilin^ P'jirc- otitati-.esof largt; landed int'Tf- f. wh-K-ntuti i'«rward in Uvfenoi of tlt« I exi.-'tiv.;: sv--teni. To on«- of these. Mr. '? !'.rainacl II. Warrer. iV^-i-i-nt of the j W.a*!i:ti7ton l.'«n and Tr-tst Company, I h:m5-:-l: a lar^'j laa-Jownrr. as-.-J by cotnmoti I c-nv»:it a most tittins spokesman foi j the owners «-:* \aluab!e 'arid iu the dis ' triet. ?« «-xtenci-*d :in i:ivitr.tit-n to act ? n* --.-unsc! fur that Miif* --f th»t ??.i-h-. Mr. I Warnf r aoc/pU'ii. .uvl at his r«|uest a miiahei ol witwi'ti'feM won- tfx.\ni!n«:d. T!io te^tiinony |..f iheso \v|rno-*r.-. iu-I-jt-d even :!ir.t --i Mr. Warner liias -oil. shov/ed c-t»ricl:i.»:vc-!y t!m [ defects in the |-r-.— ont ar«c*:-!ui.-nt and tlto ! inequality aui di«cnmir.a::u:; duo '.?- tho system. As reprexenti:is tin: view.i of lars* ani inriti'.'iitial nro;«-r:v-ho!dcr:-. we -Je^ir.- to call spocia! attention to iho Ct-:iiL- iu:iicaticn and draft ?:?'. C:il pri-v.-nt«vl t--us bv Mr. L. S. Phillips a:id emlorstd by Mr. lirainar/2 U. Warner. Tlr.- first and paramount *-on--i'l»- ra- tion in t-.\atioii should tiei!f|ua!:ty of ??uu'.'.-n. which is imr».i?Mb!'J «ni«-r a system that really STiounts to r. ??thins more than an extensive system of gaefMii? — a sr^tt-m that in its natnru inevitably follow tLe aian of lari:'* nieiLf at t*r-- expert of thj m.'ii ol snail moan*, the large property to the detriment, of the small property. In view of rh«^e defects representative distri-Jt prop-;rtv-owners recom mend that tho as- tta-*in-*nt .-hail \\*- levied only on the annual rental ;-aiu-.- of each aud evtry parcel of !s.:id. Thoy point out that th:* would substitute for 'a system of extensive gucwin; a method of actual determination— the sums actually paid for the r?nr of Jr.11 j or of land and buildinc*. affording a cer:a;u ba-is by which tho asscssintr oflicors can c?otenr.ine rot only the annual rental valno of land that is actually rented by ono ixroon to another. but also tbe annual rental capacity oi' land that is in u:--o by the oirner. or tbat is held by it* owner without us?, or devoted by him to an inferior us' than that to which land of similar situation is in other- cases being put. The central idea of these large property owners seems to bo the eminently just one that each citizen should be called on to pay toward the expenses of the government of the district in proportion to the pecuniary benefits which tbo growth and improvement of the district and tho maintenance of public order, safety, and convenience enable biin to receive in additional income, or rather make it possible for him to receive if bo chooses to do so. Your Committee coneeiyo this to be a correct prin ciple.*' Tho whole report showed that the Committee appointed was strongly in favour of the taxation of land values as against tho existing property tax. Public feeling in favour of some change in the system of taxation was growing in every country. As th«\v ha-J poue as far as any other community the question arose whether the time had not arrived for further extension, and so lesteu the burdens on ths overburdened taxpayers. Mr. WOOD .supported the motion because it was a very fair and reasonable motion, lie agreed with it all. hecauso it would bo a relief to tho working classes in general, and alto to a large number of those on the land, aud whoso representatives were continually complain ing how bard their lot was. t Ho maintained that the representatives of tho farmers were not working in the interest of the small farmers whose land values did not exceed £500 by opposing the motion. The greatest bulk of thu taxation would be paid by the cities and not by the farmers. He was uot afraid of tho condemnation of the large land holders in doing bis duty. The people in the country were large consumers of tea, coffee, sugar, and tho other articles which wtto men tioned. (Mr. Mortlock — 'Sugar is not hera.'') Well it ought to bo. An extra halfpenny oa tbo land tax would not be so burdensome '-o tho farmers as theso Customs duties. Although ho voted for an increase in the land tax over £5,000 value, he would uot vote for tbat if it came before the House again, for ho believed in taxing a man on tho unimproved value of his land. Ho believed the timo was not far distant wkon thero would have to be direct taxation, especially after federation. Tho oppouents of this motion would ono day regret their action, for they were actually Rtandiu,' in tbe way of the interests of the small farmers. This was an opportunity for some of thoso opponents — who were free traders— to make a step towards free trade. Whether he himself was a freetrader or not, his desiro was to lighten tho burden of taxation upon the people. He would take tbe duty off boots— for tho benefit of that went into tho pockets of tho employers, nnd not of the employes — if tho duties were also taken otf bay, chaff, &c; To take tho duties off the articles mentioned in the motion would benefit everybody. Those who owned large areas of land ought to pav a little more for the greater benefits they received. The increased taxation would not come 0:1 the farmers; tho large landholders would have to pay a littlo more, but they should consider the good of the community and bo proparod to do something more towards tho upholding of the State than they had done. The late Hon. G. C. llawkor. though a large landholder, advocated— greatly to his credit— an increased land tax, and for doins so was attacked by a section of the Press. He ur^od the Government to support this proposal, which would bo popular before tho next election. (Mr. Catt— 'Oh. no.') That hon. member and others said that because they did not want to take the barnacle* off the eyes of the fanrers. Mr. GILBERT moved— 'That tbo House do now divide.' Negatived. !. Mr. McDONALD informed Mr. Wood that tho farmers were not such a simple class as ho supposed. This was the tenth or oloventh time that this motion, had -been before the House. The late Mr. Ash advocated it for five or six years, until his constituents asked biui not to bring it forward aay more, becauso thoy were entirely against it (Tbo Premier— ' 1 think you are mistaken in that ; I think be was forestalled in it.' Mr. Pcake— 'The lato member for Albert always held to it, but Mr. Hourigan jumped bis claim.') If that was so ' ho would withdraw his statement. For some time Parliament had been doing its best to get the people on tbe land. Last year an Act granting seed-wheat was passcd,*and private subscriptions were raised fer the benefit of the farmers. Mr. Hourigan's motion would have tbe effect of driving j-eoplo off tho land, becauso it would double the land tax. Surely those on tho land wero the very people who should ba relieved of taxation instead of bavin; to bear extra burdens. Tho*e who niado large profits in commercial transactions were left alone, while the men wbo worked the land and did their level best to get a living off it were to be taxed. Men wbo received their £1,000 a year or £10 or £5 a week were to bo given free' tea, coffee, and cocoa. Were they not better able to pay a fair tax? ('Who says they are to arc to have frco tea?') The motion distiuctly said so, and the deficiency in tho Customs revenue thereby was to bo made up by an extra 1 Vlfl tr*Ji . W*hY had not sui^ar been included iu tbe motion. The sugar returns amounted' to something liko 2s. 7£d- por head. (Mr. Hourigan — ' I have sugar, and I will support you.*') He was against the wuolo thing. It was contended that tho farmers would benefit. Take the case of an average family. A man and wife and four children paid ('id. a week on the articles mentioned. Add 10 per cent, a fair retail charge, and that would bo 7 Ad., or £1 10s. 4d. per year. (Mr. KoberU— ' How much tea do you allow that family?') A pound of tea, half a pound of coffee and cocoa, and a gallon of kerosine— a very liberal allow ance. (Hon. A. Catt— 'Very liberal.') What would the producer pay on jd. in tho pound extra taxation? Tako a farmer with threo oighty-acre sections, or a total area of 240 acres at £5 per acre, which would amount to £1,200. With a id. in tbo pound bo would pay £2 10.*. Credit him with the £1 10s. 4d., and bo would bavo to pay 19s. Sd. more than now. Tako the farmer with four eighty- acre sections— 320 acres which at £3 10s. per aero would como *to £2,720. That, at Ad. in the pound, would amount to £3 12a. 4d. Tako off the £1 10s. 4d., and that fanner paid £4 2s: 7d. more taxation. How, then, could tho motion possibly help the farmer. Tho pro posal was, moustrously unjust. Ho felt sure that the country would never tolerate it. If tho hon. member were in the Houm for the next ten years, and brought forward such a motion be hoped be would nave the pleasure of seeing it defeated every y*ar. Mr. CASTLNE moved the adjournment of thedttbato. Tbe motion was declared negatived. Mr. CASTINE called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 10. — Messrs. Caldwell, Copley, Darling. Duncan, Gilbert. Giles, Hague, Handyside, McDonald, Moody, Morris, Mortlock, O'Malloy, Kandell, Shannon, and Ca* tine (teller). Noes, 28.— Messrs. Archibald, Batcbolor, Blacker, Brookcr, Bargoyne, Butlor, Car penter, Catt, Cock. Cockburn, Coneybeer, Foster, Goode, ' Holder, Hooper, Jenkins, Kinptton, Laodseer, MacGUlivray, O'Lough lin. Pcake. Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scberk, Solomon. Wood, and Hourigan (teller). Majaritv of 12 for tbe Noes. Mr. CASTINE moved— 'That the House do now divide.' Carried. - The motion was declared negatived. , Mr. UOU RIG AN called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ate-, 11. — Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Brooker. Carpenter. Coueyheer, MacGillivray, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Wood, and Hourigan (teller). Noes, 31. — Messrs. Blacker, Burgoync, Burler, Caldwell, Castine, Catt, Cock, Cock burn, and Coplev, Sir John Downer, and Messrs. Duncan, rooster. Gilbert, Giles, Goode, Hague. Handyaide, Homburg, Hooper. Jen I kins, Kingston, Laudseer, McDonald, Moody, Morrit, Mortlock, O'l^ougbiin, O'Malley, Pcake, Poynton, ftandell, Shannon, Solomon, and Holder (teller). Majority of 23 for the Noes. - Pair. — For motion — Mr. McPherson. Against — Mr. McLachlan. TESTAMENTARY DISPOSITIONS BILL. Second reading. Mr. O'MALLEY, in moving the second reading, said last year hu introduced the Dili in another form, based upon tbe laws of Scot j land, - tha law of k'gitim. Ho had en j deavoured to secure v» the wife one-third of tho interest of th«L f-.tate, but after various j struggles in tbe political arena lie dooidod it ! was i'uii-33*iblo for him to carry nU'.li a iaw. ! and acting ou tli-; .sug.:i:.itions lie ha-rl received 1 from members he had dw-cidoJ to briu;r in tho j measure in a iti-.K';i:ivii lurm. and he felt he , could ask ewry iiiw.i'/'r to voto fur it. lie \- aak^d :n'.-inbnr» to re.-vJ t:u Bill, aud ii possible to b-.ipport it. 11 ?? «;«,, fiure every husuu-.ul. fat'ii-r. :i.id brother in t!:o llou-c must ad:nit tiiat it was ueitbor )\\.i'. nor iicnvst to k-avc : it in th ? |- c.vrr of any man, uo matter how ? sai:i;ly h.' ir.:-^!it be. turou^h timo oapric'.vi* 1 1.Micy to lcavo his wife deititutL*. ll-t would I cit'j tl:e case of Mrs. Li-wistat ltutlicTj.'ltii. A [ few ye-r.- a;o a furtu-T uurnvd a 1:00 J, iutelli : sent v.o:iiiu. uud site ba'J worked burd tn I b-.iild up t!:o uot.tto, and whin ho died he it-It ; htr :j .--hil!:in: uut of iXt.O'J-i to £5.yf».». Ti:-.-Cii:ei i.tu^ticeof Victoria upheld that will, and thu I only charge a.^aititt h-.-r was that she could not I do a- much w jrk as tin- husband's ni-Jthcr. I It wa-- luwtr-ju*. Tho -ruaiaa was tuni'tl j out for tho rcjt of her l;u- to s:ru?ri:lo :;ii-l toil, j Jlo kns»v a tase in hi' -jv.-n di.-trict cf a lady j wt.o nine twenty-two or f.routy-thn-v years a~o uir.rried a f'.r.iior. Ho h;d si\ or seven children by his tirst ivifa, and every h-jdy iu the district ;aid shu btrug^led hard to bri:ij the children up liom.-.-tly aud mako them worthy of the country in which they wero born, out when tho' man died she wns Hi nothing. Tbo won.-in was sixty year* of act*, and M10 }:ad liot the slightest redress, acd how could nwh a woman, after twt- nty-two years of married Iiio. go into the world aud earn her own living? Last year be had quoted from tho law of t-cveral Ameri can State*, but he would conteot himself with quoting a leading article mini tho great beacon of democracy, the Sydney Bullttiiu j To all students of philosophical thought and ' deliberations he submitted that the BUI was of high moral character, involving principles of the most vital maznitude, such as tho health, comfort, and help of those who werj not about to help themselves, and our good name for ever in history. Covenants for tbe government of states ware organized by living society for specific purposes to guarantee to the humblest individual every legitimate right for the preservation of those rights inviolate, and to enable all to eujov complete freedom of action consistent with constitutional liljerty. If government was founded by the living for the- benetit of t'uo breathing and not 'the silently mouldering dead then he affirmed that the Bill was for tho humane and sole purpose of releasing . tho living widows from the cruel action of tho paisied haud of death. The primary object attainable' by this Bill was that it would transfer the duty of maintaining cast-olf widows from poor relatives *ud friends to tho estates justly belonging as much to them as their dead husbands. This supreme Bill would clothe the estate with the same respon sibilities for tho support of tho widows after death as tho law now guaranteed wives during tho lifetime of their husbands. Whon the husbands bad passed away and tho probatn duty paid the interest of the Govern ment ceased in the dead, but tbe wants of the widows must still be supplied, and no better source of supply could be discovered than the estates they 'themselves had helped to create. The placingof this Bill outheStatute book wouid divest dead husbands of living powers, and living widows of lifeless graveyard dictation. Then the widows would have as much right to live m tho husbands had to die. lie bad heard last yoar iu the House a lot of senti mentality about the partnership of husband and wife. He s)K-ke ad a married man ior throo years, and during the lifutimo of bin wife he regarded her as the best partner ho bad ever had and his safe guide in all his troubles because she was a woman who eould think, not of dresses, diamond*, and dinner*, but of everything; tbat interested him. Ho had boon told that tho aristocratic ladies wero against him. (Mr. Uandyside — 'Oh, nro they? I should not have thoueht it.*') He was glad tho hon. member had interjected. There were opinious and there were pre judices. An opinion wat fortnod after due deliberation, and one got it after sifting all tho evidence. A prejudice was gathered from one's environments, and thac was what they got from tbe aristocratic ladies. He had been through the mill and had seen all the surround ings. They simply heard three or four men or threo or four society ladies say something, and they did not enquire or reflect ; they had no opinions. Ho was prepared to Iio weighed down by millions of prejudices. He wantud the good judgment of tho women of Encounter Bay who could think. That was where they could get good opinions. There wcro zrand mothers sitting rocking the cradles and darn ing their husband's sucks who declared every day that their babies looked more and more liko their fathers. Tho Bill would materially assist in preventing destitution amongst somo widows without in tho slightest degreo increasing the pain or suffering of the departed permanently resting husbands. It would remove the shadows of care from the shoulders of those women who were deprived of their legitimate rights and place it upon their estates, which should be responsible for it. A man might live for thirty yean and say be would get even with bis wife. (Mr. Handyside— 'She must be a bad wife.' Mr. Wood-' That is only the bad men.') It was for the bad men for whom they legislated, and not for the good men. Tho bad man left his money as a fire insurance on bis debauched soul to some Church, It was tbe duty of tbe House to prohibit that in South Australia. Tho pubiio truatco of estates or ths Court could call ; a widow ' before ' them and . examine her, and if they found that sho had been left destitute the Judges could make aa order for something on which sbo could live. If there was going to bo any suffering or anguish let not the living widow suffer, .but the dead husband. Sir John Downer . bad declared in the HouEu last, winter— and ho churned bis support on tbat declaration — that the estates should have the same responsi bility after death as during tho lifetime of the husbanda. No woman should be turned out on tho charity of her friends. This was. the age of reason and not unreasonable savagery, and he simoly asked that reason should prevail. Was it reasonable that a. man should perhaps while labouring under some terrible delusion will his wife out of everything? (Mr. Handy side — ' Why not prevent him giving it away bofore he dies?') Uo did not want to intro duce anything into the BUI that would strangle it. Ho wanted the Bill to pass. Tbe peoplo who said that there was no particular need fer tbe Bill because all husbands mado proper provision for tbo future comfort and welfare of their wires were, to aay tho least, illogical, and wore involved* in s- hopeless fc-£ of midnight darkness, bowling like a Texas school of famishing prairie dogs harking at tho imaginary ghosts of ffioir i, dflpart^d ianr#wtors 11 and ,incanahlfl of' reform. AU would admit that in travelling they found parochial conceited ignoranoa every where, and, tbat was » bridgeJcss chasm in the way of reform. In every other country in tho world but England thero was mime law for thu benefit of the widows after tho deaths of their husbands. Why was it not so in England? . It was besauso they had what Mr. Archibald bad termed ' the law of primogenital entail— an accursed law — * law which made bastards of all except the firstborn whether they bo absolutely legitimate or not, and left all to ono whether ho might be an idiot or a fool. That was not a law tbat they should copy. Hs recognised that for a thousand years tho littlo island had virtually run tbe world, but at tbo same timo ho recognised that it took years to bring about reforms. He asked bis right bon. friend did he go to tho Seven Dials and Whitechapel while ho was in London? He would havo seen hundreds of starving people almost naked. (The Premier — 'How do you mako Sovcn Dials to bo in Wbito Chappie!') They were of course distinct places. lie would have seen poverty and misery bopless and starring. (An Hon. Member— 'Ib it not in New York?') New York was inhabited by those peoplo who migrated, and took their poverty and misery with them. During tha debate on tho question last year several bon. mombqrs boldly maintained tbat the ontiro right of disposing of property should vesa exclusively in the husband irrespective of. tbo length of marriage, the number of children born, and the years of toil tho woman had pub in. Ho. simply submitted that to those who struggled hard to mako a competency for their old ago it was a griovous thing to say tbat after all those yean of struggle there should bo no partnership except the partnership of sentimentality. He wanted hon. members to look at tbe thing fairly and squarely. He asked the Premier to give him his support. Tho woman was nut entitled to a third by this BUL Sho would jret what the Judge of tho Supremo Court thought suffi cient. She might be allowed £1 or 10s. or £2. He had in his time seen a good many disin* herited widows, and he asked hon. members what in the wide world was so lamentably sorrowful as the witnessing of a disinherited, grey - haired, sunken - cheeked, wrinkled browed, aged widow living on the begrudged charity of distant relatives and friends. It was tho saddest of all earthly sights, and it touched the very tendercvt spot in the deepest fountains of human compassion, filling tbo eyes of sympathy with tears, but 'somo men bad no sympathy. They wero uot in that House, though, thank God. Thoir law of testanieutary disposition of property wasasavageinlroritancefroinKngland standing out in bold relief as living witness of ' injustice' of the aristocratic system. He had quoted quite twenty or thirty States iu tho American Union, and every one bad made pro vision' for- tho widow. (Mr. Brookcr — 'Utah?') Yes; fancy among tho benighted polygamistjc Mormons they had a law to protect their wives, aud they bad not iu South Australia. Would any man deny that there were hundreds of men in South Australia whose fortunes had been accumulated by tho assistance of their wives. (Mr. Brooker— 'No doubt about it.') If tbat was the case Ira anted why should any honest man object to uavo it stated that a wife deprived of her richUi by tho husband could go to tho Court. (Mr. Hundysido — 'She can do it now.') She could not do anything of the kind. The ques tion had liocn tried in the Courts and faili-d over nnd over ai;ain. Aud if evor tho day arrived in the history of tins country whe-n tho daughter? of tho hon. mcmlx.-rs now oppos-ng tho inoisuro should l»» humble .supplicants for justice they would deeply grieve that their progenitor* had ever been born. Ho was an unc--:iu)rciiiisin- foe of every syutoni of vitb'T individual or cnlk-ctivo h'iman s-lavc-ry by matrimonial purchase or voluntary servitude. Acc--rdincr to tho law now, unless a marriage settlement had be..-n made, could tht-y call tlw wivi'-i anything fiso than matrimonial alavt-i* Tlioy h:id a lot t-- say. but there was no power behind it. The Hill wasbaipd oa justice. What v.\n th- rcapjiiiiiiility of tho husband today under th-- law? Lit him refute to sup port his wif.-. Mul l.u v.-i-ul ! bu up in the Co:irt tho next m- ?min^, mA y*t by a stroke of his j;in he could leave liis wifo destitute. Thrtu^h thev had Mi'-h a prnfmit-.d ruverenco for the dead. v.-ot:'d they not much prefer to i-hak'- tin- Lands i-f a living widow than of a dead Ir.r-broid. What wa.i th-* law in South AiMr.i'h t ? iky* A man eottld offer a reward for i:iun- irality. The hi- band left his young wi'low C'»0. i'JC'O. or fiWa yoar so lone as -?}»? Mayid a widow, hut stipulated that whea shr- ui.-irrifd the was to loso it. That was a grievous and iufatiiuu? wrong. But that s.arne wtiT.an could gu iud livo with the man v.ho loved hor. and children would bo l*-rn into the world blaekont-d for cvor. If a mv.i hat! r. good wife who had Lcvn with him. cared f'-r Liin. loved hiai, and dono everything else, lu-.-hould n«:t \\.-j allowed to tnaltc- f\:c'a an infamous disposition. The Bill definitely defined the limitations of a man's powt-r, and mentioned the fact that tb««y were r.ot allowed to hold thoir wives, body and noul, li):« f-o much merchandise! but there was- a co-wjual responsibility, and be wives wero partners for life. Ho asked members to give him the second leading of I : toe Bill that night, and not to talk it out as| they did last year. This «u a measure which be had dearly at bis heart. Don't lee them think he wonM have nothing to lose i with ic -»™--if; If he married aa Australian i girl he should think it wrong to will away hU| property to his friends in America: yet thas ! ?was That the laws of Sooth Australia would allow him to do. He appealed to them to change those black midnight laws— those la w-i that had come down from the eyes of snaltes The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) «aid the Howe generally adtnired a man wno stuck so his colours m spite of opposition, and they reoosniaed that Mr. O'Malley had *uown he was nos content to take opposinon in one session a* being ea&eieas; to deter him. from proceeding on his coarse. At the same time he nad shown he was not unwilling to be influenced by Tf'''-*^ criticism, aa the Bill was a. con siderable improvement in several points on the one of hue year. The Government attitude would be So treat it. as last year, as an open «;aesoon. The measure had in it matters which, were of very roniirtcnihte moment, bos about which there might be differences of tHiinioo withunT +«*t-*F»— |y -w o'^irt foils of policy at alL Speaking for nmarif, be would give the hon. member a. general support for hisBOL He would support the second reading; and in Committee would seek to make several altera tions. (Air. Foster— 'Make it cut both, -ways.') WhiletheyeompeDedtne husband to {rive reasonable maintenance to his wife iu the ease of his decease before hers, «o they should compel a. wife with; property to leave a reasonable amount xo ner husband if she died before -''» They were all aware of some cases in which there had been hardship from the wane of such a. law as thiv even if they only knew of a very -small number, the fact that there had been only that tarer was no reason why they should not deal with the evil if they knew the- evil existed. There were very few murderers, but that fact did not deter them from ™*frf*g lavs to deal with. that, and the same argument applied with many evils which were not wide spread. They had every reason to legislate for the prevention of an evil, if they thought! it was an evD. He put it that the passing of this BOl would not only prevent the occur rence of the few cases of wrong that they knew of. bat it would do no in justice to all toe other Thousand* of cases where, even without the Sill. a. fair and reasonable provision would be made. There was ito fear of making women so independent by this measure as to cause any wrong or harm to any person at alL The death of a man should not end his obliga tion to his wife. Under the exittiag law if anv penon died intestate the law stepped in at onee and provided fora certain disposition of the mupeiti. recognising at the same time the absolute necessity of provision for the ?widow as well as for the children. The hon. member might fairly have gone a- little further and provided also in this Bill that tbammuet be- some provision for the children, especially the minors. He heard only a short time since of a case in which a man just over sixty had died, and left a widow, nearly his own age, and some of his children at an age ?crhen they were dependent upon him. and would have bees dependent on him for a few years longer; in absolute need, be bavinjr made ***** acquaintance of a woman of worthless character a few yeara btfore bis death, and had left her all thepro perty, which he had acquired with the aid of fits wife. He would be pleased to assist any member to more in Committee to amend in the direction he had indicated. He disliked the provisions of she last three clauses, which permitted the institution of what wa*pcaeti eallv a divorce proceeding after the husband's death. (Mr. G'Jtfailey — 'I will take an amendment to cut it oaf) If up to the end of a man's life he did not take any steps to be separated from bis wife, no other person had a. right to set up proceedings that would practically be divorce proceedings against the poor unfortunate widow. Any person who had no care for the widow at ail might suggest immorality or impropriety, and subject the widow to a condition of things which, she would endure almost any hardship to escape. He hoped the second reading would be carried that afternoon, then in Committee those members who disagreed with some portions of the Bill could have those points dealt with one ' way or the other. Mr. CAjLDWELL moved tho adjournment of tbe debate. Negatived. Mr. LAXDSESU, though disagreeinjr with some of the s&Ltk;*mcuts of th« mover, thought the object of the Bill a good one. No groat wrong was likely to be done, and there were cases where the Bill would workwelL Oft toies husbands, in a freak of jealousy or ani mated by eaosokss passion, tended todoa very great injustice in the way they left their property, and to irive protection iu those cases would be a good thing, so he would help to get the BQl into Committee, although he did not support all its provisions. They should Us careful not to go to the other extreme, and put into the woman's hands a power which might tend to irritability, and make the last days of the husband** life far from comfortable. Still a man had the right to run his chance as vrrUasawomao. He did not think any hon. . member could find fault with tbe intention of the BUL Particular case* had occurred and timilar cases might occur again. He would support the scsoad reading, and in Committee would seek to modifv the BilL Mr. HO.MBUK.6- wa» sorry Sir John Downer vu away from the Home, becamie the hoo. gentleman would bo pleased to have spoken on the Bui. and the Attorney -General ooghs tafcaw given his opinion of tho measure, which *x* second to nun^ in importance of the Uilla they bad had for many yean past. (Premier — 'I rose before you.') His re marks on the Estates Tail Bill would have soovinced boa. members that he was not erongly impressed with tho present law of inheritance. Oa August 'Jit. 1SJL, h» moved for leave to introduce into this Uou*t» the Testamentary Lands Subdivision Bill, and on that occasion he pointed out that ia Austria. Belgium. Denmark. France. Ger many, Greece. Holland, Italy, Norway, Spain, oerria, Sweden, and Switzerland, in some of the American countries as well as some of the British colonies, there wassonie law whereby the testator «m required to dis pose of hiii real and personal property in such a way that provision was made for tus jridow and children. He agreed with the boa. member shat there should be some oblttradon on the part of the testator to make some pro vision for bis wife, and he agreed with the Treasurer that die testator should make souk provision for h« children. It wan a uniquu position in English jurisprudence that tfau testator was permitted to dispose of his real and personal property to some stranger and disinherit his wife and member* of his family. He agreeed with a good deal of what Mr. O*Malley had said, though not with h» style of rhetoric It was unfaic that a testator should have the powc: after having* acquired a competency by xiu assistance of his wife to disinherit her auc throw her upon, charity. As the law oxistoc the testator, so long as he lived, was bound to maintain his wife and children, yet by astrok- of his pen he could disinherit his wife ant children, and leave them destitute. Such 9 ( law should not pre.-ail. but fortunately th« cases where the testator coaunhted so grea as injustice were few. Without reflecting- ii any way upon the present occupant of tha oSca. ilr. Stow, who was a highly houourabL gentleman, the office of the Public Trustee a the tribunal for enquirr was about the wob tribunal that could beauthorizsd. TbePubli, Trustee was to summon before him am examine such witnesses as be considered oscasnary. and then could apply before : Judge of the Supreme Court for an order As to counsel not bring allowed to appear, hi did nut attach much importance to that provi sion. If people Hked to have their work dot* without the intervention o£_ counsel it waa fa them to- so determine, and if Parliament con adered that the intervention of solicitors wa not desirable then Pad lament could so deter nine. Everything that Mr. O'Malley pro posed rould not be accomplished. If tb whoia-Housowereac present to give the hon member the necessary assistance, he sail ia all candour to tha hon. mem ber that the passage ot such a BU would be disastrous to the principle fo which the hon member was contendms He must not overlook tbe fact that th present system of distribution of testator property and the present law of inheritance both in canes of testacy and intestacy, wa» th growth of many centcswa. and upon whici were grave rules of law which tho move thought be might dispense with by a. short simple, and from a layman's point of view ai ably drafted Bill, but the moment he aj tempted to bring the Bill into operation i would be open, to hundred* of loopholes, and asneitbertheaiover nor himself deuredto!eav« The mover might take his second reading, bo he should then remit tbe question to a Selec Committee. In ISM. be had a similarintes tun to that which the mover bad, and be founi then if tbe Bill waa to be canted int . effect thev must give the Judges of th Supreme Court tnHeUancke in tbe aratter c regulations affecting the question. II had described that tbe law had p« vailed oa the Continent, and in Brim! Cotff«^m it had had the growth o£ iW years, and it had been found necei sary to provide for it by eUborai machinery. In deafing with* matter of Uu sort they should not overlook bistorici developments- in other countries. Befoi 1S-I he had moved for the return with a vie of aseertaniinjrin which countries the law. & tbe compulsory division of testators* propert wasentoced. He wanted reports uora tl Baban Hr-'1''* to see whether we wei T^.^fnHiJi«tinMMmenmmra»in with the matte That return had never come u band excei m socn an incomplete form as to be uselea He had always desired that it should bo put nabed. One of tba reports was before fun and be would raCer to it, because be waa di appointed as it did not turn out as bee: pected. He knew that among th« country m which tbe principle waa enforced was Cat Town. *nd rs wa* ono of the few Britii Colonies which had at» ???«- * system of ael ;ovcr.im&nfe; v:\;-.-h ap-jroacuad Aimra'ia. - Wiieu (jraaS l]iita:n olitainod posscsdion of : rape Town it was a Dutcii province, and they ' lad a lav.- by which ti« j tenator was compelled ;o loave a p jrtioa c: hi* protwrty to his wife md th-j remainder to hi* children. That law jc had tlu'.uiit was enforced \vh-;n lie uwvfd :or u_r--:nru. \V'uun c.'tntnuuication wits )Iic::.i: wi;h *j;neo( theculo:iii-.s a reply waa n-voivoJ iioia tlui Cap.- wiiith stutcd tlj.it n'u-r nriuv^ yc»rs of contvt l.-.'iw-.-t-a tlio \:ric.i:iiLr Bund, who ds.-iri: 1 to maintain the pl-i t.vw. ac:l tije nredoiaii4Utin_- En-ili.-ih pow-.-r in Cip;» Town, tiw law was aij.ili-hid. He Ba*i taken sma-j troaWe to ffo ;hrougii the BIucIkv/.:-, ;-j usneriaiu t!;-- cj;« iiuistan«:oj which in'.:uc.^d thcai to aboli-h the ia-.v. whii.h be tfto:t!;us wa* au o\';..-Ucn: or.'?, uut he was unable co nnd unytuin^ except a few iiroiKi'-xl Acts, and in the end he hud to viv.r up .ill his research, and ho Ihea asked Mr. lial'.- jml- to make application to the Cln.Tk of the Caw Town House asking what circuiu*tauc?3 bad induced them to a'.wli-,h tho law. On January 12 Mr. Halcomb revived a Ictior from the Cicrk of the Hoifc of Asstai'olv in Cape Town, in which it was stated that there was no official ' Hansard.'' but if it wottM be any assistance to tho members of thu South Australian House he would get a copy of the speeches typewritten and sent out. He was sorry, in view of tha Bill, that he bad not asked thas it should be done. The Bill was very short. It wa* assented to on July 3L 1S74.. The first part was as fol lows: — 'Wbereas it is expedient to remove certain restrictions heretofore existing by the laws of this colony on the freedom of tho dis position of property by the last trill or testa meat of the owner thereof: Be it enacted by the Governor of tho Cape of Good Hope, by and irith tho advice and consent of tho Legis lative Council and House of Assembly thereof, aa follows:— L So much of any law or* ordi nance heretofore existing in this colony as shall be repugnant to or inconsistent with any or the provisions of this Act shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly. 2. Xo legitimate portion shall be claimable of right by any one out of the estate of anv person who shall die after the taking effect of this Act' That was exactly the opposite to that for which the hon. member contended. '3. Every person competent to make a will shall bavo full power by any will executed after the taking effect of this Act to disinherit or omit to mention any child, parent, relative, or descendant without assign ing any reason for such disinheritance or omission, any law, usage, or custom now or heretofore in* force in. tbij colony notwith standine : and no such will as aforesaid shall be liable to be set aside as invalid. either wholly or in part, by reason of such disinheritance or omission as aforesaid.' The hon. member could not have known of that. (Mr. O'MaHey— 'That is from th« savage Boers.') Those savage Boers con tended for the adoption of the principle that the hon. member desired. Ic was the Afrikander Bund that wanted tho old Dutch law by which tbe husband was compelled to make provision for his wife and family. It was the English that got the dominant power, and said that a man should dis pose of bis property himself. Sir John Downer would not agree with him, but he thought the BUI was of great importance. Really they had borne tbe law for many centuries without much complain;. If they were going to have any amendment to it they should be carafuL Neither' the House as a whole nor the Committee could deal with a BQl of that sort. It was a measure on which the hon. member should havo the assistance of layawa certainly, bnt lawyers easentiauy; and if the Houae expressed a desire to affirm a principle of that sort thoir Hononi of the Supreme Court would be ready to give the bou. member every aasnt ance to bring an effectual Bill into operation. He was not going to stonewall the Bill to prevent tbe second reading, but when the Bill got to that stage he would ask' the hon. member to refer the whole question either to a Select Committee or ask for a Royal Commission to go thoroughly into it. They had bean in advance of legislation on many occasions, notably the Real Property Act, and so excellent were those provision* that they were followed by nearly every English colony. The law relatin? to testa mentary dinposltion*, like the lleal Property Acts. waftaContinentallaw.and thchon.mam ber would bo perfectly justified in taking a leaf out of tbe Statute-book* of a foreign countrv and adopt the law of testamentary dispositions, not only in the form in which it was in tbe Bill, but in the more extended form which was contended for by the Treasurer. But it would no: do in the form in which it was in the BilL From that point of view tho hon. member must make much more ample pro visions than those which he bad already made Some members miirbt say that tbe Cape Bill contained only six clauses. But the Capo wiped out all the existing law, and adopted by one stroke of the pan the entire English law, and therefore thero was no difficulty about it. If the hon. member said that tho old Dutch and Roman law with regard to the disposition of testators' property waa to como into force be might equally do it by a abort BQl, such as was adopted at the Cape. Then tho simple procedure would bo to wipe out all the existing legislation aa to testamentary deposition, perhaps not in one day. but at sosi«i future time: Mr. HOMBL'KG asked leave to continue bis remarks oa Wednesday, December 1, Leave granted. At Ck3-* p.m. the House suspended its sitting for an hour. On resuming, ASSOCIATION'S INCORPORATION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The SPEAKER— I understand the hon. raombsr for North Adelaide has a morion to bring forward with the consent of the Govern ment and the House. Mr. ULYNN moved with the permission of tbe House that the Attornoy-Ueneral. tbe Treasurer, and tbe mover be appointed a Com mittee to draw up reasons for disagreeing to the amendments of the Le£t*Iative Council to the Associations Incorporation Act Amend ment Bill. When the matter was before the House on the previous night that had been omitted. Motion agreed to. The Committee brought up tho reasons as follows:— Besauat- the proposed amendment does not accomplish the object of clause 3 subsection 6, as clearly astbe subsection as it stand*. Kosoon* to be printed. VEStailX-PltOOF FENCING BILL. Coosuk-ratioa of report. Mr. PEAKE moved to recommit the Bill for the parporte of aduiug a new clause and altering the title of tbe Bill. Mr. GLYNN would »fc- like to indicate that he would niave to iuitert a new clause. Tho SI'EAKEa— There is no necessity to give notice. Thel'ttEMIBR (Right Hon. C. C. King ston) — It is to recommit for a certain purpose. Mr. GL YNN said hia object vrau to put in a new cl.vwe by Mr. Mortlock, the first portion of which he bad redrafted. Thi? Hon. A. CATT pointed out that h- considered that the alteration of the title would not iu any way alter the scope* of the [ But. H« mentioned that so that thore should . be no disappointment. ' The motion was declared negatived. Mr. GLYNN called for a division, but sub [ ser;uendy obtained Icavo to withdraw hut call . Third reading next daw i SUPPRESS UN O/UAMIXtt BILL. Adjourned deba.e on second reading (Octo [ ber2T). i The Hon. A. CATT said it was not hu , intention to occupy very much time for twe reason*. One was that he was not in vert , good form, and the other was that he recog nised they had a very great deal of work t- , get through between the prevent timo ant . when they ought to rise in December. H- . *ta!ed the few words he uttered in addmsinc , the House when lie was kindly granted at . adjournment that he know practically verj . little abDut the question, and be had to tak- . the information ho had obtained as second ' hand, seeing thas personally he had not beei ( brutish: into contact with the totalizatoi . or any of the gambling speculation [ which be was told were now so rife . He had no reason for one moment to daub [ the position the Premier took up in refereno i to the question. Seeing tbe petition was sup ' ported by tbe member for the Northern Tern tore, who they might tairly^exoect would tab . a fair view of the question, his position wai i much strengthened. The member for tb : Northern Territory said, 'The gamblinj pronen.dties of tha rising generation wen ' horrible, and something to make him— fom . as be was of going to race meetings am 5 petting money on races— think it would b t better if he were debarred of the opportunitj . than that the present state should continue. \- He always liked when dealing with a quectioi E and having no practical knowledge to take hi . information from those who had practica I knowledge rather than from thsonsta \- Anxious to obtain all the information h j could on the subject he had looked throujrl f the debate* of 1SS6 and 18S7. H i found tbe strongest speeches made agains . one part of the Gambling BQl wer t made by a gentleman not opposed U } attendinir race meetinge. and some of them t . pattinz mosey on the totalizator. As far a B the youthful gambling was concerned, if i t was as had been stated it was a very seriou I matter, and one that ought to cemmend it&dl; 9 to 'every member of the House who was . r well-wisher of, the province. To bis mini r anything that would sap tbe morals of :h p rising generations . ought to have tbei B serious consideration, espedaUv if they lp B an opportunity to do anything to l-riti; ?. about _a better state of affairs. Wbci t they had the evidence he referred to by th i. Premier of thoke who said that these pro \- penalties of tbe youthful members of th» coir muxiity were no rife it became them to loo! 1\. seriously at tite question and see whs ,. they could do to alter the matte: » He commended the Premier for the attemp e he was mating in tbe Bill he intruduco? fi Later on be would have to make some ohjec ?- tions to the measure. He thought if the ould uo anything as a Parliament to resist m uppreasintr the evil of youthful gambling hey would be only doing what was right and iropor. Tbe questiou as to the extent cf thu ivil was best known to those who moved .bout amongst that daw of the community ifjro than he did hiaiself. and therefore he -ook it for grunted that what the member for he Northern Territory and the Premier said v as correct, and on that ground ho would $-up- x-rt the first part of tho Bill. lie regretted ? cry mush that the Bill did not go further, tad that the Premier could not have seen his way clear when the deputation waited on him :?- agree to tho requeue that at any rate the Totalizator Act should bo repealed. They .veie ttiiil when obked to agree to the Totali zator liill that its ellcct would be to reduce ihu number of bookmakers and decreaso rambling. Ho was very much struck when r. adin? the speeches m&de; in Inland ISS7 by ?me centleman, who .-iaid that since the Totalizator Bill had been in force be iiud been it every race Dioetinj; in Adelaide, and there wr.-ru two bookmakers to every ono obtaining Ixjfore tho machine wsis k'^aliz-.d. He had aot thu least doul.t, from what was curron: m i:oavcr5ation. that the iKjokmabin;: fraternity ba-i n--: ;-!en rcd'icol hy tho le^aiizatior. of tho totalizator. Tiie Premier stated tha: tho bookrua'cer and tho totalizator were en a vc.-y diiTereEt footing : that whereas the one »pp-.*ak-d tuoat loa-lly to the youth and adulrs the oth-.-r wa% pr.u-:ieaily silent. To his mitd tho totalizator s-|K-kc tuore effectively to tho voath of the pruvinof than tho loudest bookmalier could possibly speak. It said, in ??f?'c-t. 'I am a legalise'] pai.il)!iii? machiuu legalized Uy the Uishcst Court iu tho lanti. Von c.iiinot possibly be offsuding &cain3t; the morals of thecounrunity, l«c:tu-e the representatives of the people would not encourage anything that would corrupt th« morals. It spoke roost Tlectiveiy to t!io voath of the province as well as to the :idu!n, ss was well said l-y a speaker in l.^-So. lie said how couid t!:ey possiUy object to tli-j youth of tho province clubbing:!?, tid. together to make up £1, when anyone couid ^o ;u:d put a pound on the machine. By adopting such a course, and by tho tsct of the totalizator i/oing legalized, they were intensifying the difficulty they had of helping to bhow young people hov/ to steer clear of eviis. He Sloped when tho Bfll was in Committee aa attempt would be made to repeal the Totalizator Act. He was the U*t one iu the House to express a strong opinion u to the conscientiousness of other luen-.bers. He allowed everv one the Kline latitude as be claimed for himself, and is making tha remarks .he did be did not reflect on the strongly expressed conviction* others might hold distinctly in opposition to his own views. Ho believed nothing but harm coald accrue from the continuance of tho Totalizator Act, and he asked those mombera who professed to bare the best interest of the whole of the residents to consider this question very care' fully and see if they could not make up their minds to agree to the repeal of the totali zator. (Mr. Burgoyne — 'Will that do iiway with gambling?') Ho did not think it would, but there would not be a blot on the escutcheon of the State that there was by the legalizing of the totalizator. If this effort to repeal the Act should be un successful it seemed to him as far as the ftlement of justice was concerned— and he always liked to be just— that an alteration must be made in tbe measure if it was to be fair all round. He never could see his way clear to support a measure, which affected tho rich in a different way to tbe poor. It did teem to him in this case, if they said that the wealthy members of the community who could afford it could put 10s. or £1 on the machine, tbe poorer man had just as much right, if he felt inclined to, to invest his 2s. 6d. Ho saw no reason why the latter should be barred. The Premier— 'They can do it') If thcydid it through an agent. (Tbe Premier— 'They can do it through an agent as long as he doesn't get paid.') Would the Premier liko to act as agent if he did not get paid? (The Premier — '* I will put £1 on for you at the next meeting.') As a regular practice tho Pre mier would not be dinposcd to do it for no thin?. It was difficult for tbe person who could only afford 2s- fid. to find his way to the course and meet with other persons with i*-. 6d. so as to make up lUs. or £1. Iz scctned to bbu that they might very we:! ai'.nw yomu such arrangement by which the [tourer num bers or tho community would not l-- dtiljarrvd from the same opportunity of invc*tint; an tint wealthy members were. If an agen: wc.-o allowed on the course th.-n the thine; mi^ht b-j very well managed, lie did think, ruling the repeal of the Act, that the provibions i-{ lliu Bill wcru unfair ajrainst t!v-=o not able to afford the larger muis tbe wealthy people could. He objected altogether to .St^to-ie^ali/.'d gambling. It seemed to him that while in thu past they had endeavoured to build up this young nation the}' had madn in - takes, home of them fraught with considerable di:!i-.-ulty, but no mistake which had been mndu !-ythe Parliament was so likely to have aa injurious effect on the future of South Austnlia as when the majority legalized the totalizator. The first sections of the Bill dealing with juvenile gambling had bis heartiest approval and support. A certain powerful section ot the community whom he respected, although be did not agree with them, suggested that the first paragraph of dauso 1 should be itrc;k out, as thev said they saw no reason why the Bill should not stand by it&elf; rather than interfere with previous Gaming Acts. If th« provisions of this measure should bo carried through Committee intact ho agreed with thorn, but if alterations should be tniide in certain directions it might be uea*aaary and proper to keep clause 1 as it stood. In ebiuit 1 itsaid 'any person who shall wager with any person under twenty-one yean of age,'&c.; ; h- asked the Premier what was meant by the tirsi 'any person?' In the dictionary the word person was defined as 'man, women, oi child;' then, if a child under twenty-one wagered with another child under twenty-cm would that child be liable for a penalty of o{ to £1007 Did not tbo first 'person' require defining more clearly? (The Premier — '] don't want to limit it at alL') His great ob jection to the Bill as a Bill was founded on th« provisions of clause 7. It had always been tht boast of an Englishman that hU house was hu castle. They had always thought that when their doors were shut they bad the right cvei to refuse Her Majesty tho Queen entrance unless she came armed with a warrant lrom i properly constituted Conrt. Now they wen asked to allow any policeman who t-ooulc reasonably suspect that anything in the shap- of gambling wm carried on to interfere auc even bunt their doors open and. intrude upon their privacy at any time, whet they might have a few persona as sembled in their house to enjoy themselves He objected most strongly to that parities Their forefathers tought and bled to obtaii some of th«r liberties they now enjoyed, anc he would not be a party to giving up tba which he prized very highly. They ha- heard of persons who for spite would At things that they could not approve. Iteader of the newspapers knew thas a little while agi a young lady in Cuba, through the fact thai she refused the addroues of some individual ii connection with : the Spanish army, wm through the spite that gentleman fel towards her banished altogether from Cubt for life. How were they to know that i policeman, having a spite as he might agains any. individual, and knowing that individua had a few friends gathered together, misb not bunt open bis door, 'reasonably suspect ing' that gambling was being carried, on when all that was going on was a friendly game of whist, or something else that no oui could take exception to. When the Premie was speaking the other day, and he inter jectcd, 'Was the evidence of. a policemai alone to be taken on these matters?' ho wa not referring to this section at all, but bad ii his mind the relation of the police to thi various games played by youth) on tbe par! lands. A friend of his who lived on the cdg. of tbo park lands, and who had a family o young sons and daughters, drew tbe attentioi of the police to the fact that a number o young boys habitually met every Sunda; afternoon* in front of hia house and playe pitca-and-bMS, Jfec, and used very oai language. The police officer, who camo ani tooic tbe namos of. the boys, sail be could do nothing, and the Polio Magistrate would not oonviet unless h himself* would appear at the Courl Not every man cared to appear at the Coun While tbe police were there to preserve lai and order, and when boys and youths wer breaking the law like that, they should b able to take action themselves without drag gtng into it respectable householders who di not like to bo brought into a Court. Anxiou a» he was to suppress gambling, he could nc possibly vote for. tbe third reading if clause remained in as it now stood. Xo single- police countable ought to havo tbe right to urea into another man's hoiuc without a propc warrant legally signed. He wo::2d re-i.--: t thentmost anything like thi-- loci'tmn;.: Ian He valued moat highly the privil^e r being as it were king in hi' nw bouse: that privilege would nc d«etr.-ye if anv ono could hurst open hi* it'-oi at any hour oa ?'re.tsonat'U* su-pioi^.n. How would the Premier like M'inc i-o:icema to burst open the d-x-r of his hou.-? : IK- wl-u! vory toon make a very vigorous ;.-rt-:wt. Ii (Mr. Catt) wiwld !:.-:*!:!:?' to be that unforti nate polireraan. ».'!au-e .*- should \m wrl.M;*1. cousidpred iti C'c-.rjii:ii»e. It provider! th: supptein:; a iiOr-ou wi, cb.-.rjrcJ with or otfeui-* :i-- i!ii;T'i: a: =??:-*!« iu-arinc. aithoui;!) i: other inf:-rn:a::on K;;jht liavoiivenlaiu n^.iin him. be fcuuJ ^uii'.y of -inother o^-nvea^ain: tho Ar-. Th^: ?.v.-in:ra::i-Tii-i-far. Nuoscoispr ' t to le o;?.?i^^??^l ''ii.: an-'dVmv which wa» :iuto i the ti.ircf^ ?:???':. lie cu^ht to have a fa ' rhsBv- ft ilf feii«?iii^ lu.usc-'.l. ar.d h-iw wis r i to -:?? *ha: it op tli-- f pur of the moment a frv? 1 ch.i.-^i? ins i:vitl jcujii-: him? (Mr. lloiabu; ? — ?' It coe» further than that. They can ria ? him Ttiilty ot' 5cmcthi:ir ht« is no: charged wit ; a: ;»;!.': ' Ho asked nicmrvrs to consider tl i { «f.:.-*:iv'ii .«cti«m-iy. He roaiized with M ? tiiynn. a c*-ntiets:aa whom they all respectc ? and csiei- nied rt-ry highly, that during tbe ia twenty or thirty* years or lonper thero ha hc-ii a very proa: improvement in the mora ' [of the ptwplc Ho could look back himae or a long period. lie recognised that here was a very marked improvc neut as far as tho drinking and other labits of iho people were concerned ; be was lot so sure that gambling, except perhaps inaong youths, wa-s very much more rife than : was then. Mr. Glvnu himself, speaking rben the Totalizator Bill was under discus lion in 1SS6 or 1SS7, said 'although the thing ineauiotr the totalizator) was not immoral, yet it led to immorality.' In view of that state ment did not Mr. Glynn consider it better to ibolish the totalizator altogether? He claimed Mr. Solomon's vote for the repeal of the Totalizator Act. Judging from his speech, he could not get awa/ from it. His speech was the strongest he had listened to for some timo against gambling and the camblin£ propensities of tho age. He said that those who wished to be consistent aad Buppress gambling should try and sweep away the totalizator altogether. And further on he u-sed tho remarks he had quoted before. (Mr. Solomon— 'You havo not read all. I ba?d * If you cannot abolish it you should regulate it.' ') The State should not attempt to regulate it as it had done. He had beard it *»:--. that there waa other gambling besides pamblinx on th«j racscourse— pauibling in shares for instaace. But ho had never yet heard any one suggest that the broken* should be allowed to (ramble only certain days in tho year. (Mr. Soiom^n — *' What brokers do you refer to, meat brokersor mining brokers?'*) He wa» speaking of tUe brokers on 'Change. Is taicht be liia obtuscnes3. but ha really could tij; suu tho parallel iu the ei-;o of the individual who placed his money in the hands of :«.:t agent or brclicr to try to develop the mini-ral resourei-s as again,-: the man who (?lacci his (wiind en thu totalizauir on a race. If, however, a man bousht and sold aud gave his name to something v.'hicb he knew to bu lit-s at the btarl it was anything but co::mjnd able. He asked hon. members to dUabuso their minds altorccaer fro:a the fjK-cuiaciye as against the pitnulin? asjjetjt. Great Britain \voiiM never nave b.-ca in the state she w;is to-day if it had col bteu for the speculative ??han^-t-ir of hor sons that had led to her taking up territory new occupied by her surplus population, and had loJ to her wonderful prominence in the commercial w»r!d. (Mr. Uandystda — ' That u rouberv. '*) Robbery to tako tip tho AustraiiasV (.Nlr. ILinuyside — 'Yes, to tako any parson's land.') lion, members ought to draw a lir.j between speculation and gamttlin;;. That liao ought to he drawn :it any rate by the State. Th« Stato should not lu^alize fjambliu^, and therotore he asked tho Stato to retrieve i:s steps and repeal tlte totalizator. .Mr. CARPEXTKIl had boen extremely interested in noticing thu mi::cd reception '.-f the Bill ltiside aud outside of the Hoa-:e. It was noteworthy that a majority of hon. members who had spoken had confessed tb^t they were mora or loss.vldicted to the practice of I'telting. (Tho Premier— 'No.') If they had not confessed m- much iu their speeches i: was generally known that tliey ocuasionully in dulired in the practice, and oau hardly knew how to regard the attitude of such members, when they expressed themselves so ready r.nd willing to prevent others, more particu larly those under a?.». from doip-,- wUj.z they themselves confessed they sometimes did. In thu mattar ot the toialixator they, of course, could not expect to iind anything iikc | logic by its advocatos. {Mr. Handvvide — 'They want to fiud tlic winner.') lie believed tbat several of thoso wno ad-*:st-^l to estabii-h the totalizator did S'j as «n vxpedieut, fee!i::g that in a few years it could i^e d jum wi-.hour. Tlie people who h:ul henotitod mo^c !-y the machine had nut beu-n the betting community, but the racing clu!^. Although no did no; profess to know mr.'.-h abon: i-.-inp cl-ibs :-.*id tlit-ir doic^3, \,e hud b-v.M inform-.-.! «ju 50yd authority that t.'io establishtiiuat of tb.: totalizator had been the .salvation of be veral racing clubs, aud tiiat tha psreenta^en from tho machine had practically put them 0:1 choir feet. It li«d boon asked was ffamblini; iniuioial? A writer in the AVviivmis (Jutr'rrlii 7?-:n-.» iti a purely scientiGo ess.iy pointed out wry ??onciu-ivtly what !:e iw. sideredtobeatclnr-^-jso: o-jttm^— '.lieprinciiila of t:ikit:^ sjainihing from a person without £ivinn- him aiiyiinn^ in return. That writer was on the yjre foundati-ju. To t:»ke from a ;-ei5--D .?-.)!. ic:l;iac of value without rondi- rinj; any useful service iu return v.-.vi .-k principle ?A-isit-h would tie dvtruetivo of o«ir social life- if it wi-ri- usteudetl to that lii'». 1 1 was becat:'-n patnbi'iig aud betting pr--.itioa-l evil re-sttlu that in years pasr. tiiere had b»en legislation for itr. regulation, and n- sonic oxtunt its suppression. lie rai;.od a warniut; note against the opisuon which had already found ixpri.'.-^ioii tiiat tne totali/.afir .should ix: ex tended iu thu iuturetts of the- poor working man. Perhaps he knew as much about tha averagn working man aud !iia doings as ra--ss hon. iti-tm'jcr^, a:i-it!io rcult of !iis ciperi-nco ha-1 hccii that t!:e average working man was not r. gambler. 1: w.-.s ijuttj trua that t!:o avera^u working mr.n wij* not a ft∫ ; ho Ii vi his faults aad vcos, but a num'uer of hid vict-s hail been copied frrn jK- op!'.- iu bish^r --:ati ?«?.?» in life. (Mr. OM.-.iity— ' Thj rich ro-r*ter. ') Let well-to-do |-ooplo t-eii'-.o gambling ani bettinjr to-morrow and they wouid iin'l tir.it the working man wouid .sp-j.viily f.Viloiv Muir t.-xomple. Tho w.irkinir man did not cravo for facilities to cuablc hi.n U- t;.-imbi.-, i- soi:io hon. members seemed to imply. Il would bo a great mistake to provide any greater facilities for the poor man to indulge in gambiing than ho had at present. No one Mitfered more through betting [ aud gambling than the poor men. ; They always stood to lose, aud it was becuuso the worlcnfj man saw the evil .around him every day that it became a habit with him— a habit for which he had no great liking aud would bo quite willing to give up. The powers under clause 7 seemed to bs semewhat great, yet it appeared to him that some powers were necessary if tbe polico wero to carry out the laws. In the past the Coin misnoner of Police had not had the machinery to enable him to enforce the laws. That, ho took it, was the idea of the Commis sioner of Polico s» to the machinery necessary to carry out the law. Tbe Commissioner should know best whit powers wero neco&sarv;, and it was amusing to hoar the extreme talk about tbe danger of jjivinjr a policeman this power. Did any one think that a constable wouid so abuse bis position as to break iato a private house without jusc cause? They must remember tbat a man's homo was sacred only so long as he was obedient to the law. Bnt the clause might easily be modified, so tbat the sting couid be taken out of it. Why not require a policeman to get a warrant ot authority from his chief before forcibly enter ing premises! Aa a rule the places where gambling was habitually carried on were not private hotisea, but premises that were well known to the police. It was not necessary, therefore, for the conktablo on his own responsibility to attack tbuse place*. He suggested that for tha words 'without any warrant or authority other than this Act' they should substitute a. provision inquiring the~coo»table toobtainauthoritr from the Com missioner before breaking into premises when gambling was suspected to be carried on. Another important clause was clauso 13, and he could scarcely arruu with the opinions thai had been expressed as to the enormity of making auy one an ' accomplice in crime' f 01 the purpose of getting a conviction, lie shared in the general repugnance of employing informers, and yet it must be admitted that we had done the same thing occasionally without much talk being heard about it. About a year aj-o when some petty thefts tool: place at a coffee palace, the thief was dis covered owing to some one bein? employed to mark coins, place them in a certain place, and watch from a hiding-place. There way no complaint about that man being an accomplice, (ilr. Handyside — 'He was not an a.xotu plice.') He could not mo the difference. !lo waa surpribed to hear Mr Glynn speak dis paragingly of clause 14. No doubt, as a strong minded man, the hon. member wai- atave being caught by anv euch snares aa thosi referred ti» in the clause. Tbe hon. mciabci had s/udiud most of the games of chance, a::d knew most of the tricks of the racecourse. ( Mr. Glynn — 'Oh. no; not tho trick*.'* Mr. Burgoyne — ' He knows how to avoid them.'1] Not long ago a simple fellox from his dis trict came to town with £100 in hi' pocket, and was induced to go to tht racecourse, where some spetlcry, by mean* o: tbe purse-trick, got tho £1GU from him in : little while. They should da soi,,etLi:iu' where passible, to protect people from cu*i:n:it and crafty men of that stamp. {Mr. O'.\iulj.;. — 'This Bill woa't stop tuat. bccauM- tbei will take a rooster like that down in alloy.'* He was not to well acquainted with '''wiy. that aro dark and trick* that ire v.-vin*' a* Li; hop. coilea^U'. Although ther-- were eo:i:i points :u favour of tho t.its'ii.-^itcr. t!n; p--::i:i apainst it far ouiw.-iched them. While tii». 1 «?»:«? taking racr.a* tu -upnrc:«.«- ^auibiin; tbi-;. el. iu!d ?.u; lvse ji^h: of on-; ac- n- y — fcri:a{^ t!:-.% most pot-.-nt .v^en?y — ia tlu- ir rr.ii:;t to. ? brvrdiu? an-J cnvour.ij:!a~ :Lj desire foi . 1 e=.^»iili!-i.' ara- up tin- --.i:«.p. a« anion;- adults 1 he reforrrij tc. the pubiicati--a os Letting «ri . ' -\\-ortia^ uewii i:i ti.e i:.i:!y ae-.vspapgrs. If hi ' ; were t;- say ti:it the iV.-»s «a- i-ometimes : ijp.'wcrfor evil. a.« Wi-H ar a power for pood ; in. my hon. mv::ii -.-rs \70ald agree with hiui 1 ! tThc I'remitT — ' Vc-u would aot say that th- ? ? lifinocratic i'r-?M jm a vrtnrer for evil.7' - Botl ; *.-i tho daili':.- 1 Uicd theuisclvcs dotnocratic . I Somvtiaies tLt- y .-aw a loaiiia? article deoounc ? ; ir^r ^atci'liui.' a- a;i evil : bat on turning eve: \- '? tha -ws-- they had tbo '' latent bettiujr.v and i :. a lr.r^o dividend wero paid an a horse it wai : ' !Uu::tu-nc-! : »ad it ihero wore a lnrse swet-p ; ! Make, sad ?o:i.o one nu-.u-j a t-isr win, »pi-x 1 ' deal \n- rna.'it? of i:. The puulicatioi : ; --f Mich tilings tiid more to e\cila tin . j imat'inatiou of our yous? people, and t- 1 ?:-c t!ie:n a dotire for gaabling am r ' th-? tott!:z»t- r. tha:i acy o:r;«?r agency I (The Pn-micr— ' I hope you haven't wad thi I 1 account of th« Meliioumo Cup.'') Xo: bu 1 1 he did road in one newspaper on Tuced*] . ! morning what wa» practically aa apolocy fo* 1 1 their not bciaj: able to publish tbe lates : I belting. The GorerniBent ehould take thi I ; buil hy the horn?, aud prevent the publicatioi 1 1 in any paper ot :he results of betting or o E j sweepdtakos. Until tbat were done he wai -uro that the rest of their efforts to prevent {ambling would not be very successful. Mr. HANDYSIDE said opinions as to what constituted gamblinsr varied greatly. According to the views of some people, the best plan to suppress gambling would be to stop tho playing of marbles and ether games by children. In his view people- uovcr gambled until they wont beyond 'their means. Putting money ou a horse race- was mere speculation, the same as putting it into mining, (ilr. Roberts— ' Thcu every uian who goes insol vent is a (rambler.') It all depended upon how a pen-on liked to tako it. borne con sidered betting a legitimate business. The Premier stated that the deputation had told biiu that thero was a great evil grotviucr up, and ho asked them what they wanted, and' they said an Ace to ensblo then: to procccuto a certain class of people and throw them into prison. Ho said they had csade out a good case and be would give them what they wanted bar tho totalizator, aad be cullod. in hia three great otfieen, and tho Bill was produced. They must be careful, bccau.su it depended how a person was traiacd. Soaio people were taught that many thnips were 6vil, some were told that it was evil to p;o to tho ihcatre. yet aomo would go to a concert and hvar a comic sonj,-, otheri thought ic v/as a t.ia to go to a dance aud take & girl around the waist iu the waltz, but otbors would go to a tea meeting and perhaps take a girl home late ut ni^ht and put th-.'ir arms around her. Souiu things were quito as bcJ as others. Mr. C'att said that there wcio more bottinp men now | thau before the totⅈ/.ator, but uo in.-C|Ucnt*.\l . racecourses, ami ho thought thero _ were Jess! betting rnen than bjfory tho totali^-.tor w:is ; brought in. Tii-jre were people who thought it was v/rong to play r.-hist for t:u. a cern.-r, auu they n:ii;lit just a? w-.ll try to stop that as to try and stop peoplo putting €] on th ; t^-tuii'A:or. From what ha kuow of tne Minister!? I btublo ho thcugii: they made a mistake in cutcrin? the Preziior for thu race. It was not s. race in his line, as he ha^ a ctro.ncr objection to olj3taeic3. Ko secii-id to start badly, a:s:l was inclined to run on, and would have, if it had not been for tho W.C.T.L*. tllly, who stuck to him, but as ho w-.rmud u:- tiie stiff ness went off, :tad he went prc-ttv \/oii, a-iu ho made a fuiriy go-A tiniMi, hut he tried to bolt. They had a better hone in their sta'ols in 'The Lisut..-n-u:.' Thry couid not put him wrong, whether it wa3 over hurdles or on thu flat, ilu is prerty s--eedy and a sjwd fencer — and anything reasonable be would tro j at. Cl.i'iho 2 dealt with pjrsons Dotting with people -under tw-.-nty-ono years of ajre. It would be diuicult to determine tha age because there wore young tn-.-u of eighteen with whi.-kers and mtiustaehe3, while others of t'.vonty-tivo had none at all. It wouid be no excuse for tho bottin:; man to say that ho did not know how old tba young man ww, and that lie thought that he was twenty-one. He would bo liable to a fino of £20 and over, while tbo person who made tho be: and who was under twoaty-or.o was only liable to a tine of £10. That was not fair; the penalty should be xrcat^r upon the you-.ii; man than the person who i-s:ted with him. The young man went to the bookmaker, aud if be did noc go to him thero would be no bet. The betting man did uot walk about and entice people to bet. lie stayed in ouo pluco and people came to him. It would be a different thin? if the bookmaker enticed people to bet. Clause 5 iie.-vlt with sweepstakes for fee or reward. (The Premier— ' That is paid agent.') It was not vory distinct, because if a person took a i.hare ha w&t; liable. (Tbe Premier — 'Not if h_- ueat iu with the others.') It would have to be better expressed. Ho was glad to sec that tho purso-trick and the three-card trick were to bs stopped. The puree-trick bad been carried on oa the racecourses for years, and it was a owiutilo. He saw some young fellows lost £1-) m Uori^r Town not long ago through it. The tbri'«-card trick was the quickness of the hand deceiving tbe eye. lie thought that the totalizator had been of great benefit to racing in the colony, aud had given a wonderful amount of employiucus to people. No one could deny tli.it it employed labour aud f-;ruiprs growing cjru, aud the position was not like it wa- before tho totalizator, when they hitd the bottinz ineu coui:n- over from Vic toria aud gtiii.' bi-k with i':),UU0 or £7,000 of o::r iirimy. l-r.der t'ue preacnt system those people who jii;e-i -.aciuir aad a large amount of plu^iiir', ami he did uot see why thoso persons who wanted to pat £1 on iho t. -t.nli/.ator sii-;uld not have tbe chance. It li;ul improvt.-d tho breed of horses. It had improved their racing, and tbat was .--ho\vi! by the iucrea--i-i attcudances they had at the ra-ei. If the Hon. A. Catt would only walV: d^wn the road near iho racecourse when a r:i?i- meeting was -m ho would seo tho uuiu'uor ut people who went down not u- but, but to nave tho (Treat enjoyment of saeing the horsei racioc. Thero were hUjo a number of institutions which benefited by tho per centages from tho totalizator. A largo amount was r.'prcaeati-d xs haviug gone through tho tot:i!iiator. and some people thought tbat the whole amount v.'ent through. On reflection they eon!d sco in a uiiauto that not one j ri'.r^tter of it really went through from ! year to year. (Mr. Burgoyne — 'It is only the winners who put - through again.') If tho hon. member would notice tiie larger amounts went-tbrough on the days when there were ajutll dividends, and not when thero were largo dividends. If tho.bon. member put a thousand pounds on the totalizator, ho would lose £73 in percentage on j the first race. He would get back only £923, ; and if he continued to put his total amount on for aix races he would come out at tho end of ! the day with only £MQ. The totalizator thus got £360, which1 was expended in improving the racecourse and in adding to the stakes Siren for each. race. He bad been on a race course since he was six years ? old, aud ho was j a member of about ten racing clubs. Tbe itotalixator had dono him no h'*m Every one who liked thu enjoyment should bo allowed to I spend their money as they liked, and those who f olt tbat it was an evil bad better keep away. . . ' ?.?.-?.. Mr. PEAKE uaid that inasmuch as this Bill was for the purpose of suppressing publio gaming as it affected tbo young people' of tbe colony ho favoured it, and would vote for its second reading. He thought tbat the Premier, : would admit that the measure was due to the woman in politics, and if tiiat was the case then he was pleased to see that .her influence was in the direction of swoeter mannera, purer laws. He w&3 very mocu in sympathy with the position taken up by Sir John Downer, that tbe need for this legislation had been provided by and was the logical outcome of the Totalizator Act, and that if it had not bean for tbat gaming could have been dealt. with as a common nuisance and checked by the Police Act. There was uo ueod to go into tbe whole question of gambling, for it was almost universally admitted to be an evil. The ethics of it bad benn very well put by tha novelist Richardson, who made - Clarissa Uarlowusay inonoof her letters — 'She should make her f rieud.; a very ill compliment if she supposed they would wish to be possessed of -what of right belonged to her. and sho should be very unworthy it she desired to make her self a title to what was theirs. High gaming was a sordid vice and invariably tho child oi avarice, and a direct breach of* that Commandment which forbids us to covet what ia» our neighbour's.' With respect to tho youotr. be thought that they should be protected from the seductive influences of gaming, for one of tbe worst things' tbat could I liappou to a boy or youth would be to win a. prize- in the totalizator or a heavy wager. It would lead him to think, that that was the short cut to wealth, and that the steady laborious paths of industry and perseverance wore to be despised. For that reason all public exhibitions of gaming were to be con detuned, and if youujr people would wager in M-ito of tbat it was a good corrective for them to know that public sentiment was aigninKt them, and that tboy wero acting in ? defianc-o of what was right. He . disagreed with the coaclasiou arrived at by Xtr. Archi I bald tbat all business was based on gambling. ? That was uot no, for legitimate business always allowed for an ad vaatage to both parties to a bargain, and although a large purchaser of whe.os might benefit greatly by a speculation, if that article had been bought j at market price, tho seller got its bresont , j value, and could trade with the capital. Tho j rcai ttbt waa the mutual advantage. In i uambhiie that one rni^ht win, the other mus: , ? lo.-e. lV-:.-3'oly it would not bo pCMihlu to refieal th-j Totalizator Act. and thai was ? I tK't propoct-d to Nj doao l»v t!::- ? j h:!l. l.-iz -.vLiist tiiat Act rrma-ued ! our :Cf;is*!r.:ioii a,j:u!i*t jraming wo;ild lc- lcic I ? in? iu tl;'1 ??e.-«ri:ti.i! vtrtti*i of -inconty or ' j :'i--rouyhui.-ia. To lecit-late ar:iin*t ganiin^ I 1 ua-l ;-.. allou- the tnt.-\ii.:jitor i.-. no i---.s ia.-^n ? ; sist».-»t ;!ian :* w--uld Le for t'::t» I'mu-o -?: I i Monaco to uay ^a::iblir.j; ia a vi-jo a:j'i the 1 p»-op!.- f»f uiv pri::-::p.ili:y -ha!! :iot in iaico in ;itMi»-iJe of M'.-use Carl'. Bu: :»5:cr xil i; ilhs.lT--1.--' r.«ini::t--d :ha: th« r::l«- c.-f a peoni-» ? jC.'-.-.iJ ii ?: b«.- i-an:-J n:i ;.-y rult-s oi I'.'-.r, ai:d ? ; we h.-nl v. «So ti.t- bi^t we '-'ould. V.'h.-.j k;ad ; : i-: s'aiidsrt is thai wLk-fi savs to '.?.? ;-. ! ! w*iTer in--idj a ct-rtain feuoo ii 1:.u-:-j1 *a::d ? ! ri£::t. to do t:;.- aaaio thint' out-i-.io :he I 1 paliujrs h uhImviuI and wron?': 'i\\- wa^-jr w;th Tho S;.-\rarJ- of tiio S.A.J.C i* a proper and ircutit'iuanly rhinp to d-j, b:»t 1 to do the .-a!!!*- tb:r.- in the strocS or .«hop 1 ; Htamps you a* a rocue a:iil a vagabond. Turf , i rlubs are aot clevatM into re«pr.-t?.bility ijj ? ! boia; made th? h-.uj* --f \r'.v.-z is vicious ej't^ ?I where: r»a tho c-intrary tiiat u-nds to make : ! them di-repurahln in the rc:u-J* ot ri^htthia!: 1 j i::g p- optc. The Pjpc-.ier wantod to purge \- ' patubiin? ot its !^v-v attractive features and to I j aiike i: na-peetrib*...-. and sosupp^rti-d Eo^-.rkc's I 1 view that vice io.-«t ha'.f its evil when io3io£ ?! ill its j»ros.«nos-. t-ut that Lid been cai!- a a ? ifailncy. This J'.-U p!a\cd iato tho hand* of i racing claw, for it.* t-tlt?7t would bi to fosus . wageririLr there, ano if people intend :.? ; isdulge then they must po to raco mcel 1 inc?. Eitcwhcre what wa3 ri^ht became ? wrong. Tbat also gave tbtj improssion tlia: ? pamint: was only for the wealthv, s:acc t the poor, perhaps fortunately, could no: jja \- into the enclosure and put their mouey in the 1 machine. He thought the Bill did unduly F restrict tbe liberty of tbe subject. For hu 1 { part he wouid prefer to see* tbe Totalizator .ct repealed, and perfect liberty allowed for ten .to wager as they liked, provided that the ractice did not become professional, in which u-o it should bo dealt with as a nuisance. In hat was regarded as essentially bad the tate should 'not give authority to act, nor liould they tolerate, but should act for the rotection of the young as regarded morals, nd leave the matured to act on their own litiative. He took up the same position with espect to a much graver matter, the social vil. The duty of tbe State was not to hunt ut the evil, but to prevent it from becoming rofessional, r.nd, abovo all, to guard the ounz from being ensnared by it; beyond hat no did not think it possible to go with ny chance of success. Uo had no great sgard for the work of tbo triumvirate who rero rcsponsiblo for this measure. It bad vidently been drawn up from the point of icw of obtaining convictions. Th-j age of wen ty -one, tixed by clauses '2. 3, and 4 as ouatitutinsr infancy, waa too high. When a ersou arrived az the age of eighteen oars hu or sho no longer required he protection of tho State. For graver iiieucoa the a^e was not, so hi.^h. ie objected to the power* given to the polico inder clause 7. Tliey were enormous and langerouf. It revived the detested practice if domiciliary visitation, since uo man's house i-ould bu safe, and he mcisi certainly objected o the Bill giving what w&s; equal to a general carch warrant. That aforetime odious and ob eetionablc thin? had l.-ecn dono away witli, and 10 would nos be in favour of bringing it to life I .£2 in. The police were not suddenly going to { ind out that placed v.ero haunts of earning. It vould bo eoav to get a special warrant; for carch, and for tue sake of preserving a iiuible bulwark to our li!v-rtiea he bluuld -ppos«» she teucral warraa: given iu clause 7. -luu-e S did appear to i;ive a uow authority to Le praH:bUtiou aud the Court, but before rcudeuiniu? it be would hear what had 0 he '?-id in its favour in Committee. JlauM 13 turaed our police force into a cacj | -f spies and iaformers, and subverted the 1 nethods by means of which prosecutions were isjilly carried on. The temptation put in { he way of the police was very u.idesiruUle. If I ho police oiiicer drew a pri/.o bo lai^ht be uduc.-d to keep quios, if he did no: back a vinuer he mi{;ht be induced to levy blackmail tudcr tho threat of prosecution. He did noc ay that the police force would stoop to such 1 thiup, but legislation should not put tempta ;ion in the way of the people. Witii respect j ;o tho purac- trick and other such devices j 10 wouid not protect tho fool in j :hose cases; ho was generally a bit )f a rojjae :ts well. Is was a good tinn-r for j neu to loans in a general way that if they J expected to get £3 for £1 thero was another .nrty to th« came who expected to get HI for lotbinir. and that invariably in such {.auies ;here was one man who won. la any ease it vas a kuavish game-. From the principle tiia: : ie had enunciated it would be made ciear that 30 did not regard this measure v.-i;n much Favour. So far as ic was for tho Drcrccti.iu of tho young he heartily supported it, but he would draw the line there' if he could have iis way. They ohould prevent' tho youtiij from forming the gambling hai.-it. Tiiaekeray ramewhere had said— '6^-.v aa act and you ruap a habit ; sow a habit and you will reap a character.' If feuch tots r.nd habits were not ?own uut.i years of maturity were reached :hon a froat deal would havo been done to form a character that was hoc so easily bus sspcibli to the evil of Kamis:; as that would be tvhich had been oiccpc-d in the practice and [tad become profu- ieat iu it from eariv years. Mr. SCIIERK gave Mr. Cats'aud Mr. jilbert every credit for their consistency, lie u^reoil with .Mr. Cats in many matters, but ha lisacreed with hiui in ot!ic.-.i. He aprecd that is wa.* highly desirable to have a Uiil to pre ceut children bottic^. but he dinaftreod with the opinion chat the totalizator should be tv rieale.1 aud the statement that the Bill did not ;o far enough. Tho Bill before the liou.-o trent a great deal too far. A.- one who had a ;reat deal to do u*itu the piloting tbrou-.-h tiie LIouso of tha ICaevcourso Kill he could prove tho cjurscs li:ul noi. dono harm, but hi-i bren af considerable advantage to many, lie did not upprovo of briiiiriu^ thif ?.?ill forwa.d at this timo »t tbo t.ission. They could have made inuoh uotter use of their time in d:s ^ussing other t:iea.-ures. Ho ruid the Karc Eoun-c Diil had b-.-cn of cnn.iid-.-rubie adviiti tage to mauy. A iar,'e numu-r ot tradespeople liad ruaped a precs betiutit ii:id-.-r it. The breed of horses had b-.-ou improved, and a iari;e numu.-r of iarai-.-rs near the city had -ituju benedted thereby. The members who had spoken bad not proved ibat any harm had Ijeea done by the present Act. The Premier had surprised him by raying that thero w.-w a larjr0 amount of betting in li.\sb Adelaide, fspecially in Gronfell-jtrect. Ho had been in GronfcU-street for the la»c twenty years, and ought to kuow it pretty well. He did uot s.*9 any gauibiiug iu that street. Hu thought the Pr'sniiL-r meant West Adcl-iido. and not Mime Adelaide. A man or woman who had reashed the ag« of eighteen should kno.v wlia: ho or sho was doing. The ajo of twenty-ouc, as fixed, waa too bi^.'i. Tbo pri.-T.i'r.i! to allow any constables to enter any orivuto residence without warning was un :.li3;irui:y ; it v.vnt too far. Tho goi:cr..i experience \va.-- th.-xc the more restrictions they placed on the jx-oplo the more the laws were brob-:-.. 'i'ii-.- inuro liberal the* made the law? uud tiie nic-o pla sures they allowed the f.eopif tu huvu tiie more law- abiding they were. Thu b\\-.i result of training children with hvrsuuo.-H waa mi illustration of what he uieunt. Whon tno Totalizator Bill wxs Dassod thu sUteaicut, as appearedin'*Han.--ard.'wa«mauctUat ti wouid not be repealed for many year* t-- ctur.o. TI10 provisions of that Bill were tiiorou^liiy -ti--- enssed then. The Goveraraeat's pr-pi^d :iovr was to only allow ic.-opU; who could ;it[ »rd &l; to out money on tho tot&iizator; .-.nd deprive persons who could afford only iea-ncr amounts of that pleasure — if it wore a'i-!e;u-,ure. That was not fair or just, lio La-i hc&rd; i; said,' and there was perhaps a pood deal of truth in it, tbat persons who naked small runs of money like 2s. on a rs.ee were better able to afford it than persons who bet £i-, and wbo often had to borrow the money, in Com mittee be would asust the Government as far as he coaid to atop children from gambling at all, and to close tho betting shops. He would like a clauso introduced to allow a few totalizator agents to be licensed by tbe Committees of tbe racing: clubs. The members of that Committee, being bum ness men, -would be careful that cu!y respectable men were licensed. They should allow a few man of that description on tha racecourses licensed by tho racing clubs or by the committee of Tatter»a!i's Club. He un derstood tbat a contleoian Mr. Kingston knew well was the Chairman of ih- committee of that club, he— meant .Mr. Jac-jlis. (Tbo Premier — ** An old friend and schoolfellow.') Suck a gentleman could bo well trusted tu select respectable rnen. (The Premier — 'No one is more entitled to respect than he.') Mr. Catt and Mr. Gilbert must no: forget that l»r-ot- sums of money had been hnndftri over to various philanthropic aud charitablo Societies by the r-icing clubs. Mr. GILBERT said his views in regard to this matter were pretty well known. Xo one could aay he had over boen actuated by other than conscientious motives. Hu was uot op posed to horseracing as a spcrt. If ho bad a good back himself be would like to ride cross country any time, hut hu objected to hon*-- racing being carried on as it was now for the purpose of gambling. It was n^t a question of the best horso or tho breeding, but the stake*. Very mauy of the people who attended races iveut to the racesourso cot to see the hones run so much a* to win money ou par ticular horses they fancied. Many years a*o there was a cry throuphout tho cJlony, »ad especially tho city, that bookmakers were enticing youu^ people to th_»ir ruin. :-ud thf- ro was an appeal for tho totalizator. It was thought that tho legalization of :!i^ tot»l!.-j^-.r would bo tho mean* or pu::in? down bcitin?. (Mr. Solomon — **'fh« prt-ani;.le of th-j liil! Stated so.'') Just j-o. There win a pretty funeral opinion expres.-5e»l that wish the totalizator legalized J^ttin^-.v.-.ulvl doerea^e. kndup--n tlia: opinion tho Livislaturn ^r.-.r::. -d the totalizator. and it was tri-.-d : hu: ic v.-*.s :'..:. -id thai ic rtij not do aw:iy with th-i b- ?? .k:nake-R eu'iruiy and tiiat b-iitini* itiercanwl a hnnlredfold. When h-j tuo-.--;d in :ii- maiter 111 t;ic IIuiim: h-j prov'.-^ c.-.iicluiivtly th.-i: a!-fi-»u--:i tl»o untii'mr'-f lr^rj!ciuak«TS ha-| clccrov-ied betting lijud i:uT--a.-'-d in a tr.mci.d -n ratio iu mfc'ard fj th- ly-oplo ou:r.:ii-. Ke £± ?.-«.- :lien*m-ot an in-tivt-.-u^l v.-ho »:iid v.-h.;n hb went 10 tti« raic.-o'.ir.-e tn-foru tho totalizator he did not b;t. i-.-.iJ that :v?t»-r it »n estahli«h:.-d !.;* neiirhlKjuro v.-oulJ a-k him j-i r-;it a iiovereijii on r\\!.-!t-.tij--iiio!i a h-»r-rfj. i l-j al*-i cited cases -»f y-Miu£ men iriai the eouni.-y who never had unytdiu^ 10 d ? with tho tk»kmaker, but who wiien O.'.s touilizator becama la-.v put b.-.lf & .???-vi re;eu 0:1 tho nischiae. with tne reiti'.t n.-a: '.' vas ti:«ir misfortune to win, for th--y r.vn: u ti:-.-ir homes «o:d tue youMi* t- ::--ws of tb-.» township of -.h«ir success, and they followed the example of th? other*. S rju aft»r L-.- entered i'Ar::aiucnt he earned t^.e e'cond reading of a itopca! liiil thrnuph tbo llou«a by a tuajori:v of one, bus it dropped. The next yeir, however, tbe Bill -.ras' e.-irrie-J. Tbe_ cousequencc was that in co-:rs-- of tim-J betun? decreased, and trie clu?is did no; bold their races. Tbe races dropped dircc:iy. The raciap community and tiioso «3«»nvn'jcd upon it cried out, 'The doinc; away ?vi;h tiie touiizator hiu nsineil us. There is no r.v?inp — tbare is no betting.' And aitcr ?..ard---. the totalizator was rrinvoti. Tha racic~ clubs and the supporters had not the maclice-s and courac? to keep up racing as a manly sport without it. * (Mr. Price— ' M-^ar. hes.r.') All ho could say wai thu: if a sport was not go 3d encash in its»lf. and ha-) not supporters pencr:us eno^icii to keep ic going v.-uhoat tomcthia^r else of that kiud to holster it up. it was noc worth anything. Many of tbovj who tirj-t supported the rerjeal of tbo totalizator found their business* decreasing, tha: money wan uot being circulated, and they turned round and said. ' We don't believe the totalizator is such a bad thing after alL** It was true that when a man's pocket waa touched his principles were often touched too. The totalizator was revived. It waa said, ' Allow it to be legalized and we will put »rtaiu conditions around it this time. We will help the charities of tbe colony. We will givo over tbe fractions to the good causes.' The consequence was tbat a club was started here and a club there, and a, great many clubs grew. 'J hey said the betting would not increase, but he held that it had increased a hundredfold. They fouud betting everywhere, in the homes, iu the shops, in the factories, and down all the streets. He was not speaking without book. If the thicg were good hy all means let it exist; if ic were injurious stop is altogether. If it were good let thero be free exercise for the young people to indulge in it. But no; they were asked to legalize bettiug in certain limits. Restrictions were of no use. The injury would uevor bo done away with until they destroyed tho very foundation— the totalizator. Although he liked to sea rccin*. sooner than allow it to exist and have h:s pleasure gratified ho would do away with whatever kept it goin? if ho knew that* it was the means of ruinins; the coiieiunity aud the younj; people. These social questions wers of th); greatest tnom&nc; ac present. Ho was talking of this thicg from a broad — not from a uarrow religious— standpoint. If is were le^al, richt, and ju^t for uicn to gatabioon tho racecourse they could not fairly place restricticcs on otuor people away from the course. Ho admired cricket and other games, but if the satnbliair clement prevailed in coaucotiou with them as it did ia horse racing they wuul'i bu a source of peril. Because cricket was fr« from this element it could on indulged in wi:ii greater free dom end benefit by the yo.iag people, lie had supported and iadulgod in c:i:o --3, aud ho said that if a game -.va^ uot pood enough aud interv-tiiii; enough in itself ho would noc have it &t; all. He suv/no need for attaching tho b:*:tiag elemene ' to the great sportd of our country. Uo honoured tho Promier for taking up the iuat:c-r, because he believed he w.i3 dciinz it in ail honest sincarity, and w.-.s e:idea.vouriup to cope with a ivell-known eviL Our streets as tho pr&sont; time were duns ot gambling, lie said that advisedly. Hckuewof a so-called club, with practically no restrictions on its meiaber.Hliip, when* information as to horses and their pedigrees wad posted and everything provided to encourage people to bet — to par in a certain sum of money and take a certain .'.mount of risk. Tho thin? was worked cleverly and quietly, and the club had hundreds and hundreds «.-f members. Wh-.n tiicy remembered tho difficulty of Retting convictions, and how iho pjlics were hampered by technicalities, they ruu^t recog nise thru dr.-.stic measures were necessary. True, an Englishman's houae should be his ca.-;'.!e, hut in regard to licensed hotels and othar piuccs it was considered wi«e to make an oxecptioa to that rule. (Mr. Handyside— 'Th-js^ are public places.') Extraordinary measures were needful in vi«w of the tremcu doui naturo of the evil to be grappled with. They were dealing with an execediugly dangerous aud difficult subject. Ue had touched principally on the totalizator because he had had so much to do with it, and had suffered for it, too. He had been attacked in tho public Pre*3 and bad been opposed in bis constituency on account of his attitude towards it : but ho was prepared to go through ten times more than he hadyet done for any principle that he believed in. Ho respected the opinions of hon. members, end he asked them to show him any reasonable and ju3t cause why they should support a gambling uiachine when they knew tbat it was the foundation ou which tho gambling evil rested. Mr. McOONALD congratulated the House on tho able and calm way in which the Bill had been debated. Ho attributed the good spirit that had been manifested to the excel lent treatment of thu subject by the Premier in introducing tho Bill. They wcro a little spasmodic at times iu their legislation, and there v.-as a dauprr of (roinir from oue extreme to tha other over this question. Some amend ment was uecossary in tho gaming laws, but ho cx-ukl hurdty go the full leugth of the sweeping measure proposed in the Bill. When the Ijill enacting tho totalizator was pj,«cd he opposed it, and argued tbat gatnbiiu? should bo left to th-; police to deal v.-i:h. Tho contention then was, ' Establish the totalizator, aud ytm removo_ the book maker.'' Thu u.-e of the machine- had not justitied thas ar^nnu-n:. Tho bookmaker was still able to go ou v.ith bis work us lively as ever. Did tha Premier thiuk h« could remove tho bookmaker by means of this Bill': (The Premier— ''I thiuk so.') The bookmaker was the diliicu't y. At the presant time iie wjk- ono or' the pruatr.it tompters to gaaibiinp. and he was ready to mako bats on credit with youn-; peaolc. who sometimes .«avcd up the muney, r.nd at oth-jr times perhaps got it from thoir employ orb' tilla. Mr. lii!'c--rs was evidently unaware that thero was hardly a manly sport carried on now without the gambling element. At a cricket match ono ojuld not movo ten yards without 1 s«.-ins: liiat sweeps were be!n.r promoted. Catiihiiu,; !ir.d pprvad to football, cricket, cycling, and other sport*. Little wonder that the y-jurit; pooplo adopted the practices of tiu-ir eiders in _ theso matters. Ono or t.vo memoers desirod to repeal the :o:ali/.ator. Ho thought it would b-j a. great niistxke to do :.hat. If they were goini; to try j toco:itinc U-::in^ to the racecourcec ii would be a foolio'u chit:..' to abolish the machine. It I v.-as i!iip-j-si--!'! for any Parliament to prevent i guuibjili;. What they ouicht so do was to try j to minimi*? is as far as possible. By thas j mcjuis they might considerably reduce the j t'.-iuu'.ations to the practice. He hoped thov ( would, as far as possible, close tbe *' tote1* shops and abolish bookmakers and betting j .Taunts, and confine gambliug entirely to the ? totalizator. He did not tlunk they should i prevent trorkiuc men pcttisg Ss. or 2s. 6d. (ou a race. They might wail provide for i chance* in a totalizator for thoso amounts, j The Ptomior must admit that his definition of ' voung people at twenty -one was far too old. ! Young men of twenty-one wero married and had families. Tho atp» of eighteen was a good beginning, and if they found that was too young he would be happy to increase it. Ha was pleased that the purse-trick and the three card trick were included. One could not visit country Shows without seeius bow tha {country people were tricked. Perhaps tbe I country people niifrat not be as smart Jm others, and the tricksters tempted them und went away from the Shows with a great deal of money tboy bad not honestly earned. He was totally opposed to clauses 7 and 8. Tbe Premier should have gone a stop further and included Church fairs and bazaars. The members of Churches bad approached the Premier and asked him to do certain things, but they did not come with a. free hand, and at bazaars things were carried on as objectionable as those things carried on in the streot. They should dean tne dirt away from their own doors before they came and asked for the other thing!. Tho tote siiup3 aad betting iu the streets were tbe greatest matters in the Bill. He congratu lated the Premier for introducing tbe Bill, and, while he would not go for the whole Bill, thore was sufficient in it to make it a good measure. Mr. WOOD moved tbe adjournment of the debato. . ' Negatived. Mr. WOOD said the whole Bill was not directed against gambling, but it was to con tinue the sanction given to the totalizator, and to punish those who bad not the means to invert in the totalizator and take advantage of what the State bad sanctioned. He would not be a party to a Bill tbat was not just all round. Tbo Bill was to prevent tbo masses from crambiinc and allow tbe rich further op portunities to gamble. Tbe Bill said gambling was a good thing for the rich, aud if it was sood for tho rich it was gyod for the poorer classed. Gambling originated by the rk-li claiMjs, who thought they were rcoro knowing, aad could take down the poorer classes, and the totalizator wan brought in. The inequality of the Bill should mako hon. members think it should not be passed. Uo recr rotted the daily Press circulated tho infor mation which gave au impetus to ra'jajj. By tbe Hill the people who could afford to 70 into thu racccuur&e; aud put £1 iu tiie totalizator w-.-o good people, bat the man who lacdp a bat for In. was to bo dragged to tho Polite Court. The totalizator wa^ dtfinorruiziiifr the rising ponetatiun, and m-si drawing the- youths away from the Churches mi-1 degra-iir.^ t!:u:a. It was the worst inittrnai-michiutf tiiat -.vasover itr.cuted. The Premier said it was only jraraMinp when the man co'.;!d t-os nrf--:u tjlt--« tue cioucy, bu; th(- ri'-h ver* '-::ca g^ahit-d with c.;Lcr jifV'p:«'8 luouey. They were fioi.-.K to buil-! 1:0 a race of baa:-p?r-. aad who mt»s iL'o-ti£ tu do the work of th* e^:iiinuuitv wbvii they all pave them '!vt-:« up to yanibliti^*? it wa, deeply t.- be regretted. Were tii'.-y t-j build up a iistii n 0:1 t!i*t kiud o: morality? Tiioy found th.-'* !iO!Cv-o wcr-- h--'.u^ v.-re?k*!il br so =ie me:aOL-i- ot iho tamily w.!,o had done .'.-jmetiiing wrocg for tiio purpose of pOktin? in'iaey to imo: on thu tutali/Mrtr. (Mr. Prici — 'Tho totah/ator dc*-s not in trca*o the ff.-uubling spirit. '- Siiicu tb-- Machine came intoturce :Lv race met-tiags hud increased from a few a year to oau nL-arly cvery week. Uo did cut call bookmakers men whu would Iwt with chiidrtn. I.Mr. Price — 'Wha; do they do in taa Ibiinpton s!i:-p-':'.» Ilu v.-xs not well verged in thu*t thicks. (Mr. Price — 'You kno-.r what i* earned on.'i If the hon. member knew what wc.3 goiuz on he ou^ht tj tufurm the heads of the department about it. (Mr. Solotcoa —'Oh, they takv a chanc-i.'') !I^ regretted the pa^inj: of the Tutultr.ator Act, aud that gaiabliag had i:icrea--ed. lie did uct wir.t a man in pnvat-: c!othvs jaoiDiiif through his vrindoiv 10 interfere wkh his family if they were having a friendly garon of cwJv or domincK-s. If a man rame to him like that he would feel incliced ro trrat the ietruder ? (Mr. Sjlomon— 'Makea spo«cii at him.') If hediuthattheintrudurwoutdbem. dined to stop, and he wanted tcdrivehim away. Gambling was a bad thing and out;bt to he abolished altogether, and the Premier should have had enough bsckbono to bring in a Bill to sweep away gambling. He would than have helped him. and even if clauses 15 and 16 were struck out the present Bill would be all right. The Premier was afraid of offending those who sat in high places. The racing clubs ltd brought their influence to bear ts they wanted a monopoly. Was ;bat right or just? It was not, and it would mly tend to aid gambling faster than ever. Lt seemed very poor democracy to puuish the noor man with the 2s. tid.. and say to the wealthy man 'It 13 all right; go on.' The reason the totalizator did more h.-.rai than any -ther sort of gambling was becauso it was done spenlj. Those who did not has were tempted co put thoir money in the machine when thoy jot to the racecourse. When he rjad the P.ill through at home these words camo into hi.s dead— 'Great aud mysterious are thy ways, oh. Democrat of Democrats, and thy per version of justics.'' Both classes were becoming addicted to the evil habits of gauiblhiir. A' a parent ba found it difficult to keep his children to go straight, even by setting them a good example. (Mr. Peake — ''They follow our vices and 'not our virtues.'') They might limit the a.ire and keep down e^mbliue, but they could but do it if the old onus did it. The children would follow in the footsteps of the lathers. If soniinhins; could be done which wouid apply equally to ?U classes he would v.-illinglr assist in passing the measure. The fact that the race clubs gave their fractions to charities should not wei^li very much with the House. If pnid a;ont3 were not allowed why should I'm proprietors of the totali zator, who wero paid agents, be allowed to deduct 7'. per cent.? There wura men who had occupied good positions who had be_-u tompted by the possibilities of making a good haul to t&ke; their employers' money. It w.\s impossible for thoso who believed in gambling to realize wbac it meant to the risiu~ generation. _ Tho --e who _ became ad dicted to gambling in their youth would not be tit for much elso afterwards. Mauy men had beon crippled for life or killed. It was time tuey pus down thd sport altogether from that point'of view. The SPK AivKR— The question of who rides horses at horsoraces has no thins whatever to do v.uli the Bill. Mr. WOOD said it was a shame tbe people of this colony «et such a bad example as they did by supporting a machine which had greatly increased gambling. Garabline should ba put down altopether— if tbe Premier would not help to do so he hoped some one would be fou u- 1 who would. The Bill was one-sided and unjust ; it should be called a Bill for per mitting a c*rtaiu few to continue the gambling which had been going on in the pass and pre vent the poorer class from enjoying the Fame privileges which the richer classes had. It was a class ni-i.asiirp, and he would do ail he could to prevent its passing unless the Government would make it apply all round. Mr. MOODY bad bnd very little experience on the subject. He found that it wus upon subjects they knev/ little about that they could say most. He had only been at two race meetings uear Adelaide in his life. Mr. Glynn bad shown that in the days of tbeir forefathor-i (rambling was a great deal worse sbau it waa uow. At the same timo he did not believe in enconragiug gambb'n?. He did not think they should have legalized gambling, but no member had shown that if tho totali zator was abolished thing3 would be any better. They were no buster in .Melbourne than Ade laide. Ho Agreed in thu main with tho seu biblo remarks of Mr. Poake. Eighteen years should be the limit, uot twenty -one: they allowed youths when eighteen to take up land and as3U~me all tho responsibilities in connec tion with it. He objected to the powers to break doors, -fcc, sought to bo conferred upon tbe police. In clause 7 he would uher the words ' without any warrant or authority other than this Act' to read ' with a search warrant and legal authority under this Act. ' In clause 9 he would strike out from 'Act' in lino 4 down to ' Act' in line 7. Ho would strike out clause 12 altogether, as tbe Bench should havo discretionarv powers. On the motion of Mr. CALDWELL the debate was adjourned until Thursday, No vember 4. MODEL CITRUS ORCHARD. On Order ot the Day Xo. 5— That in the opiuion of this Houso it is desirable that tbe Government should establish a model citrus orchard in the District of Encounter Bay' — being called on Mr. CALDWELL intimated that it was Mr. O'Malhty's wish tbat the Order should bo read and discharged. The* PREMIER (Right Hon. O. C. King ston) accordingly moved that the Order be read and discharged. Motion agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. Tbe House at 11.3 p.m. adjourned until Thursday, November 4, at 2 p.m. 