TEE RECORD RE1QN CELE BRATION. AT DUNORLAN. Tlio. long roign of Hor Majesty seems to linvo butm celebrated nt Dunorlun with a whulo-lieartednesB that might well bavo boon followed by peoplo in largor centres, judging from tlio following, kindly sup plied by a correspondent : — Tlio morning oi cno zzmi uroito brigut and fair, nut a cold wind was blowing, which continued until ovening, ivlion it calmed down nicoly for tlio night's amusements. At an early hour peoplo began to arrivo nt the cricket ground, but it was somewhat dump from tlio previous dny's rain. Many of tlio members of a good strong working com- mittao wore on tho spot to recoivo the youthful visitors nna their grown-up patrons, a ladies' committee taking pos session of tho pavilion, whence they dis pensed refreshments to both old and young, in tho most libornl mnnnor. Tlio children attending tho different schools in the district wero brought on to tho ground in clinrgc of tlioir respcctivo tonohors, who Boomed to tnko no small pride in tho juvonilo brigndo. About 100 trees had boon kindly presented to tho comniitteo, who prococdod to plant a few, but, on account of tho state of the ground, tho planting of the romnindor hnd to bo doforred to n mora favorablo opportunity. Meantime, and to make tilings lively, a scratch costuino football match was sat on foot, which was no doubt tho most enjoy able bit of fun of tho day. Many of tho costumes adopted were most grotosquc, causing roars of laughter, tho antics of some of tho playors also recoiving much npplauso. About .2 o'clock tlio children formed up, nnd, under ablo leadership, sang tho Nntionnl Anthem with great spirit and in good tinio. Immediately after a tiring party wns organised under Mr W. Burlto, who cortainly appeared to have no Bincoura in his command, if one might judgo by tlio number of random shots lot off by one onthusinstio "slioot- ist." Tho shooting at an end, nnd many expressing their satisfaction that it had terminated without somo fatality, tho children sang,' " God bless tho Prinoo of Wales," una woro dismissed to enjoy thomsolves as they plensod, cnch wearing a medal. By this time a considerable crowd bad collected, nnd as ovening was closing in preparations wero soon in full swing for the illuminations and fireworks, of which a i liberal supply had been sent from town tlirouigh tho kindness of Mr and Mrs Rcid, A largo number of Ohinoso lantorns had also been provided, and these were distributed about, tho railway station, goods Hhed, and pavilion looking remarkably well when darkness set in, A liugo bonfiro lit up tho cricket ground nnd surrounding hills, and just as the I! p.m. train was steaming out of tho station the first rocket shot up into tho heavens to a great hoight, exploding brilliantly. Then, for fully an hour, a pretty display of fireworks was kept up, to. tho no small cnjoyinont of ourgnod folks, old ns well as young. Tlio goods shod, having been kindly plncod at tlio disposal of tho committee by tho General Manager of Railways, was decorated vory tastefully and fitted up as a concort room, with stugo nnd all accessories. A vory woll painted marino viow, witli lighthouse nnd vessels in the distanco, was hung u> ! nt tho rear of tho stage and looked romari - ably woll, reflecting, as it did, groat croc 1 on our local artist. At 8 o'clock t..u anxious crowd wns admitted, filling overy availablo inch of stnnding as well as sitting room. Mr James Griffin was unanimously voted to the chair, and ably officiated in carrying out a long programme. An in strumental item, "Grand rnaroh," from "Norma," opened the proceedings. Then enmo "Rule Britannia by a strong ohoir, followed by songs, botli senti mental and comic, interspersed witli reci tations and instrumental selections, all being nicoly rendered, and many of tho items heartily encored. Two farces wero also staged, ono, with an exceedingly well- developed ghost character in it, causing great amusement. Tho othor farco also ovoked roars of laughter. Ten o'clock having arrived tho audionco roso en inasso, nt tho invitation of tlio chairman, nnd sang tho "Old Hundrcth" psalm, after which "God save tho Queen" was given, and thon Mr Griffin rcquestod his hearers to koop their places, when coffee and cake wore handed round by the committee ns well ns such a packed room would permit. Tho good thingB having disappeared, tho largest gathering over collected at Dunorlun, nnd ono that will long bo remembered for its thorough enjoyablonoss, dispersed, nfter singing "Auld lnng syne." 