THE ROYAL GHOST. TnK White Lady has appeared in tho Royal palace at Berlin, and consternation, ill con cealed, possesses tho soul of every inmate from the humblest servitor in the Imperial household to the Emperor himself. This is a historic ghost, it is no old woman's tale, neither is it tho imagining of a trombling person or of affrighted children. Histories and encyclopedias record it and tho evonts its nppearance portend. It always presages tho death of a member of tho Royal House of Hohenzollcrn. ' Brewster's Roaders' Hand Book,' page 1098, edition Lippin- cott, 1880, says: — "Tho White Lady is a ghost seen in the different castles and palaces belonging to tho Royal family of Prussia, and supposed to forebode tho death of somo member of the Royal Family, especially one of the children. Tho last appearance whb in 1879, just prior to tlie death of Frinco Waldemar.' Twice" she has been heard to speak, in December, 1623, when she appeared at the palace at Borlin, and said in Latin, ' I wait for judgement,' and once at the castle of Nowhans in Bohemia, when she said to the Princess in German, ' it is ten o'clock,' and thd lady addressed died in a few weeks.' Chambers' Encyclopedia, Appleton's, tlie Brittania's and tho Nouveau clictionnaire ot Encyclopedique, by Jules Trousset, all make extended reference to this historical ghost. No one with knowledge of the facts scoffs at tho appearanco of the apparition. It is n national conviction. It is shared alike by statesman and anarchist. By one the White Lady is feared with an instinctive and yet a childish dread, by the other she is hailed as tho implacable enemy of kings. Some nights ago, so tho report runs that comes from Berlin, one of the Court Chamberlains was returning down the long corridor of the palace, when suddenly before him arose, as though through tho substantial tiled floor, the stately figure of a queenly woman. The figure wns clothed in a dress of pure white, the hair wns low upon the forehead, one hand rested upon licr belt about the waist, and tho other was slightly raised, as though in admonition or warning. The Ohamberluin recognised the apparition at once as that of the White Lady, and shrinking into a niche in the wall lie tremblingly watched the historical terror as she glided past him and melted into the darkness at the further end of the corridor. Unlike the female that has played this part several times in the past, the present lady carried no keys, but came empty handed, and looked ominously severe. She glanced neither to tlie right nor to the left, nnd floated rather than walked into obscurity. The Cliamberlain was greatly frightened, and, trembling violently, he made his way as quickly as possible to where tho court otlicials were gathered, and con veyed to them the uwful news. It required only a few minutes for tho startling infor mation to travel through the entire palace, and the alarm it occasioned can be but slightly appieciatod by those who were not present as witnesses of the excitement that followed. The Emperor himself was told of the affair ill its minutest dctuils as soon as he arose the following morning, and he immediately ordered extra guards to be stationed about the palace, and all the attendants were strictly enjoined to seize any Whito Lady or other intruder that might be detected prowling about the building. Evidently the Emperor is not a believer in ghosts. But whether William 11. is or is not sufficiently strong-minded to set aside the traditional scarcecrow of Ins family and dis courage the perpetuation of superstition, the appearunce of the White Lady is uncanny and prophetic. History tells of her various appearances, mid historians vouch for the truth of the tales. During four hundred years the legend of the White Lady lias been associated with the history of the Hohenzollenis, anil each visitation of this gruesome spectre has invariably been closely followed by the death of Home prominent member of that family. In 1879 she antici pated the death of Frinco Waldemar by just fifteen days, and it was stated at the time, although the report was suppressed, that she was seen in tho palace shortly before the death of both the late Emperor William and Emperor Frederick. Who is threatened by the present visi tation it is impossible to say, for while history tells us it has been a summons for the ruling sovereign in the majority of instances, it has not invariably been so, and victiniB of lesser consequence have several times been warned of thrir danger. 1 You mustn't be saucy, Fanny,' said the maiden nunt to the little girl. 'No one will1 love you if you are.' ' Were you saucy when you were a little girl aunty V asked the guileless child. 