A GREAT WRONG; OR, THE fMYSTERY OF BLACII HOLLOWV G7.4NGE. CHAPTER II.-CONTrnrDn. He turned to the lounge and looked at the face of the child. Clotilde crept a step nearer and looked down upon the pretty face; it was cold and still; but a faint color presently came tothe cheeks, and she could see the eyelids quiver. The monther's heart stirred with an infinite pity and tenderness. ' 0:+, Andrew,' she cried, clasping her but band's armea, 'he is alive. I will do all you ask, only rpaare the boy, and let him go hack to my sister." " That he may appear by-and-bye, like the hero of a novel, an I wrest my title and my wealth from ne t " he answered, with a hoarse lanuch. "No. I'm un-t such a fool as that. 1'11 make everything secure as I go." "But, Andrew, no one knows. Oh, for Heaven's sake I do not stain your sonl with murder," implored plnr Clotille, in agony. His face whitened andl is lips twitched. IHe was not wholly cruel; but he steeled his soul against the pea:iinigs of his better nature, and turned upnu her with the faceof a riend. "SilenceI Woman, rem.mber your onth I" he thundered. "The dead tell no tales. He shall die I" She cowered away from him, and he took up the body of the child, rolled it in a binn ket, and left the room, with thebundlein his Cloti!de stooand while andl breathless for an instant, then she clutcheid at her shall, wound it about her Iha al, and foalowed him out into the dark rainy night. She reached the banks of the Loire even beore he dit, so swift she flew, and crouch. ing beneath thelaw-drooping branches, waited and watched. lfe came on. his step crunching upon the sands. le approached the shore, half-a-dozen yards from her hiding-place, lowered his bnur den, and looked canutiously around. The dreary sands were silent and dark, but from below came the mul!td beat of oars. There was Ino time to lose. tie rlated the ighat Dunoleand hurled Ittar out into the dark stream. As the body struck the water, the guilty man turned and fled like one escaping with his life. Olotilde arose like a spectre, straining her eyes over the black rippling tide. "I must save him," she murmured. n Holy Mother, do thou help me I" Then she plunged in; she was a fisherman's daughter, and in hergirlhood could swim like a fish. She had not forgotten the art now. She struck out for the place where the body went down, her eyes watching every ripple with agonising eagerness. Presently she uttered a tremulous cry, for something arose to the surface just beyond aer. "Holy Mother, help mel" she breathed again, as she darted towards it. A few more strokes and she grasped the rising object, and, panting, she made her way to the shore and was soon safe upon the sands. Uttering prayers with every breath, she tore away the blanket and lifted the ehild's head to her bosom. " He hreathes I he lives I" she exclaimed. "'The water has restored him to conscious. ness I" She rained tears and kisses'on the little white face. "My darlingl Oh, thank Heaven, I have saved my husband's soul from the sin of murder I" The dip of oars was now heard, She wrapped the child in the dripping blanket, clasped him close to her panting bosom, and then laid him softly down upon the moist, warm sands. ' Help I help I " she cried. "Then, as a boat's keel grated on the shore beyond, and the sound of voices came to her ears, she bounded up and darted through the rainy darknesns like a lapwing. And the little lad, the wail of the wreck, all stunned and wounded, and half drowned, yet still alive, lay abandoned by the brink of the swift-flowing river. Clotilde sped on over the sodden fields with a strength and endurance almost super human. lher cottage was closed and silent when she reached it, yet site quivered with terror as she crept to the door, lesther husband should have returned. Despite her terror, however, she entered, for within, in his little cot-bed, lies herson, the one child of her wedded love; and no peril, no danger could cause her tofor. sake him. She crept in and found that her husband was still absent. Looking down upon the sleeping boy a swift thought came to her. She would take her child and run away, no mat ter whither, sosae could escape from her mad husband. Swift as lightning she tore off her wet gar. ments and put on her best apparel; then she took the sleeping boy in her arms and darted towards the door. She was out, and the summer rain was fall ing on her throbbing head before she remem. bered her oath, never, under any circ",m stances, to desert her husband. A piteouscry came from herashen lips, and she reeled like one in a faint. " I swore by the crucifix," shemoaned; " I dare not break my oath." Her husband's laugh of exultation answered her. "No, you dare not break it,"' he repeated. "You are a dead woman if you ever do. Take the lad into the house, and bestir yourself ; we have n ?n:.- to lose." She obeyed him without a word; and before break of day they were on their jour. ney. CHAPTER IV. THE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. "' Lenore, my dear, I have good news for yJout this morning." Miss Trrvethan arose lazily from her fao- rite sofa ilt the recess of the bay.windowand closed her book. The very handsomest young lady in all London, the belle of the gay season that was only just over, and an heiress in her own right, this was Miss Lenore Trevethon, Sir Geoffrey Trovethon'da ward and kinswoman. The baronet bowed gallantly as he drew forward a chair. "Good news, my dear," he repeated, sub-h. bing his shapely white hands together; "en. cellent news i Come, now, can you guess what it is " Theyounglady's wonderful blue eyes dark. en'd, and she brought down her dainty fooe a trifle impatiently. "No; I shall not try. I am not good at guessinu, Sir Geoffrey. If you have anything to tell tint is worth hearing, pray speak out at once. My book is 0o eutetatmang, and it is very provoking to be interrupteld." Sir GIeoffrew smiled graciously on his im. perious young ward. Of all guardians that ever existed he was the kindest and most for. beating. From her childhood pretty Miss Trevetoon had reigned and ruled like a queen. STrue enough, my dear. But whenonoe has ge~l news, you know. .So you won't guess I Well, weil, t must tell youl liechmond is coming home." 3ios Trevethon threw bhad her graceful head, and laughed until the room rang with eilver echeos. " Well, nomv, Sir Geoffrey, that is too good a joke. Ilichmond coming homel Why, he has bree doing the self-same thing for the last t:elre months or more." "So he has, Lenore. lie is a sorry dog, as Itold him in my letter. " I don't wonder that you are indignant. Indeed, the wonder lies in yourentremeforbenrance." "~ly forbearance, Sir (iGeoffrey ? Blessyou, sir, there is no need for forbearance1 Rich. mondl could not please me better than by .laing away. I only hopehe'll make a trip to the antipodes before he reaches Eng land." The baronet Iangned with genial good humor. A pleasant, handsome, goodhumored gentlieman is dir Geoffrey, thirteenth baronet of his line, alneit his brow is furrowedl and his hair growing gray-a favorihe wn a, who know him, especially with the ladies. A dozen times he might have chosen a wife from the fairest and best born women In thie land since his accession to the ba. ronetcy; for some cause he had seen fit to rmain a wvidower. Snome say lthat ayouthful fl;ly, which caused so much trouble between him andl his deal father, curedl him forever of iall thoughits of love: others hint that he lives loyal and true to the one woman for whose sake he reignedl his noble birth right; that his heart is buried in his wifeo's far-away grave. At all events the baronet is not married, though his chances have been tempting, For something over half a score of years he has worn thu honors of his noble race, and led a A law to do away with the hligh hat nul eane in theatres is proposed in America, genial, hospitable life at the ancestral man. sion, Lyndith Hall, an upright, honorable gentleman, a Christian, and a pbilauthro. pist; a man widely beloved and universally trusted But for some reason his fair ward and kins. woman has never thorough!y liked her guar. dian, though she has lived under his roof so many years. She obeys him ; or, to tell the truth, he obeys her, for the pretty, spirited creature has a will of her own, and Sir (leof. frey sellers her to have her way, and indulgols all her caprices. lie only cont:ols her im mense fortune. Of that Lenore is utterly ignorant and equally idiflleent. She only knows that she will forfeI t it-all the flue old estates and the immense Trevethol wemlth - if she fails to marry Sir Geot. frey's son before she attains her twenty tliat year, and being pa'sionately fond of elegance, an I anse, a :,r Ixury, lIs4 lT'revetl:on has tro drearm ut forfeiting her right to her queenly her.tage. She well knows the conditions of her poor father's will, has known them since herchihlt. holos. She knotws, too, that years ago, when she was scarcely more than a baby, she was most solemniy betrothed-indeed wcldded to her cousin Richmond. From the neat gold chain that glitters on her white bosom the tiny symbol of that childish marriage still hangs. In his last will, her father implored his only and dearly beloved daughter not for any cause to set aside that childish marriage, but in obedience to his life-long wish. to become her cousin Richmond's wife. Failing to obey his wishes, Miss frevethon forfeils her right as heiress, and the Trerethon fortune goes to a remote scion of the family, andsheand her cousin are both left prnniless. But Mliss Trerethon has no thought of dis. obeying her dead father's lhst wish and will. She holds that marriage of her childhood sacred and binding: the tiny betrothal ring glitters on her bosom, and when Richmond comes home she will marry him. Her guardian knows this well, and, trust. ing to her integrity, allows her unbounded freedom. Since her return from the French convent, where the better part of her youth had been passed, her life has been a series of successes. tHer first senason was a triumph, and she has received some of the very best offers that Bllgravia can afford. An earldom with its tempting coronet has been laid at her feet, and she has rejected it, as she rejected all the others' When Richmond comes home she will be. come his wife, and make him master of her splendid heritage, the heritage so rightfully his own. irichmondlingers abroad, has lingered for years, with the fairest and richest bride in wide England, awaiting his comling. But Lenore is by no meanus impatient; she ratter dIreads his return than otherwise, she loves her girlish freedom so well. She knowslittle of the man who was her boy-.bridegroom, and is to be her future husband, for they have seen each other only at long intervals, and very brief periods. What he is or is not she thas had little opportunitiss for learning, yet,de. spite her repugnance, her utter indifference, when he comes, she will obey her dead father's command, and become his wife. The baronet knits his brows a trifle darkly ather laughing response, but his answeris en. tirely pleasant. " Well, well, he is certainly on his way to England this time. We may look to see him any day now in a week's time, and once here," he adds, with pointed gallantry, "he will never care to leave again." 2o whten fatternng assertion the young lady makes no response whatever; but her chaperon, and the baronet's bosom friend, Lady IHalstead, rising from another sofa, taps her jewelled snuff.box, as she remarks : " It is most devoutly hoped he will not, for the good of all concerned, myself especially. The sooner he gets here, and the sooner the legal wedding is well over, the better I shall be pleased." " ?ay I ask why ?" questioned the young lady, serenely. The dowager shuts her snuff-box with a sharp snap. "Yon ask why, as if you didn't know. Why, I shall be as gray as a rat in another month or two if I don't get you well off my hands. Catch me in such a fix again I there's not a day in the week, Sir Geoffrey, out she throws me into a fever with her fol ,ies. She is the very maddest madcap outside tf Bedlam." Miss Trevethon shrugs her white shoulders .n imperial scorn, and the baronet only ,miles. The dowager toys with her snuff-box and •ontinues : "And now, in view of Richmond's return .nd the approaching wedding,I want to know, .n the name of common sense, if you do not ,ntend to abandon that absurd trip to the Highlands 1" Sir Geoffrey, for answer, merely bows to. ,ard his ward, She lifts her radiant glance irom her open book. "Our Highland trip cannot be abandoned," she replies. "We shall leave Lyndith Hall within an hour." ",As the queen wills,"responds the baronet, with a second bow. It is part and parcel of his policy to indulge his fair ward in all her whims, and this trip to the Iighlands is one of them. "As the queen wills," is his gallant answer to all her requests; he only asks to manage her vast fortune according to his own will. Lady IIalstead tosses her pet poodle, Bijon, from her lap in pure vexation, and the little animal fies whimpering to the shelter of Lenore's arms. "As the queen wills I Well, Heaven he nraised, the queen's reign will soon end, ,n. less Richmond Trevethon is as great an idiot as his father. I'll make it my business to give the young man a hint or two when he arrives." And she nods severly toward Lenore, her black eyes twinkling with a grim humor that softens the asperity of her speech " I'll go to my room and make ready for the journey. We will go, and grill, and starve, and sleep on the ground like cattle, and mix with barbarians, because the queen wills and before a week ends the queen will come home, heartilysick of her folly and with her complexion finely tanned for her wedding. day." a ly weadng.ay l ' repeats Lenore, tos. sinag aside her book and stroking Bijou's silken ears. "I'I'm sick of thesound of it already. Dear, dear, Ido wonder where the barbarous custom of marryine and being given in marriage ever originated ?" "Why, in the Garden of Eden, to besure," laughs Sir Geoffrey. "I only wish it had ended there," re. torts his ward. "Pray, Sir Geoffrey, ring the bell, and I'll have Clotilde come and dre5 me." Sir Geofrey rings and bows low to his ward, as if she were indeed a queenand him. selt her mostdevoted subject. And within an hour a large party leaves Lyndith Hall for the Scottish hills. Sir Geoffrey's party have been in the neigh borhood of the baronet'a shooting.box some days before Lenore sees her way clear to an. complish the object she had in view, when she planned the excursion. It is a glorious morning, the air'pure and bracing, the sunshine lying nwarm and golden over the purple moors and shaggy hills. Miss Trevethon is out for a long walk. She pauses, ankle.deep in yellow gorse, cwhbn tha blue smoke from the shooting.box fades be. hind the line of black fire. "Clotilde," oddressing her attendant, we are out of sight of the whole tlepied party now; Sir Geoffrey has gone deer-stalking* lady Malstead has sprained ler foot, and the ,iay in crand. Mvopportunity has come at lost-- i'm going "to flack Ilollow Grange." roe woman looks up, with a sudden start, her sad, worn face growing a shade more ghastly. A strange creature to look at is this com. panion of Miss Trevethllon's-a creature upon whom the blight of some awful crime, or terrible sorrow, must have fallen. She is not much past her prime, yet her abundant hair is as white as snow, and there is a curious look inherlntrovarted eyes,asphinx.like my.a tery in her frozen face, that saggests the con. dition of a somnambulist. But Miss Trevethon is quite fond of this her ghostly cumpanion, for since her earli eat recollection, Clotilde has been with her like her own shadow, andl we grow to love the creature with whom we have been long familiar, no matter how ungainly they may be. Lenere loves this woman, who follows her day an I night with the dumb, watcheful lde. votioit"of a dog; and if at times, growing impatient of her constant surveillance, the reung heiress Irrals her unkindly, she is sure t, repent the minute aflter, ad beg ler par don, whleich Clotilde readily grants. Fore elespite her ephin~fact. the prorar ,rl is ten. eler and gentle, and deoter o I ler lovely poung mistless. flncL cklollow Grange, Miss Trere. SThe words fell huskily from her ashen lips. "flnch Hollow' Grange," repeals Lenore, bith a defiant lough. "It is over yonder 'omewhere, in the midst of those block ehill, shall be sure to finl it I There. hlr,' =no,. I The amalgamation of State echools hil saved theoGovernmeut about £60,000. I L.- .Li... . J. k.IA Lt.i. .F... peace, Clotilde, I know what you would say. I know all about the gruesome old house, ,hut up since the day and hour of that awful .murder-l've heard all about the ghosts, and all that, but I'm goinglnevertheless. I will go," and she brings down her pretty foot with decided smphasie. "I've lot :ed to see the place all my life; I think of it all day, and dream of it at night; I have a notion, Clotilde-I have had ever since I heard the awful story, a strange notion that if I can get into that old Grange, I shall find some tI 1e-" " Miss Lenore, for the love of Heaven, hush 1" "And, wherefore? Why, Clotilde, yot always ore plchtly to look at, but now your face is iike chalk. anld yur kneesh aakeunder you. Ihat's the matter?" " Come home, .1is Trevethou, I implore you I" Not I I My oiopnrt,"itv ha, come, ned I've waited for it ton I n;: to let it slip, I'm going to lle.ctk lii.lo, tiaug.. !" "But Sir Gcotlhey-if lie should find out I" Miss Treretbon snaps her tlender white fingers. "Sir Geoffrey won't eat us. I've nokedhin dozens of timles to let me visit the rd plncr, hithe alw.ays frownedl like cn logre, and said no. Sodilid Iady I?Alsteall. They dln'tcv,:n know that I'm acquainted with the awful particulars of my rpoor mother's micrdev and my fathet's strang, ~:isoappeatance, but I a',. I know the whole story floll elrinninig, to end ; old Kisby told me overn thing. Whlt: an awful thing it was, Cottilde:" 1Her fresh young face whitens s she turns it tward her companion, and a shud.er runs through her lithe frame. * Yes, an awful thing, ?Miss L2nore; you should never have heard It, and you must not think of it now. Come, let us go back." "I wont; I'm going to Black Hollow lrange. As I sail the notion haunts nmethat once there I shall find some clue iv whrei, to solve the mystery of my poor fathe,' fI .e. ' hud thisobii"ctrollyein viewwhen I nlnnedt this excursion; for once I have outwitted SirGeoffrey. Come, we've no time to idle; the station cannot be far away. We have the day before us, and even if we do not succeed in getting back to.night there will he no creat harm done. Will you come, Clotilde ? Doyou bear me? Wi y, then, do you stand and gape like anidiot?" " I can't go, Miss Trevethon." " Do you rienal it,C!otih!e? Can it he pns sible that at last, for lonce in my life, I na to be free of your sha low ? I am rejoiced at the reu spcct, I assure you, and I bid you good. morning I" The young lady turns on her heel with a scornful laugh, but Clotilde's tremulous touch detains her. "1 beg your pardon, Miss Trevethon but I have tried to make myself useful to you all these years." tier white lips quiver and her eyes fill wittk tears. Poor, desolate soul. bereft as she has been of every earthly ticand forced to ecd ure a living martyrdom, the one solitary comfort of her wretched life is her love for her young mistress. Lenore sees tthe pain in the poor meek face, and instantly repents of her unkind ness. " You have been useful, my poor Clotilde, and I would not be without you for worlds. There, forgive me, and do not take my silly words to heart." She gives her a carressing pat on the cheek with her slender, soft band, as she con. tinues: "Come, now, we are friends again. We should never fall out, Clotille, if you would only keep in mind the fact that I always do have my way in the end ; and certainly it would be wise to permit me to havrit in the beginning, and thereby save your breath. "Miss Lenore, I cannot g?r. For the love of heaven, do not think of visiting that awful place!" Miss Treovethon's swift anger blazes up afresh. u Why not ? For fear of encountering the gbosts of my poor murdered father and mother l" site demands. "lteaven send 1 might see them I Alive or dead, in the body or out. they would be most welcome. Why, Clotilde, you are actually shivering. What a coward you must be. Or, perhaps," she adds, struck by asudden thought, "you know something of that terrible mystery? I have long wondered what secret you carry locked en in your heart. It most be a dreadful one, jtidging from the look of your face. Is itcon cerning the mystery of Black Hollow G mange Can it be possible, Clotilde, that you know something and have kept it from me all these vearsl" The woman whitens until her face is like ashes, and she utters a piteous, gasping cry, rOh, Miss Trevethon, how should I know? It is cruel to think I do." Lenore throws aside the hand that clutches at her arm. "Perhaps it is cruel," she replies; " but, then, if you know nothing of the mystery, you need have no fear of the ghosts. Once for all, will you come with me or not ?" I cannot." " Then I shall go alone." "Oh, Miss Lenore, stop I You must not. Sir Geoffrey would be so angry." "Sir Geoffrey's anger can cool; Stand aside, Clotilde !" She pushes her companion out of the way and walks rapidly onward, not deigning another word or glance. Clotilde follows, wringing her hands in an agony of distress. Lenore goes on at a rapid pace. She has made up her mind to visit Black Hollow Grange at all risks, and in the teeth of all opposition ; and, like all her race before her, Miss Trevethol has an iron will. Presently the shrill shriek of a locomotive greets her ear, and she sees a thin cloud of smoke curling over the summit of a brown bill. The train is coming. She quickens her steps, her heart throbbing with pleasant excitement. A turn in the roadtbrings herin sight of the way station, with its red flag futtering in the breeze; and she succeeds in reaching the platform just as the snorting engine comes un. To nE CONTINUED. 