LIGHTHOUSE-KEEPING. A FEW REMINISCENCES. By J.F.E. It is the business of the lighthouse-keeper to show a blight side to the world. In him dulness is a crime. He must beam in all weathers. When the outlook is gloomiest he is expected to be at his best, though, like other mortals, he has his un- happy moments, and mourns his lot with a keenness to which most people are strangers. There may be a measure of romance in his life, but it is not apparent to him so much as to others. Men and women write pleasantly of the "sad sea waves," but only a lighthouse- keeper can fully appreciate how really sad sea waves are at times, or set at rest the vexed ques- tion, "What are the Wild Waves Saying?" Jhne is I bilnvt, i lollul ing song eu titled "The Lighthouse-keeper." much af- futid b) vouthb with bass voice», but the woids note ni illili bv one who n is nein in a lighthouse, and whose knowledge of lighthouse life must have been continued to (oloiiinl lllustiations ni mu sin bool s Hie hghtliousi kcepu is fiiquintlv tin lino ot moduli niiloib inn m windi east hi is usiulli dotlouil bv tin le »ding nil »in uni lud til up m i tell it, but ni 1 imbil ucoieis in linn to -ne Hit huoini fium sbi] moil \o \utoiiiii light- keeper has succeeded in achieving lame in this w ii Ultu is a g mil di ti if n minti in oin lift no doubt ii nuil ti mt HIL ollie i tin bul it is loiilmid tostón bool s mil milts uidililt luluiii when no1 oietdoui lib a tin Vii uni mel om oi two othu big stations is not so bul but two nu- ll sil, Lilli) Islmtl po»ses»es mille ol tin tlimuitb of tin potttt It is i ),inu li i"id) - ilmost CHU mumu ot it Jt is a billen mel au n out liom tin mun lind when nothing will glow, mil 1 hill two uns of it onie V min must lim fillili out bulli with tin noild to laki kind!) to lift »t Chili «*>olitni> confinement i ni lim fin tuiors loi an) oin who has dom two vi us m lint imbil illili lotk Now und thin i bundi», of pipers is chopped into till -li bv a piss mg stimm, but thin nt tunis win i vii lim nothing to nul loi itceis -»omi in umets in vin thou-hlful otheis hi liur-i Sunn mil go oui ot thin w ii to theil oin hits with a Kilt ti .»onie 1 md othu s mil pi) no lind tun ii in s "ual them Would i pisstn- sic mut lum a 1 lind eve to t stui ii ot ebstiiss lot »nsl »nu ht w »s »sled 1 It ni 1 noun sin h i Hut g lupi en li li is this ii ii Not i Ion- inn ago Hu child of the light-keeper at Chiffy got his ll me! t 111L.I11111 1 pulid blotl uni siist until piintul injin \ J ht s » II ni HIS pi me, limul Hu time in I she 11 is sign illili in tin bibil tint she might nut 1 dodoi on bon I Ibu win distn-s »ign ii- mel could not bt mist ii in \ni eotild time bi nu d( ubt is to tluu lui nig bun sein, but tin -1 ippu 11 i- in 1 linn! uni pissid on limlltss of out li oubli Tin inlloiviiu, linn lung Wilson» T'lommlon vin big nillili that a doctoi was 11 mitti, »ml Hut night the I »di I oil» muvul oil Hu IOL! S with two doitois 011 bo uxl, mil tin bo) s injin v n is attended to Jhue is faull good li-lung oil Cliifi 11 hull is one wai ot 1 tiling Hu time V dud bibi was onei hshed up on tin Kiel s tluu L*xo one nei I mu winnie il einn 01 nu thing about it I'o-siblv it 111 dioppttl oviihoud fioin a |iis-ing ve- I Ti was no doubt tin Iii ntl of in intuisting st i mibtiiv if i* lud In-e_ii tollovvid up \nothei quiu tiling 11 i-liul up (Inn HIS 1 bfibtloi, belling HIL insiiiptioii S 's Wau nap 1 \ 111 Hu sti m_i tt 1 tun about this »1 is tint thosi 111 icsidniit al Lblli kuti» liotlim- ii mt Hu- lo-s ol the W 111 Ulipa it tin linn lo Hum it II is teile 1 ubi) ik 11 1 ink m e tint tin _ mon lum li id tollu ti -ltd nul m ilioit 111s at onie nude lo -i. ni Hit inns lo tin T'loinontoii A fui dus afin pipil-, (uni to band n Illili tint unid 1 full at count ol the wictl U hist it 11 is thought Hut the lift binn li id duftid lunn tin steile of Hu wnti to when it w is jinked up but on nil oning it out tint seemed impossible tin time bung loo sholl It Mibsiquiiitlv ti iii-; 111 eel that on hu 11 ti ii 11111 Sidnii lo Will lund, pinn to tin disislei, a pis- ui-u hid juinpul oin bonni mid it 1- siippostd tint Hu bli buoi lound it Chili was tlnouii ovia bond iftu hull Hid it linn pill id up a dn 01 two ullin, it would line bun III ue,l} oinin What about lighthouse ghosts ? I bivi nun »mi 1 gho t, though 1 Inn 1 now 11 1LI|III- who sud Hin wen visitul »t night- bv i] pi» it ions mid hi ntl mv-tiuous v nu- mil sounds is tim 1 ipi thin lundi nul Oin ol tlusi spiuts II is 11 itdiul bl 1 Tigbthoiist 1 tiptt s mit- ti h ) li id nu gn nigs us lo its bon t lidts 1 nun lund how it inded, bul I lichen Hu Diiom I mil pi 11 id tin lnipoitint pill1, in Hu siib-iipicut iel mons of Hu pu Ins I lu» lit nu sn, did not liapinn III 1. utoui 1 had i (.ennuie fi IL.lit one night ni)-ilf when looking over the Point _____ light. It was a dose, wann night »nil I fill-t must idnut it-uiuisii »111 (lililísi I'IIhips I was nuki)) at tin timi-Hu lu 111 who s n s lu iloesn t sleep on dutv now and then doisn t till the ti nth-mil 1 might luve bein dremungo! something mon einigemal than Imhlhotisi 1 upm., I vi is si ulled willi a tullin ei ir.h iollowul bv 1 shoviei ol lui ni en "1 u--, all ovu nu and nu hourn was mtuisilied lu hntling Hi it tin 1 ght vv is out mid I 11 is m tot ii dul niss lo ititi to 1111 ilium, J found I vi is not uloiii in the town foi » mu git it bung thing 11 is pliingin- limit 111 HIL impinili ibli gloom 1 not! lilt; el inn cviivtliing it cum ino-s us if st 11 dun-foi mi biliind uni li 111111, ilete 1 iiiiutel to It it luv lu anís out loi 1 moulent I (1 ltd 11 thud it nas all 1 du nu 01 a nighttime md muli au ilioit to mousi 1111 bleeping fat ultu s "Mi bind ! imp and in »St Ins 11 e» e 1 noil id 01 ( 1 in tin no1, and onll otu (nui-si leiuiiiuel foi mi T took it nnd-spin 111} blushes-(lid I dioppid tluougli Hu dap dom and down tin 11 nilling bl in bint ith and (lulu I slop till 1 found mu-di it Hu f)ot out in tin opui au linn i minimi 1 1 uni bul and getting »limp I iitiunid up the st ni « 11, dell 1 linne ii to el) nil ililli al all Ill/ml.» Wain moment 1 ship mighl ultu along and tin pos-ilubttts of Hie position neu loo awful to tnntuuplntc \s soon as I got to tin top the billing Hipping 1101st M sumid bul I (ould hu wini il n is non It nas a luge will sw 111 lint senng the light, and made straight for it, and had pi»sul Huong!» tin ouln id glass uilo Hit j 1. lit di unlit 1 Miine its ugi lons II ippin_s (ombinid with Hu nish of au ft oin nilli out bal iNtingiushiil the 1 »nip 1 hail Hu sitibfnilioii of lining tint bun foi diunii a fin tims aftu V mishap of 1 tomen hal MHHIII nalino happiuul to the lu pu of Mu Qiituih lill light one wild night some years back. St 1 unis le nits m nil followul foi Hu lupu git sud» 1» shoik llml lu did not (pittt menu foi sun ii dais \110the1 1 te pu -this vi is at the Olwav, T Until -used lo till of a biul that mini 1 ) bit lum n ¡.ulmh m Hu nighi li gi ni lilli llappul limul tin elise (di tt gol a listing pi in foi its diws tin ii it iv oui I lim au eve t 1 Hu gliss and lool m willi ill Hu ciniiiMtv of a boi at 1 pup show lins ct ni lallv happuitd lihou Hit lei pu nas plaimg Hu ulundi in fii III wind» I iibsumi Hut Hu bud lil id Hu iniisti Ntnilv all oin li Hows m niighli tnu , pinn is Hu toni ulina bung Hut» tainui iii msluimuil ible tin lui s limp best 1 han R|>c ut Mlitili nights on it with no billei lindum 1 thai» uti ti H Onu doun at Hu 1 minimini! a sinkt cuni 111(0 Hie town and li ted to gd upstiuis Mai In it lins (he liman Huit ittiiielul lum 01 mavin it nas Hu pinn lu was ultu WieitluliHH we killed linn, mid pi mu vi I huckin its a iiiunuito of Hu denilh pniui ot the Jiw H hatp whin wulilul bv an III list Hine me Innes, whin the vnathci IH lough and Hu, seas lu ni fuiiouslv niuiUHt the rotkfl, that osnll itiott IH ixpciiiuced Hu* town mat l-loniaiin wobbles about fmly in a gale, and though Hine is no (bingil tin Hiusatioii is not the most tigui able llie QueeiiHiliiT tovvor, too swit)« in bail Yvcathei, and even at tlio bill nek and the Oin ii} iii id allia pinces ivltciu Hie __ towers arc phnled high up on tena fuma i inst} \rbrntton is no« and then felt "The worst lighthouse on the Victorian coast Hint n man tin be beni to is Cliff} We ni elians-cil ibouleier* two n .is-ot can chum to bl-othiiwisc it «ould bo ililli util lo get men lo go Ililli lot Hine month, -it a stiitib ion mu* not set i btnuige fnc lln LniU hoch comes donn eui* tin te months mil linds pro! i-ionri, mil bungs us pipirs mil «o lune i that nilli HIL tie«, ititi J LUI tell ion the oeei sum i- looked foin mil to c-pctuill* b* Hu ihildien \\\ hen tho flesh pioiisions ut lindul we nt up ill the peii.lnblc stuiT, such is icgetablo-, m Hie hist fm wcekb fearing th it the} might go bid mil bl instill For tin um lindel of the qirnrtir it i- t c ist of f imuie-nothing but bread mid potted mell Is it not possible foi the Ladt Loth to go round the lighthouses once a month, 0r, say, twice a quarter ? Xotlung to pi event her tint I 1 no« of .slit is neill* ill* .is stemung iViont some «licit with Ministers oi member« of Pu linmeiit on ni nine picnics, uni it would not lie nindi out of bel w ii to di op in on us with supplies t do/in tunes i len foi tint mittei It would mil e our hits mi dif firenl if she did 1 line -em hoi pis- iighl mulei oin mists mid no1 is min li is isl us if «t « inlet] tin Hung Onie «e signalled li tin i ipt un ol i milln foi some lege libios iiiil be ion le nilli pulled np mid gut Us wini lu multi spin On Hu n (inn li p fmiu Alilbouini lit -i-nillid to ii-to-ml oil ilinl «Inch vii did when lu pie-t ntitl II- «iib i big of pot itoi-an . i lu ip ol othei -lull nindi nude us lnppi loi «iel s aftii Cich-ts (both so\c-) aie the (let aicr sion of lighthouse keepers in places where lighthouse- mu be leached bl lout J inn told the mu-unce is veil tiling ni the Schmuk. Like other people lighthouse keepers like to be hospitable, but it is too gmt it t-\ to line binds of wheelmen and wheel«mimi (hopping in on von duli, cat ing up vom supplies uni then niliiig off w itlioul ci en as muth ns Thanl i on ' Some of the men am decent inougli but I have Inoiiii limul putie- beb ne m a fislnon tint the lo«ist could not emulate If ion shon thPm oiei the tonet the! smudge their gins! lingers omi Hie g1 ins and, «hen vom buk is lui ned wuti tliui ob -cine mines on the leflictois Tt take*! bonis of li nil work to leinoic the li aces of thc-t i mil il llut it s time lo light up no« so T 11 sa\ l ood night Mn ns lcmembit Hi it pu ed« of papéis aie most îiecpt iblc, and tint «on linns g1 it! to see }ou-only, don't i omi on a biei tie ' 