Pure Milk. AN AMERICAN MODEL DAIRY. (See illustrations on this page.) The milk is drawn in itke usual way from the . cow, and is placed in cans, which are then run on a wire to the dairy-house. Figure 1 is the cooling and bottling room. At the end is a Star cooler. This is a fluted metal box inside which cold water is constantly passing. The milk is received in cans in the upper storey, and at once poured into a tank connected with the cooler. It trickles along clown over this cold surface, losing the "animal heat" and dropping into the bottling tank about 2.r>deg cooler than when it started. A . great display of bottles on the long table may be noticed. The tank under the cooler is arranged to run on wheels over these bottles which are placed in exact rows. By touching a spring little pipes on the under side of this tank are opened, and a whole row is thus tilled at once. In this way thel filling of 1500 quart bottles is not such a great job. After the bottles are filled, neat paper stoppers, each marked with the date of filling, arc titted in. These are much neater and better than the metal covers and hinges formerly used, because there being nothing to be cleaned, it is impossible for a careless washer to leave any sour milk to spoil the next bottleful. As soon as possible after filling, the bottles aro packed in tho cases shown at the foot of the stairs to the left of the picture, and surrounded with broken ice. They are shipped in these cases to town, and kept on ice until delivered to customers. One would be surprised to see how short a time is required to take the milk from the cow and get it into these ice- covered bottles. Everything is done as rapidly as skilled hands and the best of machinery will warrant. This rapidity is the secret of success in keeping this milk. As it comes from the cow it is pure, and' would keep for weeks if not permitted to change.. Since we know that tho changes in milk are produced by minute forms of life called bacteria, and that the action of these bacteria is deadened by extremes of heat or cold, the object of good dairymen is to get k the milk with the learnt delay into Hie packages in which it is to bc sold, and then keep these packages cold. Raw milk handled in this way will keep six days without trouble. It will keep as long as "Pasteurised" or heated milk, and be better for food purposes-particularly for invalids and chil \--dren. - But one might use the greatest care in getting the milk into "cold storage," yet fail-if the bot tles had not been properly cleaned. Just as a "starter" put into cream sours the whole mass and makes it flt for churning, so a bit of sour mille left In any crack or wrinkle of tho bottle will brood millions of these bacteria, and spoil the milk iii a short time. One of the chief reasons why milk reaches the city in a poor condition is that the cans are not scalded and cleaned properly. Some scrap of sour milk is left, and this starts the new milk to souring. At Fairfield Dairy special arrangements are made to clean the bottles. No matter whether they are washed by customers or not, they are are all scoured and scalded before refilling. In the interior of the cleaning-room a row of soapstone tubs extends down the centre with pipes for hot and cold water hanging over themi The floor of this room is made of cement, with slope enough to give perfect drainage. When the -empty bottlos come back from town, they are put into these tubs and thoroughly scoured in boil ing water and soda. The modern milk bottle is really a Jar, and, aß there ls no metal cover, it can be easily scoured with a stiff brush. After drain ing the bottles are hung on pegs inside a large wood chest. This chest is closed and steam let in under a pressure of 401b. After ten minutes of this steaming, it is needless to say that the last bacteria have given up the ghost of a chance for starting sourness in the next bottleful of milk. Steam is a wonderful cleanser, and it would be well if all dairymen could make use of it. There may be many people who think some of these manipulations are uncalled for. They think that milk prepared in the ordinary way is "good enough," and that customers have no business to call for anything better. Such men take a wrong view of the matter. The recent discussion about tuberculosis and other diseases that may be con veyed in milk have made tho better class of cus tomers exceedingly careful in buying it. The public begin to recognise that there are as many grades to milk as there are to fruit, and that the difference between good and bad samples is due to care and handling of the product. Whether a tree produces1 large and fair apples of good flavor or gnarled and wormy specimens will depend on the man who owns and cultivates the tree. It is just so with the cow. It is the man and Iiis methods that will make or unmake the milk, and the better classes of buyers are beginning to see this point. A shrewd milkman, therefore, will make himself and his methods as neat and pleasant as possible, and then advertise them as widely as he can. That is to be the secret of success in the future milk business. -H. W. C., in "Rural New Yorker."_'_ jttany a common cow can be made extra by better feeding. The Kansas Experiment Station has been ex perimenting with pigs sheltered and without shel ter. The sheltered pigs made a gain of llb of flesh for every Bib of maize fed; but the unshel tered pigs made no gain at all. The station also refers .to the necessity of having shelter in summer, as the animals suffer as well from too much beat as from too much cold. Pure Milk-An American Model Dairy. (See letterpress on this page.) 1.-The Wasli Room, where Bacteria are Steamed to Death. 2.-The Cooling and r ' Bottling Room. 