MISCELLANY. Timid Animals that Always Die Game.— Hares. The Mo«t Difficult Question op All.— " M ho's your friend ?' A Spiritual Inquiry.—" la it likely tb&t; ghosts t ilk in the dead languages V " Otto, yon have a bad report. What does that mean 5" " Y es, papa; teacher must have some thing against you A.—" My wife has given me a birthday present of a keyring." B.—" Wei, if I were you, on my next birthday, I'd see to it that she gave me the house key !" Her Method of Making Friends.—" She is an awful flirt!" " How do you know?' "She will not hare a tire on her bike that she can't puncture with a hat-pin." A story of R. L. Stevenson was forthcom ing at the recent dinner of the Omar Khayyam Club. I>r. Conan Doyle was the narrator. Mr. i-tevenson, he said, having asked him to visi Samoa, Dr. Do.vle saiu he should lie only too willing] if the wav to get there were pointed out to him. "Oh," said Mr. Stevenson, "you go to America, cross the continent to San FianoUeo, and then it's the seoond turning to the left!" The circumstances of Dr. Schweinfurth's first diagnosis of the ex-Chancellor of Germany's case brought out the characteristics of the two men. When the phyaioian entered Prince liismarok's study, the latter was absorbed in a mass of State papers. Or. Schweinfurth at once began questioning him about his sytuproms. " I'm very busy," said Prince Ilis tnarck. " I didn't send to you to ask me intentions, but to tell me whai's)ihe matter with me." " Ah," rei'lied the doctor; " 1 see you've sent for the wrong man ! What you want is a veterinary surgeon." " How so?" inquired the Chancellor. "A veterinary surgeon," replied l>r. Schweinfurth, " is the only one who prescribes for his patients without asking them a single question I" Titibnb always carried about a lot of super fluous luggage and stage-dresses which she never wore. " She always took a room at the hotel for ex clusive u-c as a garde-robe," sayB Siguor Arditi in his " Reminiscences," " and one of the gentlemen—I belie.'e it was Willert Heale—obtained access to this apartment during her absence one day and promptly Bluffed out all the dresses, put heads with wigs and painted faces on to the shoulders, and seated the figures on chairs—there were twelve or fourteen—in a dim religious light around the room. Need f say more f Titiens, on her return home, wanted to obange her dress, and she proceeded to this room. A minute later she came shrieking down the stain, having been frightened out of her wits at the strange 6ight that niethereaze. She thought she must have suddenly gone mad, and tint the ghosts of her different im personations had appeared to torture her." Scene—Police Court.—Magistrate to wrness—" You say that you saw the altercation?" Witness—"No, sorr, I didn't see that! Oi was busy lookiu' at the foight." Mrs.—"Am I still 'the star of your life,' as I was when you used to write love letters to me ?' Mr.—" Of course, dear." Mrs.—" I don't seem to be drawing a star salary, though." " You don't seem to have the sort of fold ing bed I want," said the customer, after looking through the furniture-man's stock. " What girt of a folding bed are you looking for?" asked the clerk. " I want one which I can use as a bicycle in day time." Cumso—" I suppose Whiffet isn't snch an unconscionable liar since he quit fishing so con stantly ?' Cawker—" He has less regard for the truth now than ever." Cumso—" What does he lie about now?" Cawker- "The immense distances he covers on his bicycle." " I've a gr-at story to tell you, hoys." said a " commercial" to a group of friends. " I don't think any of you ever heard me tell it before." " Is it a really good story?" asked one of the party donbtingly. " It certainly is." " Then I'm sure you never told it before." "A great many people sleep between these walls," said the guide, showing the visitor where the various noble families were interred in an ancient English church. "Same way over in our country," replied the Yankee visitor. " Why don't they get a better preacher ?" Priest—" Putey Shea, if you're a sensible man. you'll never let a drop of whisky pass your lips again. Sure 'tis your worst enemy." I'atsy— " Arrah, now, your rivirence. and haven't you lould us from the pulpit that we wor to love our enemies ?' Priest—" True for you, Palsy, but I never said you were to swallow them." Just after the Reverend Osbornp Jay had published a little book on his parish, which contained one of the worst slums of the East End of London, he was walking through the streets, and met a man he knew, whose dig he stoope I to pat. "Nice little dog that, Jim" " Yus,'e is a ni e little dawg, and'e don't go and write shiliiu'books, rounding on his friends, and giving:'em right away." "No, Jim, you ate right," wag the reply of the parson, who had bailed his friend our. of court the week before, and tipped him well. "'No, he doesn't, and he doesn't bail his friends out and give them shillings either." An Irish labourer whom his employer set to hold the p ough was new at the business, and the first attempt was anything but successful. "Look here," sail the farmer, " that kind of thing won't do. The corn will be dizzy that grows in a furrow so crooked as that. Fix vour eye on some thing across the field, and head straight for it. That cow there by the gate is rightoppositeus. Aim at her, and you'll do pretty well." "All right, sir," sad Pat, and just, then the farmer was called away to the barn. Ten minutes later he returned, and was horrified to see that the plough had been wandering in a zig-zag course all over the field. " Hold on there!" he shouted. " Hold on ! What ar ■ you up to?" "And sure, sir," said Pat, " 1 did what you told nte. I worked straight for the cow, hut the crayture wouldn't kape still," Mrs. J. G. Jebb tells the story of a young Englishman travelling in Mexico. One Don Manuel represented to hiui the immense value of a certain silver-mine with w hich circumstances compelled turn to part. He was advised, however, to see it, and judge for hitnseif. The two men were accordingly lowered a short distance into the shaft, and the Englishman was so pleased witit the appearance of the ore that he gave hi cheque for half the purchase price. loiter he felt inclined to explore his invest ment farther, and. going alone to the mine, hired an Indian in the vicinity to lower the cage. He speedily diseovered that the mine was mil of water i'ufing into immediate action a plan of reprisal, he sought Don Manuel, and expressed his desire to vi-it the shaft again, to which the Mexican reluctantly \ ielded. The Indian was again hired to lower the cage. Hon Manuel, at the Englishman's request, giving the requisite instructions. The Englishman then politely motioned to the older matt to he seated. Hardly had he done so when the Indian, in obedience toape.-ture from his patron, hegan to turn the w indlass. In vain Port Manuel entreated and thre tened, lib the sound of his voice catne but faintly front far below. Then the cage was drawn up to within a few feel of the surfaoe, and the Englishman demanded of its urenched occupant the surrender of his rluque. Evidently the young man meant, hustings, and with out a word, Hon Manuel yielded. "Now y-u can come out. I hope you have not taken a chill Y" said the Englishman courteously. 