MEMORIAL SERVICE. , THE LATE J.-T.MACMICHAEL. At St James' Church yesterday morning a service was held to the memory of the late Mr J. T. .V.acmichnel, who has been an office-bearer in the Church for a number of year-. The altar and pulpit were draped in black, as was also deceased's pew, a hand some floral wreath being hung at the end The Rev, Canon Warner officiated, preach ing a special sermon. The ' Dead March ' was played sympathetically by Miss Marlay at the close of the services, morning and night, and the hymnschosen were particularly appropriate. Canon Warner tonic for his text St John ! xiv— 26 'The Holy Ghost the Comfortor,' and said : ?- Speaking for myself (and yet I am sure giving at the same time expression to the thoughts of many of yourselves) the. brightness of the Church's Festival, the joy with which we had hoped that we should have observed it, has been dimmed and overclouded by the sudden death of him with whom on earth we shall no longer be ablets worship, but there is for us still a connection which may be held between the two, the Festival and the separation, hence I make choice of these words. 'The Holy Ghost the Comforter.' It is no easy matter for me to speak to you in reasonable and moderate language of the lete Mr Mac michael, because of the warm and close iricuasiup wnicu lor over seven years nas existed between us, and yet there are some of yourselves who knew him equally well for thrice this period. As one of the Wardens of the Parish he was the first to greet me on myarrival and to assure me of that cordial and hearty support -which he continued to give me even to the end. My knowledge of a brother of his in England was one of those little links which tend so often to bind firmly the chains of what we call friendship, and which commencing here we hope to renew hereafter. To know him well was to admire him heartily, because as you grew in the knowledge of him, the gentleness, the chivalry, the sympathy and the integrity of his character . became more and more in evidence. He .was ? a man who would have scorned to do that which whs unjust, or to be mean or false. It is not to be wondered, therefore, that such a man should he the choice' of various sections of the community, .and become forced, even at' the cost of personal incon venience, to accept the many different posi tions that he filled of a philanthropic 'and charitable character; and mind you these various offices and duties could be under taken by him, not because of any direct or indirect benefit which was to accrue f« him self, or for strengthening himsell in any social or public position. Not many- of those whom we call '.'.public men 'are so entirely freed by their circumstances of life that they can undertake public duties, with out the suspicion of 'self ' interest/ In his life and actions he shewed us how thorough ly qisinierestcu.in motive ne was, ana mat. what he 'did. was lor nothing of personal gain! He has held the position of Synods man, and a Parochial Nominator, and either as the Rcctors's Warden or as the People's Warden, has faithfully served this parish for years, giving to. the Church he loved the benefit of his personal influence hud busi ness .'..capabilities, and according to : Ins ability he ' has been a systematic ';'' libe- ral giver.' I need -not .tell you agaiu of that which you have learnt froni the pa-, pers, as to how the years of his life had been spent. Sufficient for me to say that they were all spent ' honorably,'. and I feel how as an upright and conscientious husiness man '.whose word was his bond' his sagacity and prudence will he missed by those whosebusiness he conducted If I had to set before you younger men a pattern for your example, or if to you older men I had to put before you a standard to w.hich 1 would have you attain before your life closes on earth from out all our rapidly increasing community, and selecting from amongst men of known repnted honesty and probity, I could find none of whom I could more truly say that in the late Mr Sf acmichael you have had a man who was God fearing j who showed you much of the Christ life, whose thought, word, and deed gave evidence of the power of that same Holy Spirit whose descent upon the whole body of church and individual members of it we commemor ate this day. .No cause but absence from town or ; .illness prevented him from being regularly, amongst us as a rever ent worshipper; living his life, not by chance, arid therefore not at the risk of some passing influence. He regulated it by rule, even to his preparations fo« the Holy Communion, and also with regard to the or dinary daily habits of life, in all of which we know him to have been *s temperate, And the close of his life in its unex pectedness has its lesson 'for ourselves; 'Twas but three Sundays ago that he was a worshipper with us, doing his duty as a warden, bringing to me your offerings for presentation to God, looking forward t* our loyal and thanksgiving service on the 30th, making suggestions about the music, taking in fact that active interest in the conduct of our services, and the prosperity of the church which he invariably did. He was not a man (vho could do anything by halves, any more than he could shrink from allowing the light of his life from illuminating others, yat not to glorify himself but Mis Father in Heaven. And now, like the Saviour he loved, he has passed from our visible sight with all these tender associations attached to his memory, and we, lift sorrowing, can but think of him in our prayer for the Church Militant, thanking God that another of His servants has departed this life in His fnith and fear ; beseeching God that we uiuy iiuip I* iivu uui uur me oy me example of his life, and that eventually we may be partakers with him in God's Heavenly Kingdom. It has been good for this, our small portion of the world, that such a life as that of Mr Macmichael's has been lived ; for some good result must come from it. Mis burial at Southport doubtless was wisely determined upon, hut I am sure the whole of our townsfolk are sorry that the oppor tunity was not afforded them to show the regard with which they esteemed him, and those of us to whom he was a personal friend ntiirht — all near relatives bein™ absent have shown a care lor the grave in which the body was laid. That we as a parish will speedily place a memorial of his work in the church is of course undoubted. Again I say, I thank God that such a life has been lived amongst us; n life against which, so far as I know and can testify, not the whisper of scandal has ever hecu raised. O (IrurcRt ilonil ! to lloiirt-n Wlt'.i unidf-'liiK' f\v\\\\- ui' xiive you Tollliu-lioiloiililsfdrirlv '1 Who look .vim (hum to imvvvoiii— Kmv wt m gnwo to love, Your memo: L'fi jet in .re klndtv, l'liii-fur.nir homos iiliuvo, Ami trust todml iiiuiv IiIImII)-. But I am speaking at greater length than I' had intended, wishing still to refer to our festival. Whence, it may be asked, came the inclination, the influence, the power, the determination, to be what he was amongst us, so that we cherish his memory so affection ately? The answer is he had yielded himself to the operatir.it of the Holy Spirit, Gud the 1 loly Ghost, the Third Person of the ever lilessed Trinity. 