OUR STORY. CUIUS T ABEL'S CONFLICT. By the Author of " TYBORNe,'' in the Catholic World.' t Chapter 111.— Continued. " That's quite a different thing. You would be in the midst of their snares now. I want to arrange for you to stay with the Holts for awhile, until we can be married. " What can you mean, Herbert ? I would not make my home with the Holts." And I added bitterly: " They won't want me now after this disgrace of Caroline's ; and in fact, Herbert, I am sure your family would not like your going on with the engagement." Nonsense, my love! You really exaggerate the thing. It will not be noticed in the papers ; I have read the announce ment — it appears only in the usual marriage column. It is your uncle's act that is of importance. But now, my Christabel, listen ; I have written to my father, and I believe matters can be arranged that I shall succeed your uncle in this living, and, dear, we can marry at once, and the home you love so much will be yours for ever-" For ever! How the words struck on my ear — for ever ! — in this fleeting life whose chances and changes I was making sore acquaintance with that vfirv dav. ."But," continued Herbert, "of course this cannot be unless you break off all connection with your uncle. You must in every way re pudiate his act." I sprang to my feet. "Forsake my uncle!" I cried; "why, he has been a father to me ; I will never do such a thing ! " " My dear Christabel," said Her bert, " be reasonable. As my wife how could you keep up relations with your uncle. Do you suppose I shall have any intercourse with him after the fatal step is taken ?" " Then let all be at an end between us," I said haughtily. " I will not be your wife on those conditions. Moreover, I believe he is right and you are wrong ; I have seen it for months, though I have , tried to shut my eyes. You abuse the Church of Rome on one hand, and yet ape her on the other. You shudder at the name of Martin Luther, and yet you reap the fruit that he has sown." So Herbert and I parted in anger, and I went to my room to sob and weep bitter, bitter tears over my vanished happiness and my lovely lost home. IV. The Bishop's answer came spee dily. The parish was put into other care and my uncle was free. He went immediately to London, and poor Aunt Bessie, half blind with crying, began to take an inventory of all the furniture and linen, as all was to be sold. I was glad to help her. Oh, what a shadow had fallen over the house ! Herbert never came near us. I now learned from Aunt Bessie how very badly off we should be. About one hundred a year would be the amount of my uncle's and aunt's pri vate property ; I had twenty pounds a year until I was of age — as an offi cer's daughter, my father having fallen in action — and there were the boys to think of, one at Rugby and one just gone to Oxford. My uncle had sunk nearly all his capital to produce an income for his wife after his death, to revert to Caroline and myself finally. His benefice was worth just £1,000 per annum. What a destruction of hopes and plans was around us ! A week passed away. Herbert wrote to me, begging me to recon sider my decision and let him see me. I refused. Then my uncle wrote to say he had been received into the Church, and had taken lodgings in a cheap neighbourhood. He begged aunt and myself to join him. / So we went. Shall I ever forget the first sight of those wretched lodgings ?— the tiny parlours opening into each other, and the bedrooms above; the common, ugly furniture; the grimy, draggle-tailed maid of all work to wait on us; the red-nosed, loud-voiced landlady ; the narrow, gloomy street. But soon I forgot the surroundings in gazing at my uncle. Such a look of rest, of un earthly peace was on his dear face. Such a tone of joy in his voice ! We were close to a Catholic church, whither my uncle went every day. The priest of this church had been a college friend of Uncle Joseph, and he had invited him to copy for the Press some old crabbed Latin MSS., and uncle was glad to have something to do and earn a little. Aunt at once put herself under instruction to this priest, and I used to sit by and listen. I was in a strange state of mind. I had no attraction or drawing what ever to the " Church of Rome," as I still called our holy mother. I did not care a jot for ceremonies. I thought Herbert, in his white sur plice, the most delightful sight that could be seen, and I loved the Eng lish services and singing for his : sake. But straight was the gate and nar row the way that lay before me, and as the priest spoke to my aunt and answered her questions conviction forced itself into my mind. I saw there was but one Church — holy, apostolic, universal, infallible ; but my soul revolted against it. j My aunt s simple, gentle nature was soon convinced, and she was, of course, well inclined to believe that the path her husband had chosen was the right one, for she had looked on him as her guide in all things ; but neither he nor Father Dal ton would allow her to take the step unless she clearly knew and believed in Catholic doctrine. She was received into the Church, and the look of peace came on her face too, and she was strengthened for fresh trials. There were dreadful scenes with the boys. W alter had just begun his first term at Oxford — all his future hopes were dashed to the ground ; and Alfred lo\ed his school, and could not bear to leave. Their position as sons of a well- beneficed clergyman was lost ; their father was now a poor, obscure, un noticed convert, despised and dis liked by those who once honored and admired him. Walter spoke bitter words to his father, and Alfred shed the tears which are so seldom forced from a boy's eyes. There was nothing for Walter but to accept a situation in a merchant's office at seventy pounds per annum, and this was obtained with great difficulty by Catholic fr ends, while Alfred had a free place at Stonyhurst College. It was cheaper for Walter to live with us. He hated his work and his squalid surroundings ; at meals he was silent and morose, and whenever Father Dalton called he walked straight out of the room. So time passed on, and I took no step at all. I read books on the other side, I had many conversations with distin guished clergymen of the Church of England, but nothing satisfied me. These books and clergymen did not agree — even those of the same " school," as it was called, differed immensely. Once I tried an experiment. I wrote to twelve clergymen of the Church of England to ask what was the true doctrine about the Holy Eucharist. Each sent me a different answer. I wrote to twelve priests — each one answered me in almost identical words ; there was not a shade of difference between them. Still my heart was in revolt against my reason. Then the consequences of my uncle's conversion pressed on me. The summer heat came on, the lodgings were more and more wretched, and the food was very poor and rough. I lost appetite and felt ill and downcast. I would not remain a total burden on my uncle's means, so I gave some French and German lessons in what was called a "Young Ladies' Academy." \ The pay was miserable, and the pupils pert, vulgar, and ' stupid. I had no genius, for teaching, and no spirit to throw into it, so I toiled, on in the stuffy, close room, and my brain whirled round. Behind our lodging-house was a small yard, and at the end a shed in which laundry work was carried on. Aunt Bessie heard our landlady lament the sudden defection of one of her best ironers, and she told her that as far as frills, collars, and cuffs went she could undertake them, for she had always superintended fine ironing at tbe rectory ; her services were gladly accepted, and Mrs. Clark got more work of the kind, so much | was my aunt's skill admired. I So thus my dear humble aunt toiled away. Oh ! that long, weary I summer in London : how I longed for fresh air, for our shady lawn and distant blue hills, and the deep shadows of our woods ! Last sum mer's joys stood before me like ghosts. Then, I need hardly say, I carried a sore heart for Herbert. I had loved him fondly, and the sun of my life had set with our separation. V. Summer and winter wore away, and the spring came on. One day I received a letter from Caroline — the first she had written. We knew that during the winter Sir George had died, and that now Caroline was j Lady Colborne. Caroline wrote to : invite me to dinner, and to stay the night. After dinner Caroline said : " Just go into that inner room, Christabel, and fetch me a photo you will see on the table in a silver frame." I went. I saw no photo, but a form rose up out -of a corner and ! drew me to him — it was Herbert. " Christabel," he said, " my own love ; let this bitter separation end ; I cannot live without you." " Now, dearest," he said, after a long talk, " our marriage can speedily take place. You can be married from your sister's house, and there will be no occasion to break oft from your uncle, as I proposed last year. You know I spoke in haste, and under the influence of a great shock and alarm. I see now how my brave Christabel has resisted the snares cast around her. And then, my dear, things are changed. Your uncle was an important man amongst us, and I naturally thought he would be a great man among them ; but it is not so — he is nothing, quite obscure, and half starving. I am sure he must regret his step by this time, and will probably come back to us." " Well," I said, without thinking, . " he can't become a priest' as he has a wife." Herbert winced, sol spoke j on quietly. " Then you won't ask j me to forsake him ; and really I am ' but a burden on him unless I go out : as a governess, and he won't let me . do that." I " It is all settled, darling. You stay here, and we will be married in. a few weeks." " But Herbert, listen to me. I do believe that I think they are in the right, but I drive the thought away. ! I am not religious — you know I never was — but if you were to argue with me — " " Never mind, darling, he inter rupted. " Never mind ; it will be all right ; I see your sister in the other room. Let us go and tell her what is settled." Caroline was delighted, and em braced me ; neither, she nor Herbert would hear of my going back to Shaw street. On the following Friday I was with Herbert in Bond street, and he proposed our stepping into the Gus- tave Dore Gallery. We were on the threshhold, and had paid for our entrance, when a voice was heard beside us, " Glenour, is that you/" We turned and saw a portly clergyman panting for breath. " I caught a glimpse of you and ran after you," - he said to Herbert. " I want to see you particularly ; can you possibly spare me an hour — half an hour even ?" glancing at me. Herbert whispered to me : " Chris tabel, this is important. Would you wait for me in the gallery ?" I went and sat there breathlessly ; my whole soul was moved within me. The picture before me represented the battle between St. Michael and his angels and Lucifer and his army. Victory had come. Lucifer, not black and hideous as generally de picted, but grand and gorgeous and clad in golden armour, was conquered , and lay on the ground, his golden armour all besmirched — yet splendid in his fall ; his army, all so strong and splendid, lay strewn beside him — not one was standing. St. Michael stood on rising ground, his hands clasped on his sword, looking up to heaven. God made use of that picture to save my soul. I rose up and fled from the room. When I reached the outer hall I tore a leaf from my pocket-book, wrote a line on it in pencil, and asked the man at the bureau if he would give this to the gentleman who would retnrn for me." I had written : " I return to Shaw street ; I will write from there." When I reached Shaw street I went straight to my uncle, who sat at his writing in his small, close room. I threw myself on my knees beside him. " Uncle Joseph, forgive me." He put his thin hands on my head. " My child, he said, " I have nothing to forgive you. I know you are going through a cruel struggle, and I have kept silence. I knew I could not help you. Alone must we face these agonies." Then I told him all, and his wisdom and tenderness consoled me. VI. Some bitter days followed. I had to write to Herbert and to Caroline. I did not mind much her scornful answer, but it was anguish indeed to read Herbert's reply. I had broke again the link that had been so suddenly rebound. The way in which he wrote of my uncle and of the Church excited my strong indig nation. It was like pouring hot water on a rose tree. He killed my love. But oh ! it died hard. That hot tide burned and scorched and shrivelled up my heart. I did not need much instruction, for I already knew and believed almost all the Church's teaching. I received a letter from the supe rior of a convent a few miles from London, begging me to come and stay there, and I went and spent some f. peaceful weeks in that dear place, witn its Deautitul church and pleasant grounds, and I grew calm and reso lute and at last made a retreat, and for the first time learnt the wonderful help and light that holy exercise gives. At its close I was received into the Church. The nuns asked Aunt Bessie to stay with them for a few days, and my uncle remained at the Jesuit College, close by the convent — so both were present at my recep tion, First Communion, and Confirm ation. My soul was filled with deep peace, and in my case the conversion was, if I may so speak, a double one. First, I was converted from heresy to the one true faith, and then my heart »t was turned from the things of this world to my Lord and God. But I do not mean to say that I was plunged into ecstasy, or that I no longer felt the cross. When we returned to Shaw Street the lodgings were as squalid and stuffy as before. .Sally, the maid, was no cleaner, nor the cooking less rough. Aunt went back to her ironing and uncle to his copying. ( Continued on page S.) ( Continued from page 4.) Of course, I, as a Catholic, was not eligible for the Young Ladies' Aca demy, but I found a situation as daily governess with rather better . pay, and so I worked on. ! The kind nuns never rested till they got an invitation from the family I of one of them for Walter and Alfred ' to spend their holidays in a pleasant I country house, and during that time Walter had an offer from Lord Layton, whom he met there, to go abroad for a year as companion to his son, who was delicate and ordered to the Continent. And Alfred came also for a week, and we found he had be come very fond of Stonyhurst, and was glad to return thither. My dear uncle and aunt were much cheered by all this. So the boys went, and life rolled on as before. We heard nothing from Caroline, but we learnt that Herbert was ordained, had taken possession of St. Mary's cum Mortley, and had married his cousin, Ada Hclt. The news did give me a pang — but not of regret ; my Herbert, as I had believed him to be, was dead and buried. Some years passed by. Walter was still on the Continent, for the change did young Layton so much good he settled to remain for some years. Walter, however, remained a Protestant. He had insisted on send ing part of his salary to his parents, and we were able to move into some what better lodgings, but always in the same neighborhood, for Father Dalton supplied my dear uncle with work. One M.S. after another he brought to him. Few of them were ever printed ; the copying was a device of the kind Father to give my uncle occupation and a slight revenue. But at length my dear uncle's health began to fail. A cold settled on his chest and he gradually faded away. I wrote to Caroline, but she refused to come. Walter returned in time to see his father, and gladden his heart by the news of his conversion. He knelt beside his bed and said : " Father, forgive me ; forgive my shameful conduct ; now I know all your conversion has won for me." And Alfred came and told his father how he felt .called to try his vocation as a Jesuit and was about to enter the novitiate, and my dear uncle gave thanks to God for all his great goodness and mercy. One day, in the midst of a very hot summer, the end came. All the Last Sacraments and blessing had been given. Uncle Joseph slept a little and wandered in his sleep. " The fields are so green," he said, " and how the water sparkles ! I hear the ripple of the brook." Then he was still for awhile, and began again : " He shall lead them by the living waters — they shall see His face." His breath seemed failing and the last prayers were said, and when the priest had finished those wonderful supplications, and paused for a minute, the gentle eyes of the dying man un closed, he looked upwards, and from the feeble lips fell these words : "Thy rod and Thy staff, they have com forted me." And then the spirit took its flight." I stood beside him after he was laid in his coffin, clothed in the white habit of a Tertiary of St. Dominic, and with the rosary round his fingers and the crucifixion on his breast. I thought how different would have been his surroundings had he died Rector of St. Mary's cum Mortley's, with all the luxuries that could have been obtained, with crowds of inquir ing friends ; how the country gentry would have come miles to his funeral and seen him laid in the vault beneath the chancel of his own church. I thought of all he had given up — his pleasant home, his position, the church and people he loved. He had been an excellent preacher ; he liked to preach and to officiate. All had been given up, and he had borne poverty, obscurity, contempt, hard treatment from his own sons, neglect from her to whom he had been as a father, all without a mur mur ; yea, even with joy ; and he died in a shabby London lodging, and would be buried in the quiet corner of a Catholic cemetery. And as I stooped to kiss the cold, white fore head, some lines I had often read flashed into my mind as applicable to my uncle, and not only to him, but to the many other Protestant clergy men who in the prime of' life, or per chance in old age, give up comfort, wealth, or at least competence and position, at the call of their Master. Men reck little of them ; those they have left after good service done in sult and abuse them ; " fools esteem their life madness and their end with out honour — but their lot is among the saints." So I drew the white sheet over the dead face of my dear uncle, and said to myself: " Tliei-e — it is over now, GocVs be the glory ; Ye who have heard it, Forget not their story." 