CURRENT LITERATURE. I Tho moBt noteworthy book for tho moment ii tho Into Mr. du Manner's fantasia " Thc Mar- tian." ]» thin story, which han appeared in th( pages of au American magazine, wo shall find some of thu charm of "Trilby," much of the JUMO whim of " I'etcr Ibbotson." As everyone knows, the idea of the book is timi, nn inhabitunl of Mars manages to transfer her intellectual bril- liancy and physical health to a Lifeguurdsmaii Hort of creature, Barty Josselirj. Lut those thal v iii pursue the pretty notion, worthy of Mndanic Blavatsky ; the common porson regrets that lin Mnuricr should lend his powers to so funtastio au invention. There is much to please the reader in " Tho Martian." Tho drawings, of which thc Jiuniber is large, arc tho real du Maurior, and even in a cheap reprint they come out well. Then tho charming chapter« of schoolboy life in Bris, und the serious and tender autobiographic work «bout Barty's oyo troublo and his art slrngrlos are certain to interest. But when this is said not much remains to praise, lt must be obvious that to credit tho hero willi a string uf masterpieces inspired hy his tutelary spirit from Mura, upon which his fame is founded, destroys his indi- viduality ; ho ia not moro respectable, than tho artist wliD employs n " ghost." The writing of " The Martian " is too nrlifioiul ; the lunguugo, with its mixture of French and English, its per- petual digressions, mid its mannerisms, is fantas- tic like tho plot. Tho introduction of himself, du Mauricr, by name is a lack of taste. " Tho Mar- tian " might have been different had ils author been spared even to reviso his work for bool; pub- lication, but no revision short of transformation could have touched tho vitnl defects which pul thc honk out of tho category of great novels. Tho beautiful aud, it may bo said, tho linal edition of Wordsworth in our time has come to its pud by tho publication of Iho eighth volume of Professor Knight's " Poetical Works of William Wordsworth," Eversley Series (Macmillan and Co.). It includes the pooms from 183-1 to 18-10, cr to 1847, with thu poems of William and 3Jorothy not eoutaincd in tho edition of 1S-19-Ö0. Tho main collection cuds with tho Odo on tho Intimations of Immortality, and tho treatment of this famous poom euilicieutly intimates the caro of j'rofessor Knight's editing, Bibliography and indices complete tho laborious task, and both from the convenience and beauty ol* the form in which tho edition is published and from the taste and caro of the editor this edition is likely lo bo fur thu great body of Wordsworthituis all that they ask. Tho laboura of an odilor of Wordsworth aro, however, light compared willi those of the Rcholar who offers not to Ibo studont only but to other scholars an adequate edition of a Greek classic. Tho now volume of Macmillan's "Parnassus series of Greek anil Latin texts is Professor Tyrrell'* edttiou of Sophocles. .Ho is able to pay in his introduction that of about 100 now readings half have never been published before, but. Professor Tyrroll's work is based on Jobb's, for which the 3)ublin editor expresses the warmest recognition. Indeed, Professor Tyrrell becomes quito warm in Iiis censure of the prosaic spirit, of German erudi- tion, and ho trouts "Hokier severely Most of tho now versions are in tho " Odipus at Culonus." Macmillan and Co. still employ their heavy and oyo-confusing Greek typo, radically dissimilar from that to which English readers havo long been nceuslonied. Of tho hulf-ridioulou;, half-pathel io things in literature of recent years is thc new position necorded to tho child. Ono does not rofer, of rourso, to the afflicting presentment of tho young liumau auimal in notion. That is not uaw, and though ridiculous it is not pathetic ; tho Eva St. Clair-*, tho Paul Domboys, tho Littlo Nells, tho Xiittlo Lord Fauntloroys, aro ghastly. But thc ntieinpt of divers philosophers, Mrs. Moynell, Professor Sully, Professor Stanloy Hall, and others, to unravel tho mysteries of tho menial procesaos of childhood, and to interpret that region to tho mere parent, is of tho vory esseuco of humour. Professor Sully published eomo time «go "Studies of Childhood," and out of this volume he has selected what ho thinks nitty interest the popular reader, nnd this with additional matter he publishes as " Children's Ways " (Longmans, Green, and Co.). There is indeed ti great deal lo annice in this collection of n philosopher's philosophising about thc ways of youngsters, bul there is also a good deal of the fantastic ; for instanco (pp. lifi-7), whore tho childish ¡doa of babies being lound in a sower by ii doctor is, to the Professor's mind, an adapta- tion of the legend of Afoses among tho bulrushes. After ul!, " Tom Sawyer," "Peek's Bad Boy," ''Helen's Bilbie--," ami others of that class are nearer to tho real thiug. Tho sixth part of the " Encyclopaedia of ¡Sport " (Lawreneo and Bullen) completes tho section on dogs, by Rawdon B. Lee and Fred, ("ireshain ; driving is treated by W. C. A. Blew ; the African elephant, by F. C. Solous ; tho emu, by Arthur Eden. The article on fencing is just begun. The two photogravures from drawings of birds by that accomplished artist, Thorburn, aro admirable. Dr. Lowis's " First Bntik on Writing English," prepared by an American teacher for boys in secondary schools, ought to be acceptable to many teachers in Australia, lt is plain mid serviceable, ?without pedantry or fancifulness ; tho English spoiling is preserved ; (lie examples aro from writers known to educated men on both sides of the Atlantic. The subj ..-rt is wiirtby of all atten- tion, and though nothing is so important in this brauch of education as a sympathetic and culti- vated teacher to further a natural tasto in tho ?pupil, still there is a good deal of importance in a manual that is interesting, correct, and intelligent. But why does JV. Lewis say, " A book of accounts eau be posted, but not tl jinn ';" In tho navy Marryat uni others " past " men freely. Perhaps some old fashioned persons still understand that word to Fignify that a commander has been raised to tho rank of post-eaptain. The author of a blight booklot jjust published by MUHST*. George Robertson and Co., "The 3'astimos of a Nineteenth Century Woinau," must beware how she arouses tho wrath of Mrs. Grundy, whom sho mollifies with mild reflections cu bicycling and affronts with (will it bo be- lieved '() a proposition that smoking id ono of tho pastimes of a nineteenth century woman. Tho nil vice of " Vipan Brownlow " is sound ¡ind genial, and she is, of course, very much up- to date in her advocacy of physical culturo for women. Golf and cycling they already have ndopted ; rowing.:mid swimming are not so popu- lar, hut worthy of tho greatest popularity. The point this writer makes is that a modest acquaint- ance with any of lier pastimes is quito good enough to help a woman, and sho eo far holioves iu a good argument as to say that a girl ought to learn games so as to bo a'olu to give wrinkles to grandchildren. That's a far cry. Mr. F. A. A. Russell, M.A., IUIH prepared an .'Introduction" to Tennyson's "Gareth and Lynette," the English book at the Junior Public "Examination, and Messrs. George Robertson and Co. are tho publishers. Tho text is not here. All that Mr. Russell aims at doing is to supply thc young student of this portion of tho Arthurian cyclo of Tennyson with a general introduction to the book, which may profitably be used iu con- duction with the prescribed text-book. It is rather unfortunate to have au introduction minus, toxt, but that probably is unavoidable in this case. Mr. Russell has done his work very judiciously, Brui the candidate or tho teacher will find his " Introduction " helpful. In passing wo may point out. an error. The dale of Tennyson's peerage is given on page l'.l so 1.S74 ; it should ho 1S3Ü.° " '" _ 