THE LATEST MARVELS ' OF ;; a: /; • :sgie^oe; • . ^ Thero was an unusiially,interesting; collec tion ofaome-of the latest scientific wonders at the annual conversazione of the Royal Society, held at Burlington House,. London, on May 20\. In some ways, perhaps (says the West ' 'minster Gazette), the, most striking, exhibit was •Mr. Wimshhrst's marvellous electrical .' in fluence machine, giving a spark of : 34 in. between the terminals and of 12 ft. on' the tables.- It is admirably fitted into a double ;mahogany and plate-glass . case,' the whole -..^secured by button-headed screws, so as to be ireadily taken to pieces for repairs or clean ing. \ The . largest previous machine; was ■lent' by this 1 veteran 'electrician to the -Crystal Palace for its Commemoration Exhibition:'; but being subsequently '• ap proached ..du-.behalf' of .the Victorian Exhibi tion • at Earl's-court, he had produced the largest and finest'machine of its class in the world, being three times the po wer "of the one .. at Sydenham. ■ Apparently promising some thing entirely new in-the shape of a Pepper's ghost" illusion, were the photographs Of optical projections in space, • by Mr.; : Eric. Stuart Bruce. These are very singiilarj ^being repro ductions'of optical images'which exist only in the air- at projected by a ■ graphesedpe. The instrument was exhibited in the society's . soirees of 1889 and 1894, and now the camera is . made to present to the eye ghostlike effects ■■ hi which other, . objects can be seen through the transparency of the aerial projections. .Of great' interest to the boating -man _ was Mr. E. G. Atkin sou's rowing indicator, showing continuous record. An ordinary indicator, diagram is recorded on a strip of paper on the drum by a pencil, rotating with the oar, and. moving vertically as the pressure of the oar compresses the spring. During the ' "swing forward," after a .'Stroke has-been recorded, automatic gear fvinds the diagram strip into a new posi tion, while other gear obtains a diagram, if desired, of only every-fifth stroke. With this instrument details with regard both to style and. horse-power can be secured of a course of 500 strokes.'_ Professor Silvanus . Thompson exhibited an ingenious model of a Hertz wave transmission, and also two kinematic modeii. Sir David ; Salomons showed' a wonderful rotating! mirror made by theCambridge Instrument Company. It rotates at a speed of 4S,000'turns per minute. ! Professor .Oliver Lodge exhibited a very delicate;'demonstration . of Zeeman's discovery of tho broadening of spectrum' lines by the acrion bf; a' magnetic field on the source of lighti . This'was perhaps the greatest novelty of tho evqningV.'as Pfb; fessor.Lodgebas only just'succeeded in show ing that not only dolTheTines' .broaden, but : split up into twos, threes, 'and'even more. This may-turn out td'be'foll of significance. ,' 