(SonMbuied ffiptiel e. CHATS WITH OHABLIE. By a Country Parson. VIII. — ' Damaged Coins Sold — Fiyk Shillings.' It's a fact Charlie ! In your Super's batch of letters re ceived just before we started on our journey, was one enclosing a Circuit plan from one of the wealthiest centres in the southern world. The published balance sheet contained the unique line I have just quoted. Never again let it be boastinelv said that there is no such thing in the Nineteenth Century as originality ; at least so far as Circuit Balance Sheets are concerned. That line Charlie has given me the blues. Bah ! it ia enough to ruin what little faith one may. still possess in human nature. What meanness, what cant, what lying to the Holy G-host is is here revealed to us. And yet, the pity of the thing is that it is so common. In every English speaking community you will meet with these cheats. Buttons, counters, tin tags, supernumerary threepenny's re fused by the grocer. I wonder, lives there in these colonies a Society Steward who ..possesses jiot. a list, of .such? . Be -thankful, Charlie, that you are not of the race of Adam. Human nature is a very uncertain and unsatis factory quantity. Surely there can be nothing in the position of the present day moral Evolutionist, otherwise you and I can but rejoice that we did not happen to sojourn here a few hundred years' ago. In all conscience, things even at their best, are bad enough now , after weary centuries of philosophising. Arguing by analogy, a process with which your logical mind must he familiar, what to-day can he the position of the non- Christian world when so much petty meanness creeps within the very door of the Sanctuary of Grod ? ' Damaged Coins ' forsooth — we have seen them in other places than upon the collection plate ! Tou remember that bale of lucerne hay old Bro. Snoodlings sent along for your Excellency's delectation. That unexpected fit of generosity fairly took away my breath. Surely at last the millenium was a coming ! It was only when I observed you turning up your educated nostrils at the gift, and after close inspection I was all -but choked by a cloud of horrid mildew that I took in the bearing of things. I should like to have thrust the whole rotten bale down the old sinner's throat. Damaged Coins ! ! Possibly Charlie you may remember the ride I gave to fat Mrs. Fairspeech, that day when the axle all but broke ? I all hut regret the bottom did not come out of the sulky. Was there ever such a woman ? And alas, she was the wife of the Junior Steward. The first time she came to the parsonage how she did fold my poor little wife to her capacious bosom. Worried to death in our new home not left over clean by our pre decessors, with your young parsons and parsonesseB knocking round* with treacle and dust on their dear little faces, wt- went into raptures over Mrs. Fair speech's offer of her trusted Jemima. Alas, had one hut known ! For weeks the good woman had been seeking to rid herself of that horrid girl. As for Jemima herself, how she would have gladdened the heart of a Charles Dickens ! She had not been in the service of the parsonage three days ere the wife discovered a Dalton China Cup one of our presentation afternoon set,. half full of hair oil, the chief ornament j ? on Jemima's dressing table. Charlie, man, I simply dare not give you details of that brief week with this veritable Topsy. Whenever I think of the Steward's wife I think of — Damaged Coins. - So long as that ecar remains on your withers Charlie, me thinks you are not likely to forget the ' Circuit Missionary ,r my Quarter Board hired to work the Gt-alomberee end of our Circuit. That Evangelical original not only .nearly cooked your goose for you, but scattered to the winds one of the best congrega tions in the Circuit. The poor fellow knew as much about a Circuit horse, as I do about the specific gravity of the waters in the canals on the planet Mars. Preach ? If threshing the pulpit bible to pieces within three months, and flinging crude anathemas at the heads of men who were saints, and manufac turing anecdotes so grotesque and thin,, that even old stonebreaker smith went into a fit of laughter over one of them ; if all this means preaching, our C.M. could easily have matriculated in. hon ors. And yet that good man was engaged on the recommendation of a very able divined — Damaged Coin. ' Once upon a time, Charlie, a horse was bought. Farmer Steward was the Vendor. Tour super was the patient operated on. Was ever such a quad ruped foaled? He was literally all points. So, alas was the man who sold him. I had him not a week before an ancient saddle gall reapeared on the ' % surface. For twelve weary months that gall was the worry of my life. Ere long he developed eccentricities of movement as grotesque as many of Peter Mackenzie's actions in the pulpit. Tou ; never knew where you had the brute. The pendulum of his factions was a swing between a bolt and a jib. What would have eventuated I know not, had not one of the errors of his youth, in.... the shape of a sprained shoulder, ap peared against him, and old Bob had to retire from the Active Ministry. And yet the man who sold me that Equine Monstrosity was a prof essor. His real name was — Damaged Coin ! ! I shall not soon forget a certain joke that, I believe, ran riot for months at our Sydney C.M.M- With much of gusto it was one day retailed to a num ber of Country Parsons who, like 1 myself, were up at our Connexional Jerusalem, attending the annual Cori ferential feast. The Mission staff had advertised for Christmas Grifts for the- ' Poor : — 'Anything, from a Biscuit to a Bullock ; from cast-off clothes to well filled cheques.' One memorable morn ing, a ponderous box arrived, labelled 'for the use of the poor.' It came from a distant country circuit. With glowing faces, the Super and his staff tore open that treasure box, to find— ? Oh, Maher-shalal-hash- baz ! — Coats, waistcoats, pants, socks, dresses, &c.;, &c.;, 1 literally alive ; possessed, not by a devil,, but by a Colony of Moths numerous enough to spread devastation througoufc any dozen Clarence-street woollen fac tories. Our friend 'the Keeper of the Synagogue,' had that box upon his nerves for months, — a clear caBe of Damaged Coin: . , Colleague mine, I dare say you re member our uniuue experiences over the letting the contract for the reatora- 1 tion of old Burnt Ash Church. The Trustees, loyal to John Wesley's dictum about trading with our own people, would persist in giving the work to t Jeremiah Slumley. How that old Damaged Coin harried ua to be sure. In three short months I learnt more about unseasoned timber, the Component parts of Cement and Sand, the substitu tion of Chalk for white lead, than during the rest of my years put together. I never could have imagined it possible ? ? for so great a difference to exist between , ' two numbers of window glass, or two guages of galvanized iron. That Con- - Continued on page 10. ' ' '(Continued from Page 3). tractor, albeit he was a ' Oncer' Metho dist, was a — Damaged Coin. But Charlie Man, why have I been meandering thus ? It's Monday ; and up yonder there's a big thunder cloud rolling along; and Quarterly Meeting is only three days off — a combination of forces depressing enough to give a mental twist even to your Super. Eh, but look you, there is another side to this doleful picture. The circuit balance sheet that furnished me my present text gave the circuit fund col lections at £212 15b 6d. So that Jive shillings for damaged coin is but a small proportion, after all. So in the Church proper. Cranks and shams there are in every congregation. Christ had them in His first and only circuit. And so it will be to the end of things. But these are the exceptions, the excres cences of every Church. Tou and I, Charlie must aim at being true blue. Let us squeeze out cant by the growth of truth. Just as you, Charlie, are the simple antithesis of old Bob, so I would that every Methodist in my circuit should strangle the least approach to meanness by the development of the spirit of the holy and genuine and noble Christ Himself. , Look out, Charlie man ! here comes that long threatened thunderstorm. Hurrah for corn and cabbages. Now, away old man — you for .Farmer Bright's cracked maize, and I for Mrs. Bright's hot scones and strawberry jam. Within three minutes of such travelling and We shall be there. And then, to Jericho with all the damaged coins in creation ! ! Mr. E. P. Field, barrister, has gone to England with his wife and family in order to avail himself of the new regu lations issued there for the admission of colonial barristers to practice. For six years he has carried on open air work in Moore-st., Sydney with much zeal. Previous to his departure a largely attended tea meeting was held and an illuminated address presented. A goodly number of ministers and friends as sembled on the wharf to wish him God speed. 