; AIM ARBITRATION. YARRA BANK LAND, n HAUNTED BUILDING. Judge Gaunt, .Mr John Buchan, and Mr Tiioiiias Bent sat as arbitrators in tl»e County Court judges' chambers Hits morning to hear tho evidence and decide the amount to be paid to Pearson'a trus- tees rot about 14 acres of land along the bank of the Yarnt, near the Botanical Gardens, required for the purpose of the Yarni Improvements scheme. The sum offered for Hie innd by the Board of Land nnd "Works was 1,5000, which sum Hv; trustees did not think sullleient. Mr Wi IL Bryant appeared for Pear son's trustees, and ' Mr IMgott repre sented thc Publlc Works department. It was mentioned by Mr Bryant, in his opening slateincnl, that one of the buildings on the land in question was brilcvod to be haunted by a ghost or ghosts. (Laughter.) Mr Pigott Indicated that one of lite points rolled upon by the department was Hjat 'the value of the remainder of tho property of the trustees would be enhanced til vnlue by the construction of 11 road along the Yurra bank.. . The first witness called for the trus tees wns Mr August Tuxon, surveyor. He produced a plan of the property In question prepared by him. T11 answer to Mr Buchan, tho witness stated that 8% arrcH of the land was Hooded in' the flood of ISM. .About T, acres It! perches of it were suhjeuted to nn ordinary Hood. The next witness was Mr Cornelius Joh.Hntn; M.L.C. He said that' in 1SS1 lie negotiated far the sale of the land in question. Mr Henry Hoyt purchased, for L3DOO, the whole of the Anderson street frontage, with tlio exception of a piece purcluiscd by Mr H. Bright. Ho has recently inspected the land in dispute nnd the buildings upon it. He valued 4 acres J9 perches of It nt 1-1550 an acre, totalling 1/1.002 :i» Od; nnd the remaining 10 acres ai 1,400 an acre, totalling L4.0OO. He added 10 per cent, for compulsory talcing, and. something for the building®. His .total valuation was LR.G02 7s !)d. He did not know of any other block of land with a river frontage wlthlni .the city boundary. There has been a consider able advance in the vnlue of the property since 18R1— probably to the extent of 40 to 50 per cent. He believed ho could realise the property at the amount he had named. In cross-examination by Mr Pigott. Mr Hum said that he was aware that the land was subject to flood. IJe did not value the land owing to its qualities for -growing wutor-eress. (Laughter.) He did believe, however, tiiat 5 per cent, interest could be earned from.tbe land if used for Chinese gar dens, at the valuation lie had named. Ilo wns not aware that the river water at tills point, was salt,, and could not be used for gardening purposes. Mr Malcolm M'Pherson, valuator, said he knew the Innd which was the subject of Inquiry. He valued the Innd at L8I19 and tlic building and fencing at L€00; he allowed L1000 for nomptilBory taking-" total, 1,9719. If the road proposed to he made were constructed llie vnlue of the frontage would he increased by about L2 ft foot. As far as he knew this was the only privately' owned block of land In the City 0/ Melbourne Hint had a river frontage. His valuation bore in mind that about two-thirds of the land was subject to flood. At a qunrter-nnst two the Board re journed till to-morrow at 10.30 o'clock. 