HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PERFORMED ? ' Front the Australian IKorkmati. In reply to the preliminary questions, said s " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The foots may be of value to thoso who aro strloken An T Wfifi." About five y oars ago, next Obrietmas, I met with on oooident. 1 was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the aooident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at tbe Glebe Island." « What were the symptoms ? " " Simply indescribable. The pains woro something terrible. They were just about as muob as I oould bear. They wero for ell tbe world like as if a saw wero outting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control ovor my bowels or bladder, and was a nuieanoe to myself and everyone else. I was inoessantly shivering and Bhaking, and could neither eat nur sleep.' -On the 23td Maroh last I saw a well-known dootor, and he told me that my c&sewas; utterly hopeless. Howover, he gave me . an order to the Direotor of Charitablo Institutions," " Did yon make use of the order P " No ; 1 came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in tod over slnco Fivoj weeks ago I oould not walk aoross tho floor i in faot) I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ' all over with mo, and only a question of days when I would give up tho ghost, My dootor was attending mo and did all bo oould, by opiutp qnd morphia pillsj to ease the agony I was in I was under him for nvo or six weeks. Ho oame to the canolusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disoaso of tbo spinal cord, charao- toripad by peouliar disturbances of gait and diflioulty in oo-ordinating voluntary move ments. Ho told mo that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get tho use of my logs. (Just then tho patient kiokod bis logs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infalUblo.) Well, just , as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at ou idea convoyed by tho advertiso- of another bo(lor-maker in England, which I road iu' tho 4 uslraliqn Pqrfc»;an, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Pooplo. I road in the advertisement of a oaso whioh seemed to fit my own, I determined to givo tbo Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tbo effoot was as marvellous as it was magioal. I was ablo to eat and sleep as though nothing was tho matter with mo. It was tbo first appetite and rest I bad for many a day. It was Incredible. I immediately left tbo bed, and wai ablo to movo about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tbo past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box, I oan walk about with tho aid of a stlok, and am gradually, bat surely, re covering my former yftjor and vitality. You see those crutches bore P. Thoywere made for me'bpforcrl got Dr, 'Williams' Pink Pills, but I wss to 'weak to use them, arid now f don't' \yapt 'tbeip. A|l t wQnt is this stlok, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly rogainiug my strength." Ho is 100 per cent, bettor," Bald Mrs. Jarvie, who had oomo in and takon tho baby on her kneos. 41 Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and mado another man of him," A friond who caliod in at this point, qaid that Jarvls looked top years younger that day than ho did a fortnight previously. " I oan now,", continued Jarvie, havo a oold bath, and MI tho fooling has oomo back in my logs. If I keep on going the way I am, - 1 hopo to bo ablo to csqmo work as a boilor.rpRbqrr Pnd Iu know I'have to bo in tfio very pink of health and strength to work at that trado. I, am bettor to-day than I havo been at any timo during tbo last flvo yoars. I asoribo all tbo change and benefit to thoso Pink Pills. Tboy havo saved my life. I am in no pain now, wbatover, and fool liko a new man. On tho mantlopieoo thoro is a box of opium and morphia pills, whioh tho dootor gave mo to doadon tho ox- oruoiutlog pain. But thoy OAn stay whoro thoy aro; for I no longer need thorn/ Evorv- body who 'kuowq m/bas bepa amused at tbo obango in mo, Tboy oan hardly boliovo their oycB. My being about again bas causod quito a sensation out hero." Suoh is tho romorkablo history, and con firms what is said in all tho cblof newspapers of tbfs country of tho astonishing anroe wrought by Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pato Pooplo Thoy oura locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tho many disorders which oriso from an impovoriehod stato of tho blood, such as anemia, polo and sallow complexion, general musoular weak- nose, indigestioo, loss of appetite, shortness oi breath, pains in tho bao.x, nervous head- aobos, oto. Thoso pills aro a tonic not a purg&tivo.; They are genutno only with tbo full namo, Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by obemiats and storekeepers gono rally, or tbo Dr. Williams' Mcdicino Com- pan;, Qnecns- plaoc, Sydney, will forward ou receipt of stamps or post order ono box for 2s. 9d., or half-do nen tor I4s. 9d. 