[?] The Christian." t — V" BY HALL OAINE, AUTHOR OP "THE MANXMAN. jLjlRD BOOK.— THE DEVIL'S ACRE. | XII.— (Continued). i u that moment tKere was another ar- was Lord Robert Ure. He kissed ll-a's hand, smUed on Glory, saluted Drake Imiliarlv and then settled himself on a jr. ,f„„i bv the tea table, pulled up the L« of bis" trousers, relaxed the congested fiK'te of one half of bis face and let fall cve glass. iDrafce was handing out the cups as Glory lei them. He was looking at her atteiJ- |ely, vexed at the change iu her manner Ince 'John Storm entered. . When he re- frned to his seat on the sofa he began to fcitch the car of her pug, which lay coiled I leep beside him, calling it an ugly little fatilenco, and wondering why Bhe carried fabout with her. Glory protested that it las an auge! of a dog, whereupon he sup- Ibsed it was now dreaming of paradise, listen. And then there were audible snores the silence, and everybody laughed, and gory screamed. |"T 'declare on my lionor, my dear," said Brake, xvitli a mischievous look at John, "the Sealure is uglier than the beast that did tte business on the day we eloped." i"Eloped!" cried Rosa and Lord Robert Bgether. i"Wliy, did you never hear that Glory »ped with me?" ' BGlory was trying to drown his voice with allow laughter. ff'Shc was 7 and I was CI, and she, had Boposed to me in the orchard the day be- 'Anybody have more tea? No? Some Ily Lun, perhaps?" and then; more laugh- KRold your tongue, Glory. Nobody wants Kir tea. Let us hear the story," said Rosa. E'YVhy, yes, certainly," said Lord' Robert, Ed everybody laughed again. B'Shenns ail for travel and triumphal pro- Ssions in these days . :.7. . gporv stopped her ears and began to, sing, VRly, Willy "Wilkin, Kissed the Maid fiiiikin', Fa, la, la." 'There were so many things people could M if they wouldn't waste so . much time rarking . . , S'Willy, Willy Wilkin, Kissed the Mid . . . ." a'GIorj', if you don't bequietxve'lltiTrn mi out," and Rosa got up and .flourished Mr proofs. B'l had brought my pug, and when I. called It . . Slut Glory lmd leapt to her feet, and fled Km the room. Drake had leapt up also, |M now putting his back against the door raised his voice, and went on with his 8'- Somebody saved us, though, and she lay gliis anus and kissed him all the way Hmc again." SGIory was strumming on the door and raging to drown his voice. When the story lis ended, and she was allowed to come Bck, she was panting and gasping with tighter, but there were tears in her eyes ® all that, and Lord Robert was saying, nth a sidelong look towards John Storm, Really, this ought to be a scene in the new JSurdsen, don't you know!" wTohn had retired within himself during ®s nonsense. He had been feeling an in- ®se hatred of the two men, and was look- 8 48 gloomy as deep water. "All acting, g-er acting," he thought, and then he told Resell" that Glory was only worthy of his ®tempt. What could attract her iu the Hpety of sueli men? Only their wealth, Wir social station. Their intellectual and 8? atmosphere must weary and revolt Bjesa had to go to her newspaper office, B Drake saw- her to the door. J ohn rose 1,1 5?me ''me> and Glory said, "Going al- Bdy. but she did not trv to detain him. f Would see huu again; she had mucli to f to him. "I suppose you were surprised near that I had returned to London?" Maid, looking up art liis knitted brows, e uid not answer immediately, and Lord l v'10 was leaning against- tlie eliim- 0 Piece, said in his cold drawl, "Your ifDpat'T to 116 'mPPy that you have re- >, . 0 London, seems to me, my dear, . u of wasting your life in that- wilder- hmH1 i'',ro,r himself up. Ilis prido was h- "P the light tone of the man's fa- j J' tt's not London I object to," he rtti 7 , 1 'was inevitable, I dare Bay." "hat then.?" How " I>r0e£sion s'le has come back to what's amiss with the profession?" 1 the "ohert, and Drake, who returned kat'« rom at 'he moment, said, "Yes, en in a,TSS it? Some of the best bob" world have belonged to it, I le win\the name t one f them since hfitian $8 w ever- hved an active ma.e a hhik of laughter, and be win, i - window began to play' a We Tir i"B Bcr tips on the glass of a ycd to keep a straight T/ic"zeaderlaa iB T'c'ortB has "That is not their role, sir." "Very well, if that's too much to ask, tell mo how many of them have done anything in real life, anything for the world, for hu manity, anything whatever; I don't care what it is." "You are unreasonable, sir," said Drake, "and such objections could as properly ap ply to the professions of the painter and the musician. These are the children of joy. Their first function is to amuse. And surely amusement has its place in real life, as you say." "On the contrary," said John, following his own thought, for he had not listened; "how many of them have lived lives of reckless abandonment, self-indulgence and even scandalous licence?" "Those are abuses that apply equally to other professions, Bir. Even the church is not free from them. But in the view of reasonable beings one clergyman of evil life, nay, one hundred, would not make the pro fession of the clergy had." "A profession," said J ohn, "which appeals above all to the senses, and lives on the emotions, aud fosters jealousy and vanity and backbiting, and develops duplicity and exists on lies, and does nothing to encourage self sacrifice, or to help suffering humauity is a bad profession and a sinful one." "If a profession is sinful," said Drake, "in degree as it appeals to the senses and lives on the emotions and develops duplicity, then the profession of the church is the most sin ful in the world, .for it offers the .greatest temptations to lying, and jiroducea the worst hypocrites ana impostors." That,' said John, with eyes flashing and passion vibrating in his voice, "that, sir, is the great liar's everlasting lie— and you know it!" Glory was between them with uplifted hands. Peace/peace! Blessed is the peace maker. But tea! Will nobodv take more tea? Oh, dear! Oh, dear! Why can't we have tea over again?"- "I klinw wlint. vmi nifinn cSn " You mean that. I have .brought Glory back to a life of danger and vanity and sloth and sensuality. Very well! I deny your de finition; but call it what you will, I have brought her back to the only life her talents are fit for, and if thatr's all . . ." "Would you have done the same for vour own sister?" "But how dave yon introduce iny sister's name in this connection?" "And how dare you resent it? What's good for one woman is good , for another." 7' Glory was turning aside and Drake was looking ashamed. "Of course— naturally- all I meant," he faltered,— "if a girl has to earn her living, whatever 'her- talents; 'her' genius— that is one thing— hilt the upper classes, I mean the leisured classes " . ."Damn" the leisured classes, sir," said John, and in the silence that followed the .meivlooked- round, but Glory ...was:-.- gone front the room. Lord Robert, who had been, whistling at the window, said to Drake in u cynical un dertone,. "The man is hipped anil sore. Ho has lost ' his challenge, and we ought to make allowances fur him, don't you know." . Drake tried to laugh. "I'm willing to make allowances," he said lightly, "but when a man talks to me as if— as if 1 meant to " but the light tono broke down, and he faced round upon John and burst out passionately, "What right liavc you to talk to me like this? What is there in my char acter, in my life, that justifies it? What Woman's honor have I betrayed? What have I done that is unworthy of the char acter of an English gentleman?" John took a stride forward, anil came face to face and eye to eye with him. "What have you done?" lie said... "You have used a woman as your decoy to win your challenge as you say, and 'you have struck n\e in the face with the hnnd of the woman I love. That's what you've done, sir, anil if it's worthy of the charac ter of on English gentleman, then God help England." Drake put his hand to his head, and his flushed face turned pale. But Lord Robert Urc stepped forward and said, with " a smile, "H ell, and if you've lost; your church so much the better. _ You are only an -out sider in the ecclesiastical stud, anyway. Who wants you? Your rector doesn't want you. Your Bishop doesn't Want you. No body- wants you, if 5-011 ask me." "I don't ask you. Lord Robert,", said John, "but there's somebody who does want me, for nil that. Shall f tell you who it is? It's the poor and helpless girl who has been deceived by the base and selfish man, and then left to fight the battle of life alonc, or to die 115- suicide and go ahud- uciuig uuwu 10 nun. .l nil 1 s wuo nanus me, sir, and, God willing, I mean to stand by her." "Dammy, sir, if 3-011 mean me, let me tell 3'ou what you are," said Lord Robert, screwing up his eyeglass. "You, "shaking liis heed right and left, "You are a man who takes ilelicatefy nurtured ladies out of sheltered homes and sends them into holes and hovels iu search of abandoned women and their misbegotten children. Why," turning to Drake, "what do >-ou think fins happened? My wife has fallen under this gentleman's inflnonce, the poor simpleton, and not one hour before I left 1113- house she brought home a child which lie had given her to adopt. Think of it! Out of the shambles of Soho, and God knows whose brat and bastard!" The words were hardly out of the man's mouth when John Storm had taken him by both shoulders. God does know," lie said, "and so do I. Shall I tell 3'ou whose child that is? Shall I? It's yours!" The man saw it coming and turned white as a ghost. "Yours, and your wife has taken up the burden of your sin and shame, for she s a good woman, and you are not fit to live on tlio earth she walks upon." He left the two men speechless and went heavily down the stairs. Glory was wait ing for him at the door. Her eyes were glistening after recent tears. "You will come no more," she said. She could read liim like a book. "I can see that 3'ou intend to come 110 more." He did not den3r it, and after a moment she opened the door and he passed out with a look of utter weariness. Then she went back to her room and flung herself on the bed. face downwards. The men in the drawingrooni were begin ning to recover themselves. Lord Robert was humming a tune, Drake was pacing to anil fro. "Buying up his church to make a theatre for Glory was the very refinement of cruelty," said Drake. "Good heavens, what possessed me?" "Original sin, dear hoy," said Lord Ro bert, with a curl of the hp. "A bad plagiarism, you mean," said Drake, bitteriy. "Very well! If I helped you to do it, shall I help you to give it up? Withdraw the prospectus and return the deposits on shares — the dear Archdeacon's among the rest." Drake took up his hat and left the house. Lord Robert followed him presently. Then the drawingrooni xvas empty, and the hol low sound of sobbing came down to it from the bedroom above. Father Storm said prayers in church that night with a hard and absent heart. A ter rible impulse of hate had taken hold of him. He hated Drake, he hated Gloiy, lie hated himself most of all, and felt as if seven devils had taken possession of him, and lie was a hypocrite and might fall dead at the altar. "But what a fate the Almighty has saved mo from!" he thought. Glory would have been n drag on his work for life. He must forget her. She was only worthy of his contempt. Yet he could not help hut re member how beautiful she had looked in her mourning dress and with that pure, pale face and its signs of suffering! Or liow charming she had seemed to him even iu the midst of all that deception! Or how she had held him as b>' a spell! Going home he came upon a group of mien in the court. One of them, planted himself full in front, and said with an insolent swagger, "Ale and my mites thinks there's too many parsons ahart 'ere— what do you think, sir? "I think there are more gamblers and thieves, my lad," he answered, and at the next instant the man had .struck him in the face. He closed with. the' -ruffian, grappled him by the throat, and flung him on his hack. One .moment lie Held, him there, writhing anil gasping: then he said, "Get.up and get off, and let me . see no more -of 3'ou. '- 7 . "No, sir, not this time, a said a voice above his back.. . The crowd had melted awa>-, and a policeman; stood beside tliem. "I've been waiting for this 'one for weeks, father," he said, and he: marched the man to gaol. ' \7 ,7V-;;yy "-7 " - . , „ It xvas Charlie Wilkes.' At the trial of Afro. June; that morning, .Aggie, being a ivituess, had been required to mention his name. It xvas all in the evening papers, and he had been dismissed from Ins timo keep ing at the foundry. XIII. - A xveek passed. Breakfast xx-as over at Victoria-square, and John Storm xx-as gianc- inc over the nages of . a xvcekly paper. _ "Listen!" lie cried, and- then read in a light tone "of mock- brax-eiy, that broke doxvn at length into a husky gurgle: — " 'The s3-mpathy which' has lately been evoked hs'; the announcement that a pro prietary church in Solio lias been sold for secular uses is creditable to public senti ment . . . ' "Think of that,.- noxv/' interrupted/Mrs. Cullender. " ' . . . and no doubt the xx'liole com munity xv-ill" agree to hope that Father Storm xx-ill recover from the irritation natu ral to his eviction . . .' " "Aye, xx-e can all get over another body's .disuppointmentr laduie." - ". . . hut there is a danger that in this instance the altruism of the time may dox-elop a sentimentality "not entirely good for public morals. . . .' ." "When the ox is iloxx'n there are lots of butchers — ye ken." . . With the uses to which the fa bric is to he converted- it is 110 part of our purpose to deal, farther than to lvarn the public not to lend an ear to the all too prurient purity of the amateur moralist; but-, considering the. character of the xvork noxv. carried on in. Soho,. no doubt xvitli the best intentions . . . "Aye, 113-0.' . It's ens3- to stoul the goose and give tlie giblct in ahns." " ' . . . it behoves us to consider if the cominunit3- is not to be congratulated 011 its speeds' and effectual, ending. Father Storm is. a young, man of some talents and social position,. but xvitlidut ans' special expefienco or knoxvledge of tlie xx- orld. ; . . . " - : "Oil yes, he's doxvn, doxx-n xvith him!" ... and therefore it is monstrous that lie' should'- be" allowed to subvert '. the order of social life or disturb the broad grounds of the reasonable anil the practi cal. . . . - . ' "Nex-er mind. High winds 011I3' blow on high hills, laddie." . . As for. the" "fallen sister" xx-hom lie has taken under his special care, xx'e confess to ii feeling that too much sym patic- iins been xx-astciTbn lier alreadx. "Her feet take hold of hell; her house is the xx-03- of tlie grave, going .doxvn to the chamber of death. . . .' " Airs. Cullender leapt to her feet. "That's the deacon— I ken' the clox'en hoof." 7 John Storm hail flung tlie paper axvny. " What a 'cownrdR- ' world it is, he said. "But God -wins'- in the end,' and Iw.God he shall!"; " "'J'ut. ninn, don't tak' on like that. Yoii rtnn'f. flli'nili . flio. Alno -nn Vrtll see. But, as for the deacon, pooh! I'm no xvindy abbot your, 'sisters' and 'settlements' and sic like, but if there had been society papers iii the Lord's time Simon the Phari see xvould liax-e.heeii a iianxby-pamby critic compared to soihe of .them." , . A moment -'afterwards . she xvas 'looking out of tlie ; window and holding up both hands. "Ary gracious! It's himself! It's the Prime Alinister!" A gaunt" old gentleman xvitli/ a meagre inmislaclie.' xvcaring a broad brimmed hat and unfashionable black clothes, xvas step- '''"I'es? iCs'niy 'unele," said John, and the old lady fled out of the' room to change her 'I have heard what has happened, John, so I hax-e come to see 3-ou," said the Prime Minister. ... . _ . Was he thinking of the money? John felt uneas3- and ashamed. "I'm sorry, my ho.x-. x-ery sorry." "Tlinnk you, uncle. "Bat it all comes, 5-ou sec, of the ridicu lous idea that xve are a Christian nation. Such a thing couldn't have occurred at the shrine of a pagan god." "It xvas only a proprietary church, uncle. I xvas much to blame." "What difference of principle does that make, mx- hoy? None at all. To sell a church seems like the climax of irrex-erence, but they nro doing as bad ex-ow day. If vou xvnnt to seo xvhat times the church has fallen on look at the advertisements in your religious papers, your "Benefice and Church Patronage Gazettes," and so forth. A traffic, John, a slave traffic, xvorse than anything in Africa, where they sell bodies, not souls., "It is a crime which cries to the ax-enging anger of hcax-en, sir," said John, 'but it is the establishment that is to blame, not the church, uncle." "We are a nation of money lenders, my boy, and the church is the xx'orst usurer of them all, xvith its learned divines in scarlet hoods, xx-ho hold shares in music halls, and its fathers in God living at ease and leasing out public houses. You have been lending money on usury too, and on a had security. What are you going to do noxv?" "Go on xvith my xvork, uncle, and do ten hours xvliere I did five before. "And get 3-ourself kicked xvhere yon got 3'ourself kicked before!" "WI13' not? If God puts 10 pounds on a man He gives him strength to bear 20." "John, John, I am teeling rather sore, and I can't hear much more ot it. I'm gvoxx-- ing old and my life is rather lonely, too. Ex cept your father you are my only kinsman noxv, and it seems as if our old family must die xvith you. But come, my bo3r, come, tliroxv up all this sorry masquerade. Isn't there a xx-oman in the xx-orid xvho can help me to persuade you? I don't care xx-ho she is, or xvhat, or xvliere she comes from." John had colored to the eyes, and xx-as stammering something about the true priest ! cut off from eartlifs- marriage — therefore free to commit himself completely to his xx-ork— xvhen Aire. Callendcr came back, spruce and smart, xx-itli many smiles and curtsies. The Prime Alinister greeted her xvitli the same old-fashioneil curtsey, and they cooed axvay like txvo old doves, until a splen did equipage drove up to the door, and the plain old gentleman uro\\-e axvay in it. "Wasn't lie nice xvith mc — xrasn't he noxv?" the old lady kept saying, and John being silent, "Tut! you 3-oung men are just puir lobioll.ylioys xvith a leuily xvlien the auld ones come." _ Going to Soho that da3' John Storm felt a sudden thrill at seeing on the street in front of him, xwnlkihg in the same direction, an elderlv figure in cassock and cord. It was tlie . Father - Superior of the , Brotherhood. John o\\-ertook him and greeted him. u - "Ah, I xvas 011 iny - way.1. to' see: yoii,. my son." . "Then 3-011 have heard '-what' lias, hap pened?" "Yes, Satan's shafts fly; fast. Then taking John's arm as they xvallied, "Earth! v snubs are hut reminders of 'Himj'.my son; like the hair shirt of the monk, and this trouble of x-ours is God's reminder of your broken obedience. What did I tell you xvhen you left us — that 3'ou xvould come back xvithin a year?- And 3'ou xx-ill! Leave the world, iny son. It treats' you badb. The human spirit reigns over it, and even the church is a Christian society out of the sphere and guidance of the Divine spirit. Leave it, and return to your unfinished x-oxx-s." John shook his head and took tlie .Father into the clergy house, where the girls xx-ere gathering for the evening. Hoxv can 1 Feax-e the xvorld, Father,' lie said, ''xvhen there's xx-ork like this to do? Society pre-| scuts to a large proportion of these ,hnglit; creatures the alternative, 'Sell 3-ourself .or . starx-e.' But God says, 'Xive, xvork aiid; lox'o.' Therefore soeiets- is doomed, and that dead man's sepulchre,, the Establishment, ; is doomed, but the Church will live, and be-i come the corner stone, of the nexv order andj stand' hetxveen xvoman and the xvorld as it ; stood of old hetxveen the poor and the! rieli!" . The Father preached for John that 'night,! taking for ins text, "The . flesh lusteth against . the Spirit and the Spirit against f the flesh." And 011 parting from- him at the. door of the sacrists- lie said, "Religious xvork can only be good, my son, if it eon- cerns itself first of all xx-itli the salvation of souls. Noxv xvhat if it pleased God to re move 3-011 from; all this — to call 3-ou to a work, of .-intercession— S113' to tlie mission field?" John's face turned pale. "There can be no need to fly," he said xvitli a frightened look. "Surely London is a mission field xvide enough for any man." 7. "Yet, xvho knoxvs? - Perhaps, for your oxvn soul's sake, lest vanity should take hold of you, or the lox-e of fame, or. . . or any. of the snares of Satan! But good-b3e, and God bp xvitli 3-ou!" " When John Storm reached home lie found a letter axvaiting hiin. It xx-as from Glory: "Are you dead and buried? If so, send me xx-ord, that I may compose 3'our.epi-! tapli. 'Here lies. ' . ' . ' Lies is good, lor though you ' didn't promise . to come back >-ou ought to liax-e done so, therefore it comes to tlie same thing in the end. You must not th'iiik too' ill of Air. Drake. I call ihiin the milk, of human kindness, and his friend Lord Robert the oil thereof— I mean the oil of vitriol. But liis temper is like the Caspian Sea, having neither ebb nor floxx, xvliile yours is like tlie Bay of Biscay 0, so I can't expect you to agree. As for poor me, I may be guilty of all tlie seven deadly sins, hut I can't see xvh>- I should be bo3'cotted on that account. There is something I didn't know xx-hen you .were here, and I x\\-ant to explain about it. Therefore, come 'right axva3-' (Lord Bob, .Americanised). Being sloxv to anger and plenteous in mercy, I xvill forgive you if vou come soon. If 3-ou dbn't I II . . I'll go on the hike— feminine emiix-alcnt to thedrink. To tell you the trnth, I'x-e doneso alreads", having been careering around the gardens of the inn during tlie early hours of morning clad in Rosa's 'bloomers, 111 'which' I make a picture and a sensation at tlie same time, she being several sizes larger round the hips and fearfully and wonder fully made. If that doesn't fetch'ynu 111 go 111 for boxing next, and in a pair of 5 oz. gloves I'll cut a striking figure, I can tell you.' ' . . , _ "But, John- Storm, you cast me off entirely? Do you intend to abnndon me? Do you think there is no salx-ation left for me," and are 3rou going to let mo sink in all this mire, xvi'thout stretching out a hand to help me! Oh dear, Oh dear! I don't lcnoiv xvhat has como ox-er the silly old xvorld since I came back to London. Hunk it must) he teething, judging by the sharpness of its bite, and ieel as it I snoulu like to give it a dose of ss'rup of sqnills. "GLORY' " As John read the letter liis e3'elids Slivered and his mouth relaxed. Then he nncod at it again and his face clouded. "I cannot leave her utterly to the mercy of men like these," he thought. This innocent darling, this babe like rip ping up of serx-iceahle conx-entions. God knows xvhat advantage such men might take of it. He must see her at onee again — to xx'arn, to counsel her. It xvas his dut3'— lie must not shrink from it. . It had been a day of painful impressions to Glory. Eariv in the morning Lord Robert had called to take her to the .read ing" of the nexv play.. It took place in tlie saloon of an unoccupied Strand theatre, of xrhich the stage also had been engaged for rehearsal. The company xvere gathered there, and being more or less experienced actors and actresses tlicy received her with looks of courteons indulgence; as one whose leading place must he duo to other things than talent. This stung her, she felt her position to be a false one, and xx-as x-exed that she had permitted Lord Robert to call for her. But her humiliation had 3'et hardly , begun. 1 While they stood xvaiting fodrehe manager, xvho xvas late, a gorgeous person xvith a xvaxed moustache and in am'ur-lined coat, redolent of the mixed odor of jierfnme and stale'tobacco, crushed his xvift- up to her and offered liis card. She knew (juic man iii-h moment, t "I'm J osephs," he said, in a 'confidenfiw. undertone, "and if there's anytlring I can 'do, for 3'ou — acting mauagemeiA-Tanything— ft' vill give mc plcesure." | Glory flushed up, and said; ."But voitP don't seem to remember, sir, ulfaf we haveflL met before." \ O The man smiled bland!-. "CHii-Qes! I've- kept trac-k of 3-011 e\\-er since ailn 'Enow all about yon. \rou hadn't made volra -appear ance then, and naturally I couldn't do much. But noxv . . . noxv if ymi vill gix-e me de pleesure ..." "Then an agent is one xvho can do notmftgww for you xviien you xvnnt lieip, but xx-hen >-oa don t-xvant it . . ." The man laughed to carry off his audacity. "Veil, 3-ou knoxv vhat they say of us— agent from ngore, 'to do,' and x-e're alxvax'S 'doing.' Ha, ha! But if you are villing to ; let hi'gones he bs'gones, I am, and vel- como." 1 Glory's face xvas crimson. "Will some body go for the stage doorkeeper?" she said, and one of the corapaii5- went out on time errand. Then raising her voice so that ever3'body listened, she said, "Air. Josephs, xx-hen I xx-as quite uuknoxvn, and trying to get on, and finding it very hard, as we all do, you played me the cruellest trick a man :e\er played on a xvoman. I don't owe you ;an3- griiagc, hut for the sake of every noor girt wlio is struggling to live in London I am going to-tm-n you out of the house." "Eli? Vhat?" Tlie stage doorkeeper had entered. "Por ter, do 3'ou see this gentleman? He is never to come into this theatre again as long as xx-e are here, and if he tries to fovce.his xvay. in you are to call a policeman and hax-e him bundled hack into the street." "Dnildle doo," and the xx-axed moustache over the' grinning .mouth seemed to cut the face across! When Josephs had gone Glory could see timt the looks of indulgence on the faces of the company had gone also. "She'll do," said one. "She's got : the. stuff in her," said, another, but Gloiy herself xvas now quaking with fear, and her troubles xvere not 3-et ended. . . A little stout gentleman ; entered hur riedly, xx-ith a . roll of papers in his hand. He stepped up to Lord Robert, apologised for being late; and mopped his bald crown and red face.: It was befton. \- "This is to he our manager," said Lord Robert, and Mr. Sefton bobbed his . head, xvinked xvith both eyes and said "Charmed, . I'm sure, charmed! Gloiy" could have sunk into the earth for shame, .but; in a moment she had realised the crushing truth that xylien'a xvoman has been" insulted in tlie deepest place, in her honor, the best she can do is to say nothing about it. " ' ' ' . . 'The company seated themselves around the saloon, anil the reading: was begun. First came, the list of characters, xvith the names of : the cast.. Glory's name and .character came last, and her nerves throbbed with sudden pain xvhen the manager said — "And Gloria— Aliss Glory. Quayle." There xvas a confused murmur, and then' the company composed themselves to listen. It xx-as Gloria's play. She xvas rather scan dalous; After tlie first act Glory thought it was going to be the story of Nell Gxx-ynue in modern life, after the second of Lady : Hamilton, and after'the third, in xx-hieh the xx-oman xx-reelcs and ruins the first man ink England, she knexv it xx-as only another ver sion of "The Harlot's Progress," and must end as that had ended. . " Tlie actors xx- ere xx-atehing their own parts and pointing and punctuating xvitli signifi cant looks the places xx-liere the chances came, hut Glors' xx-as overxx- helmed xvitli con- : . fusion. Hoxx-." xx-as she to play this evil xx-oman? The poison xx-erit to the bone, and to get into the skin of such _a creature a .good xvoman xvould have to dispossess her self of lier- very soul. The reading ended, ox-ery member of tlie company congratulated some other member on the other's oppor tunities, and Sefton came np to Glory to" ask if.elie did not find the play strong and the hart magnificent. "Yes," she said, "hut onls a had xvoman could plav that part .properly.".'- "You'll do it, my dear; 3-ou'll do it on your oxxm," lie answered, gaily, and she xvent home perplexed, depressed, beaten doxx-n and ashamed. ' A nexvspaper had been left at the door. It xvas a second rate theatrical journal, still damp from tlie press. The hand writing on tlie wrapper was Joseph's, and there . was a paragraph marked in blue pencil. It pre- 1 tended to he a record of her short career, mid ex-erything xvas in it— the programme selling, the dressing, the foreign clubs— aU the refuse of her former existence, set in a 1 sinister light, and leaving an impression of abject upbringing as of one xx-ho had been in the street,, if' not on tliem. .. Well, she had chosen her life, and must take it at its oxx-n price. But, oh! tlie cruelty of the xvorld to a xx-oman, xvhen her very success could be lier shame! . She felt that the past had gripped her again— the pitiless past— she could never drag herseli out of tlie mire. . , > (To he continued.) , . 