A WONDERFUL WOMAN; ORL, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XIV.-(Continued.) 'It is of no use-all "vital p?ower Is gone. He never will sign his name sanin," Dr. Graves said; "he is exciting himself dangerously and uselesily." The dying man heard, and understood. DIie eyes turned on Katherine with a speechless anguish terrible tod'ee. "Too late! too late!" they heard :him groa. "Oh, Heaven! too late!" Ka:terline's arms encircled him: She pressed her cold face close to his. "Papa, darling," she said, softly. and sweetly. "I don't want you to grieve for ie--to think of me even. You are very, very ill-very ill, papa, and-had we not better send for a clergyman?" He made a feeble motion, but it was doubtful if he heard her. A stupor-the stupor which precedes death-was gath ering over him; his dull eyes closed; his pale Urps muttered; he moaned ceaseless Iy. The great last change was very ear.. The sun was high in the blue January sky now, the whole world jubilant with the glad sunlight of the New Year. And in the town of Castleford people talked with bated breath "f the strange, dread tragedy at Scarswood, and of nothing else. in a house in the remotest suburbs of the town, Gaston Dantree lay, sense less still, while life and death fought their sharp battle above his pillow. 'And in that stately and spacious chamber at Scarswood its lord lay dying, while cler gyman and physicians stood by, useless, and In vain. Katherine never left him-she neither slept nor ate. As she had been from the first-tearless, noiseless-so she was to the last. .Morning came and passed. The short January afternoon wore on. The sun dropped low, the blue twilight shadows were gathering once more. That cele brated physician from London had ar rived, but all the physicians in the great modern Babylonwereof littleavail now. Lower-and lower the red, wintry sun dropped, flushing earthl. ad sky with rose light, and as its lest red ray faded and died amid the trees of Scarswood Park, Sir John Dangerfield passed from Scarswood and all earthly possessions for ever. Without sign or struggle, the shadow that goes before crept up. and in one quiet instant shut out the light of life from all the face. Up and down, up and down in the crim .enu splendors of that New Year sunset, Peter Dangerfield paced under the leaf less trees. No pang of pity, no touch of remorse, came to him-It was not in his nature to feel either. He only waited in a fever of impatience for the end. It came. As he stood for an instant, his eyes fixed on that red radiance in the west. thinking how fair and stately Scarswood looked beneath its light, Dr. Graves approached him. One look at his face wasenough! His heart-gave a great leap. At last! at last!-- his hour had come. "Sir Peter Dangerfield," the physician gravely said. "your uncle is dead." "Sir Peter!" He turned faint and giddy for a mo Inent with great joy, and leaned speech lessly against a tree. Then he started up, his face flushing dark red, and made hastily for the house. Never before had the old baronial hall looked half so no ble, half so grand; never before had the fair domain spread around him seemed half so stately an inheritance as now, when he stood there, In this-first Janu ary sunset, master of Scarswood. CHAPTER XV.-"DEAD OR ALIVE!" The funeral was over, and a very grand and stately ceremonial it had been. There had been a long procession of the carriages of the county families, of the Dangerfield tenantry, and the tradespeople of Castleford. The funeral was over, and in the pale yellow glimmer of the January sunset the mourning coaches and the family a?rrlages went their way, and the dead roan's adopted daughter was driven tack home. The pale yellow glow of the suiset was rmerging Into the gloomy grey of even ing as they reached Scarswood. Her faithful friend, Edith Talbot, who had been with her from the first, was witlh her still. The blinds were drawn up, shutters unbarred, but the servants, clad is deepest moirning, moved-about like Ghosts, with liated breath and hushed voices, as though the lord of the manor still lay in state in these silent upper rcoms. It all struck with a dreary chill on the heart of Miss Talbot-the'gloom, the si lence, the mourning robes, the, desola tion. She shuddered a little, and clung closer to Katherine's arm, who was white as death. At all times she had been pale, but not like this-never be fare like this! As she had been from the first hour of the blow, so she was still-silent-tearless, rigid. She drew her friend's face down, how ever, and kissed It again and again. And Katherine held her tight for one mo m?ent, and then left her. Katherine was not alone, however. There had followed their carriage ,to Scarswood another, and that other con tained the heir and the late baronet's t.swyer. Mr Mansfield, the Castleford s?licItor, was talking very earnestly con c-:rning that unhigned and invalid will. They reached Scarswood, Sir Peter and the lawyer. The old house ioomed up i'. the chill, grey. wintry twilight "I am going to the library, Mans field," the new bardnet said, With cool familiarity: "If you or--Miss Danger feld want me, you can send for me there. Only this:premise: I will cbme to no terms with her in your presence. "ihat I have to say to her Ishall say. to l-r alone." . He opened the library door. entered, and closed it with an emphatic bang. The eider man looked anxiously after hIm on the landing. " "What does that little reptile mean? I don't half-like the tone in. which he speaks of Katherine. He doesn't mean tc-no, he daren't-no man dare insult hrr in the hour of her downfall." MIr Mansfield'sent a servant to an runce his presence, the French girl, Iinotn: she returned to him in a mo .ent, and ushered him into the room where Katherine sat, alone. She looked round and held out -her hand to her friend. with the faint sha dow" of her former bright smile. "aly dear." he said, very gentl.y, "I do net intrude upon you too soon, do I? But I could not wait; I came with-Sir Peter s:traight from the funeral here. As things stand now, the sooner your affairs are Settled the better." She lifted her head a little and looked at him. "Peter Dangerfieid here-so soon! He . in haste to take possession. Does he intend to remain all night--and am I to lave at once?" "You are not to leave until -ou see fit. for a thousand Peter Dangerfields! -I d:n't know whether he Intends remain ing over night or not: certalnly not, thougli. I should say, if you obJect,'!: "I? What right have Ito object? The hause is his, and everythlng in It. -He is D'rfectly justifled Iri taking:possessIon It once, and in turning me out if he sees "He will never do that, my child; and I thiniik--i hope-I am sure he will act B. common justice requires,and give you at ncne the three thousand pounds your father bequeathed to you In that unsign wi will." She half rose from her chair: a light fi-hed into her face; a rush of passion a'. words leaped to her lips. But alt a_ oneS shte checked herself-she who a'er before had checked a silgle erlo ti'n. She sank slowly back into her "-t, and a strange, set expression har 4t ed her mouth. You think so. Mr Inastehl-you .t k h still be generous enough for I" a his ower not to give it to me I lie \--thoser three thousand poundts?" 228 "Certainly, it is in his power: but no one save the veriest monster would think of acting a part so thoroughly mean and base." She listened very quietly, the shadow of a scornful smile on her face. '"Mr Mansfield, I am afraid there is something wanting in your knowledge of human nature, in your opinion of Sir Peter Dangerfield. You forget that some months ago I refusedto marry him that I even insulted him-my abomin able temper, Mr Mansfield. I think Sir Peter is a gentleman who will conscien tiously pay every debt of that sort, to the uttermost farthing.", 'Well, anyhow, he wishes to see you," added the lawyer. "He is in the library. Shall I go and send him here, or would you rather it were tc-morrow;?" " Send him now, by all means," 'she' said. "Let us see how generous Peter Danger-field can be." He got up,, walked Irresolutely to the door, hesitated a'moment, then came suddenly back. a : "And, Miss DangerfieldoKatherine," he said, impetuously, "if you should fling his miserable dole back in his face; don't fear that you shall ever want a home; I have no daughters of my .own; come with me to Castleford, and brighten the lives of two old hum-drum people. Come and be my daughte? for the rest of your life." - - He gave her no time to answer; he hurried away, and rapped smartly at the library.door. Peter Dangerfield's small, colorless.face looked out. 1 "What is it ?" he asked. "Am I to go upstairs ?" - "You are," responded Mr Mansfield. curtly; "and, as you dealwith that poor child in her trouble, may the good, just Gcd deal by you. I shall' remain here and take her home with me to-night, If she will come." Peter Dangerfield sm!lled-an evil and most sinister smile. "I think it extremely likely she :will r go," he said. "'The two-storey brick dwelling 'of Mr. Mansfield, the solicitor, will be rather an awkward change after the gaiety and grandeur of Scarswood; but then, beggars mustn't be choosers." He walked straight upstairs, still with a smile on his face-still with that exult Ing glow-at his heart. He opened the door without ceremony, t and walked in. The room.was brightly lighted now; Iatherine had lit the clus ters of wax tapers in the chandeliers, and stirred the fire Into a brighter blaze., She had left her seat, and was leaning lightly against the mantelpiece,, her hands hanging loosely clasped before Sher. - He took his place opposite her.. s and they looked each other straight in e the eyes. It was the grave defiance of ° two duellists to the death. "Well, Katherine," he sald; "I wonder if your name really is Katherine, by the way; I must ask Mrs Var-sor. I came here, at old Mansfield's request,.to talk business and money matters. You look like a 'queen uncrowned' to-night, my n tall, stately Miss Dangerfield-not good looking, you know, my dear; you were never that; but majestic and dignified, and all that sort of thing. And yet there -isn't a beggar in the streets of Castleford poorer than you." \- She stood silent, looking at him.- How this eyes gleamed; how glibly his veno e mous tongue ran. His little form ac ir tually seemed to dilate and grow tall in "this hour of his triumph. n "And that other night," he went on; "do you remember it, Kathie? Oh, let nme call you by the old, familiar name to thl last! That other night, when I -a poor, pettifogging attorney, as I think I have heard Mr Dantree call me e -I had the presumption, in the conser vatory, to ask you to be my wife. It \- was presumptuous, and I richly de ie served the rebuff I got for my pains; I 'd deserved even to be called 'a rickettyr dwarf!' You served me right, Kathe rine, and now, in return, I am to come before you to-night and offer you three thousand pounds-mine to give or keep, as-I please." He paused, his whole face glowing with sardonic light. Hers never changed. n "Go on." she said, in a -perfectly s, steady voice. Ie "Katherine," he said, "I can do better for you than that. 'What is a pitiful three thousand pounds to the late heir t ess of eight thousand per annum ? I can do better for you, and I will. Why should you leave Scarswood at all ? 'n Why not remain here as mistress still with me ?" s "Go onr" she said again, In the same steady tone. ?r "Need I speak more plainly,?" He A dirw a step nearer, and all.the devil of :11 hatred and malignity within him shone P. forth in the gleam of his eyes.' "Then dI will-it. would be a pity for us to ;e misundeistand each 'other in the least. d Last'September I asked you, the.heiress ir of Scarswood, to be my wife. .You ie lr fused--more, you grossly insulted me. To-night-I return good for.evil. - Let us 1e forgive and forget. As lord and'master \- of Scarswood, I offer you again a home Li here- but this time, not as my wife. You g can stay here as an outcast from so is ciety-a woman without name, without d cha-racter, without reputation. You can stay, beggar as you are, by my favor! n Do you understand! .So long as you ,s lease me, fulfil my will and pleasure 1: You understand-me." - The words were uttered with concen d trated venom. His hate and revenge \- had given him a diabolical cour age to say what he never would r" have dared to say, in cold blood. :o But at the last he drew back. He 1- was a coiward to the core, and she had. s shown herself before-now. to have the d fury of a very panlther. And they were \- alone.. She might murder him before he could reach the door. . His first im d pulse was flight, and she saw it. p "Stop!". she cried; and he stood .as still as though he had been shot.L,_ "You -coward! You. cur!" No words can 31 .tell the unutterable scorn of her lo'w, \- ccncentratted voice. "You. have said Le it,'and noe-- hc-ar me.' This is your hour e -mlnei will come! And here, befoire e Heaveni by my dead father's memory, I :o swear to be revenged.' Living,- I shall pursue you to the very ends of the earth S-d'--ad, I will conie back from-the grave, SIf the dead canh! For every word you r have spoken to-nlghtyou shall pay dear ly, dearly! I:have onlyone thing left to Slive for now, and that is my vengeance Son you. The fortune you have taken I w ill wrest frtom you yet; the shame, the it misery the disgrace that is-mine, you shall feel In your turn. :L swear it ! Look to yourseilf, Peter .Dingerfield! SLiving, I aill hunt you down; dead, I will return and tbrment you!: now go!" SShe pointed to the door. He looked back at her 'dnce as she stood there, the leaping firelight full on her white face and bliack robe, and as.he saw her then, he saw her sleeping or waklng.all the o rest of his life. Then the door closed, nu nd Katherine was once more alone. r CTAPTER XV-I.*BEFORE MID S NIGHT.' ' The hours of the elening 'woie on. 1n Sher pretty, wax-lit, crimson-hung room, Katherine stood, "long and motionless, w here Peter Dangerfleld had left. her. e The sonorous-clock over the. stables, Sstrikilng eilit,.awoke her at last from her tr?nce. .: She siaites up, crossed the room. like one aroused to a determined I purmpose, and rang the[ bell. Ninon I rm goin out, inon: I'm goling to Castleford. It may beclose upon mid -night befoie I retilrn; anid the house will h probably be shut up.- Walt for me at Sthe door .iin the southern turretand when I knock let me in." ' "But mademoiselle," the girl cried. d "lo Castleford so late, and on foot, and t alone?"' " I don't mind the latenes-o-no one will molest me. For the walk, I can do it. in an hour and a quarter. Do as I bid youn. Ninon, and say nothing to any ctne in nly absence-." I Ti:e French girl kn"ew her mistress to, 1 i-ll to disobey. but she 1::d lindgel"rd for o a nmoment ai the door. looking hback wist fItlly. Sh- l,,red this inm1,etllls your v ,i,?· intanlnt I~nd rtid i; lp hde nnxr br Sn i;rs;-nt of onle c-f Ier bbas' dre.-e. She Il I ,ted hi-r. :si s :aill th s or: ants i; rh , liouse dil, and n-ver so well bs ns w. \ A few minutesi l--r l';ther-ine glidel i dow.n -the stai-s, da:rk. IanSd noiseleCS0 as s,!IriI. She met no orne. Sir Peter was Sbusy oe\\-r p,'per, the servants were in their own quarters, the house was more silent than a tomb. Softly she opened n and closed the ponderous portico door, u and flittered out into the night. The walk was unspeakably lonely. Un til the lights of the town gleamed forth through the starry darkness she did not meet a soul She had walked so rapidly, that she was out of breath, and in a glow t of warmth. She slackened her pace now, pausing . finally, before the quiet, S roomy, old-fashioned hostelry known as I the Silver Rose. hI "Does a lady named Mrs Yavasor stay t here?" t The landlord of the Silver Rose started t to his feet as the soft accents fell upon b his ear. The next moment he was bowing w low before the slender, black- robed figure and the two gra-e, grey eyes. The heroine of the day, the talk of the town, the reputed daughter of the late Sir John f Dangerfield, stood before him - "Yes, Miss Katherine. Please come in out of the cold.' Mrs lVavasor does lodge h here; but at present she happens to be q out." - ' . "Will she soon return?" li;: "Well, Miss Katherine, l:really could- f n't say,. but'I think it.likely.-.She don't s1 often be out even as.late as this." S"If you will show me up to her room I will wait,",the;young lady'aniswered. "I must see her to-night." The landlord held a candle aloft, and led the Way upstairs, andn-flungopen a door onthe landing above. "This be Mrs Vavasor's sittin'room. Take'a seat by the fire,Mliss Katherine, and I dessay she'll be here soon." . He went out and closed the door. Katherine stood in the centre. of the room and looked about her with a cer tain amount of curiosity in her face. The door of the chamber opening, from this 11 apartment stood ajar, and.- looking -in with the same .e:arching gaze, some- S thing familiar caught the girl's eye at t once. In the centre f a table stood an In- c dian box of rare beauty and workman- c ship. Katherine recognised it in a moment. It was one of hers, a farewell I gift from a miltary friend .when lcav- a nag India. She remembered hon.; 1 more than once. Mrs Vari sor had admired it among - the other Indian treasures in her room how, all at once. It ,had vanished mys teriously, and now here it was. Kathe rine's short upper lip'curled scornfully. "So." she said; "you are a thief as well as an intriguante andan-. adveitUtress. You have stolen my box. Let me see to what use you have put poor Ensigii Brandon's gift." She walked deliberately - Into - the sleeping room, and took up the cisket. It closed and loiked with a secret spring; she touched it, and the lid flew back: It contained a slim packet of letters tied with ribbon. and an old fashioned miniature painted on ivory, in a case of velvet, ornamented with: seed pearls. The.dark side of Katherine's nature, that might have lain dormant and un suspected even by herself 'for ever in the sunshine of prosperity, was assert-' ing itself now. She. deliberately read. C the address on.the- letters.,-..The paperI was yellow with time .the-ink faded, but the bold, firm, masculine hand was per fectly legible still. "Miss Harriet Lela-. cheur, 35,. Rosemary-place, . Rensing ton"-that was the address. - t She turned from the letters, pressed. the spring of the picture-case, and looked at the portrait within. Like the letters, time had faded it, but the bold; masculine boyish face smiled up at her Swith a brightness that eveif a score of years could not mar. It was the eager, handsome, beardless face of a youth in the first flush of manhood; with lips that smiled, and eyes that were alive. "A brave, gentlemanly face," Kathe-. rine thought. "What could a man like this ever have had to do with her? Is this the'-lover she spoke of, from whom my mother parted her? Are these let ters from him? Was her name Harriet Lelacheur. Instead- of Harman? You may keep my Indian box, Mrs Vavasor, r and welcome, and I will keep its.con tents." -With the same steady deliberdtion she put the letters and picture in her pocket, and walked back into the other room. There was a hard light in.her -eyes, an expression on -her face not- pleasant to ..see. . -- - "On the road I am walking there is no e turning back. To accomplish the aim of my life I must do to others as I have been done by. Mrs tavasor and Peter Dangerfield shall find me an apt pupil. Akh-at last! here she is!"' She tirned and faced the door. : As she did so, it ivLs thrown.nimpetuously. open, and- the woman she hated stood before her. SIt was Mrs Vavasor's last night in a Castleford-her last night, she had made \- up her mind; for ever. t It was all over. The 'romance, the re Svenge, and the triumph of her'lifewere finished and done. 'She had wrought out her vendetta to the bitter end. Her price had been paid twice 'o-ei.: With tweinti thousand pounds as her fortune, she would return to Paris; launch out into a life of splendor, and eiid by mar 3 ring a title. She was singing softly to herself as e she ascended the stairs. Everything 1 had gone so well! She had had her ven . geance and made her fortune at one e clever throw, and after to-night a long Svista of Parisian pleasures and Parisian \- life floated before her in a rosy mist. With the opera tune on her- lips, she s opened her door, and stood face- to face with--Katherine Dangerfield. -- : She stood stock still. - -The song died on-her lips-the-sudden,swift pallor, that overspread hee face showed.through all the pea?l powiler. she wore. She' iad said she. was no coward, aid she was Snot;i but In this hour: she stood afraid to the Very c6ire to face the 'girl she had wronged.-. - SKaitherine had arisen anid stood be side her; and:Iatherine wasthe first to o speak. e "Come in, Mrs Vavasor- the room is Syour own; and: you need :not look such 5\. picture of abject terror. I haven't come here to murdei yoi tbo-night." H:.er voI'ce .waS?plerfectly clear perfect ly stead3.. ?i angry sullenness came to'the elder woman's relief. She came in, ilos6ed the door, .and defiantly faced Sher foe.' : e " This is a most unexpected pleasure. SWhat can I do'for you, Miss Danger Sfield?" - - ?.:' i She thre,:lherself into a-chair, stretch ed out her daintlly-booted feet to the fire, and looked across with the same defiant face at her eniemy. KaKherine turnled her irave eyes from the fire, clasped her bhands together on the little table between them, and lean ed slightlyi forward as she spoke. "Miss Dangerfleld is not my name. SYou are the only one who knows. Will Syou tell me what it is?" i "No-decidedly." :'That is one of the questions you will not answer. Here is another: Is my father alive?" "He is." '.Mly mother is dead-re.ally dead?" "tAs dead as Queen Anne, !Miss Dan Sgerfield. I suppose 'we may as well continue t,' call you so to the last. for convenience sake. Your mother is dead; and, IKathnt.-ine-you've been hruluht up as a Christcian. and all that. and you ought to know--do you suppose I the dead see what goes on in this reel ing. rocking littl:e gl,.e of ours? Be cause, if th--y do, I sinc,-rely hope your latte lanmented maternal parent is looking do-rll upou y-o.u and me at this moment." "You are a g ,,od hater. .Mrs ravaser. N w I sihould liies to kniow wha my Smo-ther ever did to yoe to inspire such deep. and hitter, and iasting hate. You ilated her alive, andt you hate her dead, and you visit tllhat hate. as bitter as I ever. years and )years after uponl her [ child." SMrs Vavasor laughed-all her airy. 1easy self again. "And you really are anxious to know why I hated-w?hy I still hate your dead mother? WVell, I am in the humor to gratify you to-night. I have locked the past so closely up for such a length of time that it is something of a relief and a pleasure to unlock it to-night. But to think I should tell it to you-to you ! Why, look you i I might have been a good woman-a rich woman-a model British matron-sitting at the head of a husband's'table--brininging up children in the way they should walk; going three times every Sunday to church, vistling the poor of the parish. I might have been all this, Miss Dangerfield, - and I wanted to be, but that dead mother of yours stepped forward, interposed her wand of authority, and lo! to-day, and for the past eighteen years, I have been a-Bohemian-houseless, friendless,pen niless, and reputationless. Now, listen here.is the story.. No names, mind; no questions- when I have done. All you are to know I ill.tell you- . ,Your father lives-you have hosts of relatives alive, for that mdtter, bit I.don't mean you shall ev- er see or know any.of thein.; " Shelsank back -in: her chair,.plaiyed with her watch-chain, looked a` the fire, and told her story lin rapid words. (To be Continued.) 