THE MANDERS' LIBEL SUIT. CIVIL ACTION AGAINST JOHN NORTON. THE DIAMOND JUBILEE CARNIVAL. Tho action of Albert Staines Manders, the manager of the Diamond Jubilee Carnival, conducted in aid of certain Sydney charities on August 28 la8t, on the Royal Agricultural Society's grounds, against Jolui Norton, editor of "Truth" newspaper, claiming £2000 damages for the publication or an u- iegel libel in "Truth," in the issues of August 22 aud 29, was continued yesterday in No. 1 Jury Court, before Mr. Justice Cohen and a jury of 12 The alleged libel was set forth in two articles written in respect of Slanders and his connection with the cha rity carnival in Sydney, an industrial exhibition in Al- bury, and other matters. The articles staled that the plaintiff was unfit to have the control of a charity carni val, and pointed out tiiat there was necessity for some person of go-jd reputation aud standing being the pro moter and manager oi fetes organised for tbe benefit of public charities; and also the fact tiiat the plaintiff was a justice of the peace was disgraceful. One article con cluded: "If thesa charity fairs cannot be conducted in the full light of day, it is better that they should not be conducted at all. We can't afford to put blind con fidence in every peregrinating philanthropist who comes along with a plausible scheme to alleviate the distress of our thousands of starving people." The plaint said the article meant to convey that the plaintiff was promoting tbe said charity carnival with the intention of defraud ing the public, aud making an unlawful profit for him self, whereby the plaintiff has been injured iu his credit and rcputatiou, and otherwise greatly damnified. ilr. Norton pleaded not guilty. Mr. Wise, Mr. Garland, and Mr. Couruy (instructed by Messrs. Chenhall and J3ddiu) appeared fur the plain tiff; Mr. Norton appeared to conduct ilia case iu person. Tne evidence for the defence wart continued. George Arthur Thompon, merchant, of Albury, and ex-Mayor, said he knew Mumler iu connection witn tne industrial Exhibition in that town. The exhibition re turned a profit. He prepared tho balance-sheet, and lie produced the accounts. Taking everything into consi deration, lie hardly though the exhibition w;is profitable to the Mechanics Institute, it was Manders' duty to see that all tbe accounts were seut In to lii« committee, but witness kuew some accounts came in after the plaintiff left Uie town. Manders received more remit: aeration than iie wjls entitled to. So fur as Manders' management o£ the exhibition wus concerned, he thought it was satisfactory, but ku was not satistieil with nis management of the accounts. Manders' general repu tation at AJbury was not a very good one. itu should describe a man wifli Manders' reputation ua an adven turer. (lis appointment to the magisterial bench was considered as imsui table. Akuiy of the magistrates ob jected to it. Witness saw tbe petition produced, lie bad signed it. The document contained Die signatures of the leaditig residents ot Albury. Mr. Norton then tendered the whole oi the documents connected with Manders' appointment as a justice of the peace. They were put in as evidence. Witness, continuing, said he had no animus against Manders. Cross-examined by Mr. Wise: Lie entertained a strong opinion that a man who had been connected with a sweep should not liuld tho euiiunission uf tho peace; a petition for signature against Manders' appointment may have lain at his store; lie examined the petition, and said so far a he could see there were 24 signatures on it of men in his employ. Kxctpt the sweep incident and the fact that lie owed money, lie did not of bin own knowledge know aiiyiliing against Manders repu tation. lie concurred iu the resolution of u committee meeting giving Manders a testimonial. He did not suggest that Manders misappropriated any of tne mo- Ke-cxaniincd by Mr. Norton: lie liad written to the Colonial Secretory and interviewed the Premier with regard to Maimers' appointment. Did Mr. Reid say he would have Mauders removed from the Bench V This question was disallowed. Daniel Abbott, of Albury. an amateur athlete, said lie knew the plaintiff. His reputation at Albury was not too good. Frederick William Tiotyena, solicitor, of Albury, said he knew the plaintiff. He regarded his reputation in two phases. He did not see that any objection was taken to his character until he conducted a paper called 'Table Talk." lie got into disrepute in connection with the paper. Manders lost his reputation by matter appearing in certain parks of the paper, wliich was low, scurrilous, und untruthful. Cress-examined by Mr. Wise: lie did not recollect sending paragraphs to "Table Talk." lie may have rent two at the beginning, but that was before be ob jected to the character of the paper. It gradually de generated. He was present at the drawing of some of Manders sweeps, and cvrything was fair and above- board. Francis Corletto, professional shorthand writer and ; journalist, deposed that he was the writer of the alleged libel. He had known Manders for IS years, lie first' knew Manders in Melbourne. Witness was at Urn time on the Melbourne "Herald" and the "Age." lie would have to speak of Manders' reputation in very strong language. Among pressmen he was known as a scoundrel. He liad not sjKikou to Manders more than two or three times, lie suggested the urticles, and then lie learned that the sub-editor had previously talked the matter over with Mr. Nortou, of which he knew nothing. Mr. Norton: In fact, the ghost of Manders was haunt ing "Truth." W. M. Shcrrie, a journalist, part proprietor of the Albury "Daily News," dejiosed that he knew the jilain- tilf. He knew liis reputation well. It was that of an adventurer; a parasite of society. (Laughter.) Mr. Norton: We are getting biological now. Witness (continuing): Unfortunately, he liad business transactions witli Maiulers; his firm printed "Tablu Talk" for Manders. and they held dishouori-d bills oi Manders to the extent of £330. Mr. Norton: And you are prepared to garnishee the verdict he may get here? (Laughter.) — Yes. Do you feel very joyful about it?— Not excessively Witness (continuing): Manders had not threatened him with a libel action. He had republished the alleged libel from "Truth." Cross-examined by Mr. Wise: Flis opinion of Manders in his capacity of editor of tho "Daily News" wus similar to that which he hud given in the witness- box. t Mr. Wise read a highly laudatory paragraph concern ing the establishment in Albury of Manders' business of a telegraph agent, which appeared in the "Dailv News." Vitness admitted the publication, but explained that the paragraph was .written by Manders himself. At that time they knew very little about Manders, und had to take him on trust. Witness admitted having written a paragraph concerning tiie Albury Exhibition, in which Manders was eompli mental. He said he referred to Manders there merely as a showman, lie could not say how long it was after Mandcrs went to Albury tiiat Manders wus a parasite of society. After his re-examination the witness volunteered a statement to hi Honor that Die evidence given ou the previous day to the effect that he instigated and organised the agnation against Manders' apjioiiitnient as a inagis- trate, was incorrect. The matter merely came under his notice in his capacity as a newspaper conductor some time after its initiation. " co'Itr. livincr ill King-street, do- ptecd that he knew Slanders in Melbourne about four years ago. His general reputation there was bad. Mr. Norton then closed Ids evidence for the defence. Rviuence in reply was given as follows: — ri.H ! Creagh, superintendent of police, Albury dis trict, deposed that ho remembered Maudcra having been appointed a justice of the peace. IIv received fetroc" tmns to inquire into the antecedents of the defendant He made the inquiry. He heard nothing against Man ders character, but, on the contrary, heard that he was a man of good character, and consequently endorsed the recommendation. Mr. G. A. Thompson interviewed him ! on the matter, and ho asked Mr. Thomiisou if lie could name one particular instance where Manders had borne a bad character. Ho replied that he could not. Wit ness also inquired from the police in Victoria, lie knew u man named M. T. Kelly, at one time a justice of tiie jrmcc. From his general knowledge of Kellv he would not say that his testimony was worthy of credit. Cross-examined by Mr. Norton: Marnier bore a good reputation in Albury; the only thing against him was being lined £20 for running. a sweep. He had not asked any persons about Manders. He liad relegated that work to Sergeant Brown. It wus only a routine in- quirt. Did you ever receive a complaint from the police de partment tiuit the inquiry waa not thorough enough?— No. Did not the Inspector-General send a minute to you nlating that you liad not given the matter the reriuus consideration neoetasary, and that he had it front an authoritative source that M undent seemed to be nothing but a gambling tipster? — He did, aud I sent it back, and told him that he wus misinformed. To Mr. Garland: He hud minuted to the effect that the agitation against Maudcr waa actuated by personal rebutment. E. W. O'Sullivnn, M.P. for Quoanbeyati. dejiosed that he tuul known the plaintiff for about 20 year. lit: knew his reputation pretty wetl for the last live years, lie believed he liad given him a testimonial, addressed to Mr. Law, the chairman of the committee of the Diamond Jubilee Fair. So far a witness knew the reputation of the plaintiff was a good one. He was not aware of Mauders being a gambler. J. M. Chanter, M.F. for Ueniliquin, deposed that he wus on the committee of the Diamond Jubilee CarnivaJ. Mr. Manders wus apjwintal general manager of tho car nival. lie was to receive 2 V l>er cent, of the profits, apd an allowance of £3 per week for expenses, lie had nothing whatever to do with the receipt of mumcy at the gate. The show was a great success. About £SOO was netted from it. Prior to tlu> holdingof the show a man named Nelkin saw him. In consequeiiee of statements mudo to him by Nelkin he visited Albury on bohall of the committee of the c:irnivnl. He spent -an hour in the and mudo inquiries, us a result of wliich he made a report, to the committee. He came to the conclusion that the writer of the article in "Truth" had been mis informed. The statements by Nelkin were not borne out by his inquiries. - Cross-examined by Mr. Norton: He made tho inquiries- In Albury while journeying through to Melt>urite. He had previously written to Albury residents to meet him at the train.- Detective. Hinds deposed to having kn.owq Die plaintiff at Adelaide iu 1887 and 1S8S, at the time of the exhibi tion there. He regarded his reputation as good. To Mr. Norton: Witness had been Die subject of at tacks in "Truth." He would swear that he had never threatened to give Norton a good hiding, but he be lieved Norton had said he would defend liiuiaelf by shoot ing him if he did. William Mount, advertising agent, staled that lie had known Manders in MellKiuroe, and his reputation w:t good, lie did not think the plaintiff had ever done any pencilling. Albert Staines Manders, the plaintiff, deposed that lie waa in business for 21 your iu Melbourne. He carried ou tho Manners' Telegram Agency. He went insolvent . in Melbourne in 1SSS; at Diat timo he was iu partner ship with his brother. The iusolvcncy was eauseil by jmrtnersiiip debts, from wliich he thought he waa free. At Albury he started a telegraphic agejicv. Ui con nection with the Robin Hood swec|> waa tiiat he should jnunage the advertising and printing, and get 25 per ixnt. of the profits. He liad representative at all racecourses. He left Albury a mouth after the exhibition closed. Then ho came to Sydney. The first employment he got iu Sydney was in connection with the Australian Fair. Then he was api>oiiitcd manager of the Diamond Jubilee Cur- iiivul. lie produced testimonials from a large number of exiiibitors ut Die Adelaide Exhibition, including one a to hi ability to manage exhibit from Sir 11. Sandforjl, and one from Mr. W. H. Giddings, who represented the Adelaide "Advertiser" at tho Exhibition Uiere in 1888. h> also produced a testimonial, signed by John Wilkin son, on behalf of the committee of the Exhibition, nis experience of the witness Nelkin had been that he hud requt-sted hint to publish u paragraph about a man iu Albury. lie declined to do it. No ono had ever told him that the Robin llood sweeps were a swindle. He never laid a bet in his life. With reference to the engagement of Reach for the Albert Park Lagoon, he acted as the ser vant of a committee. The committee paid the expenses of Beach and his trainer to Melbourne, and then Beach refused to row, so that l\e did not get his money. . Wit- , Bess vm the honorary representative ol the ommittee. ; He received £88 from the Diamond Jubilee CandvaL He worked four month for it. The statement In the al leged libel that there were no hon. treasurers or fiuance committee to the carnival were not true. There was no truth In Dip allegations that he waa acting dishonestly in connection with the carnival. He had not left a of unpaid debts io AJbury iu connection with the Exhibi tion. On June ho called to sec Norton at his office about the carnival. He asked him to give a paragraph about the show. He then had a conversation with him. In a subsequent conversation Norton told him if lie got rid ot two men on the committee he would boom the show, otherwise he would knock it to pieces. He was in "Truth" office two weeks before the first atUck on him appeared. He asked whether the carnival advertise ment had been received, and the manager complained that they only hod a small advertisement on the previous week. Witness replied that the advertisement were sent out on the instructions of the committee. The case stands part heard. 