A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIA bMENT, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY THIC IIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the Australian Workman.) On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way. to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Orown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-ycar-: Id baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer tbe knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he msaid: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The fact; may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, ne xt Christmas, I met with an accident; I was ladly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four ye: re of gradual development of the mnlady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ? " "Simply ineescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and be told me that mycase was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order 2" " No; I dame home and went to bed, and have btcn pretty well, in bed ever since. Five wceks ago I could not walk ncross the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. - I elt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was. suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might mever pet the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an ideaconveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the'case of another boiler-maker in England' which I read in the Australian Wrorkman, by Dr. William' Pink Pills for Pale People. Iread in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. .The effect was as marvellous as it was magicaL I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it., You sec I am rapidly regaining my strength." "'He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years 'younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep ongoing the way I am, I hope to bie able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphis pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every. body who knows me has been amazed at the change iTs me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being asbout again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newse papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Theycure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis. and spinal diseaser, also the many disorders which arise froem an im poverished state of the blood, such as anemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscuar weakness, indigestion, Ices of appetite, short ness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. McGowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.8.W. A-scmbly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remark able case of Themas Jarvis. Mr McGow'n says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He aho knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoir. twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed.ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the bydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incuirable. Mr McGowen wa', therefore like; everyone else who knew the facts, astounded' at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leadinrg chemists, or from the" Dr. Williams"' Medicine Coy, Queen's: Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on re ceipt of stamps cr post order 1 box for 3s, or } dozen for 15s 9d. There is not a little matter for reflection suggested by the latest news with respect to the great Australian prima donna. In con nection with the performance of. "Lucia di Lammermoor," in which Mine Melba is to' appear, as the heroine, the price of the stalls is to be 20 guine's. hlls is to snake the occasion, so far at least as the tariff can con tribute to such a result. a select one indeed. With reference to the expitement caused long ago in England by the debtt of the Swedish Nightingale, Jenny Lind, there is a remarkable passage in one of the miscellancous essays of the historian Alison, The sontiments which it expresses recall tbeieselve8 rather forcibly in the present instance. Jlison was writing of the year 1847, one marked by a great deal of industrial depression in all parts of the United Kingdom,. and in one portion of it rendered more terribly notable still by the fact that sone thousands. of persons actually died of hunger.. Posterity, observes the historian, wiflperhaps find it difficulr, to understand how it was that in a Christian land, while numbersof unfortunate wretches were unable to procure a monthful of food, tickets for the concerts of a fashion able singer could be sold at a gainea each, and find eager purchasers. What would lie have thought of the financial scale on which artistic enjoyinents of the kind are ordered now? And the worst of it is' that poverty and wealth exhibit contraste in many ro specta quite as startling as in 4lisou'e day if not yet more so. 