WESTERN SEWS. BLACKAIX The Barcoo Independent of I be 7rb instant Bays : — Mr. G. T. Cnllen, of La Plata, has purchased Mesars. Cartia and Haylock'e Laucevale Station, in the desert coon try between Jericho and BlackalL It will be remembered that about twelve months s&o; portion of the skeleton of a human being was found on the Bl&ck;&U;* Barcaldine Road, about six miles from Blackall. buried in the centre of the road, only a few inches from the surface. Tbe bones were removed and buried at the foot of a tree near the place, and the matter had almost been forgotten. But interest in the affair has considerably revived of late. Tbe supernatural has been in evidence, and now the Barcaldine Road claims t be dignity of a fatt-fledged ghost. The first recorded appearance of tbe spectre was a bright moonlight night — Messrs. Banks's coach from Barcaldine was passing t be spot where the bones were found at about about nine o'clock, when one of the pas sengers— a representative of one of the lead ing Sydney woo\brokers — saw what he declared was a man standing by the side of the road a short distance in front of tbe coach. He drew the attention of the driver and the other passengers to the man, who, he thought, was waiting for the coach ; bur when the others looked tbe figure bad dis appeared, although there was not the slightest shelter or hiding place near. From there to BlackaU record time was made on that occasion. The wave of excitement was dying away, until on Sunday last it was revived in all its intensity. Just after dark in the evening a local cyclist was passing the place, when be saw the shadowy form of a in -in with arms uplifted above his head. The phantom figure elowly dis appeared into some small scrub near j but the cyclist's attention being taken from his bicycle tbe machine etruck a stamp and the rider came & cropper. CLERMOKT* Yesterday afternoon, says die Peat Domis Telegram of tbe 7cb instant, a second fatal accident happened at the Deep Lead. A man named Aniaran Wettig, with his brother CUatles. J. Dann, J. Murchison, F. Baker, and M. Grahan, was sinking a shaft near the site of the old bore, and were down about 56 ft. Charles Wettig worked in the shaft op till twelve o'clock, aud at this time there was nothing to suggest the presence of fonl air. The' men knocked off for dinner, and on returning at one o'clock Aniaran Wettfg went below to do his shirt. While the bitter was being lowered be called out to the man on top to stop, and immediately after to lower away. Dec ased readied bottom, and soon after wus heard to tay, ' Pull up quick.*' The windlass man started to wind up with all possible speed, and when Amanui Weitig was about 15 fc from the bottom be fell oft tbe rope. Charles Wettig called for assistance, and getting ou the rope quickly went down to ascertain the cause of the accident. On descending be noticed the presence of fonl air, and also that hifl brother was stunned and bleeding from a nasty would on tbe head. Charles Wettig also felt he was being overcome, and t-airfCTfr his brother in his arms, called to those on tbe top to- 'haul awav, for God'd sake' Ue remembered no more. When the brothers had been brought up a few feet both were tseen to fall to tbe bottom. By thu time a number of men had collected eronnd the shaft. One of the mates, named F. Biker, taking a lighted candle, went to the rescue ; bat before he reached the bottom die bad air put the light out, and be was hanled to the surface. He tried a second time, bat failed. Then the hero of the tragedy came along in the person of Mr. James Dann, also a member of the parly. A quantity of water was thrown down the shaft to disturb die b*d air, aod then Dann was secured to one rope, while a second rope was seat down to bring up tbe brothers. Danu Grat brought up Charles, and going down a becond time brought up Amaran. Tbc brothers soon regained consciousness, aud Dr. Kent arrived in a few minutes. Ad examination of Amaran VTetlig revealed a. huge wound on the right side of tbe head extending from the eye over the top and nearly to tbe back of tbe head, tbe scalp lying over the right ear- The unfoi lu nate man was taken, to tbe hospital on a. stretcher and twenty-four stitcbes put in the wound. He remained unconscious for about an hour after bis admission, when be expired. Charles Wettig was able to walk, and from inquiries made at tbe hospital this morning we find that, beyond a severe pain in bis right arm and a few scratches be it) little the worse for hia unpleasant experience. The deceased is a married man, his wife being in Western Australia. He is a native of Linton, Vic toria. Together with his brother aud others he left Western Australia, intending to go to New Guinea. Hie party got as far as Coot town, and tbe reports from the former place not being very cheering, they decided to come to Clermont, and arrived here three weeks ago to-day. The brave conduct of Dann is worthy of more than passing notice, as we ate informed that while a number of men stood around seem in «Iy powerless to move, he acted with such courage and coolntsa as to earn the adroiia tion of bi9 fellows. He went face to face with death to the rescue of his mates, and the fact ibat be brought the first mao to the surface, and, although feeling tlie effects of tbe bid air. went down straight away and rescued tbe second man, stamps liim ae a man among men. Everybody honours a brave man, and such conduct as that of Daun should oot be allowed to pass unrecorded. EMERALD. Times are dull throughout the district, says the Emerald correspondent of the Ptai Dotcnt Tdegram under date the 4th instant, but in the township and at tbc land sale to-day the spirited bidding for the different allotments proved the reverse. Land within a mile and a -quarter of the Post Office on tbe river side close to permanent water realised £5 per acre. This land will be good for cultivation ; but on the opposite side of the rail* iy, where the boil is inferior, competition set in cow and again until the figure reached £5 per acre. Of tbe eighty-six lots offered for sale about four remain unsaid. II inlon Ht.ra.id of tbe 5th instant : — Tbe road between Birdeville end Windorab is ia a fearful state lor grass. There is no grass witbin ten miles of Wiudorab, and stock routes will be closed uutil rain cornea. A correspondent, writing on the 2Glh of April, gives the information that the Ayrshire Downs bore is down 3750 it, but without striking any more water yet However, tbc drill is on very harJ stuff, and tbe contractors hope to be on the big flow at any time. Eldenlie is down 1800 ft., and o. lot of casiug has liad to be pnt in lately owing to the Our Boulia correspondent List week wrote us to the effect that the mailman had brought in word to the effect that Jack Cole bad been murdered at Spring Creek watershed, about five miles off the Uraudangie Cloncurry Road, and about twenty-seven miles from Devon court, ou the 15th of April. From the evidence elicited at the inquiry it appears that Cole had gone in search of a gin belong ing to a black boy in the employ of his mate— a nmn named Webber — who had abscouded with an aboriginal named Jack ; and it would Eeem, from the position in which the body was found, that a blackfellow rushed at him from behind and drove a spear into bis back, which evidently penetrated tbe heart, the wound being quite visible into the body. It was further stated in tlie evidence that a struggle must have taken place be tween the uofortunate man and the blnck. The horse appears to have gone round in a circle, being held by tbe bridle by a bare foote i rain. The tracks of the horse weie traced to the gully where it was found. Tbe point of a lancewood spear about G in. long, covered with blood, was found close to tbe murdered mau's Lead. A kangaroo net used by aboriginals in hunting wai also found; and at a distance of about twenty-eight yards from there tnro boomerangs aod two pieces of broken ppcar were picked op. From the statement of Mr. Neil Anderson i\ appears that he saw deceased on Thursday, tbe 15th of April, when he told him that he was looking fora gin, who h*d been taken From his camp by a black boy named Jack. Anderson camped at a soakage on the night of the 15th, aud at about twelve o'clock :be horse ibat deceased was riding came into water with the saddle and bridle on, tbe reins hanging over tbe knee-pad of the eaildle. Anderson tied the horse np, anJ. deceased not. turning up, he followed the tracks and found the dead body of Cole, which was cohered with a bough. He then rode to Devon court and reported the matter to Mr. Kennedy, who immediately sent word to tbe Cloncurry police. The aborignal Jack has, it id under stood, been arre--led at Bridgewater ou sus picion of tbe murder, after being wounded in Vis endeavour U» escape. 