Ruth. I (By Rev. Alexander Whyte, D.D.) I ''The same is my mother."-Our Lora. Mark iii., S3-35. I The Book of Ruth is a perfect gem. The Book of Ruth is an apple of gold in a picture of silver. Compose« in David's day, and composed to keep in memory a famous mother of his, the Book of Ruth was a gift altogether lit to be offered to a king; and it was an altogether and" an eminently fit . gift to be offered to such a king as David , was. It must have been Nathan the prophet who''wrote'the Book of Ruth and laid it down at the king's feet os a coronation offering, or a bridal or à birthday gift. He who spake to David the parable of the poor man with the one ewe lamb woe just the penman to compose the story of "The gleaner maid, Meek ancestress of him who sang the sangs Of sore repentance in his sorrowful mood." Yes, Nathan was just the strong, tender, and ori ginal hand to shape and to set this exquisite gem . that shines so sweetly among the early links of David and of Jesus Christ. "The historical things In thu? Book of Ruth," says Jonathan Edwards, "sseni to be inserted in the canon of the Scrip ture, especially on two accounts. And, first, be cause Jemis Christ was of Ruth's posterity. The Holy Ghost thought fit to take particular notice of that marriage of Bcaz with Ruth, whence sprang the Saviour of the world. We may often observe it," adds Edwards, "'that the Holy Spirit, who in dited the Holy Scriptures, often takes notice of little things, or minute occurrences, that do but remotely relate to Jesus Christ.!' . Both the Bible and all* the books after the Bible are full of FINE STORIES OF LOVE. The love of the mother for her child. The love of the lover for her he loves.: - The love of-the bro ther for the sister. The love of "Jonathan for David, and of David for Jonathan. The love of Paul for his people Israel. The love of Christ for His own and for all men, and so on. But neither in the Bible, nor anywhere ehe that I know of, is there another euch story of love told as the love of Ruth for Naomi; tha love of this Moabite daughter-in law for her Hebrew mother-in-law. Ruth's love for her dead husband's decayed mother is as pure as gold, and as strong as death. Many waters can not quench Ruth's love. And her confession of her love, when fi&e; is constrained to confess it, is the most beautiful confession of love in all the world. The world has nothing after Ruth's con- j feeslon of her love like lt. - And Naomi said unto! her two daughters-in-law, Go, return each to her mother's house; the Lord deal kindly with you, ars | ye have dealt with the dead, and with me. And Ruth said, "Intreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee; for whither thou geest, I will go, and where thou lodgcst, I will lodge; thy people ehall be my people, and thy God my God; where thou diest, will I .die, and there will I be burled. The Lord do so to me, and more also, -if aught but death part thee and me." No. "There is nothing again like it. " THE SAME IS MY MOTHER." "She clave toher mother-in-law," adds the prophet. Ruth's heart was so full of the cords of love to Naomi that those strong cords drew her out of the land of Moab, and knit her deep into the lineage of Israel, and -into the ancestry of Jesus Christ. And thus it is that our great seer discovers Ruth seated on her glorious stool in -the rose of the seventh heaven besides the glorious stools of the greatest dames of scriptural story-Mary, and Eve, and Rachel, and Beatrice, and Rebecca. Before Rutli had given Naomi the full proof of her love, that desolate , woman had bestowed her highest praise on Ruth's past love, not only os a wife, but still more as a daughter-in-law. The Lord deal kindly with thee, as thou hast dealt with the dead, and with me. And the women of Bethlehem at once caught up/this quite singular feature of Ruth's affection wtíen they came to congratulate Naomi on tho birth of Obed. "Thy daughter-in- law," they said to Naomi, "which loveth thee, and which is better to thee than seven sons, hath borne him." And dn this salutation of theirs the women of Bethlehem are in entire harmony with the whole world about Ruth's so pure, and so noble, and so unusual love. Every language spoken among men has its own stock of cruel proverbs and satires and lampoons at the expense of their mothers-in-law. But Ruth and Naomi go far to T'edeem thait relationship from all that obloquy. No only daughter of her own body could have been so devoted to Naomi as her son's young Moabite widow wotí. All the relationships of human life demand faith, and love, and patience, and forbearance, and good temper, and good sense, and good taste, and good feeling; hut, perhaps, above all tho other relationships of life, that of MOTHER-IN-LAW, AND DAUGHTER-IN-LAW. demands all these gifts and gracea. But, then, the relationship, that oliera scope and operation and reward for all those gifts of heart and graces' of character is just. \that relationship that should ba entered on by. all men and women with much watch fulness, eolicitousnees, prayer, tendernees, sympathy, and loyalty; in short, with the mind and the heart of Ruth, that Mcablters maiden, and Naomi, that mother in Israel, that widow indeed. Moses was as much oposed to Ruth's marriage as he had been to Jephthah's. A Moabite woman, shall never be married byan Israelite man if I can,' help it, said that revengeful old law-giver; not to ten generations shall any of their offspring enter, the congregation of the Lord. Yes, said Naomi, who had made up her mind to tho interdicted] marriage-Yes, she said to ber more conservative and scrupulous husband, as she milked her kine under the top of Pisgah-Yes, she said, but mar riage laws are made for men and women, andi not men and women for marriage laws. And! had Moses been here, she went on; had Moses been, . famished out of Bethlehem- Judah, as we havg been; and had he been received and entertained! of Ruth's and Orpah's fathers and mothers, as we have been, he would to a certainty have tom' f that angry leaf out of his law. Depend upon it, she said, as she saw her husband beginning to A give way, depend upon it, Moses had altogether. other Moabites in his mind's eye than Ruth and ^ Orpah, and their so hospitable fathers, when he,; set down his ^ RETALIATORY MARRIAGE LAWS. É And Elimelech at last gave way. Nehemiah also, ;?' as well as Moses, visited tho iniquity of the Moa bite fathers upon the Moabite children to too many generations. For that merciless reformer ? and iconoclast contended with, and smote with, his fists, and forcibly divorced the men of Jerusa lem who had married Moabite women in his day. But there again, this is to be said for Nehemiah, that the law-breakers of his day had not married such dear, sweet, generous-hearted women as .Ruth and Orpah were. "Because their fathers met not the children of Israel with bread and with water," said Nehemiah. But, then, that was just what Ruth and Orpah and their fathers had done. They had met Elimelech, and Naomi, and Mahlon, and Chilion, not with bread and water only, but with wine, and mille, and honey, and spices, and all manner of Moabite fruits, till the land of Moah became to that famished-out family of Bethlehem- Judah a land of Moah indeed, a most delectable mountain, a place to dwell in, and to see their sons and their sons' sons settled in. And thus it came about that those two Is raelite youths, Mahlon and Chilion, were married to those two Moabite maidens, Orpah and Ruth. And thus, through all that, it came about in God's providence that a rich stream of Moabite blood ran first in King David's veins, and. then , through David's veins into the veins of a far greater King than David. After the death of Elimelech, ' Naomi was a widow after Paul's own heart. NAOMI AVAS A WIDOW INDEED. She was desolate, but she trusted God, and con tinued in supplication and prayer night and Cay. She was in behavior likewise as becometh holiness. She taught the Moabite young women about her to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chaste, and keepers at home. In short, she taught them to be wives and mothers in Moab like the wives and mothers in Israel. I feel sure we shall not be far wrong to trace up a great part of Ruth's courage, devo tion, extraordinary loyalty, and exquisito love, not so much to Naomi's schooling as to her ex ample. She, no doubt, had something to get over, as well as her husband, when the two marriages first, began to dawn upon her. At the beginning she, too, had her own struggle with her Hebrew pride when she saw that her two Hebrew-born sons were not to be married into some of the old est and best of the families of Bethlehem-Judah. But when she saw that was not to be, she bore no grudge against the two Moabite maidens, but went over to their sde, and stood up for them against both Moses, and Elimelech, and Nehemiah. And then, now among the joys of marriages, and now among the sorrows of death-beds, Naomi showed to those two Moabite women what a widowed wife and mother had to rest on in Israel; and one, at least, of her daughters-in-law laid the lesson and the example well to heart. Yes; behind all the nobleness, steadfastness, beauty, and tender ness of Ruth, I see inspiring and sustaining and maturing it all, the wise, chastened, weaned mind of one who was a mother in Israel arid a widow in Israel indeed. (To be concluded.) 