GREAT WRO1G: OD, THE YfYSTERY OF BLACK IOL. LOW GRANGE. ~-------+***+--- - CIIHATTER IV.-CosneEDo. "Passengers for Piedmont," shouts the conductor. SLenore has no desire to visitPiedmont, but ishe sees the blue highlands beyond, and fancying that Block Hollow Grange must be somewhere in their midst, she determines to go on. With an elastic spring ishe getsaboard, and tho.traoin tlhunders on just as poor, panting Clotille comes up. H", Miss Lenore I Mirs Lenorn 1" she shrieks, but thire roar of the wheels drowns hier fran. Jtic cry, and Miss Trevethon, looking from the windowr of her carriage, nods and kisses thI tips of her white fingers, asshe is whirled away.. . "-What shall I do I" moans the woman,. -ringin" her ~ands. 'er:ii ttake my- iife if he ever know 01~h, whnt-shall-Ido?"i Meanrwhile Lenoro flies on, over miles of golden gorse, and nurple:heath-bloom, a .trange sense of liberty thrilling her. . The young lady removes her jaunty bet, and lies back in her.seat, while thelbreeze stirs.tier tresses intosa niass oifriotodiigold. Ieiress and brde-elect that she is, she finds her life insufferiably'dull and stupid. The constant adrulation and homage of men and women, has grown to be an old song, of which she is thoroughly weary. - " I wish I could run away," she repeats, Watchling thire flying hbills with dreamy eyes. " Ib~ave hal a mind to try--run away and seek: iny fortune, as the heroines in novels sonimtimes do, and leave all my possesrsions to Sir Geoffrey. I suppose, however, he iwould follow me, and fetch me back to -marry-tRichmond t Dner;dearr, h; m awfily stupid it all is-this marrying business above all. It really turns me siok to think of it. I sincerely hope that Richmond may be ship. wrecked I" '!Piedmont Station i" : She springs to her feet; and adjusts her hat and tlmbled tresses. "If yenou please, sir," she inquires, as ther conductor hands :hr out;"is there a place anywhere near here called Black Hollow Grange?" The meas turns round and looks at her be. fore be replies : "Yes, miss.: thec:reis; the 'Haunted Manor,/it-ls-eatll-dmnwadays.;..." "Precisely; thit's .the . place I mean. Will yes have the ir'kindoess;; sir, to tell me the distance, aniid in hiirat direction it lies ?"' : "Over yonder miss theother side of those ol.b?e peaks to the left a matter of a couple o'r miles lpetlis, and ai prietty straight road. t.iut berging your pardon, miss, you don't thinkef geoig there . "Yes, sir. I am certainly going to the 'Hnarunsed Manor,' if I can find it, and I'm mmuehooblged to you." . "Perhaps you don't know, miss; that the manor's been deserted this ten year and more, and flks say 'tis haunted I' cintinues -the conductor, withutbhever~b est inten. tions. "'Yes, sir, I know all about it. Good moaningl " SLenore trips away, while a dozen heads _rotrude from the carriage wilndows, and.as many pairs of eyes watch her with staring curi sity. She hurries on, moredeterminedthan ever no accmplish the ohject she has in view. She has walked a full mile, and the sun has iasoed the zenith before sihe comeso:in sight of la singledlwelling, or the least sign of civi. lized life.: At last, in a green holldow beneath the hills, she snes a small but, in front of "which an old wom.in sits knitting. Lenore |is growing iveak from fatigue and hunger; hence she determines to turn aside and buy adr~ught of fresh milk,and find out if she is ;prsuingthe right way. :The old deusierises up at her approach and uroffers her ia sect,which the girl gladly ac ,eptel'. . S:he srints protect us I" cries tse same, "ith uplifted hands and affrighted eyes' 'one would take ye for the lovely murdered leddy herself,come out of her winding sheet. :Are ye a ghost or a living woman?" '.'A living woman, and a hungry one,too," Iingis Lenore. "?My gool creature, what do yon mean 1 Surely you don't take me for aghosti" "Nay, nay, bhot ye look loike her, the poor .munrdered leddy as sleeps in the B:ack Hollow up yonder. I acen her wi' these twmo eyes, the blessed night afore she was mur. dered, a walking up and down the terrace, her yoler hair all a streaming, and the flower?s on net breast, and you be as like her ms two peas." *' Lenore's eyes qmcaiely nr with tears, ana her breast heaves. "Poor lady," she replies, steadying her voice by a great effort. " I've heard of her Tell me about her, please." " There is little to tell, mies, saving that she walked the terrace that evening, so fair and so smiling, and the next blessed morn they found her lying dead in a pool of her own heart's blood, and the master gone, and from that day to this he has not been heard of. But they do say," she adds, with a shuldder, "as he it was murdered her, be. causeashe had a smiling face for other men than him, and that's whly they buried her min the Black HIollow, and with a stone cross at her head. Lenore presses her hand against her heart. She has never been told before that her mother lies buried in the Black IIollow below the Grange. "And no one can tell what become of him 2" she falters. "T huband, yeou man-,-Blessa-yor, miss I fut some think he made an end atof hisself in the lake yonder, and they do say, when it storms, and the winds are high, he comea back and sits on the shore, and she walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair streaming, wringing her white hands. and crying fit to break her heart." "And the haunted manor is not far from here, is it?" asks Lenore. "A mile perhaps, right above us, beyond the black firs." Were you ever in the old house I i mean, since the murdler?" "Saints protect us, I'd as soon venture within the gates o' perdition. Why, no biuman creature has ever crossel that black lea _eand no one has iever entered the accursced place since the murder, excepting Amnrise Gerhart. and he was well-nigh trightened out of his wits." ' There was a child left, I have heard," tIiss Trevethon continues, moved by a urious desire to hear all the old ;idame lcan :elI. - " Bless re. miss, a little mite of a girl.andl she was wannermng tromn room to room, a sobbing and crying, and her mother's blood sfore he" young eyes. They fetched hier down here the very day after the mnrder, an1 I gave her a bowl atof goat's milk and brhwn bread from that very blue bowl on the dresser. Such a pretty little lady, the very picture of hier mthler." "iAnd what became of her 1" "They took her awany. IIis consin camr from over thle sea,and took her off to Loadsn, nlnl I've heard nothing of her since. She may be dead by thisi-the better for hier if she is, poor thing, for the imother's shame alwnays falls on the daughter's head." " Ay, true enough, better for her if she were dead," Lenore echoes under her breath, with a weary sigh. " Let my have a draught of milk and a morsel of bread, and take this for your troable," she adds, aloud. - The dame's eyes glitter greedily at sight of tle silver whlich Lnore puts in htier yellow palm, and sele hobbles away, and produces a bowl of milk and a small loaf of bread. Icnore drinks the milk from the same btlue bowl, from which she was fed so many years ago, puts a morsel of the loaf in her pocket, bids her hostess adies, and de. 'iseis. The old woman rootas alter her, shading hier eyes from the afternoon sunlight. "The naentt proteet -us,"-he-malttenr, "they be as like as two pens I It surely can't be the chost of the murdered fair lady 1 1 shouldl drolp in my shoes with fearif I really, thought so, CHAPTER V. A AWFUIL APPARITIOn. It is the same old story of murder and. mystery that Mins Trerethon had heard fnrom the lips of old Kisby a few years before. He was an old and devoted servant of the IHouse uf Trevet!,n. and on his dleathhed hIe hlad told the r n,. I: heiress'the terrible taleof her mother's rirdlerand her father disappear on ce. .. . . - . The terrible affair happened:some two or three years after the formlt Ihetrelthal,or '! Fairy Marriaee," wih th:hlch n~ estory noened. Geoffrey Trevelthonthe hanished heir, was still off in Indi. "serving!his country inderlhis.onssmed name. whirl Ills ennsin. Arthur, rueined in Ihi stead at Len lith Halil. But poor SirArthibi was an :iu valid, snffering froni an incurahbl diseease,' amld tookl.but small comfort in hIiswealth and. his hionrs. The one desire nf.his heart ?v?n to see hIis adopted brother amin, and to restore to him the heritneae whlich' hid f.aitlher's on. natural cruelty had taken from hIim. Baut Geoffrey did.not retori. and his letters to his friends in,Englannd were few and far between. .Despairing of. ever' bening him !agaie.Sir 'Aether. made hi wiiiselirindig~hiu daughter, she fa'cied, to remain true '?ind l doy-e childish marriage t-o her cousin, fiehnond. . ..... Some time thereaftr he went with his family toasiend the suminer months, after the custom of his race, at an ohld:home amid the . Scottish Grange--a. gloomy, ghostly, grand old. hose, built on the summit of a bold spur, benieath which lay a wild glen, from which the.plnace derived its name. : Sir Arthur went up with troops of gay friends. and .a few ciicient servants, and tbhrugh,' all.the .golden summer-time the hill eointry was enlivened with their festivities. It was as late as September when the party broke up, and the baronet made prerparations for his return to England. Only a day or so before his departure a foreign letter came thrbouaeh his London nent from the banished heir, and it contained the welcome intclli. gene that he was coming home at last. His wife was dted and buried in India. and in seetenee to leer dying wish, he was coming, with his son, Richmond, to Lyndeth Hiall. This letter made Sir Arthur auother man. Filled with delight, he made preparations for an immediatevisit to London to meet and welcome the returningsoldier. I No mlatter how soon I die now, I shall die content," he said to his wife on the eve of their departure. "To see Geoffrey rein. stated in his old home is the dearest wish of my ties." Tbe gents were all gone f.romBlaek Hol. low Grange; the servants had been sent in advance to Lyndeth Hall, and on the morrow Sir'Arthur and his family would follow. The morrow came, and the men who were to take charge of thie Grange appeared at an early .hour. They found the old house as silent as a tomb, and when they entered, after ineffectual efforts to rouse the family, an arwful sight met them. Under the sickly glimmer of the still burning chandeliers, all bathed in blood, lay Sir Arthur's beautiful wife, brutally mur dered; in the room beyond her maid was also found dead;' and wandering about the nursery, sobbing in terror and grief was the little girl Lenore. Sir Arthur himself was go0ne. N'otracefi him, either alive ordead, could be found anywhere. Aweek, perhaps, after this shocking tragd, the cousin of the murdered man'ar rived in London with his little son. He was greatly ahocked, as may be imagined, but he envinced great presence of mind, and at once hlrried to the scene of the murder. He found the neighborhood in great excitement, and the Grange in the hands of the authori ties, who were using every effort to elucidate the mystery. Vainly enough, however, not the slightest clue could be bh.ad to the mur derer,. noricould the mysterious disappenr. ance of Sir Arthur be nccounted for. His wife; poor, beautiful lady, who was a foreigner by birth, and without relatives in England, had been buried in the hollow below the Grange; and a report was circu. lated that her frailty had equalled her beauty, and her husband had murdered her in a fit of jealousy, and then fled. This report Geoffrey Trevethon contra dicted with great indignation, and took upon himself the task of clearing up the mystery and lifting the dishonor from his cousin's name. Putting aside all scruples in regard to his late father's will, he at once accepted the title which belonged to him, and installed himself as guardian of little Lenore, assuming entire control of the vast estates of which she was sole heir. tie wvorked assiduously, too, sparing no ex. posse or pains to solve the strange mystery not brine the criminal to justice, but with. out success. Not the slightest clue could be had to the mysterious disappearance of Sir Arlthur or to the murdereeotbiowifec... Yearn passed, and the mystery of Black Hollow Grange was a mystery still; and little by little the terrible story had come to Lenore's ears as she grew towardl perfect womanhood. A word lhere, and a hint there, until at last the old servant, on his death bed, had poured the whole awful story into her ear, From that hour the heiress of Trevethon had thought of little else. She thinks of it now, standing all alone amid the wild Scot tish hills under the very shadowof the weird ohl house which holds the awful secret. The sun hangs low in the west, its yellow rays gleaming on the quaint, weird windows and gray gables of the haunted Grange; but in her brave, resolute heart Mliss Trevethlun resolves to push her adventure to the end. She had planned too long to obtain this opportunity to haveany thought of renounc ing it. Tet, despite her brave blood and ier in vincible will, her young cheek blanches, and a slightsloudder shakes her, as she looks up at tihe frowning oTa mausion, ditmly reveaicd through the thick foliage of the black tires. lIn that gruesome, ghostly manor she was male an orphan. Ah, heaven, if she might only be able to solve the mnystery and lift the stain from her dead motllr's name. With rapid steps she makes her wayto the black glen below the manor. It is a wild soud lonely valley, shut in by funereal borders of black firs, and in its very centre uprises a spectral stone cross. Lenore casts herself down upon the mossy sarth and reads the simple inscription: I Lenore Trevethon." .ennretis deeply moved; she rests her chrobbitt bhad against the cold tomnbstone and weeps as she never wept before. Mot" e r, dar,. beautiful mother I" she moans, ' I do not believe one word of the 'vil they impute toyou--Inever will believe it. Oh, mother, look down from heaven and pit eoUr poor child !" \- raven flops its wingo in the black crunches oosoverch naod aoutesa astismalcroak,_. the girl rises to her feet with a shudder, plocd asfrl g of blooming heatlerefrom the lonely grave, and turns away with a hearts broben sob. The winding path that once led up the luff is all overgrowdn, al it is with consider Able difleolty that she makes the ascent. Pantinc from her exertiorna, ahe at last stands before the hnge iron gate. It i closed, blut at the touch of her hand it swings open with o hoarse creak. She crosses the grounds and rains tihe terrace open which her mother walked the evening before her death. Tise flaetones beneath her feet are green and slippery withmold,the old house looms up hbovo her like a huge gray tomb. She looks op at the siltet windows and an asful terror comes over her. Her cheeks blanch and her very knees shake. DBt she clenches her hIand and sets her teeth, the old Trevethon will risingup strong within her. "Never look back," was an ancient amttc Cf her house. She will not took back now. She makes her way round to the front entrance. The yard is overgrown, ann heIre anrt there a broke n urn or a fallen statue glea:ns through the long grass, and over the huge pil;rs of the portico wild vines trail in lusuriant grsowth. * Lenore ascends the mossy steps, poasses the esiibule, gand tries thie massive oak door. It opens readly, and sele passes tilreugh into a wide hall all hung with hunting trophies, and here ?ctitlhiere a piece of ancient arnmor. Through a stained windowrat thie remote end the afternoon sin shines, filling the room wth luacid splendor, Meisc Trevethon -movcs- on-wrtr--ateed breath andt distended eyes, awed and yet strangely fascinated. She comes to another dooeer, which admits her into the spacious doubledrawing-rooms. Thelurid glow from the stained window peiletrates even here, dis. closing the tattered silken hangings and the faded carpet, in the very centre of which, under the rusty chandelier, is a dark stain, which all the years had failed to hobliterate. The girl sees it, and a cry of horror breaks from her white lips. It was in that spoc that her mother lay murdered. She turns away, sick and shadderiag, and returns to the hall. The broad staircase goes winding p ejust beyond her;andl posesedl: with : ~foolish fancy that in some part of this dim old hos?s she inst find a clue to iher hither's mstecriois fate, she ventures to ascendri vHer light steps ring sharply in thle teirrible silence. On the first lahding a l-rat hird fltters outfrom l a seqaestere, sns,:k, inl Hlie trist heir with a scream. The cirl's h?ear bients'so rapildly thatslie canscarckly breaitue, an a rcold sweat bedews her brow,; hut sne ..She comes to alongsiiteof sleeping opa nients, the first of which ,hir enters ft is - aaseircs-hnmber,- wliera-n-sat-.h-n.l? splenldid in its day, the c~Luch all hIng with tarnished white, tile dressing- tableistrewi with feminine trifles. " Can this have been my mother's cham.. ber 7' the irl wonders. - ": She approaches the table to select some little souvenir from tlhe faded toys, when:n s?lien sonulnd, a mesmeric sense of some nrear presence, thrills her aith deadly terrr. Shq tarcs raund.isit in time to see asn on poeate door swing reutloruly open and a face peer tirceurh the -aperture. An ri wfil face it seems to the terrifletl girl, white and spec tral,' with a bheard lowingdown like a ftiosty cloud. One wild, widc.eyed glance, and then with a shriek of mortal fear Lenore flies cut of the chamber and down the resounding stairs. "Stop, stop I I'm not mad, my beaoutif maiden; I won't hurt you'," calls a gentie, musical voice., ' Biut if Miss Trevetbon hears she does not heed. She flies downward with headlong speed until she reaches the terrace below; there she paoses and and reels giddily for an instant. IIer over-taxed powers fail her, and with a second terrified cry she falls idown upon the mossy flag-stones in a death like swoon. * CHAPTER Vi. iel ILL.STARRED MEETINI." SWhen Mits Trerethon nawoke from her troice of terror theisun was qdlte down, and the silvery mist of a September twilight hung over the dark old manor. She lay where she had fallen on the dnmo stones of the terrace, and it was some time before she coul collecther senses sufliceintnlv toremember what had happened, or where she was;. When she did fully remember, all her wild terror was revived, and she scrambled to her feet, and went scudding across the grounds like a hunted bare. Beyond the great gate she paused, andven. tnred to look back. The sun was down, but all the weJstias in a flame of crimson fire, while over the blue peaks o~the Highland hills a golden harvest moon was rising. Every window in the old manor, every gray tenrret, was gilded with reflected light. Lenore gazed upward, experiencing a feel ing of admiration despite her terror ; but while she gazed a tturret Window was thrown. open, and that amtrie awfiul faelooked out. A phanltom hand slowly beckoned her, anod that same luring, musical voice called out again. . "Pretty maiden, no need to ran away; this house is mine, and you are welcome. I am not mad, as they tell you I' At any other time the girl's brave blood would have sustained her : but wearied and unnerved as she was, she succumbed to the terror that assailed her; never dreaming that anything short of some awful super. natural presence was looking down upon her. She turned and fled, as if for her very life. " Clotilde was right," she murmured, as she ran along; "I should never have come I" e h r She had gone about a mile perhaps, when she began to feel doubtful about- ler-abiliy- to keep the right path. She paused, and glanced about her, hoping to see some human habitation. Alas I there was none in sight. By this time the sun had gone down, and the moon was bathing the earth with its silvee radiance. While she stood irresolute, afootstep sounded behind her. She turned swiftly, and faced a ma'. with his hat in his band, and a cigar betn cu his lips. A tall, dark, and rather hanicome person he looked ii-the moonlight. L?enore decided to ad. dress him. "If you please, sir," she said, as he ap. prenched her, "I am trying to reach Pied. mont station, anld I feel somewhat doubtful whether I am on the right course. Will you have the kindness-" "Now that iv jolly," the stranger inter. rupted, in a harsh, familiar voice. "Pied mont station-the very confounded place I'm in search of I Come, my dear, you are too pretty to be wandering alone at this hour, so we'll bear each other company. Give me your hand, my dear, and we'll soon reach Piedmont, or some other place.r lie advanced quite close, and attempted to take her hand ; his breath, reeking with uuady,cocming.hot ugpoher cheek. Lenore drew back in disgust and anger. "Thank you, sir, but I have no desire for your company; I merely thought you would he civil enough to direct me which way to go. Let me passl" But he planted himself before her like a Her blue eyes began to flash like steele, and the rich color leaped to her white cheeks. She had fled from what ashe believed to be an apparation, but she had no fear of mortal "Let me pass, sir;" she repeated, her im. perious voice ringing like a bugle. " Let you pass 1" the man repeated,catch. ing at her hand again. "\Why, what d're take me for What's a pretty creature like you strolling about at this hour for, if not in quest of company ? And I'm good company, I am. Come, now, give us a kiss, and take my arm, and we'll jog along together as jolly as you please I" A sudden sense of her thoughtless in. discretion in putting herself in such a questionable position, smote Lenore, but she felt no fear. "Will you let me pass, sirl" she again re. peanted. For answer, the man seized her left arm, and drew her close to his side, and bending over hier, madel an effort to pollute her cheek by contact with his lips. She did not cry out or even struggle, but her blue eyes darkened until they looked almost bla:k in the moonlight, and she put her right hand to her bosom. The next instant, something brighlt flashed out like a gleam of lightning, and the man releasing his hold, staggered ldack with a loud cry. " .Why, what's this ? What are you doing 1" demanded a resonant voice. Miss Trellvethon turned quietly to meet this new-comer, retlurning the slender dagger to her bosom, as she did so. It was a curious, costly little toy, that had been in her family for ages, and it was Lenore's habit to carry it about her p-rson. (To be e.nlinued.) 'Mradam,' said the impecunious boarder to the ]antdlady, 'I wirh to pay mry addore.es to your daughter.t' ' I'm delightted to hear it,' she repll:d; 'bbut I should like to merntioan that if you doe't pay themn more pronmptly than you do your board bills, you'll never get her oung eaani.. e r . Tthe Navy Lergue's proporitionr to piae .a orerath at the footof Nelson'o Cotelmn oer the anoiversary of the Battle of Trafalgar calls to mind the famous etxclamation of one of Noel son's sailers when he first aew the calumn im Trfalogr-obareae . "My eyes !" shoeted the olds t. Why, they've m2theodrd the Zl~buirn !". A Ithotgratheirr hba a way of toking things that woreld not be tolerated in on" other linn of ousiness Printed and publishedby the Proprietors, KAIN & TIoiSr1N,, at their Office, 168 & 170 queeniberry.street, North Melbo?rne, TsLEPHOsEo 1181, 