MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. Minnie Anderson is at present at the Fremantle Bijou. Alfred Dampier will probably open in Sydney during August. The Banvard Company will " do Kalgoorlie during race week. On dit that Westihaeott's pantomime of " Siubad " is coming West. It -is said that '-La Tosca" will shortly be produced at Perth Ro^al. Darrell produces the thundering " Streets of New York in Perth this week. " Fun on the Bristol" puts in an appearance at the Tivoli ou Saturday week. The local Double Quartette Party give a concert in the Tivoli Theatre ou Thursday week. The flying trapeze act tud a vocal ballet are numbered among the new items at tiie local" Tiv." on Saturday. The Perth Amateur Opera Company are busily rehearsing " Pinafore," which will probably be produced next month Mr Charles Harper leaves Perth for the East some time this week, with the intention of bringing back some firstclass artists. Miss Alice St. John, in the role of the aristocratic spinster, appeared with the Barretts in " The Sorrows of Satan' at Perth last week. Th« Banvards did fair business ,s considering " at Southern Cross last week. The same audiences put in an appearance each evening, and are now crying for " more." Yesterday's telegrams conveyed tlie news that Mrs Oldham, one of Adelaide's most popular songstresses, intends taking up permanent residence in Westralia. Miss Dora Taylor, a songstress and dansense, at present pleasing Perth at Cremorne, is booked for the local " Tiv " next week, or thereabouts. Miss Celia Ghiloni, the clever vocalist who won golden opinions in Coolgardie some little time back, is now running a series of Sunday Sacred Concerts at the Fremantle Town Hall. She is supported by a strong company, including Miss Isabel Reid, another Coolgardiefavorite. It is not generally known that Miss Terry originally intended to become an; artist. The London correspondent of the " Irish Daily Independent " say.s she learned the rudiments of art many years ago in the London studio of the famous Irish sculptor, Mr John. Lawlor. Little Florrie Banvard and Miss Nellie Marshall now rnn in double harness in their "turns"—a successful innovation. Florrie B., although not yet in ber teens, is a most accomplished danseuse, and her naive stage manner has secured her a unanimous vote of lovableness. From Berlin comes the news that Hermann Sudermann, best known as the author of " Magda," has just com-: pleted a very extraordinary drama, in five acts, which he has christened " Johannes." The first representation of this new work of the celebrated German dramaturgist will take place during the month of September at the Deutsche Theaier. Mr George Edwardes takes to England Signor Zacconi, the great Italian tragedian, who has been "epoch- ''makingin Germany. His severest critics in the Fatherland agree that he is one of the most,extraordinary actors seen there for generations. Ibsen's; " Ghost" ana Giacosa's "The Rights of the Soul " are the features of Zacconi's repertoire, and his leading lady, Signora Tarini, :has earned enthusiastic praise in both pieces; MdlleTvette Gnilbert's marriage, so often announced, is now, it seems, very near, the banns having been published the.other day. Her husband-elect is M. Max Schiller, a young American chemist. Yvette (writes our London correspondent) has amassed a fine fortune, something like £100,000 by all accounts, but she k will not retire from the music hall stage for the present, her engagement with M. Marchand, of the Seals and the Folies-Bergere, Paris, having still three or four years to run. Whether it be an effect of business, or temperament, the Americans like to take their amusements " thick and fast," ag all who have seen Barnum's Show will admit. To meet this want an "American architect has devised a theatre with two- auditoriums and one stage between them, so that two audiences can $ratch two performances at once. Such is Proctor's Pleasure Palace, New York, in which ='tbe central stage is open on both sides, and the two audiences are separated by it. It is used at present for ballets and varieties; bat, who; knows, perhaps,, the .American mind: will advance a step further, and crave; the piquant sauce of comedy and tragedy played together—say," Hamlet*" on one side, and "Charley's Aunt" on the other. "3ia»3>nse" has; managed to please all Paris except the tenor, Tamagno, who considers that her triumph is only due to snobbery and to the efforts of the Franco-Italian Society, of which Signor Baqueni Is a leading spirit, Signor Tamagno naturally forgets that he himself is a sample of the same hos ' pitable feeling. There can be no doubt that the success of Eleanore Duse is of the most solid kind. The critics have not only been -unanimous, but have caught the secret of the marvellous power of . the Italian actress. Pulcinello. and Pierrot may be in essence wther puerile, but upon the lines of their whitened faces real agony and deep human feeling are visible. Dumb show is the best training for the artist. The comparison with 'Sarah Bernhardt is no longer admissible. These two queens of the stage reign over different spheres. Mine Eleanore Duse made her first appearance in Paris on June 1, at the Theatre de la Renaissance with „ the greatest success. The play selected was an Italian version of Dumas's " La Dame aux Camelias. A large crowd surrounded the theatre at an early hour, and the house was packed. Mme. Sarah Bernhardt occupied a prominent box, and throughout the evening led the applause. Mme. Duse was enthusiastically recalled ,after each act. , 