IN THE SUPREME COURT, SYDNEY. A DIVORCE DAY. The case which furnishes illustrations for a day "in ilie Supreme Court, Sydney,"' has l-ce]tt bench, bar, and jury busy for the best part of two weeks. It was begun on ^lon COl/XStX FOR CO-RES POX DENT, MR. IJEYDOX, Q.C. lay, December <3\. The petitioner is Percy Ucnnett, dental surgeon, and the respon dent his wife, Lydia Bennett, formerly ilofoey. The ground on which divorce was asked for was adultery with Wm. Fred. Richards. Five thousand pounds damages were claimed. The respondent asked for a judicial separation on the ground of cruelty nnd adultery with two unmarried women. Ueunetts case was that his wife received visits from Richards at the house during lier husband's absence. A housemaid was the principal witness in support of his allegation. Mrs. Bennett made counter allegations, but, so far as they concerned one person, they broke down hopelessly, and they were dismissed from the attention of the jury. The bar engaged included three DIE INTERVENER. ATTORXEV-GESERAL, COUNSEL FOR PETITIONER. (J.C.'s, 011c of whom is the Attorney-Gene ral. The petitioner sat at the back of his counsel, nervous and restless. He is of medium height, and rather slight, dark, mid sallow, with a strong, determined nose, somewhat of the stage Xero type. In the box lie was cool and collected, and gave his evi dence in a straightforward way, untroubled liy Qounsel's cross-examination. The re spondent is dark and sallow, and might easily be taken for a Spanish woman. She was dressed neatly iu black, the only touch of colour being the green ribbon in her straw hat. She chattered and smiled as if the whole thing was a joke. She had the air of a good business woman, and made voluminous notes in her little book during the examination of her husband. Her sister was at her side, and seemed far more troubled about the affair than the respondent. On a subsequent day the re spondent gave way to emotion in the wit ness box. The intervener is a young lady who has come into the ease to defend herself from aspersions made by the respon dent. She wore a large hat and dark blue veil, which gave a ghost-like appearance to her already white face. She is short, slight, and ordinary looking, and was really in bad health. BE^KDENT. PLAINTIFF. ' COUNSEL FOR INTERVENER. MIL WlSfe V . . ; ? - IN THE SUPREME COURT, (SIDNEY; DIVORCE DAY, THE JUDGE, MR. JUSTICE G. B. SIMPSON. COUNSEL FOR RESPONDENT, MR. RALSTON". 