THE POET'S WIFE. "Do yon see that couple sitting on the Seat at the far end of the gardens? That as Hubert Wray, the blind poet, and" his jwife. They have a house on the mountain side, and often come here to enjoy the view over the lake. We will walk Tound the path, so that you may we him close at, hand.,. He is alipost as. iuterestincin'Himiflilf ing-in "himself as «>c 5n in hiii his 'iriHtimtc writings. "Ah* I should like that: He -is :i line fellow, and I am almost more anxious to see his wife than himself. She must be one woman in a thousand, to judge from all she has done for hhn.' My friend glan^l ai me beneath bent brows a curious IOOK, aud one which implied much. In an instant I in lei-rod that my expectations concerning >frs Wray were doomed to distippoini incur, and yet, as one of the most ardent of the poet's disciples. I liad flattered myself that I knew all that an outsider • might, about his private HIV. Hubert Wray had already made liis •mark as the "most promising of the younger poets when a long-dmided catastrophe closed his eyes and separated him from the world of beauty which lie loved. The blow w:is crushing, and threatened to devastate his life The bird could not sing within hi? darkened cage; he wandered about from one place to auotlier. accompanied only Ihy a faithful manservant, shunning the eociety of Ms fellows, and broodin hopelessly on his loss. > Then, after six years of lonely misery, be met the woman who was now his wife. She had been to him as the recovery of sight, and the words in which ihis later volumes of poems liad Ikhjii dedicated showed the almost idolatrous -worship with which he regarded her in return. Margaret Wray had long lived in my imagination as the ideal woman, and now in a moment that keen, silent glance had shattered the illusion and "left me expectant of disappointment. I asked no questions, but gazed with deepening curiosity at the poet and his wife as they sat on the seat before us. From tlieir-position-they might have passed for lovers, for the two figure Inclined towards each other with that air of absorbing interest in the conversation on hand which is not often seen in a married couple of seven or eight years' standing, while the souud of a woman's musical laugh rang out now and then, followed by such a laearty echo as gave the pleasantesi as surance of the poet's happiness A few yards further and I could see the clean-cut features with which the photographs had made me familiar, aud in a rapid glance assure myself that his wife possessed luxuriant hair, and figure of unusual grace and symmetry She was beautiful, after all. I told my self, but even as the thought passed •through my mind, she turned her face •towards me. and I felt an instant shock of repulsion. The eyes were alight with life, yet the'effect which her ap pearance made upon the beholder was much the same as that caused by the (unexpected sight of a face from which the light of intellect has faded. An in ^escribable brand was upon it. a ad the eight left me cold and iremblin: We walked the full length of the path then I turned and looked at my com panion. "In God's name, what is it? What is the matter?" "A deformed face. Poor thing—a pitiful object. A stroke, I should say, caused by a sudden chill or shock. One side of the face is twisted, and when she «peaks the contortion is increased. Ter ffibly tragic, for she must have been .* handsome woman before it happened The profile is beautifully cut." "And that is Margaret Wray, Hubert •Wray's wife!—the man whose prevailing passion is love of beauty, who has a morbid horror of ugliness, and even in his blindness cannot endure to live among the sordid surroundings of a city!" "But he cannot see her, remember. No man with his eyes open could have' married such a woman; but she is a perfect companion, and lias made his •happiness." • I stayed for some weeks in the hotel, and before I left the unexpected had happened, for I had made the acquaintance of the poet, and enjoyed some memorable conversations, in which I was (more and more charmed with his personality. He had heard that my name was among the list of visitors, and as some of my literary efforts had been fortunate enough to attract his attention, had expressed a wish to receive me at li'is bouse. In visiting him I naturally saw fcnucli of his wife. She shrank from me at first with the shyness which she •showed to all strangers, but when she found that my society gave her husband pleasure, her reserve melted, and she gave me a kindly welcome. If.I had been blind like Wray, I must bave loved her too, for her voice was as music in its soft, full cadence, and of all women I have met she possessed the greatest charm of conversation. A few, apt, happy words, and the scene—the individual—the situation, stood out before the eyes as in a picture. She had the power of seizing the salient point of a narrative, and missing out unnecessary .detail: while every now and then out flashed a spark of humor, so keen, so fresh and scintillating, that the near &t; could not restrain his delight Wray's melancholy vanished in her company as a mist before the sun. Half a dozen times, in-the course of a conversation, he would turn towards me, his sightless eyes appealing for sympathy in his delight and pride. "Isn't she wonderful?" he would cry. "Most people walk blindfolded through the world, but Margaret sees everything. She weaves a story out of the most commonplace materials, and she shares everything with me. I see again through Sier eyes." He often referred to his blindness, and that In such an open, natural manner that one dav I ventured to ask if there was any hope that his sight could be restored". His face fell. "Not now," he said. "There was once. An oculist proposed an operation a few years ago: it was performed, but was unsuccessful, and that settled the question for life. Nothing more can be •done." I murmured some words of sympathy for what must have been a cruel disappointment. J • "That was terrible—almost worse than the first blindness. The renewal of ihope, the suffering, the suspense—all for nothing!" "No. not for nothing," he said quiclclv. "I had my reward." He put out his hand with a pathetic, groping gesture, and laid it on his wife's shoulder. "It was worth it all, Inland, for I had a few moment's sight; 1 saw the skv again, and the green earth, and, what I longed for most of all, my wife's beautiful face! I had never seen her—imagine it—my own wife! But God gave ine that glimpse, and I am satisfied. I would have born any suffering to have known that moment." Margaret Wray and I sat silent, gazing at each other. Her face worked in pitiful convulsion, the dark eyes besought mine, humble, imploring, like those of on animal in pain. I could not meet that glance and keep my composure, llie lake grew misty before my sight, and my voice faltered as I spoke. "You are a fortunate man. Wray. *ou have the best gift that this world can give. T Some time afterwards >1 heard tlie strange and pathetic story of this incident in the poet's life, which I now give as nearly as possible as it was told to me. In the sixth year of Hubert Wray's blindness he was spending the summer in one of the smaller mountain hotels in Switzerland, where he was out of the run of the ordinary tourist, and could secure the quiet which he coveted. The mood of brooding melancholy had settled iipon him, and he kept aloof from the other visitors, sitting for hours upon a seat on the terrace, his hands clasped on his knee, his head hanging toward on his chest. One morning as he sat tlius a rustling of garments came to his ear: lie was aware that a lady had seated herself beside him. and presently a voice addressed him by name. Will it disturb you. Mr Wray, if I sit here for a few minutes? I think , we share a weakness for this scat. There is no other in the garden so comfortable tnd so delightfully situated':" The words were commonplace, but the voice charmed Wray's sensitive ear, and the desire to hear it again superseded his disinclination for conversation. He turned towards the spreilcer, and said, wistfully: "Please, don't let me drive von away. Perhaps I lmve been selfish in monopolising the best place. Any other would do equally well for me. I cannot see the view " "Shall I show it to you?" she said gently, and before he could answer she began to paint the scene before them in beautiful glowing words—the lake, with the reliection of the mountains tin-own across the blue: the little steamer rounding the bay, its smoke luminous in the sunlight: the nearer heights green with the verdure of summer: the solemn pines rising behind: the snow-peaks towering into the sky. The clouds drifting across the sun. dappling the mountain sides with light and shade: she described each fresh effect as it appeared, and he grasped it with his keen, poetic sense. The scene took shape before his eyes: he saw it so clearly that he trembled as lie sat, and his heart beat in his ears. Sympathising friends tried to perform this office foi*him before now with disheartening results, but this woman lent him her own eyes, and as he listened the words shaped themselves into a stately measure, and the lost gift of song came back to life. After this they met daily, and spent Jiours wandering together about the mountain side. He wondered often how it. happened that a woman of such fascination should share his own distaste for society, but it was not a characteristic which he was inclined to deplore, since she never disguised the pleasure which she felt in his company. Conceive what it must have been to a woman in her position! To have been beautiful, to know herself possessed of exceptional charm, to find herself at one stroke marked out from the rest of the world, an object of pity and repulsion; and then to be brought in contact with a master mind to find all that she had longed for in the way of companionship and sympathy, and that in one whose eyes were mercifully closed to her affliction! Once more she was young.and beautiful—once more she could receive the tribute of admiration so dear to a woman's heart: she bloomed into fresh charm beneath the enchanting experience. while Wray sat enthralled, feeling old hopes and ambition revive with every hour spent in her company. One day he asked her to write a poem at his dictation, and when she expressed her delight he turned his sightless eyes upon her and said. "It is more yours than mine. I have not written for years, but you gave mo the rbou^ht, and the ! words. and the courage to begin afresh."' He was silent for a moment, then added, hurriedly, and with an embarrassment which told its own tale, "You have shown me so much, will you show me one thing more—your own face? May I pass my fingers over it for a moment, so that I may be able to think of you as vou'are?' She bent forward instantly, presenting to him the uninjured side of her face, and setting her features in rigid stillness. The sensitive fingers touched the waving hair, then gently, reverently, traced the outline of the profile, the aquiline of the nose, tlie full lips, the oliin with its curve and dimple. Her face was deathly white the while, and heartbreaking in its agony of suspense, but the touch revealed only the beauty of outline, and gave no hint of disfigurement. "Thank you!" he said, faintly. " You are verv beautiful. T knew it must be so but i shall never see you. . . . If I could have one moment's sight. I would choose to see your face, that 1 might have it with me in the darkness." He had never spoken so plainly before, and the day came when they were to start on separate paths, and rStill . no, words of love'liad been exchanged. It was only when she gave him her hand in farewell that Wray's composure failed. and he stood before her in the garden path—white and trembling with emotion. "If I were a man," he cried, '-and not a maimed, helpless lew:. I would not let you go? You have given me fresh life; I love you as God's own sunshine, but it would be a sin to bind you down to a darkened life."' "Then, as I am a woman." she said, bravely, " I ask you to let me stay, for I shall be bound indeed, if I am away from you. and the sunshine loves to light " the dark places—" So they were married, and for the next five years lived a life of unbroken happiness. Their home was situated in the o depths of the country, where Wraj; devoted himself to writing with all the added power which he had gained by years of suffering. Fame came to him. and words of appreciation from far and near If he had willed he might have been a Hon in society but he preferred to live in seclusion, visited from time to time by such friends as bad been proved and tested. On the first introduction to his wife, these visitors experienced a shock of surprise and repulsion; but after a few days spent in her company, thev meutallv ' congratulated Wray on theperfeetness of the companionship which he had secured, and rejoiced even more in the happiness of a sweet and good woman, most cruelly afflicted. Vt the end of five years a chance meeting in an hotel threatened to ruin the peacefulness of Margaret Wrays lile A young oculist introduced himself to the poet's notice, asked permission to make an examination, and gave it as lus opinion that while the cateract m one eye was beyond cure, an operation might probablv ~r restore j-i. „ «drlimmwinir sight to the other. Ot It was the first glimmering of hope which Wray had known. He was wildly excited-eager to be treated without delav; full of joyful anticipations; but to his wife the tidings came as a warrant for her own doom. She knew her husband's weaknesses by this time as well as his virtues: his shrinking from all that was painful, his craving after beauty in every shape. At the best the sigln of her deformed face must lie a cruel disillusion: there were moments when she doubted if his love would out live the shock and the knowledge that «he had wilfully Tostered a false impi-os- Sion. The operation was.performed. :m<i elm-- in" tlie next two days Wray's eyes were closelv bandaged. They were the longest davs \vhich Margaret had ever known. but thev came to an end at last. The H E QUORJST M E hour arrived when the dressings were to be removed, and the wife sat waiting without in such an agony of suspense as falls to the lot of few mortals to endure. The doctor glanced keenly a t her as he touched her ice-cold hand in greeting, and was so much alarmed by her appearance that be despatched the nurse to sit by her side during the critical, moments. She was a tali, handsome girl, whose acquaintance with the Wrays was of some years' standing, and because she entered into the wife's feelings with a woman's understanding she made no attempt. to speak, but only took the cold hands in her own and held them in sympathetic grip. Margaret Wray stared at her for some moments with vague, unseeing gaze, but gradually tlie young face, so beautiful in its mood of softened tenderness, woke a throbbing memory in her own heart. Something like this she herself had been before the blow fell which had shattered her life. The luxuriant hair, regular features, and well-marked brows made the resemblance something more than a fancy, and it seemed to the poor woman as if a ghost of her own past had risen to add fresh bitterness to her hour of humiliation. She . looked pitifully at the girl, lier need of comfort forcing her into speech. has never seen me. He knows nothing—and we have been so happy. If his sight comes back he will love me n'o longer. It will be the end!" "Dear Mrs Wray, don't say so. Don't let yourself think such things. You wrong your husband. Even if he were disappointed at first, it could make no real difference. He could not change after all these years." The wife shook her head with the sadness of settled conviction. "He is a man." she said, "and has the artist nature. He would love tlie memory of tlie wife whom he has imagined. but every sight of my face would be a fresh shock. He would shrink from me more and more. We would drift apart. I don't blame him. It is his nature. He cannot help it." The girl lifted her head, as if about to speak, but the words died on her lips. The chill in her own blood, the instinctive repulsion which held her back when she most longed to comfort proved too surely the truth of the wife's prophecy. So the two women sat in silence until'the door opened and the doctor entered. He advanced to the spot where !M re Wray sat. his professional reserve giving way to pure human sympathy as he realised what this woman was suffering. "He can see, Mrs Wray.'' he said, gent 1 v. "but I must tell you that I am "not satisfied. . . . There are symp toins of inflammation and I fear the sight will not last. I have told your husband my opinion, and that the eye must be re-bandaged without delay but before that is done he asks—he has sent me—he is anxious to see you." The wife looked at him. and her face was the face of a dead woman. "You say—the sight—will not last "I fear not. It is most improbable, san only, say I bitterly regret having caused this disappointment and—paiii! Sir Wray is naturally agitated—you need not stay with him more than minute: but I fear he will not be satisfied until he has seen you." Margaret's eyes roved round the room like those of a hunted animal, and as they did so they lighted on the figure of the nurse, straining forward in an attitude of anxiety, her face all tearful aud quivering. She rose from her seat with a sudden inspiration, and gripped the girl by the shoulder. "You will help me!" she gasped. "You cani You must: It may Ire onlv :i iuoment. and I cannot, cannot ruin his life and mine. . . I have no one but him. . . I must keep his love, or I shall die. . . You must go and see him in mv place. . . You are beautiful. He will be happy remembering your face, and you need not speak. . . The doctor Will bring you away before he suspects!" While she spoke, her fingers were busily engaged in undoing the cap and apron wliicli the nurse wore as badges of her office, and when this was done she held them out with trembling hands, as though mutely asking that they should be fastened on herself. "But. Mrs Wray, this is not necessary. Spare vourself this at least. If nurse takes your place, there is no reason whv vou should distress yourself by going" into the room." The doctor's voice was not quite steady as lie spoke, but Margaret's look was full of reproach. "Do you think I could stay away? If he has not seen me. neither have I seen him with his soul in his eyes. I must It will be something to remember all my life. . . ." The poet lay on his bed in the darkened room. The blind of the further window was j-aised to half its height, and through it could be- seen a vista of green boughs waving against the blue. He was looking towards it, but, as the doctor led the nurse to the bedside, he turned quickly, and gazed into her face. His eyes were dim and bleared and he held one hand before them as though in pain, but with the other he drew her down nearer and nearer, until the dark young face was close to his own. "Margaret!" he cried, and his voice was a song of triumph. "My wife! my beautiful wife!" A sob of contentment broke from his throaL He let his head fall back on the pillow, and held up his lips with a winsome, childlike gesture Kiss me. Margaret!" c For one instant the girl hesitated t but only one: then, in full sight of the d ulooking figure, she bent her head, and w the poet's lips pressed hers in a close a lingering kiss. Margaret Wray neither e moved nor spoke: it was the nurse t whose self-possession failed, and the T doctor hurried her from the room in mo s mentarv fear of discovery. Outside in the sitting-room the tw women faced each other, silent aud trembling. Then suddenly the girl burst into a torrent of tears, and,.throw iug her arms round Margaret's n*>k kissed her passionately on cheek and lip and brow. "Take it back!" she sobbed. "Lake back! It is yours—he meant it for yon He loves you only. He will love you a> long a-s he lives!" But Margaret Wray was a true woman. She stood rigid beneath the embracing arms, and her lips refused to return the caress. The doctor's prognostications proved to be too well founded. The inflammation increased rather than diminished. When next the dressings were removed WraVs sight had faded so much that he could" just distinguishe between night and dav. and by degrees the darkness closed around him. from which there was no hope of escape. It was a bitter disappointment, but ne liore it bravely, without any relapse into the hopeless despondency of the past, and when he alluded to tlie incident it was rather in a spirit of thankfulness than of repiuing- -God was good. He save me my heart's desire. I saw the sky again aud 1 the green earth. :uid my wite s face—.ier ! beautiful face!" Then he would stretch i out his hand to find hers, while she turn 1 ed to the listener, enmng his silen--< > with pitiful eyes. I It savs much for a world winch is of- ! ten called by harsh names that throuprh- J out their travellings together neither R C U R Y , F R I D A Y man nor woman was found en-el enough i to shatter Wray's illusion, or to Lnvasiie { a word to destroy his dream. Tlie sb)i*y I of the blind post whoTbelieved so firmly J in the beauty of his afflicted wife touch- * ed the coldest heart, and w®n for both j a tender, pitiful regard. So they live! in peace and happiness, and every night | of his life Hubert Wray thanks Xeaven for the remembrance of his wife's face: while Margaret, kneeling beside her b vl. cries to God that, of His mercy. He will give back to her in Heaven her vanished beauty, so that Hubert, w may not Ik- disappointed. hom she loves, —'"Tit-Bits." 