THE SECOND STORT. John Lang's edition of the legend, 'The Ghost Upon tie Rail,' is a much more artistic one; but shows a good deal less regard for fact than the other, and quite as little for probability. The scene of action is shifted from Campbelltown to Penrith, and the names of the characters are cnanged. We have John Fisher for Frederick Fisn'er, Edward Smith for Worral, David Weir for Hurley, William Cox for Howe, and Johnny Crook for Gilbert. The two principals are in troduced as 'two 'wealthy farmers in the district of Penrith,' who had both served their time and made money; Fisher's property being estimated a,t £20,000. Sitting over a fire. in Dean's public house, Smith asks his friend why he doesn't go to England, and see his sorrowing relatives; and while they are discussing the matter Dean comes in, and Smith tells him in a jocular way that . Fisher is going to England— a statement which lie doesn't contradict. About six weeks afterwards Smith-looks in at Dean's, tells Mm that Fisher has. sailed, and offers to pay aey score he might owe, as he holds a power of attorney to manage the property. As to the reason of bis going, ' he hints that his friend wanted to set away from a woman who ^ras worrying him to marry her. His sudden departure occasions some surprise; but Smith's explanations, circulated through Dean, satisfy everyone, and the matter is gradually forgotten. After a year or so Smith tells his neighbors that he has received a letter . from his old friend, au thorising him to sell the property, and send him the money, as he di4 not' intend to return, and wished to buy a snare in a brewery. , The letter is handed about, and the property duly adver tised for sale. About a month before the time fixed for. It, eld . tWeir, a small farmer on the Penrith-road, while returning to his home Trom the Sydney market, which ,lie . attended every week with farm stuff, passed by Fisner's fence, and there sees his well iknowB form seated on a rail. . He cries out, ''Halloa, Mr. -Fisher! I thought you were at home in -England?' No reply being made, he, proceeds on his journey, and on reaching home tells his ?wjfe, While she is helping him off . with his old top {coat, that he has seen either* Fisher or his ghost ?'I saw him as plain as plain could be; just as we used to see Mm sitting: sometimes when the day : was warm, and he had been round looking at his fences, to see that they were all right. He was dressed in the did fustian coat with the brass but* tone, the corduroy' waistcoat and trousers, and the i £$-l gi& bandanna handkerchief Jthat ke used te tie round his neck. He beld his straw nat in his left hand, and his right arm was resting on one of the posts.' ; Weir gets so excited about it .that he lies awake all night, and in the . morning tells his wile that he. is going to see the magistrates, because he is sore -there, has been foal play. ' Next week finds him making the same return journey from Sydney. Reaching Dean's at half past 10 at nighty he starts Again at a quarter to 3=2 with two men— one a- Penrith constable— who ask him for a lift in his cart. On nearing the fence he walks the horee slowly along, and 'again sees the same figure seated on the same top-rail, clothed in the same dress and fixed in the same position. 'Look there! -Whafs that?' — 'It's a man; but he seems as if a light were shining through him! It's Fisher!' — 'Hold the reins one of you; I'll go down and speak to him. They say he 'is .'at home in England, but I don't believe it.' Jumping down from the cart, Weir addresses the spectre: 'Speak! don't you know me, sir? Are you alive or dead, Mr. Fisher?' No answer is made; Weir stretches forth his hand, placing it on what ap peared to be Fisher's shoulder, but it touched no thing, although the figure retains its position. There has been foul play, and, by heaven! it shall be brought to light. Let me mark the spot.' Taking out his clasp knife, he notches the spot on which the right hand rested. Still the spectre sits unmoved; and even after the old man has returned! to the cart and taken the reins it is still seen by the three men for fully ten minutes, while they sit gazing at it in awe and wonder. Weir wastes no time in talking to his wife on reaching home, but rides off to Mr. Cox, a magis trate, accompanied by one of the two men, who happens to a servant of that gentleman, and who confirms the old man's story. In a Jew hours Cox starts for Penrith to hear what the other man, has to say; and his statement agreeing with theirs he sends for some blacks camped in the neighbor hood. When they appear with their chief, Johnny Crook, a search party is formed, and they set out. Weir guides them to the rail with the notch on it; and Johnny, after looking at it carefully, points out some stains ' on it, and cries, 'White man's blood!' Leaping over the fence, he examines the ground and brushwood; but, finding nothing there, he starts off into the forest, tracking the footsteps of e man and something else that had been trailed' along the earth. ...No rain having fallen for fifteen months, the tracks are still visible to the savage eye; they lead to a pond or water-hole, with a bluish scum lying thick upon it, and which Johnny pronounces to be 'white man's fat.' Cox tells the blacks to walk into the pond, which has about three feet and a half of -mater in i+ tvio-d- fo^.i the muddy bottom with their feet, until they come | upon the remains, of a human body, kept together j by clothing which has become so rotten' that it ' scarcely bears a touch. The blacks raise the body j to the surface, and place it on the ground, together i with a big stone, and the remains of a large silk j handkerchief. No one can recognise the features, but the coat, buttons, and the boots are identified ! as Fisher's, and also a buck-horn handled knife, i with the initials 'J.F.' engraved on a small silver I plate, found in one of the trousers' pockets. All I the other pockets have been turned inside out. j Leaving the men in charge of the body, with or- j ders to await his return, Cox rides off to interview) ', Smith, whom he finds in Fisher's house. The conversation turns on the approaching sale- Cox i .makes inquiry, about the terms, asks to see the j power of attorney, which is produced, bearing Fisher's signature, attested by two eminent solici tors, and also the letter received from England tha signature to which is identical with that on the ! power. Returning to the pond, somewhat in i doubt, Cox tells the black to strip a sheet of bark i from a blue gum tree and place the remains on it' ! A proceesion is then formed; Cox on horseback in i the van, followed by the blacks bearing the body Weir and the two men bringing up the rear. They ! march straight to Fisher's house, where they place i the remains in the verandah. Smith ridicules the ! idea of any connection between the dead man and ! Fisher; Weir Doints out the proofs of identity, but on mentioning the ghost he is cleverly picked up by Smith: _ ? 'Ghost! Oh, you've seen a ghost, have vou? Well ^ leard **»* ghosts do visit' those 'who hive sent them out of the world, and I dare 'say Mr ZTi?** £«Sfd tbe same- Now' if M been you, Id have held my tongue about a ghost, for fear of I being taken m charge.' j At which Weir fires up and retorts, 'but their i argument is cut short by Gox charging Smith with I the murder, and telling the constable to put the bracelets on him. A coroner s inquest ends in a verdict of wilful murder against Smith, but inquiries set on foot by the curious create a general feeling of doubt as to his guilu The ship in which Fisher was repor ted to have sailed being then in the harbor, the captain and mates are interviewed, and they state that a man of that name did go home in her that he produced his certificate of freedom to the Custom house officers, containing a description of his person, with which his appearance agreed The solicitors who prepared the power of attor ney also gave a description of his appearance which answered exactly; they were paid by his cheque for twenty dollars on the Bank of New Scuta Wales, which was honored. The cashier produces the cheque, and says that Fisher drew out his balance of '£200, not in person, but by a cheque, two days before his departure. Several of his letters to the Bank were also produced, com pared with the letter shown by Smith, and found to correspond exactly. Opinions are so much divided by these investi gations that further search is made in other direc tions. Those 'who have known him long come forward, and say that Smith is incapable of com mitting such a crime. His house is searched for blood- stained clothes, but none are found. His letters and papers are carefully inspected, and the accounts relating to Fisher's property are found to be kept distinct from his own. The sensation increases from day to day, and everyone who talks about it appears ready to champion Smith's cause at any cost. All sorts of theories are started. Some pitch upon Weir as the really guilty man; the remains are not Fisher's, but he had murdered someone who wore his clothes (which, as Smith said, he had given away before he sailed), and had then tried to fix Smith with the crime ia order to divert suspicion ' from himself. Others insisted that the remains are certainly Fisher's, and that the man -who mur dered him had stolen his' certificate of freedom, and then representing Wisher as having1 left the, colony, had made Smith a dupe of his artifice. As for the ghost, few, if any, are inclined to put any'trust in tiim. The courthouse is crowded on the day of trial; everyone gazes at the man in the dock, who ap pears to be perfectly calm and innocent. He cross examines the witnesses with wonderful tact and ability, and addresses the jury with no mean amount of eloquence. The judge's charge is dis creetly silent about the ghost, and is rather *n the prisoner's favor than otherwise. The jury of military officers is so puzzled that they take over five hours to make up their minds, and then they find him guilty; but the judge puts on the black cap so reluctantly that he seems to be not altoge ther satisfied with the verdict. The prisoner is sentenced to die on the following Monday. For some time before the hour fixed for the exe- , cution, the rocks which overlook the gaol yard in Sydney, are crowded with sight-seers, who hiss the - hangman, the Under- Sheriff, . the gaoler, and the warder, whenever - they sbow themselves. At five minutes to S Smith is led out, and while lie is being pin ioned at the foot of tbe gallows, where his coffin is lying, the- mob begin to shout, denouncing the execution as a. murder, and fc»»Sng on the authori ties to hang Weir instead. At one minute past 8 it is all over with Smith, and then' the mob renews -its yells and execrations. The body is cut down after hanging an hour, and the coffin containing it conveyed, in an uncovered cart, ta Slaughterhouse Point, the last resting place appointed for all great criminals, where the grave is filled in with quick lime. In the evening the final stage of public excite ment is reached. It becomes known that the Rev. Mr. Cooper, who was sent for by Smith the night before, heard his confession. He said that he had employed a convict who resembled Fisher to per sonate him, and sent him to England with the cer tificate of freedom, and the draft of a letter to himself, which he was to copy and send but soon .after he arrived. The murder had been contem plated for two years, and the sole motive was to obtain the property; and the deed was done by a single blow from a tomahawk. He was extremely penitent, and since he had bepn convicted, he said he 'would rather suffer death than be reprieved. 