WONDERFUL WOMAN;! OR, THE DANGER FIELD MYSTERY, BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor- ine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. CHAPTER VIII.— fContinnerlJ . "And you are beaten, after all, Ms Vavasor, and by Katherine Danger- fieldl Your game of chess meant more than a game of chess. Is it emblematic? She's fearfully and wonderfully plucky, this cousin of mine. Will she come off victorious at other games than chess, I wonder? ' s>lie looked up at him for one moment, and all the passion, the rage, the hatred, : smouldering within her, burst forth, y "Til crush her!" she cried, in a fur ious whisper. "I'll crush her! And the day is very near now. This is only one more item added to the long ac count I owe her. She shall pay off all —the uttermost farthing, with com pound interest." "And stab through him," Peter Dan- gerfield said, darkly; "the surest blow you can strike is the one that proves liim the traitor and. fortune-hunter he I is. I believe in my soul it would be her death." "I shall strip her of all — all— lover, \- father, name even. I will wait until her wedding-day, and strike home then. When her cup of bliss is fullest and at her very lips, I shall dash it down. And, rny brilliant, haughty, high-spirited heiress of Scarswood, how will it be with you, then?" Sir John was in his place — a darkly, moody, host, amid the lights, the flow ers, and the wines. Mrs Vavasor was even in higher spirits than usual. Mr Dangerfield was talkative and agree able, Katherine was happy, and dis posed to be at peace with the world and all therein, even Mrs Vavasor. She loved, she ivas loved — all life's greatest happiness is said in that. For Mr Dan- tree, he was simply delightful. He told them inimitable stories of life in the Southern States, until even grim Sir John relaxed into interest, and after dinner, in the drawing-room, Dantree sang his favorite after-dinner song, "When the wine-cup is sparkling before us," in his delicious voice, that enchant ed even those who hated him most. The piano stood in a shadowy recess down at one extremity of the long room— Kathe- . vine and Mr Dantree had it all to them selves. Mrs Vavasor was busy with some flimsy feminine handiwork. Mr Dangerfield sat beside her, turning over a book of photographs, and Sir John, lying back in his easy chair, kept his eyes closed „as though asleep. His face wore a worn look of care— he was watching those two shadowy figures at the piano, and as he listened to this man's voice, so thrillingly sweet— as he looked at his face — the lamp-light streaming on his dusk Spanish beauty —he scarcely wondered at Katherine's infatuation. "Fairer than a woman, and more un stable than water," he thought, bitter ly; ""and this is the reed she has chosen to lean upon through, life! My poor little Xathie, and I am powerless to save you —unless I speak, and tell all. Heaven help you if this man ever finds out the truth." "Sing me something Scotch, Gas ton," Katherine said. She was seated in a low, easy-chair, close beside him, her hands lying idly in her lap, her head back among the cushions. It was characteristic of this young lady that she had never done a stitch of fancy work in her life. She was quite idle now, perfectly happy, listening to the howling of the October storm in the park, and Mr Dantree's exquisite singing. "Sing something Scotch— a balled. If I have a weakness, which is doubtful, it is for Scotch songs." Mr Dantree heard but to obey. He ran Lis fingers lightly over the keys, smiled slightly to himself, and glanced half- maliciously at the girl's supremely-con tented face. "How well pleased she looks," he thought. "I wonder if I cannot change that blissful expression. Many women Lave done me the honor to fall in love with me, but I don't think any of them were quite so hard hit as you — not even excepting Marie." He played a prelude in a plaintive minor key, wonderfully sweet, with a wailing understfain, quite heart-break ing, and sang. His facp changed and darkened, his Voice took a pathos none of his hearers had ever heard before: "A weary lot is thine, fair maid — A weary lot is thine! To pull the thorn thy brow to braid, ; And press the rue for wine. , A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien, j A feather of the blue, A doublet of the Lincoln green — No more of me you knew, My love, No more of me you knew. ! "This morn is merry .June, I trow, The rose is budding fain, But she shall bloom in winter snow Ere we two meet again! He turned his charger as he spoke Upon the river shore; He gave the reins a shake, and said: . Adieu for evermore, K My love r Adieu for evermore!" It died out faint and low as the last cadence of a funeral hymn. And then he glanced at Katherine. He had chang ed the expression of that sensitive face cruelly. It lay back now against the ruby red of the velvet, as colorless as the winter snow of which he sang. He arose from the piano with a laugh. "Kathie, you are as white as a ghost. I have given you the blues with my sing ing, or bored you to death. Which?" She laughed a little as she rose. "Your song was beautiful, Gaston, but twice too sad. It has given me the heartache. It is too suggestive, I sup pose, of man's perfidy and woman's bro ken trust. I -want never to- hear you sing that song again." It was late when the two gentlemen bade good night and left. Mrs Vavasor took her night-lamp and went up the black oaken staircase, her ruby silk trailing and gleaming in lurid splendor fee hind her. "Good night, Kathie, darling. How pale and tired the child looks. And you didn't like that divine Mr Dantree's last song? It was the gem of the evening, to my mind— so suggestive and all that. Bonne nuit et bonnes reves, ma belle" — Mrs Vavasor had a habit among her Other gushing habits of gushing out fnto foreign languages now and then— "aim try and get your bright looks back to-morrow. Don't let your complexion fade for any man— there isn't one on earth -worth it. Good night." "A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien, ' A feather of the blue, A doublet of the Lincoln green, 'V No more of me you knew, "Z-" My love, I " No more of me you knew!" I And with a last backward glance, and /o still singing the ominous song, brilliant h.ue Mrs Vavasor vanished. Mr Gaston Dantree rode back to his temporary home at Morecambe in very excellent spirits. What an uncommon ly good-looking, fascinating sort of fel low he must be that all the women should lose their heads for him in this fashion. Surely the gods who presided over his destiny must have been in a most propitious mood when they creat ed him their bright particular star. "I've always heard it is better to be born lucky than rich, and, gad! I be lieve. it," muttered Mr Dantree to him self as he rode. "I was born a pauper. My mother vended apples in the streets of New York; and my father — well, the less said about him the better. He be queathed me his good looks, his voice, 1 and his — loose-fitting morality. Until the age of eight I ran wild about the streets; then my pretty face, and curly head, and artistic way of singing 'Oh, Susannah!' attracted the attention of Mrs Weymore, rich, childless, senti mental, good-natured, and— a fool. I was sen- to school, tricked out in vel vet and ruffles, kissed, praised, petted, flattered, spoiled by all the ladies, young and old, who visited my foster mamma; and, by Jove, they've been at it ever since. Then at sixteen came that ugly little episode of the forged cheque. That was hushed up. Then followed the robbery of Mrs W'eymore's diamonds, traced clearly home to me. They would not overlook that. I inherited my light- fingered proclivities from my father, as well as the good looks they praised: but they wouldn't take that into con sideration. Then for four years there was the living by my wits — doing'a little of everything under Heaven. Then came New Orleans and my new, and I flatter myself, taking cognomen of Gas ton Dantree, my literary ventures, and their success in their way. And then, after three years more, came old De Lansac and Marie— poor little Marie! I thought I had found the purse of For- tunatus then, when, lo! the old fool must up and get married. And, as if that weren't enough, there must follow an heir, and adieu to all Marie's hopes and mine. Then I crossed the Atlantic to try my luck on this side the pond, and I believe I've accomplished my destiny at last, as Lord of Scarswood, at eight thousand a year. I believe I shall be a square peg, fitting neat and trim into a square (hole. Katherine's a drawback- exacting, and romantic, and all that bosh— but everything as we wish it is not for this world below. The old gen tleman will die shortly. I shall take the name of Dantree Dangerfield, sink the Gaston, and live happy for ever after." Mr Dantree was still singing that -bal lad of the faithless lover as he ran light ly up stairs to his room. He threw off. his wet overcoat, poked the fire, turned up the lamp, and saw on the table a letter. Now, a letter to the handsome tenor singer was not an agreeable sight. Let ters simply meant duns, or else He snatched it up with an oath. This was no du.n; it was something even worse. It was superscribed in a woman's hand, and was postmarked New Orleans. "From Marie, by Jupiter!" he ex claimed, blankly. "Now, how the dev— Ah, I have it. It came to my address in London, and the publishers have for warded it here. Shall I open it, or pitch it into the fire unread? Deuce take all women! Can they never let a fellow a.lone? What a paradise earth would be without them!" He did not throw the letter into the fire, however. He threw himself into an easy-chair instead, stretched forth his splashed riding-boots to the blaze and tore it open. It had the merit of being- brief, at least, and remarkably to the point: New Orleans, Sept. 16. Gaston, — Are you never going to write? —are you never coming back? Are you ill, or are you faithless? The last, surely. It would be in keeping with all the rest. Does your dead silence mean that I am deserted, and forever ? If so, only say it, and you are free as the wind that blows. I will never follow you — never ask anght of you. No man alive, though he were ten thousand times more to me than you have been, shall ever be sued for fidelity by me. Come or stay, as you choose; this is the last letter I shall ever trouble you with. Return this and all my other letters, my picture, also, if I am deserted. But, oh, Gaston ! Gaston ! have I deserved this? - MARIE. That was all. The woman's heart of the writer had broken forth in that last sentence, and she had stopped, fear ing to trust herself. Mr Dantree read it over, looking very calm and handsome in the leaping firelight. "Plucky little girl!''' was his finishing comment; "it is hard lines on her, after all that's past and gone. But there's no help for it, Marie. 'I have learned to love another, I have broken every vow, we have parted from each other, and your heart is lonely now,' and all that sort of thing'. I wonder if I ever had a heart! I doubt it. I'm like a Minerva; a heart was left out in my make-up ; I never was really in love in my life, and I don't want to be. Women are very well as stepping-stones to fortune, fame, ambition; but for love in the ab stract—bah! But poor little Marie ! if I ever did approach the spooney, it was for her; if I have it in me to care for any thing or anybody but myself it is for her." And then Mr Dantree produced a little black pipe, loaded it to the muzzle, struck a fusee, and fell back again to enjoy himself. He looked the picture of a luxurious Sybarite, lounging negli gently among the cushions before the genial fire. "And I know she'll keep her word," he muttered, reflectively. "No action at law, no avenger on the track in this case, Gaston, my boy; all ' nice and smooth, and going on velvet. That's a good idea about sending back the letters and photograph. I'll act upon it at once. A married man's a fool who keeps such souvenirs of his bachelorhood loose about. And Kathie isn't the sort of girl,- either, to stand that spdcles of nonsense; she's proud as the deuce, as becomes the daughter of an old soldier, and as jea lous as the devil." Mr Dantree arose, and, crossing to where his writing- case lay, unlocked it, and produced a package, neatly tied up with blue ribbon. They were letters — only a woman's letters — in the same hand as that of to-night, and in their midst of a photograph. - He took this lat ter up and looked at it. It was the face of a girl in her first youth, a darkly, piquant face, with two large eyes look ing at you from waving masses of dark hair — a handsome, impassioned face, proud and spirited. And Gaston Dan tree's hard, coldly, bright brown eyes grew almost tender as he gazed. "Poor child!" he said— "poor little girl! How pretty she used to look in her misty white dresses, her laces, the creamy roses she used to we ST, her dusk cheeks flushed, and her big blue eyes like stars! Poor little thing ! and she would have laid a princely fortune at my feet, with her heart and hand, if that old fellow, her grandfather hadn't done her out of it- And I would have been a very good husband, as husbands go, to little Marie, which is more than I'll ever be to this other one. Ah, well! Sic transit, and all the rest of it. Here goes!" He replaced the photograph, added the last letter to the others, tied then up neatly in a sheet of wiite paper, sealed the packet with red wax, and wrote the j address in a firm, clear hand. 1 Mdlle. Marie de Lansac, | ; Rue de , \ New Orleans, Louisiana. "I'll post this to-morrow," Mr Dan tree said, putting-it in the pocket of his overcoat; "and now I'll seek my balmy couch and woo the god of slumber. I daresay it will be as successful as the rest of my wooing." Mr Dantree undressed himself lei surely, as he did all things, and went to bed. But sleep did not come all at once; he lay awake, watching the leap ing firelight flickering on the wall, and thinking. ' What if, after all, now, something were to happen, as I were to be dish ed again, as I was in the New Orleans' affair?" he thought. "By George, it was enough to make a, man cut his own throat, or — old De Lansac's. A million dollars to a dead certainty — Marie sole heiress, Marie dying for me. And then he must go and get married — confound him ! I can't think Sir John Danger- field is dotard enough for mat; but still, delays are dangerous. I ' 1 1\ strike while the iron is hot. I'll make Kathie j name the day to- morrow, by Jovi Once my wife, and I'm safe. Nothii can happen then, unless — heavens and earth — unbss Marie should appear upon the scene, as they do on' the stage, and denounce me." . And then- Dantree paused aghast, and stared blankly at the fire. "It's not in the least likely, though." he continued. "Marie is not that sort of woman. I believe, by George, if she met me a week after she gets the let ters back, she would look me straight between the eyes, and cut me dead. No, Marie never will speak: she could go to the scaffold, with her head up, and her big eyes flashing defiance; and it's a very lucky thing for me she's that sort. Still, it will be a confoundedly ugly thing if she ever hears of me again, either as Dantree Dangerfield or the heiress of Scarswood's fiancee. She might speak to save Katherine. But, no;" arid then Mr Dantiee turned over, with a yawn, at last, on his pillow. "Who ever beard of one woman, saving another? Men do, but women — never ! I'll have the. wedding- day fixed to-mor row, and it shall be speedily." CHAPTER IX.— THE THIRD WARN ING. Tiie rain passed with the night, and a slight frost set in- with the new day. Mr Dantree was due at a hunting party at Langton Brake, to be followed by a ball at Langton Royals. He would meet Miss Dangerfield on his way to cover, and she should fix their wedding- day. "A southerly wind and a cloudy sky proclaim it a hunting morning," Mr Dantree hummed. "Before I am three hours older I shall put my fate to the touch, 'to win or lose it all.' I wonder if a baronet's daughter could get up her trousseau in three months? She won't object to naming an early day, I know. She's in love with me beyond all re demption; and I'm in love with her — eight thousand a year." Mr Dantree breakfasted, mounted "a red roan steed," and, looking unspeak ably well in his very becoming hunt ing-costume, set off for the meet at Langton Brake. The baronet's daughter was there be fore him, surrounded by half a dozen red- coats, sitting- a powerful-looking black horse as though it had been an easy chair, and looking-, as she always did on horseback, her best. But while she talked and laughed with the atten dant cavaliers, her gaze kept ever im patiently turning in one direction, and as Gaston Dantree galloped up, a light flash of glad welcome lighted the clear eyes. "Late, Gaston— late again. I wonder if you ever were or will be in time for anything in your life. Any man who would prove himself a laggard on such a glorious morning deserves What does he deserve, Captain Devere?" "The loss of Miss Dangerfield's fav ors — the heaviest loss I know of. A lag gard in the hunting field Mr Dantree may be, but he certainly "has proven himself anything but a " laggard in love." And bowing after 'this small stab, and with a sarcastic curl of his tawny- moustached mouth, the captain of the Dragoons rode away. He held the handsome, silver-voiced, oily-tongued Southerner in contempt and aversion — most men did— without exactly knowing why. There are men whom men like, and men whom women like, and Mr Dantree, happily for himself, was one of the latter. A loud cry of "There they come!" pro claimed the arrival of the hounds. The huntsman as he passed cast surly glances towards Miss Dangerfield and one or two other mounted ladies, with prophetic visions of t.heir heading" the fox and being in the way. The hounds were put into the gorse, and the pink- coats began to move out of the field into the lane, Miss Dangerfield and her dark-faced lover with them. A loud "Hallo" rang shrilly out — 'the hounds came with a rushing roar over the fence. "There he goes!" dried a score of voices, as the fox flew over the ground; and- with a ringing shout Katherine Dangerfield flew along on black Ilderim, steady as a rock and upright as a dart. Her brilliant eyes were flashing now with a hunter's fire; even Gaston Dan tree was forgotten. The roan flew along helter-skelter beside Ilderim for a few- minutes, then fell hopelessly behind. Mr Dantree counted neither courage nor horsemanship among his many virtues. On and on, like the wind, Ilderim flew the fences; with a tremendous rush he leaps chasms and hedges, his dauntless rider taking everything before her. The master of the hounds himself looked at her in a glow of admiration; the black Arab flew over everything, .scorning to turn to the right or left, and after a brilliant burst of over an hour, the heiress of Scarswood had the triumph and delight of being one of the fortunate few in at the finish; in time to see the dead fox held over the hunts man's head, with the hounds hanging expectant around. She laughed — eyes and teeth flashing dazzlingly — as she re ceived the brush from the huntsman, and the innumerable compliments from the gentlemen who crowded around the heroine of the hour. "Yes," she said, "I can ride— about the only thing I can do. No, Mr Dan tree, I do not want a compliment from you, and I can't pay one, either. Your roan balked shamefully, and you are the last man in. But to be late, as I said before, on all occasions, is your normal state." "Being first in your 'regards, I can bear the rest with philosophy, Miss Dangerfield. Fall back from those people, and rein in that black whirl wind of yours, and ride back to Lang ton Royals with me." She looked a't him quickly; some tone in his voice, some look in his eyes start led her. "Gaston, something has happened!" "Yes; nothing to be alarmed about, howc-ver. Only 'this— I must go back to New Orleans." "Gaston!"' It was a sort of dismayed cry. If he had ever doubted his power over her, he would have beerf reassured now. The glad light died out of her face as she turned towards him. "Go back to New Orleans! "Why should you go back? I thought " "You thought I was never to go back any more. You thought this sort of pleasant existence — driving, hunting, singing, and being happy, taking no thought, like lilies of the field, etc., was to go on for ever. My dear little simple Kathie, you seem to forget that you are born to the purple; I am not. You for get that men must work and women must weep. You forget that you are engaged to a poor fellow, who earns his bread by the sweat of his brow or his brains. You forget, in short, that I am not the heiress of Searswo-od, with eight thousand per annum, or Captain De vere, next heir to a peerage, but Gaston Dantree, Bohemian, literary hack — only ro'o thankful if his stories for the New Orleans journals pay for the coat he wears and the bed he sleeps on. You forget that, my dear, impetuous little girl; but, by Jove, I don't!" "And what's all that to do with it? Why can't things go on as they are? Why can't you stop at Morecambe until " \ L i 11 i i I tl> n i r i — f t i 1 h e ! 1 | that re-ms such a very indefinite period. Mr T a i hot was kind oaougn. to invitf me » t t u ? r i 1 pay his hospitality by singing songs. | Aua-ust nas passed. November is nere, and— so am I still. And. unfortunately, simrmsr .is such an unsubstantial mode i t even the finest tenor voice is apt to pall upon a Sussex squire, after uvvee -months' incessant listening to it. r nad a letter last night from New Or- l — o a pleasant letter — and it t e or two things now, either to co back to Louisiana and resume mv wntiiis, or ." Sir Dantree paused and looked at her — "or," he repeated, with that smile of his, the baronet's ro mantic daughter thought the mo: beautiful on earth — "or Kathie " "Yes, Gaston?" "Or you must marry rue' at once. D on hear, Kathie? — take me for bette or worse, and support me afterward: That's what it cofhes to in plain Eng lish. One may be in love ever so deep ly, but one must have three meals pet- diem and pay the tailor and bootmaker. I have just money enough to last m precisely two months and a half — I've been reckoning k up. After that po verty stares me in the face. I'll defy the minions of the newspaper, Kathie, if you say so, and I'll go to the Casile- ford Arras and wait until the happy day comes that makes you all my own. If not -- why, then " Mr' Dantree p'aused and produced his cigar case. "You'll permit me, I , know, Kathie? You're awfully sensible on the subject of cigars, and I've been thinking so deeply ever since I got that confounded letter, that my brain — such as it is — is dazed. I need a smoke ,to support me under all this." Then there was silence, while they rode on slowly in the rear of the hunt ing party, Mr Dantree philosophi cally, puffing his cigar, and Katherine, her cheeks flushed with unwonted color, and lips sealed with still more unwonted silence. "Well," he said, as the turrets and peaked gables of Langton P.oyals bore in sight, "I don't want to be importunate, my dear, but suspense isn't a pleasant thing. When a man is under sentence, the sooner he hears his doom and knows the worst, the better. Am I 'to go 'to New Orleans and risk all that may come to part us for ever, or am I to — " "Stay, Gaston!" Mr Dantree drew a long breath of great relief. For one moment he had doubted— for one agonising moment the eight thousand a year seemed trembling in the balance. "My loyal little girl! I shall thank you for this when two-score people are not looking on. I am to stay and send the New Orleans editors au diable, and the wedding day will be— when, Kathie? My princely fortune will keep me about two months, and allow me a' new suit of clothes, I suppose, to be made happy in. When, Ka'thie — when— when — when?" "Gaston, I don't know. It is too hor ribly sudden. Good heavens, only two months! One can't prepare-" "Oh, yes, one can. Import the trous seau from London or Paris. In a week they'll send you on the thousand and one things brides seem to require. Be rational, Kathie; 'that objection is over ruled. Name the next." "It is easily named. Papa will -never consent." (To be continued.) 