THE SECRET OK THE EXEMPTIONS. IRE mere one set's of political subierkges and chicanery tho more the whole •stem stinks iu the nostrils ol' honest Leii. Must, politicians are alike, hut heir dishonesty ami want of principle icoiau must, pronounced when they get kto power. Oncc the eoJfers of (he jtate are opened to theui they <• Ii11 to ffiee like barnacles. and no interest iu ie country is too important for them to jierilice to attain their own sollish ends. might have been thought that a koTcrnment like the present, which earled on last year according to its own I'OUiptings, without so uiueli as a ghost, an Opposition to say them nay, h>uld have been above the shameless lachinations which so often characterise discredited governments in seeking postpone their fall. However, the [olitician. like the chameleon, cannot |biiuge his spots. This i* the position : The Gorcrnjfnt in the present House lias an overtiming majority, hut so many new coii- Aiences have been created in the taldtields areas that at the coming rencral election their sway is at least pkely to be cheeked, even though skilful provision has been made to neutralise he goldlields' vote by granting re preleutation to districts not. half so populous [r important. The Government now Suds itself iu antagonism to the gold fields, and it becomes necessary therefore |o scotch their political power by fair tieans or foul, livery possible eil'ort has been made to make the enrolment of [lector s in the goldlields dilfieult, and liow that the lists show thai, in spite of 111 obstacles, the rolls of the goldlields' lonstituencies are bristling with the Unies of miners and workers, another fubtle movement is being made to iestroy their electoral power and prevent [hem making their influence felt through the ballot box. The design is very crafty, and liriginatcd in the direction which Mr. IVittenooiu, the Minister of Mines, gave lo all the wardens that wherever possible they were to grant exemptions. Mr. NVittenoom tried to wriggle out of the responsibility for anv such mandate, but [ie never attempted to justify himself by laking public the text of his eoiulunication to the wardens. If it were hot for some strong expression of opinion from the Minister is if likely t hat. Warden |)vven would have granted the three uontlis* exemption, which is reported n another column, because the secretary su fieri ng of the company wa and the from mental derangement, such a ook* were iu disorder, sufficient juerile reason as that i warrant to recommend three mouths' Exemption there can be no doubt as to the fulness of of the Minister of Mines" Instructions t» the Wardens. At first bight the object of these wholesale exemptions is not apparent, but when t is remembered that exemptions throw the miners out of work, and cause them Lo travel about the country in search of something to do. the end in view ecomes discernible. It is the disruption of the labor vote on the goldlields : o keep the workers continually on the lore, in search of employment, so that Uiev may be enticed from (lie districts which they are registered to vote- , might be contended that no body <>l rilised men would lie guilty of Mich endish inhumanity, a- to put poverty, lft'ering. and even starvation upon the 1 , forking classes to achieve a political etn IJ>. but it is difficult to ivent any other explanation of the iovernuient action. Throughout the joldfields there has been a perfect storm f indignation against the granting of xemption*. Every soul in the mining reas has been at one on the point, and et the Minister calmly directs ! the j hardens to keep it up. If it "ere only | gass vvrong-headedness. the result is so i ; isastrous industrially :> s iis alitically, that the (iovernnient which sports it .stands self-condemned. m has it that there is a tide in the Hood, leads on to (Joel knows where- I lit" same may be said of [x>111icialis. and when the present Government. attains llii' critical stage at the general elections, the electors should sen that. they reach the I ion n ic which Ryron so aptly described. 