PERSONALITIES. Trenwith, M.P., of Victoria, was 50 years old last week. A Broken Hill carpenter got three months for kissing the wrong girl. Sir Wilfrid Lawson says £400,000 is spent in intoxicants every day. A partnership in a Dunedin brewery was sold the other day for £30,000. " Grant the Queen Long Life" is the title of a recent anthem. Superfluous. The second coming of Christ is pre dicted by a Hew Zealand man for Ma*ch, 1898. Larry Wells is not yet 38 years old. He did important survey work when he was only 22. The Millicent Times, one of the best of the provincial papers, has been con siderably enlarged. Hearne, the Middlesex bowler, who will ba a member of Stoddart's All England Eleven, has never visited Australia. If a man had invested a pound on every horse running at Tattersalls' race meeting he would have come out £83 to the good. At a recent banquet in Gawler the chairman asked, "Are you all charged, gentlemen ?' This was quite an un necessary question. " We have punctured the devil's tyre" is the way American Salva tionists now announce a victory. There is nothing like b9ing up to date. A gentleman who is considerably interested in the wine trade backed Maid of the Mist on Saturday and raked in one hundred guineas for his pains. Frank Goyder, son of our ex-Sur veyor-General, is now a mining agent in the West, and he has acquired a considerable interest in the Collie Coal fields. One or two local mummers who have been for some time out of collar were to be seen in the production of " Henry the Fifth" at the Theatre Royal. Fergusson, M.P., of Hew South Wales, says " There is a strong party in this country who are trying to put God into the constitution and men out of it." The Victoria Cross is of bronze and contains representations of a crowned lion and a crown over the words, "For Valor." All classes of explorers were repre sented at the Wells and Jones funeral on Sunday, from the old, grey, and grizzled Pat Auld to the new, dark, and glossy David Lindsay. Caldwell's idea fco get rid of all J.'sP. appointed since 1890 and make them submit to the ballot will not do. The whole lot of the Great Unpaid must be made to face the electors. Butler died confessing his guilt and assured by the church of a glorious re surrection and a seat in the heavenly choir. It is comforting sometimes to think that we are not all forced to go to heaven. Lieutenant-Colonel Solomon has been appointed President of the Public Service Federal Council. "Ben," as he is styled, is ab'e and ener getic, and has also a very keen eye for grievances. Dear Quiz—I wish to pay a tribute to stage realism. Some of the cos tumes we see in the production of " Henry the Fifth " were worn at the battle of Agincourt. I was there! Yours, Pistol s Ghost. Ranjitsinjhi will b9 the lion of the next cricketing season in Australia, and the ladies are already contemplat ing wearing his colors. Liver-eolored dresses will therefore be all the fashion during the summer months. Alderpaan Malcolm Reid and ex Alderman Kither have been seeing London in company. They ought to have been joined by A. J. Wight, and then the Londoners might have been surprised at the " swiftness " of Antip odeans. Alderman Tomkinson rarely visits the Theatre, but the production of "Henry the Fifth" appealed to his patriotic instincts, and he was to be seen quite vigorously applauding in the front row of the dress circle on Satur day evening. The Rev. A. E. Green, of Laura, has been criticising the feet of a local lady amateur in a recent operatic pro duction. Even the parsons have the instinctive admiration of " leg " shows, which are fast demoralising the entire I community. While Sir John Forrest was speak ing at a London gathering our Premier went to sleep. If it had been anyone J else the champagne might have been blamed, but even a Diamond Jubilee could not induce Charlie to get som nolently intoxicated. One lady was very indignant at the seat allotted to her in the Exhibition Building on the occasion of the Wells and Jones memorial service. Judging by the manner in which she spoke she evidently imagined that she was in a place of amusement. Commissioner Madley is not so fond of displaying his uniform as was the late Commissioner Peters wald. Last Sunday he had an opportunity at the Wells and Jones funeral of making I b I himself conspicuous, but he was dressed as an ordinary civilian. Town Clerk Worsnop has been in structed to report on the housing of the working and poorer classes in the city. This is far better employment than drafting absurd bicycle by-laws, and the municipal Pooh Bah may yet prove an instrument of good to the citizens. The Prince of Wales is having his jubilee on the racing field. His horse Persimmon has now annexed the Eclipse Stakes of £10,000, and the great heart of the sporting mob is pulsating with loyalty. Meantime the Nonconformist conscience is sick unto death. A Melbourne money-lender in court the other day expressed the opinion that 5 pei cent, per month was very moderate interest. Only sixty per per cent, per annum. This is a little matter to which the Labor members might devote a portion of their intel lects. A witness in the Circuit Court at Gladstone said he remembered May 26, because he had a bill coming duo that day. It is refreshing to find that Gladstone retains something of its old time Arcadian innocence. Bills are the last items most men remember nowadays. A big city firm required a trolly driver who would start work at 7 a.m. and not be afraid to " graft" on Saturday afternoon and evening. For this he was to receive the princely remuneration of fifteen shillings a week. The Chinese invasion will soon begin. The Pine Creek Railway in one week has earned £193. This is much less than thirty shillings per mile for the week. Anyone of a statistical turn of mind can work out the interest that is paid on the million of money bor rowed for the railway, after working expenses are paid. Kingston has been dining with Irish members of the House of Commons, while the other Premiers have been consorting with dukes and lords. The chances are that Charlie thinks more of John Dillon and Justin McCarthy than he does of the Duke of McCaciac or Lord Sang azure Nez. Thomas Meddal, who disputes with Robert Caldwell, M.P., the title of " Bard of Onkaparinga," recently sent a Jubilee ode to the Queen, and he has now received a letter of acknowledg ment from Lord Salisbury's private Secretary. This will make Caldwell gnash his teeth with rage. Said the brewer, with a most por tentous frown, " I must fetch the price of empty bottles down." Said the publican, " You'll slip 'twixt lip and cup ; From the cellar I'll not fetch your bottles up." The winning of the Kolapore Cup by the Victorian team of riflemen has set South Australian shootists wonder ing whether they could not take a fall out of Englishmen with the merry little Winchester or Martini-Henry. Perhaps Editor Bonython, following David Syme's example, will equip a team and send them 'ome. Dan Barry has been telling the unsophisticated folks of Gawler that many of the clergy, including Bishop Moorhouse, have witnessed the play u A. Gilded Sin," and have spoken most approvingly of it in public. Dan for got to add that the late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon might' have written the drama, but didn't. Lord Hindlip, whose death was reported last week, -owed his position in the peerage to the fact that his family brewed a beer that sold well. He was not a bad sort of fellow, and when he visited Adelaide did not put on so many frills as a travelling K.C.M.G. As a legislator he was not a conspicuous success. Gninthgil " is the name of a rapid and most efficacious weed destroyer, which is the product of a company at Balbannah and has the endorsement of the Market Gardeners' Association. The amateur horticulturist who has in the past nearly broken his back in the endeavor to hoe up refractory vege table substances should welcome " Gninthgil" as a boon and a blessing. " Speak English " cried an indignant god as Miss Emelie Hughes and Miss Roland Watts-Phillips were chattering in French in " Henry V." That man reckoned he was not getting his shillings worth, but a Frenchman in the theatre was delighted to hear his language spoken without too much of the " bong " element and said " Dam good" in his choicest English several times. Alderman Ware would make a very excellent Mayor of the city, and with a little persuasion could be induced to become a candidate. He is young, has a considerable measure of ability, and is popular. His politics need not trouble the ratepayers, for politics and municipal law are, as a rule, two very distinct things, and there will be no Hospital question to worry us at the next Mayoral election. Some of our doctors must b3 hard up for operations. Only recently a patient from the country was pro mised that an operation in a private hospital should cost nothing, and on a certain day a medical man drove up in his brougham to convey the ailing one to the institution in question. Bub the bird had flown to the Adelaide Hospital, and its ailing wing had there been attended to by one of the despised importations. 