THE SERMON. THE WITNESSING CHURCH. By the Rev. JOHN WATaFORD, of KEW. • Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ohost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part- of the earth."—Acta i. 8. These are some of the fait words of the Lord Jesus Christ before He left our world—His last pronii.-e and last directions to His church. The great atoning sacrifice had been offered ; wounded for our sins and bruised for cur iniquities. He had been "de livered for our offences and raised attain for our justifi cation," and tarry ing with the disciples for forty days, He opened their understanding, spake to them of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God, and commanded them Dot to depart from Jerusalem, but to wait for the promise of the Father. Now as sembled together with Him, the disciples, still think ing of the temporal kingdom, ask, " Wilt Thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel f" " And He said unto them," to., verses 7 and & " Ye 6hal! be witnesses unto me "—w itnesses of His life, His word, His works, His death, His resurrection, His ascen sion, and til the blessings He bestows—here was their great work. " In Jerusalem and in all Judrea, to."— | here was the sphere of their sympathy and activity. Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you "—here is the power they needed and should have for this great service. In the Acts of the Apostles and in the Epistles we ara told how the pro mise* were fulfilled and the command obeyed. We learn WHERE THEY WITNESSED. They began at Jerusalem. In obedienoe to the Lord's command they waited (or the endueinent of power; waited ten days, waited in prayer and suppli cation. " And when the day of Pentecost was fully come,they were all with one scoord in one place," Ac.. Acta 11. 14. They witnessed first in Jerusalem, where our Lord had been crucified. But they did not confine tbeir labours to Jerusalem. In Acts vlit. 1-4 we read that the disciples were " scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judtaa and Samaria," and " wrr.t everywhere preaching the word." Here, then, were " all Judica and Samaria." Again, in Acts vlii. 6 we read Chat " Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them." In Acta viii. SO, Ac., we have the account of the baptism and oonversion ol the Ethiopian eunuch. In chapter x. we read how the Holy Ghoit fell on the Roman oenturion and his friends while Peter S reached to them. In Acts xt 19, A;., wc are told tat some of those who were soattered abroad oante to Antioch and " spake unto the Grecians, preaching the Lord Jesus." The word rendered Grecians, although generally used of the Jews speaking the Greek language to distinguish them from those who spoke Hebrew, must hers mean Gentiles. Then on the witnesses went from Antioch even to Borne itmlf, and to almost every provinoe of Home, before the last of the apostles was taken to his rest, so that they witnessed to the uttermost part of the earth as known to them. We learn HOW THEY WITNESSED. I. My a holv life, by their lore to one another. They all " were of one heart and soul." It was a time of persecution ; they were thrown together, in Jerusalem, many of them far away from their homes; but none of them laoked, for those who had posses sions sold them, and "distribution wss made to every man acoorolng as he had need." By their love to the unsaved. They went every where seeking to rhscue the perishing. By their self-denial, self sacrifice, and thorough unselfishness. Who should be the greatest was now altogether forgotten, and Christ was til in til. By their meekness and patience, in trial and suffering, and by their complete devotion tb Ctarlet and H» cause. " They took knowledge of tbem that they bad been with Jcaus." «. By "tire word of their testimony." In Jeru salem, on til* day ot Pentecost, when, filled with the Holy Gboat, they began to speak; and Petor'e address Is a specimen ot the testimony they bore for Christ, In the address to the people after the healing of the lame men at the Beautiful Gate of the Temple i we have another specimen, and in their reply to the \ magistrates when warned and threatened, we have another. In Samaria Philip "preached Christ unto thein." At Antioch they spake to the Grecians, ' preaching the lord Jesus.", At Athens Paul preached 1 Jesus and the resurrection." They witnessed to Christ'siife, words, works, death, resurrection, and ascension. And to the glorious Messing for men through Jesus Ohrist alone. Pardon—Acts, xiii. 38, 39, x. ! *3. Purity—Acts, xv. 9; Ephesians, v. 25, 26; I. j John, vil. 9. Baptism of the Holy Spirit—Acts, ii. 38, 39, xix. 1-0. We learn further THE POWElt WITH WHICH THE? WITNESSED and Hie glorious results. In Jeru alem on the day oi Pentecost " there were added unto them ahout 8000 souls." Boon the number of the men was about 6,000, and then »hey left off to count, for " believers were the more added unto the Lord ; multitudes, both of men and women, and a great company of the priests were obedient unto the faith." In Samaria the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, and were baptised, both men and women," and " there was great joy in that city." In Antioch " the hand of the Ix>rd was with them, and a great number believed and turned unto the Lord." At Thessalonlcait was said, " These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also." " So mightily grew the word of God and pre-' veiled." Now bow are .we to account for all this? Here is a wonderful power that changes bitter foes, into loving friends, that raises degraded sinners into i holy saints, that acts on whole communities, bears down ail opposition, and triumphs everywhere. What is this power? It is not in the men themselves. | They are fishermen and tax-gatherers, without learning, without influence, without power. Their enemies regard them as unlearned and ignorant { men. It is not simply in their message. It is often_ said, " Truth is mighty, and must prevail;" but history and Scripture are opposed to that. With holy beings truth would be mighty, and would prevail; but man is fallen and unholy, Error too frequently prevails.. It is true that the truth will in the end prevail; but not because of any power in itself, but because the | Spirit will be poured out All Scripture declares that j the gospel is " not in word only, but in demonstra tion of the Spirit and in power." Addressing the Jewish Council, who had asked, j ■' By what power or by what name have ye done this " —healed the lame man—Peter said "Ye rulers of the | people and elders of Israel.be itknownuntoyou all... that by the name of Jesus Christ... even by Himdoth this man stand here before you whole." Paul, writing to the Thessalonians, 6ays;—" Our Gospel came not unto vou in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance." This power was no natural ability, nothing they themselves had acquired, or that had been conferred upon them by man ; it was a Divine gift. The Holy Ghost had come upon them and they had power. But these are CHRIST'S WORD TO THE CHURCH IN ALL AGES. As in the parallel passage in Matt, xxviii. 19, the promise at the end snows that the command is for the church in all time, so the words " to the utter most part of the earth " show that the command and promise In the text are for the church to the end of the world. These are, then, Christ's words to us, and here we have OCR GREAT WORK. Our witness unto me; be my witnesses. " By a holy life we are to follow Him.be like Him. glorify Him. Alt is vain without this. He is a false witness, whatever his profession, whatever his position, whatever hi* ability, who lives an unholy life. " If we say we have fellowship with Him and walk in < arkness we He and do not the truth "(1 John, i. 6). He has been dis honoured and His cause injured by such witnesses. By the word of_ our testimony. A witness tells not opinions and views, what he thinks or beUeves, but what he knows. The first witnesses knew of many things; they were eye and ear witnesses. "What we have seen and heard declare we unto you." The life, the words, the works, the death, the resurrection and ascension of our blessed Ix>rd. Other things they knew bv experience —what Christ does for His people, and the blessings Ha bestows. Pardon, for they were forgiven; cleansing, for He had purified their hearts; the bap tism of the Spirit, for they were filled with the Holv Ghost. Paul, as a witness, knew—not as the other apostles. Whether he iiad seen Christ before His crucifixion /we know not, nor whether he had seen Hit cruci fixion. He had not sseu the Lird during the forty days a tier His resurrection; he had not seen the ascension; but he had seen the Lord. Jesus had uppearel to him on the way to Damascus, and all was clear about His death and resurrection, of which Paul became a witness. Christ was a Jiving, almighty Saviour. By experience Paul knew about pardon, purity, and power. Every Christian is a witness. Not an eye or ear witness, as the apostles. Not as having seen the Lord, asPauL But if converted and saved, he has received the Spirit. " Ye are not in the flesh if so be (he Spirit of God dwell in you. And if any man have not the Spirit of Christ lie is none of His." Now the Spirit reveals Christ, glorifies Christ, takes of the things of Christ and reveals them unto the believer. And so, not from hooks only, or from huu.an teachers, but by the Spirit of the Lord with the Word, he knows of Christ's death, for lie is crucified with Him. He has redemption in His blood. Of Christ's resurtection—for he is raised with Him. He knows the power of His resurrection—reckons him self " dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God in Jesus Christ our Lord." And, like the first witness, he knows experimentally how Christ pardons, cleanses, haptises with the Holy Giiost. These things we must know, or we are not true witnesses for Christ. How can we be ? The gospel we have to proolaiui is the gospel of pardon, purity, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Suppose in bear ing witness someone should ask us whether we have received these blessings when he have not, we shall be confounded, and be found false witnesses before God. "IVhat we have felt and seen with confidence we tell." We may know these things from reading. We uiay eloquently discourse about them, and our effort may be highly applauded as intellectual and brilliant; but if we know not these things experimentally, we are only as a sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal; we are nothing. It is this witnessing for Christ that tells. Nothing is more powerful in Paul's address and letters than his personal testimony. In the revival of the last century, one of its most prominent features was the way in which men witnessed for Christ in the face of bitter opposition and persecution. We may not approve of all the methods of the Salvation Army ; but all must admit that the word of their testimony has had a very great deal to do with their success. Many years ago I heard the martyr of Erronianga, the Rev. John Williams, give a missionary address, in which he told us that his first text on every new mission Held was " God «o loved the world," Ac. When Peter preached on the day of Pentecost and spake of | Jesu's death, resurrection, ana exaltation, his hearers were pricked to the heart. Among our early converts in Fiji was a great chief named Elijah Yeraui, who had killed the captain and crew of a French veseeL Some of his people had embraced Christianity, but he declared he never would. He, however, expressed a wish to learn to read, and he oould soon read as well as anyone. We bad then only a small portion of the New Testament printed in Fijian—the Gospel of St. Matthew. One day the ohief was lying on his mat reading the xxvii. chapter of St Matthew's Gospel, snd a native teacher was near him. The teaoher heard a loud sob, and look ing toward the chief he saw that Veraui was gfeatlv moved, and the tears were rolling down his black oheekt. "What is the matter, sir?" asked the teaoher. " 0," was the reply, " it is this Jesus 1 Why did He suffer all this?' "Foryou. sir,"said • 0 • » • - .infra him -TofillS the teacher, and he preached unto h[m Jesus. "Then," safd the chlei, "I am His. I give myself fully to Him." And he did, and if ever I knew a fully true, devotd Christian be was one. We must be witnesses for Christ. Whether wej preach or teach, or whatever we do, there must be intelligent, plain, earnest, persistent witnessing for the ixiru Jesus. In our homes, in our business, in the world, as well as in our churohes. Though op posed or death,, .c um,, wo -»■>. t to sustain the qpnaecrated cross. There is a story told of a Roman emperor, who directed a Grecian archi tect to built a grand ooiosseum, promising that if it PlfMed. bliU Be would hold a nigh festival in his honour, and crown him in the presence of the people. The ooiosseum was built, and pleased the emperor. The festival a as held and, in the presence of thousands, the king crowned the architect Then the emperor cried, " Bring out the Christians," and they were brought into the arena; "let loose the lions," he said, and eoon the hungry Hons had devoured-the Christian martyrs. When tiie thunder ing applause had subsided the architect rose, and in a low but firm voice, said, "I too am a Christian." " To the Hons!" was the cry. and soon the noble archi tect was torn limb from limb. That is a itnessing in deed. We are all to witness. One of the greatest mistakes ever made Is that this Is the work of an official few and all others must keep silence. Thank God we are breaking Irpm fhat, It way 9090 thought and persecuted, though it bring loss, suffering, alb,, we must ba bold to take up, and firm mtrageous for the young to give their testimony, but ihey ate doing it now. Women had to keep silent— though the promise was," 1 will pour My spirit upon pour sons and your daughters and they shall pro phesy." We rejoice greatly that our sisters are now imong the most successful of witnesses for Jesus. Laymen, it was once thought, had no part or lot in his matter. John Wesley hurried home to stop rhomas Maxwell, who had dared to talk to the people when there was no one olse to do It; but he was soon convinced that Thomas Maxwell was called to witness for Christ as much as he was. Mere we have THE SPHERE OF OUB ACTIVITY, Rome, and home first—" begin at Jerusalem." But not homo only, but to the uttermost part of the -arth. He who runs to the ends of the earth to work there, and leaves home uncared for, actB contrary to, ^hrist's direction, and so does tile church or the in-1 dividual who cares only for home, with no thought for " the uttermost part of the earth." The church or individual that works not well at home Is not fitted for work abroad. The best missionaries are those who have done good service at home. The churches doing most and best for mis- sions to-day are those which do most and best for home. What a work is to he done at home! Sin is abounding, God is dishonoured, souls are perishing. Think of the state of things among us. Christian in name, are not many of us almost heathen in reality ? What utter forgetfulness of God' on the part of the majority ; what intemperance and uncleanness ; what fearful disclosures of business im- morality ; what fraud and deceit ! How earnestly we should pray, and how untiring our effors should be to turn men from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, Where are the witnesses? What are we doing? But what a work to he done abroad! Jesus has redeemed the world—the world, the whole world, He loved and would save. In Psalms1 ii. 8, we read that the Father sa.vs to His well beloved Son, " Ask of Me, and 1 will give Thee the heathen for Thine inheritance and the uttermost parts of the earth for Thy possession," Jesus commanded His servants to go and disciple all nations; and lie is waiting to see of the travail of His soul, and looking tq His church to witness for Him and of Him to "the uttermost part of the earth." The command was given 1,900 years ago, and _ it is not fulfilled yet. Someone says that a British soldier was once asked how.long it would take the British army and navy to carry the Queen's pro clamation to the ends of the earth, and the reply was, about 18 months. Nineteen hundred years ago Jesus Christ give this command, and yet there are 800,000,000 of our race to-day who never heard the gospel 60und, who never saw the gospel light, who are in the darknos, and misery, and death of heathenism. Eight hundred millions, all redeemed, and they don't know it, for no one has gone to tell them! They are crying to us for pity and help; their tins and misery are crying. And they will soon be gone beyond our reach. How often on mission stations has the question been asked, " Why did you not come 6ooner? If you had, my father and mother would have heard of Jesus; but it is too late now." Where we have gone we have had success. But so few hare gone—tens where hundreds were needed ; hundreds where thousands are required. We have been playing at missions, and Christ waiting, and the world perishing! O that a missionary spirit may come upon the church that shall move us as never before, and lead us to more earnest and self denying efforts to win the world for Christ. Learn THE POWER WE NEED, and may have, for this work. " Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." This was the power they had at first, and have always had when the church has been successful in witness ing for Christ. We need it as much as they did. _ We can no more do without it than they. Ti\ere is no substitute for this power. There may be the highest culture, the most brilliant oratory, the most powerful argument, the clearest exposition, the most fervid ; declamation, the wisest plans, and the most thorough organisation; but without this power of the Holy Ghost all wUl be in vain. When the church has lost this power, everything el?e has been brought in to secure success, hut all has failed. The church tun often tried to do without it—is often trying to dc .without it now. We improve our machinery, and we are ail right in doing that; hut we too often trust to the improved machinery to do tbi work without the- motive power. Often ir the church we hare ail the appliances—ail the agencies—but we want connection will: the saving power. Many of you remember the Rev. William Arthur's oft-quoted illustration : — "Ai army is sitting down before a granite fort, and they say they are going to take it. How ? O, we art going to use these big guns. What of them I They ore powerless things—a little child could ride across one of them. A bird could perch on the muzzle. Aye, but we are going to use this powder. What ol that 1 It is powerless too—a little bird could peck it—a child could play with iU Aye; but we are going to use these great cannon balls. What ol them? They- ere powerless as the others. A and it would make little impression. Aye, but put that powerless powder and powerless ball in that powerless cannon, and brine one sing e spark of fire to it, and that powder will become a lightning flash, and that ball will speed like a thunderbolt as if Heaven sent it, crashing all before it." So with the church. tVe hare our churches and our schools, our preachers and our teachers and other workers. O! For the baptism of fire without which all are as nothing! Without this power workers are unwilling to make the sacrifice demanded. They are willing to work in some way in the church, but they look to com fort, to pay, to popular applause. They see the finger of Providence when it points to what they deem com fortable and desirable, but they fail to see it when it points in a direction where there will probably be trial and privation. When it points to home it is very clear, but difficult to understand when it points to "the uttermost part of the earth." Baptised with the Spirit it will be what pleasesOod—what is accord ing to His will—no matter where the call may lead to, or what the surroundings of the work may be. Western Africa used to be called the grave of the missionary. In the first day9 of the mission so many died after two or three years in that mission field. When a missionary landed at Sierra Leone he had to pass on hif wa>'10 t,le mission-house by the graves of those who had fallen there. Only volunteeis were then sent there. And when the question was asked, i Who will go to Western Africa? a dozen ora score of men were on their feet in a moment, crying "Here am I; send me." Give me men and women baptised with the Holy Gh&t;, and then find (he place nearest hell, where the people are most like demons, and I will find you witnesses for Christ to carry the glad tidings of salvation even there. Without this baptism of the Spirit no one is fully equipped for this work. " Ye shall receive power wheuthe Holy Spirit has come upon you." Ouly when the Holy Ghost ooaes is there potter. But do not^make a mistake about this power. Do not think that it always means what we regard as success. It has heen wisely said, " We are not responsible for sucoess, but we are for power." Where there is power some will yield to it; but some may run away from it, and eome fight against it. Peter was filled with the Spirit, and thousands were saved. Paul, on Mars Hill, was filled with the Spirit, but while a tew yielded the many mocked. Stephen was filled with the Spirit, and they stoned him. Our great concern should be to be filled with the Spirit, and we 6hall have power; ana, ever pliant in God's band, He will use us. 