The seventh eeBsion ot , tbe Federal Oouncil of Australasia will open to-day at Hobart. The title of Lhis federal ghost is somewhat mis'eading. It is merely a body consisting of five repre sentatives from each of the colonies of Tasmania, Victoria, Queensland, and West Australia. The other three colonies in the Australasian gronp have no connection with the Federal Council so- called. And even in regard to the province which they represent the oeiegaces are not in any way do oe looked upon aB providing a mirror tbat reflects the punlic opinion of those states. They are nominated to the Eosition, and are responsible to no ody. When sitting in council they have no power worth mentioning. The Federal Oouncil can pass a motion affecting the administration of some law in all the colonies, and one or all of tbe colonies can decline to have anything to do with it and refuse to recognise the antbority of tbe Council in any vray. There are many subjects of federal concorn which want to be dealt with on a federal basis. Several | matters of tbat kind have been referred to tne f ederal (Jooncil. And nodonut three or four dBys of this week will be taken up in discussing them. In all probability resolutions trill be arrived at, but, like many good intentions tbat are formed, tbey will not be carried out. When the Federal Council met two years ago it decided that it was highly desirable that the status of companies in oolonies other than the colonies in whioh they have been con stituted should be defined, aod that provision should be made for facilitat ing the winding up of companies carrying on business in more than one colony, and for dealing witb and giving effect to sahemes of arrangement and compromise between a company and its creditors, also that the laws relating to banking should as far as possible be uniform throughout Australasia. Tbe impotency of the Federal Oouncil is clearly demonstrated by the fact tbat nothing has been done since to give effect to its decision in this matter, although the advisableneBB of legi°. luting in tbe direction set ont in tbe resolution cannot be questioned. And there is a tinge of irony and humor abont the further fact that the same matters are down on the business paper for tbe present session. The Federal Council is not nnlike the Turkish Government in one reBpect : iii uas a tot oi inings rererrea to it, and it undertakes to do a great deal, bnt it never does anything. As a matter of fact it cannot do anything by itself, except talk about a variety of subjects and arrive at conclusions which it cannot enforce. During itB last session Mr Archer, of Queensland, moved that the Commonwealth Bill ought to be considered by the various Australasian Parliaments at as early a date as possible, and that the Govern ments of the several colonies be urged to submit the bill for the consideration 01 ine respective rarnsments, and to tske steps for the holding of a second Convention to deal with any amend ments which might be suggested. Now, that motion was recognised at the time by earnest federalists like Mr Deakin ae a sort of counterblast to the ontcomc of the Premiers' Conference, which had just concluded its delibera tions and published the outlines of the new federal plan of campaign. It was, and the fact was brought out with noonday clearness in debate, an at tempt to prevent the people from having a voice in the selection of the men to frame a federal constitution. The object of the motion was to take federation along the line marked out by tbe Sydney Convention of 1891\. Reactionary as the motion was, and impossible of acceptance by the people of Australia as a basis on which the federation movement might be reinvigorated, it would never have been moved at all ot hn a J.1 ? ? ?, * 'J ' 1WCUDIBLU ueitgaie, II It had not been apparent to those who had lictlo or no sympathy with federa tion that the democratic coume laid out by the Premiers had all the elements of popularity about it. Their fears in that respect hare since been proved to be well founded, for no one can doubt tbat the remarkable nro rrrocB r,f the ? ? tbat time has been directly doe to the decision to let the people deal with federation themselves, instead of forcing upon them some kind of nnion in the arrangement of whioh they were not to be allowed to take a part. Mr Archer's motion was carried, bnt not until the representatives of Vic toria solemnly protested against it by leaving the chamber. The resolution was really ouljr that of Queensland and West Australia. Tbe Tasmanian re presentatives spoke against it. The passage of the motion signified nothing more than tbat it ensnred the placing of an expression of opinion by two colonies on the records, because, as has already been pointed out, the Federal Council has no authority over anybody or any colony. The opposition of Queensland to the democratic federal movement was strikingly apparent then, and it lias been more marked -since. That colony has even gone back cn the word of its Premier, and refused?!™ join 'With the dther ooloni^s with wlitohit agreed to act in allow ing the people to elhct dolegatea,to'-the_ Federal Convention. And i£ is an' open secMt that the Queensland re pnsp.ntativeS'to the Federal Oonncil nave -come. down to. Tasmania.. deter- mined to do everything possible to prevent the other colonies going on with . the form of .federation, provided for in the enabling till. ? Mr Byrnes, tbe Attorney-General of the northern province, and a loud spoken opponent of the Premiers' 1895 .federation scheme, boasts of having np his sleeve a motion by which he hopes to ' dish' democratic federation. He intends to move that in future the re presentatives of the several colonies in iHo Federal -Oonncil be elected by popnlar vote. In all probability Sir Johp .Forrest and the other West 'Australian delegates will support the proposal, and, if Sir Edward Braddon is . put into the chair, as he probably will be, the united votes of Tasmania and Victoria will be just one less than those of Queensland and WeBt Aus tralia. But once more the Federal Oonncil might decide something that will nbt be. acMd dpon. Ic it . possible that'the* passage of sncha resolution would be «qual to signing itB own death warrant, for if Viotoria and Tasmania, who are going on witb New fiontb Wales and -South Australia in the course set out by the Premiers and the1 enabling bill, decline to elect, repre sentatives for the Federal Council by a popular ballot, there would be but two rnlnniPH ? Iftffc in thp nniino.il. whinh would . then become an object of ridi cule rather than toleration. The more the matter is looked into the more evident is it that Queensland blun dered greatly in not keeping her word. Any attetopte on her part to baulk the ; other colonies from federating because she is not in the running will make her ; position worse and her contemporaries more determined. It is scarcely con csivable that Australia will suffer dicta tion at the tiandB of Qneeuslatid. The advance of cycling as a spore having special attractions for specta tors is remarkable. All over the civilised world cycling competitions arc now highly popular. And ib has many of the elements necessary for perma nence. As long as the sport is kept 1 pure, and tbe contests are not reduced to mere processions hy monetary con fiideratioDs and private arrangements among the competitors, so long will the public confidence in it last and interest in the racing be maintained. In Tasmania wheelmen and wheel women can now be counted by tbe thousand. Bnt it is not pedallers alone who are attracted by sucb meetings aB that which b- g&n; last Saturday and will be continued to-day on the Cricket Ground under the auspices cf the Ladnceston City Cycling Club. All classes of tbe community find at these gatherings enough to sustain their interest from the beginning of tLe first .event to the end of the programme. Tbe raoing arouses a moderate amount of genuine excitement, and even ccca sional burets of enthusiasm, to join in which must be rccreative to tbe ordinary normal sport-loving Britisher. Inasmuch aB both sexes indolge in cycling aB a recreation, they can equally enjoy tests of strength, endur ance, and speed on the track. There are no technicalities to be pioked up before the game can be understood pafficiently to be appreciated. It is a straightforward kind of competition in which the novice can engage and win against a champion if his physical powers are strong enoogh and the i handicappers generous enough to give him a fair start, as they invariably do. ' To judge by the results of Saturday's events cycling is admirably conducted in Tasmania. Tbe handicapping ap- 1 £ears to bave been excellent. Tbe launceston Wheel heats worked out so well that soratch, short distance, and long start men are all left in for the final to-day. The general arrange ments for tbe carnival, too, are good A first-class track enables tbe riders to make crcditable displays. On Satnrday the two miles* competition record for Tasmania was reduced by Barker from a little over 5min to 4min 59eecs, and tbc same rider in the two miles championship race farther rednced tbe time for thpt distance to 4min 58sec. The public are very well provided for, although there is room for consider able improvement in tbe refreshment accommodation, more especially as re bunt tor i-ne jair sex, wnosc presence docs so much to adorn gather ings of this kind. There ia room for a commodious pavilion, admission to which could be obtained by spectators from any part of the ground, where refreshments could be served and taken with some degree of comfort. If till the organisations which make use of the Cricket Ground made an effort Lo provide such a place, the public conld be -depended upon to support them, and rhe attendances at their meetings would be increased. Vicb-Begal.— Sir Fowell - Buxton (Go vernor of Bouth Auetralia) and party arrived from Hobart by express train yesterday, and left for Melbourne by the a.e. Coogee. Mictstsbiai,.— The Premier, Sir Edward Braddon, passed through Launccston ycatcr day on hie way to Hobart, and while in town transacted departmental bneineps. The Speaker of the House of Assembly, Mr B. S. Bird, waa also in Launcestoa, Bank Holiday.— The Governor (Lord Gormanston) has proclaimed Wednesday, 3rd prox., a bank holiday in the city of Hobart and the town of Oitlands. -Victorian Cui0CBTKE6 — TLe Victorian cricket U am which played Tasmania last week. left for Melbourne by the ss. Coogee yesterday. The Accident Ward— a man named pit'al last night suffering from a cruehod foot, and the coastal train which brought him down alas convoyed an old man of abont 70, who was put under private surgical treatment for a broken thigh. Launceston -Gas Company.— a meeting of shareholders in the LauoceBton Gas Com pany will be held at the office on February 6, at S o'clock, for the purpose of receiving the balance- sheet ef the company's affaire and the direotora' report for tbo half-year. The Stabbing Case.— The woman Hunt, who woe admitted to tbe General Hospital on Satnrday night, bad sufficiently rc oovercd from the wound inflicted upon her to be discharged yesterday afternoon. It is rumored tbat when the caee comcs on for hearing particulars will be forthcoming which will throw rather a different com plexion upon the stabbing affray than ap peared undtr first reports. Prouablb Visits— It is quite on tfcu boards that the Treasurer, Fir Philip Fyeb, will visit Launcpgton within the mxt few weeks and deliver a public adJreta on I political TnbUcre. It is also likely that Mr : B J. Bfjddoo, Premier of N-sw Zealand, will \ speak to a Lnunces'on cudiruce shortly on i the intcrcEtiog topic of th? progress or ; democracy. j ?Magic Hoap' is a p^rfoct washi-r, ibc produce of experience and skill.* 1 . : Ma fi. 3, DkANi— The numerous friends, of |dr fi. J. D?an will be glad to learn that the vrllictfl surgical operation performed ou t liltii at Bydney last, week proved sncoresfal.'^ The latest oable a-3viocs broughttho atiraring iotelligrace that bis condition is improving. This news will be reoeived with the greater degree of satisfaction beoanse of the Serious ] -nature of the oom plaint from whioh he. is . suffering, and the difficulty of performing an operation, A Suspicious CifipoMBTAwOB.— A man ] named James Miles, Vut known coUoQniiLlly' aa 'Ohunkua,' was arrested on Saturday | night by Sergeant Wilkins for having been I on the premises of Mr Divid Bltchie, Brio* bane- road, for an uu lawful purpose. Yea terday the accussd was bhurged at the Police Court with 'being an idle and disorderly person, but as Mrs Bltchie was unable to positively recognise blm as tbo man she' observed prowling about - the place the chargc was withdrawn, ^rarriiBBAHY DAX.— lo-day .has been, proclaimed a public holiday throughout thfc colony for the pnrp'se of .celebrating the 109th anniversary of the foundation of Aus tralia as a colony of Gi;eat Britain. Ex cursions. by both river steamers are an nounced! the Centennial lcavlog fat 9 for | Georgetown and intermediate ports, and tho ; Agnes f6r Bosevears at 2 15. - Tbe principal i event In the north is the second day's j rating in conneotioD with the international j meetiog of theiOity Cycling Club, while in the s inthi the annual aquatic carnival of the ^'Hobart Begatta AAoclation 'will make . a big bid for publlo patronage. : Tbe Post and Telegraph Offioes will be otobad between tbeliours of 10 amu-and 6*8D4 pim. There will be one delivery of letters by the letter oarrierp, leaving .the office at 1 8*16 ^.m. A 'delivery of letters, etoV, ar-1 living by tbe ss. Pateena will be made at 1 the enquiry window at 6*80 p.m, ..The pilUr j receivers will be cleared morning and'tveo ing, the letters reaching the office at 7'2 a.m. and 6 80 p.m. No interruption will: take plaoe in the rccelpt and idespatoh of mails. Police Court.— The Police Magistrate and Mr F. K. Falrthorue, J.P., presided yietcrday. Twenty-eight informations were laid against fruitgrowers for having failed to send in returns of the areas of their orchards, but tbe inspector applied to have them withdrawn, and the request was granted — Two young men pleaded gality to having disturbed the peace of Tamar-strcot on Sunday morning, and they were each fined 10b. or one week's imprisonment. — Michael P&rncll; admitted travelling on the Union Company's s.s, Hanroto from Eden to Launceaton without having paid hlafare. Be wae fiucd £1, in default 14 days.' — 6arauel Harris, who waa locked up on Sun day, charged with stabbing Agues Hnnt with intent, was remanded tor a week. — The names of two sisters appeared on the chaTge sheet, one charging tbe other with an assault, Mr M. J. Clarke, M.H.A. (Clarke and Croft), appeared and applied for a withdrawal of the information, which was granted. TRAMWAY TO ttlKG ttlYEB. — IU MG course of an inteivicw with the Premier yis'erday Mr Bonald W. Ecui-h, M.H.A., drew bis attention to thu necessity for push ing on the tramway to the King River as speedily as possible, at&tir.g; that a number of hie constituents were greatly interested in its completion and extension. Tbe Pre mier made a note of it, and promiaed to give the matter bia beat attentfon as soon as be returned to Hobart. ! A Social Gathebikq.~A very plees&nt; j evening waa spent at the Oddfellows' lodge ; at the Star Hotel last night, when Mr Bonald j The new member and several of his visitors eppccbified a little, but these addrcsssB were entirely devoid of the electioneering fighting f-pirit, although quite consistent with the democratic and even wider principles to which during the oampaign be gave expres sion. The meeting all through wae of a kindly friendly nature, and politics were subordinate to expressions ot mutual good will. Benevolent Bociett.— At the meeting of tbe Beoevolent Society yesterday there were i present : Messrs. J. Stephenson (chairman), G. Baker, G. Wilkins, W. B. Bar wood. J. T. Farmilo, 'J. Joyc1, M. Tyson, J. Steer (treaaurer), and B. Cameron (secretary). Apologies were received from Messrs. T. Bourke and A. Jones,— l'ba hecre- ! during the week nine men, one woman, and three children. There were on tbe perma nent roll 44 men, 118 women, 174 children ; total, 836. A donation cf cloth' 6 was ac knowledged from Mra Holmes. A new caee waa )-ut on the permanent roll, tbeapplicaut being granted one ration per week. The treasurer acknowledged the rcccipt of a donation of £1 from Mr Isaacs, of Binga rooma. The annual report, to be presented on Friday night, waa considered and adopted, ae also waa tbc annnal report of tbe Bene vol* nt Aaylum. Causes op Typhoid.— Dr, Wilaoo, the officer of health, in hla report upon infic tioua dlBeases during the past fortnight, mentioned tbat in one case where three sufferers from typhoid resided In the a&me; house, be ha1, in order to try aud locate the origin ot tbe disease, inspected a dairy at King's Meadows from which the household in question ob tained their milk supply, but found nothing ot all unsatisfactory, nor among the 88 cus tomers, a liat of whom waa furnished to the doctor, was a single other case of fever. He discovered, however, tbat not only in bouses where t- pboid had broken out, but in ' a large percentage of the bcBt residences in the city,' the plumbieg arrangements were contrary to eacitary rules and regulations. : The condition of things thns revealed by a ' bonce to house visitation caJJe for, and will doubtless receive, the prompt attention of the Oouncil. Larceny as a Bailbu.— At tho Beacons field Police Court on WclncBday, before Messrs. J. W. Wyr.tt and J. Howard Champ, J'a. P., a young man of the name of Glynn, a prospector, waa charged with larccny as a bailct*. It appears that on Christmas Day tbc accused waa at the Kaglrhawk Gully. He bud no money io buy biros. Jf a piccs ol meat for hie uiuncr. He was at the camp ot a digger named Allison, aud be asked Allison to b.-nd him a ehilliop. Alliaoa had no changc, but raid be would lend ibeehilling,aod banded the accused a half-sovereign with the strict injur ction tfcat the change was to brought back at one;. Gljnngottbe coin, aud immediately cleared out for the Sorth-We8t Coast. Information was laid, n Dcvonpnrt, where bo appeared to answer the charge, and was remanded to Beaconefield. Kvidecce cli&rly; proved the chargc, and the accused was ordered to gaol with haid labor for one month. ! Publications.— Tbe New Year's (Janu ary) number of the Pall Ufall Magazine ia up to tbe usual excellent Btandard, and pr.eente, in addition to interesting tab-e, aketcbes, and special articles, a full comple- I meat of illustrations, with an etching by F. j V. Burridge, ''On the Grand Canal,' as | frontispiece. I I City Cycling Conccut. — We again draw j I cur r^a '.era' attention to t'^ia conceit, which will be given in tbo Albert Hall this tvcc ijg. The excellent programme ebould pj- tiffy most musical tastes, ard the efforts ! of iba c'ub to supply a flrst-c'aes programme j will no doobt receive ample fuppor . Amonge*-. thos*. taking part will be : Mr B. F. Young, wbo comes especially from Hobrrt, for tbe cccarioo, aud givea four items ; Miaa Beatrice Ferguson,' Miss IJa Cox ; Mes6is. O. Balf-?, IS. H. Sutton, P. T-;bbs, H. Abb3tt, aod B. Piper will also take part. Mra A. H, Bowdcn will play tbc a-coropauimcnte. Tbo door* will open at 7'15, for tbc convenience ot those having tickcte. Traina wui leave tor all country stations at the conclusion ot concert. New South Walks Bailway Tbaffic — Tbc report of tbe Bailway Commissioners for tte quarter ending Scoember 81, 1896, shows that the earnings for that period amounted to £009 £75, or an focivaee of £88,787 compared with the reedpta for the correspsnding three months of 1895. Tbe expKnditure for the quarter was £426.195, or £12 828 io excess cf tbc outlay during thy December quarter of 1806, ao that tbe , not increase of the earnings for tbe paat : quartnr ov--r those of last year stands at I £26,409. 'The -pfTceatege of expenditure to : eamingo was 46'86 against 47*62 Jait year. . | Traffic improved in all branches, eavu witb 1 liv«? htock, which has fallen off owing to tbe j r&i.;'fillB enabling pafiroralUtBto keep etock I on land to a greater extent than last year. I Tbc train miles ruu totalled 2,176,461, j ai»iia't 2,095 814 iu tbc December quaitcr j of 1695. i In I'uruhaeing.' MAGIC 'Soap housewives rely on its proved washing vidua.* ' , JTew Threshiko Pla^t.— Mesart. A, 6. Webster acid Son have just landed from tbo Oynlso^ one fit jlaraball's latest typo of throwing drums. r 'Thls machine baa been linportu. to the-brdor ot AIx W.-O- Grobb, of St. Leonards. It has several improve ments newtb tbe oolony, one ot them being en apparatus for cleaning and bagglog the cbsffr. Also au lmproved type, of conoavo I winch will lesson tbo rick of cracking wheat, I and at the same time thresh more oerfectly. The 'threshing plant as a whole will be one of tbe most complete In Tasmania, as ft will l-c driven by fin 8 b.p. HornBby traction engine, and. will tavo a Sit of. stacking elevatore on own carriage for dealing with .tbe straw. This class of elevator is mach better for windy weather than the ordinary type. The plant is at present being fitted np by the BallBbnry Engineering Company, and will make a start threshing within a fewdays. Boys and Gunpowder.— A serious acci dent happened to three ilttle boys named John, William, and Tom Smith, sons of a farfti laborer residing at Keaneflcld, near Deloraise. It appears that tbc father, mother, and daughter left home at 2 p.m, on Sunday on a visit to some frlonds living at the Serdlcs,' and on their return at 7 p.m. they found tbe little boys. badly burnt by gunpowder. The boy John, aged 10 years, said a man- put' some [pennies on tho ground and 'Said 'There are some pennies for you, boys,' Aa -they stooped to pick tliem op the man put a lighted matob on the ground and blew some gunpowder off in their fafies, . fhia story was disbelieved by tbn nnllnn.' whti had hnntt apnt for. with the result that William Smith, aged eight years, confessed ^to having entered the, boose by tbe windowfend taken the powder off the dreessr, and that r&e; of bis brothers had pnt tbe match to the gunpowder.* Tbe little fellow 'wbo confcEsed to the troth is serlourly burnt about tbo eyes, . which may result iu bis lofiog bis eyesight, He is now under the care of Dr. Morris. ? Alleged Fobgery.-— An impudent at* tempt to impose on the Bank of Kcw South Wales in Melbourne with a forged cheque was made on Wednesday afternoon by a young man who gave tbe name of Thomas Harrison. He firet called at the bank and asked for a cbcqac-book for Mr William Taylor, the wcU-known grazier, who kcepe bis' account there. Being informed tbat no chtque-booka were (supplied except on written orders, be left, and returned later with an order ptlfportiog to bo signed by Mr Sutherland, cf the Olderfleet, manager : tor Mr Taylor. On this order the cheque-book was duly handed over. Next the young man turned up at the bank with a cheque for £5 purporting to be signed by Mr Taylor. He deeired to have it cashed, fcut the teller doubted the signature, and waB supported by the ledger-keeper. The young man was not in the least discouraged by the teller's de cision not to caBb tho cheque, saving, ' Well, give it back to me, and I'Jl get another with a belter aignaiure.' Getting tbe cheque, he walked out of tbc bank. He did not return, and tbc fae s were duly reported to tbo detective office. Detectives Wilson and Dalton were told off for the dnty of investi gating tbe caee. They first interviewed Mr Sutherland, and finding tbat both tbe tfrder for the book and the chique were bogus, tbey etarted to look for Harriaoc. Tbey found bim eventually in Carlton, when he proven to be acicrx named inonias iwom'jy, t wenty years of age, who had formerly been employed by Mr Sutherland. In hla pocket were found tbe Cbeqne- book he bad ob tained, and a cheque for £87 10s, aigned ' William Taylor.' He was lockcdupaLthe j city watebbouae, charged with uttering a j forged order with in*?nt to defraud, ' A Bbutaz, attach.— Tbe circumstances of a brutal eesanlt were elicited during the hearing of a charge of inflicting grievous body harm, preferred in tbe Albury police court on Monday, agaiuat Patrick Conway and 8tepbcn B^an. The evidence of John Fisher, the victim of tbe assault, showed arqulrcd some notoriety, and asked Fisher for eome money, and on being refused atruck FiBber on tho jaw, knocking him down. Each time Fisher got op Conway knocked b'm down with violent blows in the facn. Fisher was left lyicg on tbe road-way with hia face covered with blood and beattn out ot shape. Bjou kicked tho man several times in the face with hia heavy boots and once on the body, breaking ribs on the left aide, aud contiourd kicking the face and body until be was rendered unconsoluus and presented a sickening sight. The police magistrate slgnifie 1 his intention of ordering Byan and Conway to be flogged, but deferred passing sentences. Fiee at A Cafe.— The fire which brok j ont shortly after 4 o'c'ock on Friday morn ; ing at the rear of the Vienna C*fe, Collins street, Melbourne, caused considerable damajre, despite the splendid work of the I fire brigade under Mr Stein, the chief officer, I Ronebly estimated, tbe loss amounts to about I £1600. Tbe cause of the fir* cannot be hnf- tn thn kitchen tive floes were probably to blame. Tbe kitchen Itself, tbe rooms above, need as dres sing rooms for the waitresses and employees and tbe rooms below, containing plate, etc., wire all destroyed, together with their con tents, But the loss is trifling compared with what it would have been had the fire brigade not prevented the outbreak from spreading to the front portion of tbe build ing, with Its elaborately fitted diolng-rioms, cafe, bars, etc. The building is owned by I Lady Wrixon, and is insured in the Victoria ln«uranoe Company for £5500. Mtsars. : Bdlinger and Goeis, the occupiers, have an insurance over the contents for a similar amount in the Colonial Mutual Compauy. Four previous tir^a have cccurrtd iu the cafc— tb»i first during tbe occupancy of Mr H. G. If-lea, in November, 1886. and the others during the occuparcy of Mea^rs. E'JlingT and Goelz io February, J$£9, June, 1889; and May, 1890. Unification of Time at Bea.— The question of the unification of timo at e a, which has losg be n txcitiog the attention 1 of scicutiata and of pr*c;ict) si&men;, ia row likdy to b- brought mor.; prominently , Wforc thu Imperial Government than bas yet boon tho caao in the past. Th-; Uoyal Society of Canada bae issued an exhaustive memorandum, sitting forth the uuuce&ity; for the change aud appealing to the Chambers of Commerce of tbu Onited Kingdom to use. their influence in its fnvor with th-. Imperial Government. The uroposal is that on and after January 1, 1901, the astronomical day should everywhere begin at mean midnight, Which would meau the abaudoum.nt of astronomical and nautical time and the auopuon ui ine preaum civu »ime. Measuring an Ouob. — Eagent Mcf nard, a French botanist, is reputed to have discovered a simple and easy method of 1 measuring the ioteuMty ot an olor. H-a takes advantage of tbo delicate qualitative power of the sense of smell— that is, if its ability to riifcrimin&t-; between - odours, be they diff-.rent only by a very I little. He finds tbat if some very cbarac- 1 teriitic odor bo mingled with the ono to be mcasureH there' is a certain point where tboy balance and form what be c ills a 'n'ntral odor.' In t-his atate the addi- I lion of a minute quantity of cither scent I causi'R that one to prodomiaato. Tbc way j M. Mcennrd goca al- oqt makiug hi? m-?a- j the pcr'um'.- whose intensity is to be a&cu1-; 1 Uined, or the cl-j ct that gives it off, say, a bucch of violets An o.'or of turpen t-Be is pumped in by equ^a og a rubber bulb till the 11 neutral odor' iB obtained, the cxpsrlmcntcr obearvicg carefully the developments by smelling through a connecting tube. ' Tb'.n the mixed eccnla aro admitted, gradually, into a j-r containing glowing phosphorus. The amount admitted is registered by the turns of a handle, and the number of tune neces sary to put out the phosphorus gives the mer.eurc of the quantity of turpentine, and hencc tbe intenEiry of the odor that waa neutralised by it. The faculty of amelliog is comparatively feeble in the human being, and it is suggested tbat if sucb mcasuro ments as -these axe to be systematically and continuouslv made great incrcas-; in tbe delicacy of olfactory nerves may be looked for in those wbo perform them, Last summer one of our grandchildren was sick with a severe hzszL trouble. Our doctor's remedies had failed, then we tried Chamberlain's Colic. Cholera, and Diarrhoea Eerrcdy, which gave very ppccdy relief. Wc regard it as tbe b^st medicine ever put on th«! mark' t for bowel compleinte. — Mis E.G. Gr« gary, Frednrickflowo, Mo. Thia certr.iniv i« tho br-nt tucdiciue ever put on l hi; market for smttery, summer complaint | colic and choicra infar.tum in children. If , iiev» r fails tu pivo prompt relict wh^n used | in r^aaona^ln time ar;d tho plain printed j directions *re followrjd. Many mothers ; bav^ cxprcM8'd ihefr elrocrtf gratitude for tbe curs' it- has effected. For aale by all I dimlere. Hatio^ and Laws, General ! Agcnta.* - 