[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXXVI.—(Continued.) IT was nine o'clock when he ap- peared, the coachman having waited for him by James Lang- rishe's orders. He was shown into the dining-room, where the doctor was sitting over his wine. By his side, on the polished mahogany table, was a heap of letters and papers. The two men had a long conversation. It was evidently satisfactory. Bridget Lehane brought in glasses and sodawater about half-past ten and set the spiritstand on the table, and then asked if anything more was needed. Her master dismissed her to bed, and the two men drew up their chairs near the fire and continued their conversa- tion. About half-past eleven Dr. Conolly left; the doctor rose also, and proposed accompanying him as far as the lodge. Both men had had their fair share of the whisky and soda, but Dr. Langrishe only seemed to grow morose and reticent over his potations, while his companion became genial and communicative. The night was very dark as they stepped out from the hall and turned down the almost leafless avenue. The ground beneath their feet was damp and thick with fallen leaves. The rain had ceased, but neither moon nor stars lit up the gloomy walk. 'You've not seen the ghost yet, I suppose, Langrishe?' said Dr. Conolly, as they walked briskly on towards the lodge. 'You know you're credited with one here. Not a soul in the place but talks of it. I wish she'd favour us with a visit now,' and he laughed boisterously. 'But those same appari- tions are too wise to show themselves to anyone who would be a creditable wit- ness.' 'What nonsense is all this?' said the doctor, savagely. 'Who is spreading reports about me? It will be worse for them if I catch them.' 'Oh, not about you. I never said that. They only say a woman with a shawl over her head, and a very awful face—heavens, Langrishe! What's that before us—don't you see?' 'See! I see nothing. Are you drunk, man, or dreaming? Why, it's pitch dark.' 'I know it, but look, Langrishe, walking straight before us. A woman's figure, as I live, I'll light a match.' The spark of it illumined the darkness for a moment. Beyond its circle of light was a faint, misty out- line. A cold wind sighed through the stripped branches overhead. Then all was darkness again. 'What folly is this!' exclaimed James Langrishe, fiercely, 'and the idea of you taking it up, Conolly. I thought you had more sense.' 'I certainly thought I saw a figure moving before us,' said Dr. Conolly, doggedly, 'and it's no joke I'm telling you, Langrishe. Scores of people have seen this thing. Sometimes it is seated at the foot of Dead Woman's Hill, as if waiting for someone, and sometimes it walks to your lodge and down this avenue. . . . There . . . by heaven! man, as I'm alive, I see it. Where are your eyes? . . . Look —straight before us—facing us. Good- ness! what an awful face.' The cold sweat stood out on James Langrishe's brow. He clutched his companion's arm, and stood for a moment gazing wide-eyed into the darkness, swaying like a drunken man. 'Some fool is playing tricks on us,' he muttered. 'There's nothing there— nothing.' They were half way through the avenue now. Suddenly, through a rift in the clouds, the moon shone out pale and watery, yet distinct enough to show the path before them. Nothing was there. James Langrishe burst into a harsh laugh. 'I think, Conolly,' he said, 'my whisky was stronger than we thought. A pretty pair of fools we are, to turn ghost-seers at our time of life. Come, hurry on; I'll keep my word, and see you to the gates. Perhaps the ghost will oblige me by waiting tall I return, and acquaint me with a reason for fre- quenting my avenue.' They went on hurriedly, and spoke but little. Then James Langrishe returned to the house. His heart beat a little quicker as he approached the place where that ghastly face had for a second's space seemed to flash out of the shrouding darkness. The moon was still shining down through the drifting clouds. But neither form, nor face was visible. Yet James Langrishe's own face was ashy white as he stepped once more into the glow of warmth and light. He bolted the outer door, and returned to the dining-room, and stirred the fire into a blaze, and lit every candle he could find. Then he poured himself out half a tumbler of whisky, dashed in some sodawater, and drank it off. 'I'll carry a pistol about me for the future,' he said aloud, as if speaking to some unknown listener. 'I'll have no ——tricks played on me. Who talks of ghosts? There are no ghosts. We live, or we die—there's an end of us. Carrion, rotting back to its own clay, feeding the worms. Ghosts? What old women's tales to frighten silly girls and children.' He paced the room in a fevered manner, pushing aside chairs, talking all the time wildly and incoherently. Someone passing along the hall, with a candle in her hand, paused before that closed door, and listened, with frigh- tened eyes to the strange talk and movement going on within. It was Bridget Lehane. 'Musha, mother of mercy,' she cried to herself, 'but the quare goings on there is in this house, an' sorra a place at all, at all, for a dacent gurl to live in. Shure, 'tis the masther has the onaisy conscience, and why should he at all only for the things as he knows an' I daren't be lettin' on about seein' as how a prison wns in the taycup to-night, when meself was lookin' at the leaves! ' She crossed herself, and stole softly back to the kitchen. For many and many a night she had chosen to sleep there on a settle before the fire, rather than go upstairs to her bedroom. James Langrishe had been a week at Knockminoss. It was known that the furniture and house were to be sold, and that he had made over his practice to Dr. Conolly. These facts gave rise to a great deal of talk, but talk is so much the natural province of Irish folk that the wagging of tongues meant less to the "waggers" than an outsider would have supposed. Yet looks askance were cast at the hand some doctor when he drove through the town or along the outlying roads, and there were many who said the change in his appearance was due more to fear than to grief. Yet still, all the whispered rumours amounted to very little, and as yet none had reached his own ears. When he was in the house he was for ever sort- ing papers, burning letters, packing books and surgical instruments, and generally dismantling the establishment, but the servants noticed he never went near his wife's apartments, and her wardrobe and jewellery were packed under the superintendence of Mrs. Conolly, who gave him the keys after- wards. His iron will kept him there day after day, and gave him strength, too, for the hateful tasks that must be done. Once he turned his back on Knock- minoss, he resolved never to enter it again. His present bravado had a purpose to serve, but with every night his terrors grew apace, and his nerves needed more and more of that false stimulant that sent him reeling up to his hated room in the small hours of the morning, to close his eyes in a drunken stupor that rested neither mind nor body. * * * * * * A child can kindle a flame that half an army cannot extinguish. In like man- ner a chance word, dropped by an idle tongue, is ofttimes the seed that sows a field of dragon's teeth in a single night. Bridget Lehane had a sweetheart, and the said sweetheart was a member of the constabulary. Reticence is assuredly no fault of her nation, and reticence to a sweetheart on any subject connected with her own life and its incidents would have been an impossibility. So it came to pass that Jimmy Whelan was informed of everything connected with the doctor, and the affairs generally of Knockminoss, and how he always carried a pistol in his coat, and how he drank himself into raging lunney every night of his life. Jimmy was not one whit sharper or more brilliant than others of his persua- sion, but he took to thinking things over, and they seemed to him as to Bridget, "mighty quaro." Still, nothing was said, and the preparations for leaving Knockminoss went on apace; but during the second week the story of the ghost was once more revived, and not a soul from shop or farm would tread the avenue after dusk for any bribe or persuasion. The stories got to Dr. Conolly's ears, and Dr. Conolly had a wife, and he and the wife talked together over Dr. Langrishe's curious dislike to the place and his hurried preparations for de- parture, and his strange reticence about his future plans. It needed a woman's wit to put her finger on the weak point of the chain of circumstances. Mrs. Conolly was the woman. 'Lady Ffolliott is leaving also; her place is to be shut up, the lodgekeeper told me. I wonder if he will marry her, after a time. He can't pretend to be sorry for his wife's death. Every- one knew ho was infatuated with that woman, and his freedom came most opportunely.' Dr. Conolly kept silence for some moments. His thoughts were back with a scene in the gray dawn of a September morning. He remembered a hasty summons, a confused account of a strange seizure, the story of the little nurse and her agitation, the certificate he had been asked to sign, the hurried funeral, the strange symptoms of the London nurse, which had puzzled him at the outset of her illness, the abrupt departure of the widower, and now his determination to sell his place, even at a loss, and leave Ireland altogether. The more he thought the more he remembered. The more he remem- bered, the less he liked. He grew nervous, suspicious, uncomfortable, and it was while in this mood that he was informed that one Jimmy Whelan, of the constabulary, was below in the kitchen and desired urgently to have word with him. CHAPTER XXXVII. The communication of Jimmy Whelan resulted in the following letter, written by Dr. Conolly to Deborah Gray 'Dear Miss Gray, 'I write to ask you if, by any chance, you kept any notes of the late Mrs. Langrishe's illness during the time you attended her at Knockminoss. I was unable to question you on the sub- ject owing to your state of health. I must tell you that my reasons for ask- ing this are most serious, though at pre- sent I beg you will treat this communi- cation as strictly private, as I will treat anything you tell me on the subject. 'Believe me, 'Yours faithfully, 'CHARLES CONOLLY. 'Youghal, Co. Cork.' In due time there arrived for Dr. Conolly a thick packet, sealed and regis- tered. He opened it, and found it con- sisted of manifold sheets of paper containing extracts from a journal that had apparently been kept by two per- sons. It was accompanied by a note from Deborah Gray. '—— Hospital, 'London. 'Dear Dr. Conolly. 'In answer to your letter, I beg to enclose the following extracts from a journal kept by Miss Nugent, who was Mrs. Langrishe's companion during the months of July, August, and part of September, and also my own notes from thee time I was summoned by Mrs. Langrishe herself, to the fatal 12th of September, when she died. The records speak for themselves, but neither my friend nor myself wished to breathe our suspicions until they were necessary, either to justify or condemn some quite impartial interference. I need scarcely say we are both ready to stand by every word we have written, however strange or condemnatory they may seem. 'Yours faithfully, 'DEBORAH GRAY' That night Dr. Conolly read every word of the records submitted to him. When he finished, his face was the face of one on whom Fate has imposed a stern and distasteful duty. His heart sank with a dread beyond all words. He had taken this man's hand, he had called him friend, and now he must stand forth and accuse him before the world and his fellow-men of the most awful and dastardly crime the brain of a devil could conceive. Horror inexpressible seized him as he thought of Mrs. Langrishe's strange illness, of her husband's pretended anxiety, of the fearful hypocrisy and deceit of which the poor woman had been the victim. There was one thing, however, which he could not understand, and that was the fatal haste to bring about a result that led to open suspicion. Why had he not let the poor creature linger on and slowly fade into the grave his skill had dug for her, instead of making this sudden, savage onslaught, as it were, on her already jeopardised life? He puzzled over this for long. Sud- denly, the remembrance of his wife's words flashed across his mind—the infatuation for Lady Pfolliott! Here, evidently, was the motive. In his fear of losing one woman, James Langrishe had ruthlessly sacrificed another. The evidence of those two nurses would condemn him hopelessly, if—if the body of the dead woman bore out that evidence. It was a case for human justice now, without mercy, without paltering. The law had been outraged boldly and recklessly; the law must avenge itself upon the offender. All the threads of suspicion must be gathered up, knotted into one strong, condemning strand. He had but to place these papers in the proper hands, and the order would be given to exhume the body of the poor wronged woman. There must be no delay. James Langrishe had proved himself a man devoid of scruples. He himself knew on what thin ice he trod here, amidst the scenes of his infatuation and his crime. As yet, no whisper of all the many floating round had reached his ears; but at any moment they might do so, and he would escape. His urgent haste to have all matters of business settled, the disposal of his practice and his property, his utter reticence on any future plans, save only that he was going to London—London, where Lady Ffolliott was—all these facts were strangely suspicious. Dr. Connolly felt that in some measure his hand was forced. The grave must be the first accuser. By its silent witness James Langrishe would be pronounced innocent or—guilty. [T0 BE CONTINUED.] 