BAIRNSDALE SUPREME COURT. WEDNESDAY, 15TH SEPTEMBER. Before His Honor Mr Justice A'Beckett.) THE BULLUMWAAL ASSAULT CASE. James Fogarty was put on his trial for rape upon Rose Evans, at Bullumwaal on the 151.h July last. Mr Garner prosecuted. Mr Kirkpatrick appeared for the defence. The following jury was sworn:—Wm. Rooney, James Tobin, Geo. Barnes, David Collins, Edwin J. Findley, Goe. Waddell, R. C. Knight, Wm. R. Lidston, John Dwyer. Joseph Chandler, James Boyd, James Stewart (foreman). Mr Gurner stated the case for the pro secution. At the end of a twenty-five minutes' statement, during which nearly the whole of the depositions by the Crown witnesses were read, counsel was proceed ing to comment upon the case, when His Honor interrupted and said he did not think it was necessary to refer in further detail to that part of it. Mr Gurner then proceeded beyond that point to elaborate the evidence and com ment upon it Wm. Henry Sherrard proved a plan which he had prepared of the scene of the occurrence. It was 580 yards from Fogarty's hut to the log, and about 530 yards from Griffiths' but to the log. Rose Evans, examined by Mr Gurner, said she was the wife of Rd. Evans and lived with him at Bullumwaal. Had known the prisoner—whose hut was a couple of yards from hers—about three months. On the 15th July, Thursday, her husband had gone to Bairnsdale, and the prisoner came and asked her if she would have a drop of beer, and would she go over to the claim, She said, "Very well," just to get rid of him. Subse quently he came again—after he had knocked off work—and asked her why she had not come. She had got 6d worth of beer and gave him some. He went away, but came back and asked her if she would come and get a share of a bottle of beer which he had. She said she did not want it, She did not go. Later, about 7 o'clock, she was going to Mr Griffiths' hut, when she met prisoner and he said she might as well have the beer—that it was just here. She said, "Oh, very well," and he told her that she looked like a ghost in her white apron, which she should take off. This she did and they went some yards up the old road. They went two or three yards into the timber, where he had the beer and brought it. She drank a cup of the beer. Then he drank one, and she had another half- cup, and he the rest. Then he assaulted her. He tore her skirt. Afterwards he asked her not to tell her husband, but she said she would tell him, and did so when he came home from Bairnsdale, about half-past 12 o'clock that night. Cross-examined by Mr Kirkpatrick: Had been on friendly terms with accused, but was never in his hut with him. The only time when they were in her hut alone was on the occasion when, before the as sault, he came in and gave her the drink of beer. Had never drank beer with him before except "in company." His Honor: How often in company? Witness: I suppose nine or ten times. To Mr Kirkpatrick: She had got a quart bottle of beer for herself, walking a mile to Waite's for it, on that day when her husband was away. It was on a moonlight night the assault was commit ted. It was not to prevent people from seeing them that she took off her apron— it was simply because he asked her. She did not scream while he was assaulting her—she could not scream, being too ex hausted. She was on good terms with her husband, but he had assaulted her once. It was not true that Thomson had seen accused and her alone together, and she had not arranged to go to Melbourne with him. Had never been drunk, no matter what any witnesses said. Had not been intimate with Fogarty previously. Have you ever asked the prisoner for his photo.?—(Langhter)—No, sir. Richard Evans, miner, husband of last witness, deposed that he had known the prisoner about 12 months. On the night when he came back his wife's hair was disarranged and her clothing torn. She said, "I hate that Fogarty, next door," and then told him what had happened. Next day he wrote to Sergeant Mullany. Fogarty used very hbad language about it. Cross- examined: Had been convicted for taking a bundle of straw, and sen tenced to a week's imprisonment. Had struck his wife once, but it was not about a man. His wife liked a drink, but not to excess, and sometimes used bad lan- guage. Frank Thompson, miner, mate of the accused, deposed that the prisoner left his hut about 7 o'clock on the night of the assault, and came back about an hour later. He was then sober. On the fol lowing day told him Evans was having some words with his wife about being out with him, and he showed him the log where they bad a bottle of beer together, and said to witness and Evans, "She is a little cow to round on me." To Mr Kirkpatrick: Had seen prisoner and Mrs Evans alone together with the door shut, both in her hut and his. On one occasion had to pull him out of the hut to go to work. Had also seen them drinking together. On one occasion heard Evans say to his wife, "You have been writing to your b—— fancy man," and she replied, "He is a better b—— man than you are." Mr Garner: Were they having a quar rel then?—Yes; they generally have a bit of a row now and again. Have you always found her a respect able woman?—Yes, and always treated her as such. Cuthbert Conrad Griffiths, Bullumwaal, deposed that he was in Fogarty's hut on the night of the 15th July playing cards. Fogarty came in before 9 o'clock. Sub sequently he told him about having gone into the bush with Mrs Evans. To Mr Kirkpatrick: He drank beer with Mrs Evans. The latter had a con versation with him about his evidence and said she would rather he did not say any- thing about the beer. Had seen them alone together in Fogarty's hut. Constable Ryan deposed that Fogarty met him near Bullumwaal and he told him that he had been intimate for months with Mrs Evans, and that there was nothlng in the case. Cuthbert Robert Blackett, Government analyst, having been examined, Sergeant Mullany deposed that pri soner had also informed him that he had been intimate with Mrs Evans. This closed the case for the prosccu tion. Mr Kirkpatrick commented on the dis crepancies in Mrs Evans's evidence, and urged that a woman so given to drink, as was proved she was, had no more purity or morality than the dog in the street. He would prove that it was the man in the dock who was the injured party. Accused gave evidence and said he had, since four months ago, drank beer with Mrs Evans nearly every day. On that evening she asked him to have a cigar- ette, and they drank a quart bottle of beer together. They went to the log, where she waited while he went about 200 yards to where the beer was. She was a con senting party and offered no resistance. There had been immoral relations between them previously. Had seen her drunk, both in his hut and hers. On one occa sion she was so bad that he had to lift her off the floor and put her on the bed. Had given her 1s 6d to buy a brooch. He mentioned two dates upon which they had immoral relations. His Honor: You mentioned two dates upon which there were immoral relations between you? Accused: Yes, your Honor. One of these was in June?—Yes, You remembered the dates?—I did. How were you able to do that?—Be- cause I keep a book—I think Mr Kirk- patrick knows about it. Mr Kirkpatrick: Answer His Honor. His Honor: Do you say that you entered these things in a book—put them in a book?—Yes. Why did you do that?—Because there are others as well as her I have to make entries against. Why did you make these entries?— Because it is a system I follow out. Why?—I do it, I suppose, because you can refer to it and think it over. These entries?—Yes. Did you enter these dates?—I did. That first date in June?—Yes. When did you enter it?—When I came home. And it was only upon those three occa sions which you have mentioned?—Yes, That is all. Then why did you say to the constable that it had been going on for four months —you did say that?—Yes. Why did you tell that lie?—I do not say it is a lie. Why did you tell the lie? This occa sion was on the 26th June. You said four months. Is that all the explanation you have to give?—You blast this woman's character, and that is your explanation of the lie?—We have been continually drinking together. At all events that is your explanation of this lie that you were intimate with her in that way for four months previously? —That is all. As a man, you are particeps criminis, but as a man, do you think it is a muanly or honest thing to say of a woman?—No, I do not think so. Very well. That will do. Wm. Henry, miner, deposed that he had seen Mrs Evans in Fogarty's hut on several occasions. Once he saw her drunk, and he had to assist her to get into her own house. Fogarty was there at the time. John M'Ewan, living in the same hut as accused, also deposed that he had seen them together on several occasions. Heard husband and wife quarrelling, when she used very bad language. Wm. Moxom, carpenter, said that he had seen Mrs Evan drunk. Thomas Handley, jun., deposed that he had seen accused and Mrs Evans together alone, lots of times, and had gone to Waite's Hotel to get beer for them. One day he went for beer eight times, and he saw her drink off the beer every time. Dick Evans had spoken to him about the case, and told him he was a fool to go on Jim's side—that he was only "kidding him up." Mr Kirkpatrick, speaking to it, argued that the jury could not believe the word of a woman who had lied so much in court on the subject of drink. She was a woman who went alone, at night, into the bush with a man to get drink. And a woman who did that would stop at nothing. His Honor, summing up, said a jury might conclude in a case of this kind that if it was a rape it was one with mitigating circumstances; these circumstances being that the woman had gone with the man into the bush, and had been drinking with him. The jury must have a strong opinion in favor of the probability of the woman's story. The question was whether the probability was strong enough to justify his conviction. The reason they must have that opinion was because the man was a perjured ruffian, and that so far as the woman was concerned there was an absence of any reason why she and her husband should trump up a false charge. All the circumstances as disclosed in the evidence was against it. Here was the case of a man helping a wqman who was fond of drink to get drink. It was not pretended that the woman had been detected, the suspicion of the husband did not appear to have been aroused, so that there was no cause for an interrup tion of the adulterous relationship, if such existed as the defence suggested. Ac cording to his own statement the accused was a most contemptible fellow—a liar destroying the character of a women he had had an intimacy with—a man to be looked upon with contempt by every per son with a shadow of manly feeling—who taunts the woman's husband with a lie— who was, in fact, according to his own account of himself, a contemptible, lying fellow, one who deserved the scorn of any man who had any respect for proper feel ing. So that he was a man who, upon his own statement, would not hesitate to perjure himself in order to get out of the consequences of his own action. But, his Honor warned them they must not act upon a mere probability, but bear in mind that the woman had denied what appeared to be the fact, that she was fond of drink, and had been drunk, and had, on more occasions than she admitted, taken drink from the prisoner. He directed their attention, however, to the fact that the accused had started the very next day to make evidence for himself by talking about what he said had taken place. The jury retired at a quarter past 3 o'clock, and were locked up for six hours. At a quarter past 9 o'clock, His Honor sat, and the jury were called in, and in reply to the usual ques tion said they were not able to agree to a verdict. They were accordingly dis charged, Mr Gurner: I presume your Honor wont be desirous that the prisoner should be tried again at the present sitting? His Honor: It is not usual. Mr Gurner: He can be sent to the next Supreme Court sittings at Sale on the 14th December His Honor: Very well. The question of bail was then discussed, Mr Gurner saying that the present bail of one surety of £100 and the prisoner's own of £100 was, considering the gravity of the charge, a small amount, but his Honor stating that provided it was secu rity which the Crown would certainly be able to recover upon, he would consider it sufficient. Mr Gurner said that the prisoner had now no stake in the country—no per manent property. Mr Kirkpatrick said the same security could be given—that of Mr Frank Thompson, one of the witnesses for the Crown. Mr Thompson was then called, but did not answer. His Honor said he would deal with the question of bail in the morning, accused meanwhile remaining in custody. A TIN OF FAT. James Powell was charged with the larceny of a tin of fat. the property o Gen. Tatterson, at Warragul. The following jury was sworn :-F. W. Maddocks, Samuel Shannon, Samuel Tarrant, John Stephenson, Robert Ir. Foard, Joseph Williams, Ambrose Balfe, Wm. Thorburn, W. A. Cox, John D. Smith (foreman), David Robertsbn, M. Dwyer. George Tatterson, butcher at Warragul, deposed that accused had been in his em ployment. Had ascertained that accused had sold a tin of fat and asked him where he got it, to which ihe replied that he did not know. Afterwards he said he got it from Charles M'Neil and had sold it at latclhett's. Stanley Jennings, employed by Mr hlatchett, butcher at Warragul, said ac cused sold him some fat, which Ie said he bought from Charles M'Nell. Chlarles 31'Neil, a boy aged 15, said Ihe sold prisoner one tin of fat, but that be afterwards came to him and said that he had got into trouble, and that if he was asked about it he wanted him to say that he sold him two tins. He did so, but afterwards told the facts. Sergeant Fowler, Warragul, who ar rested the prisoner, said the latter told him he had made up the tin lie sold'of half a tin he bought from II'Neil and some scraps of his own. Accused did not cross-examine or call any witnesses for the defence, but asked the jury to accept the statement which he made on oath in the court below, a copy of whichl was put in. In the statement he again denied the larceny, His Honor, in summing up, pointed out that there was no evidence the fat was stolen or that any fat was stolen. The jury found accused notguilty. THE CHINESE CAMP ROBBnRY. Nauron Singh was indicted for having stolen a sum of £18 10s, In gold and notes, the property of Beer Singh, at the Chinese camp on the 18th July. The following jury was sworn:-Wm. Goodman, Frank George, Wm. Walker, John Greenwood, E. T. Hoskin, John D. Smith, Charles Henderson, A. T. Ray, Robert Jeffries, Albert Montgomery, Winm. Thorburn, Joseph Williams. Mr Garner prosecuted, and Mr Stuart appeared for the defence. Threre were two interpreters-one for the Crown and the other for the defence. Wm. H. Sherrard proved a plan whichl lie had made of the premises in the camp in'which the robbery was said to have taken place. There was a doorway but no door, so that anyone could have access to the premises. Beer Singh was called, and was sworn on a calf. MIr Stuart said that in the court below he was sworn on a glass of water, but that water should be the sacred water of the Ganges. lAir Gurner: MIr Pritchard thinks he should be sworn on a calf, which is the sacred animal of the Hindoos. (Laughter.) The interpreter for the Crown said the form of affirmation which the witness had gone through was binding on his con science. His Honor : I think that will be suffi. cient for us, gentlemen. Beer Singh deposed that he spent the night of the 18th July in the Chinese Camp with Gunnie Khan and Eman All. The prisoner came in that night, and he and Butta ate together, being Hindoos. His money was in two purses in his trousers pockets. After tea he took the money out. Butta Singhl and tie prisoner were then present. There was no one else there then. They asked him how much money he had, and he said £18 10s -9 notes, 7 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 30s in silver. Then he tied the money in his turban and put it on his head. Two or three hours later he went to bed and put the turban on the pillow. Next morning the purses were still in hlis turban. He put It on the bed again and went out to the Chinese tank, about 30 yards away, where he was washing Ilis trousers. After that he did not see the purses. Cross- examined by Ur Stuart: At first he accused Butta Singh of the robbery. Tihe £18 10s was all the money be had except 3d which was in one of his pockets. He had, on rnotler occasion, accused a man at Sale of stealing £4, but be did not go on with the case. Since the rob. bery at the camp, he has not paid for any goods except £4 worth which he had got previously, Gunnie Khan deposed that he was at the hut on Saturday night. He went out after tea, leaving prisoner, Butts Singh, and Beer Singh behind. Did not see his money, and did not know that night that he lhad money. Next morning when he was cooking breakfast prisoner was walk. ing about in the house and outside, and he saw him go Into Beer Singh's bedroom, where he remained for five or ten minutes, and then went out. Butta Singh was then autside at the doorway. After that pri soner went with a billy for milk, and when he was gote Beer Singh went in and cried ou thlat hiis money was gone. Prisoner eame np, and Beer Sitcglt said he and Eman Ali, who had seen hiis money on tise previous night, took it. Prisoner said he had seen his money, but did not take it. No one else went into the room, and If tlhere had witness would lnhave seen them. Tite court adjourned till ttis mning at 10 o'clock. t l sitis mornin 