CYCLISTS AND-QUEER BY-LAWS. We do not know whether Hercules a uplifted his club to slay mosquitoes, but e do know that the City Fathers are t pt tilizing the mighty arm of the law for he purpose of harassing the "fair" as B ell as the "unfair" cyclist. One gentleman" has been fined half a sovereign e C for merely leading his two - wheeled p steed 'across the Park Lands, and J everal ladies have been stopped by policemen and informed that they were offenders against the law because they walked on the footpath alongside— ot perambulators—but bicycles ! This is only one of many actions forbidden to wheelmen and wheelwomen in this much - regulated free city; and to ascertain how easy it is to break the laW of the civic authorities people must study the latest municipal code. This decree was "duly made and passed" by the City Council in September, 1895, but it appears to have been born to be challenged as the sparks fly upward. The late Sir. Ash constantly lay in wait to worry the by-law, and he was notably aided and abetted in this unkind enterprise by Mr. Batchelor. Now we p find the latter gentleman still troubling t&a; soul of the civic potentates. Only the other day a reprint of the rule referred to was laid before Parliament, and Mr. Batchelor has given notice of his intention to move to-morrow in the Assembly that parts of it shall be treated as though good pens and ink and paper and brains had never been employed in their creation. The portions particularly in question concern cyclists causing wheels to revolve within the City of Adelaide. There cannot be any doubt on that point, because it is set forth in the by-law's title. The only justifiable occasion for controversy in this connection would be suggested by enquiry about whom the new rule does not concern. Scientific men have declared that the cyclist will develop certain peculiar physical characteristics in process of time, and the City Fathers have evidently, up-to date men that they are, provided against that time. As will presently appear, they are dealing in advance with a special variety of biped. o A perusal of the by-law demonstrates first that the Councillors] in their reforming zeal are not to be baulked by more linguistic obstacles, as they laconically decree that a bicycle shall mean a tricycle and something else; and if the lexicons disagree with that definition— well, so mach the worse for the lexicons. i i t lcrcfwms w c Next, to prevent any possible misunderstanding, one rule explains that a P "footway" is a place for the use s of " foot"-passengers, and presumably whf2LShptl only human pedestrians—not cows or horses; not perambulators either; nd certainly not bicycles, because if any person " shall drive, ride, or impel, or leave a bicycle upon any footway" he is liable to get into trouble. What is meant by "driving" a bicycle the public are left to discover as s best humble mortals may, but the use ewh of the word " impel" justifies the inference that if a cyclist wants to get her p or his machine along or across a footpath she or he will have to carry it, and if she L or he drops it whilst it i8 being thus W handled she or he must pick it up, or o else give her or his name to a policeman i and half a sovereign .to the city t funds, even if she or he does not Wimbad1wLiIwtsbtswnstmittafbtc smile, look pleasant, saj kind things about the by-law framers, and be thankful that she or he is a Briton. This, however, is only the starting of the worries. The by- law goes on to state with much circumlocution that '"every person who drives," &c.;, "a bicycle" during certain hours at night "shall cany a lamp," but it is also prescribed that this lamp, though carried by him, "shall be attached to snch bicycle," so that clearly it is intended that the man must carry the machine; how else can he carry the lamp ? The only puzzle is how he is to carry the bicycle and at the same time "drive, ride, or impel it." By a strict reading of the by-law we find that "every person" has also "to be so constructed and placed to exhibit a white light ill tie direction in which she or he is proceeding" — a prescription which indicates the solicitude of the City Council to make burning and shining "its of its constituents. Reading another order one notes with satisfaction that the bells which are compulsorily to be worn by bicycles are to be b sgwErDwBtdt "proper bells," as improper tintinabulations would naturally occasion scandals • They are to be supernatural bells, too, ' capable at the will" of the cyclist—not through the pressure of his thumb, but at his mere wish—of. warning pedestrians. Then, just to give the doctors a chance, a cyclist overtaking or passing a vehicle or pedestrian must sound the bell, so that startled folk may hesitate, t dSEKOtC dodge the cyclist, use language, and bring about a collision. Further, the wheelman, most not "scorch," for in all solemnity it is declared that in any part of the city "no person shall ride, drive, or impel" a bicycle at a speed "exceeding eigh%miles an hour." This provision was surely not necessary, considering the present shocking condition of some of the streets under the control of the Corporation of the City. Continuing our scrutiny we find that bicycles must not be left in the street. .Nert—and it is a fine device for a giving additional exercise to the man and woman on wheels — the cyclist overtaking any wagon, cart, or carriage, or beast of burden, must dismount if the animals ridden by equestrians or drawing these vehicles become restive, and "shall continue dismounted" so long as may be "reasonably necessary" to avoid accident! This in a city where a railway train traverses the principal street, and where a steam road-roller is often taken out for an airing to the danger and disgust of cyclists themselves. One might ask why •reasonably" necessary, and commentthat if a thing is "necessary" it can hardly be "unreasonable;" but where the wisdom of by-law-makers is concerned one must not propound puzzling questions. For offending against any of these provisions the penalty is from five shillings to £10, and should the by-law be confinned it must prove a fine dividendpaying bonanza for the City Treasurer, and help to meet the bill for the palaA tial reception-rooms fitted up for the Mayoress. But, as the new dxaconic code of the Council is to be challenged, it would be interesting meanwhile to know whether there is definite authority for enforcing its provisions and inflicting fines. As a specimen of draftsmanship the by-law in question is simply marvellous, and quite a literary curio. As a sample of over-legislation it is worth more serious attention. By all means let the "scorcher" be subdued, but it is preposterous to attempt to control him by the simple process of almost prohibiting cycling. The stern City Fathers should be induced by logic and to make it say what it really means, is comon-sense to recall their by-law so afm not to modify its import so as to bring it into conformity with commonsense. But, if these influences should not move them, a deputation of lady cyclists might interview the Two Graces represented by . Mr. Worsnop and the Mayor. The situation recalls the pathetic lines affecting t the flight of a male cyclist— There was an old man who said, " How Shall I flee from this horrible cow? I will sit on this stile and continue to smile. Which may soften the heart of this cow." Here is a fascinating field of employment or lady cyclists—to "smile" away the wrath of the City Fathers and to soften heir hearts! VICEREGAL VISIT TO PORT PIRIE.—OAR Port Pirie correspondent writes:—"The Mayor, Mr. J. C. Haslam, has been notified that there is a probability of His Excellency Sir Fowell Buxton paying a visit to Port Pirie shortly. His Excellency was invited to attend the opening of the new front to the Institute some time ago,. but as the weather the time of the opening ceremony was oppressively hot he had to decline, promising pay the Port a visit at some future date if The information to hand shows that His Excellency contemplates a trip to in company with the Engineer- in- and his nearness to Port Pirie will him to fulfil the promise he made. The party, under present arrangements, are expected to arrive at Pirie on tha evening of 16, and leave again on the afternoon of July 17, bat an effort is being made to try and His Excellency to make a longer Btay possible, and with this object in view His Worship the Mayor has taken action. Although Port Pirie manifested a great want of in connection with the Record Reign celebrations, it is felt on all sides that the residents will show that their recent inertness cannot be judged as a specimen of their fealty to the Crown, and that the occasion will give them an opportunity of extending a most hearty welcome to Her Majesty's representative." THE COMMONWEALTH BILL BEFORE PARLIA HENT.—The Ministry is desirous that both Houses of Parliament shall this week get to with the Commonwealth Bill of Australia. so that the measure may receive full before the adjourned meeting of the Federal Convention in Sydney on September 2\. Accordingly, the motion to go into Committee on the Bill appears on the Noticepapers for to-day as the first order of Govern ment business. When the Acting Premier, in the Assembly, and the Chief Secretary, in the Legislative Council, have introduced the motion, it is expected that the debate will be carried on for a while. The Acting Premier, proposes to devote a considerable time to the Bill on Tuesdays and Thursdays. INCOMING ENGLISH MAIL.—The Orient line R.M.S. Austral left Albany at 9 p.m. Sunday, and is expected to arrive at Largs Bay at 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening. THE MAIL STEAMERS.—The Orient liner Oru'oa arrived at the Semaphore anchorage on the homeward voyage on Monday morning. She had 9 passengers to land here and 150 en route. Among the passengers for London from Melbourne is Captain Jorgenson, who will bring out a new steamer for the Melbourne Shipping Company. The cargo of the Oruba" includes the usual shipment of produce and specie to the value of £192,381. The R.SLS. Austral is expected from London at 8 o'clock on Wednesday night. ME. H. W. LIANGSFOKD.—The ActmpSeere tary of the Builders and Contractors' Association writes:—"'The members of the Builders and Contractors' Association learn with regret that they are about to loso from amongst them that very congenial and ever-moving spirit, Mr. H. W. Langsford. The Golden West, which has already drawn extensively from the ranks of the Association, is now depriving that body of their energetic Secretary, who has held oince for upwards of five years, an' has been the successful instigator of many 5 enjoyable hours spent by the members. Mr. Lartgsford, having secured a large contract foa city wholesale firm, will proceed with Mrs. Langsford to Western Australia in the mail steamer Oruba on Wednesday next." LARGE COAL SHIPMENTS.—The Broken Hill roprietary Company's wharf at Port Pirie has, ays our correspondent, been kept busy lately ith several large shipments of coal which ave been coming to hand during the past ortnight. The a.s. Kendall Castle brought ,000 tons, the s.s. Ouraka 2,750, the s-fi. arnaoa 1,800, all on account of the Adelaide teamship Company, and the same Company a also the s.s. Thornley, at present in ort, with an additional 2,000 tons. Besides hese vessels the s.s. Era, of Howard Smith's ine, brought her usual cai^go of different conignments. Quick dispatch has been given to ach shipment, in some cases the men having orked day and night. The bulk of the coal as been for the Broken Hill Proprietary Comany and the South Australian Government. THE LATE MESSRS. C. F. WELLS AND G. . JONES.—The funeral of Messrs. C. F. ells and G. L. Jones will, it may be said, onstitute the last act in the tragedy of the ll-fated Calvert Exploring Expedition. Since he receipt of the telegram from. Mr. L. A- ells, Leader of the late Expedition, announcng the finding of the bodies of the missing embers of the party, Mr. A. T. Magarey has een making the neeessary arrangements for public funeral, the date of which has been efinitely fixed for Sunday afternoon, July 8\. The remains of the deceased explorers ill be conveyed from Western Australia to args Bay by the steamer Innamincka, which s due to arrive on Monday or Tuesday next. t is uncertain at present whether the coffins ill be landed at the Semaphore or aken on to Port Adelaide, but they will ubsequently be deposited in a room which is eing specially prepared for their reception at he Jubilee Exhibition Building. A short ervice, conducted by the Rev. Dr. Jefferis, ill be held in the large hall on Sunday afteroon, and it has been arranged that the doors hall be opened at a quarter to 2 and closed at en minutes past 2, in order that everything ay be done quietly and to prevent any rushng for seats during the service, which is timed start at a quarter past 2. At ten minutes o 3 the service will probably be concluded, nd ten minutes later the funeral will leave or the North-road Cemetery. The bodies will e buned in the same grave, which will be wice the usual width, so as to allow the two offins to lie side by side, and not top of one another. There will e in all twenty - four pallbearers, ix for each coffin, at the Exhibition and rave. The pallbearers at the former place ill be representatives of the Civil Service and xploring Expeditions, and at the erave the elatives of the unfortunate men. Archdeacon ove and the Rev. M. Williams, of Rivertoa, ill conduct the burial service. The Police and will head the funeral cortege, and after he gun-carriage will walk the relatives of the eceased, and then will follow the public in he order of precedence. In the procession will probably be, in addition to members of he Civil Service, representatives of eight ifferent exploring parties, viz.: — Start, tuart, MoKinlay, Giles, Gosa, Tietkins. lder, and Calvert. Messrs. Pengelly and nabe, of Rundle-street, are the undertakers. n the arrival of Mr. L- A. Wells at Northerrace he will be met by members of the ouncil of the Royal Geographical Society. A CLEVER RESCUE AT SEA.—On Monday morning, writes our Shipping Reporter, there was a nasty sea on in the outer harbour when the steamlaunch Asteroid left the Marloo for the Semaphore Pier, and just at the Bell Buoy the cry of " Man overboard" startled all hands. In a sudden roll of the launch one of the passengers had been thrown over the lee rail, and when his head was seen away astern, eoxswain ISixon, with excellent skill, at once mmed his helm hard over, bringing his boat, as quickly as possible round to head the man. who was rapidly vanishing from sight. The hands on board were all ready as the launch approached the sinking man, and with a long boathook he was hauled on board in an exhausted condition. His name is Charles W. H. Barnard, and he is in the employ of the Adelaide Steamship Company. Being on boarding service the launch was close to the s.s. Barcoo, whose master, Captain Banks, with that kindness for which he is proverbial, took the drenched victim on board and cared for him on the way to the Port. THE ACCIDENT IN THE HUNTING FIELD.— Mr. Hooper, who had a fall from The Ghost at Saturday's hunt, was taken to Miss Wilson'6 Private Hospital, Norwood, where it was found that be had sustained an internal injury. The patient is, however, doing well, and it is expected that in a fortnight he will be able to leave the hospital. A FATAL RAILWAY ACCIDENT. — A fatal railway accident happened betweeij Croydon and Kilkenny on Monday afternoon. Michael McGee, an employe of the Railway Department, had, with others been pioking up stray railway sleepers. In attempting to get into one of the trucks after it had begun to move he fell off, and before the engine could be stopped the wheels of two trucks had passed over htm. He was immediately conveyed to the Adelaide Hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries. An inquest will be held at the Hospital at 2 o'clock this afternoon. RUFFIANISM: AT THE CENTRAL MARKET.— There was an unusually large gathering —judging from outward appearances the crowd was composed principally of members of the larrikin class—outside the City Police Court building on Monday morning, when John Masters and James Boran had to answer charges of having assaulted P.C. Walsh and Turner while in the execution of their duty at the Central Market on Saturday, July 3. Acting under instructions, the police refused the privilege of witnessing the Court proceedings to the majority of what a prominent gentleman described as "sympathizers with the defendants." Constables Walsh and Turner, who bore marks of having been severely dealt with, the former having a cut under the eye and the latter a black eye, gave evidence regarding the arrest. They said that on the way to the watch house the arrested men continually -urged their companions to attack the two policemen, but their courage failed as they approached the Police Station. Severe sentences were inflicted on both men. Mylss Flynn, for having assaulted Detective Jones, was also fined £10 or in default three months in gaol with hard labour. THE STEAM ROAD-ROLLER.—One of the children of the City Fathers is the steam roadroller, aud it has cansed them no little anxioty in the bringing up. It has had some ailments, and they have beon aitkuded to. The new wheels and shaft have, according to the City Surveyor m a report furnished yesterday, the appearance of being the best ever fitted on the roller, but his opinion of the constitution of the boiler is not so assuring. Itseeinsto be m delicate health, and he is doubtful how long it will last. He does not recommend change of air, but suggests arrangements for a new boiler. Meanwhile the City Fathers are considering how to get off with th<j old lovs before they are on with the new. EXTENSION oir THE DRAINAGE AT HIND- MARSH.—On Monday evening, at the meeting of the Hindmarsh Town Council, Councillor Hourigan stated that the Sanitary Engineer had reported that the deep-drainage system could be extended throughout the town without the erection of a pumping station. It was, he believed, proposed to carry out the work by a plan of grading, and the rating estimated to cover the cost w&s; lid. in the pound. He promised to furnish fuller particulars at the next meeting. Crry COUNCIL QEESTIO-VS. — When the City Council met on Monday one Councillor wanted to bo told whence was obtained the motive power for lighting certain public buildings in King William and Gresham streets on Juoilee night, and was apparently satisfied that the City Fathers had no responsibility in the matter. Another questioner was informed that in 1895 the number of police employed in the city was 116; in 189S, 114; and in 1S97, so far as it has elapsed. 107. SALE OF FURNITURE.—We have been requested to call special attention to Messrs. M. J. Solomon & Co.'s sale at the Exchange-room, Town Hall, to be held this day. The room has been transformed into a beautifully furnished residence, and the furniture and effects are of all the latest designs. They are all to bo absolutely sold. OLD IMPERIAL SOLDIERS. — The arrangements for entertaining the old Imperial soldiers who are in the colony are nearly completed. It> is proposed to have a reception at the Imperial Hotel on July 17, after which the Scotch Pipers' Band and the Military Band will lead the veterans to Government House. "THE NEW LIGHT ON THE OLD TESTA- MENT."—From Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son we have received a reprint of an address on the above subject which the Rev. Edward Taylor gave from the chair of the Congregational Union of Victoria on April 20, 1897. FABKSRS' FUND.—Tbos. Gregory, £1. 