NEWS AND NOTES. Clip. Cricket. Outsider. . Match drawn. A life for a tooth. Who is to be mayor ? A great reformer dead. How much did you lose ? An unsatisfactory finish. A nasty jar for fossil Warren. McPherson too ill to attend parliament. A splendidly useful life suddenly cutoff. Laud Repurchase Bill passed the Assembly. Our railways last week turned in a total of £21,939. Reformatory for girls to be established at Redruth. An epidemic of no-confidence motions in the other colonies. Melbourne Tor-sin calls Syme, of the Age, " The Great I Was." Granny' has failed to get up another Hospital sensation. " He being dead yet speaketh " may truly be said of Henry George. Symons' oratory seems very stilted when he has to read his oration. The backers of Gaulus are gleefully re citing " How we beat the favorite." J. Henniker-Heaton, M.P., of penny postage fame, is visiting Australia. Guthrie has secured some amendments in the Marine Court of Enquiry Bill. Are you sure that your name is on the ratepayers' roll ? If not, see to it at once. If we really are "advancing towards barbarism" whose fault is it, Mr. Warren ? The most unsatisfactory part of the cricket match "was the award of the prize for fielding. Good old Father Blacker keeps liberalism of the right sort well to the fore in his district. \\\ arren says " we are advancing towards barbarism." Speaking of his own class probably. Bob Guthrie wants to secure justice to seamen in connection with the Marine Court of Enquiry. General committee meeting of the Eight Hours Celebration Union on Wednesday November 10. ' Jenks made a rattling good speech at Willunga, and Larry told some effective Iiometruths also. Dr. Ramsay Smith took a dignified and independenc stand at that inquest. Granny did not score offhim. If federation is as dead as the Federation League appears to be its chances of resusci tation are very small. The Ciicket Association, which has done very well out of the oval, want a further slice of the Park Lands. McPherson suffering from jaundice. A fortnight's leave of absence granted, with expressions of regret for the cause. Councillor J. Z. Sellar will deliver a lay sermon on the death of Henry George at the Democratic Club on Sunday evening. An Amending Food and Drugs Bill, to protect the public from buying acctic acid and water under the name of vinegar. The fine of £25 inflicted on the bailiff Rees for forcibly entering the house of Graham at .North Adelaide has been paid. Municipal Single Vote Bill reached the Council. Sammy, one of the greatest plural voters of them all, will tackle it next week. . Labor and true liberalism are really identical, but Labor and the spurious Independent Liberal *' don't know each other. Brookers' Municipal Single Vote Bill ought to have been supported by petition irom every single vote ratepayer m the colony. , _ " ^ot a liberal measure has been put on the Statute Book within the past five or six years without the help of the Labor i. arty. ' Mr. W. G. Coombs, J.P., has been appointed a trustee of the Savings Bank to 1U1 the vacancy caused bv the death of Sir ■Henry Ayers. ^ VVe don't want our subscribers to advance" towards barbarism. What we want them to do is to advance their current year s subscription. People who have a weakness for imported soaps and candles should read the descrin tion of Messrs. W. H. Buiford & Sous' tuctory appearing to-day. The S. A. Cyclist issues an excellent colored supplement in Messrs. Hussey and Gillingham's best style, illustrative of Stoddart's cricketing team. Stand not on the order of your going, but go straight to the nearest post office and get a poptal note for your subscription to The Herald, and don't you forget it. The Labor Party of New South Wales decided to support the Government on the no-confidence motion of Mr. Lyne, which secures a Government majority. The local branch of the great little British Medical Association has saved itself from an asinine action by refusing to expel four of the Hospital medicos from its membership. The Premiers of Natal and Newfoundland, who were present at the jubilee spree, have both lost their seats at the parliamentary general elections of their respective colonies. A New Zealand exchange says that the cost of Premier Seddon's trip to England was £1,750, and to Australia in connection with the Premier's Conference at Hobart, £500. Willie Robinson's suggestion for a system of State fire insurance is about to bear fruit. It is said the Government are pre paring a Bill making provision for State insurance. Ratepayers of "Robe Ward will have an interesting fight.at the municipal elections. All the elite will of course go for the la-di da young man ; all the sensible ratepayers for the other candidate. The result of the recent cricket match clearly shows that George Giffen is still in despensible to South Australia in first-class cricket. Only his tricky bowling could have won the match for South Australia. The market gardeners' picnic yesterday was the biggest thing of the kind ever held in the Southern Hemisphere. Theprocession was nearly two miles long, and many of the vehicles were most artistically decorated. King O'Malley pathetically pleaded with the Assembly on Wednesday not to act like " a midnight school of famished Texas prairie dogs barking at the imaginary ghosts of their departed ancestors." How's that, Phillips ? Brooker and Scherk were the only two members who stood by the Labor Party in their effort to relieve the farmers from Customs taxation and equalize the incidence of the land tax through Mr. Hourigan's motion. Why doesn't Warren ask the Government to check our "advance towards barbarism" by introducing a Bill to limit the brutal power exercised by some of the bum- bailiffs who turn peaceable but poor people out of their houses ? The general meeting of the committee of the Eight Hours Celebration Union is to be held at the Trades Hall 011 Wednesday, November 1<), when the balance- sheet in connection with the late demonstration will be presented. Hourigan's motion for remission of Cus toms duties and recouping the revenue by an additional land values tax was lost on Wednesday by 34 votes to 11. Some day the farmers will discover who were their friends 011 this occasion. Charles Smith, an old man, who was very deaf, killed by the South Line train at Goodwood on Saturday. Verdict—no blame attachable to anyone. But should not some steps be taken to prevent the frequent loss of life at railway crossings 1 The ladies of Narracoorte are giving a social to Mr. A. H. Peake in the Agricultural Hall, Nairacoorte, this evening. Friends from all parts of the district have been invited to attend, including the members for Victoria, Messrs. Morris and Cock. Before the Government do anything in the direction of repurchasing the people's land they should resume all the country now held under miscellaneous lease and not affected by the iniquitous Malcolm cases, and make this land available for legitimate settlement. A parson writes:—"Kindly renew my subscription to The Herakl. 1 have received it regularly, and read it with interest, and at times been able to use some of its contents to advantage. A paragraph did me good service last Sunday evening, when I gave an address on ' Applied Christianity."' The Melbourne Anti-Sweating League has appointed a committee to consider the question of the sweating of clerks in banks and mercantile offices. In South Australia these clerks are too foolish to join hands with the common ranks of Labor, and submit to sweating without a murmur. Patriarch Handyside—"Somepeople deem it wrong to go to a dance, but not to walk home from a tea-meeting with their arms round the waists of girls." Flippant young Homburg—" Whatan experienced old sinner you are." 'Em. Botharejollyintheirway. Oh, no ; this is not one of the King's cuss words. Warren doesn't care a hang for Australia so long as he can make the Colored Immigra tion Bill satisfactory to the British Govern ment, and to himself. We don't care a hang for the opinion of the British Go-eminent or of Warren. What we want is Australia for white men. Warren had better go to China. Do you know what good vinegar is ? It is "an acid liquid obtained by the alcliolicand acctous fermentation of a vegetable juice or infusion, or of a saccharine solution, or by the acetous fermentation of diluted alcohol, and containing not less than 5 per cent, of anhydrous acetic acid." Of course you knew it before. Mr. Morris moved in the Assembly on Wednesday for the expenditure of £4,000 m cutting a drain through the Mount Hope Gap in the South-East, and for the construction of a mile of drain at an added expenditure of £1,000. ' This, he is of opinion, will benefit 160,000 acres of land, while the local district councils will carry out the rest of the work. Debate adjourned. 