The Golden Butterfly. • V A NOVEL, I.—(Continued.) BV WALTER BESAXT AND JAMES RICE PROLOGUE. ' Good, youn^ un!' said Ladds, bringing piece to shoulder. This time ••Grisly roars no more. Ho rolls over. 'He is shot to the heart, and is dead. The other participator in this chaste •oftwo heard the crack of the rifles. 'His senses were growing dazed with ' fear ; he did not stop, he ran on still, but with tremblin-j knees and outstretched hands; and when he came to a heap of shingle and sand—one of those left over from the old surfacemines—he fell headlong on the pile with a cry, and could not rise. The two who shot the bear ran aeross the ground—he lay almost at their feet— to secure their prey. After them, at a leisurely pace, strode John, the servant The greasers stayed behind and laughed. 'Grisly's dead,' said Tommy, pulling out his knife. 'Seak?' 4 No ; skin,' cried tbe younger. ' Let me take his skin. John, we will have 'the beast skinned. You can get some steaks cut. Where is the man ?' They found him lying on liis face, unable to move. ' Now, old man,' said the young fellow cheerfully, • m : ght as well sit up, you know, if you can't stand. Bruin's gjne to the happy hunting grounds.' The man sat up, as desired, and tried to take a comprehensive view of the position Jack handed him a flask, from which he took a long pull. Then he got up, and somewhat ostentatiously began to smooth down the legs of his trousers. lie was a thin man. about five-and- •forty years of age : he wore an irregular and patcliy kind of beard, which flourished exceedingly on certain square half-inches of chin and cheek, and was as thin as grass at Aden on the intervening spaces. He had no boots, but a sort of mocassins, the lightness of which enabled him to show his heels to the bear for so long a time. His trousers rr.ight have been of a rougli tweed, or they m'ght have been black cloth, because grease, many drenchings, the buffetting of years, and the holes into which they were worn, had long deprived them of their original colour and brilliancy. Above the trousers he wore a tattered flannel shirt, the right arm of which, nearly torn to pieces, revealed a tattooed limb, which was strong although thin ; the buttons had lonp ago vanished from the front of the garment; thorns picturesquely replaced them He wore a red-cotton handkerchief round his neck, a round felt hat was 01 hi* head ; this, like the trousers, had lost its pristine colour, and by dint of years and weather, its stiffness too. To prevent the hat from flapping in his eyes, its possessor had pinned it up with thorns in the front. Necessity is the mother of invention : there is nothing morally wrong in the use of thorns where other men. use studs, diamond pins, and such gauds; and the effect is picturesque. The stranger, in fact, was a law unto himself. He had no coat: the rifle of Californian civilisation was missin"; there was no sign of knife or revolver ; and the only encumbrance, if that was ' any, to the lightness of his flight was a small wooden box strapped round tightly, and hanging at his back by means of a steel chain, grown a Lr tie rusty where it did not rub against his neck and shoulders. He ?at up and vinked involuntarily with both eyes. This was the effect of presrnt bewilderment and late fear. Then he looked round him, after, as before explained, a few moments of assiduous leg-smoothing, which, as slated above, looked ostentations, but was really only nervous agitation. Then he rose, and saw Grisly lying in a heap a few yards off. He walked ov< r with a grave face, and looked at him. Wi.G.i Henri Balafre, Hue de Guise, saw Coligny Ijing dead at his feet, he is said—only it is a wicked lie—to have kicked the body of his murdered father's enemy. When Henri III. of France, ten years later, saw Balafre dead at his feet, he did kick the lifeless body, with a wretched joke The king was a cur. My American was not. He stood over Bruin with a look in his eyes which betokened respect for fallen greatness and sympathy with bad luck. Grisly would have been his victor, but for the chance which brought him within reach of a friendly rifle. ' A near thing,' he said ' Since I've been in this doggoned country I've had one or two near things, but this was the nearest.' The greasers stood round the body of the bear, and the English servant was giving directions for skinning the beast. ' And which of you gentlemen.' he went on with a nasal twang more pronounced than before—perhaps with more emphasis on the word 'gentlemen' than was altogether required— ' which of you gentlemen was good enough to shoot this critter ?' The English servant, who was, like his master, Captain Ladds, a man of few words, pointed to the young man, who stood close by with the other leader ot the expedition. The man snatched from the jaws of death took off his shaky thorn beset felt, and solemnly held out his hand. ' Sir,' he said, ' I do not know your name, and you do not know mine. If you did you would net be much happier, because it is not a striking name. If you'll oblige me, sir, by touching that'— he meant his right hand— 4 we shall be brothers. All that's mine shall be yours. I do not ask you, sir, to recipiocate. All that's mine, sir, when I get anything shall be yours. At present, sir, there is nothing; but I've Luck behind me. Shake hands, sir. Once a mouse helped a hon, sir. It's in a book. I am the mouse, sir, and you are the lion. Sir, my name is Gilead P. Beck.' The young man laughed and shook hands with him. ' I only fired the first shot,' he explained. ' My friend here'— ' No ; first shot disabled—hunt finished then—Grisly out of the running. Glad your not clawed—unpleasant to be clawed Young un did it. No thanks. T^ll us where we are.' Mr Gilead P. Beck, catching the spirit of the situation, told them where they were, approximately. ' This,' he said, ' is Patrick's Camp ; at least, it was. The Pioneers of '49 could tell you a gocd deal about Patrick's Camp. It was here that Patrick kept his store. In those old days—they're gone now —if a man wanted to buy a blanket, that article, sir, was put into one scale, and weighed down with gold-dust in the other. Same with a pair of boots ; same with a pound of raisins. Patrick might have died rich, sir, but he didn't —none of the pioneers did—so he died poor ; and died in his boots, too, like rno^t of the lot.' * Not much left of the ca*np' ' No, sir, not much. The mine gave out Then they moved up the hills, where, I conclude, you gentlemen are on your way. Prospecting likely. The new town, called Empire City ought to be an hour or so up the track. I was trying to find my way there when I met with old Grisly. Perhaps if I had left him alone he would have let me alone. Rut I blazed at hirrr, and, sir, I missed him : then he shadowed me. And the old rifle's gone at last.' 1 How long did the chase last ?' ' 1 should say, sir, forty days and forty nights, or near about And you gentlemen air going to Empire City ?' ' We are going anywhere. Perhips, for the present, you had better join us.' II MI! GN.iiAn P. BE:K, parly recovered from <he shock caused to his nerves by the revengeful spirit of the bear, and in no way discomfited by any sense of false shame as to his ragged appearance, marched beside the two Englishmen. It was characteristic of his nationality that he regarded the greasers with contempt, and that he joined the two gentlemen as if he belonged to their grade and social rank. An Englishman picked up in such rags and duds would have shrunk abashed to the rear, or he would have apolo- gised for his tattered condition, or he would have begged for some garments —any garments—to replace his own. Mr Beck has no such feeling. He strode along with a swinging slouch, which cohered the ground as rapidiyas the step of the horses. The wind blew his rags about his long and lean figure as picturesquely as if he were another Autolycus. He was as full of talk as that worthy, nnd as lightsome of spirit, despite the solemn gravity of his face. I once saw a poem—I think in the Spectator — on Artemus Ward, in which the bard apostrophised the light-hearted merriment of the Western American : a very unfortunate thing to say. because the Western American is externally a most serious person, never merry, never witty, but always humorous. Mr. Back was quite grave, though at the moment as happy as that other grave and thoughtful person who has made a name in the literature of humor—Pan urge—when he escaped half-roasted from the Turk's Serai. ' I ought,' he said, 4 to sit down and cry, like the girl on the prairie.' ' Why ought you to cry ?' ' I guess I ought to cry because I've lost my rifle and everything except my Luck" — here he pulled at the steel chain—' in that darned long stern chase.' 'You can easily get a new rifle,' said Jack. ' With dollars,' interrupted Mr. Beck. 'As for them, there's not a dollar left—nary a red cent; only my Luck.' ' And what is your Luck ?' ' That,' said Mr. Beck, ' I will tell you by-and-by. Perhaps it's your Luck, too, young boss,' he added, thinking of a shot as fortunate to himself as William Tell's was to his son. He pulled the box attached to the steel chain round to the front, and looked at it tenderly. It was safe, and he heaved a sigh. The way wound up a valley—a road marked only, as has been said, by deep ruts along its course. Behind the travellets the evening sun was slowly sinking in the west; before them the peaks o f the Sierra lifted their heads, colomed purple in the evening light; and on either hand rose the hill- sides, with their dark foliage in alternate " splashes " of golden light and deepest shade. It wanted but a quarter of an hour to sunset when Mr. Gilead P. Beck pointed to a township which suddenly appeared, lying at their very feet. ' Empire City, I reckon.' A good-sized town of wooden houses. They were all alike, and of the same build as that affected by the architects of doll's houses; that is to say, they were of on; story only, had a door in the middle, and a window on either side. They were so small, also, that they looked veritable dols' houses. There were one or two among them of more pretentious appearance, and of several stories. These were the hotels, billiard saloons, bars, and gambling houses. •It's a place bound to advance, sir,' slid Mr. Beck proudly. 'Empire City, when I first saw it, which is two years ago, was only two years old. It is only in our country that a great city springs up in a day. Empire City will be the Chicago of the West.' ' I see a city,' said Captain Ladds ; • can't see the people.' It was ceatainly curious. There was not a soul in the streets; there was no smoVe from the chimneys ; there were neither carts nor horses ; there was not the least sign of occupation. Mr. Gilead P. Beck whistled. 'AH gone,' he said. 'Guess the city's busted up.' He pushed aside the branches which grew over what had been a path leading to the place, and hurried down. The others followed him, and rode into the town. It was deserted. The doors of the houses were open, and if you looked in you might see the the rough furniture which the late occupants disdained to carry away with them. The two Englishmen dismounted, gave their reins to the servants, and began to look about them. The descendants of Og, king of Bashan, have left their houses in black basalt, dotted about the lava fields of the Hauran, to witness how they lived. In the .outposts of the desert stations, of the East, the Roman soldiers have left their barracks and their baths, their jokes written on the wall, and their names, to show how they passed away the weary hours of garrison duty. So the miners who founded Empire City, and deserted it en masse when the gold gave out, left behind them marks by which future explorers of the rums should know what manner of men once dwelt there. The billiardsaloon stood open, with swinging doors; the table was still there, the balls lay about on the table and the floor 3 the cues stood in the rack; the green cloth, mildewed, covered the table. ' Tommy,' said the yon tiger, ' we will have a game to-night.' The largest building in the place had been an hotel. It had two stories, and was, like the rest of the houses, built of wood, with a verandah along the front. The upper story looked as if it had been recently inhabited; that is, the shutters were not dropping off the hinges, nor were they flapping to and fro in the breeze. But the town was deserted; the evening breeze blew chilly up the vacant streets ; life and sound had gone out of the place. ' I feel cold,' said Jack, looking about him. They went round to toe back of the hotel. Old iron cogwheels lay lusting 011 the ground with remains of pumps. In the heart of the town behind the hotel stretched an open space of ground covered with piles of shingie and intersected with ditches. Mr Beck sat down and adjusted one of the thorns which served as a temporary shirt stad. ' Two years ago,' he said, 4 there were ten thousand miners here; now there isn't one. I thought we should find a choice hotel, with a little monty or po'ter afterwards. Now no one left; nothing but a Chinaman or two.' * How do you know there are Chinamen ?' ' See the stones ?' He pointed to some great boulders, from three to six feet in diameter. Some operation of a mystical kind had been performed upon them, for they were jagged and chipped as if they had been filed and cut into shape by a sculptor who had been once a dentist and still loved his profession. 'The miners picked the bones of those rocks, but they never pick quite clean. Then the Chinamen come and finish off. Gentlemen, it's a special Providence that you picked me up. I don't altogether admire ths way in which that special Providence was played up to in the matter of the bar; but a Christian without a revolver alone aiuong twenty Chinamen' fTe stopped and shrugged his shoulders. ' They'd have got my Luck,' he concluded. 'Chief, I don't like it,' said the younger man. ' It's ghostly. It's a town of dead men. As soon as it is dark the ghosts will rise and walk about—play billiards, I expect, What shall we do ?' 'Hotel,' growled the chief. 'Sleep on floor—sit on chairs—eat off a table.' They entered the hotel. A rr.ost orderly bar: the glasses there; the bright colored bottles: two or three casks of Bourbon whisky; 'he counter : the very dice on the counter with which the bar-keeper used to ' go' the miners for drinks. How things at once so necessary to civilised life and so portable as dice were left behind, it is impossible to explain. Everything was there except the drink. The greasers tried the casks and examined the bottles. Emptiness. A miner may leave behind him the impediments, but the real necessaries of life—rifle, revolver, bowie, and cards —he takes with him. As for the drink, he carries that away too, for greater safety, inside himself. The English servant looked round him and smiled superior, . 'No tap for beer, as usual, sir,' he said. 'These pore Califoruians has much to learn.' Mr Gilead P. Beck locked round mournfully, (To be Continued.) 