Queensland Political Crisis. The natural out-come of the revelations made in the report, on tho past management of the Queens land National Bank was Legislative aotion. The political conscience of the colony is perhaps some ¡ whait scared, but members could not clearly Ig nore the allegations made against public men. : The extraordinary relations between Sir T. M'll :,wraith and thc late general manager of the bank, the conduct of the present Premier and some of his colleagues in 1893 and the peculiar system of supervision pursued by the late directors of the bank all afforded and Invited criticism-and called for explanation. Sir Thomas M'lhyraith b»ing, . still an honorary-member of the Government, the propriety of severing his connection might per ! haps have naturally suggested itself to his col leagues. Apparently it did not, at any rate they took'no initiative. Mr. Glaissey started thc ball a-rolllng by asking the Premier what steps the Government intended to take to set the law in mo tion against those responsible for the state of affaire disclosed by thc committee's report. The reply he received was a bland assuranoe that tho Government would do what they deemed best' in the interest of the country. Of course the Labor leader was not satisfied with that. When the House met on Tuesday he moved a vote of cen sure on the .Government in these words, "That in view of the disclosures contained in the report of the committee appointed to investigate the af fairs of the Queensland National Bauk; no Govern ment of.which Sir Thomas M'lhyraith, Sir HugJh Muir Nelson, ;or tho. Bon. A. H. Barlow are mem bers can have .the.confidence of this House." . Thia brought the Government up with a round turn, and the Premier at once moved the adjournment of the House presumably to prepare the decks for action. The position excited a good- deal of In terest, and - the debate on the follow ing days drew a full house both of members and spectators. It wara riot .an ticipated that the motion of Mr. Glassey's would be carried. There exists too much dread of the Treasury benches falling Into the banda of the Labor party and too great fear of a premature dissolution for such a resolution to stand the ghost of a show. The Labor leader's action forced the -hands of the Government; however. It*drew from them the statement that they intended to take the advice of leading counsel in other colonies as to what legal action should be taken, and that the ?Mends of Slr Thomas M'll wraith purposed com municating; with him with the view of suggesting to him the propriety of resigning his connection with the Government. That waa practically all the debate achieved. Mr. Glassey's motion was negatived by 42 votes to 22, and in its place a resolution moved by Mr. Armstrong to thia effect was carried: "That, in view of the disclosures con tained in tlie report of the committee appointed to Investigate the affairs of the Queensland Na tional Bank, this House, whilst retaining its con fidence In tilue Iftgh't Hon. Slr Hugh Muir Nelson and the Hon. A. H. Barlow dasires to record Its opinion that, pending further inquiries into Sir Thomas M'll wraith's relations with the bank and its late general manager, lt is not desirable that Sir Thomas M'llwraitih should continue to be a member of the Executive Council." So for the present ended the political consequences of the re port of the committee of investigation, so far as the Legislative Assembly were concerned. In-the Council Hon. A. H. Barlow made an explanation in which among other things he contended that the report made by Slr Hugh Nelson and himself in 1893, and by the committee of investigation in 1897. were not wholly irreconcilable. There were very little debate upon the matter, and no member es sayed to demonstrate the contrary. There was %in truth little need. The two reports spoke for themselves. 