GENERAL NEWS. Mount Barker Dairy Produce Com- pany.—The ninth half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Mount Barker Dairy Produce Company, Limited, will be held in the institute committee-room this evening, when the directors' report and balance-sheet will be presented and general business trans acted. Literary Society.—The second meeting of the .Mount Barker Literary and Debating Society was held at the institute on Wed nesday evening, Mr. A. H. Stephenson pre siding over a fair attendance of members. An excellent paper on " How Not to Do It," which dealt with the wholesale butchery of the English language by the majority of modern speakers and writers and contained several capital anecdotes, was read by the Bev. John Warren, to whom a hearty vote of thanks was accorded. Becitations by Mr. E. Murray and Master F. Daw and a reading by the Bev. F. J. Steward concluded the program. Astronomy.—The study of the motions, distances, magnitudes, and various pheno mena of the heavenly bodies is ever a fascin ating one, and the course of lectures to be given in the. Mount Barker Institute by Mr. B. 'W. Chapman, M.A., lecturer on mathe matics and physics' at the Adelaide Uni versity, should be largely attended. Like Professor Bragg's interesting discourses on the electric spark, the present series will be very elementary, and no difficulty will be experienced in following the lecturer, while the illustrations by means of lantern views will assist in simplifying the subject. The first lecture, dealing with the sun, will be given next Wednesday evening. LOCAL ONKAPARINGA LODGE.—A pleas- ing ceremony took place at the usual meet ing Df the Loyal Onkaparinga Lodge,of Odd- fellows at Woodside on Satnrday evening. P.O. E. Marks, who has held the position of Lecture Master for some years, was presented with the emblems of the order on behalf of the lodge by P.G. C. W. Fowler, chairman of trustees. In making the presentation Bro. Fowler referred to the very useful work that had been done by Bro. Marks and -said that great benefit had accrued through his exer tions. The recipient suitably responded. Advantage was taken at the same time to present the financial secretary, Mr. G. F. Lauterbach, with a secretary's sash for con tinuous and good service in his official posi tion, Bro. Lauterbach also responded, and after the usual business of the lodge had. been concluded harmony followed. Northern Crops.—Mr. W. Warren, of Woodside, produce dealer, who has a branch business at Fort Pirie, last week left the latter place on horseback, and as he was riding' a draught horse he did not attempt to break the record. Ample time for observation was given in the three-days' journey. Mr. Warren describes the pros pects for the coming harvest as "simply glorious " in the country through which he passed. He left Krie on Wednesday morn ing and reached Clare the same night, pass ing through Crystal Brook and Eoolonga, having to cross the Rocky River and the Yackamoorundi, both of which were running bankers. In the intervening country there was water everywhere, the dams being full, while the crops looked splendid and in places were nearly a foot high and " as thick as hairs onn cat's back." The country round Clare was very similar to the Onkaparinga dis trict, and coining nearer the Tarlee -eonntry and round the Light the crops were, as good as in the Koolunga diairict. Getting closer x> the city, the wheat looked realty healthy md strong, but was not so forward as that farther north, with the exception of two crops near Tempters. \ Mr. Warren reckons that the balk of the crop^' neater Adelaide will have to be cnt for hay oh account of their being so dirty, owing doubtless to the farmers not being able to wonk the land sufficiently. Death of Another Old Colonist.—A little over three months ago we recorded the death of Mr. John Halstead, of Woodside, and on Friday last his widow passed away in her 75th year. Mrs. Halstead arrived with her husband in the ship Farleigh in 1848, the port of destination being Sydney, but only a few months were spent there when it was decided to proceed to South Australia. Land was taken up at Inverbrackie, and here, in conjunction with his brother (Mr. Thomas Halstead, who survives him) Mr. John Halstead combined the business of farmer and butcher for about 20 years, at the close of which term he removed, to Woodside and devoted himself exclusively to butchering. Mrs. Halstead leaves the fol- lowing children:—Mr. T. Halstead, of Sydney; Mrs. H. Hutchings, of Lobethal; Mrs. T. Pugh, jun., of Balhannah; and the Misses Halstead and Eliza Halstead ; while there are a number of grandchildren. Fatal Accident Near Balhannah.— Mr. George John Attenborough, a promising young man of 20 years, on Saturday last received such injuries from the kick of a horse that death resulted. He was engaged in delivering meat for his father, Mr. George Attenborough, of Charleston, and on calling at Mr. Dyer's met with the fatal accident. As he was going into the house a loose horse got in his road, and he flicked it with the whip so that he could pass. The animal immediately kicked out and sent one hoof through the basket the deceased had on his arm, striking him severely on the stomach. The force of the blow was so great that serious results were feared, and the injured one was at once removed to the residence of his parents at Charleston and the services of Dr. Esau secured, but the yonng man succumbed on Sunday afternoon. General sympathy is being expressed in the district over the sad affair. EDISON'S LATEST.—iidieon s latest idea, on which he is now engaged in making experiments, is the reproduction of theatrical performances without the instrumentality of manager or actor. The great inventor's notion is to so improve the phonograph and the kinetoscope that they will reproduce with absolute fidelity. In the case of the former the chief difficulty was in overcoming the metallic character of the tone of the phonograph and the change of its timbre to that of the human voice, so that all the modulations of the singers and actors could be exactly produced and the synchroniza tion of the phonograph with the kinetoscope reproduction. For this reproduction the stage is entirely cleared, and in the place of the scenery a white sheet is stretched from the flies to the stage. Behind the curtain a number of phonographs, capable of multiply ing sound a hundred times and correspond ing with the number of actors in the cast, is placed. Each of these instruments con tains the part of one of the characters. In the gallery, concealed from the audience, is the kinetoscope, containing some 300,000 to 400,000 photographs, which will be thrown on the sheet at the rate of 48 per second, so that they appear to be eontinnally moving without any interruption. Both the phono graphs and the kinetoscope are to be worked by electricity connected on the same circuit, so that the suiting of the action to the word and the word to the action will be carried out without difficulty. What Was It?—Some time ago Woodside gained notoriety on account of the appear- ance of a ghost which was successfully laid by Mr. T. Meddal, one of the local poets. Mr. J. Hector, of Oakbank, now comes forward and relates an experience he had last Sunday night. Between 7 and o'clock in the evening, as he was on his way from Oakbank to Woodside, accompanied by another man and three boys, his atten tion was called by one of the lads to some thing white lying just inside the fence. in one of Mr. Faust's paddocks. Mr. Hector suggested that they should go and see what it was, and, turning back, they proceeded to the fence, when suddenly the thing dis appeared. The object is described as being f about two or three feet square and as white as the driven snow," and it vanished in the twinkling of an eye. Utterly astounded, Mr. Hector turned to his com panion,- who was equally astonished, and a' move was made np and down the fence to see if it was the effect of a shadow, the possibility of it being something with a string attached to it being scouted, as there was no cover, the situation being at the edge of a ploughed paddock, while the night was bright starlight, with objects clearly visible fully a chain off. Not a breath of wind nor a rustle accompanying the disappearance. Mr. Hector says the matter is a complete mystery to him. but he expresses his inten tion of doing a bid of night hunting in order to solve it. At present some of the ladies of Oakbank object to travel the road at night unless accompanied by a protector. Onkaparinga District Council Wants. —Yesterday morning a deputation consist ing of Sir E. C. Baker, the Hons. A. W. Sandford, J. L. Stirling, and G. McGregor, Ms.L.C., Messrs. W. H. Duncan and E. Caldwell, and Captain Bandell, Ms.P., and Mr. J. Moore, chairman, and Councillors Spoehr, Jenkins, and Kerber, members of the Onkaparinga District Council, and one or two private residents of the same district, waited on the Treasurer and asked that the new Forest Bange-road recently opened by his Excellency the Governorshould be placed on the schedule of main-roads ; that a connec tion of the same road should be completed between Balhannah and Oraidla out of the special vote ; and that assistance should be given for the erection of a bridge over the Onkaparinga at Oakbank. Most of those present spoke, and it was remarked that the Forest Bange-road had been of great benefit to the district, although the connection referred to would considerably enhance its value. The amount required for that work was £120. One .of the party mentioned unofficial!}' that the Onkaparinga Bacing Club would give £100 towards the cost of the bridge if assistance were lent by the Government. The Treasurer said he was willing to have the Forest Bange-road placed on the schedule in the next Boad Bill brought forward by the Government, although he could not promise to do so this session on account of the Commonwealth Bill and other important questions having to be dealt with. As to the other requests, he would have to ask the Onkaparinga Council to stay their hands for the present. Last year they had received over £2000 for the new road, or nearly one-twentieth of the whole road vote of the colony, and he did not see his way clear to give them a further sum for the two works mentioned. On the chairman of the council pressing the claim for the £120 Mr. Holder remarked that,he could not alter his decision and was sur prised at the council coming forward after what they had received in the past. 