?e*sotvat. " I must have liberty Withal, ax Iir^e a oliar.rr its the wind. To Wow on w ho ii I please." Uav li totiiby. the Adelaide johnny who writes novels, is likely to come Australiawards next year. Probably the only w.»y to cure tieorge (liffen's knee is to I'ainlage it with the required hank notes each game. A complete biography of Higinbotliam— he hail previously been deified by "The Bulletin," which booms one man in a century—has at last, heen published. -.Henrv Lawson has resigned the educational hillet into which l.e was hoisted by a benign N.Z. (ioverninent. He has received a good ofler from Metliven and Co., an English firm of nuhlishers for the complete l i^ht to his next ho k. Slab from Cr. Molloy's harangue at the •dee'rtration of tl e poll on Monday night:— " I hope and trust that I will always do nothing in the. future, as I have endeavoured to do in the pist." And this man was reelected unopposed. John Norton, the man of many libel •actions, and formerly editor «f Sydney "Truth" is coming to W.A. It is reported that the "West Australian" lias •offered him a lucrative inducement to come over and write its leaders. Mr. E. J. Rodoreda, one of the defeated •candidates for South Ward, concluded his address at the 'I own Hall 011 Monday niglit by stating that " he felt sure the successful •candidate (M r Mosey) would be an ornament to the City Council." Nasty ! An interesting discovery was wade when some Dervish I oats recently captured in a •Soudan tight were examined. On board was found one of (general Gordon's uniform •cases, marked with his name on the lid, but •empty. It was sent to England to General Gordon's familv- Pursoris, the ex-champion (Vic.) cyclist, was recently operated on by Dr. Ryan, who found th .t the time god of the Vic- torian could not have lived uiore than two years had he stood off the operation. A r it is Parsons is promised go<>d teliahle health with a probable return to his old form. John Hill, the father of Cricketer Clem, is a prominent pillar amongst the Wesleyaus. He takes the plate round at the Pirie- street Church with unerring regularity on Sundays. To see him at a cricketers' reception, leading off " Kor lie's a jolly good fellow," and holding his glass 011 high, you'd neve, take hi in for a Wesleyan. Several prominent Irish residents of the •colony are gQing to the Old Dart early next year to take part in the '98 celebrations. It is estimated ti;at over half-a-million people will journey from America to Irelaud during the ye <r, and ><part from sentiment altogether the amount of cash expended by the returning pilgrims should put new light into the impoverished country. Au English Jolitmy who made a successful debut at the Perth Police Court the •other day, was wont to put on airs at the big hotel', whose precincts he has been adorning of late. Fir*t of all he objected to the barmaids sitting down to meals in the same room with i.iui. Afterwards he eclipsed this effort by grumbling at the presence of the landlord in the dining hall, where his august majesty con^' s -em led to eat. But of such is the Ki ;gdom of Johnnies, doucherknow. The proposed Fisheries Department, it is expected, will BOOK be an established fact. Mr. Lindsay G. Thompson, the expert from New South Wales, has proved himself the very wan for the position of Chief limpBctor, which we understand will be ottered to liim. Although numberless applications have been sent in for clerical appointments, it is probable that nil such appointments will be made from the Lauds Department. Although this new department will be a lisliy one, it will not be a fishy one in the sense that certain municipal councils are. Londoner: fellow V" I sav, old nun, who is that W.A. : "That's 1$ y. He's a sandgroper." Londoner: "Is lie?" W.A. : "Yes. Never been further north than tieraldton, nor further south than Albany. Lived here all his life, and will die here." Londoner: " Well, he'll have the satisfaction anyway of knowing when he is dying that he's been dead all his life." It is perhaps not generally known that the widow of Emperor Maximilian of Mexico is still alive. She is, however, a hopeless invalid, and is ending her days secluded and almost alone in a castle near Brussels. The tragic death of her husband cast a cloud over her mind, and she is for ever mentally dead. Luxury, riches, and tender nursing are hers, but the unhappy lady takes no heed of these things. She is contented only when looking at the pictures iu her saloon that represent the martyred Hapsburger and his wife in the nays of their wedded bliss. She cannot believe that her beloved consort is dead, and calls out his name lovingly in the park. She hurries through the suites of rooms with that name on her lip<, ever forgetting that she has culled these HO years, and called in vain. They never tell her that his body is mouldering in the dark vaults of the Capucitie monks of Vienna,. She would not believe them if they did. Attorney-General Pennefather's lines have fallen in pleasant places. Successful in his first election here ; then Attorney-General; and returned unopposed. In Victoria he generally lost his deposit at the elections. But still he has pluck, grit, ability, and great oratorical powers. In these respects he differs from some of his Swan Breweryeyed confreres. Once iu l endigo he was opposing Lazarus ami Hamilton, and addressed the electors at the town hall on the night before the battle. Eleven hundred voters were present. Carried away bv his wonderful oratory 011 the theme of Federation, the audience rose en masse and held up hands for him. Next day he leceived 150 votes, and lost his deposit. Another time, at Ironbark, an opponent amongst the audience asked, "What have you ever done for Beudigo?" " What have I done!" said Pennefather in tones of thunder. ' "Kor years in the Criminal Court I have saved men like you from getting their.deserts!" Lamentable tale of a Johnny from the East. After a more ornamental than useful career iu Melbourne • upper circles, lie was dumped over here by a fond family to nieke his way in the "cold, cold world. Armed with letters to Government, House and elsewhere, he was lucky enough ta be appointed warden's clerk iu a far-distant goldfields township, where the atmosphere consists mostly of flieB and dust, and thirsts are an unquenchable lire. Thirsf, got the better of poor Johnny, and after several scandalous scenes iu court he was promoted to the position of warden's groom. Miortly afterwards he got the sack, and nfter a varied, — u interesting i m and unprofitable mipiuuuiuie career career he again again found found himself himself steaming steaming up up the the muddy muddy Yarraclad Yarraclnd in in a pair pair of of trousers, trousers, a shir —and nothing else. Since donning new clothes hf line become the lion of the day, and his opinion is < agerly ^onglii by the truculent Eastern press. His' opinion is tliHt W.A is no place for a young nmn ! The celebration of the flOOth A»nivcre/iry of the battle «.f Selkirk has called forth mi excellent, speech by Lord Rosebery, and some approving litt r.< ry com ment, '' There is little buowh, and that iu tne vaguest way, of Wallace's career," writes the "Saturday Review." In the turbulent gloom < f the darkest period of Scotch history, when Scotch nobles were grabbing for* plunder and selling themselves, tlieir people, and one an ither to the English invader, there came out of the darkness and vanished into the darkness a meteoric figure." " His strategical genius and indomitable spirit led his ragged horde to a brilliant and complete victory over the drilled English Army at Stirling Bridge ; for mouths afterwards he shamed and whipped the robber chiefs who were the nobles of Scotland into d s-mblance ^ coherent patriotism ; he sought to I)ting a little order and a little peace into the liberties of his country by alliance with the enemies of the oppressor. His wise plans were soon upset by the individualistic greed of the nobles, and after the disastrous battle of Falkirk to him alone the English flared not give amnesty." Lawyer John Horgan is the repute.! author of the now notorious "Six Families" phrase. Sir John Forrest was only 22 xv'.ien he led an expedition into the interior of the continent to look for lost Leiehardt. Simples of King ()' Mallej's Wild West oratory:—"A man who leaves his whole property to some Church usually does it as a fire insurance on his degraded soul;" and, " I ask the House not to act like midnight,' skulking, famished, Texas prairie dogs, barking at the imaginary ghosts of their departed ancestors." Irwin, the general manager of the Associated Mines, Kalgoorlie, is a native of California, and son of a well-known U.S. mine manager. For many years Mr. Irwin was connected with the Standard Consolidated, Bodie, one of California's largest gold producers. Then he had five years inspecting the U.S. and Mexican mining fields, and in Australia hod control of the Wentwortli, N.S.W.'s one-time boss goldmine. "H" (who is evidently suffering a recovery) writes:—W.A. is a thinly populated country, but there are more liars to the square mile here than elsewhere iu Australia. There is something in the soil, the air, the conditioii» of life, which teud towards the breed of Anauias. Snakejuice, snake-yarns, and snide-shows are the leading characteristics of W.A. They are more prevalent than the proverbial band, sin and sorrow—farther reaching even than the Seven Families. The country lives on humbug. Nearly all its mining shows were floated by experts in the art of lying—and if many have turned out all right it was not THEIR fault. Half the men you meet here are cut off from their past records ; nobody knows or cares who they were, and they fill iu their history as best suits them. " No prophet hath a following iu his own country' 1 is peculiarly applicable to many of our " leading" business men. They wouldn't show their faces in their native villages to save their lives. Take the callow, sentimental youth from the East who lands here with a few illusions and some principle • in six months all are gone, and lie is a sin-soddened and sun- shrivelled hardfaced materialist. He becomes "swift" in the race for wealth, which he fails not to pour down his neck at the earliest opportunity. Mammon is the god of W.A., and Sir John Forrest is his leading apostle. Senorita Cisueros, the young Cuban gir* who recently escaped from the Spaniards is descended from a high Spanish family, and she i-j a niece of the Marquis of Santa Lucia, now President Cisueros of the Cuban Republic. Early in 18116 her father's estates were confissated, and he was deported to the Isle of Pines. His wife did not long survive the shock, aud after her death tint daught r, a beautiful and acco <. pUshed girl of 10. we»t down to share her father's exile i.i the penal colony. Colonel Berris, au adjutant of General Weylc, was military governor of ihe island, and he bccame at onse ittr u:ted by the beauty'of this gill. Her story is that lie forced his way to her room at night, but her cry of alarn attracted attention, aud several people rushed in and bound t'e .Colonel. The troops turned out, ami the Cubans, fearful for their *afety, fled to the woods. They were all eventually captured, and many shot, the girl and her father being taken and brought manacled into Havana, charged with rebellion. For thirteen months this maiden, used to a home.of luxury and refinement, languished in the foul Real Casa de Uecogidas prison in this city, herded with the low- st women criminals. At her trial when. in progress, Colonel Berris claimed that the girl enticed |iim to her room to murder him, aud then raise a rebellion among the prisoners. Many of the leading families in Cuba were ready to testify to her character, but the fiscal asked for twenty years sentence. Melbourne society women have had a sensation in the visit of Lady Imad Nawaz Jung. She was born iu Arabia, and is the daughter of a Hindoo lady and an English officer in the British army, who is now 011 tlie retired list. Her "husband, also of Arabian birth, is a wealthy Hindoo, whose estates are in Hyderabad, "frsccan, and both are touring the'world. The Cup Carnival attracted them to Melbourne, as Imad Nawaz is an owner of racehoi ses and a keen sportsman, (says au Eastern paper). Lady Imad is an exceedingly beautiful and fascinating woman, who IHS charmed Melbourne women with her cleverness in descriptions of her travels, her ideas 011 the woman question in her own aud other countries, her amiability, and last, but not least, with her magnificent collection of jewels. She wears strings of pearls and big emeralds for a headdress, anil her ears are pierced to allow the wearing of. ten ear-rings. Her fingers (the nails stained pink) are covered w«th rubies and diamonds; she wears dozens of magnificent diamond bracelets and armlets. " Her red aud gold slippers ;iro jewelled. She has wide gold anklets studded with diamonds, and her red and gold native dress is embroidered with tiny pearls and diamonds. When she goes out'all tliisjq»l« ndor is hidden under a Syrian punpie "Fobi^ and her pretty face and lov. ly b}i«k kyft " in a white gauze yashmak. ' only spoken to four men in father, brothers, and husband, voyage hi the O "tjfom Co'.om^ nienfife bhe courtesies of rlailv lifeJimo;Ygst first-clqss j^you passengers, mjJc unintentional 'HWajgwR^^Ui 11 who, how^g^^^jp^xp^^f^la traveller to be otranuL/lkalUli. ""Mut-salman religion is strict in the conduct of women, and the lady is sincere iu her observance of its rules, which forhids women to speak to strange men. As both Imad Nawaz, and his wife «peak English more perfectly than many British subjects, they are »ll the more interesting people to meet, and do not travel with their eyes shut. 