An Eight Hours Visitor. EDWARD FIND LEY (Victorian Delegate). Some men write their own epitaphs—this man refuses to do his own eulogy. But he has gone to a rival for a character, and given iui order for an unrestricted supply of marmalade. He said he had c'ied, or lied, for the Cause—the writer forgets which—but since he declines to pay for a good character, this biography, unlike others, shall contain nothing but the truth. Ted Findley is a compositor, a trade unionist, a Socialist, and 33 years of age. Am not certain about his morals, but his energy is undoubted ; and, when you come to know him, he is neither so dangerous as he looks nor so bad as we of the envious would make liim out to be. He has been a member of the Melbourne Typographical Society for about fifteen years and, for some unaccountable reason, most men like him. Chained up to night work, he was unable to take a prominent part in trade unionist affairs until 1892. In that year the morning daily on which he had been engaged for ten years gave up the ghost, and gave him his opportunity. He got employment on theEveniixjHerald, where he had the advantage of "nights off." So in '92, just as the bottom fell out of the boom; just as Labor in politics had appeared upon the scene ; Findley lost his character as a respectable citizen and began to bubble upon the surface of agi tation. He was elected to represent his union on the Trades Hall Council, and in 1895 the council elected him vice-presi dent. Last year he was elected president, also president by the Eight Hours Com mittee, president by the Political Labor Party, and he was elected to represent the trades at both the Adelaide and Sydney eight hours demonstrations. When the centre of the Australasian Typographical Union was removed from Sydney to Melbourne this year he was unanimously eleeted president. In short, there is nothing in connection with the working class movement in the City of Melbourne but what Fitidley is in it endeavoring to make it a success ; and whatever honors may be conferred upon him he bears with a pinky blush becoming <to his modesty. Findley also takes a great interest in tech nical education, and is an active membei on the council of the Working Men's College. Just now he is helping to bring out a new Labor paper, and cannot be got to talk of anything else. - He lias Tocsin on the brain and will never be himself again until lie hears the first ring of the Tocsin, which is to go oh ringing, until it has called in that new. order of relations between man, where the agitator, like the weary, will stop and take a rest. We want more men- in parliament who know from personal txpeiiei'Ce what poverty means; what th« cry of the little hungry children sounds like ; what the unhappuiess of constant contact with tlie drab life of the very poor feels like. You want in parlia ment men who have suffered, aiui who have been purified by that suffering; men with keen brains loyal hearts, and willing hands. Some day, perhaps, our friend the HriUali workman will beuin to realize this.—Clarion. If you want really {rood Bread, send your addresstoC.Eldridge.Blackbum-st., City. 95 