Book HL— The ' Woman. (THE STORY AS TOLD BY 3IKS. CARRUTH.) ? CHAPTER XXI. To have fallen out of an express train going at full speed! I have had some strange ex periences, for a mere woman. But this, I think, beats alL And to owe it to Thomas Tenaam! I will be even with him yet. I went down to Brighton to spend the Sun day with Lettice Enderby— she was acting at the theatre there. I found her not feeling very well. We spent the day alone together. After dinner I ihad to make a rush for the train. Who should I find myself ehut in with as soon as the train had started, but Tommy Tennant. It was years and years since we had seen each other. And all the world had happened since we had. But, so far as personal ap pearance was concerned, he had not changed a bit. He was still the same jack-pudding sort of little man, with round eyes and rosy cheeks. I knew him at sight What was queerer, he knew me. I take that as a com pliment. I flatter myself that I have not changed, except for the better, since those days of long ago. Tommy's prompt recogni tion was the best testknony to the truth of this fact I could possibly have had. -ajtnougn more than seas divided us; and never was a past more dead than his and mine, at the sight of Tommy all my old grudge against him came back again. Per haps the glass or two of wine I had had with Lettice might have had something to do with it, but directly I saw him I flew into a rage. Tommy Tennant always has been the ideal man I hate. Give me them good or give me them bad, but do give me them one or the other. The irresolute, backboneless, jelly like sort of man is beyond endurance. If Thomas 'Tennant ever had a backbone he lost it in his cradle! He always used to be afraid of me. In that respect, as in the others, I found lie had not changed. He was frightened half out of his life directly he saw who it was. When I began talking to him he started shivering— literally shivering— in a way which made me wild. I do like a man who can hold his own. Talk about conscience making cow ards of us all; I like .the man of whom no thing can make a coward. He got into such a state of mortal terror that he actually tried to steal out of the carriage and escape from me while the train was going, for all I know, perhaps fifty miles an hour. That was how the trouble all began. It would have spoiled the sport to have let him go, so I tried to stop him. He had opened the carriage door, and in endeavoring to pre vent his going out, I went out instead. That is the simple truth. There never was a more astonished woman. I doubt if there ever was one with so much reason for astonishment. How it happened, or exactly what happened, I do not know. There was not time enough to clearly under stand. I discovered that I was standing up on nothing, and then that I was flying back wards through the air. After that I suppose I lost my seven senses. I could not, however, have lost them for long. Perhaps for not more than a minute or so. When I came to I opened my eyes, and looking up saw that the * moon was shining in the sky overhead and that it was almost as light as day. I wondered where I was, and whether the end of the world had come. I found that r was lying among a group of bushes on what seemed a sloping bank, and that something very like a miracle had taken place. Falling out of the train while it was rushing along the top of an embankment, I must have gone, backwards, into a bush, which while it had let me through, had suf ficed to break my falL I must have rolled down the bank, until I was stopped by the clump of bushes amidst which I found my self. The miracle was that I was unhurt. I was a trifle shaken and a trifle dazed. But not a bone was broken, and I felt that, so far as material .damage was concerned, I could get up when I cholSe and walk off, practically as if nothing had occurred. But I was a trifle dazed, and it was some moments before my senses quite returned to me. What hastened their return was the fact of my hearing footsteps. I listened. Somebody was walking, and not very far off either. The person, whoever it was, seemed to be quite close at hand. I did not know whereabouts I might be lying. 1 was only aware that I was somewhere between Brigh ton and London. I had no notion how far j I might be from a station or a town. It struck me that it would be just as well that I should discover who the pedestrian might chance to be. As I was about to rise, with the intention of prospecting, something heavy falling among the bushes almost on top of me start led me half out of my wits. I sprang to my feet. At the bottom of the bank on the other side of a fence which formed a boundary between the railway and the country beyond, a man stood, staring at me in the moonlight. He was tall, and he wore a long black over coat and a billycock hat; even then, and in that light, I could see he was a gentleman. But it was the look which was on his face which took me aback. I never saw such a look on a. man's face before. He stared at me as if he was staring at a ghost. And just as I was about to accost him, and to re quest his assistance, at least to the extent of informing me as to my whereabouts, leaping right round, he began to tear across the moonlit field as if Satan was at his heels. I was going to call and beg him not to leave me, a stranger in the land, alone in the lurch like that, when I was reminded of the some thing which had fallen among the bushes, and which had first made me conscious of his presence, by kicking against something which felt soft and yielding, and which was lying on the ground. I stooped down to see what it was. 'Sakes alive! It's a woman!' It was; a young woman — and she was dead. No wonder he had stared at me as if he had been staring at a ghost. No wonder, as he saw me looking at him from among the bushes, that he had thought that the victim of his handiwork had risen from the dead to look again upon his face. No wonder he had torn for his life. across the grass, feeling that she was at his heels. I seemed to be in for a pretty thing. I have looked upon dead folk many a time; yes, upon not a few who have come to their death by 'accident.' I have lived in parts \- of the world in which life is not held so sa cred as it is in England; where not such a i-USS is maue eveij liujc me uuciur is lure stalled — where the doctor is not the only indi vidual Who is licensed to kill; where men shoot now and then at sight, and, when they are pushed to it, women too. I know a girl— ! and liked her— who^ shot a man who had in sulted her in New Orleans, and left frim on the sidewalk. Nobody said a word. She is married now to a rich man, and to a good man, as good men go, and she has a family, j and she is highly esteemed. In England that ! seems odd, but I suppose the fact is that when one is in Home one does as the Romans do, and that is all about it. And at that moment I happened to be in England, and I made up my mind there and then that, if I could help it, I would have no finger in the pie. I had no desire to go into the witness-box— I would almost as soon have gone into the dock. Cross- examining counsel have a knack of making mincemeat of a witness. Things come out— the things which one would much rather did not come out. I had not returned to England, a widow, with my big, pile, with the intention of coming such a cropper at the outset. Ra ther than be mixed up in such a mess, I would almost sooner take my passage in the first steamer back to the States, and, count the ties out West again. (To be continued.) 