SWIMMING AND CYCLING. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, September 10. 1897. The great professional swimming match be- <*> tween Ernest Cavill and Joseph Nuttall, which took place in the Doncaster public swimming bath on Wednesday evening, turned out, like most of these much-boomed affairs, a bitter ( disappointment to all who took the trouble to . I jo down to the northern town to witness it. : j They at least expected a good race with | J Nuttall on top at the finish, bnt instead the; , bad a procession for half of the distance and a |, Dne-nian exhibition for the rest. To put the 11 matter m a nutshell Cavill was a beaten man j > before a quarter of the arranged journey had been accomplished, and seeing the hopelessness of his task got out of the water after traver sing rather more than 270 yards. The race—if I may so miscall it—proved nothing with regard to Cavill and cannot be taken as a fair test of bis real Abilities. He was not exactly ill or even unwell, but he was certainly not in his tip-top form, having suffered considerably from colds during the past few weeks. In regard to Nuttall the swim proved one thing. He ia fit and well, still a marvellously fast man, bat we are no nearer to a correct estimate of his.utmost capacity than Wb were four years ago, when he walked away from the American, McCnsker, and knocked the mile record into smithereens. The Doncaster Bath, not a particularly good one from the "gate" point of view, was crowded on Wednesday night with the sup porters of every branch of sport—racing men. owners, trainers, jockeys, and bookmakers— predominating.. The bookies, of course, camo to do business if possible, bat as a matter of fact speculation on the race was not indulged in to any extent. What money was forthcoming was all for Nuttall, and those who backed the Englishman were required to lay Stol on their fancy. Nuttall himself offered to bet Cavill "the gate" that he won, but Ernest declined to risk his share of the admission fees. The bath when finally measured on Monday had proved to be U0 yards 1 foot in length, so the men having mutually agreed to swim 17 lengths in order to obviate the use of a pole had to negotiate 515 yards 2 fees, instead of the 500 yards for which the match was originally made. To prevent all chance of fouling a rope was fixed down the centre of the bath. Nuttall won the toss for choice of sides and naturally selected the right hand, which in the event of a close finish would give him the advantage of seeing his opponent in the final length. Precisely at 9 o'clock' Mr. R. Watson sent the men away. Nuttall was very smart off the mark and had the best of the plunge. He rose slightly ahead of Cavill and getting quickly into his stroke at once began to draw away. At the end of the first length (IS sec.) he was two yards to the good. Going well within himself Nuttall drew farther and farther away. At tint end of the second stretch (39i sec) he was three yards to the good, at the third 1 mm. 1 sec) a yard more, and by the time he had negotiated tour in 1 mm. 25 he was leading Cavill by a good half-dozen yards. The Australian had swum fairly well up to this point, but then began to labor, and the leader increased his advantage so rapidly that at the end of the eighth length there was a gap of nearly 20 yards between the competitors. In the tenth length, which Nuttall completed in 3 mm. 53 sec, Cavill retired, he being then close upon a length of the bath to the bad. Nuttall went on in a comfortable fashion, but continued to get through the water at a great pace. At the end of the fifteenth length he was timed 6 mm. 1 sec. and in the seventeenth passed the 500 yards mark in 6 mm. 3SJ sec, thus beating bis own record of 6 mm. 431 sec made at Lambeth in 1890\. He completed the full journey in 6 mm. 50 sec Had Nnttall been pressed there can be little doubt but that he could have done much I better than this, but after the fourth length he made no particular effort to improve bis position in relation to his pursuer. How I fresh he was at the end of his journey may to I a certain extent be gauged by the fact that he swam the final 30J yards in 23}' sec. London, September 17.1897. When Tom Sullivan made his match with Sam Emmett, of Wandsworth, to row over the Thames championship course for £50 a side many waterside experts voted the match a bad one lor the ex-champion. He, as you already know, bound himself down to use bis rowing gig " Young Tom," a two-year-old craft, upon wbich be was not to put a new akin. Emmett, on the other hand, was at ?berty to get the finest specimen of a best-and-best boat money could buy. These conditions were held by the quidnuncs of Putney to handicap Sul livan to the extent of one minute at least over the championship course. This in itself, however, would Dot have prejudiced Tom's cbancu of Buccess much in their opinion if they had not held the idea that the ex champion was a- speedy non-stayer—as fast a man as could be. found up to a couple of miles, but a "bad 'un** beyond that distance. The cause of this notion being prevalent was of course tbe double defeat Sullivan suffered at the hands of "Wag" Harding. But the Sul livan who stepped into his gig on Monday last was a very different bring to the Sullivan who lost the championship to Harding. In neither of the championship races was the New Zealandor in tip-top condition, but on Monday Tom was, though what ia com monly called "a bit above himself," as strong as a bull and fit to race for bis life. He rowed at 12 st. 4 lb., exactly a stone more than his weight when beaten by Harding two years ago. The race docs not need minute description. Sullivan won the toss and chose the Middle sex shore, the berth giving him shelter from the wind for the first naif mile. Itwas3o'olock when the men took up their respective stations, and ? they lost little time in getting away on their long journey, only one false start being indulged in. At the second attempt the competitors shot away together, bat Sullivan took his sculls through the water much the quicker. His first dozen strokes were made at the rate of 40 to the minute, and he fairly made hia gig jump over the water. The result was Tom had gained a length before Emmett fairly realised that the race had begun. Sullivan having secured the lead slackened his rate of striking, and Kmmet&j; in answer to his supporters* shouts, began to draw up a trifle. But it was only on sufferance, for the ex - champion, settling down to a long, strong, and clear 28 gait, began to draw away again, and at the Craven Steps (2 mm. 57 sec) was two lengths clear. At the milepost (4 """ 59 aec) Sullivan had added four more lengths, and when be shot Hammersmith-bridge his pursuer was fully 10 lengths behind. By this time it became apparent that Emmett hadn't the ghost of a show, for Sullivan was rowing very quietly and yet making his craft travel if any thing a trifle faster than Emmett. The latter worried along in a plucky fashion, and at Barnes-bridge, which Sullivan reached in 19 mm. 2 see. after starting, was plugging away as though his opponent was alongside instead of 10 or 11 lengths ahead. Pursuing tbe even tenor of his way, Sullivan passed tbe winning-post 18 aec in advance of Emmett, having negotiated the entire journey in 22 mm. 35sec—very good time indeed considering he was not pressed at any part of the race. A fast tide materially helped the men, and the New Zealander, though too far ahead of his cutter to be able to receive instructions from his pilot, steered a splendid course throughout and took full ad vantaee of the tide. His victory was ex tremely popular all down the river. On Monday evening the Australian swimmers Jack Hellings and V. Lindberg, of the East Sydney Club, were among the competitors in a 90 yards Limited Invitation Handicap, promoted by the Zephyr Club as the ** tit-bit' of their annual entertainment. The prizes for this event were found by that " whole-souled sportsman" Mr. A. F. Calvert, who prior to the race presented the two Australians with gold medals to commemorate their visit to tbe old country. Tbe handicap was framed from Hellings and he was called upon to concede up to 11 sec The limit man was Hildred, of York S-CL, and on the 10 sec mark were Stoner, of tlie People's Palace, and Collev, of the York 9.C., who had a second's advantage over W. J. Stratum (New Zealand. 220 yards champion); and Klaften berges (of the Marciana) and Brickett (York S.C.). On the 8 mark were Kegan (of the Leander), W. Henry (of the Lifesaving Society), Billy Hawes (of the City of West minster), and Gouah (of the Zephyrs). Lind berg was given 7 sec, as was Burt (of tbe City of Westminster) to Logan and Akens (of the Leander). Hellings was called upon to con cede 5 sec. The New South Wales crack won the first heat by a touch from Stoner, ha time being 56sec "dead." Th? second heat fell to Henry, who beat Stratton rather easily by half a yard ; and the third fell to Lindberg, who beat Akers by a yard, the time of these heats being respectively 6C* and 66sec In the nnal heat Henry was caught by Lindberg at the end of 00 yards, bnt the Australian made a wretched turn and lost a clear yard. This be just failed to make up in the home stretch ; the Lifesaving Society's secretary won by a touch. Helhngs meanwhile bad caught and passed the rest and gained third place a yard and a half behind his fellow-countryman. The time of the beat was again 66, sd to win Hellings would have bad to notch a fraction better than 55. Last evening Hellings and Lindberj were the "stars" of the Cricketers' S.C. gala, and were once again engaged in a special handicap over two lengths of the Homsey-road Baths— 88 yards, to wit. Their opponents included Henry 5 aec, Stratton 8. Logan a. and Akers 5\. Lindberg, who bad 5 aec from his fellow countryman, won the first heat easily from Henry, doing 59| sec for the distance, but Stratton beat HeUinga in the second. In the final Lindberg beat the watch at starting and ought to have been disqualified. He won comfortably from Stratton, with TTw?inpi Jbnftjaifeawar tiart. JUndbsjafr tfmsia-, given m 58} m, bat he certainly started ? second before his time, HeUiaas in his baa* did 65 sec. "dead." C. F. Barden, the cyclist, left for Austraba. this week. He intends competing in same of ' the bis Antipodean spring sad rammer cycling * fixtures. a I "Walry" Kerr, the Australian amateur 5 cyclist, was one of the party oi riders which J has just returned to Khc.Utw? after what U J called the "Scandinavian fortnight" A party { of English cyclists has for the past four years J . taken a ran over to Scandinavia and competed <in a round of cycling meetings in Norway. * [Sweden, and Denmark. The trip a looked ' upon as much in the light of an excursion as anything else, the cyclist* being royally ' entertained. Posaibly the fact that this year ' I the English amateurs won nothing is partly ' j attributable to the hospitality they received. It is true the "pros" scored in their events, ' bat they could hardly help doing so, v they ! met with no competition, professional cycling j not being popular. It is one of the moat ] singular things about cycling in Sweden that in ' amateur aparts meetings a totalizator is open ' on every event. It is the 10 per cent, which ' goes to the dab oi all money that puses ' through the maohine that makes the meetinn pay handsomely. _ A sensation in cycling circles was produced \ last week by the is?ue by the Dunlop Company of a circular to all agents asking them to enter ' into agreements not to fit or sell any tires not Dunlop, Clincher, or Warwick. An induce ment was offered dealers in the form of a bonus of 2s. Gd. on every machine sold. This method of trying to corner the market on the part of a powerful company met with a strong protest ail round, and the circular has, I believe, been withdrawn. It U not so very long ago since it was a popular theme of argument in sporting circles whether the bicycle would, ever do as fast times over short distances as the thoroughbred. The argument now is when will the record for a mile by cut down to a minute. Stoeka's attempt on the mile record from a flying atari last week was a wonderful performance, and in knocking two seconds off Platt- Betfs beat, and lowering the time to 1 mm. 35} sec this rider has brought us bo much nearer to the mile a minute speed. Stocks on the Crystal Faiace track last Saturday lowered also the mile record from a standing start by 1} sec. His time was 1 mm. 44 see. Cjclephobia has shown itself in many direc tions, bnt in none more unexpected than in a case which came to tight hut week. In a report to the councillors of the Onndle ratal district the medical officer gravely assured that body that he was of opinion that mnch of the infections disease prevalent was due" to cyclists passing: from one village to another. He gave no suggestion as to how the trouble might be overcome, but it will be surprising if the truly rural body to whom the medical officer made this astonishing statement does not have a warm discussion shortly on the question—"Shall cyclists who enter Onndle be compulsorily disinfected!" There is little left in the way of novel cycle records for the aspirant for fame to originate. One of the last opening* of thit sort has been snapped up by a oycHng tostmctor, who recently accomplished the feat,of riding four miles backwards in 40 minutes. There are no other wheel-worlds to conquer, I lhouldsay, except the instructor does it. sideways. It isn't reported if the "backwardation" pro fessor was summoned for furious riding. If he wasn't the police missed a golden opportunity. From the other side of the "herring pond" comes the announcement that the Boston club is offering a £1.000 cash prize for a one hour paced race. It ia hoped that the offers of this record first prize will attract such riders as Stocks and Ifuret. One condition of entrance ia that the competitors deposit £100 as a guarantee that they will pat m an appearance and ride. The fee ia to be returned after the race. Jacquelin, the famous French rider, com pletes his military term in a fortnight's time, and will then go into training for aGO kilo metre paced match against Hares, which eventuates on October 17. 