JV«tes by Itab. 'There's a.chiol amangat^ tattia* ^6tes, and ► faitU he'll prent 'em-? ???'- 1 ' ' ^ At Broken Hill the other day, two boys, with imaginations fired by too much reading of Captain Diok, daring despor adoos of Yellow 'Mountains class of penny novels, set op on their own ac count to do deeds of daring odvonturo. After breaking into a store and stealing firoarni3 and cash tho real boy assorted itself, and Choy were captured through over-indulgenca in lollioc. An interview with tho police and a flogging from their uuimuymmivo parenta tauglit tnam that ?' Lifo wao real, lifo woo oarnoot, and thingo aro not r/hat they Beom' in ponny novela. Thioincidont is only an illustra tion of abnormal imitativonoos in young otaro, stimulated by bad literature. o a ' Men aud women aro but children of largor growth ' has boon obsaryed by ono who know what ho waa talking about, for it hao been noticed by students of criminology that coon after tho daily proso givo unduo prominoaco to one clcso of crimo an epidemic ofthofi deacription of crime breatta out . Thoro ia the same inotinct to imitate in old as in young. Ho must bo cold blooded tlirvt no Iiteraturo can^ affect; thereforo, it io vzico to sot up a high otandard of cuthoro in fiction. and narrative at firot, atto? wbtch all otlrara will bo judged aa thoy 2all chort of that standard. . Cortain poreono road, ghost stories until thoy .' ceo ghoatc. Simplo girls road . ctorioo of tho London- Jouvnol type, and end by imagining- qvery* tailor'3 block a yontloman, and every cad' a hero. Tho Turk, by continually read ing tho Koran, when dying on the battlo field Gssa hourio -with, hio dying oyeo. And whon thoso Bard-hoadcd, floiaruiined men, over ready to lay down their Iive3 in dofenca of their principles, tha Puritan and Covenanter, by constant studying of tholivea of Old Testament heroes;had their stem minds eo warped thri they identified thomeolveo with their : heroes, and aleo saw vioions of opiritualthinga, how much more eo men of oof tor mould. ? ? v . ?-....-,?.,, Eambler awoko, after a ois montho' opoll, and told uti. all about a, dream ho had lately. It appears; that ho bed bora reading the £atsfc Dayo of Pompeii and Looking. Baekvyarda, and~ coinohoW 'got them tangled up in hia memory v-ith a letter in thio paper predicting a .volcanic eruption near Deiogato, In trying to straightan tho tanglo, out again ..ha'^foll into a stupor, and \7hen awakening tho brain cello releansd other impresqiona concerning Orpheus, and othera who would be affected if the Wag's lcttor should only bsanofher proof that ' many a true word io epoL-en in jeot.' Thenjaa in a kaledioacope odd pieces of glaoa thrown together e/S random form a pic turej so tho idea's floating around in lively imagination- arranged thenisalvon. the, result being the dream, which tronblea him so much that he aaks uo ' might it not, like Arbacea' dream, ba a forecasfc of what io co be P' Ifc might, or it might be the result of indigestion. It may °co that '? Rambler' ia gifted with the We sensa of second oight peculiar to Scottish seers ; or, again, lilt©' Tarn O'Shanter, ha might have had them bad. Again, ao Rory O'More interprets dreams, it may go by contraries, you know. Anyway, al though, like Nebuchadnezzar, he 'ia troubled with visiono, ho io not likely to find 'a Daniol to -come -to. judgment.'' Perhaps comeone who balievea in dreams may send Napoleon'a Book of Fato al'oug to eaEia ' Rambler'a ' mind. .If that. wIgo person who first stetod sue saying tuat; He who mokes two blades of graao grow where only one grew be foro has done some gocJii/had lived in a shoep-growing districfe, he would have' added, and makes wool more valuable. We think of wool and grass together, regarding the sheep ca a aort of factory to convert tho graon into wool. If moro valuable wool can, ba grown upon each cheap it naturally means more money pen acra to. receive by all interested!, And when all this hap beon dou'o, and' more, by proving that tho oheop itBelf can bo improved for export purpoafia, tho . great eo6 Qooi to the pactoral -industry hao beon done., This boing go, 'the -'g-ailelosa outoidor v/oold imegino wo would tabko a fuco ovor tho man who hao dono thio. Not a bit of it. You soo ho has dono como good, and wo don't take much otoel: of that tort of moa. Had ho lain on Mo baok aud- tc^ed thoao 1331b ohoop of hia up in the ol? with hia foot longor than any other win end got a prko for it, os had he won a champion prize 'against all comers, for getting a bike half a second quicker over a distance, or endurance in walking a number of miles around a circle, or polling a skiff through tho water quioker than anyone else, or any other utterly useless thing, instead of adding to the wealth of tho country, and sponding a lot of money to work out problems in tho laws of horcdity and evolution to the satisfaction of now chums who boast of their btuo-bloodod ancoators front whom they have degener ated, tli'on Wo would havo enthused a bit. And' if instead of worrying hio brains for tho benefit of other breedoro moro than himcolf ho Jfaad hold our end up in a talking match for a ;2300 a year billot for liimoolf and tho letters M.P., tho town would hove had a deliriouo fit of drinking and given Mm a banquot. 