IN THE APACIIE PASS. " Take a sight on that crow, sor, an* then look vertically dona to where (lie gray moun tains fringe the horizon, an' ye'll see Apache Pass. It's but a ilim black line, ns ye'll note. P'raps ye may not see it lit all. Put I can sec it, sor, an' there's never a tiine, even in the hlacke.it uight, wheu I cannot. For I, sor, am the only Rurvivor of ' K ' Troop of our regiment that was wiped out there, barrin' me, of course, by the Apaches in "G8." " Yes, I've heard about thut," I nnswercd. " Most every ouo has," said the sergeant, sontentiously. " But Pll tell you a story about that fight, sor, that Pve never told to mortal man before-an' Pve never told it before because it has always seemed to me liko a secret that was known only to God an* me, poor siuner that I am. But Pin growing old, au' as till the parties to it but myself are dead an' almost forgotten, I'll toll it to you, whilo I rest a. bit." l'he old sergeant stopped hoeing potatoes, lit his pipe and sat down on au empty cracker box. He was " the character " of the post, and of tbo regiment lor that matter, A soldier in the " old army," before the lato war, he had fought throughout the Rebellion, and had served afterwards on the plains until ago had rendered him almost useless and had compelled his retirement on a pension. It had been pro posed to send him to a " soldier's homo," but " tliim places,'' he would say, when the project ?was discttsscd, " is for the volunteers, not for the regulars. I'm going to stay with the regi ment, which is ine fnthcr an' me mother an' me wife an' childer an' all I have io the world. The old troop needs a gard'ner an' I can be that for many a year. With yez I'll stay, till je (ire a volley over mo last bunk." An . i« he did. " As X said before," resumed the sergeaut, " it was in '68, an' tho Apaches owned the earth, or at least this God-fotsaken part of it, an' the way they carried on was outrageous, It wasn't an ' outbroaU,' as they say nowadays. They was simply always ' out.' You could travel a hundred miles without seeing a one of them, if they didn't want to be seen. An' yet, most every step of the way, if yo'd happen to I'ruw a stone to the right or left of the line of march, ye'd come protty near to hiltiu' one of the fiends. " Well, ' K ' troop, an I in it, was movin' south with the intention of locatin' a post down on the Mexican frontier. We weren't huntin' Apaches. There was 110 need of that in those days. They did the huntin'. On the con thrury we kept our eyes peeled pretty well, both day on' night, for wo had with us the captain's young wife, as pretty a creature as ever smiled uudor tho blue heavens, SOT. Captain Hemm ing had married her about a year alter the wur ended an' the honeymoon had lasted up to that time. That was the reason she w«s with us, for it was not known how many months or years it would be before we got back, an' she and tho captain couldn't stand a separation of any such length as that promised to be. " Next to tho captain an' his wife.in tho love of tho -non, was the firnt lootinint, Thatcher was bis name an' a brave officer an' triio gentle nun ho was nor. An' thoy were the only officers wo had with us. for our second lootiuint had been promoted into another troop an' we »ero waiting for a youngster to be sent to us from the factory at West Point. Hemming a Thatcher was officers of the old kind, by which I mean they was bosom friends, not quarrcliu' enemies like most uf 'em is to-day, sar, askin' yer pardon. They was like brothers an' Mrs. Hemming was like a sister to the Qrst lootinint. An' I am proud to say I was in it, too, in a way; for I was orderly sergeant of the troop an' enjoyed the confidence of both my officers an', I make bold to say, the kindly regard of the captain's wife. *' To continue, sor ; with three or four scouts in advance an' a small rear guard of a couple of files, a quarter of a mile behind the pack train, we journeyed along to our fate-which was waitin' for us iu Apache Pass. You may have observed, sor,although you are young,that man's fate does the waitin' m life. It is man, poor divil, that is always hustling about to find it. An' so we were hurryin' to get to an' through that pass, for it had a bad name. Of course no one apprihinded any trouble, but the usual precautions had been taken. We had been marching for weeks, an' every day we had out our advance an' rear guards, an' our sentinels at night, which latter makes hard work when you're marching by day. An' before we ever started we all knew our duty to our captain's wife. In fact it was standin' orders that, in case of disaster when she was with us, she was | to be shot rather than let her be captured. But none of us ever expected to be called on for that, sor; for we all know that it was well understood between Captain Hemming an' Lootinint Thatcher. In fact, sor, it was said by the men that Captain Hemming had made Lootinint Thatcher take an oath that he would do that awful duty if tbo time ever came-an' this iu the presence of Mrs. Hemming herself, who knew all about it, an' who smiled at tbo danger. Still, if any of us had been called on to save her from the Apaches in that way, it would have been done, sor, for we all knew what death would save her from, in such n case. " Well, sor, it was about noon that we made the foot-hills of tho Chiricahua Mountains, an' not more than half an hour afterwards we entered Apache Pass. I'll never forget that day. It was an Arizona day, nut a cloud in the sky, hot sun beating down ou us an' our poor horses piteously, au' everything as quiet as a New Kuyland town on Sunday, without the cburob bells. But there was something in the air, sor, that made us all feel uneasy, even the horses, sor ; an' it has been my experience that an old cavalry horse can scent an Apache better 'n a deer can. *' ? O Donnell.' says our first-line sergeant, Tim Murphy, poor devil, who went to the wrong place that day with his body full of bullets an' his soul full of sins-' Cj'Donnell,' says he, 'was that a red head baud I saw just now in them gray rocks to the right ?' " ' Red nothin',' says I, tryin' to laugh, for the sake of the men behind who had heard. But the laugh stuck in my throat, sor, for 1 knew that Murphy had eyes like a hawk's, even if he did drink a little now an' then when be could get it. " ' 'Twas red an' it moved,' says .Murphy,with an oath that he may be wnr'-i it' out this very day for all I know-for he died, of course, without the services of a priest, like all the rest of them. « . Well,' says I, so cool I surprised myself, . if it was red an' it moved, go up and see what it was,' But the words were scarce out of me mouth when, ' split-spat-rat-tat-tat bang !' thoy let us have it. " No man, sor, could describe the next few minutes. It wasn't every man for himself, as ye might suppose,but it was every man do quick what wu8 best for all of us. Lootinint Thatcher pulled the captain's wife from her horse an' stowed her between a couple of big racks in the waggiu'of a dog's tail. The captain himself, the last man to dismount, gave the order for skirmishers and a ringing " Forward march !" and his commands were bugled gloriously by the bugler, till he dropped dead with a bole in his forehead. But it was no use. The only thing we could do was to drop behind dead horses an' rocks an' fight like cornered rats ; for they bad us completely surrounded, .' We ilid better at first than you would sup pose, for there wtrc a good many rocks an' a man could hide most of his vital parts in some way or other. Bat when night fell there was hardly a man who wasn't wounded, *n'orerh*U of them were dead. With night the firing stop ped, for you know, nor, an Apache won't kill a man after dark, unless be is hard pressed, for fear tho man's ghost will come b»ck and haunt liim. It was a superstition that was good for us in a way ; but it only prolonged the torture of the woundkl au' wo all suffered terrible from thirst, as the little water we had with us hud given out during the day. But, worst of all, tho captain had been sllot dead, as be poked bis head out to got a shot with a catbitie that he had taken from a dead corporal. And the moanin' of the widow was worse than the yellin' of the Apaches, which they k«pt up continuous all uigUt. I don't know, sor, but that the groanin' of the woumled, the moanin' of tho widow aud the yolls of the Apaches that night was more awful Hun the flgbtia' during tbe day. An' tho worst of it was that we nil knew what was comin' on tho next day. Jndado there was many n report of n revolver that night that meant that wounded mon was Hxin' themselves so that t.liey couldu't be tortured, an' none of us had tho heart to stop them. " I nctually shivered all over when I saw the first gray streak of light in the far away East, where civilized folks were sleeping cozy in their beds. It was just thcu that Lootinint Thatcher crept over by my aide an' laid his hand on my shoulder. " ' O'Donnell,' Baid ho, . What do yon think of it ?' " ' I think we've nothin' left to do but die like men,' says I. ' We'll all be killed, an hour after thim Apaches can see the two sights on their guns, an' maybe sooner. We've no chance whatever, lootinint, an' I'm not tho man to givo in when tliero is ono.' " 4 Then I must-' ho said in a sort of groan in' whisper. " 'Tlio sooner, tho safer an' hettcr," answerert 1; for I knew what he meant- that he must kill tho captain's wife, or widow, I shattld say. In Ihe dim light I coulil make out the lootinint with his head, lioncd in bin hands, tearin' at hi* hair, which wag thick an' beautiful. My heart beat willi great sympathy, for I know the cap tain an1 the captain's wife were like a brother an' sister to him. " ' Sure,' says I, to coueole him, ' sho's a bravo little woman an' she'll bo wantiu' to go with her husband-an' you're a gentleman on your oath. It will be hard, but it will be duty. You inust do it, even for humanity's sake.' The lootinint was silent a lone l>me an' I could see that something was workiu' iu his mind. After a while ho looked up at me, with great, round, serious eyes that I'll nover forget, an' snys : " 4 O'Dmmell, you're a man an' I'm a man, an' I must spuak to somebody-I want to tell ye somethin'.' " ' What is it ?' says I, wondering, " ' I love her,' said ho with a great sob. "The words that came to me at that moment were not lit to repeat, but the gist of it was that I asked him it ho had been untrue to hi* friendship. " ' Never,' said he, with an oath that could have done duty alongside me own, it was so strong ; an' he raised his revolver to strike nn ivilh the butt (au'we standin' in tho prcscnci of death). Au' theu I remcmberod how ho novor went near her when the captain was not i around an' some said it meant that be did not like her, au' I knew he was tellin' tho truth. I " ' Forgive mo, lootinint,' says I,' I know il. I was not thinkin'. Wo are but men an' we won't be that long.' He dropped his pistol arm an' again ho was silent for a long time, while I watched tbe terriblo gray of the early mornitf come up out of the Mast. It wa9 gcttin' light, too light to dolay any longer, an' so I said to him : '.' It's timo, sir-duty !' An' that was all that 1 could say, for I could see that be was Huiferin' more than if ho was in the throes of death. " ' Sergeant,' said he, ' would it bo wrong for mo to tell her-just to tell her, before we dio.' " ' Of course it would,' said I. " But ho is dead-and perhaps, some day il might have been-' " . Hush,' said I solemnly. ' His spirit is here waiting for her-an' besides it would be an insult to her.' " . Then must a man live an' lovo an' die, without ever telliu' bis love ? ' be asked. " 1 Sure,' I answered, " there's many an' most of soldiers live an' die without ever lovin ' It's the lot wo was born to. It's duty, sor, an' manhood that's at stake' He aid nothing more, but crept over to where she lay with her arms round her dead husband. I wauted to look away, but I could not. My eyos were fascinated. " ' I am ready' she said clear an' distinct, The lootinint hesitated. " 1 Duty !' says 1, iu n frenzy of four that ho would forget himself. An' then the lootinint raised his pistol arm quickly au' fired. She dropped dead by her UuKbatid's side, without oven a sigh, thank heaveu. The lootinint stood and looked at her so long that I had timo ti< notice a slight moving among the rocks an' kuew that the Apaches were gettin' ready foi their morniu's work. '.1 hen ho dropped on hk knees an' bent forward. I could see that he was. about to kiss her, an' for the good of his own poor soul, I shouted : ' Don't do it, lootinint, it isn't right,' iu a voice like a captain yellin' at an awkward rccruity.au'he got up immediately, without a word. " ' Get behind a rock,' I veiled at him ; but he paid no attention to me. Instoad, he walked a dozen yards or more, over to where our guidou wus lyin' by the side of the dead corporal who had carried it He picked it up and jumped on a rock, standin' stiff an' silent like a soldier on parade, with the guidon flutteriu' in the early uiarnin' breeze-the only excuse for a breeze that Arizona has, as ye know yerself, sor. . Crack-ping-crack-ping," went a couple of Apache rifles, an' the lootinint dropped back like a log, an' us dead. Then the light began agin. But it was a poor light now on our side, an* in half an hour there was less than a dozen of us still handling our guns, an' we were so weak an' tired we couldn't do much damage. An' then, with a whoop, they charged us, an' I knew that the end had come. I « as weak with the loss of blood; but, like a drown din' man catchin' a straw, I jumped between « couple of mesquito bushes an' pulled the branches down over me. Tho sight of theni killin' our poor boyB who was still alive was too much for me, however, un' mercifully I fell into a sort of delirium in which things were different. An' in my delirium 1 thought I heard suddenly, a dozen bugles blowing the ' charge," an' I tried to give a little . hurrah '-an' then 1 fainted. " When I come to a surgeon was leanin' over me an' I was surrounded by a group of officers ' that I recognised as belongin' to our regiment, an' I know by their number that it was a bat talion, an' that it was real bugles thut I heard in my delirium. I learned afterwnrdt that they were malting a night march an' came up just in time to hear the early uiornin' firin' an' hurry |ahead. " An' then I heard the doctor say, ' he's the only one liviu', an' it's a question whether he will live.' But 1 did, as you see, sor. An' I've told yuu to-day a part of the story of the mass acre at Apache Pass that I never told before, because it seemed to me that it was the secret of a human heart that should have been known only to our Heavrnly Father, But perhaps il was right to speak of it,after all ; for it was the story of a man who resisted temptation to the very end. 