v,, NOTHING BEYOND. (CowiauuD.) I am not a nervons person naturally, bat I felt nervous as I bad never dene before to-day. . ^ I was in my own little sitting-room about six o'clock that evening, when the door waR * openedj and Mrs. Carnegie peeped in. She i smiled when die saw me, ana oame quiotly | forward. 'Ah, that is right,' she eaid; 'yoa an alone. I can spare half an hoar, and oai devote it to yon* Let us talk of old times and forget that horrid dressmaking craa whioh took yoa away from your own people MisB Boss.' I palled an easy chair forward, and mj pretty hostess sank into it ; she held oat hei hands to warm them at the fire. * I am happy in my own life/ I replied. 4 Yes, yea,' she answered. Then she looked at me attentively' ' You say yoa are happy/ she said, 4 bat yoa don't look it. How ill yoa look ; why, yoa are as white af a sheet, and so haggard. You look twenty ?- years older than yoa did yesterday.' I shrank a little at her plain words, had a bad night/ I said. . , \ ./je .^Hadypu f ' sue said, with sadden anxiety. * ' r ^A-hb^ybu had & cbm|artableioom» I gave . ' ^apeeJal directions thatyoa.wsretobe put in the red room, which is aboat as snag a bed chamber as tiiis great big hoase possesses. X wish yoa could have been in the new part of the boose, bat there amply .isn't a oorner. Still, the red room is safe ; no one ever heard of anything occurring in the red room.* Iloukedat Mrs. Carnegie very earnestly, and all of a sudden determined to confide in her. 4 The fact ie this,' I said, ' I did not Bleep in the red room ; it was prepared for me, but my little assistant, Lucy Price, got nervouB. She didn't care to sleep in the bedroom as signed to her, so I changed with her.' Mrs. Carnegie's face turned very white. 4 Lucy Price didn't liite her bedroom ?' ehe exclaimed. * I wonder what bedroom they gave her ; sorely not—' 'She slept in the red room* I answered, ' and 1 slept in the room at the end of the passage j they uaid (here was nothing be yond.' * You slept in that room?' said Mrs. Car negie, springing to her feet in amazement. * Oh, surely no one oould have bee& so cruel.' * It ie a fact that I occupied that room,' I answered. 4 It is also a fact that I had a bad night.' ^Mrd. Carnegie sank down again into her 4 Tell me,' she said, with a sort of gasp. ' I don't mind knowing— -I think I'd rather know — tell me what hapoened to yon in the night.' I repeated the story of my night of horror as briefly as I could. Pretty Olive's face changed colour several times as I proceeded with my tale. 'When I had finished, eh-j spoke. * I shall never forgive the servants for patting you in that room/ she said. * Bemember/ I interrupted, 4 they meant it for Lucy Price.' ' For putting any one into that room/ she continued. 4 Oh, it was a cruel thing to do.' 4 Is there anything known about the room ?' I asked, 4 anyth'ng to account for the strange occurrence which I must own very nearly deprived me of my senses ?' 4 Everybody in tbe place knows that the room is haunted,' she answered. 4 It haB not been slept in for a couple ot centuries. T bolicve there was a murder, or a horror of some sort, committed there; anyhow, room is deserted ; no one-will even touch . Sanuture ; it belong to qaite the oldest part of the Towers. For my part, I wish it could . he palled down, bat Baiph says it could not 'oo done without endangering the house itself ; the walls are so thick just there. Oh, to think of your sleeping there. Well, I am glad you have told me. Yoa don't mean to say, you poor thing, that yoa contemplated another night of horror ?* 4 1 certainly did/ I replied, 'and I don't know eren yet if I dn not wish to sleep again in that room. You see I don't belWe in ghosts. A ghost would not leave bread and bacon on the floor.' 4 That is true/ she replied, thoughtfully. 4 If I sleep in tho room to-night/ I said, 4 1 shall be well provided with matches, which I shall use when the first eoand occurs.' 4 You won't, yoa can't — suppose you saw something afeful.' 4 1 should see something material, at all events/ I eaid, etoutly. * A ghosi that could think of bread and bacon has never yet existed. I have not die least doubt that my ghoBt will tarn out ti have a body.' 4 Well, I do admire your courage/ said Sirs. Carnegie. 4 1 need to oe plucky enough myself onoe, but all the talk aboat ! this horrible ghort has rather unnerved me. Not 8 servant will sleep in the old part of the house. And the fact is, when we have a lot of guests as we have now, it is positively inconvenient to have all these rooms left umpty. I'll tell you what it is, Jane— I've a groat mind to keep you company to-night in the room at tbe passage.' 'Will yoa really P' I answered; then I hesitated. 4 Bnt what will yonr husband say f ' 1 ch-u't breathe a word to him. I often sleep iii my dressing-room, and he will think I aic there. Yes, we'll share the horror together, and if it is a human horror, perhaps we Khali get at the true origin of the gb--st story. Yes, yeSj we'll do it, Jane— you and I. Suppose my dear dressmaking friend helps .me to get rid of the Carnegie ghost ; why, 1 shall thank yoa for all the rest of mr life.1 J We talked a little longer together, and finally arranged oar plan. Mrs. Carnegie was to meet me in the ghostly room between jelevfcn and twelve that night. Not a soul in \- die house mastfcaow of her intention. After wo ba3 made op onr little scheme, all my ugaal courage returned to me, my fears ' varnished, my spirits rose, I Attended to my dressmaking work with renewed ardour, and that evening tho rehearsals in the great hall downstair* took place with even more spirit than the day before. The night cave, aod Mrs. Carnegie, in a pretty blue dressing-gown, met me in the passage which led to the haunted room. 4 Two of ns won't be the least bit afraid/ ehe said. . 4 Here is a candle and a box of matches. Now, we have only one last thing to decide. When the Thing arrives, who is to strike the match.?' 4 1 wOi do that,' I answered. . ' I will strike it quickly, and light the candle.' We then both entered the room. Iu cheer* Jess and chilly aspect stzuck with renewed force against my heart. Ie. spite pf Mrs. Carnegie's bright presence, some of the terrors of the night before returned. There was no nse talking of then now,, however; we were in for an adventure of some sort, and mast see It ont to the end. * 1 feel like a naughty school girl once Again/ said Olive. f What fan this is/ 4 Hush,' I eaid in a whisper, * don't let as Bay much. If there ia any trickery in the matter, the Ghost, Thing, or £-uson may be on its guard.' fh*.B#dfcd to we; jmw&qi;&f.; into bed and put oat tbe light. It tii ddightfci to feci the fellowship o£ another ! human beiog. Olive had not yet been ra&y; terri fied, aud her nerves were stronger. to meet anything that night ootur than mine | were. , 1 Von ace ebiltic^,' she Raid to me in a whisper; * keep up yonr courage. I daresay nothing will happen ; for my parl, I'm get tioe aaite .uleeov.* - V * Doi/t go to deep/ransweted. 'Hukh, Jterk.. , .What js _ ?/ ; Hb. Carnegie started, and came closer to ? iM. rfrxbh we both- strained dor ' ears to hear was so i%ht that it might only be compared to the faintest rustiing-^in : gton; ifcwar aosaaJr * QUO atalL Mr senses, however, peculiarly on the alert, told ! me that a draught of air, ooldcr tban that of 1 the ordinary air of the chilly room.- had sud denly swept across the bed. The Thing had doubtless arrived. For the space of a oouple of minutes there was absolute silenbe, then onoe again, as the night before, came the footsteps. One, two — one, fctru, tbe/ creaked on the boards— they approaohed the bed.' 'Strike the light, have courage,' whispered Mrs. Carnegie to me. Making a terrible effort, I oaught hold of | the candlestick, took the match-box, struck a match quickly, and lit the candle. When I did so, a short, terrified howl sounded from ft Carnegie and I both raisod our heads and 1 i peered into the room. . For a moment we , co aid see nothing, then two gleaming wild a eyes became visible oat of the darkness— a , head of shaggy hair rose above the eyes — a ragged figure was revealed to as. A large r overgrown, boy was standing in the room— he : looked wild — half mad. Myheart was beat ing so hard that I oould not speak. Mrs. Carnegie, to myaaazement, barstinto Bring ing laugh. * Why, ifs Davy/ she said, ' poor deaf and dumb Davy. Oh, to think that Davy has turned oat to be the ghoBt after all.9 She laughed so longthat I really thoaght the terror of the -last few moments had sent her into a fit of hysterias. ' Oh/ she said, ' Davy would not harm a fly, 'but ie can't Speak Tor onders land any one. Well, well, I wonder bow'iie gottoto'thei room.' . * Don't say anything ; watch him/ 1 said. , After sUring at as both very fixedly for the space of a oouple of .minutes, the deaf and dumb boy evidently madejup his mind that we .were not in the least to Tjie'f eared. He looked regretfully at the bed whore in all probability, wh?n unoocupied, he used to stretch himself ; but seeing that there was no chance of repose there, he. proceeded to the door of the room, which he looked, laying the key down beside the wainscot. He then sat on tho floor, and unfastening a bundle whioh he had hanging on his arm, took oat of it some bread and bacon, and began to eat greedily and rapidly. Having finished his meal, he looked again with covetous eyes at the bed — he even approached it 4 step or two ; but Mrs. Carnegie, who know him, raised her hand and shook it at him. This £aot seemed to terrify him ; he went straight to the door, pat the key in and unlocked it, then appro ohed the oak panel in. the wall, and pressed a spring which revealed a door. The door opened, he went oat, and banged it behind ' There goes oar ghost/ said Mrs. Car negie. 4 How did Davy discover that door ? No one has the faintest idea that there is such a mode of entrance to this room/ 4 Who is Davy ?' I asked, when he had departed: 4 Oh, a lad who was born on the estate, and has lived here all his days. Some people say he is simple, but I doubt it. Anyhow, he is deaf ana damb, and has never had any training. His usual resting-place is in one of the barns ; no one has ever been able to make him consent to sleep in an ordinary house, and in an ordinary bedroom. In poking about one day he must have discovered the secret entrance to this room, and have determined to make it his bedchamber. After all, it is a good thing you came here, as you have helped ns to solve a mystery which has given me many terrible nights since I came to the Towers, j In conclusion, I may add that the theatricals went off without a flaw, that the secret entrance to the room at the end of the passage has been effectually built np, and now the ghost chamber at Carnegie Towers can receive its geust? and be slept in with impunity.— L. T. Meadbl. 