A Miracle in Sydney. | LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURED. BOILER-MAKER JARVIS WAS TOLD BY DOCTORS HE MUST DIE. ON THE VERGE OF THE, GRAVE. A FINAL EXPERIMENT AND ITS ASTOUNDING RESULTS. THE DOCTORS BEWILDERED. INTERESTING INTERVIEWS. FULL PARTICULARS OF A REMARKABLE RECOVERY. A SENSATION AT ULTIMO. (From the Australian Workman) _ One of the best-known residents of Ultimo, Sydney, is Mr. Thomas Jarvie, who resides at 45 Crown-line. A multitude of his acquaintances were grieved to notice how his fine physique was slowly but surely being undermined by an insidiouB and mysterious malady. The disease . baffled all who attempted to diagnoBe it, meanwhile Jarvifl aufTprriri uo-nnina r-~A His trouble developed at last so rapidly that he was FORCED TO HIS BED, an^ M8 fc°rfcure becoming unedur&ble;, large quantities of opium and morphia were administered to alleviate his sufferings. He applied to a well known doctor, but that gentleman after a careful Btrutiny pronounced nis case hopelessly incurable, and gave him an order addressed to the Director oE Charitable Inntitutions. Poor Jarvis went home to bed, and another doctor was called in and agreed that JARVIS WAS INCURABLE, and all that could be done for him was in the direction of deadening the pains which racked him. AVbile Jarvis was patiently waiting for the kindly hand of death to end his sufferings, his attention was directed to an advertisement in the preBs, and thinking that a case therein stated resembled his own he determined, as a last resort, to try r\ Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. The first box had a magical effect: upon him the very first week. His appetite returned, and ho once more experienced the LUXURY OP A SLEEP. The second week with the second box of pills con firmprl tha cumnfnma ? j t ? „ ..,7, r. .J «?» uuuau persevered with the third nnd fourth boxes with equally sur prising results. He is now taking his fifth box and in live short weeks AN ABSOLUTE CURE has been revealed. Every day his strength in creases, and although not yet robust he is a new man full 0E vitality, confidence, and enthusiasm. It is no wonder then tbafc his case is causing quite a sensation at Ultimo, and the news is spreading throughout the city and suburbs. Under these extraordinary circumstances we de - cided to Bend a representative of The Australian II orkman to make enquiries so that the cure maybe fully authenticated and the public- m ay obtain all particulars. So remarkable a cure deserves the widest publicity in the interests of SUFFERING HUMANITY whose_ maladies baffle all the science, learning, and experience of the medical profession. THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thnrsday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nurs ing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared kim to bo one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and aboun and was able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illoess, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : 'You want to knotr all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell yon. The facts may be of vkIuo to those who are Btriken aB I was.' ' How long were you Buffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEAVE OPF WORK, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt Btreet, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' ?? simply indescribable. Xhe pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a SAW WEBB CUTTING MT BONES in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to my self and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, acd could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, ho gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' ' No ; I came home aud went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was AIL OVER 'WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, bv onium nnri mnrr.li in nilla fn the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of auother boiler-maker in England, which I read in tha Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and SENT FOB A BOX. The effect was aB marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though noth ing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and wab able to. move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fit'th box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am 'gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see thoso crutches there ? Thejj, are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They wore made for me beforo I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want i3 this stick, nnd I hope soon to do with out 'it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' He ia 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have SAVED HIS LIFE, and made another man of bim.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day. than he did a fortnight previously. 'lean now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, 1 hope to be able to work in two months' time. I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in tha very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am BETTER T0-DAT ' than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pilla. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece thero is a box of OriUM AND MOXFHIA pills whioh the doctor gave ma to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay wherelthey are, Cor I no longer need them, Everybody who knows me has been amared at the change in mo. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued spaed to wards recovery our representative withdrew. 