BURGLARS BOLD. ARMED AND ACQUISITIVE. I A LADY'S EXPERIENCE. THRILLING AND TERRIFYING. Twa the witching hour of night, when, according to popular childish tra dition, graveyards yawn, and uneasy ghoots nud gobllnn wander forth on ter rifying missions, when Mrs John Walsh hail a most thrilling and unpleasant ex perience. The lady, who Is the wife of an ex-member uf the ihjUcc force, whose Unties, its night watchman in the city, necessitated hl.i absence front home be tween sunset and sunrise, resides In Argyll rqi'ure. Carlton. The square Is , a qulul, thoroughly respectable collection , of houses, facing the Carltun Howling ! Green, but the neighborhood roundabout i is by no means too choice, and the dis turbers of Mrs Walsh's plachl nlumberH on Friday: ght very, probably are resi dents of the unsulubrlouB locality.' Friday night ns.everyone will, recol lect. wuj cold, wet ami. miserable, and MnvWalshi relh'ed to. rest at half-past nine o'clock, her servant also seeking, tHe repose und pence which, ' :u» HCrgeunt Husfuz would say. a Custom house can mwer afford. The mistress was not tons' In wooing the drowsy god, .sinking into a deep nieep within. a few moments, t-hv was half awakened by the tiolse of footsteps en the stairs, bm thinking It was her husband returned from the "watches of tho night." was not In the lean ' alarmed. Judge of her conster nation nud terror, however, when there ' entered two strange men with candles ' in their hands, and monk on their faces, "Burglars" came like u flash to the lady's mind, and she sat up In beil. "Then the taller of the two, a thin, sharp-featured man. with dark hair, walked quickly over " to the side of the hod. und levelled a revolver a: my head, while the ether, a very short man. stood »»v the door. The llrat num. .speaking with a foreign accent, said In a vicious tone lf you scream or move 1 will shoot you. I will murder youi" "Did you feel Inclined to scream, nindemV" asked our reporter. "Not in the least: I was Ux. much overcome with tho fright of tho affair. McnnwhlK the little man at the door had put down a 'regulation box which ; he was carrying, and which he had j brought from the spare room next to i my b«Mlroom. THIk he broke open with i n corkscrew, and I saw htm taking the things out and putting them tn Ids pock- j ets. There waa a third man, evidently waiting on' tho stalrn, for the little one ! at the door kept talking to him in whls- i pert, and the watcher twice went down stairs and returned." "What about the first man? What was he doing?" "He sto:d by the bed. after ordering me to lie down, which 1 wus glad to do. He did not keep the revolver pointed at my h\xu1, but It wns In Ids band. Then they seemed to be disturbed, for on a word from the man on the stairs, nil 'three cleared out hurriedly, and I heard them running down the stairs. Before leaving the tlrst man said, "Don't you move or scream, or I'll mmo hack and shoot you." 1 waited until I thought they were out of the house, nnd tlien called to the scrvunt girl. She caino In. and when 1 told tier about the uffulr she gut a terrible shock. Indeed, she was wan worse than I was Just at the Idea, for I recovered my composure very soon after the burglars had gone. They must have been disturbed, as there wax a tot of jewellery on the dressing table, which they did not touch, and my keys were there in full view." "Well, what did you do next?" "With the girl l went cut on to the balcony, and we screamed 'police' at the top of our voices. But you might be getting murdered In this neighborhood and no one would . take any notice of screams. Finally, after a quarter of an hour, w«» attracted the attention of u young mutt who was passing, and he went for the police. A constable came along nttd examined the promises. The kitchen window was found to be open, and the burglars had probably entered that way. but found their pusnage Jmrred by n bolted door. Then they opened the catch of the ulnfngroom win dow. most likely with a knife, and gat In through that, and hence up the stairs to the bedroom. The stiver on the side- )>card was untouched, and what they found In the box comprised all the booty —a gold chain und watch, and six save- rclgus. A neighbor, hearing the police man In the yard, got up, nnd told us that when lie was coming in about twelve o'clock, ho r.iw some mcn'gctilng over the buck fence, but he didn't think of giving an alarm. Aud that's all I can tell you about It," concluded Mrs Walsh. "It was a horrible experience, and I don't want to have It repeated, I can as sure you. . Nothing has been discovered about the burglars, but the detectives are on the case." An exciting taory, certainly, and one which goes to show that there Is a'very reckless and dangerous class of robbers in the city. Householders should take -timely wurnlug. and see to it that their homes are guarded ugulnst these un pleasant visitors, so far as possible, else something more tragic and oulamltoua may occur 