OIIPATKH XI.-SKI DE ADJOURNS TO TUE " BHLL8." Immediately the funoral party left thc churchyard Krink made his way cautiously to the gravo. Skidc the sextou was standing beside it, just discernable in thc darkness, and was grumbling audibly. " It's a nicst thing, this is. A vaary niest thing I They'll be uerryin' 'cm all at dood o' ncot next, like that capting us the song is about. I wonder how yon lot 'ud relish sloppiu' 'ere in 't dark 'jilin' up a dceod mon ? A w'd seo um far enough afore aw'd do it, bur yo' corn't be soa independent ncaw-a-days, fur trade's awful slack. Aw uiver remember sich a quiet toi mo for years an' years. Foak mun ha'startitlivin'lunger nor they used fur't do, fur aw'vc nivor berrit a livin' soul for nearly a fortnit. Aw th' same aw reckon uow't o' this. Aw wonder iv ho'd ketch cowd iv aw loft him till morah)' ? Aw'vc a good moind fur't risk it ! Hullo, who's that t Eh, Mestur Krink, hoaw yo' frightcntmi !" "Did you think I was a ghost. Skids!" grinned Bold. " No, no ! It li no ghost ; it's only Bold Krink tekkin' a last peep at his old f;uvnor, Skide. That's all. Ah, dear 1" with a ong sigh, " but he were no end of a deep 'un. 11 never seed tho man as could get the best of him. Never! Many's the keen bit o'practice we've had together, but he'll drivo no more hard bargins." "No I no !" squeakod Skide. " They dooan't oft do mich in that lino when awVo done wi' 'em." " I guoRB not," responded Krink. " Eh, Skide, tho tales I could tell you about him ! Sonic of thc deepest thrickB you ever heeard on. But it's cold standin' 'ere. What do you say if wo slip into the Ring o' Bells and have a drop of something warm. Ugh ! lt's enough to starve anybody to death ! The sexton cast a glance towsrds thc open grave ; after all it made no difference to the occupant whether it was lilied up to- night or to-morrow ; there was Buchsnenticiug sound about (hat "somethiu1 warm" that ho could not resist it, and, with the expressive intimation that ho " was easy lcd," he followed Kriuk into the cosy bar of the " Hella." An hour later ho had grown garrulous under thc influence of thc kindly liquor, and was expounding to tho company his theory UB to thc fluctuations in thc death rate. " Aw'vc noaticed," ho waB saying, " as 'ow in harvcBl I uiver gets a job, though I may have one or two between hoytimc an' then. But when th' harvest's about o'er they drops off by odd 'uns, owd 'uns mooaally, just in thc slack atwecu harvest au' tato-gcttin' time. When tatoin' gets fairly on theer's uiver ft joli, but get- il o'er, JIU1 tiley gooas like winkin'. Ouc after unolher as rcgiler as clockwork. So fur that rayson, aw thinks as busy toi men is bad fur decin' folks. They doan't loike gooin' when thcer's plenty stirrin' abeawt, 'em bur when toimcs gets dull-like, they gooas off as comfortable as you please." Before this time, Krink had slipped back to the churchyard. Quickly, but quietly, once he reached the grave, bo doffed his coat, and, drawing from its pockets a chisel and a mulllcd mallet, he slung one of the planks which lay near across tho opening, and a moment later, by thc aid of a short rope, had swung himself into thc narrow pit. He was no coward, but the work was certainly a blood-curdling piece of business, and far from his doubts he entertained very strongly could have induced him to take it in hand. Once he had done so he would not turn back. "Dead men kin hurt nobody," be muttered as he knelt on the coffin. The lid, as he speedily fouud, had been fastened down in such a manner as to make considerable force necessary in opening it. Finding he could not unscrew it, he applied the mallet and chisel with a will, and in a short lime had made a hole sufficiently large to admit his hand, then laying down the tool, und, setting his teeth firmly together, he prepared to resolve his doubts, when a slight fall of earth from the top of thc graveside, rattling upon the lid, caused him to jump in alarm. A cold shudder ran through him, and it was some minutes ere he regained his courage. At last, however, boldly thrusting in his hand, he felt for the dead body beneath bim. A second of dumb terror, afterwards a long sigh of relief. " Exactly so ! Precisely so ! John Tren son dead ? Not he ! He's more about him than that. I was feared it were a dodge, an' it is." Thc coffin be found was filled with large stones, to give it weight, and each hod been apparently well wrapped in cloth lo prevent noise or movement. There was nothing else in it, and whether John Treason were alive or dead he was certainly not there. "I knowed it were a do," he continued, "as soon as ever I faeercd of that will. Milk ain't vinegar. Not yet it ain't. This is a move to injure the gran'son some way or other, tho' I'm blest if I kin sec wheer it comes in. However, onless Kczia Adams hez got paralysis in her tongue, I'll know afore I Bleeps to-night." With that he shovelled in a sufficient Quantity of earth to hide the coffin completely rom view and hurriedly made his way towarss Broceo House. Skide, returning later, with swimming head and unsteady legs, was commencing hts task by the light of a small lantern when he heard u noise close by. " Is that you, Krink ?" he called. " Nicst fellow you are to tak me yonder and slip off like that." There WBB no reply, and taking the lantern tho old man went to tho next grave, from behind the headstone of wbioh had come the sound. liaising the light he peeped over. There was a man crouching there. Presently a face looked up at the light. Great Heavens ! Krink ? No ! They were the yellow features of John Treason himself that met thc sexton's eyes. With a loud, dreadful yell of terror he dropped his lantern on the crouching figure and ned widely from the place. (To be continued.) 