HOME kM FOREIGN. _ ? -«, ? IRELAND. 'WHO FEARS TO SPEAK OF '98?' PLAIN ENGLISH BY A RADICAL ORGAN. The Tipper ary Nationalist, October 20, reprints irom Reynolds's Newspaper (the leading English Radical organ) the following article : — The whole Irish world is now in a ferment with preparations for the celebration next year of the centenary of the great Irish Rebellion of 1798. In T.«1n,,/1 in 1?.r-rrlar-rl Amnrinn.. n n c\ A listr/ilia _ wli or ever two or three of the much-dispersed Irish are gathered together, plans are being concerted for proclaiming to the world the indestructibility of the Irish National idea. The wonderful tenacity of the Irish to this notion of nationhood through all the changing centuries is only equalled in lirmness by the clinging amid adversity and persecution and dispersal of the Jews to their religious and racial brotherhood. Such a phenomenon as this i& not to be scoffed at by the shallow or put aside by the 'superior' blockhead It is a great fact whioh statesmen, whether they like it or not, will have to face. It will be peculiarly appropriate to the occasion if the plutocratic Government now in power succeed in giving Ireland a liberal measure of county govern ment, as they have promised. But plutocratic pro mises, unfortunately, as we have too often saily ex perienced, are made to be broken. Strange failure o£ English rule in Ireland that at the close of a cen tury from the Union Ireland is as politically discon tented as ever, and that all England can point to as the result of her rulership is a depopulated country and a famine-stricken people. Some attempts are being made by fanatics like Mr. 'William Johnston, M.P., to stimulate the Govern ment to suppress the celebration. There was a time ?when the Ulster Protestants would have spurned with indignation the idea that their representatives should be the n\ere voting cattle of an English party. The Ulster Protestant volunteers demanded the. in dependence of Ireland. Some of the flower of the Presbyterians of Ulster died on the scaffold as leaders of the Irish Rebellion against English domi niitinn nnri pvnlnif.atinn. H'VlP 'PlnnTrpfcn. 'Dillnno Aylmers, Brabazons, Fitzgeralds, Lord Bristol, the patriotic Bishop of Derry, were eager rebels. How could it be otherwise? Between 1715 and 1732, England having prohibited the Irish woollen trade, and having enforced, with characteristic ferocity, the Test Acts, 20,000 Ulster Presbyterians were compelled to leave their homes. At a later period, in consequence of the infamous evictions of Lord Donegal in Antrim, .'50,000 Protestants left Ulster for America. So wicked was the conduct of the Irish landlords that Henry VIII. — no very tolerant or considerate personage— confiscated the estates of the absentee landlords, and in 1779 an absentee tax of 4s in the pound was proposed by the Irish Pro testant Parliament. How William III. would smile at the toast of his 'glorious, pious, and immortal memory.' William was about the only really liberal monarch this country has had, and on that account he was detested by the English Tories, who were all in favour of James II., whom the Ulster Protestants drove back from the walls of Derry and vanquished at the Boyne. Time was when the Roman Catholic Bishops and priests of Derry walked in procession with the apprentice boys in memory of the gallant defence of that historic town. Now it has been degraded into a party and ' religious' triumph. The Orangemen of Ulster are a sturdy and inde pendent race ; but they are ignorant. They do not read ; many of them do not think. They live on a few phrases. They are befooled into acting as the agents of the landlords and the capitalists, and cer tainly in many respects they deserve no better fate than to be the ministers of their own destruction. There is no doubt that, in political intelligence, the Orange workmen are behind the rest of the king dom. Everywhere but in Ulster the working men are combining for their own interests. They do not care a fig for Tory or Liberal, except insofar as it suits their particular objects. The representatives of Orange Ulster in the House of Commons -never take the slightest interest in any question affecting the people, unless it be for their good, and then they vote against any proposal in that direction. What record of work done for the Irish Protestant arti zans and farmers have wealthy ranters like the Warings and Saundersons, or a commonplace, if honest, creature like Johnston, of Ballykilbeg, to show? The Irish classes are simply making use of the Irish masses. The landlords and capitalists of Ire land have manipulated the Orangemen solely for their own selfish ends. Has not the time come when the working men of Ulster, instead of following tamely at the heels of their natural enemies, should form a working-class party with representatives of their own in Parliament and on all the Local Boards? Have the Orangemen forgotten the history of land lordism in Ulster, and the historic struggle for ten ant right ? The Irish Society, which is a commit tee of the corrupt Tory Corporation of the City of London, annually drains from Ulster some £50,000, to be spent mostly in feasting in London. ^No won der the Corporation of the square mile of London called 'the City' is opposed to granting the people of Ulster and the rest of Ireland control of their own affairs. Given Home Rule, the people of Derry would very soon insist that the trust estates held by the Corporation of London should be restored to by the people of Ulster. A century ago the Ulster Protestants enrolled themselves as a Volunteer force to resist the perpe tual oppressions and exactions of England. A large number of the most intelligent Irish Protestants are HomeRulers; and.when the Ulster Protestant escapes from the atmosphere of bigotry, which the land lords, for their own purposes, have created in the North of Ireland, he becomes convinced that the English Parliament, over-burdened with work, is unable to attend properly to the affairs of Ireland, and thatlreland in consequence remains poor and Subservient.. Is it too much to expect from the Northern men a return to common sense? Have they no one capa ble of persuading them that their own interest and not that of the landlords and capitalists should be the first consideration? Why 6hould the Orange Society not be turned into a great industrial organi zation ? The Orangemen sometimes remind us of a 8et of people who have been dead for centuries, and in the thin air are still battling with the ghosts of the long-ago controversies raging round Pope and Protestantism, persecution and Puritanism, and the rest of the phrases with which, in the name of '♦ re ligion,' drenched the world Avith blood, and left a lasting heritage of hatred among mankind. Our stout hearts, strong right arms, and, above all, the printing press and populareducation,have destroyed for ever the possibility of oppression, either on the part of monarchs or Churches. Why, then, do the Orangemen keep up the silly feud ? Would that the Orangemen of Ireland could re spond at this juncture to the burning words of their Protestant fellow-countryman (Professor Ingram. T.C.D.):— Who fears to speak of Ninety-Eight ? Who blushes at the name ?' When cowards mock the patriot's fate, Who hang his head for shame? He's all a knave or half a slave, Who slights his country thus ; But a true man, like you, man, Will fill your glass with u£. They rose in dark and evil days To right their native land ; They kindled here a living blaze That nothing shall withstand. Alas ! that Might can vanish Right— They fell and passed away ; But true men, like you, men, Are plenty here to-day. Then here's their memory — may it be For us a guiding light To cheer our strife for liberty, And teach us to unite. Through good and ill, be Ireland's still Though sad as theirs your fate ; And true men, be you, men, Like those of Ninety-Eight. That will be the sentiment inspiring some fifteen millions of Irish people throughout the world in this coming year. It will be unfelt by some half million of people living in Ireland, but without a country. 