CHOICE STORIES. Hester. Lc is trae; those that take the sword perish with the sword; and they that pass their lives forging instruments of destruc tion are not seldom themselves the first sacrifice demanded by the evil they have helped to create. My father was a work man at Grimm's Flats Powder-mills, and two weeks before 1 was born perished in an explosion. My mother died of the shock two weeks after my birth ; so that within a month I lost both parents. Then * the Row' adopted me. The Row is a ow of cottages attached—at a safe dis tance—to the Grimm's Flats Powder mills, and inhabited exclusively by the workmen, their wives, widows, and fami lies. Clubbing together, and helped by a donation from the proprietors, the men paid something weekly to my foster parents until I was old enough to earn my;own salt, as they said; helping in the housework, and doing plain sewing and knitting for the Row. We were an obscure, remote, self-con tained Uttle community. All were more or less related, to each other. We had scarcely more than two surnames among ub. If a man wasn't a Judge, he was almost certain to be a Bishop. And as all the Bishops were Bills by descent, and all the Judges, Toms, we were fain to distin guish them by some personal peculiarity, such ias Long Tom Judge, or Big Bill Bishop ; or by their ages, such as Young Toin, Old Bill, and so forth. A danger, common to all the men, and of daily recurrence, was the bond that imifofl us all. It spiced our lives, and gave the men and the women, too, by emulation a grim humor, a sort of pride of courage, whereby they and we showed contempt of the peril they lived in. It was not merely that every man repairing to the mills of a blight summer or dark winter's morning carried his life in his hand, but that his life was in the hand of the youngest and most careless of the workmen—if any were careless in that place. A bit of grit carried into the powder-shed on the sole of a list slipper— Buch as all wore when at work—might, by accidental contact, be sufficient to cause an explosion. The mills lie on a level, low-lying plateau, that is intersected in every direction by a labyrinth of sluggish waters: canals, back-waters, and channels, filled from the slow, creeping tide of the river Milway. The emerald-green level meads are connected by moss-grown, crazy, wooden bridges—often a mere plank and a hand-rail, scarce sufficient to guide any one safely over the thick ooze in the dark or gloaming, if ear one of these, a woman had been drowned, either missing the plank in coming across the meads at nightfall, or else making away with her self. Anyhow, her ghost, it was said, still haunted the place, gliding pensive through the growth of alders and willows that clothed the banks, or trailing like a mist-wreath across the gray, mossy bridge. We were seldom many days free of fog or mist. If it did not gather and rise from the ooze and beds of osiers, it came rolling down to us from the low hills that shut us in on the north and west. To dwellers on a hill, or in towns, or by the sea, Grimm's Flats might not look at first sight very attractive, perhaps. But to us, who had lived there all, or nearly all, our lives there was no place like it, for the sweetness of the flowers in the gardens, the profusion of all kinds of vegetables, the peace of its Sundays, and tbe joy of its Good-Fridays and Christmas days. We were not much given to worshipping in public; Sunday mornings our men spent mostly in their front gardens, with unlaced boots, chatting in twos and threes —the pipes, so rigidly denied them all the working days, between their lips, and as free from care, as ready for harmless play, as the toddling wee things that clung about daddy's knees or climbed to his shoulder. Within doors, meantime, the women prepared the one mid-day meal of the week to be eaten with husband and sons. A feast, indeed. In the afternoons, in fine weather, we, that is, the younger women—while our tranquil elders took their spell or rest of gossip—strolled over the meads, or attended church at Mil bridge, two and a half miles distant. Whether we sauntered in the fields or walked briskly to church, we were not uncommonly attended—at a respectful distance—by the younger men of the Row; but these, like the dogs, turned tail generally at the sound of the church bells, not without promises of going farther on some future day, carrying a gold ring in their waistcoat pockets. ] On theBe occasions, either at church, or ; on what the elders called * a prowl,' I had one chosen, invariable companion, Hester Best: Hetty Betty, as she was more com monly called in the Row. Our comrade ship -was no case of ' like liking like for both in appearance, and what Old Tom Judge called our ' temperature,' no two could well be more unlike. Hester was ! as lively, audacious, gay, generous, andi fearless, as blue-eyed, freckled, red golden- haired as I was cowardly, nervous black-eyed, sallow, and sad. Yet we were Inseparables. At eighteen, when I was what Hetty called a confirmed old sober sides, she was at the top of her bent for fun and mischief, a very madcap. It happened that this year a new inmate —two new inmates—came to live in the Row. The man, as a matter of course, was a worker at the mills, and his mother lived with .him.. They came from a dis tance, and had wayB of their own. None of us took to Mrs. Brand ; she was stiff, reserved, and proud ; but good looking, and upright as a dart. A good manager, and clean and ' sprach' as a daisy. From the first, Hetty and she could not abide each other. Jim Brand was like and un like his mother, as good-looking, as up right, and as careful of his appearance; but not a bit stiff or proud. If his mother spoke little and smiled less, Jim had a pleasant word and smile for all. He had come to Grimm's Flats from some place by the sea where there were torpedo works, and could tell a lot about wrecks and lifeboats and war-ships. He seemed half a sailor himself, and, as Hetty said, he wasn't over head and ears in powder, like the'other men. So that, what with his good looks, his pleasant ways and fresh talk, some of us just a little lost our heads about Jim Brand. I declare, solemnly, that I never cared —I never let myself think or care about lifm) for I saw—I could not help seeing— the change that came over Hetty, and I guessed, what it meant; until, one day, I found,to iny amazement, that Jim Brand lad taken a fancy to me—to me ! All the pride and joy this knowledge gave me was crnelly dashed by knowing that Hester would look upon me in the light of a successful rival! Hester, who from our childhood had been to me like a twin Bister,, a brighter self 1 Hester, who had cheered me when I was down, nursed me when I was sick, encouraged and streng thened me at every turn, and me to * cut out' Hester 1 I declare that when, of an evening in the summer, Jim first began to walk out with me, and Hetty hung back and wouldn't join ub, the sight of her pale, set face at her cottage door, or win dow, was like a blash of ice-cold water on my new-born happiness. In our strolls, Hetty and I had always avoided the network of water surround ing the mills, except, perhaps, just when the primroses and periwinkles were in flower in the tangled copse and brush wood on the banks. More especially we shunned thte foot-bridge where the woman was found drowned, and floating under the shadow of the willows and alder-trees. But Jim took a special fancy to the meads; and there we sauntered evening after evening, listening to the thrushes, and making nosegays of meadow-sweet— * curds and cream,' as we called the fragrant willow-herb; and the lovely forget-me-nots-large, and blue as Hester's eyes. Hetty's great blue eyeB, so changed in their expression when they met mine, I so involuntarily upbraiding, that I knew she avoided meeting or speaking to me, lest they, and the frank, laughing mouth, now grown so ' mim' and set, should tell too much of the struggle within her. It was a puzzle to Jim why she, who had been my chiefest friend, should now avoid us ; and because I could not tell him, I, when the time came, just wrote, and asked'her, for form's sake, to go to church with us, knowing what the answer would be—as it was, an excuse; though many a time each had promised to be the other's bridesmaid. So I was married ; and no Hester to help to dress me, and keep my courage up to meet the new life —the new duties—the new home. But neither new home, new duties, nor new happiness could obliterate my regret for the coolness that had come between me and Hester. Moreover, I soon found, as human beings will, that my life, even as Jim Brand's wife, was not all sunshine. Men have a deal to say of their mothers in-law ; yet they, when they are vexed or contraried, can, and do, get away from home. A woman whose mother-in law lives with her, has no such escape, at least not in our rank of life. We had strict notions of Duty in the Bow. And I should have felt myself bitterly to blamel had I not done or tried to do mine, with such a husband as Jim. But, somehow, Mrs. Brand managed to spoil a good bit of my happiness. I found it very hard at first to make her out at all. She was civil when Jim was by—just civil. When he was away, she found fault— not pettishly, but com manding, as if she knew everything, and I knew nothing, from morning till night. I tried hard to please her; it being so easy to please Jim, I didn't expect to find it so hard to please his mother. That was my mistake. The more I laid myself out to do the utmost jot and tittle of my duty, the more unacceptable I seemed to be to Jim's mother. By-and-by I found out something of the reason. Mrs. Brand idolised her son ; a royal princess would hardly have made him a good enough wife; and yet, inconsistently, she waB more impatient of me when Jim was pleased with what I did, and praised me, than at any other time. When I failed in cooking a dinner or any other house hold matter, she almost seemed to like me. But so sure as Jim made much of me, her jealousy boiled over, but not often in his presence. Once, when I hinted to him something particularly irri tating and unjust that she had said to me, his face clouded. * Oh ! if you too are going to disagree' he said, and broke off. I swallowed my chagrin, and re solved that henceforth I would devour it in secret; and I kept my resolution. I could not help being a little trium phant, and yet very soriy, when one day, just because, in passing me, Jim caught me round the waist and kissed me, Mrs. Brand burst out into scornful, upbraiding words. I stood silent, with burning cheeks, looking on the floor ; and after quite a minute's dead pause, Jim said, very quiet, ' If my behaviour affronts you, mother, you are not obliged to bide with us you know.' Those were the first undutiful words I had ever heard Jim speak; and though I knew his mother i had brought them on herself, and though I was not sorry he should have a glimpse of ho disagreeable she could speak, I could not help being verv sorry. The peace and sacredness of the home seemed lessened by them somehow. A few days later I was going on an errand to Milbridge, and met Hester full butt. 1 scarcely expected she would stop, for we often met and passed, now, with only a nod ; but she did ; she drew up short in front of me. * What's up ?' she said abruptly. 'Ain't you well? You don't look much 1' The old voice and way of speaking,! something womanly kind, such as I hadn't heard lately, made me quiver all over. Hester turned round, drew my arm in hers, and walked slowly beside me, while I gave myself the relief of pouring my grievances into her willing ears. I did not feel how disloyal I was to Jim, till Hetty's energetic ejaculation of ' Old cat !J applied to Jim's mother, shocked me into silence. Even then I could not regret my imprudence, however; sympathy, Hetty's sympathy and partisanship, were two sweet. The intamacy thus renewed was soon in full force, as strong as ever, or stronger. Hester, withheld by the strict, un spoken etiquette of the Bow, which did not permit man or woman entrance into | any house not their own, except, upon invitation, bad never yet crossed my j threshold; now, she was a frequent i visitor; and that despite the fact, plainly observable, that Hester was no favorite with Mrs. Brand, Hetty's audacious | laughter and frank speech were specially distasteful to her. Barely civil to her when Jim was there, no sooner was he gone, then a wordy war would break out, in which the elder woman often got worsted. Sheltered by Hester's incisive tongue, I made bold to pluck up spirit and oppose her myself upon occasion, and, to my surprise, I found that the more I asserted myself, the greater were Mrs. Brand's concessions. There is one thing'we none of us know • until it is too late to benefit by the know ledge, and that is to know when we are happy. Directly the time is past, we know it, and mourn that we did not make more of the blessed season. The month or two after Hetty'B and my reconciliation was such a period. Jim seemed to share my partiality for her, and our party of an evening, either within doors or in the fields, was a merry one. However morose Mrs. Brand might be, Hetty's sympathy consoled me when we were alone together ;' while, if Jim's mother snapped and < snarled before her, Hetty's laugh and re- [ tort often drove the elder woman to sullen silence, a silence, however in; which she brooded revenge. Hers was a ' nature which demanded the outlet of free speech to keep her thoughts from venom. It was after a week or two's sullen avoidance of all communication with Hester that eli6 one day bust all bounds tome. The morning was a fine one in autumn, Jim had not long left homel and Tiig mother and I were still occupied in putting away the breakfast things. Our cottage door stood open ; across the green level meadow spiders' webs—virgins' threads we called them—caught the rays of the morning sun, making a path of silvery white. Walking to the door as I wiped a cup, I caught sight of Hetty. Her face was turned towards the mills ; she was walking backwards, nodding and waving a hand to Jim, and exchanging merrily shouted greetings as he went on his way to work. Presently she caught sight of me, and came past our cottage, her face all aglow. We passed the time of day to each other, said a few indifferent words ; and then she went on her way, nodding gaily to Jim's mother through the window as she passed. Mrs. Brand made no response to her greeting, except by a muttered ' Get along, ycu hussy !' Then she turned sharply on me and said through her set teeth, lI wonder you encourage that minx! Any one that wasn't a fool could see that she was over head and ears in love with your husband.' She spoke so abruptly and with such bitter intensity that in my consternation I dropped the cup I was wiping, and it smashed to atoms on the brick floor. ' There you go !' she cried, ' as if cups could be had for the picking up. Ah! you may look! but you mark my words— if anything goes wrong with you, I know who'll fill your shoes ; and so does she— a hussy " Perhaps jealousy is infectious. Al though I knew Jim's mother to be jealous, and, where Hetty was concerned, spiteful, still her words remained with me. She had made an impression, and she knew it. 1 began to like, to trust her more, and Hetty leas ; and she, too, knew it. Gradually my pride in Jim and hap piness sank lower, and I was too stupid to perceive it was all my own fault. Hester would not come to us without j asking, and in my silly suspiciousness J refrained from asking her, much as I missed her sympathy and her cheery high; spirits, which had acted as an antidote to | Mrs. Brand's gloomy views of life. She would often say, as we sat at work! together, that it would have been a good deal better if she had never been born; and sometimes I got to think she was right, except for Jim; and I dreaded my child would be deformed, or deaf and dumb, or an idiot, as she said, and I could not deny so many were. So the days went by, days when £ might have been, and might have made Jim—who was veiy gentle and compassionate to me—so happy, and I let the opportunity, which was never to return, slip away for ever. I One afternoon, in the October of that j year, a day that had begun in a filmy, veil of blue haze, and ended in a blaze of the broadest sunshine, I started to go and meet Jim coming from his work. Passing along the Row, I stopped at Tom Judge's garden. The father of the Row was busied there harvesting potatoes. He stood resting his bent back against the fence, while I remarked about the fineness of the afternoon. i * Look yender,' said the old man, point- j ing a crooked brown forefinger at the low j hills that seemed drawn in closer to us. 4 'Twon't last. See how handy them hills bel They ain't no nigher, we knows, but they alius looks handier afore rain.': He had got so far, when a trembling of the earth, a vibration in the air, instantly succeeded by a deafening explosion, Etopped his speech. Mechanically and swiftly, we faced the quarter whence it came: a dense umbrella shaped volume of smoke had risen into the rosy afternoon air. Between us and the mills, ashes, wood-splinters, shattered j bricks and mortar, a whole mass of wreckage and ruins, were falling. Every i door burst opon in the Bow, and in a moment Hester wa3 at my side. Grasping her hand tight, we set off and ran, full speed, to the foot-bridge where the drowned woman had been found. As we crossed it, the water, all alight with reflections from the bright sky above it, was rippling and shivering and shuddering in its cosy bed below the plank. When we reached the other side, Hester sud denly let go my hand, caught my waist, and twisted me round. 4 You mustn't go on—you must go back!' she cried authori tatively. In vain I struggled and implored ; she held me firm. Then I saw that her dilated eyes were drawn again and again to one spot in the osiers on the bank. Wrenching myself round, my eyes fol lowed the direction hers had taken. What was it 2 Something flung, hurled amongst the reeds—something that had once been a man! As I stared, spell bound, it seemed to me that the blua shirted arm, every stitch in which was of my own setting, that it moved as though motioning me— a farewell. After along, long nightmare, in which I was tormented by succeeding visions of low hills bathed in sunshine, of black, balloon-shaped clouds, of a blue- shirted arm, through all of which rang the con tinual wailing of an infant, I awoke to find little Jim on my arm, and Hetty sitting beside my bed. That she had saved my life and the baby's, I could well believe. It was weeks before she left us, day or night, and when she did, it was but to find a home for us far away from Grimm's Flats. Mrs. Brand lived with us till she died, and thought more, relied more on Hester than on any one else. Little Jim shall never learn or hear of his father's trade, if Hetty and I can pre vent it, lest, again, those who take the sword perish with it. Our boy, we call him, but he is more hers than mine; he will quit me for her any day ; and I would not have it otherwise. Her courage, her bright spirits, have upheld us through many trials. She is the strong strand of our threefold cord. If I took one Jim from her, I have given her another; it is her turn now,' and she loves the boy as she loved his father, as she loves me, with a love passing the love of women. God forbid that I should grudge Jim pay ing his parents' debts to Hester! A correspondent of the Spectator sends to that paper the following extract taken from the Edit of Fife Record, showing the amusing effect of a telephonic message sent directly to a dog :—" Mr. Whyte, teller in the National Bank, Anstruther, was the. other day accompanied to Anstruther by his dog,, which he inadvertently left there when he wentiiome in the evening. On 'arriving at Pittenween he telephoned to Anstratben to ascertain if his dog was in the Anstrnther office, and Mr. Whyte being told that it was the * receiver' was placed in the dog's ear, while Mr. Whyte whistled and called his dog by name, and it, on recognising his voice, at once started off in a most excited and de lighted state for his home at Pittenween. The incident is worth recording, as we ques tion if such an experiment has ever before been made, and proves that even a dog can distinguish his master's voice through the telephone, and shows how wonderfnlly dis tinct is the human voice even a mile away when heard through this clever and woaderfal instrument«" 