A PERILOUS POSITION. By MARY ALBERT, ?Author of ' The Luckiest Man in thoJWorld,' v 'The Brido of a Day,' ' Brooke Finchley's Daughter,' 'A Hidden Terror,' 'Delias Story,' 'The Shelling of the Peas,' &o.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XVIL— A Love Tragedy. It is now high time to return to the youthful pair, Emmie and Martin, who had taken so largo a part in the rescue of little Basil and whoso father, Sir Bertram Lawford, had so unconsciously harbored the reputed suicide, Godfrey Byng. A mighty chango had come over the spirit of their dreams. As for the courageous girl, she was no longer in her old home, nor dia ner oromer, niarim, uuuuuuo to cheriBh his hopes of emigration and adven ture, for, saddened out of his boyiEh anticipa tions, he had gone back to school so changed and the Bpirit of gaiety eo crushed out of him that he no longer cared to join his companions in their sporta and had much difficulty in getting through hia daily task. And Leigh Furrowes— where was he ? Well, an unlooked-for and a disastrous thing had happened after the return home of Sir Bertram and Lady Lawford, who found all the neigh borhood and notably Lord Fitzreagh ringing with the praises of Iheir young son and daughter. And they had listened well pleased, but Emmie's mother had been quick to perceive that the girl was not a whit more inclined to marry her old and titled suitor than she had ever been. Then that very evening, after Lady T «n.fm-rl UnA fofriT-c/1 P'iTnmiA lnMlrinn* mnrfl beautiful than ever in hor youthful timidity had knocked at her mothers door. ' Mother,' she said, ' I am come to tell you the truth. Martin has been a very kind good boy and has saved me from being gossiped about, for though he did mean to go to Manitoba, I did not. as he allowed it to be supposed, hear him leave the house' at mid night and run after him. I went out because— because— Leigh and 1 were going away to be married secretly.' Lady Lawford drew a long breath. 'So that was it,' she answered slowly and severely ; 'now I understand. Weil, you have more to say— go on !' Emmie burst into convulsive tears at her mothers hard tone. 'When the carriage lie had ordered did not come I had time to reconsider, and I deter mined not to marry Leigh in that way and that I would confess all to you and father,' continued the young girl, now weeping in much distress. 'Really,' rejoined Lady Lawford, still more severely, 'these ate strange revelations. My eon had planned a flight to America— ruy daughter a secret marriage. The one redeem ing point is Martin's wit to save his family from a scandal.' ??'it wasLeierh who thought of it,' cried the Bobbing Emmie. 'For that I am extremely obliged to Mr. Leigh Furrowes,' rejoined her ladyship in a sarcastic tone. 'Still I am afraid that the same neighborhood will be to tniail to hold us both.' Emmie had listened with a vague feeling of dread, and at this moment her father, robed in his dressing-gown, entered the room. 'You are come just in time, Bertram !' ex claimed his wife. 'Our daughter has been very ingenuously laying the real state of the case before me and, of course, you must be made aware of it too. It seems that she was within an aco of running away with Leigh Furrowes.' 'Whew— w—w !' replied Sir Bertram, sink ing into a chair, with a very grave expression etealing into his face. ' Emmie, do not cry so bitterly. You have repented or you would not have confessed this to your mother. Come to me, my poor little girl. You shall have our forgiveness if you will assure us, most solemnly, that you will never many anyone without our consent.1' 'If she will engage to marry Lord Fitzreagh at once I will pardon her and forget her ter rible conduct,' interposed Lady Lawfoid. 'I shall never marry Lord Fitzreagh, mother,' rejoined Emmie, ceasing her sobs and speaking firmly. 'Oh, indeed \ Then I think you had better go out as a lady nurse cr something of that sort, for your father cannot portion you and your sisters save in the scantiest way ; and I shall see that you do not many Leigh, with his paltry two hundred a year ! I am not going to see your children running barefoot on the common without bread to eat. The young man will have to leave the place— I will speak to the rector — and you will be forced to come to your senees.' 'I shall be true to Leigh,' stammered Emmie; 'that is, though I shall not marry him secretly, I shall never, never marry any one else ; and in this I shall be firm even if it kills me.' 'Indeed!' rejoined Lady Lawford, in her hardest tone. ' Well, at present you had better go to bed and allow me and your father to get some sleep after our journey. Pray leave the room at once ; I have had enough ot your heroics at present. ' With which Bhe turned her back on her daughter, and Emmie, chilled and suddenly quiet, rose stumblingly to obey. 'Good night, Emmie,' said her father, hold ing out hia hand. ' ThiB will yet conio right if you are a good girl and open with ub.:- He would have kissed her but that he dreaded a violent tirade from his wife ; and so Emmie placed her cold, trembling fingers for a moment in her father's clasp and crept away, feeling heartbroken. It was eo hard to do right. She did not regret her resolve to do so at all Hazards, but she wished it had not been made quite so painful for her. ' I must say it was providential that Martin and Emmie each chose the same nighton which to carry out their escapade,,' began Lady Lawford ; 'otherwise we should have returned to find one married to a virtual pauper, the , other running a wild-goose chase to America. I can pardon him his boyish folly, on account of his temperament and the way in which he has saved our names from scandalous tongues ; but it is disgraceful of Emmie !' ' My dear, you must make some allowance. She lias known Leigh Furrowes all her life and he is a handsome fellow ; while poor old Lord Fitzreagh is really very ancient. The fact is, we are to blame in allowing Leigh and Emmio to see so much of each other.' 'How was it to bo prevented?' argued Lady Lawford. 'They nave lived in the IBamo pariBh and one must know the rector's family. However, the thing to be done is to separate them, and that finally.' ''And bow is this to be managed, for I agree with you that it would be a most imprudent marriage?' replied Sir Bertram. 'Imprudent!' re-echoed she. 'That word hardly. meets the occasion. It was h wicked thing to contemplate. However, providentially, we can stop it. ' How 7 enquired Sir Bertram, who cer tainly looked as worried as a man could be. 'How? Leigh Furrowes must be forced to go to China ! That will be a safo banish ment for a few years and it will be Btrange if I cannot in the interval bring Emmie to her ?ensea.' 'China 1' ejaculated the puzzled husband. 'Yea, China. Only yesterday you were ?aying you were sorry that our nephew Edgar is not old enough to accept the appointment you bad interest enough to secure. Let Leigh ; Furrowes take it ; anything to get him out of the neighborhood. I will talk to the rector, who will jump at it ; for he has wit enough to seo tTiat the comfortable homo he baa to give his children now will not be theirs when he is no ' longer alive. Now, remember, this is the first thing to secure. And now let us go to rest ; for we must be at work early in the morning. Wait, I will just intimate to that rebellious girl, Emmie, that she is not to leave her room until she receives permission.' So' saying Lady Lawford scribbled a hasty line on a scrap of paper, and, folding it to gether, went into the corridor and pushed it under her daughter's door. The slight noise she made awoke the girl from a troubled dream. ' Oh !' she sighed, 'I cannot rest. I must go and tell Martin. He is the only one, except Leigh, who really cares for me. Gently she opened her door, listened anxiously, and hear ing no noise in her mother's room threw on her dressing-gown and slid with softest tread down the corridor, brushing aside in her exit, without knowing it, that slip of paper which her mother had so lately pushed within the threshold. In this way it came to pass that she and Leigh did not miss their last interview. Fore seeing that all intercourse would bo forbidden them as soon as she had made her confession Emmie had consented to meet Leigh almost as soon as it was daylight in the shrubbery. Happy was it for both, poor children, that tuey could not see on into the immediate future. A pearly light was in the sky and all the world wrapped in the beautiful stillness of very early morning as the young girl stole down stair?, softly unlocked a door, and went out into the new day. Leigh was waiting for her under the trees. ' I think this is good-bye, Leigh, for years and years,' whispered Emmie as the young man encircled her in his arras. It was a grave, almost solemn, meeting1, each impressed with the saddened conviction that every effort would now be put in force in order to separate them. 'Be true to m», JUmmie, and then — at last — if you are not afraid of poverty we shall not be divided,' urged Leigh passionately. They talked long, pacing up and down under the friendly shelter of the old trees till hope and joy stole back to them and they emiled in each other's faoe.=. When the breakfast bell rang out with clanging sound Emmie and Leigh started ; they had thought it was still quite early. But there was no time to whisrar to each other more of their affection and their heart's grief. Emmie knew but too well the dire disgrace sho would incur by not appearing in the breakfast-room at the appointed hour. For a moment she let her beautiful head rest on Leigh's shoulder as he kissed her cheek, fondly calling her his own beloved one, and then she fled away, regaining the house by a back-door, and entering she breakfast-room in uncomfortable haste. 'Good morning, mother; good morning, father,' said she, iu a choked voice, following the formula which the young: Lawfords had uttered since they could speak clearly. 'Emmie,' cried Lady Lawford, in her severest tones of displeasure, 'why do you dare to defy mo in this way ? As long as you are in this house you will obey me, your mother.' Emmie gazed with bewildered eyes. ' I do not understand, mother. What have I done V' asked she. ' Done ! You have chosen to disobey my command when 1 had distinctly forbidden you to leave your own room till you received my permission to do so.' *' You did not say anvthing to me about it, mother,' faltered the- girl, rising to retire. 'Do not prevaricate. I wrote my com mand, and you must have seen the slip of paper I pushed under your door last night.' 'I did not, mother,' murmured Emmie, with a terrible sinking of the heart. Now she saw that it was determined to imprison her in her room while Leigh was at the rectory. She went away without another word and never did a day go by so heavily as that one, in which she sat gazing from the window and wondering what would happen next. Martin came and talked to her from the garden, but it was dreary work, and to Emmie, an active girl, full of energy, it was strange and sad to sit idly by the casement, with nothing to lift her thoughts froui the ono idea on which they brooded. In the evening she was surprised at receiving a command to corno down to dinner, during which meal her mother spoke not one single word, eo th it she was glad to return to her solitary room. 'You will hear more the day after to morrow,' said Lady Lawford, without raising her eyes, as Emmie withdrew. ' The pater is going to London to-morrow with the rector ; there's something in the wind,' whispered Martin hurriedly, as he gave his sister a candla There was indeed 'something in the wind.' She was soon to know more distinctly. The heavy day passed, another and another succeeded and then Lady Lawford's maid knocked at the young lady'6 door. 'Her ladyship wishes you to go downstairs, misB ; there are visitors iu the drawing-room.' Emmie obeyed passively. There was a buzz of conversation and tea was beiug handod about as she entered. Different phrases caught her ear. 'Such a good opening for a young man,' said one. 'And he was wise enough to seize the opportunity,' cried another. 'Oh, it is a capital thing for a young man to see the world,' was a third comment. 'Hongkong is not an El Dorado, I suppose, but it will offer the chance of securing a comfortable income by the time ho reaches middle age,' said a fourth. Who were they talking of? Emmie was quite indifferent and shook hands mechani cally with those near her. ' We were saying how fortunate Mr. Leigh Furrowes has been in securing this appoint ment abroad. He sails to-day,' remarked an old lady, turning to Emmie. Leigh gone 1 Sailed to-day 1 All ! she understood all now. It was he who had gone to Hongkong. But for that meeting in the shrubbery there would have been no farewell to remember. ' I don't think you are very well, my dear,' added the old lady, observing the change in Emmie's fair young face. 'No, no,' said Emmie stupidly. She did not quite know what she was saying. After this 'she remembered nothing more till she found herself in her own room with the family medical man bending over her. 'She inuBt be kept very quiet,' said Dr. Waters to the maid. 'Yes, sir.' 'What is the matter with me ?' stammered Emmie feebly. ' You have had a sort of shock, my dear young lady, and must not exert yourself for a few days.' Emmie closed, her eyes — everything seemed drifting away from her. It was nearly a fortnight before the young girl went downstairs again, by which time Martin had returned to school. There was no restriction now placed on Emmie's movements, for Leigh was gone ; she was free to do what she would. But she did nothing. The spring of her life seemed broken and she could not resume her old life. Several' weeks after Leigh's departure she was sitting listlessly in the library trying to write to Martin when the rector entered suddenly without being: announced. He looked distracted and his face bore traces of deep emotion and grief. 'Have you heard from Leigh, Mr. Fur rowes f cried Emmie, springing up, her youthful features betraying her agitation. 'My poor child, you cared for him,' cried the rector,' seizing' her hand. 'Yes, you cared.' Emmie clung to him, foreboding some disaster. 'Leigh?' she murmured questioningly. ' Yes, it is Leigh ; I havo Tost my boy— my own dear boy !' said the rector in passionate grief. '1 forced him away from home and country for the chance of riches, and now— I shall never see him again in this world.'' 'How did it happen?' asked Emmie in a voice hoarse nnd strange. 'Drowned — at sea,' faltered the stricken father. ' Drowned '.' repeated she in a bewilderod tone. She did not ask any more ; the tidings had so crushed her that she had no power to struggle any longer. Tlio world seemed blotted out for her now that Leigh was gone. By-and-bye she recognised that Iher father came to her imploriug her to speak to him, aud then that her mother came followed by Dr. Waters. Sho knew that they wero talking, but she did not comprehend what they said ; for in her tortured youug heart two or three words were ceasely repeating themselves — 'Drowned ! drowned at sea V 'Emmie, yuu must rouse yourself from this stupor — it is your duty,' said Lady Lawtord severely. But severity could not touch her now. She would have roused herself had it been possible to hfir, but the power seemed gone. Even her mother grew alarmed as the days passed on, daring which she sat exactly in the place to which the had been carried, making no remark, doing nothing, eating nothing. The whole neighborhood soon knew that. Emmio Lawford was quite broken in health aud that the medical man despaired of her recovery. ' Unless, by any chance, we could rouse her from this apathetic stupor,1' said he. 'Let me take her abroad with me when I go. Lady Lawford,' urged Margaret ''My aunt will arrive from America very soon now. j All the physicians I have seen insist that : I should go abroad, so that I shall start as soon ! as ever this dreadful business concerning the Tiuemans is decided, and as I do not meau to contest their claim, if it is a right claim, there will not be much delay. Eamne would havo every care, for my maid and courier are very experienced. Meanwhile let mo persuade you to let her stay with me at the Court — it would | be a littlo change, aud change is what she needs.' Lady Lawford was really grateful, for she was beginning to realise that her young daughter's hold on life was becoming very feeble. i 'But as Leigh Furrowca is gone she must! forget him !' thought the worldly mother. j Some days later. Emmie was located at Thorpeleigh Court preparatory to the pro jected journey abroad, and when Lady Law ford heard that she had at length shed a ; torrent of tears in Miss Thorpeloigh's arms a bitter load was lifted from her iadyahip's mind. Emmie was young ; with time all wouid come right ! 'Perhaps ehe may quite reeoveryet,' said Dr. Waters. ' And marry Lord Fitzreigii — who knows 1' added Emmie's mother to herself. 'Leigh is gone, poor fellow ! But, really, on two hun dred a year they could never have married !:- Then conscience spoke low but firmly — 'No, but he would have earned more, and j Emmie will some day have more thau two j hundred a year of her own.' j But what was the use of listening to con- j science now that Leigh was gone ? Drowned — drowned at sea ! CnAPTER XVIII. A Glimpse or Light. All this time Margaret h-\d lived through agonising days. For, over and above the .' panjrs occasioned by her being separated from j Godfrey Byng and her cruel doubt of him, ' there was always hanging over her head the terrible thought that sooner or later her Aunt Elizabeth would have to be told what was awaiting them with regard to the Truemans. Much as she disliked the latter, both father aud son, she could not but own that they were not grasping. Instead of intruding them selves upon her they had kept aloof. In placo of clamoring for more than she gavo and in sisting on their rights they accepted a small portion of what they could claim with a good deal of gratitude. The Truemaas might be illiterate and entirely out of her world, but they possessed a good deal of humility — all appearances to the contrary— and far from wishing to annoy her by their presence had waited very patiently for her aunt's return and had only petitioned that they might not lose the chance of completing the purchase of a farm in Australia, ou which the elder True man had set his mind. 'It was aucli a chance,' he argued respect fully, on paper; 'he wasn't fit company for grand folks, neither he nor his son, and 'twould be. best for all parties that he should settle there.' Aud when Margaret had ex plained to him that he would bo entitled to much more if he could satisfy the lawyers as to his claim he ECemed overwhelmed at the idea nnd at her own senso of justice, declaring that five hundred pounds was as much as ho and his boy would want. They were working folks and could earn what more they needed, and as to selling the Court; which had been here for so many years, and dividing the money with strangers about whom she never Jieard teJl tiJl the other day, he could nowise allow it, for it wouldn't be fair. The little farm and sheep run in Australia was all he wanted in consideration of his dead wife and her son. ' Margaret on hearing this felt a tide of Home thing liko gratitude rise iu her breast, as she asked herself whether any arrangement could be made by which she could live on quietly at the Court and not sell the dear old place, but allow the Truemans a yearly stipend in lieu of so many thousands down. Up to this timo ehe had supplied all their actual needs without doing much more, but now she began to ask herself if, under the cir cumstances, she could refuse to advance the sum for the purchase of the desired farm— since though the case had to come before tho lawyers she had herself seen the marriage certificate and there was little doubt that Lady Hurley credited the Trueman's tale— she who had been in America with her sister Susan. Un doubtedly it would be a relief to Margaret to know that her objectionable-looking brother in-law with his son were settled on the side of the clobe, but she had no intention that they should suffer any loss by their modest demands. Over and above this there wasakeen desire on her part to spare her aunt any actual en counter with the Trueraane, and Mrs. Beech had written to say that ebe might hope to sail within a week. As she paced mournfully up and down a soli tary walk within her own grounds Margaret came to the conclusion that she would visit tho older Trueman, question him still more, and then, if she felt as much convinced of the truth of his assertions aa she did at that moment, to take the responsibility on herself of advancing the five hundred pounds. Everything' else could be arranged by letter. Up and down, up aud down the darkening path she went, her heart (aa ever at this hour in particular) turning towards Godfrey Byng. Where was he now? Unhappy man ! Why had he separated himself from her so hope lessly 1 The remembrance of their meeting not far from this very spot, and of all the hopes which then arose, only to die, rent her soul. Suddenly she was startled by a rustling among tho leaves of the shrubbery, and the next moment .she caught her breath while a thrill of alarm went through her as she became aware of a figure flying across her path and hastily disappearing from view in the gloom which was deepening every moment. ' It was the vicar,' gasped 6he, all aloud to herself, as she stood rooted to the spot, gazing in the direction the figure had taken. 'Mr. Luf ten, 'cried 6he, rushing forward, though she trembled from head to foot. ' Mr. Luf ton.' There was no response, however, and Margaret, very much shaken by this recontre and unable to see anything distinctly iu the fast gathering twilight, sped, stricken with nervous dread, to the safety of th« house. ' Why, ma'aiu, you look as if you had seen a ghost,' said Jane, who had just carried a lamp iuto the hall. - 'Oh, Jan-.?, I have. I have scon a ghost, perhaps,' faltered she. 'At any rate the figure which darted just now across the shrubbery path looked exactly like Mr. Luiton.' I Jane uttered a cry on hearing this and ! became almost as pale as her young mistress ; ? and then Anne, tho imder- houeemaid, hearing I the cry, came up to ask what was the matter and found Miss Thorpelcigh aud her maid white and ttembling. Margaret was the first to regain control over herself and whilst the story that Mr. Lut'ton's ghost bad been seen flew through the village Margnrct was writing a note to the inspector of police to acquaint him with what sho .had ! witnessed. i The above functionary called at thfs court I immediately afterwards, wearing a very grave demeanor. 'In my opinion, madam,' said he, 'this makes the case look very grave. You see if poor Mr. Lufton has been murdered this may 1 be a trick of the murderer to set up a ghost I story ; one never can reckon what criminals in fear of their lives will do. It looks very bad, to my mind, that anyone should have dressed up like tho vicar just as night was coming on. Of course it might have been done for a joke, people are so silly ; but, if so, it was most unfitting. ' Then you feel certain that the figure I saw could not have been Mr. Lufton himself ?' re joined Margaret tremulously. 'Judge for yourself, madam,' returned the inspector. 'None but a madman would hide foe' weeks, nay, months now, from his home and reappear iu the twilight only to Hy away; and whatever else- Mr. Lufton was he certainly was not a madman. I never knew a clearer minded, nicer gentleman.' Margaret sighed, a very despondent feeling' seized on her. What the inspector had said was true, the vicar was incapable of acting in such a manner ; he was a man of high cha racter, nor could any person imagine for a moment that he was insane. ' We shall know his fate someday, I don't doubt, madam,' continued the oliiopr ;.'but it will have be.n a sad one, I fear, and we must uiake up our minds to it. I'll wish you good night, madam, and thanks to you for acquaint ing me with this matter.' Wiien the inspector was gone a painfuj, nervous dread took possession of Margarel/s mint). How drearily the days went by ! What doubt and uncertainty surrounded hw t Whichever way she looked her life's horizon was dark. Godfrey was lost to her— perchance her old dear home must be vacated ; nor could she ever forget, even should the Truomans go to the antipodes, that these people had been very near to Susan and were now near counec tiuns to herself. The vicar's fate wa3 still a mystery, and with the home-coming of her aunt the painful story of the Trueuians must be unfolded. The morning broke gloomily. She was sitting absorbed in sorrowful remembrance wliun her maid, quivering with excitement, literally rushed into the breakfast-room. 'Oh, ma'am,' she stammered, 'there's news at last.' 'News of what?1 replied Margaret, rising in haste. ' Is Mr. Lufton's fate ascertained, then '!' 'It is indeed, ma'am. But it is strange — Mr. Lufton has returned to the vicarage !' 'Returned!' gasped Margaret, utterly bs wildered but hardly crediting the story. ' Oh, yes, ma'am ! He walked into his study without a word of explanation, only telling his housekeeper to get him something to cat. Aud he won't say a word about where he has been all this time.norwhyhewentawa-y. Ho says he shan't think of preaching on Sunday, and that for the future he shall employ a curate, as lie needs rest.' ' It is very unlike Mr. Lufton to act in such a manner,' stammered Margaret, more and more amazed. 'It is indeed, ma'am,' agreed the maid, who still looked much agitated. 'His house keeper and the girl under her, as well as the garden-boy, all declare that 'Master is very odd!'' 'Go up to the vicarage at one?, Jane, and ask for further tidinga. 1 am too much agitated to go myself,' said Margaret hur ridly. 'I'll go this moment, ma'am,' said Jane, well pleased to be send ou this errand. And the maid's feet never flagged as she hastened to the vicarage. But others had proceeded her there, in par ticular Lord Lauford ; and in deference to his ago and rank the others fell back and allowed him to go in first. Aud Jane did likewise, but she waited in the vicarage garden near enough to the entrance of the house to overhear what passed between his lordship and Mr. Luftou's distressed housekeeper. 'He's himself, and yet not himself, my lord,' remarked tho bewildered woman, 'and ho refuses to see anyone.1' 'Then he must bo suffering from mental aberration,' returned tho nobleman, 'and ho must bo seen. I ain one of the churchwardens, and it is my duty to find out what is amiss. Where is Mr. Lufton?' 'In his study, my lord, and there ho sits with his old hat on ; but he's not himself, auy how.' Without another word Lord Lanford walked into the house, and what then took place Jane only learned a littlo while afterwards, for it is almost needless to explain that sho waited to know more before returning to Thorpeleigh Court. What actually happened was as follows : — Lord Lnnford knocked at the clergyman's study door and then opened i-, when, sure enough, seated before his writing-table was tho long-lost vicar. ' Why, Lufton !' exclaimed Lord Lanford, 'what a fright you have given us all. Why did you go away '-' And then, as he looked closer at the figure before him, the old nobleman asked himself silently if this man was or was not the lost vicar. For the figure seated in the leather chair, though like him, very like, reaembled him with a difference and when (scared perchance by the fixed regard which Lord Lanford fast sued upon him) he rose abruptly and with this hasty movement his broad-brimmed felt hat fell otf, then Lord Lanford perceived that the man beforo him was not the vicar. 'Stop him!' cried the old nobleman; 'stop him !' For the other had leapt tohiB feet in an instant, had flung bock the glass door which opened on to the strip of lawn, and had fled wildly towards the nearest belt of woodland and not far distant. Neitheir Lord Lanford nor the housekeeper, however, were equal to the chase, which they yet pursued, hoping to keep the fugitive in view. . '~ . Someone was personating the vicar; this Was the bewildering thought in the minds of each as they hurried onwards in the vain attempt to overtake the runaway, while the still more bewildering question shaped itself iu their minds— 'With what motive was this done ?' Lord Lanford was the first to be beaten in the chase. He stopped, panting, and, leaning against a gate, saw tho counterfeit vicar dis appear into the wood. The housekeeper toiled on a little further, aud then she, too, gave in, gasping for breath. ' We have lost him,' cried the oid noble mau, who was very much excited, as indeed he well might be. ' I'd best go into the village, my lord, and tell what has happened,' answered she breath lessly. His lordship nodded. ' Yes, do, as quickly as you can,' he managed to say. Then the woman hobbled off and Lord Lan ford went on into the wood. He could not nm after the fugitive, but he would not turn back. Some of the villagers would be sure to be ou the' spot directly when such a circum stance had occurred. Good heavens ! who could have been so heartless, so daring, and so much of an adept at disguise as to have assumed the part of personating the lost Mr. Lufton. If it was only a clever trick it well deserved exposure; while if it were done to throw the authorities off the track of a great enmo it was a grave duty to trap tho culprit Lord Lanford, toiling along the path by which the fugitive had vanished, perceived all tne importance of the capture he was attempt ing, since if accomplished it might unravel the clergyman's fate. Was this the culprit who had dared this reckless deed in order to raise the beliel that the missing man was still alive ? Anxiously the old nobleman scanned the path in hopes to catch a glimpse of some pedes trian who might join in the pursuit, for time was of supremo importance. An instant afterwards he perceived some one in the field adjoining the wood and fran tically signalled to this individual to approach. The young man thus hailed paused and then began to run towards him. **Hi, hi -' shouted his lordship. ' Coming,' returned the other. Lord Lanford continued to gesticulate and to beckon to the young man, who was now nearing him with rapid strides. 'What, Mr. Olford, is that you? You were never u;. re welcome,' exclaimed his lord ship when the other was within speaking dis tance. ' Have you heard of what has happened at the vicarage?' 'I have just heard that Jfr. Lufton has re turned home and am on my way to the vicarage,' replied Reginald. 'Ho has not returned. Someone has been base enough to personate him,' cried Lord Lanfi.rd breathlessly. 'When I confronted him in the vicar's study and when in trying to evade me l,is broad-brimmed hat fell off 1 at once detected the imposture. The man has fled and has just vanished into that wood. Go after him, Mr. Olford, while I rouse the neigh borhood.' ' Into the wood ?'' re-echoed the young man, j and as Lord Lanford nodded astent lie was oft in pursuit without further parley. Indeed, Kegiuald Oli'ord was not a man to let the grass grow under his feet when ho had such a i matter in haud and fully alive to tho situation he dashed recklessly into the depths of the wood. V 'He'll hunt down the miscreant if auyone can,' muttered Lord Lanford, much relieved in mind at having secured such a coadjutor. 'A nice fellow is Reginald Olford. What a misfortune that the charming Miss Thorpeleigh did not fall in love with him instead of that wretched Mr. Byng. I am sorry enough for her, having these vulgar unknown relations swooping down on her.' Now it happened that during1 the past night Margaret had iaiu awako pondering deeply on what her duty towards the Truemana rea'ly was. With infinite pain she had arrived tit the conclusion that she had failed in it — that she had been cowardly in her shrink ing from seeing and questioning the man who claimed to be her brother- in-law, and sho had decided to go aud visit him the next day. He, too, if he had really been Susan's husband, might have some things which ho wished to say to her, and however she might revolt from meeting him sho resolved to overcome her re pugnance .ind to go. As we have set-n thia next day brought the startling news tiiat the lost vicar had returned. Hiliinjton, the viliage at which the True mans were lodging, was not far otf ; she would walk through the woods as soon as h«-r maid returned with tidings of the vicar. It seemed almost too good to hope that Mr. Lufton had actually come back. Godfrey would bo cleared of remaining under suspicion at any rate. Jane came in, breathless and excited. 'It wa3 not tho vicar himself, ma'am,' gasped she, 'only someone dressed up to look like him. Lord Lanford and a good many of tho villagers are trying to take the impostor. It seems so dreadful that anyone hhoulcl have dared to play such a trick !' Margaret was at first Bpeechless with dis appointment and surprise. Some base minded person had found pleasure iu as vile a subterfuge as anyone could imagine. With a heavy sigh eho roused herself after the lapse of a few minutes nnd telling her maid where she was going she set off for the Truemans' lodging. What need was there for any secrecy since all her world (excepting tho absent Mrs. Beech) were by this time aware of poor Susan's ill-judged marriage. Desirous of avoiding tho road through the village sho took a circuitous path leading into the very wood through which some time previously tho man who had personated the missiug vicar had fiowrt. Margaret went into the middle of the wood, when, all at onco hurried steps, followed by a shout and by the crashing of brushwood (as of someone dashing through the undergrowth), met her ear. She paused, wondering what the commotion could mean and half terrified at it. Tlie next moment intense surprise rooted her to the spot as two figures emerged into a clearing and as si 10 gazed tho girl fairly gasped for breath. Well might she feel utter bewilderment at sight of the moving personages dashing across the open space before her, for in each sho seemed to sen tho lost Mr. Lufton. She attempted to cry out for help, but agitated as sho was, tremulous, fearful, her voice did not attract the attention of the two persons in view — one of whom was pursuing, the other retreating before his pursuer. Could it pe possible that in one of these Bhe saw the missing clergyman ? Controlling ber desire to fly from the spot, ehe went forward as quickly as she could, but before she had gained the clearing they had both disap peared. Margaret's intention of seeing the Truemana that day vanished; another duty had inter vened, for it was imperative that she should at once make known what she had witnessed. She was flying down the woodland path, when someone coming in a contrary direction uttered a surprised exclamation and she recognised Reginald Olford. 'Ob, Mr. Olford I I have been so startled 1' cried Bhe tremulously ; ' I thought I saw Mr. Lufton — or rather, two Mr. Luftous— in the midst of that clearing.' ' What, here 7' he answered in an agitated tone. 'Yes, yes 1 It was only a moment ago that I saw what appeared to be the lost vicar and someone besides who was the exact counterfeit of him.' 'Which way was it?' asked Reginald breathlessly. 'To the left, and one was pursuing the other. I will go and make it known.' Without the loss of a moment she made for the shortest path out of the wood and told her breathless tale at the nearest cottage, begging that someone would go to assist Mr. Olford in his search. ' 'Taint no use, miss, not if a hundred of us was to go,' rejoined the woman who had answered her summons. ' 'Tis the poor gentle man's ghost wandering about the wood.' 'Indeed, it was no ghosb, Mr. Porter,' argued Margaret. 'Who can I ask to join in the search ? Who will be at home f ' ' My dear, miss, 'tis many a day since poor Mr. Lufton vanished, as one may say, and now he's seen first ju one place, then in another ; now at Hillington, then in the copse near by. 'Tis his spirit, poor gentleman, come back to this earth to ory for vengeance. 'Twasn't no other that went to the vicarage, neither.' Seeing it vain to argue the matter Margaret went to other cottages with much the same result, and having at length roused the car penter and a bricklayer out of work to consent to help in the search she reached home almost too much dispirited to wonder what tidings concerning the vicar would next be spread abroad. ( To be continued. ) 