A \I/tDERFUL WUIM4IA 'T H DANGCERFELD .,MYSTERY >t1 MIiS. M4AY AGNIS FLEMING. CHI.\1T.EsR XXITL-?Continued)" ",A vti1tim? Velli no, I think not I tln ; yils; to reaoil'e where I hare seen 3iio 11 i';rncastle otur.r .." "W\\\hat :." cried I ady Dangerfield ; .,a. t,,? Oh. ,hiss s too much. First 7,,tl tllys-land, then dir Peter Danger fiell., now Cali.ain O'Donnell, all are tia- stised at sight of my governess, and !usist that. dead or alive, they'have met her lefre. Now, where was it you kne'W hW. Captain O'Donnell? Surely . at, i .\\]iers:"' - - \--,, in .\lgiers, certainly.. Where.I " ,.--n Iler before I cannot tell; seen ,iwr 1 have. that is positive. My mem ,,ry ftr facts and faces may be trusted. l\e it rs is not a face to be seen and -,,y::-n. -iyt just now I cannot place ,nur waltz, I believe, Lady Cecil," ,.lai:ned1 a gentleman coming up and talaamin; before ler. It was tSuire Talbot, of M3orecambe, and I?lily Cecil. with a few last smiling aotl?s over her white shoulder" to the -hoasseur. took his proffered arm and moved away. tiow strange," she was thinking. -thalt Captain O'Donnell should have known her. to[! Really, Miss Herncastle is a lmoist mysterious personage. "Why Sit. I winder, that she attracts and fa?oina= me ru? It isn't that 'I like her-I don't; I doubt, I distrust her. Yet I lekr t hook at her, to hear her talk, to ,,aiinder about her. How rapt Sir Arthur t,.,ks! I never succeeled in en thaining him like th:,t. Four hours a?, I' was on tlle brink of asking me 1o be his swifl--neow h looks as.though ther wm-re not another woman in the .ehtnem ,f the uiniverse than Helen tlerntiasts. Am I je:alous. I wonder.? D I roatlly want to mat ry him, after all? A.n I I, ' ,luette they call mne?" She smtiledi itterly as she looked to wards tthm. Squire Talbot caught that iatk ad fllowed it. Eh: Quite a flirtation going on there, ,.rtainly." Ie vwas. rather obtuse, the squir. "Didln't think Sir-Arthur was much of a lady's man, but gad! to-night l:e -:nms-- Oh. good heaven!" Ie sioppedt short--he stared aghast. liss Hernic.stle had lifted her stately heal from? a book of engravings and tmuled her face full towards them. and for the tirst time Squire Talbot saw her. Lady Cecil looked at him, and laughed outright. Amnazement, "consternation. rn.r. were actually pictured upon his iWhat: an,,ther! Upon my word. the plOt. itick,ens rapidly. You, too, have inotwn 3liss Herneastle, then, in some other ,ri bletter world? Is she destined :o s:rik.: every gentleman she meets in this sensational manner?' "Mias--what did you call her. Lady Crecil? God Heaven! I never saw such a resenthlanee. Upon my sacred h-tmor. Lady Cecil. I thought it was a i"f cnur---that's the formula-they all say that. Whose ghost do you take her f. r, ?Tr Talbot "' "tIathet?ine Datngerfield, of course p:etr Kathie. It is-heavens!--it is as lIke hter as-" The squire pulled out his .cambric and wtiped his flushled and exci:tedl face. "I give you miy word, I nlever saw such a rt-icnblance. Except that thlli lady his darker hair, and-yes -yes. I think--and is tailer and more wimanly-sthe is-' Again l?e squire paused. his cnsternati,tn enly permit ling dis?,vnnctd senttences. " I never saw anything like it-never, I give you my honor' \What dots Sir Peter say? He must have noticed it. and, cad ! it can't be pleasant -:- him." "Sir Peter has been in a collapsed and hnorrified sitate ever since she entered ear-rwood. Oh. yes. hle sees it-not a doubt of that. Miss Herncastle is like Wne of Wilkie Collins' novels - to interest intensities steadily to the -!-the '1lan in the Iron Mask' was a-t rm'ing compared to her. Really, f e keeps frightening people in this .i, I greatly fear Lady Dangerfield r.l send her away. A living ghost 5n't !e a pleasant instructress of .'a ,loes not seem to frighten Sir Arhur Tregenna, at least," said Squire Tatlb. 1.=ginning to'recover from his tldenu shock. "And so she Is only the Ogverness. I never saw such a resem Itance-never in all my life. 'What-would Edith sa, I twonder- if she could see-it?" "'Edith'" ' - nsiselr, you know-used to be Katherine Dangerfield's bosom . frieid and confidanti- married now, you know -De Vere of the -th, and gone to the Sauti of France for her health. Never ai such a striking resemblance in all mp lifet" And then they whirled away in their waltz. How strange-how strange ! Lady Cecil kept thinking. Perhaps that saas why her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table. No one hterrupted them. It was a most pro nounced flirtation. Even Captain O'Donne!l declined the request of his hosters and the earl that he should go ulp and speak to his friend. It was Miss Herncastle herself who lmlkeI up the tete-a-tete. Sir Arthur had becotme so interested. so absorbed in his companion, and the pictures, as to quite forget the flight of time. Then, from an inner room, Cecillsaw the tall ahasseur makes his way through the trowd and approach. She could evn har his deep,. mnellow tone : Tregenna, my dear fellow, ihow are Then, with a look of surprise and de light animating his grave face, she saw the Crnish btaronet clasp the hand of the Irish Sitlier of fortune. Calitain O'Domutell op the morrow again came over from Castleford in the e7t ,f the summer evening. Sir Arthur Treganna had sought out the. chasseur C a .ishing stream,tand the itwain re 'aUd toge-ther to dinner. T,-u find us alone yet, Captain ,0Donnell." said Lady Dangerfleld. Cel has taken to literature, as you see, s 15 company for no one. I never Itd. Captain O'Donnell; books aie all taike--hspelessly stupid tnowadays. hat is that -ou have there, Queenle?" Lady C,-cil looked up. - " -"' -. t'Bllads of Ireland.' I came upon b chance in the library half an hour Mo. I am reading Davis' Fontenioy.' faltain 0'Donnell did any of your an t-sO?rs fight at the battle 6fFontenoy?": 'o the legends of the hotise say, at Slt. Anld i iis believed that itlwa, a -eamond O Donnell who folight'aid"fell Sthle fatal field of Fontehoy."'.-. ladr Dangerfield looked'.interested. "A Rlmond O'DonneyltS-. jteally l a it Queenie. will you?"I . . te lanced suddenly at the gover -is iernecastle." she said ..'you will t it to Lady Dangerfield willt you idt. -omehow I think you can read "I an try," Miss Ierneastle an t advanced, took the IMol?k, and 1\. h uh Ifore her auditors; The last hsr .f thle setting son' Phone full Upon tha all, statuesque figure, her :ale, stptstleass face, .ocken eser In the pas ites calm of marble She began. , -l9s Herncastle could r;ead aloud Ly Cteil had heen right . What a di }Isly musical -vofee It was-?o Chtt 5o calm, so sweet! TShe-made -a. lhs~ atritin picture, standing there, -. tliht "ilding her- face anid her -d"-illaek hair. " ..,:. · : th~ th?uht Lady Cecil Clivei sd iin 'l ;ir Arthur Tregenna and Cap ,i n5 fnell. Both gentlemen, as if int~ il simultaneous Impulse listened :"'cl-ar. thrilling a. a bugli blast 51\. t the stirring words A l.ght t-Qi3 ilto the reader's eyes, a- glow li ,.r her Dale face:; every heart -"r '1tred under the ring 'of hier-one, 5\. bet- gesturei§a sihe ceased, S*-"By Jupitjat-"R ediiond Ooinell ex claimed ti0nder his breath 'tht woman ,l i0 C ecil stretche out her hand for i t eol a look-of i; OSrised admiration In her eyes. - Miss Herncastle,,a she said' "you Sread that ,plendldly. The poet should .have heard you. I knew you could read, but not like that. ou are a born ac tress." The eyes of Redmond O'Donnell were fixed on Miss-la Herncastle with- such a look of utter wonder-of sheer amare ment and of recognition-that the baro net stared at him- in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an in Sspiration where he had seen Miss Hern castle before. He started like a man: from a trance at the sound of the baro Snet's surprisedpolce. S."How thunderstruck you look, O'Don L nell," he said, with a touci of impa Stience in his tone; "did you never before hear a lady read?" " I The half- irritated wordi'fally.aroused him. Redmond O'Donnell turned away from the governess -tlth a slght?litugh. . "Rarely like that. -mon aml: And 'I have just solved a Tiddlethat hias puzz led me since last night. .I think I have had the.pleasure of both seeing" and hearing Lady Dailgerfield's very re markable governess before to-day." It wanted just a quarter to twelve when Redmond O'Donnell left Scars wood Park, alidl tok his way, on foot to I the towni He had been offered a horse, he had been offered a bed, and had de clined both. . To walk on- such a night was a luxury. 'He lit a manilla, and went over the road with his long caval Sryman's stride. i It was a perfect night, the sky :Seep Sblue, the stars golden-and glorious, the t moon sailing up serene in their 'shiny midst. Long shadows of tall trees lay rblack across the road; the hedge-rows Smade the night air odorous, and, far or Snear, no living thing was to be seen. Far or near! Redmond O'Donnell I pulled up suddenly in his swinging pace, and looked away afield. His sight was Sof eagle keenness.. What dark moving figure was: that yonder, crossing a stile, and vanishing amid the-tall gorse? It was a woman-:more, it was familiar even'at that distance. In a moment his resolution was taken. 'What woman was this out for a mid night ramble ? She must have come straight from-Scarswood-there was no other habitation near. Captain O'Don nell set his lips, flung away his cigar among .the fern and. grasses, vaulted like a boy over.the hedge, and in a mo ment was in full pursuit. The figure that had vanished in the shadows of the waving gorse re-appear ed in the broad moonlit field. A woman -no doubt about that nolw-a tall wo man, walking swiftly, lightly, grace fully, as only young womerh ever'walk. That stately stature, that pose of the head and shoilders, surely all were fa minliar - and a quarter-past twelve, alone and in haste! What mystery was here? " "Some instinct told me, six hours ago, when I recognised her first, that s6me tiing was wrong-I ami convinced of it now. Something is wrong. What brings her here-of all people in the world, and in the character of-a nursery governess? And where is she going at this unearthly hour of night?" J Still she went on-still the unseen pur suer followed on her traack. She never looked back; straight, swift, as one who has some fixed end in view, she went on. and still, steady and relent less, determined and stern, Redmond O'Donnell followed. Her destination was Bracken Hollow. It came upon him, seen for the first time, black and grim, buried among its gloomy trees, lonely and deserted. No lights gleamed anywhere about it; its shutters were closed-unutterably eerie and desolate in the white shimmer of the moon. But the nocturnal-visitor opened the - grim wooden gate with a key she carried, relocked it, and for the first time paused to look back. She saw no one-the trees, and the shades, and the distance hid the pur suer; only the silver sheen of the stars and moon, the boundless blue sky, the spreading green of earth, and the soft night wind whispering over all. She turned from the gate, hurried up the grass-grown path, and vanished In the inky gloom of the porch. - Redmond' O'Donnell emerged from the shadow of the trees, and approached the gruesome dwelling. He paused at the wooden gate, wihich barred his fur ther advance,-and gazed up the black, forbidding front. In his rambles over the neighborhood he had never come upon this out-of-the-way place;'it lay in' a spot so remote, so unfrequented, that few ever did come upon it by chance, and those who knew it gave it a wide berth, for it bore the ghostly reputation' -of a haunted house, He stood, his folded arms resting upon the gate, 'tall sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and waited for-lhe hardy knew what. WThat ought he to do? While he still stood there irresolute, lost in wonder and a sort of awe, the porch-door opened and the mysterious lady he had followed appeared.. A second figure-the' bent form of a very old woman-came after. The first was speaking. ' "No, no, Hannah, you shall not come. Afraid! What nonsense! The time foi me to fear anything earthly is past ! Nothing, living or dead, will harm me ! I will reach Scarswood in less than three-quarters of an hour, get in asI got out, in spite of all Sir Peter's chains and locks, and to-morrow be once more my lady's staid preceptress of youth. Han nah, Hannah, what a life it is! Go back; try to-keep everything quiet. How for. tunate Bracken Hollow is thought-to be haiinted;,auid'no one ever comes here by night or day: Nothing goes on for ever I don't want it :to. go.on for-ever. My time Is drawing near; little by little the light is breaking, and mysday is coming. I will return as speedily as possible. Now, good night!" S.SShe ran down the steps, walked with her firm, resolute; fearless tread down the-path, and, - as before, lingered a second or two at the gate. : \- The old .woman liad gone back to the house,- and .the tall, dark figuire under the 'firs she did not see. She drew out'her watch, and looked at it: by the :light of the'moon. "'Half-past one!"' she :mrmured. "'I Shad not thought it so.late . It will be a quarter, past two, then, before I reach Scarswood!",;: ,"'And a:-:ery )ate hour for Miss Hern castle to be out alone!" - " Obeying aniimpulse-he could not resist, the chasseur emerged from-the tree shadows, and stood before her. " - * ' With-her perm~ssion, -Iwili see--'br safely back. .:,-- " ,'- . - .,:. " And then, with t ?eibright light if the. I moni6?.nupn his :ace, Redmonhd O'Don nell removed his hat and bowed to Miss *Herncastle'' -. ; Se I hot screai, she didot ceashedid not'even startt. There nimust 'have been brave blood in the governessl -eins. -" She stood there quite still, and faced him; l ut in the moonlight that grey pallor came over the resoluteo face, and the great grej eyes dilated with something of the look-of'a hunted stig. "Captain' Redmond O'Donnell," .she said, slowly, "'it is you! ' I breathe again-for one moment I absolutely took you for a ghost. '::My nerves are"good, but you gave them a shock." - ::"Yes," -Captain O'Donnell: drily an swered, :'I-think:ydur ners-es are good,; Miss Herniasetle:- There are not many young ladies-not maiy-strong- mninded I governesses even--whio would fancy the long, .lonely walk between. Scarswood 'and this place between. the ghostly hours of twelve and two." S.:'No doubt," she said, with a smile, ':you considered,it your duty to follow me here to-night-to dog my steps, like the hireling assassin of an Italian no vel-to (it is not a" pleasant word, but the word I want) play the spy?" He was walking by her side. He was lowering .the pasture bars of a field as she spoke, to let her pass through. "Spy?" he said. "':ell, yes, I con fess it looks like it. Still, in justice to myself and my motives, let me say something more than simple curiosity has been at work to-night." "And yet, I suppose, the: impulse of a gehtleman would be-to turn back at once, and think no more about It. "That was, I know, the first thought of Cap taln O'Donnell; the bravest chasseur'ln all the army of -Afrioa. hMay I ask why he did ~iot act upon it?" "Simply for this reason-that Captain O'Donnell recognised Miss Herncastle at sdi o'clock last evening as she stood reading 'Fontenoy.' " "Indbed!" Miss Herneastle responded, with supreme indifference. "Recognis ed me, did you? I-am rather surprised at that. You encountered me in the streets' of London probably before 1' came here?" .'No, madam; I encountered you'lIn very different city. I have 'an excellent memory for faces, and though I maybe Puzzled to- place them for'ra while, I generally come but right in the end." "You'knew me?" Miss Herncastle re; peated; but 'her eyes w?re "glenaming strangely now. -"Well, sir; you;k"know nothing. to my discredit; I hope?" I: ;,: "Nothing to your discredit, if you have told-Lady Dangerfleld the ',truth, but baronets' wives rarely look for, their children's.lnstructresses in the person of -a New York actress." ~"Captain- O'DDoniiil!r' ' -'.~ "Maiss Herncastle!" And then there was a pause, and for. an instant how horribly- thick :and fast Miss Herncastle's heart beat only Miss Herncastle ever knew. "The play was 'Hamlet,' pursued the pitiless voice of the chasseur, !'and the great transatlantic actor, Edwin Booth, played the doleful Prince of Denmark. The Ophelia of the play was a. tall, black-brewed, majestic woman, - who acted superbly. Miss Herncastle,' I don't remember the.name of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honor of walking by her side to-night.", She-- turned to him with a swift, im passioned gesture of both hands-the atrical perhaps,lbut real. - "Why should I lie to you? You are a man: You will not betray me. -I-will tell the truth. 'I am': the New York -actress.. - I am the Olihelia. you beheld six months ago." - "I kney. It," he answered, -with conm posure. "I saw you,many.nights in succession,: Now,: -when I recognised you, I said to myself i. 'This actress, whom a crowded house applauded to the Very echo, night after night, 'has some motive-a sinister one, in all likelihood \--n quitting her profession and coming to this house in the role of governess. For,, of course, Lady Dangerfield is in utter ignorance of her antecedents-be lieves whatever story Miss Hernc?istle chooses to tell her." ;"You state youri case ?with all theipiti less grimness of the stern old judge-on the hench," said :Miss Heirncastle; bitter ly. "But what business Is it of yours? Are you my lady's keeper? Has your 'own fate been orderd sob6imoothly that you 'should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with:whoin life has gone hard?" \- Something in her tone moved himr something .in that passionate, savage, -hunted look of her eyes touched him,'he hardly knew why. "No, .Heaven knows," he said, sadly, "my own life has been no pathway of roses.. I am the last man on earth to set up in"judgment upon iny struggling fellow mortal, and accuse him:- "I have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This night's work, this night's discov ery, and your avowal shaill be as though they had never been. - WTVhether I do right or wrong in concealing the truth is much too subtle a question for me I only know I will conceal it." She held out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. "For that much at least I thank you. Why I have left the stage, why I have come here, you may one day know. And now shall we say good night?" "How will you get in?" he akked. "The doors and windows seem bolted for the night." "Doubly bolted, and doubly- barred," HMiss Herncastle replied, -with a con- temptuous laugh, "'to keep out burglars and ghosts - the two bugbears of St. Peter's life. Nevertheless, I will get in. Good night,' Captain O'Donnell." He lifted his hat and turned at once. M-iss Herncastle stood where he had left her, following 'the tall, gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field so swiftly, with a strange expression in.her eyes and on her lips. - CHAPTER XX1V--"AS IN A GLASS, -1 DARKLY." On. the night following "Miss Herneas tle's adventure: Sir Peter rode home wards from Castleford, where he had `been yisitin;, close upon min!ight, He was in hig?h good spirits-for hfmn. 'hie night was lovely, bright as day, and twice as beautifuL In his elation just then all his constitutionial dread of ghosts, of "black spirits and white, blue spirits and grey," vanished, and he was actually trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scampered along. The clocks of Castleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve as the baronet entered his own domain and rode up the avenue. \- What.was that? His horse had shied so suddenly as nearly-to throw him off. They were near a huge oak, called the King's Oak, from the legend'that the Young Pretender had once taken re fuge there from his pursuers... Its grea~t branches cast shadhs-s for y'rds around and slowly out of those gloomy shadow~s -oh, Heaven!--a figure came-a white figure, Wifth Streaming haIr, and --face upturned to the: starry sky:-. All in .white-true ghostly garmentrs-noiselhes, slow,: it gllded out, and stood fullin his pathway. - The bright, cold light of the moon shonefull upon it, and he saw- the dead face of li~therine Dapigerfield! - Katheimne Dangerfeld! 1 Not a doubt of it. ?V?o should know that face bet ter thanl he, as he used to see her long ago in her white dress and flowing hair? Katherine Dangerfeld, with a face of stone ulturned to the midnlght skj',i • He sat frozen:-fora amoment- frozen with a :horror - too intense- for words or cry. ' Then :the startled horse shied again, and a-. shriek rang. out in the midnight still ness that those who heard might never forget. ,Then the horse plunged madly forward; and there was the sound of a heavy fall . - The groom, half asleep at his post, rushied out--two or three dogs barked loudly in-their .kennels-the grodm rushed foirward and selzed the horse, qul'ering with rlight. He; was''ider less'! 4At a little-distance loy Sir Peter, face dobwniards, on the dewy grass, like a dlead mhan Auld ndthing else, eatrthly -or unearthly, was anywhere to be seen. e-The groom echoed his master's cry as he stooped and lifted- hI1s up. He was senseless-bel hiad stiuck his foreheaid. on a stone, and· was bleeding freely. It 'Ias atn ~awfullyh t glia ??ldee upon which the moon shone. - The double alarm had been heabd. In five minutes another of the grooms, sleeping over the stable, came running to the spot. SThey bore the stark ~nd bleeding form hetween -them;, found his night-key. in his pocket, opened-the door, and carried him iup to his own room. . Sir Peter, however, long before a sur; geon arrived, had come to himself again. heh;doctor dressed the wound on his forehead, which was trifling, prepared a seklative, and administered it. iThe 'news .pread,-rals such news is pretty sure to do. By noon that day all Castleford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had beheld KIatherine Dangerfleld's ghost under the trees of Sears~wood-had fallen from his horse in a fit--had struck his temple on a stone. The news spread-it was the talk of the town-and among others came to the ears of Captain O'Do.nell. He walked over. It was past three •when he reached Scarswood. On ex pressing his desire to see Sir Peter, he was shown-n up to the baronet's room. "I trust I am not an intrudei Sir ?peter," the young Irishman said, com-' ing forward; "but hearing of your ac= cident - "Come in, O'Donnell-come in!" the sharp, querulous voice of the "invalid said. "I wanted to see you." The chasseur came forward, and saluted Miss Herncastle, who for the time being was installed as nurse. 'And with your permission, Sir Peter, now that Captain O'Donnell has come, I will leave you for a while," ,said the governess. "I have not been out to-day, and my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go.". • •He took it submissively from her hand. Captain. O'Donnell watched every move men't, and followed the stately figiie out ofthe room. She closed the door, after her, and they awere quite alone. -. "This is a vry strange a very remarlk able occurrence, Sir -Peter," he began. "The talk is .that you saw a " ghost. A ghost! Now, .I" thought ghosts were ex ploded ideas?9 Will -you pardon me if "I thinkso still?" 'I wish to Heaven I icould!" Sir Peter kgroaned. :'Unftorunately for me, it ad: mitseof no. doubt. 'As plainly as I see youl sitting here beside me, I saw hathe rine Dangerfield last; night.": -. : "-'Sir Peter, I have a . great - curiosity concerning this' -Katherine Dangerfield. Have you any picture of her? I would give a 'ood deal to'see one"-- - "Yes, I have,'' the sick man said.' "Do you see that; escritoire ov'er there? Open that-the' key is in it. Open the third drawer to the left and you will fibd a photograph of 'IKatherine Dangerfleld, taken a month before she died." Redmond O'Donnell obeyed. He un looked the escritoire, opened the drawer, and produced a picture wrapped in silver p per. It was' a photograph, soft and clear as an engraving, and beautifully tinted. The chasseurtook'it to the win dow, and gazed upon it long. and earn estly. - Then he returned-to his place by the bedside, picture in hand. -"Sir Peter,' there can lie no doubt-it is absurd of me to suppose such a thing -there can be no doubt Katherine Dan gerfield did die?"' ".'!?No doubt?" cried -Sir Peter: shocked .beycond 'all exppression. "Of course,.there was no- 'doubt. Good -heavens. above, O'Donnell! I-never heard of such a thing!". ' . -O'Donnell sat silent, watching him 'pity, contempt, disgust, all in hisgrate. silent fac. - "I won't stay to-dine to-day; I think,' the chasseur presently remarked, rising. "Sir Peter, T-ith your permission.I will keep this picture for the present I don't see my way very clearly through this maze." He-ragi." The housekeeper ?nid one :o the imalds damne; and:the cliasseii took his departure. The family were in their rooms. dressing,. `e inade his wa- out unnoticed.: -(To be Continued.) 