FOR RUBE'S SAKE. Working honra ware over in the Great White Osnjob. : Mary Verner palled down the little windaw el tha post-aiSaa of nbioh she Was mi- i.m.. aaraHt the eflntenta af the nanow oaiintar into a drawer! which she locked ; then pinning a broad-leared hat above the ourla that cluttered about her brow, ahe passed out of her log oabiu iuU'tho awaat ovaoiag air. Aa oho rooehed tha low fence which ran be fore hor house a hurried footatop sounded through the gathering gloom, and man's roice stid t "ib that yon, Id try, my girl? Ton look little asore than ghost nnder the shadow of, theaa bashes, " J you're kept yonr premiee, dearest, and ouwo'to an mo," she cried, as ahe threw heraelf late the arms of her lorar. \- Reuben Halae kissed the red lips to frankly Offered before be spoke. ' " Yaa, Mary, I'ra kept my premise, but I're coma to say good-bye." " Good-bye— good'kye ? You're going away ? You're going to leare me— your aweethaart— yonr wife that is to be. My doar little girl, don't erv— don't griore. Yon'ro . bean rey sweetheart, faitbful and true, but we oan oarer many." The strong men's mice broke and died into eilenee. " Go on ; tall me the wont," sabbed the girl in bis armr. "Listen, dear. You know that latterly things ham gone wrong with ma. Tha bit of monay I'm tared for ear wedding in the fall was stolen, and then the oabin I'd built for yon down by tho Blno Fools was burnt. Btill, there was "tho" farm stock and yonr little puma of tarings . left; but the drought haa killed the atook aad— oh, Mar>; how can I tell you ?" \- Mary drew apart from her lover end steadied her trembling form against tbo gerdea fenoe, ' Bomeoae has robbed you of tba money I gave yuu. Oh, my poor boy " She stretched forth her pitying hands towards the man before her, who only bowed his head and shnBed his feat in the thick white duet, Tell me, Reuben, tell me how it happened. Ah, sorely, you are not thinking that I ahall blame you for suoh a misfortune," tad once mare she orept to his side. Bat ReuboD ihrast ber from him. less no misfortune ; 'twas a crime. Your little savings, those few coins you're starved and scraped to kaop, lio there." He pointed with hie lean, brown hand down the oaayon to where, amidst a dense mass sf foliage, o few lighta twinkled, Mary staggered. " Down there ? At Ffollielt's t I lost it all at faro last night." For ' a moment no sonnd bat the evening breese whispering among the creepers snd bmhss snd ths harsh note of a night bird broke ths silence. Then a wumen's voice, ten der and low sad full of team, mnrmured, "Rube, deer Rube, I forgive yon " "Don't. Mary, don't I Pd rather you wonld strike me 1" The stars twinkled their diamond eyea on the man and girl as they said farewell. For Ren- ben bad settled to team the oaoyon that night " Bill Kedfern, One-eyed Sammy, and Joe, the Portugee, are going, too. We're >11 broke, and maybe will starve out there," and he wared his hand towards the wide forest land of Ari zona, " as in thia canyon bare. Don't sob so, my girl, you'll break my heart, I'm not worth a tear from your pretty eyes or a ehoks in your white throat. But, Mary, yon might pray for me sometimes, snd when you're married to a good cbap as don't go to Ffollistt's snd neglect bis farm for the tables and the bar, think of me-e, who lorod you, but was not worthy to hare yaa." Benbaa Haael and his oompanions had been gone from tbo Groat White Canyon for a week. Mary'a cheeks, never . very full of colour, had grown pale and heavy, and blue lines beneath her largo eyee told of eleeplesi nights and many ..tears."- ' Yet Faul'Harding— " Boanty Fan), as he was called in tba canyon— thought he had never nes Mary look so lovely ss he clattered up ti> , the door . of the poet-offiee one morning and . Jaakqdi the yoasig. pwfrinietrrm if there m any thing for him. " Nothing tor yon to-day." Yet Paul seemed loth to go. ' He pulled hie long, tawny moustache, jingled bis spurred boots npon. the floor, and continued to stare through the pigeon-hole window at tho girl, as he flitted about her usual business. " Anything I can do for you ?" . she asked him presently. "No," Paul said slowly, taking iu every detail of tha girl's pretty figure, cl«d in a cotton frock of gentian blue. ' " But might I speak to . you one minute — privately." " You can say what yon have got to aay where yo» are." He stared ailsntiy, flint at hia boots, and as his ay eo wandered up they lit on the snowy shelves uf bright uteaaila, and shining saueo- pans wbieh lined the walls. " How different you keep the piano from what a man's shanty is—" But he stayed his compliments. " You'live down by the Blue Fools, don't yeu ?" " Yes, next to Reuben Hslse till his place was burnt out, and be same to my shanty. I Saw Rubs three days bsok." ' You saw Rube ?" Mary clasped ber hands shore her heart. ' Yes. He and his ehums pasted through Long Tom's raneh. I've bean out there this two months past helping him brand aod count the oattla. Rube told mo that you and be had parted, and the reason why. He ssked mo to look after you a bit. You see, we're besi, good lfsls, and I'd like to do him a turn uon ho'a gone under. You will let me look aftei . you bow and again, won't you, for Kube'» > ke ?" The handsome ooWboy, tall and strong as a giant, clad in the pioturciquely rough clothe, at his calling, bent like a reed before the tiny, blue-olad figure of the post- mistress, who laid u lender while hand in his great palm ami lifted'her violet eyes to his dark ones, " Surely, Paul Harding, for Rube's sake, you may look after ma "whoa I cun't looknttei mjaolf." It was fur Rube's sake tkat the following Sunday Paul dressed liimself in bis beat, brought a little two- wheeled osrt, gay with bells and bright esloura, to Mary's door and asked her to drive out with him. The day wu fair, and " Beauty " Paul amused her with stories of Rube, aud when tbey came to au sad hi told hrr of his own boms, in the heart of a green county in Eng land, Ho made har laugh with his tales of college lite, and shudder with bis descriptions of the campaign in Egypt, whioh lie had gous through. Only he did not toll ber how he, in. English officer, oame to be losfiug and drinking aud gambling away his days end bia health in Great White Canyon. The next Sunday Mai; abut herself within her log oabin, sad neither the blue sky nor the pay cart and martly,eapirisoued hone, nor " Beauty " Paul hiraeelf could wheedle her out, " Bho. would not bo leen," eho said, sternly, " with one q! Ffolllott's lot," .She, however, njiontcd and forgave him oa bis promise to amend for ber soke. Ae weeko and months went by, and tbo Mfcvi of tbo copyon changed to tod and gold. Paul fawud that if ha was to "" look after " Mary he had to giro up the saloow. And, indeed,' for a space FfoUiett'a kaew him not, till oae Ootober morning hit allowanoe— tha mehay ' which bought . bit family freedom from bis diigraosfol prerenoe-rarrired from England. For the next week FfoUiett'a was a pande monium, with tba " Beauty " a i presiding demon. Mary heard of it and refaaed to apeak or look at him. Then it was that be flung himself befsre her one dsy and prayed her tn save him from that whioh he was powerless t save him self from— drink and dice sad bad companions. And she did whit other women have done before tor Sad wilt do again. She placed her hand in his, and, with her heart full of Rube Halsc, she promised to msrry Paul— fur bis soul's sake, Ths ere of their marriage day arrived, and with it Paul's allowance from England. Ths occasion end ths oppoitunity suggested a carouse, snd Paul informed tho " boys " he would bo (tending trost at the FfoUiett'a that night for the last time. Paul was toll of liquor— he had drunk Mary's health with every man in tha place— aud be was also full of luok for onoe in a way. A pile of gold lay before him on she table, and he was lust proposing another round in Mary's honour wbsn big Bill Redtern strode in and was greeted with a shout of " Alloc, Bill, you back? What luok, pard ?" " Luok, my ladi, I lean luok to fools and dead beats. I're been working, eod.tliaok God, l're worked for something. I're pnt my sweat and niusete into the ground snd Pre struck ore! Nona ' of , your dust or pockets, but a rein as broad aa an ox's baok aud as long aa a river, aod o I've coma bsok with Rubs—— " Paul looked up with a start. Hare was ha drunk in a gambling bell sn ths ere of his marriage with Mary, and Kube had come baok, " What did you aay ? " be muttered. " I said Rube aud I had come back. But don't let ma disturb your gams. - Come, some, bare a drink ; I'm standing treat, -and as to Rube, here's his health and Mary's ! " " I'm standing treat ! " bouted Pan), spring ing up, Hare a drink with me ! '" And witb this be Sung bis liquor in Bill's fees and made s rush at him. A pistol flashed, a blue puff of amoks died in the hot sir,and " Beauty " Paul lay stouo dead oa Ffolllott's floor. Soma of tbem went up lo the poet-offise to brink the news to Mary. There was a light lo the window, and by it they saw Rube snd her sitting talking. Quietly mid with bowed bunds they left the oottags aud returned to Ffollistt's without fulfilling their mission. Next day a rough-and-ready jury having con sidered all the cireumstauces uf tho case und with due appreciation of Bill Redtora's prowess as a dead shot, decided that Paul had courted on purpose a certain death, and they relumed s verdiet of " Suieids while of unreuud mind." 