THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BALLYRAN. T wttHii wild, -torroy evening upon wlncli Will iJum-llarrived ai>d look jiu- ffH-Kiu of tiin ruiJiiculy • ucqtnrcrt thlttle <il K-tllyran, County <ialway, Irelunil. Young, hanuKMiic, and talented, Will Darrell had etruggled, cilice I •its bjybuod. With adversity, und no#, ut the of eight-and-twtmty, found himself h ncli man, bavin# woke up one morning to the know ledge of a legacy, tiom udtHtjint nnd<iJJ then unknown relative, of tweniy thoufind pounds and facile Iiull>r«n. Die money Waf in the Fund*, uud a Iraneft r had bieu effected, when Durrell i-cmjIvmI upon a journey to the sixtet country 10 ini-pecr. the properly, of whioh he hud heard only a con* fu*ed account. He- iuui.d. on hii* »n ivul, that Lite ('utile wa* a venerable old pile, mid u young <>nd enthufiHNttc artist, DarreH viewed his puwofhiun with tapiiirout eye;-. *'ar iruin any town, and ai a considerable dif*t*ncu even from lb* nearest villnge, the old ra*lleFlood alone. it) de^olttte grandeur, flrerhang/ng 4lie rocky ten^hore. The «p proacli lav over h ble«k and utmost barren I upland, mid the gu-iy wind howlod ehrilly : to the roaring wave*. j It wae u|hjii one of the luet dttyn of Octo-! ber, the evening of which w*# closing in, hb Darrell. with hi* Irinli nL'fiit, entered the | great halt of. the cantle. A portion only of | Che great building «•«« habitable, und for < years no one hud raided there but an old ' man natned Alike, «nd the crone, hie wife, who were the custoliwi* of the pluco, «nd I bad grown grey within itn wall*. | Will Ltarrell and the nueul were received most reverentially by tlio nnrienc. couple, and were conducted to i he chief chamber on the ground floor, the hituiuei hull of former days. It loomed lur^ejind lofty, and dimly prnnd in tlio tjrev twilight, ren dered yet more obscure by the decoloured windows, thtnuch which everything was thrown iu shadow. The panelling was of black oak, ielievod by the gilded qumei inpe of old families, and the dim portraits of old p^noratioiis. At the fan hor end of the chamber was a data,and above it hung; aome tattered ban ners, which had .lone uooi service in their | day, and drank the blood nnd licked the dust of many a welt-fought field. There were arms of altnoet every age, and here and theiecomphbe suit* of itiety mail stood out like gaunt and warlike spectre*. A Jon# table occupied tbe centre of the hall« but a few chairs only stood at its head. Toward* these the newcomers made their way an old Mik« entered, beariuj; bulge candelubrap. Jkbuve the immense ohimnev-pieee was c&tvci; eome incident of the early waif, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyts of the youtig legatee, bv tlio smoke that issued in thick volumea from the turf and green wood, but ncwty-lightcd on the lurjge hearth beneath. " Wvleomr, Mr. llnufeU. Cend Mille Ftfilthr, Wblcunie to the old CM "tie ! may you live lone. Hr, to rtside jo it with all j honour and pmtpeiily 1" exclaimed the •Kent, waimly " Keaide in it! Uy iny fditli I'll never leave it 1 Wliat a gloriuiis uld plr.ee ; its ruinous nvpectdiliyhlii mc more than would * icorgeoui |wl.ic* with our latest modern iinpiovemeiite." tiaxini; adinirinirly around, Will Darrell Wu only rouaed from tlie ni'jKt, pleasant of ruminations by tlie return of t lie old people, be-u in^r * couple of tin ye burtliened with dishes containing builea and roast fowls, dried aalmon, ctikes, oaten bread, and two decanters of wliisky. Tired and liunirry, the artist and the genial agent did full justioe to all that wa> plaoed before them, the (onner partaking almost to® freely of the potent potheen Until eleven o'clock tlie jovial companions caroused. when Mike offered to conduct them to their apartments for the night. Tlie withered serving man, like moat of Ilia claaa, was garrulous in the extreme, and full of stories of ghosta and ban shew. To then latter Will Dwell listened with much interest and an amneed emile. One tale particularly rivetted the atten tion of the young artlslt; it Was of a phan tom whom report credited with prowling and gliding about the <dd caetle at midnight —the phantom of a young and lovely rniun in white. The agent having retired, DarreU, con sulting hi* watch with a humorous smile, asked the aged aervltor what particular portion of the cutle wan most favoured by the ghoet, «id was informed that the lovely phantom had been eeen gliding aboot in the habited portion of the building as u often ai the chamber* that were falling into rain and decay. "Very well, Mike. They lay, 'After dinner sit awhile, after rapper walk a mile.' So, ai I feel now not at ail inclined for re poee, give me a lantern and Til amuse my erif by findingXrnt if this pretty phantom will ehow np to the new lord of ber domain." " Mosha, an' It'e going over the castle aU by ytmrself, your honour, and close on midnight t Oehone, it'e tempting Provi dence, ehure I" mid the old man trembling and devoutly erasing himeelf. " Oh, don't you f»ar, Mike, a lady ghost nr no ghost won't frighten WiM DarreU ; and, perhapt, as I'm a (ingle young man tho female phantom will run away from me instead of after me." "Bedad, the pretty colleen nt; l«d you out on the rocks, shun, an' yer faonour nmy be carried away the same as young l'at Donlan, who wa» loat eutoirely, blown out to Me,and never heard of again, Mush a ! " " Well, I'll clianoe the rooks, the wind, and the eea. Mike, give me a lantern ; I'm determined to find the phantom of Castle flallyraii, m ny no more, but oB with you to your old dame, and leave me to look about for this young one. In the flesh or out DflVl'U bare rpeech with her, though all the shades of my alictftofaturrounded her." Laughing at the lugubrious janitor the young lord of the old oastle, receiving a lighted lantern from liia trembling bands, boldly otrode from t he banquet hall, and presently began to mount the dilapidated staircase without. The walls broken, and the casements beaten in,thB wind in fitful bloats and rosh mg sweeps met him in full force as at length he gained a narrow landing place •bore. The bold artlft, stopping now for a moment, stood by an open niche to breathe tfa« night air and listen to the rawing moan of lli* t»en a* it l.-.ved the bcnch, laughing uioud a- uiM'tc'crf by the frfure of the Jati | tern a Iiii^ cat dicl.^! full in hits fuce at the | ifjfy moment that 1111 owl ret up her uielan rhuly, weinltu whit, lu whoo ! Purt-umir lits way through a Ion# gallery, i.iK^i-inMVe'l by tlie in'* rL.it, startled from r heir Itolff. M-Hinpf-iiMl over I lie black floor like frijjhteind nhlm*, Will Danell, hold ing l.ij;h fh« ItiMern, pressed on until he trainman ajurl merit, vant, gloomy and very ! <-'juiit)ly provided with crazy antique furni ture. A bed lit one aide the room looked dnrk mtd liparne-Jike, and itf proportions to ■ the eye of (he uriist seemed fit for a com* puny of light infantry, who might pre viously huve nut down together to mip in the tir?f»iHca, where four green logs were making a-llunatic attempts at a smoke. The walls wore bung with torn arrae, and there were liull-a-dozfan poi traits of former owners of (/uxtle Kallyran. At the fa>thor end of the room from the bed J Urrell observed a door, that apparently opened into come leaser chamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old building, Hud, twinging bia lantern ro and fro, Will Darrell wae stepping to the door that bad attracted hi* attention when I he wa<« fturfcltd by a loud *igh and tbe tap-' lap of tiny feet jib though & child was run- j iiiciir acrufifi the floor. { " So the ghosct- are beginning the game. I I never heard yet that phantoms required tire* to warm themselves by, and, as this apartment whs certainly not intended for my bed-chambor, situate as it is in the uninhabited part of tne cattle, the matter, tD nay the least of it, looks buepicioue. I ma le up my mind to have a squint at old Mike's phantom, and it appears to me ray curiosity respecting the female ghost is very likely to be gratified." Soliloquising thus, Will Darrell, undeterrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldly made for the door front* ing the hearse-like bedstead. The means of egress to this chamber being on the latch the bold youug artist threw it back 011 its hinges, starting and uttering an exclamation of wonder aB he caught sight of the figure of a young woman. A luvely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude as she stood star ing at the intruder, whilst in her astonish mentaud alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American chair, was as surprised and confounded as he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud laugh made a dash forwards, as the woman wuh a ehriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in the w&U; at the back of the chamber. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, the fair occupant bad at once availed herself of this retreat opened to her. About to follow the subntant'al phantom, the young Irishman was seized in the grasp of h ehock-headed Irishman, who, with a broad grin upon his tanned and humorous Features, eiclaimed : " Whist, yer honour ! beoi&y; I've seen Mike, he touldmeas ye meant to sae the phantom of the castle, and, bedad 1 you've frightened the banshee instead of her frightening you. Shun, but come, Musha, it's all Che boys as'll be glad to sae yer honour." " Humph ! I think I understand mat ters. However, lead on my friend, I'll fol low ! " ejaculatei Darrell, at once un hesitatingly treading in the footsteps ot hit guide. Threading their way onward through the deserted chambers, they presently reached a roofless tower, and from thenoe descended a long winding staircase leading to the crags. Over these was Darrell conducted by his guide, be knew not whither, bearing only the bellowing of the ocean, and the scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark object seemed to oppose further progrets, but tbe Irishman thrust the brushwood aside, and led the way on through a narrow winding passage, apparently hollowed out of tbe rooks. A loud shout now broke upon the ears of Darnell, and the next instant he «u in the centre of • wild group who welcomed him with uproarious cheers and boisterorus mirth to the smugglers' oave of Bullyran. With a laugh as hearty as their own,! Will Dsrrell seated himself upon a keg, and much to the delight of his rough oom- i panions gulped down a glass of pure potheen that he felt assured had never paid duty. The story was toon told to the amused young artist; Castle BaUyran, o&erinp; admirable facilities for head .quarters, Dan Ra&erty;'a smuggler band had decided to spread the repott of the building being haunted. Norah, the chief's daughter, a romantio, bold young oolleen, consenting to enact the role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by the new lord of the castle, we have seen how the young lady ghost ran for it, instead of mirthfully be holding the flight of her victims. The carouse of the smugglers and their honoured guest wat kept up till early morn. Will Darrell deriving much amutement from the confusion of the agent and old Mike, who both had, of course, been in league with the smugglers. We never heard it the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to " fresh fields and pastures new," but we do know that WillDatrell became the husband of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyran. 