A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The Interesting Case of Mr. Thomas Jarvie, who says that a few weeks ago he was Crippled -Partially Paralyzed, Snffering from Locomotor Ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors, Hos pital Authorities. and every one said Ho must Die as his Case was Hopeless. But they were mistaken. To day he is a New Man, full of Life and Energy. his Orutches he has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs have Life, his Appetite has Rbturned, and in fact. he has a New L=ase of Life Out and Out. So much interest has been Shown by oi'r readers in this marvellous cases that we have published the faoots again as they appeared in the " Australian Workman" a few weeks ago: SOne afternoon our renreser.tative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two.year. old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said": ' You want to know all about my case ? Well, I ameglad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to -thbose who are stricken'as I was." " Hbw long were you suffering ?" " We 1, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to lealve off work,Q and I hawve done nothing since. About five years ago, next Chrstmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded whbile taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health and after four vears of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island,' "What were the symptomsa ?" " Slmply indescribable. The pains wore something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had tno control over my bowels or bladder and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else, I was incessantly abhivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I seaw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was Sutterly hopeless. Hower er, he gave me an order to the Director of Qharitable Ilititutionse." Did you make nusea of the order ?" 'No; I cameohome and went to beod, athl have been pretty well in bed ever '. since.s, Five weeks ago I could not walk aerose the tlor ; in fact, I could not get but of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me and only a question of days when would. give up the ghost. My doctor ..was attending me, and did all he could, by,opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He name to the con elusion that I was suffering from loco motor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charao terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty ian co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never got the use of the legs. (Just then the patient kicked his logs about with energy to ehow that medical opinion in not infallible ) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England which I read in the " Aus tralian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pals People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box, The effect was an marvellous as at was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me, It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifthl box. I can walk Sabout with the aid of a stick, and am gradually,.but surely, recovering my for. mer vigour and vitality. You see those crutches heri ( They were made for 50e before IiotsD'r. Williams' Pink Pills, but I wais t, weak 4 p no them, and now I don't wan them, All I want in this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. 'You see 1 am\ rapidly regaining my " he ins t" O per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, whhad come in and taken the baby on her aneos. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have save?"his liferycd made another ican of him," -, , A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the felling has come back in my lego. If I heap on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have boeen at any time during the past five years. I asoribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills They have saved my life. I am In no pain now, whatever, and feel like a how man. On the mantelpiece there is a bot of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ox oruciating pain, But they can stay where they are, for t no longer need them. * Everybody Who known me has been amazed at1 the change so me. They can hardly .elleve their eeos, My being about again has caused quite a sensation out hers." Such la the remarkable history, .nd con firms what Is cold in all the chief news Sapare of thin country of the astonishing oures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink p Pills for Pele People. They cure loco lmotor a .ySpartial paralysis, and spinal diseasQ als l tbo many' disorders which aries ?(em'n' impovoerhed otate of the bloo.e u ci as antomia, pale and eallow cunpnleitci?, general muscular we'aknoes, Indlgegxlno,-.locs of appetite, shoetoess of bre~h, plnsinnin the back, norvous headache, &e0; 't i plls . tool not a purgative. The ~ato genbine only with the full name, Dr. W ~l'tmd"Pink Pills for Pale People, and ar sold by chemists and storekeepers generrdly, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Compiny, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forwgrd'on receipt of stamps or post order one boi for 2e Pd, or half-dozen for 14s ltd. 