THE CH3ST CF HE/TON (jRAN&L; OMli ynnrn ttffo I '» t t (ini-eoyr.e dr<*»pe<l in a suit, of Scotch may ►porliufr clotlire. It vat* al it ia.il way Kution, mid ho had beside him his ^un-cafe «nd fishinir-rods. Knowing that he wus not a man to spend a great ileal of money on his own pleasure, I guec&ed; at once that he Imd been lucky enough to receive »n invitation from some one who pobeeesed fishing and shooting rights. ** Hallo, Goscoyne," I *nid, as I came up with him, *' what's the came now t This look* something like business." "Ah, my boy," pay* he, " I should think it docH, too. Old Jeffereon hae been looking out for a country plnce for some time, you I know, and he hoe managed to find one up in ! the north at a marvellously cheap rent. Hc'tj uken it for twelve months And if he like? it he hae the chance of buying it at a ridiculous figure. M Why, what/e the matter with ib ?" I paid. | 4,Oh» nothing" he replicdj *' that 1 know of, but it doesn't euit the owner for some ruuHon, und he hud imd it on hie bauds for a vciy long time und could not let Jb, and 1 KUppoae hegotlired of it und thought ho would get rid of it at auy price. Jelhji eon | writes me that it t« really u grand place, with KOixie glorious shooting und Hshiug, and a rtally inHg-nifi ent 1iuum», and he'e asked me to go and have a month's spurt. 1 thought it was too good a chance to be mitfged, and »o I pucxed up uiy Craps At once, and I'm off." At tliofi the train came up und after see ing Mm comfi/rtubly settled in a corner eeut and wishing him goud sport and a high old tirno 1 strode nwuy. What was my surprise, in a little more than a week afterwarde, to meot him one evening in the lligh*«treet as 1 was return ing fruin buwinefH. " Why, Gaecoyne," I rail, 41 whatever fcaa brought you back again so eoon 1 X thought you were going to Blay a month*" " Nover h month would X stay at that place for any price," lie replied ; ** but come, let us walk up to the Ring of Bells at the end of the village. We shall be quiet there, and I'll tell you all about it. It makes me feel eo queer every time I think of it that 1 really can't tell you without a glass of something." We went up to the old inn, and before a comfortable trluee and blazing tire u c lit our pipes, aud he commenced :— * "Jofterson was right when he said he bad a splendid place, it's fallen into disrepair a little through being univnunted so long ; but tieyton Grange, as it is culled, is a regular couiitry maueion, with u magnifi cent hall, tine large entertaining rooms, and 1 don't know how many bedrooms up stair*. 1 fouud he'd invited quite a number of fellows, and intended having a regular shooting party s'ayiug in the house, bub he had asked me u,>a day or two in ad vance, eo that we could have a quiet time together before the refit came. " We had three most enjoyable days The country round was magnificent. VVe had a few idle shots, and cast a fly or two for trout ae we sauntered along, talking of old times, and these lazy trials were suffi cient to show uh that we should have fine sport when we commenced in earnest. We spent these days alone, and Jefferson and I slept together during that time, for we are old friends, as you know, nod I liked better to be with him (hunt) be in the room *iial (ed to me iu the far off west wing until Unit purt of the house wae occu pied by some of the other visitors. On the fourth day they came. Wc bad a glorious time of it. and went to bed tiled out. I dtoppud to eleep at once, but after some | two hours X woke up bathed in a cold per I spiration and with a ten fble feeling that I | could not account for. ! *• Whether 1 hud been dreaming or not I, could not tell, bu'. I ruiccd myself on one ] arm and locked at mind the room, and there | right by tiie foot of ihebod 1 saw—the bust of a woman, as though the body had been cut through at the waist. I 44 The face at? white as marble and the eyes seemed to look beseechingly upon me. Terrified, 1 was unable to stir, and the figure gradually fl -nti-d away and dieap pea red through il> e panels of the wall, heaving a* u did *u a low, deep fcigh. " Of cour^c, deep was impossible after tlmU 1 lay in a *taie of terror until morn ing, but 1 managed to drop into a troubled, br->ken similiter as daylight appeared, and slept on uiiciiHily until 1 was startled by a knock at the door, and the announcement that the tirct b;c<ikiai<t bellhad rung. I wem duwu lo b cskfast wifh <be effects of the night's annuritioh etill upun me, though wearing atvo. and growing faiuter every moment, and before I Imd finished my second cup of cotfee, what 1 had supposed to be the utsuni quer« in audi cusps arose in my mind - (Juuld I9 niter all, have fancied that the apparition appctircd Y ••Was it possible ih»t it could be the reeuliof h disordered imagiiiution ? In the night I had made up my mind to tell my friend wlmt had oucuncd nod leave the house at one*', bu< now I feared the ridiculo of the compmy, and wok, indeed, likely soon to laugh tuytelf nud wondor how 1 could have been eo *u| erftitioup. I raised my liuad and began lu join in the conversa tion and Lo talk ovvr the arrunpen ©nts for another day's eport, w hen at the far end of Uie table I noticed a gentleman who laughed the loudutt yesterday, and whose sallies had umuse i us ««11, but who was now siltnt nnti taciturn. •* • He reined tjui '« unable to do justice to tho ynud iluuuf provided by our hoibt, and unit iiiiNWUt-d in monosyllables when Bp -ktii lo. Il witif evident that his tuind was ill at ea»c, and (hut he was labouring under sonifl eir'jnjr ©xc t< fnnit. As foon as breakfast wot over 1 sought him out nod Paid lo him — 41 I am ufrai'l something has hapfiened to iisiurb you ; you w« re in such excellent »|>iiit.K tto we purled Inst, night and seemed bo very diflVient at ihe table this morning that 1 foci miio Miinethinjr must be the matter.1 " ' No,' he replied. ' I'm all right, thanks; I rortainly don't frei veiy lively juel now. hut it will w**rtr oft pitvcntly.' " 1 Perhaps you didn't hai'o a Kood niylit'H ret»l V J n jciined. ppenkinc slowly and poiniedfv. « Wj»l|,' In ' 1 liilil.o'- my that I did, but 1 Ho not wish <0 fpeuk of it ; It would only put -1« tliT-un uliuut.' " * Tell mo,'I an id, 'til! anything file tutbyou? Did you sen anything V and in my rngerncs I laid my hand uj>on his t-houlder. '* • 1 did,' he Piid : 1 why do you »pk !' " 1 IiecHU?e 1 f-aw Komething myself; what did you ?ee " 11 paw/ he said, and shuddered as ho spoke, * the bu*t of a woman cul ofT at the waist !' '* * Precisely what I have seen in the night 1' I ejaculated. ' I saw it at the foot of my bed, and it seemed to disappeur through the panel of the wall It* your room in the west wing at the end of the great) passage ?' 14' It is,' ho replied. " 4 Then the apparition must havo en tered your room when it left mine, for you are evidently sleeping in the next room to I me. What is to be dono ?' "•1 We cannot slay, and I certainly do not like the idea of breaking up the party.1 " Well, we. talked it ov«r long and earnestly, and at luet, arnnired to stny ihut night at Any rule and set if it vim led u* again. ° After another dny'a f-pcut, during which we foigut our nigla came on, and wo once mure retired to our roomn. but not to bed. I wuh very tirt-d, nud 1 f>»l up watching unlil long punt the time I ho ap parition hud appeared on tl»o previous night, and (hen overcome with iuLi^uol throw anide my feut«, and Hhowim^ my self on tiio bed was usleen in a moment. " I could not have slept. very long—not many minutee— when 1 awok" with u niurt, and I felt ut once llial the tbintr wit* by me. Id terror I oj>enc<l my eyes. Oil, horrors I The buet of (he woman whh lying by my side on tiie bed, with lier head upon the pillow ! •'What happened after that I do not know, tor I must have lost cuiie>ci<>u*neHM for a moment*, and when 1 recovered bite feaiful thing had vanished. 1 jumped from the bed and rut?lied instantly into my neighbour's loom, but he wjs lying uj>on the rug in a dead faint. 1 loosened hi* j collar and poured cold water on his face, and as he opened hie eye* and revived a little 1 made him token gOi>d draught of brandy from my hunting flask which i had with me. 4,He quickly came to himeelf, and Hitting up ho told me he hud dozed off in hie chair and had been suddenly awakened by the touch of a detil h-cold hand upon his fore head, and found the apparition clofe to him, gating with entreaty in her eyes into bis faco. Overcome with horror he had fainted away as 1 found him. " We fAt together unu talked long and earnestly, and ut length decided that we would mnke the bet excuse to our host, urging pome pudden call back loour homes, and wouiti leave the house that morning. X am afraid Jeflerson »»u«t have felt Hurt at our sudden departure, but st.-iy we could Dot, ho we came away, and here I aim" G&ecoyne; and ] nut talking and con jecturing about Iho mytt':rious viMiant un* til late (hut night. Weeks and months past-ed, and it gradu* ally became only a terrible memory of which we spoke now and ngnin, until one day Gutcoyno knocked hurriedly at my door* and e.'iying m an excited manner, 41 Put on your hut and come *vii h mo," ho led me without a word to the old King of Bells. Ae won u« we were seated in tiie | little room behind the bar he begun har- j riedly— I'vo jact h:id h letter from Jefferson. He had a (ihriHnia* putty Hi He\tori lasi week and one of the gue^ta who hud been i placed in the room I elopl in nhriekud oul that she had seen a gho*t, and wln'ii they had calmcd her pufticieutly to g|H;uk colter- I ently she declurod that it took the form of the bust of u woman. Jefferson remembered I ourbaety flight and the curiously embar* ] raeeed way in which we made our excuse? for leaving him so tmd<ienly, and believing uow that it mutt hare been in tome way connected with lite apparition that ho terri fied hi? lady visitor, be made up hi* mind there end then that together with the bravest of his visitors he would himpel watch od the following night. Ho did so, and eoon after midnight the rostle.-s spirit returned once more. He and bis friend nerved themselve*and spoke lo it, demand lug the reason for its presence in the houee, It g*2ed upon them for & moment, and beckoning them to follow it fl >at d out and led them through a eooret door on the top landing into a email room under tho roof, where they found a worm-eaten cheot, into which the ap|jariti4n seemed to dioippear. They rushed downstair*, and quickly returning with two or three men (servant# they broke open the lid and were liornfi d to discover the lower part of a woman'* body, which, from its decomposed state, bad evidently been there for years. Upon inquiry they learned that a long time before a murder had been committed, and the murderer,who was the unfortunate woman's husband, had severed bis victim ut the waist, und that her bust having been dis* covered it had been buried in the church yard, bat that search for the lower pari of the body bad bocn in vuin. As noon a* Jefferson and his friends could arrange with the authorities the gbaaUy object in the trunk had been buried beside the bust/' That was Gaseoyne's tale, and he was able to inform me from a further communi* cation he received fiom Jcflertoi) that the midnight visitant had oevcr appeared again My friend was a man for whom I enter* tained the highest regard, und I had every reason to believe in his integrity. He declared to me that every part of this ttrange narrative la true, and 1 have nover been inclined to doubt it. 