THE IOVELIST. THE tanager's Faiorite; Tne Tragedy of Carnleigh Shores .. --. STORY OF THE STAGE. OCHAPTER XXXVII CONTINUED.) Barton was a man not easily deterred from anything he had set himself to accomplish, and he tried his strength on the grating, but ou'nd it was only wasted. He took out his pooket-knife, which had been made for service, and was broad and strong as a chisel, and began cutting away the mortar around the bricks which held the grating in place. It was elow work, having to be done in the darkness, but the man worked with a will, and after a while he felt the grating was looeninog, and directly he had the eatiefa-n tion of wre.ching it eff. He dropped it cautiously among the thick foliage, and its fall made no sound. The window he found was open, and there ?se no impediment to his entering the build. inp. lie drew a pistol from his pocket, and stepped over the windowesill. There was not a sound to be heard, The place was still as death. A cold chill struck through him ; the walls were solid, and re tained the dampness, and the air felt dead a?-d close. Birton struck a match, and lighted the pooket.lantern which he had brought with him. The room in which he stood was large and -hi. ~stldded? and ike- corners were in ri at e. The floor was bars and stained n arl black; the windows were heavily oremnrd with a dismal ebade of green, and the oily furniture consisted of a moth-eaten l]onge, and the long, narrow table in the a ntre of the room. Bartco explored every hole and orierm but discovered nothing new, except a chest in one orner, where there were some itlapidated i.nd well-worn shoes, mouldy ,nd ill.smelling; and, standing among them, a pair of new and shining rubber over chose. "Bal" cried Barton, seizing one of the rubbers and bringing it to the light ; " this is no old tffair. No. 10, a good-sized foot I 188-, by Jove I It was made the present year. And yet they ask me to believe that this den has not been inhabited for two years. And ghosts have no need of over shoes, I should say." As he put the shoe down, he heard a sound outside; it was like the soft splashing of oar. riage wheels through the mud, He turned the eslide of the little lantern, and listened intently. Presentlyhe heard a sound like the eloe. ing of a distant door, and then for a time there was silence, broken at last by the sound of footsteps, nccompanied by a thump, thump. as if some one was using a heavy cane. ,Granby had the gout," said Barton to himself, suggestively, and held his breath to listnn, .The footsteps came along- lowly, and halted at the door of this very room. Then a grating sound, like a key turning in a runty look, and the intruder, whoever he was, had stepped inside the chamber. A faint ray of !ight shone threonh the orcln into the closet where Barton was con. oraled, and pepping through the-crevies, Jack saw the bent and limping figure of Mr, Granby. A thrill of exultation ran through the gal. lant aptain. He had all be could do to keep himself from springing forth and shaking the life out of the old man where he stood, Granby paused, and turned hislamp up a little higher, and started toward the door at the farther extremity of thbo room. A board in the place was loose, and he caught his toe and was near falling his length. If- recovered himself with an oath. "Devil take the place I" he said angrily. "I've a good mind never to come near it again. I've a good mind to let her stay there and starve I It would be no more than she deserves. Confound all women I Ihatm 'em, and I hate her; but she shall come to my terms, or, by Heaven, she shall die I" Thy old man fumbhed with the key at the door for a moment, muttering to himself, and then the door slid back a foot or so, and before Barton could cross the distance be. tween the closet and the open door, it had slid back again into place, and shut GOranby in beyond it. Barton trie? it, bu it was frr?a iasion, ain no effort of his conld move it. Angry with himself that he had not been quicker and gained access to the chamber beyond before the door had closed, he pout his ear against the keyhole and listened. A faint sound like the cry of an animal in pain fell on his ear, and then the hard laugh of Granby. " I'll teach him better than to growl at me bhen I come where beis I" he said, furiously. "You are as much taken up with that oursed cat as you were with Constance's brat l" " And you would like to kill it as you did Johnnie," replied a voice which sent a thrill throngh the frame of the captain. " I didn't kill the boy," returnedsGranby; "be died from natural caoses. You needn't fisc tbh4 at 5p." " You a;se mprderer,"' returted Nnaudq, coldly, and you know it '" " Mrs, ranoby, when yun learn tp control that togute of yours it will be Iet'rr fdr you. I have come here tonight to benp yonF anal decision, and I hope and believa' ttla yogi will conclude to go home with .te like a ns speclable woman. I promise you that you shall haveo things your own way; and if yon want to adopt another child, I will not in. terfere." "And if I refuse?" "Then I shallgo out from here to-night for the last time. I shall never come back, The house is deserted. It is more than a mile from any human habitation, The old see rant who has remained here, and brought you food, died yesterday, and his body has just been taken away. Here you will remain until death by starvation ensues. No one dreams that you are alive. The world your mother included-believej that you fell off the cliflf at Carnleigh and were drowned. You are dead to the world-" ' Mr. Amos knows that I am here." "Mr. Amos is a prudent man, and a £200 fee has closed his mouth." " And you would leave me here to die like a rat in a trap I" "Exleoicy. With That carsed eat ? ouronly companion, and I will kil hi: t;foyre r go. I always detested a cat. He is growling at me now-an imp of Saton I Well, lMrs. Giranby, not to waste any more words, I am waiting for your decision." " I have already told you that I will never go with vou, I prefe; dealh-pypn death by starvatton I" " Will nothing change you, Think of (kh suffering-" "I have thought of it, and I am decided, You can go, john Granby nd dleave-me-to my fate, tut as sure as you do this thing, God vill avenge on you my bitter wrongs I" " There is no God I'" said Granby, fiercely; "anl if there is, I defy Him, You have br:,:ght it all on yourtself-mind that I And I :ava you to your fate I" Ile pushed back the door, and ran plump against Captain Barton, who had not had time to recover his perpendicular. "The devill" cried Granby. " Who are yout What are you doing here I" Barton drew himself up to his full height, and blocked the old man's path. "I have heard your whole nefarious plot," he hoarsely cried, "and you will do well to tey-,ecmy-traek i -I forberar-topuniah du, ýut'the lwst fthe land shallhave their oure' en 'job. iye imeise hi e t? 9 t oat "I'" sen you in perdition first I" roared the pld man, thoroughly arboused, "I' always suepected that og? had a sneaking notioti after my wife, and now I know it, And I -oald -0 411o00n 1yq ditd hero with her It He drewa pistol from his poolet, and took aim at Barton. The weapon snapped, but did not go off. Barton deliberately knooked it from the old man's hand. "Open that door I" he thundered, "or by the IIeaven above us, I will pitch you head long from yonder window I" Granby felt the iron grip tighten on his shoulder, and knew that it was useless to parley. He inserted the key with trembling I fingers in the look, but his hand shook so that he could not turn it. With one wrench, Barton threw back the bolt, and Granby sprang inridy taking the key with him. He was quickly followed by Captain Par ton. The light from the lamp streamed over the small and noieesome room where Maude was confined, lighting up herpale and attenuated face, and falling over the bristling cost and fiery eyes of the great cat perched on her shoulder. An instant Barton stood irresolute in the centre of the room, his face working, his strong chest heaving with emotion as he marked the change which time had wrought on the face of the woman he loved; than he sprang forward, and folded her in his armso "My darlingl" he cried, in a choked voice. "It is worse than death to find you thus I" " Thank God I" she said; "thank God that you have found me I' "A pretty scene for a loving husband 1" cried Granby. "A fine, moral seeno A man ought to be happy with suach a wife I" "Come with me," said Barton, unheeding him, and drawing the arm of Maude inside his own. "Or, stay- are you strong enough to walk? I will carry you." "No, no; I can walk. But I must take my poor D:ck; but for him the rate would have eaten me alive I" Oranby snade a furious dash at them as they were passing through the door, and in the saoefi the lamp was overturned, and Barton found it expedient to knok Granby down. And the door shut to with an ominous click, and the old man was left in the gloomy prieon where he had elected to allow his wife toea-lrveo-e tdeath. "He is looked in I" oried Maude. " Oh, do not let ous leave him there I I know the horrors of the place too well to wish anyone to suffer as I have suffered I" " He will not wait," said Barton; "he has the key, and can let himself out when he gets on his feet, and his wrath has cooled." " I think- indeed, I am sure that the door can only be opened from the outside," said Mande. " But I have no key," said Barton, " and he will keep till morning. Tomorrow I will see that hois taken in charge by the aothori. ties, and a night by himself will be good training for the prison he is bound for. No, Maude, I shall lose no time in getting you away where you can have food and care; you can hardly stand now," He hurried her across the chamber, and, guided only by guess, he found the stair-way, and taking her in his arms, bore her down and out into the open air, She lay against him a dead weight; the reaction from the terrible strain she had out 'fered had been too much for her, and she had fainted. Mr. Granby's carriage stood at the door, -he sleepycoachman nodding in the box. "Drive as fast as you can to Olencliff," said Barton, putting his senseless burden in, aide the carriage, and the man never suens. pecting that the order was not given by his master, whipped up his horses, and dashed off through the mud. Dick had mounted on the seat beside his iiistress; his great greenish eyes glowing in the dark like coals of fire, and he was purring his loudest in appreciation of the situation, Barton held the cold hands of his love close to his heart, and warmed her face with his passionate carerses, " She is mine I" he sried, exultantly; "and all the Granby's in the world shall never take her from me 1" And lifting his eyes, he saw against the eastern sky a fiery red glare, shooting up al. most of the zenith, and lighting the gloomy country with the splendor of the sunshine, And the coachman, dropping the glass, thrust in his head, and exclaimed: "Mr. Granby, sir, Jonhson's mad.house is all on fre I You come out, air, just in the nialok of time I" CHAPTER Y',XVIII, WITLtn THE WALLS. Harry Atherton's delight knew no bounds at this proof of devotion from Alice Ester. .aodyeTwken his firot emotion of gladnes was over. his face grew sad. "It is but a sorry welcome I can give you, dear; and I am only too happy to see you, even here. And, Alice, it softens the grief, and shame, and distress I feel to know that you believe moinnocent." "As iLl could bhevre-voa Sanylhbingbut innocent I" eaid the youg. girl, reproach. lully. "'tud I am glad at lest to know what ;t is that has troubled you, for I have always known that you had some trouble hidden from me. And I shall call you Harry now, and I like it so much better than the ugly name by which I first knew you." The gaoler looked in to see that his guests had everything they wanted. Ite pat down a covered dish which sent forth the savory .dor of chicken pie. " My old woman reckoned that as you had :ompaay you would like a little esmthin! atra,' heasd, ta'king o?f tlheover, 'and ehe 'eot this 'ere'with 'her eomplinienti, aed opes nhe youhng lady will oninse ad sleep in her epanre rojt tonpight.' lMy old woaan hod been young hdrself, and, by'Georg;,' p hayd II And I knows how folks feel anler these sareumetanco." And .Mr. Jenkins touched his foretop, aon uowed himself te?. The two young pep Is eat on either side If the rude board tab, and looked at eacl other, He, tall, fair, blonde, with clear blue yes, and a face which bore, if ever man's 'aeo did, the stamp of nobility and truth. And vet he stood cuoseed-o r?m-Iswt eiorous crime man may commit-the "uoder o1 his brother I Alice, brown-haired, brown.eyed, with a clear creamy ekin and a little flush of arimecn on her cheeks, was very sweet to look upon; and though she was only a poor osewinggirl, she bore about her the unmis. takable air of refinement and cultivation. Her history was a simple one-so simple and so common that it is hardly worth alluding to it. Her parents had died young and left her to depend on her own exertions. She had sewed in rich families, and when she had a littlalepare money, she had epent it in attending a seminary, and had thus picked up and average education. There wereno ins and no mysteries in her life and neithe were thqr an' great griefs on? 'ihe'o litle sexattos and trogbles whml} t ipvabl ycome ip t ipse upon 5he had me Barry 4thcrlpn 'nd loved biimand?is his misflrtu Resaheo-l b seen no other way for her but to follow him and cheser him all she eould, " How kind it was of his ! old woman; , eaid Alice, laughing, " to send aus this pot. pie. I nia so desperately hungry-and it iastes so good I You see, I had not much money to atart with, and I had to make it last. And I have not had a good meal since I left. Only a bite now and then, and an apple or an orange when I felt as if I could afford it." "My poor dear And I have caused you all this trouble," said Harry, sadly. " I tould almost wish I had never erossed your path." ."aBu- o aot.dN; . ?o ed And anow that you have had such a feast, I want yoU to tell me all about this trouble of yours, and then I shall understand how it is that you are'not guilty.'r " But ybn 4o not know that I am not guilty......... . "Indeed, I do know it. I fd! it -hare," laying her hand on her heart"'c ad Dnothing pould ohangea y beliele." Harry took her haud and kissed it. "Yon are a darling for trusting me ia spite of appearances." he said, the boyish smile of old spreading over his handsome face; "but when I have told you just how it was, you will think I was eo weak, aid uch a coward, that I fear you will despite wo ralmost glad thabt he was an saene.d crmminal, t'i.t he miblst nae nsuch rare and delightflul proofs of this young gi'I's love. "Well, then," he ?aid, toeeing bark the hair from his forehead, "to Legin with, I once fancied myclf in love." Alice turned her brown eyes cn lim. and put up her lip lik:e a grieved child." 'Oh, it was ages and a?re ago, bolero I ever sawy ou, dear," he hastened to say, and then he bent over and kissed her frrrebeid just where the blown hair rippled lp. rI. "That alters the case," said A:ice ; " so tell me all about her. I shall not bh jealous." " You need not he; for now I know that I never eared for her. What I took for love was only a boy's passing fancy for a beautiful Ifue." "I dare say. Boys eare o silly l" " Icr name was Maude Glenmore, andshe was very wealthy and aristocratic, and she lived in the city, and was betrothed to a fhne, handsome gentleman in her own station in life, Mr. loss Montgomery. She- both of them-came for the summer to Carnieigh Shores, where my home was. Paul- that was my brother-and I used to row the boarders out in our boat, and both of us fell in love with this peerless Matsde." "You mean you thoughlt you di.,'" corrected Alice. "Yes; but with Paul I believe it was a serious affair. He was not one who would readily change, and I thinh-hicge-at o- was the one love of his life-time." "That is nice. I like your brother Paul." " ie was a noble fellow, but he had a high temper, and he was furiurely jealous of me. To do Mies Glenmore justice, I do not think she could be accused of encouraging either of us, hbut believed that-sholovedPtnul-,rti that if it had not been for the differerco-in their stations, she wou'd have thrown Mont. gomery cver and nccep!ed my brother. I know that she did not love Montgomery, and Paul was a princely sort of fellow, always cool and brave as a lion; for twice I had seen him swim out to sea and bring in bathers who were drowning in the surf. But that is not to my story. Paul and I met one night on the cliffs, and we had some hot words about Miss Glenmore. He accused me of trying to take advantage of him with her, and I showed him a rose she had given tome, and then kissed the wilted thing and putt i in my bosom." " How silly of you." Yea, dear, it was insufferably silly, bhut I was young then, so very young, you know. Paul was incensed, and he sprang towards me with hot words on his lips, and then-I never knew just how it was-but he lost his balance, and I tried-ob, so hatdl--o snatch him back to safety, but in vain. He went over the cliff backward, and his white face as it disappeared from my sight in the miets of that dismal night will haunt me to my dying day I" And Harry Atherton sovered his face In his hands and sobbed bitterly. Alice smoothed his hair with her tender fingers, and cried softly in sympathy, " Of course it was very dreadful, but you were not to blame, Don't cry. It hurts me." "I have wept myself to sleep over the tee. rihle memory many anight, li. Youddo not know what it is to live with seoh a shadow," "But, surely, be was a good swimmer your brother was-why did he not swim ashore 1" "I do not know, but I suspect that his head must have struck on one of the jagged rocks which jutted out from the face of the cliff, an stunned him. The accident hap. pened at the worst place on the coart-the cliff which overhangs a sort of whirlpool known as the Demon's Basin, and the old fishermen say that no one who ever touches these fatal waters ever escapea alive." "And his body was found, was it not?" "NeverI Though diligent search wea made for it, they tell me, it was never discovered," " They tell you-surely you helped in tLe search I" "Alice I was a coward I I told you that yen would despise mel But you cannot desplee me more than I loathe and detest my. Self I I was mad with grief and terrorm I rushed down the steep path leading to the shore as quickly as I could, and with frant:a haste sought for my brother I But I did not find him I All night, until the gray dawn broke grimly in the east, did I eesrch for him I stood on the pebbly shore as the tide rushed in, hurried and lashed by the strwng-east -win and waited-fo?r t breakers to bear his body to my feet I See her c"-he pulled back his blonde hair from his temples, and showed a thick sprinkling of gray hair.-u these came there that night, Alice, and my boyhood and my happiness died when the morning broke and I knew than Paul was dead I" " My poor Harry I" "I dared not save any alarm. Fool that I was, I feared that I should r sceuesed of killing Paul if I told how he had died, and I allowed the .-ple to find ontfor tneniativ s that he had disappeared. I gave no clue to his disappearance. Various conjectures were afloat, but I was not s:spected. And, strangely enought, the night that Paul disap peared opr mother' died elope in the little cottage wherp we had all been so happy and my adopted sister, Ethel left the plapa and neve; came backnk '" "Tioua adopted iegsr 7"' sei- ,lictesinh'k. "lIight it not rea, that, qltrr all. Pai?l did not die, and they went a ay touether? ' " No," he answered sadly, ' for I have seen Ethel sinpe that and I know why she went, She was op the pliffs that night and she saw me push my brother over. That was how it appeared to her. And sh-e fld from bhme and friends lest she might be forced to l.. pear againat me- and tertify aToTo h'st?e had seen," "Bile was a noble girl I" said Alien, warmly, "and I hope I shall meet hor sery soon, and tell her how good she was." "Alter a while euspieian mae Rrousrsd against me. ly I g rt-fr I left C er letuh soon after the tragedy of my brother'e death-was against me; and then an oldI fisherman died, end in dying he confessed te _n !ergymano thet-he hod- eewmepso-hay brother over thoetliff. N, need to o inlae particulars. A reward was offered for my ep prehsion; Ethel hunted ,:p, and a; e ver led ?o death ; and datecticen mres daogir.g ma, aod atlast I was arrested, I ws EinEigig in a theatre bshen m wla take,." : ' The this is noj the first tlime yu hrg been hbunted' dawn 1'! "lo. ut forune favored mp. The trn;q en whieh .hly re a taking me to poi.on waa wreuked1 the officer who hbd meirit'harge wae -ereunalul inju;rt.1- aad-m e j esgope. Ifany times I wa. near brine tak' o, hut just miaoiod i, until S esta hunted me dowly "And this sister Ethel I Will thry bring her to testify egoinet yoai" "Ethel is in the city. I do not know il they will wait for her return. BIt I am hound to tell you, dear that I expect to he proved guilty." ITo be eontistccd.) On his last legs--The kangaroo, The late Riv. Dr. N. yIL-, when minister of the paerish of D-, was on on, oacasion marrying a couple at Smeaton Colliery. After the ceremony thae reverend gentleman, in his usual jocular way, rc. marked: " My man, I've tied a -not wi' my tongue ye cannotloore wie tr tgAl." " l \- -.- r-n-uine - -iL1irs to ,,yauan ?'but, Mahter M''L--, I m lootu'n ni' m' hsels," Printed and published by the Proprietors, KAIN & TIlonsox, at their Office, 168 - 170 Queenaberry.street, North Melbounc, TELEPIIQNE 1101, 