SOFTY. We chrlslcnui him Kofty when he Joined our regiment, the fni'-fnmed Bri tish Borderers, he was so fresh find soft and simple, he swallowed everything we told him, he look all for gospel, did ueh Hilly- things. One night nt on Inspection dinner we persuaded hint to go up to the general and ask him whether he thought that Julius Ceasar had llrsl Invented the or- I'T of attack, Thu general, who was a Jolly old cock, saw us all grinning, and :<nid he'd let us know next 'lay. when he no harried and hunted us nhont the drill Held that wc wished we had left the order for attack atone. He was the tempered chap In the world. Yon could see It In Ids face; fair nod chubby and child-like— when wo first knew him: his blue eyes wcrj: so round and wide open, nn If with surprise and astonishment — and he was n good deal surprised sometimes. Nothing hardly put 1dm rail. He would laugh with the rest of un, and shout "Oh. I say?" when he saw — not very quickly — that wc had dune him again. Once only he got really Into u rage, and that was when we "drew hlin." He never minded it as a rule, hut that night someone fell foul of a photograph — a 'lady, young, pretty, a regal ripper —and cried : "Here, boys, look! she's Softy's ' mash!" Softy made one rush. His eyes were blazing, and his fuce was first crimson, then dead white. "Drop that, Morti mer. Drup It. or — TTstmy mother. She Is dead," .. .Mortimer war. a great bulking rough fellow. Hut he knew how to behave. "Beg your pardon, old clxtp: of course, I'd no Idea." he wild, (Binding Iilrn the photograph, and we all went quietly uway. As you may suppose, we got very fojid of Softy, He wasn't a Ml of u soft In other wuys: he could do hjls of things well. lie wjih a nice lightweight und could ride above a bit: was a smart Held at.erickel. and wus -tough to handle .with single sticks or t'ae gloves. We were soldiering those days In Hall- fax, Nova Scotia. Jt Is some time ago, so I darekay many of the old landmarks are gone. The only paner of amusement was n theatre known as "hmlovlcl's Ly ceum," a glorified Lean, nothing more, rt nil the company the merest strollers. Hut Ludnvlcl was a eln tractor In his way, iui unrecognised genius according to him self, hut with lire niakLng of a great nct- or. This making -'v.tw, however, long delayed, und so wan 'the fortune it was 4o bring. , Tho. Lyceum did not get much patron age beyond that of the regiment, and Ludovlel never hud a really good aenson. At Inst he all but cnmc lo conspicuous grief; he owed for tlie barn, the "ghost never walked," and' ruin stared him In the Tacei r It was Softy who found this out. He had always a han/.ozrlng after the stage, and seldom mlssi1 a night ul the Ly ceum. Ludovtet and lie 'scraped ac quaintance. Softy's Idea wets that we should give the munuger a benefit to help him through his troubles; ' an amateur per formance. . unstated by the professions. AVc rathor pooh-poohed (he Idea, but Hofty was pcrtlnaelouH. This wss the first evidence of thai dogged persistence about him which lielped hbn so greatly In after life, and In the end we chose the "Ilelr-nt-LuMv," with Ludovlel as Dr TangloHS,, und - Softy as Tady Dubcrly, "by partlcirlur rciuest" of bis brother subs, ivho thought to take a rise out 'of him when figged out' In petticoats and patches und pearl powlcr. .At mess fellown said thru Softy was "stage stimck," imd . money was offered and taken 'Hint he would out the service and go Into partnership with otd "Loo." For a long time we suw vury, little of him. This was both before and after the. theatricals. It was natural enough at first, on account of rehearsals, and all llmt, hut afterward why was he so much taken up with Ludovlcl? What did he see In' the chap?. We never quite got' tho rights of It, until one dny Hnfty came to mu — I was one of his best pals. — and snld he was going to exclmnge. ' , "I want to get to Imlha 'A fellow lins moie chance there; seeing service,- you know, and utl that, nnd I'm sick of this peace business. .1 .slinJI try the shiny. Tull Is offering I/IOO to ?gct Mto 'ours,' I'd like the money." i smelt a rat and prcuseil lilni. "Why was he so keenUbouL coHarliig.lhe stuff? He was not such a wasf.i-ul: dld.u't but, or swagger,, or drink, -or. waste his sub stance. How or why .avus he so hard up? . ..After a- hit I f»q massed It nut (if him. , Tie had promised to lent! LuAovlel u couple of .hundred coutide. Jlc had squnrud it with Cox. the army agents, but only on the coisjltlon that he ex changed nnd repaid the overdraft with the Imnits paid. . I was .fairly mod wit 'a him, and gave U him hot. What! "Wore we lo lose the best boy , tlidt had Joined us. for years, nil for, this scheming, swindling old .scoundrel, , . , 1 found on! where the Ludnvlds bung out, , ami wont . str«l#jbt to the house. They ware rather / poor lodgings Ik a frame hcvusc. An old slatternly negro woman opened the. door and showed me strulgb.i up Htnlni. No, Mr Ludnvlcl only half a dozen chlld'ren, elenn nnd; tidy, round n ton t.ablo spread with nether a meagre meal. The eldest, « girl ul: out 14, at "tho un- RiTttcful ago," tall and gawky, with a ; pale, Hallow.fuee, fxatnud by n grout mass . of ravnn -black liuli , and lightened by inagulficent dark lUtllnn eyes, roso und Came to me with n. (luestlonlng look. . "I -wanted lo see ?ilr Ludovlcl." I wild, n little abasbod. f"\ am one of the JlorUerors,.u brol'luir.ollleor. of Mr Sey- At the,; sound of Seymour's name a pretty color rose 'to lujr cheek, and some thing iudcHurllm'tile, n soft, sweet., look came Into her line dark eyes. ''Mr. Heymovtr's friends are our friends, "-she said with a matron's self- possession, putting out her little' brown hand, .; "Jle- has "noon very good to us." "I love -Mlthtcfr Tbeemoore,' erle'd a small voice.' with . lior. muuth ifull of bread and butler, and.. the remark was ocboi'd round t;ho tublu, eudliig wltli, "Ami Polllo lov Hi Mltlifer Theemoore,',' from the first speaker; Follle. who wan the lauky , old.-sL child of. thu party, laughed ii little conwlousiy; then sternly ehlded them, rind brule them be qulet. \- in the inltlHt of it all Mr Ludovlcl aud Softy came lo. together. "Hex," erlej.l the latter, looking at uie with more anger In his face than I thought he cniild -show, "what on earlh brings you here?" "f ciiinc lo spunk to Mr Ludovlcl on a ' private ncitter," I Hlntnmcred out, rnlher dlscnnceKed. Softy carnn nunrur nnd wiilaperctl fiercely :'"l'dbnt know what It menns, but If you are Interfering in my affairs, dipt; King, I beg .you will drop It. There!" Dut lhc.-old actor had taken me by. the arm und was motioning Softy uway. . "Thls ls iny prlvute sanctum.V he snld, leading mo Into a squalid, untidy room ' whero ho slept. There was a bud In one corner, and this bed, with every other part of tho room, wan littered about wiih rubbish bulonglng to his, business; old . playbills, properties, rouge.potH.liattered wigs,' tin swords, a helmet, high boots. "I can guess, sir. that you have heard . of. our young friend's generosity, and that you disapprove. Believe mu— or not, ns you please— but T have been very loth to accept It. I refused several times. But boar with inc while I toll you my Ho had a rich, deep, jierHunalvc voice, and I quickly understood I he effect It would have on Hofty. . "I am a gentleman, sir, Itorn nnd bred; 're of the Merediths, of Durham. How 1 (uno to be this— a poor mummer"— be pointed significantly at tbe properties .(t'-wn around— vis Immaterial.- But I have had a struggle. I married a wo rn "n of genius, but It was eclipsed pro- : ir,.\ i, truly. Those' ure her children. They wc uld be motherless but for my bruve little Polllo, who— who— but words fall m«: to tek. you what she has been to th ;m and to inc. Now, when i have been In the very; lowest water, at the last gasp, my luck has turned. I have an ofier, u distinct and special offer, from"— He mentioned the name of a famous London munuger of those days— "an offer of an engage ment at the St. James's Theatre for next season. "ft Is my chance, nt Inst— the chance I have hungered for ah these years. Name and fame, nnd fortune; the future of those little ones yonder; bread, edu cation, comfort, everything assured." 1 thought he overdid it » little, with, nil Ills tricks of dramatic elocution, roll ing his "r's" and making great eyes. He had taken In Softy; he should not do the same with me. Hut what ir Ills slory were really true? It might he. on tlio (.ice of It; and, any way, I ( Softy chose lo make a fool of himself it was In hlB nature, and to keep him out of mischief would take me all my lime. Wo came away together, Seymour and T, hill he was evidently very sore at my Interference, and would hardly speak to me nil the way to the barracks. "Come young chap," 1 said at last. "Don't hear malice. 1 was acting for your good. Hut If you're determined lo uiuke a fool of yourself I've nothing more to say." He thawed a little then, but held to his (Kilnt. "I'd do It whutever you might say, Rex: you, or thu colonel, or the common- dcr-ln-chlef himself. It's not only for Ludovlcl, you see, but there ure ull the children, and little Faille," '.'Ah, yes, I'ollle!" I Interjected with a slight grin. "I tell you she Is the most extraor dinary little brick you ever knew. She's Just splendid. Why. Nhe's everything to llnit family, u perfect Providence; slaves for them hund urul f<x>t; touches 'em, dresses 'em, ay, and prays for 'em— she's hulf an angel herself Is that bruve- lieuried, uiiseltlsh Uttle mother of barely So young Seymour exchanged for In dia, nnd we gave hint a "send-oft" Ihut nmde every echo of lite old Cltudel bar racks ring. The colonel was present, and spoke such hrnve, kindly words of farewell Dial most of its hud luinpM In our throats, and Softy run fairly blub bering out of the room. Then we escorted hint down to the mail Htenmer, .a whole molt of us, but he es caped nl the wharf. He hud other good byes to suy. nnd we saw him the centre of a little group; the whole or the little Luilovlols were clustered round Ills legs, while the father, who always, reminded me of Crummies, 'with n dash of Mlcuw- ber, raised his arm. Imploring Clod's blessing oil his young friend. Where was Polllc? Only at the last a little figure fiew after Softy, cuughl nt his hands and kissed them ngnln and again. II. A dozen years nnd more rolled by. 7 wan In London on' leave, and the first man I ran up against In the club was Softy. He had landed only that morn ing. Bronzed nnd bearded, he wus other wise unchanged. It was still Softy, with his bright, kindly fucu nnd wide-open eyes. 'They had been busy, eventful years for him, bringing him opportunity, the opening for distinction, tho rewards and reputation he had so rluhly earned. He had won the Cross In Afghanistan for the rescue, of a' wounded comrade under hot lire, an act of unquestioning,- self- sacrificing gallantry ; ho had got two brovols in South Africa, and made Ids name famous by his tenacious defence of an outtHjsL with a handful of men against a whole imp! of Zulus. Here he won, still youthful In appear ance, Hill! a boy at heart, but a V.Ci, a C.H. and an A.D.C. to the queen. Greater honors, the highest' preferments, wore quite within his grasp. Tic might live to bo a field marshal and u military peer. Hofty and I plunged nl once into pleas ant reminiscences, talked Incessantly of old days, and only when all was exhaus ted touched ujhui the future. . we spent ine any vogeuier, luncneu together, did the park, were to dliie to gether and see a play. Like himself, T had but Just returned from abroad, ami wifs ready to lake my fill of the "delights 'of the .town. Walking down Regent street in the evening Just before dress ing for dinner, Softy suddenly cried, "Hullon," and left i(ie nt a run. . A glimpse of a swaylng'sklrt In front of me nnd a. pair of glancing feet told rue it was the old, old story, and 1 laughed to myself at Softy's defection, clearly perceiving the cause, us I be lieved, : "Pollle!" he said. "Miss Ludovlcl! Surely I'm not' wroiig? ' But, oh, how you're changed.", "For the better, T hope, Mr Seymour?" said his old' friend archly as she puused and Hindu him 'a coquettish Utile bob there and .then upon the pavement of the crowded street. Her cheek glowed with rising color ns shinict the undis guised approval or his admiring eyes. The lanky child had grown into the .perfect woman, with a face to druarn of, lighted as of old with those magnificent eyes; They mulled Into bewitching softness nnd filled with sudden emotion when he said Joyfully : "So you have not forgotten me?" "Was It likely, Mt ? 1 bog your purdon, Is Uml right? You are a sol dier now. I am not clever at titles; but I have not forgotten you. Hut let us walk on.' t- A little throng had gathered around (hem, strangely, nn Seymour thought, although Pollle understood. And there was a murmur of. voices,, and a quick eur might have heurd the. name "Mere dith"—' "Mnry Meredith"— tossed about from Hp to Hp, In homage that .was. loo genuine to be rude, Pollle Ludovlcl wus more changed than in outward uppearauee. Shu had hloHHdtncd and ripened Into the 'most popular- actress of the day, with a full measure of the highest gifts, the power to touch" tho'- finest' feelings, to draw all hearts,- to charm away melancholy and provoke unbounded mirth., ' "And what are you doing,' Miss'- — ?" he begun, as they' walked down the street together. "Pollle, ' please," corrected his com panion, Inughlng silently at hls utrange Ignorance. 'Hud he come from' the buck of God speed? ' ; = "Pnllle; yes. I'ollle, ns of ohl. You are still tlie same,1. 1 can swear In thu!.. Tho sainq .bruve, lllllu Pbllhj— staunch, Ht'ir-sfl'6rl(lclng, uncoiiiphwdng." ;,.,"TlincH.hnve rather/chunked wlth'us. Colonel." ."Softy, '.please," ; "Since Halifax," she went on .smiling. 1ml declining the suggestion. "For the bettor, llmnk God." s. VYour father succeeded?" . "Oh, yes! He did well, tlmnkH, ever lastingly, Hofty, to you. He went into nmnagement, and— and"— Shu did nut wunt lo tell him yet that she herself was n bread winner/now, drawing a princely so lury. Indeed muklng-ber own terms, "f may .ooine und sue you?" "Why, of. course." ."When may I1 onie? Where do you live'?" . "Gome next Sunday.- 'Hanover Tor-' race. Regent's Park. Come at lunch time; we ure all at. home . then — father and all. Glbel she's next lo inc.you know— keeps house. Archle's n a crammer's at Wool- rich. Ho wants to he a soldier like— like you. The youngest are all at school. They are dear, goml children, nnd do tnc "Pollle, dear Pollle, how good you were credit.",-; _ to the»i!;t "And /now. Colonel— Softy? Yes, It shnll be Colonel Softy. 1 have an en- gngc— an oppolnimcut. Will you forgive inc? I must take a cob." . lie turned to hall one,' but she ulready had Jumped' Into a passing hnnsotn. "For a man who hn« only jusl ar rived frorp the shiny you've not been long In making sonic nice now friends." He corrected me rather sillily. "That wa« a.vory old friend— Miss Ludovlcl. You remember, of the Halifax days?" , . "Gracious heavens! Seymour, us If 1 should forget them. But I do trust that you arc not going to take up with thnt lot again." I foresaw, knowing nothing of the facts, all HortH of complications, the In- Jury, perhaps, and cheek to his curecr. "Did the old villain ever repay .you thut 2000 pounds'?" 1 asked. "Most certainly. The very next year. But enough c»r that, If you please. I think 1 know my -own business," , In? said, -briefly, and to! put an end to the subject, asked: \- "What have you ordered ? One's first dlniier dt the club Is rather an event." Two days- after Seymour presented himself In llanover TCrruce. unU wus re ceived like a long-lonl Htm and brother. With soldier-like promptitude. Sufty deelnrud himself directly he und Pollle W(re alone together. "I loved you, Pollle, I believe, when you were a child." he snld, simply. ' "Who could help It, seeing you- us you were then, and-whut you did. It ull comes buck to me. now," "You were very g6od to us, Col. Sey mour," she faltered. "It was for lovo of you. I have thought of you always, all ihcse years, us the best und sweetest of little women. I know, now (lint we meet again, that I cannot live without you. No one else shall be my wife." Th'ey sat there side by side, hand In hand. She suffered him to take her Into his arms, to hiss her on the. Hps, to whisper his endearments, and he thought thut she wus won. . But then, quite suddenly and abruptly, she broke uwuy from him, and- stood, at her full height, dellant.nml with hnnds outstretched, keeping him nt bay. "No, no, I ennnot aedept you. 1 must not, will notl" she stammered In a hard, exprenslnnless voice. ' 1 " You do not understand, Softy, and I cftimot explain— not now. If 1 marlrpd you— yes— 'If,' Indeed, there Is an 'If— It must make a great change: It! would be a -great wrench. —I— should have to break with " Jfe looked at her In utter bewilderment, (o loyal and trustful to misunderstand tier, us a more worldly-minded man might have done. ' "See, darling." Once more her mood changed, nnd she enme to him, placed one soft band Impressively on his arm, while the other sought h!s and held -It tight. "Softy, I love you .dearly, and I would be proud to be your wife. There Is lio reason why I should not accept you now. on the spot. . But something sill! stands between us. I am foolish perhaps to let .11 weigh with uie. But It does, and I cannot bring myself lo remove It, even ut the cost fif my happiness." 'Loverlike, he sought lo silence her ob jections, hql she held him hack. "No, no; I must have time to decide. You shall linve an answer, I promise you. within a week, but not now. I mean thut: I do. Indeed. ' .All this has been far too sudden,. Why, only think, three days have not gone by since our first meet ing." ' Two duys Inter he came lo me In the morning room of the club, with an open letter In tils'huhd. " I don't know what lids means. Hntni'on'e has1 Hon) me a box for ' the theatre— the Royal Sovereign. Why Is It?" "Tribute to the victorious soldier-— " ."Hot!1 Will you oonio?" We huiited up tho papers to see what they were doing at Lho ftoyal Sovereign.1 It .was Romeo and Juliet, and among tho short press extracts In the advertise ment we feud thnt "Mary Meredith was Incomparable; hers wan the finest Im personation of Juliet In this or hr any age." / NeltherAiC us— t can swear for myself, nnd. T believe, for Softy— connected Mary Meredith with Polly Ludovlcl. Nor did It. when we were seated In the. stage box, the very best In the house, recog nise her. In 'the least. It was a magnificent performance., I was greatly struck, greatly Impressed, by It, and-I snld ns much coldly ami critically to Softy after- the act drop fell, He'dld not turn at first; nnd when pre sently ho did so, I suw plainly that ho was still umier tue-inuucnce of strong, ovortnnslerihg emotion; his eyes were inotid.' his hands shook, his - voice trembled, nnd ho looked nt'mo as one dazed when 1 repeulcd my remark. "Wonderfully good, -eh?" -- "Don't -you know ' her, man? ; II'b Pollle."., ' -For the rest of the night I got no sense out' of Softy, When the curtain was up he- followed Juliet with rapt nt- tlon, absolutely absorbed; butwccn tlie nets ho drew- back Into the corner of thu box, shut up In silent self -com muning. .'"Hard hit, eh, Master. Softy, I said, with a pnor attempt nt fun, to which ho dlsdnlnud a.rcply. "Woll, she Ik a splen did creature; ..I'd often' heard of Mary Meredith; nowl can understand." . -/".YcH. yt'HpI.-too, cun understand." Ho spoke In -riddles,- but I know, now that lie had realised- :il last whut'-'slie luid meant by ber hesitation to uccept hlm. Would he usk her lt> giro up her art for him?.; -How could hujierinit her, for his sake, ilp \lot;.hur genius suffer such eclipse? --1''- : ' -One forenoon, towards, thu cnd.of the week, a brougham drove up to.llnnovcr Terracc..nnd from It alighted a very dis tinguished personage, who naked for Miss Meredith, und was at once ad mitted. She received him In her private sitting room, seir-pussussed and queenly, urruyed in spotless white, with one crimson blossom at her waistband, ^an other In her raven hulr. "It Is very good of you, Miss Merc- illth. to grant me till# Interview." tiegan tin- groat soldier. "I nhould not huve presumed to Intrude, and in the In terests of unothcr. Can you guess the objects. of my mission?" "NO"— she spoku very gravely— "It Is not fitting thut I should do so. Nor can I admire the good taste of—" "Stay one moment, please. Let me remove any misapprehensions, i come, on behalf of Col. Seymour " "Ah!" she exclaimed. "But without his knowledge," She motioned him to a chair, and com prised herself to listen to him. "Miss Meredith, I am an old innn. 1 claim .the privileges of age, and 1 inn fortified by the excellence of my Inten tions against any misconstructions of what. I am about lo say. i have come to ask you ir you know what Col. Sey mour has In contemplation?" " Your lordship Is franknesn Itself. May I venture to be equally frank? In what way do our affairs— Col. Heymour'a und mine— concern you?" "MisHMeredllh, I will he plain .and ex plicit with you. Col. Seymour came to my levee a day or two back, and «ui- nounccd his Intention of- leaving the army at once. Now. you know, Miss Meredith, that Col. Keymour is a most promising officer; he Is ulready far ad vanced In a most distinguished career; with health and fortune, he may rise higher und higher. In aity case, his ser vices would be greatly missed by the queen nnd country." "Did he tell your lordship why he pro posed to leave the army?" asked Mury Meredith, looking up suddenly, speaking almost fiercely, but with the tears very neur her eyes. "It Is none of my doing; J made no 'such compact with him, I guve him no right to suppose that I wished U„ or that R stood In the way of " \- Her eyes filled, and she could say no ."(.naturally asked lilrn. I pressed him to.uxpluin this busty and, its I felt It, ill- judged resolve," raid th great personuge, speaking fast und freely, obviously with the cour teous wish to let her recover her self. "After much hesitation lie con fessed that he wlshud to marry, that his continuing In the service' was a stiifnbllng-hlock— " "I never said that!" cried Mnry holly. "Not that quite, perhaps; but he Im plied that he would be freer— that by surrendering his own career he might save the lady from a still greater sac rifice; aud then— at last— f ascertained that R was you. I saw it all then." There wus a long pause, broken ut last by Mary Meredith, who rose from her seut and impetuously took the stage, walking to and fro, wringing Inn hands In evident. emotion, for. artist-like, she whs cusily swayed, and this trull In her own dear Hofty touched her to the quick. "Do you know our story, sir?" She halted abruptly In front of her visitor and us the old man looked up at t her loveliness and at the noble nnture that showed through her streaming eyes he felt that lo win such a woman a man might be well content to lose the whole world. And then she told hint everything, from the first, days in Halifax till the present time, far more eloquently tlmh T. old Rex King, Softy's friend, have set It down. "And now, sir, lie proposes to make the debt Intolerable. We owe hlin every thing already; how could I repay him If J accepted tills last und greatest sacri fice? A week ago I did siot know my self. 1 was still so selfish und ungrate ful ns to. let the hollow rewards of my profession weigh down the balance against Ids love. 1 have 'thought much, lived much these last few days, and have settled clearly enough wlmtnnswcr I shall give hlin.' I shull tell him. If he usks me, that I am ready to give up nil, everything, for him, und to walk hare- foot by his Hide, If he so wishes II, to the other end of thu world." And now she broke down, sinking hack Thou that distinguished personage, realising that he laid been permitted to see Mary Meredith In the finest scene she hud ever acted In her fife, und not In play, but In real, sober earnest, Just touched her fingers with his Hps and stole quietly away, N The news' Umt thu most popular. !nc- truss of the day was about to marry and leave tlic stage fell an a great blow iipon the iowii, The'rlghls of the story were never exactly known, although many vagiio and mysterious paragraphs tip; paired In the public prints, giving various versions of Mary Mercdlth'H romantic love, story. -We— Spfly's -old friends— understood It ull. Bo did much more august people, for Lord ——.did not quite keep his own counsel. - When Lady Keymour wns presented on her mnrriagc. the greatest lady In the land klHsed her and' whispered a few kindly words thai Implied much. Aud among the thousand and one pre sents bestowed. nn the happy pair, there was not one, I believe, more highly' .treasured than the great loving cup which- bears tho Inscription: "To Folllc ninl Softy, from the Hoarders' Mess."— j MuJ, Arthur Griffiths In the "New II- lustrated Magazine," 