DR. WILLIAMS’ PINK PILLS. HAVE CUBED MR THOMAS JARVIS OF LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA AFTER DOCTORS AND HOSPITALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEEN CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE MEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PERFORMED! From tlio Australian Workman. In reply to the preliminary ques tions, said : “ You want to know nil about my easo ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may' bo of value to those who are stricken as I was.” About five years ago next Christ mas I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a hath in Pitt-streot, Sydney. Since tho accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual deveiopmout of tho malady I wn forced to give up my billet at tko Glebe Island.” “ Whnt were the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They wore about as much as I coaid bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last 1 saw a well- known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions. “ Did yon make use of the order ?’’ l,N'>; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. [ was under him for five or six weeks. He C8tne to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, character ised by peculiar disturbances of gait and differing in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told mo that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in tho case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr Williams Pink Pills For Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking my fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. Yon see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. Yon see I am rapidly regaining strength. “ Ho is a 100 per cent, better,” said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “ Dr Williams’s Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than ho did a fortnight previously. “ I can now,” continued Jarvis, “ have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I kept on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during tho past fivo years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which [the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating p^in. But they can stay where they are,Tor I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believo their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sonsation out hero.” Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams’s Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tho many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anosmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho back, nervous headaches, etc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr Williams’s Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr Williams’s Medicine Company, Qneen’s-place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 2d. 