The Incarnation. ¡ By the Rev. F. B. Meyer, B.A. :- "The word was made flesh."-John I., 14. "The word hecame flesh." Thus the Revised Version better renders the original. But what a profound mastery these words cover! Open the golden compasses of thought to mea sure, if it be possible, the distance between these two extremes, the word, and flesh. The Word, the Eternal and Ever Blessed Son of God; the fellow of Jehovah; able to utter God because Him self God; through whom all things were made, j Flesh, à frail and transitory fabric woven from the dust, and destined to return to dust; limited to time and space; comprehending, as it does so evidently, not only the human body, but the en tire human nature of which the flesh is the out ward and visible embodiment. What word shall unite EXTREMES SO INFINITELY REMOVED? What link is there few these two? The Word made flesh? It is true, but not enough. The Word pitied flesh! That had bee» mar vellous, but also - insufficient. The Word clothed Himself with flesh! Even thal were inadequate, for in that case He would only have borrowed a temporary disguise, which He might as easily ¿ave thrown off, and there had been uo entire oneness. No! The Word became Flesh. He was the same Divine Being as before. There was no break or cessation in the essential Oneness of his personality, before or after his holy incarnation. But, as far as we can understand it, uiough in the essence of His being He underwent no 'change, \- yet-He voluntarily gave up the Divine mode of existence, that He might assume the human mode of existence, and might bear it with Him through death and resurrection to invest it ultimately with the Divine glory that He had with the Fathei before the worlds were made. NOTE THAT WORD FLESH. " It seems to have been carefully selected, to show that the nature of the Lord Jesus gathers unte itself all the different traits and attributes ol our many- sided nature, sin excepted. If we had been told that the Word became a man, it would have seemed as if men only could have perfect sympathy. with Him, or that His nature contained only the elements of manhood. >. But since the word flesh is used, we feel that not one sex but both, not one age but all, not one race but the entire human family, may lind its characteristic properties in his lovely glorious Being. No one form of human life has an ex clusive right to Him. All forms of life And their counterpart In Him. All rays of color blend their hues in the white light of His na ture. All sides of love, like the double optics of a stereoscope, do but set forth that one in finite love which fills his heart. "?Shrist gathers up in Himself the ideal vir tues of man and woman, of boyhood and girl hood, of age and middle life," of European and Asiatic. All that is most noble and strong in men, all that is most graceful and tender in women, all that is most winsome and engaging in little children, all that is lovely in anyone, is to be found in our Lord, in whom is neither Jew nor Greek, neither bond ' nor free, neither male nor female, but Christ is all and in all. THIS DISTINGUISHES CHRISTIANITY from all religions beside. They are tribal, topi cal, limited in their range to the people among whom they have originated. Take Mohammed anism, for instance. It, no doubt, has some grains of precious truth, as, for instance, the unity of God;' but it can never become a .world wide religion, because there are large portions of our common human nature which can find no counterpart or representation in the character or teachings of Mohammed. To use the expression of another, "the mosaic of humanity is not total ised in him." But Christ touches man at every point, man as man, through every grade and variety of man hood. There is no note in the great organ of our humanity, with the exception of the jarring dis cord of sin, which dqes not, when it is struck, awaken a. sympathetic vibration in the mighty ranga and scope of the Being'.of Christ. This is the secret of that wonderful fascination which Jesus has for men. We feel that He can understand us. - . "He is touched with the feeling of our irfflrmities." "He is made in all things Uko unto his brethren." And," as we shall see, every man can find in Christ th§ complement of his nature, the supply of his deficiencies, the ful ness for his need. . . DWELT AMONG US. Tabernacled is the better word. What is there here but an allusion to the wanderings of the desert, during which Jehovah dwelt in a tent or tabernacle, a pilgrim like the rest! All that WOB a symbol of eternal realities. .The Tabernacle was a material representation of thé great truth of the Incarnation. ' lt. was made after the pat tern of the nature of our Lord, which;: as>'¡tha sublime antetype, was eternally present to tho mind and thought of God. "Well then might Jesus speak in the same breath of tho temple and of his body (ii. 21). And well may the Holy Ghost here use the same comparison. We aro the pilgrim host. Our bodies áró ,but' frail, shifting tabernacles, to bo as .easily dis solved as a tent is struck (2 Cor. v. 1), and aruidsf; us has been reared the true Tabernacle, whioli God has pitched, and not.man: aud through which' the..Shekinah has shone, kindling the frail .Our tains of mortal flesh with dazzling radiance on its passage through their folds-in waives of glowing glory. " . , There were times when the light that shone-, in the most holy place could not be confin^'tl there, .but issued forth, and Hooded the enöre/1-.; structure so that the multitudes without - couicî discern its splendor. And so in tho earthly lifo of our blessed Lord there were moments whfin ltliQ. glory of the Only-Begotten of the Father .'broico -through the limitations which He had'assumed; and bathed his mortal body in transcendent light ; and beauty. Such a season was the Transfigura tion, when even his garments became white rasuhe light. Then were the Apostles "ey.e-wllnesses of. His majesty." Thou did they behold Hía glory, "the glory as of the. Only-Begotten of the Father." , .. "WE BEHELD HIS, G ¡., i ii V " It is as if St. John had said. "There can ber no.mistake.The Lord was. no more' appearance; or ..phantom;."or. vision of the imagination. My eyes are dimming now,, but once they were . bright and keen,, and could not have been deceiv ed. My head is white with'the snows of many winters, but it often lay on his bosom. I can easily recall the accents of his voice, often havo I. felt the clasp of his hand. And if there ia one .day I remember above others, it is that in which He challenged us to behold bis bauds and feet, and assure ourselves that it was not av;sp>rit, ; but Himself. 'We have ;not followed cunxiin'gly, devised fables;.' and we could not have been mis taken as to the glory, which could not be hid, and which betrayed His divine power and Gdd« head." "Full of grace and truth."-Grace ls meniHionptl three times in this paragraph, and it is ; ¡tile fitting climax to the golden series oí revelations. The.keynote of Nature was Order; of History, nvas Justice; of Conscience, was Righteousness;/ oí Jewish revelation, as summed UP J vi the namco! ; Moses, was Law. But the keynote of thc Incarna- .; tión was Grace-the unmerited love of. God^-whichr made itself of no reputation, and tooik tip the nature of man. GOD'S GLORY IS HIS GUA ('E. When Moses desired to behold ilia glory, this was the reply wafted back into hiv, soul:. "I will make all My goodness pass before rheo, and I will proclaim the name of the Lord beforr thee; anti .will be gracious. . . ." But it ls grncu .lilied with truth. He is a just, God and a Waviti ir. -There is a bridal between His righteousness and: His mercy. Deep down in the,solid irtanite "if ever lasting truth are laid the foundations of tho Temple, of which the doors stand ever open Jo wel come the whosoever of mankind. Who woulcï wish it otherwise? Who would care for a love which contravened the most elementary coneep- . tiens of justice in our hearts, and which might one .day have to yield to inevitable scruple a?HÏ compunction? "Of His fulness have all we received."-The íül we cannot only mean Himself and his fellow-dís-, ciples who had seen the Lord, but all che believers , of that early age, to whom He wrote, scattered in 1 different places, and removed by sixty years from1 the death of "Christ; and not them alone, but all who by faith have» become onie with Him by a liv ing faith. The Apostle sheds an exquisito light on these:; words when he says, "It.pleased i he Falber that-. in Him should all fulness dwell. In Him dwell eth all the fulne'ss of the Godhead bodily. . And.' in Him ye aro made full." (Col. i. 19.-10)." - GOD LONGS,;FOR US TO LIVE KULL LIVES, and that we may He has put all His glorious re- ; sources into the nature of the Man Christ Jefeus,'. so .making them accessible and putting them willi »: in roach of the weakest .and Ednfuleot of Ilia ; children.. Thus does the channel of the Nile , bring water which is generated in thc mountains of South Africa, within reach ot the Egyptian peasants, whei-e gardens are situated on ihe Î edge of the burning sands. Why then are.we so.fi content with . poverty and emptiness? Let UH receive out of Hiis fulHeera. It is throbbing .like1.; an ocean against,the walls of our hearts continu-; "ally, let us open to let lt in, that lt may. cover the long unsightly reaches of ooze and sand. Let us ask the Holy Spirit to teach us the bless-... ed habit of taking what we need from hour t o ? . hour. The uplifted eye of faith will at any mo-' meat causa a tide , ci His fumera to flow in, en riching,-strengthening, and blessing the soul. "Grace for Grace."-Wave on wave. It is a mistake to rest on past br present experiences, eking them out with- jeatous care, lct?t lh;y ßhould run short. The best means of getting more grace is to. use the graoe we have got. It is the law of all life, especially of spiritual life: "To him' that hath shall more be given, and ho shall have abundantly." We may not always perceive the flow of the golden oil-of grace from its Divine reservoir. We may not be always sensible of the Divine communications. But if we . claim . them by a naked faith, and if we live up to the limits of what we .have got, there, will be no limit- to tha bleessd stores with which we eball become enriched for ' ever. - ? -..-,<. , The Archbishop of Sydney's commissary has addressed a circular letter to the Anglican clergy, enclosing a copy of the synod's resolution re the designation of a clergyman in charge of a parish, which is that of "rector," and which it was deemed advisable should become general throughout the diocese from January 1 next. The Rev. Robert Dyson, a Wealeyan supernu merary minister, residing alt Kogarah for somo itime, whose serious illness we recorded som© weeksr* ago, died on December 14, and was interred at the Sutherland Cemetery the following day, a number, of ministers and laymen of the ,-Wesleyau,,\Çhuh:h, .?? being presenit. Mr. Dyson entered the,,;tnmI»Vtry'/" in 1870, and came to Australia in lfiS.'L when, he' wai "> appointed 'to the Orange circuiit, since which ho has had charge .of several important cl rou Ita, until hi« health broke down ahout three year« ago«, 