ECHOES. (Br Sor»D.) He was a landowner, be had a Chinaman — Charlie something — as a gardener, and he had some tine chrysanthemums. A friend of his also had chrysanthemums and the re sult was the bet of a pound between the two gentlemen as to which would do the best at the Hamilton Horticultural Show. Next day the first landowner said to the Chinaman, " Look here Charlie I've bet a r>und with Mr. — that we beat him. If win you can have the pound." Bat Charlie did not, at first, receive this intimation with, the approval expected, for. after a moment's consideration he queried "That is veUy good, but spose Mr. beats you shall I have to pay the pouud. I no saveethat." Oli 1 no. of course not, if he beats us TO pay the pound." "All light," exclaimed Charlie, 4" that vclly good, velly good bet. we beat him I get the pound, he beat us, you pay the pound. Velly good." His Honor the Chief Justice when once on circuit, was called, upon a suffocatingly hot day. to preside in a poorly-ventilated court. Suoil windows as there were were opened, but not a breath of air w.-s stirring. It was like a Turkish bath. Nevertheless, al though perspiring at every pore. His Honor managed to get off a pun when, in calling the jury, his Associate named Gustav iViude. "What's that? Oust o? wind; that's what I've been longing for, let's have one by all means." "Call James M'Kee." said the Crown Prosecutor on Friday, and James M'Kce was called, got iulo the witness-box, was sworn, aud asked his name. He responded. 44 Do you spell your name M'Kec 'C asked Judge Holroyd. "Your Honor," iutcrj'ected Mr. Honvitz. 44 You seem to spell it with ecse." but not the ghost of a smile passed over the judicial countenance. He was a pillar of the church, a deacon or churchwarden, one of the most cuthusiastic supporters of the temperaucc movement, aud it was one of his proudest boasts that wine had never passed bis lips except when attending Communion. For this he was extolled and held in reverence until a short time ago when in his turn— the church not being in a position to incur the expense — he was requested to supply the wine from the private stock he proudly kept for the purpose. He did to and the result was disastrous. The first man who imbibed spluttered and coughed, the second, being a more seasoned vessel, enjoyed that wine immensely, but Lite third was as completely taken aback as the first. It was not wine it was proof whisky of the very best, and that staunch teetotaller has since been try ing to explain how such an intoxicating liquor happened to be in his house, but his many admirers have their doubts. Let we hasten to add this contretemps did not occur in Hamilton. J fiud tliat opinions differ very rntzch over 1 that decision of Judge Granthaurs in the case of Pennington v. Crossiey in which His Honor ruled that the parties having been in the habit of doing business by post, thereby making the Postal Department their common agent, Pennington could not recover against Crossley for a cheque that was stolen during transmission. The people of Oklahoma are a broad- minded lot who believe in enjoying life, and who see no evil in danciug, card-playing and other like amusements. Jonas Cogswell, an itinerant evangelist, knows this. but (says the Detroit Free Pre?), liis knowledge of the fact was acquired only after a bitter lesson in the i school of experience. Cogswell has been travelling around the territory conducting ; revivals, and although his efforts ana methods did not prove very popular, he per sisted iu the work. At a meeting at Clifton he waxed particularly violent in his denun ciation of all worldly pleasures and the people v, hu indulge iu iliem, and reached a all women and girls who danced. The voting men of the neighbourhood wore indignant, aud that night thev called upon the Rev. Jonas. They pulled him out of bed. aud without giving liiin the time or opportunity to dress, invited him outside to enjoy a ride upon a rail they had brought along with them. 1 he evangelist accepted, not because lie liked that kind of recreation, but because the invitation was so cordial. The men rode him around for a couple of miles. and during the whole time they look turns at telling him what a nice gentlemanly sort of fellow they thought he was. and how they- thought he ought to be somewhere where his efforts would be more appreciated, and ended by allowing him just twenty-four hours to make a start for such a locality. Then they released him and went home, while he cleared ont of the territory in abort order. In this age of scientific wonders and in ventions. one is not expected to be surprised al what he sees or hears. Of all the modern inventions that of the bicycle is perhaps the most popular and generally utilised. In deed. so firmly has the craze implanted itself in the midst of all districts, populous or the reverse, rich or poor, that to be unable to converse upon any part of the con struction of a bike, or on the merits or de merits of this or that make, the most useful gear. etc.. etc.. means to l>e very far behind the times, and an alien to modern society. That the bike should become so popular in the larger centres of population, where each person is continually vieing with bis neigh bour. is not to be wondered at, and it speaks well for the popularity and usefulness of the j new mode of locomotion to know that it has fouud its way to the remotest townshipsand l)ack blook6 of the colonies. It would, in deed, be a difficult matter to travel any dis tance into the interior without either seeing a cyclist or the track of his wheel. The advent of this machine in the back country districts is principally due to the energy of the wily agent, who can so easilj travel from place to place, thereby demonstrating the usefulness of the article he has for sale. To have a bicycle is the highest ambition of the average youtn oi tne present time, and the ways and means to satisfy the longing is in many instances the greatest trouble of the ambitious embryo cyclist, but when we find a youth in Ultima Thole, who has only "read of a bike," and perhaps seen a pic ture of one, developing; the craze, and as suaging hie desire by tarning to and making one with only very rode material at his command, then truly the mania has seized him in its very worst form. This lias been the case in the Salt Tjakes (Harrow) district, where a youth of about sixteen years of age namejS jSrooksby, has shown that he is' possessed! eff extra ordinary inventiveness and ingenuity, and that " he would have a Like.1' rlost Foley, of the Hermitage Hotel, Harrow, is the possessor of thie extraordinary construction, having purchased it recently at an auction sale in the Salt Lakes district. This marvel of construction has no pretensions to elegance, the youthful manufacturer pre ferring an eye to usefulness. The machine weighs close upon a cwt, and the front wheel is composed of two thicknesses of pine boards transversely laid, nailed to gether, and then cat into circular shape, measuring from 3ft 6 in to 4ft in diameter, having alternate layers of linoleum and ballock-liide tacked on for tires; for the hind wheel that of a medium -sired par - ambulator is used, bound up with the same .material as the front wheel in order to make it run smoothly. The reach from front to hack wheel is the" triumph of the extra ordinary piece of mechanism ; it is a care fully' selected trunk of what is known in that district as paper tree or bush fa species of ti-tree), about 2in. in diameter, hav-. inghad three stems or branches, thetimher is curved into shape, fixed on togthe.wheels; with rough iron, and strengthened tend fas tened here and there r by the selectors' friend— bullock hide and 'wire. Thethird branch is cat off about 9m! (Tom its junction with the main stein, and forms (he-seat, which is carefully tsovwred with' &eegwkin; and padded with feathers., lie. front fork is Of iron, and the guiding jga£3s fixed in the box of an ordinary rboggy wlmel, having a Etraitpieceof l-ihch "mmier handles, which is .slso' araaticilly" attached with: bullock-hide. The pedals are made of ,, square pieces of -radeum.and fixed on the front axle. For months the ypnUiful gemas has meed this ' primitive structure for Ihe purpose of mustering and driving stock -to ssaWfs'a SSSSSPIS? negotiate rough tuwocky ground and . mounds of salt as he could 4a macadamised I road. After -Mr. .Foley had landed life new purchase in Harrow, he was more than com pensated for his outlay of 2s fid by witness ing the numerous unsuccessful attempts to ride the machine, during which many mar vellous contortions and unique "gyrations were enacted. It has been suggested that he should send it to the Museum of Novel ties, Varis (here is a chance for the promo ters of the proposed local Museum and Art Gallery), but prior to this an attempt will; be made to secure it for the cycle parade, which is to be held in connection with the' sports on the 24th May. It may be here mentioned that Mr. Brooksby, senr., who has been a long while in the Harrow dis trict, of which he was one of the many successful pioneer selectors, has sold out and intends to go with his family to Utah, America, having taken up the Mormon religion, and probably his ingenious son will find opportunities in that country to fully develop his latent talent. 