THE MYSTERIOUS MARRIAGE. UUATTEE XXIY. btbateot. . Tbo amnzomcnt of Michael Kildare on finding himself confronted ? at the door of Yew Cottago by the youDg Lord O'lTeil,'whom he had believed to be in Antrim, became absolutely over powering.- He looked at him , with staring eyop, actually.' peeping "for breath. The young lord,eyed him strangely'and sternly. ? . 'Ah, this is au'unexpected pleasure, my lord,'said the Dublin lawyer, at length, forcing a eickly smilo. 'Are you out,;likp myself, on an errand of charity ? or have you an old acquaint ance .with this good woman—the indi gent sister, by_thp way, of my faithful housekeeper? ' : 'I am here on no errand of charity 10 a 'poor woman,' Mr Kildare,' said Lbrd O'Neil, his fair face kindling, his .voice.ringing stonily through the little dim hall. ' I caino here to rescue'the Lady Nora Kildaro from a loathsome and terrible imprisonment- ' ..? The lawyer's face turned livid. He turned a startled, terrified glance at Mrs Fogarty, for the moment fancy ing that all his plans had miscarried, and that thn Lady Nora had boen rescued from his snares by her lover. ' Her ladyship has been rescued !' cried Mrs b'ogarty, in tears and tremb ling. ? 'Oh, Mr Kildare, I woe not to blame ! My son Tim stole the key of thu Ludy Nora's room, and carried her off, and by this and by that I know that they have fled to England! Oh, wirr'a ! wirra!' '.' ' ' , Despite the revelation of biscruelty to his ward contained in this wild plaint, the lawyer experienced a keen KOllBO of relief in- the certainty' that Tim Fogarty and the Lady Nora had gone away together. By thie time, he thought, the young girl must bo dead, and buried beneath the Channel waves. Nothiug tnoro wax to be dreaded from her. Hi* relief found oxpreseion in his countenance. Lord O'Neil was keenly observant, and not a change iu Kil'lare'sfeaturese?cnped hi?scrutiny. Mo noticed that loolt of relief, unit do cided iu his own mind thatKildnre had bepn no stranger to the plan of Nora's escape with Fogarty, and that lie waa at heart rejoiced at it. ? ' He planued it himself,' thought his lordship. V .-"'".' 'And this is the way in which" you servo mo, Mrs Fogarty P' said Micnaol Kildare. This is your boasted faith fulness to me and mine!' Then, turning abruptly to Lord. O'Neil, the lawyer, with less apparent' excitement, said— 'My lord, no doubt this surprises, you! I do not know in what way you learned that my ward was at thu houao, but I sh?ll not deny the fact that sbo has boen here. And, I think I can justify my course towards her iu any court of law to-day; I nm a bachelor with little experience of women; Nora is proud,'defiant, head xtrong. She forgets that eke is no longer tho Lady of Kildare, and defies my authority, declines my advice,' and threatens to leavo my house, alone and penniless, to make her own way in tho world. To all my pleadinge dhe turned n deaf ear, and at last, in pity tn her, and to save her future Buffering, I brought her to Yew Cottage, intending to keep her hero until she should have grown sub missive. Thero is not a father nor guardian iu the land who will not approve my course, should it be made known! Heaven knows it has cost mo anguish enough to seem stern to poor Nora' You know how I love her, my lord, and you know how she has always clung to me. Who would havo thought that adversity would have spoiled her sunny temper, up rooted her clinging affection for her truest friend, and made her suspicious, distrustful, and disobedient p I am glad ehe has gone to Sir Bussel. It relieves mo of a fearful responsibility. I shall write to Sir liussel by the i-arliest poet. , 'Nora has not gone to him,' said Lord O'Neil, abruptly. ' I came'here latit night, after Nora's flight. I went afterwards' to Black Bock anil to KiugHtown in search cf her; she ? lid not go to-day 011 the packet- boat, mil I have discovered, to uiy natisfac m?ii, that ehe left Blnck ;Bock lam iiitjht in a eloop with Fogarty. She ohould have arrived at Liverpool, with thie winn, at- noon to-day.-- But 611 'elegraphing to Sir Kusnel Ryan, I learned thin evening that she had not yet been hvnrd from. Slio would have telegraphed, of course, on landing, to her chief gunidiiui. Tho inference in, ?hii has not landed in England.' ' ? Aβ he innde. this .aiinouuceineiit. Lord P'Neilwatclied Kildare closely. Fiioro wae guilt expressed in the lawyer's sudden xturt,. iu the quick cliniit,'u of colour ui'liia'Hinootn, ruund. cheeks, in .tho Mudde'iV quiver of liiu lips and drooping of bie ; eyeB. 'You havo iillo.wed hut a short time for the voyage, my lord," ho faltered. ' ..'You think J<ol Why should I' allow' more, when I ; believe she is not 011 her way to JSncland .at all ? I know you, Michael Kildare—--hypocrite and lalse-doer ! -I have-eeen the cell in which .poor Lady. Nora, bas been cdil?iied without light br'air ! I have -oen the cruet lelt of her prison fare! You are plnueiblo, and gentle, and honest, in seeming, put no blacker heart beats to-day: oh all the earth than yours, Micliael Ki)ddro. : I helievo you 'capable of-any thinij v ox t-ept murdor..: I have a clud to' Nora's, present hiiliug-plnce, and I am' going to find her.V'. .~,;^ 1 ?-^' -!""~" , —' Without. with an impetuous mbvemcut, passed tho amazed and stnpofieil lawyer, dashed out upon tho lawn, found liin horfto under the vcwb, mounted, and hurried into the road, on his way tn Dublin. . ; . . On arriving there he "wrote a note ? to?.Alloon. Mohan, at.-..Black-'Bt-dk, enjoining her-to return to her father, at Point Kildare, as eoon ae possible, and made arrangements to bare the horse he had ridden returned to Uβ owner. He then took his seat ma atago coach.on hie way to Dundalk. On reaching that town the question arose as to how be should next proceed. Hβ decided to continue his search on horseback: ~'.?? Tho idea occurred to him that he might have been imposed .upon by Mrs Fogarty, whose son might have taken the Lady Nora to the south of Ireland, to Scotland, or ,to some lonely island off the coast, where help could never como to her. The thought was like a. knife thrust. He spurred on his.horse, trying to forget his new and'terrible'?fears in' tho swiftness of his progress. Just as night was fall ing. Lord O'Neil rode up to a humble 'wooden cabin, and made his inquiries in a dispirited Voice; but here, for the first time, encouragdment came to him. ' " ~,- ..-.>.?. 'Iβ it the Fogarty'e yo*re wanting P an old woman, in a huge frilled cap aud short gown, asked him. 'The Fogartys livo a mile beyaut, on Stony Point, but it is. not a nice place for your honour to be going to after dark. , ? ' The young lord laughed in his relief and joy. ' I'm not afraid, mother, though thank you all the same for your friendly" warning. And there's a trifle to fill your pipe,' he added, tossing her half-a-crowti.. ' The old womau muttered a benedic tion ou him as he rode, swiftly .away. The reraaiuing inile was quickly traversed. : The light wae gleaming from the'sinall window of, tho long stone cabin oE the Fogartys as the traveller drew near. Aβ he did so, he took occasion to examine the pistol with which ho had' provided himself in Dublin. . He thou dismounted, and hurried on foot, and., approached the cabin. Some instiuct assured him that she nras near him, and his eyes glowed and his cheeks burned With the longing to free her, and clasp .her in his.arms. ' . ? . . ?: ? .....-?'.... . ' She is here! she is here!' he said to himself 'I know that she is here ! But which is her' window ? In what room is she imprisoned ?' , . - : An idea came to the young lord suddenly. If the sons were away on a fishing excursion, might they not be expected home at any moment P. The thought was suggestive of a plan of action, liaising his voice, Lord O'Neil' shouted; in husky tones— ?????? ?? ,' Ahoy,there!. Cabin; ahoy !' *: u Aud tbeh ( ;"as qjick ; 'as the" words wero uttered, he crept back over the rocks of the point, crossed some. nets, that tvero-spread' out to dry, and crouched near the cabin,' behind a pile of sea-weo'd.. '?;?'" ..,' ; ? '.."' ? Aβ he had calculated, his boaree challenge bad been hea*d by the iu iiiatosof the cabir, and been mistaken-, for thecal! of the (ialier sous on their return from their cruise. ."'?? , . ..'"' Lord O'Neil had scarcely ensconced himself behind the sea-weed, when the cabin door flew open, and old Bough Fogarty came" rushing out upon the rocks, hatlefls and barefooted and all excitement. -The cabin door was left open behind him, and tho young lord could see the old woman sitting in the glow of the sea-weed fire. ? ""\ ' . ' '"77" ' . . ? 'Ahoy, tlier6l'sbouted old Rough, running out to the, eud of the point, and straining his eyes through the gloom. .'Ahoy,, it is ! Iβ it th'ore'yo are.'Mikoaiid Tom ?.' He waited a moment; but, of course no answer came. . , . . ?! 'Sure, ye'll go on the rocke, if this is the way ye keep on!' cried old Hough, fairly dancing on the slippery rock, i'i his anxiety and excitement. ' Old woman, bring out, the lantern! The epack is. going to pieces—don't ye hear her? Oh, the spalpeens! Mike and Tom, spake, will ye? Av,ye die I don't cure, av this ie the way ye art, yo tnulherin' craturee 1 Oh, bad luck! The lantern, A. n—the laiithern.!' The old woman sprang up, and lighted a great horn lantern,,.with which she ran out to the assistance of her huaband.' . ; ..--.-.? 'Bad luck the day V cried Old Rouijh, seizing the lantern rudely, ami waving it above his head. 'The smack is goiug down!. Don't ye hear her, grating on the rocks? It's enough tn muke a man curse his grandmother— oh, bad luck till it! Mike! Tom ! Av yo don't answer, ye'll be. sorry.'the ?lay !..'Av'ye're dying, say bo ! Av ye'ro drow ned, say so 1 Do ye's hear Mikt' and Tom !' Whilo'ho aud the old: woman wen awaiting for'aoniH rei<|>pi!se to'thie ad ju rut ion, Lord O'Neil quietly rose up Iron) hit) concealment, glided to the cabin, entored it, and closed the door- Then ho looked around him. in the theHea-.vded lire, and called, aofrly.— '"..' '',:., ," 'Nora! Nora!'. .? . .???:. CHAVTEH X3CX.' . ? OLD HOtTOII MEETS inSIMAdTEB.. Thore camo 'no .answer to Lord O'Neil's-low cry"—no'answer, although ho> called on Nora's name yet more loudly. ' Not bore !'? ho. whispered to him self, his fair, bronzed face paling; 'not hero! Ib all' lost, after all ? My poor Nora !*.' 110\. glanced around the room swiftly and keenly", and "then his eyes fell upon " the wooden bar of tho inner | door—the .door of tho youhgjXady Nora's prison, into'. which slio bad bi-oti thrust.'on the prece'ding" day. AVitb "one wild bound "hejjained the barred door,'and beat upon it with his hands. .Then" he cried out," iu a. passionate voioo, ;lear hr a bugle-call, and rich and deep— ' ' Nora, Nora, darling, are you here P' Thero was a moment of breathless suspense, then a swift' rush was'heard within the little'room ; a low, paH?i<>n atoj eager cry. eoumlud.on "tbo otber side of the door, and Nora answered, in her high, sweet voice, broken now, and panting— ? ? Larry!' It's not Larry P \- In the wild joy and excitement of that moment, the young Lord O'Neil, forgot his prudence and the proximity of tho young girl's enemies. ??.'AVith a joyful exclamation he wrenched the- wooden bar that guarded tho door from its eockets, and pulled the door open. And then a slight girlish figuro come fluttering out into the firelit room—a figure with floating ing. dusky hair, and a white, eager face, lit up hy a pair of dusky, passionate oyes. Aud this flow to his arms as to a rightful home. ? Nora ! Nora!' cried O'Noil his soul in his voice. . ? The girl .anewered with hysterical ? laughter and tears. ' Oh. .Larry, I'vo been longing for you to come to mo,' she uaid, her voico quivering. 'You don't know whatl've suffered since I loft Point Kildaro! Take me away, please! .Where are the Fogurty's ?' ? ..-. - - . His lordship started as they were recalled to his mind. ; ,. - ?-? . : ; 'They are out oh the rocks, looking for tho .wreck of their smack. , he said, smiling. ,' But how pale and thin you . are,. Nora,. mavourueen ! You have beeu starved and ill-treated, it's easy to see: but that's all over 1 We'll be going now! , ? ?, ' . He put his arm around her slender waist, and drew her towards the door. : ='.'? ? ??? ? ?' ... ' One moment, , said Nora. '.Wait ono moment,. Larry !' ?????? ? , She broko from: his clasp, and. .ran into .the innor room, returning imino diitely . with i her hat and cloak, on. Then she put her arm in hi?, signifying her readines? for . departure. Too late! They had not'taken a step .towards the. threshold whon the door was burst, open, and old -Foijarty and his wife, bringing : with ? them the wreck of the broken lantern, which had fallen on tho. rocks, rushed- into the room. ?? ; - :? . : ' ??-.!. The; .other lantern!" cried; old Bough. ' Av the hallo was Bine wine, we must look for the b'yes J. -Ay it wero ,the cry of seme inuthe'rin' ghost, we ought to know it! Oh, be gorra! What'e this?" ?????:;.: His tlances had rested upon the young pair. In his terror and aston ishment he leaped back eoyeral paces' uttering a shrill yell. This:yell was echoed by Mrs Fogarty, who followed her retreating spouse with 'euch im petus as to knock the remnant of the lantern from'his hand. ( - : ?.-;?:. \ \- . 'A—a ghost!" ejaculated old Bough. 'A spalpeeaof a man, who wants to rob uauf our.five : pounds a week,' cried Mrs Fogarty, more sensible than 1 her husband.' off. Bough!!? 'Way with,ye, yo miserable thafe!'. > 'You are not very choice; ill: your terms' of address, madam,'. observed Lord O'Neil, coolly ; ' but I am .will-; ing to overlook your discourtesy iu consideration of. your, excitoment. I am hero to toke away, this lady,- and I'll give you just ono minute to got away from that door, so that we can pass out. D'ye mind that now ?' ho added. ??..?.- '?.--?? .-...?? Mrs Fogarty understood now, but' ? by the sullen, angry look upon her face one might judge eho was no better pleased than before;: .. ' ? Old Hough had by this time ro-' covered from his temporary paralysis ; he closed the door, bracing his broad back against it, demanding, surlily—; ' Who are yo now ?? And what are ye wttntin , ?' .. " ? : ??? ??? < ,! ? ; ,:fl have no objection to tell you who I am,' returned tho intruder, his bold blue eyes looking from ono to the othor.of the grotesque couple, 'I am Lord O'Neil, of County Antrim !': ?Wild Larry of the Glen?" asked I JTogarfcy.r ~:-;?' .'.;? !?:; \'.' ? ?: .; 'Tha same ; and what I'm wanting' is this young lady, Nora Kildaro,, _uiy_ .promised „ wife. I've traced her here, and I shall take her hence with me." ], ???'? ''?-'?' '?"''= ; ' Not while I'm to the fore,' said , Fogurty. _ , % ; 'Sit"down.n minute, darling,' said Lord O'Neil, in a low voice;'' I must give this old fellow a lesson. . Have I no fears. , . : ? j His confident, smile reassured Lady Nora. She .sot down oh'a bench near ,the fire. . "'.. . . . ' ..?- ~i, '. \ .._ : ?:- ' Come on,', cried Fogarty..and with a yell and a roar, he hurled bimself iigaiiiHt the young lord. ": '? '?? The Lady scarcely keep back the cry of fear'that trembled on" her lips; yet even in thit moment |.iih'H could not- resist .the! thrill of nd-- niiriition as her,, lover's bright ami ilauiitleso face, and lithe, active figuro flashed again and again ncrosH hej visiiin. He did not look like one to hit easily boa ten. He looked miller, in his bold, spirited attitudes, like one burn to bo a conqueror in overything 'mi undertakes—like one who knows 'no such word as fail !' ? Presently.a vigorous hnnd-to-haiid conflict cominenced. The white, firm hands of Wild Larry pummelled h>? adversary with crushing force. The old. man reeled, and stumbled to the flcor,.where ho lay. for a moment ha'f Htupefied. . ;" ? ? ?- ? ' Now you know why they call me Wild Larry,' ehid the. young lord. ' Perhaps now, , ; he added, as the hurly ; Fogarty staggered to bis feet, , 'you might like to look at this ?' ?? . He drew out.hie pistol—the one he had purchased in' Dublin-—and turned ? it bvoKcarelesely .'in his hnnde. Old. Bough and" hfsVife uttered .e.xcldina tions oE—terror. ~ Xika-- many who : ..pride tliemeelves on pKySical prowess, 'they ' had. an "_ oxpggerated horror of ''...:~ ?' '- . ' ' :: ?: ': \- -Old ! Fosarty; blindod' and- dujzy,- Btacirpred to a.orat" ? '.'' ? '?' Put' up yer ' l'o>*-ling-|)ieee. ;iny lord,' h('i i>ll id.' huml>lv enough: ' For tho first time in! my life I've found my bptter. Av yelivert in County, Down, I'd move out of it. I have \ uothiog more to uey.' ~. "? - 4 f 7 ? I presume' not, , observed tho young lord, smiling coolly. 'And now we will leave you to search for Mike and Toin, whom you eeem to have temporarily forgotten.' ? Wild Lariy-took up a email parcel of the Lady Nora's effects, gave tho young girl bis arm, and led her to the door. He oponod it, and thoy passed out together into the lonely, dreary night, with its dun, heavy ehowors,. its chill autumn wind, and the roaring murmur of tho sad waves. The lovers did not apeak tiutil thoy had crossed the garden patch and gaiuod tho high road boyond. Then Lord O'Neil gathered tho young Rirl to his heart, and she whispered, softly, as his kissos'fell upon her perfumed hair— - ? ? 'This moment pays mo for all! Tho future-looks dark to ine, Larry, but'this moment has brightness euougb to gild all its gloom !' ? ?.-?.? There'll..be no more trouble for you, darling,' cried the young.lord, in his passionate joy. 'No one shall ever again dare to harm you. Aβ old Fogarty says, 'I'm to tho fore!' I shall never.lose sight of you again !' ?????' (To Sβ continued.) 