of SUPPLY. THE LANDS ESTIMATES. "APPOINTMENT OF THE COMMISSION. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the House in Committee of Supply resumed discussion on the Estimates, On the Item Land Commission, £1550," Mr. M'DONALD said the great exception taken to the commission was that the members received at the rate of £30 a week for ten weeks' work, in addition to travelling expenses. It was not right that such a large sum should be paid. The salary was greater than that of a Minister of the Crown, though the positions were without responSibility. The appointments were looked upon outside as in the nature of bribes, and it was an unfortunate position to allow any Government to be placed in. Mr. KIDSTON said the Committee had to consider whether there was any justification for incurring the expenditure at all. Last year the House were told that no Land Commission would be appointed, and they, were entitled to ask what had since happened to induce the Government to alter, their mind ? No valid reason, or pretence of one, had yet been submitted to the House. Two things happened between the close of the session and the appointment of the commission which might have had a great deal to do with it. In the first place, the Ministry filled up a vacant portfolio, and thus left a number of disappointed members. In the second place, the Premier having received an invitation to go to England, it might have been felt that the Ministry's control over the House would be like to be lessened. Those might be the reasons for the appointment of that can so'ation commission. If those were the reasons, the Committee should not vote the money. They were told, however, that though Parliament had not sanctioned the vote, the money had been already paid, and they were powerless. He protested against being put in that position. He had nothing to say against the members of the commission, but that did not alter his opinion of the Government on the matter. Even granting that the commission was desirable, the amount asked for was altogether out of proportion to the work done. He, believed the commissioners did the "work they had to do to the best of their ability ; but the exaeDse was far too great. He considered it his duty to oppose the payment of such a sum of money for doing such work. If only as a protest against the peculiar action of the Home Secretary, he thought the House- should not agree to the payment of the money. If no one else would do so he would move that the amount be reduced by one- half. Mr. STEWART said so far as they were aware, the only person who knew anything about the matter was the Premier. He thought the Premier might as well assume the position of Dictator at once. He thought they would not be doing their duty if they let the item go through without question. They were the Opposition, and they wished to have some information on the subject. < Sir HUGH NELSON ; When did you become the Opposition, and who is your leader ? ,.-?.% Mr. STEWART said they were in Opposi- tion, and they had a right to be told why, the money had been spent They were told; last session that it was not necessary to have this commission, and they wanted to know why the Government had changed its mind between the end of December and the beginning of March. Mr. KERR criticised the action of the Government in appointing the commission. If the Premier could give no other explana- tion of the matter they would be forced to believe that it was simply a consolation, commission for the benefit of those who had been disappointed at not getting the vacant portfolio as Minister for Agriculture. Mr. TURLEY said there was no doubt that in view of the fact that the Premier expected to be absent from the colony for some time, it was recognised that something must be done to propitiate certain dis- affected members on the Government sides Several names had been mentioned as candidates for the position as Minister for Agriculture, and when the appointment was made some measure of consolation had to be offered to the disappointed ones. This appeared to be the only reasonable explana- tion of the appointment of the commission. He was prepared to support a reduction of the amount simply as a protest against the action of the Government, He could call it nothing else than a job. Mr. BOLES said, though he had not been! very high opinions of the value of royal commissions, he had thought that in the important matter of land settlement it would be, advisable to have a commission. It never struck him, however, that the commission could do their work properly in such a short space of time. He believed twelve months would be required to properly do their work. It was utterly impossible to deal with the matter In a couple of months, and he thought that the recent commission was only a very nice picnic party. He very much doubted if the report was worth the expense, and the Minister had shown his opinion of its value by ignoring the recommendations In his bill. No member would say that the commission would bring about better administration of the Lands Department. He did not believe the members of the commission had earned the amount paid to them, and he thought they ought to be satisfied with their salaries as members of the House and their expenses. He believed the members were all fairly well qualified , but they never had the time to do their work properly, and they knew it. Mr. GLASSEY asked had the Minister no defence to offer to the criticisms of that afternoon The silence manifested by the Government and their supporters provoked the other side of the House to keep the debate going until some answer was received. The total cost of the commission was about £2400, and he would not allow the people's money to be so squan- dered without a protest. To test the feeling of the House, he would move a re- ' duction. He found no fault with the ability and integrity of the members of the commission, but he believed that the appointment was a partial, one-sided appointment. The members would have been well paid at 1200 for the chairman and £150 each for the other members. He proposed a reduction of £800 on the vote. Mr. FOXTON thought that it was certainly through no want of courtesy that no response had been made to the somewhat conflicting speeches of members. One member had knocked out the arguments of another member with the greatest ease, and without the slightest reluctance. One member saw no good in the commission, while another said it was an admirable' appointment He would point out that he spoke on the matter, giving the views of the Government, last week. The criticism he had referred to then as silenced by the commission was that which would have taken the form of saying, if no commission had been appointed, that members would have known much more about the land and would have been able to better criticise the bill if there had been a commission. He knew, no commission could it come to any other conclusion on the facts which were fairly well-known to himself, and his department, and that was the only objection he had had to the appointment ;' but some members thought it was necessary and a great many of those who perhaps were silent on that occasion would have been very demonstrative, in the absence of a commission, In their statements as to what the country would have known' if the Royal Commission had been appointed. The appointment had Justified to a very large extent not only the ad ministration of the Lands Department, but also the views he had taken In preparing the Land Bill of 1896. He had obtained much valuable Information from that commission, though certainly it exactly coincided with that which he had been able to glean in his journeyings through the country. Mr. Boles spoke of twelve months being required for a proper in vestigation. What would that have cost li As to its being a consolation commission, when Mr. Turley pointed to the fact that there were gentlemen appointed who were thought by a certain section of the community, however small, as eligible for the portfolio of Agriculture, he completely justified the appointments made. They could well understand that when it came to a question of deciding who were eligible for appointment on a commission of that sort some difficulty would be experienced In making the appointments. Mr. JACKSON -Why did your more the Labour party? ï' Mr. FOXTON asked It he was to understand from that interjection that. If the commission had been appointed from among the members of the Labour party there would have been no criticism of the commission ? Did the Labour party desire consolation The interjection made by the hon. member gave the whole thing away. As to any explanation regarding the commission, he could only refer them to what he had said on previous occasions. Concerning the personnel of the commis- tion he could only say that it was probable that no matter who had been appointed it would still have been possible to get better men. Mr. KIDSTON said the Minister was asked what was the reason the Government had changed their mind with regard to the commission. The Minister had failed to give any such reason, and had, in fact, not attempted to do so. Mr. FOXTON : I gave the reason last week. Mr. KIDSTON said he ventured to assert that the hon. gentleman had not given any such reason. He did not believe that the Minister for Lands had any hand in the matter. He believed that the Minister for Lands had simply acquiesced in the action of his chief, the Premier. Until they had a satisfactory explanation he thought they should refuse to sanction the expenditure. Mr. CROSS said if the Land Commission had done their work throughout in the ship Bhod way they did it at Clermont it was certainly not worth the money they were being paid for it. The members of the commission arrived at Clermont early in the morning, and left again before noon. Mr. DUNSFORD took exception to the system of appointing such a commission and paying such an amount. Did the Government mean to go on appointing whom they pleased and when they pleased ? He contended that the evidence taken by the I Land Commission had not been availed of to any extent in the Land Bill, and this being so he thought the work of the commission was not- north the amount it had just. Ho thov&h;* no man In the House was worth 10 guineas a day and refreshments for doing that sort of work. They wanted to know what were the intentions of the Government in the future. Would they appoint a Rabbit Commission, a Tick Commission, a Fruit Fly Commission, and others which had been whispered about, and pay the members 10 guineas a day ? Mr. JACKSON considered that Royal Com- missions should not be of a partisan charac tPr. His was of opinion that there should have been a representative of the Labour party on the Land -Commission, if it was considered necessary to have a commission. He was willing to admit that the Land Commission had done good work. He would support the reduction of the vote (because he believed it to have been a partisan commission. Mr. M'DONALD said they had been getting away from the main issue. What they wanted was to know why the Government had appointed the commission. Mr. STEPHENS said he did not withdraw one word of what he had said before. He did not wish to detain the Committee any longer, but he thought they should have an assurance that there would be no commissions appointed In the future under such discreditable circumstances. Mr. BATTERSBY said he would not vote for the amendment, though he thought the members of the commission had been paid too much for their services. He hoped that in the future the Government would not spend money so extravagantly, especially when it was considered that the members of the commission were receiving £300 a year as members of Parliament. Mr. KIDSTON said that In replying to the charge of bribery and corruption made by Mr. Stephens, the Acting Premier said that it would have been very much better for Mr. Stephens to have waited till the 4th instant, when an opportunity would have been given on the Estimates, and the man who recommended the commission would have come forward and stated plainly all the circumstances which operated In his mind In connection with the commis- sion! The man who recommended the commission was now in the Chamber, but he had been careful not to say a word in justi- fication of his conduct. There was only one explanation, and that was that there was no justification to offer, and that the commission was, so far as the Premier was concerned, nothing more or less than an (attempt at bribery and corruption. Mr. CRIBB said the Minister for Lands had well replied to members on the other side. He was not a believer in royal commissions ; but there were some members who were, and he knew that some of the members on the other side were hoping for seats on the Lands Commission. Members had not found fault with the appointment of some members on the Mines Commission. If the Government were guilty of the charge of bribery and corruption, SO were the members who accepted the ap \ pointments. The position taken up was illogical. Mr. M'DONALD said the charge of bribery and corruption had not come from his side of the House. Mr. Kidston had only quoted the speech of Mr. Stephens. They were led by Sir Horace Tozer to believe that the whole matter was the work of the head of the Government. Sir HUGH NELSON : I will take it all. Mr. M'DONALD said the position now was that a charge of bribery and corrup- tion was fastened on the head of the Government by one of his own supporters. Mr. KEOGH denied that objection was taken to the commission because members on his side had not received appointments. He was opposed to royal commissions.' Mr. M'DONNELL said he was surprised that the Premier had offered no explanation. When Mr. Stephens made the charge against the Government it was believed that fourteen other members on that side of the House would support him. Mr. DALRYMPLE rose to a point of order, on the ground that the matter had been dealt with before. The CHAIRMAN said Mr. M'Donnell would not be in order in referring to the fourteen supporters of the Government. Surely they would answer for themselves. Mr. M'Donnell was a young member, and he would point out to him that the rule was that when there was an amendment before the Committee, the speaker should confine his remarks strictly to that Sir HUGH NELSON : Being a young member, Mr. Chairman, I think we ought to give him every license. Mr. M'DONNELL said no Government would sit quiet under such a charge Some explanation should be given by the Premier. Mr. FOXTON : What about the vote of the "House ? Mr. M'DONNELL said the appointment was looked upon as a consolation commission. The country had been looking for the Premier's return in order that he might give some explanation. Mr. Foxton told several members that he was practically dialling the bill without taking notice of the report of the commission. Mr. FOXTON said he did not remember saying so Mr. M'DONNELL contracted the fees paid to members of the Shop and Factories Commission with those paid to the Land Commission, looking at the two, he could only consider the fees paid to the latter as exorbitant. Mr. CRIBB said the House had clearly affirmed that "the charge of bribery and corruption made against the Government was unfounded. That was carried by a large majority. Mr. KERR said were twenty members walked outside the bar, as the member who made the charges in the debate prior to the charges being dealt with declined to make any reply to the Acting Premier. The Minister for Lands was in a very peculiar position through the action of the Premier. The Minister knew that he had been opposed to the commission, but he had an references in the action of the Premier In appointing the committee. Mr. FOXTON produced documentary evidence to prove the inaccuracy of charges made by Mr. Kerr against Mr. Commissioner Morrisby past week. Mr. KERR reiterated his statement that Mr. Morrisby only took action after pressure had been brought to bear on him. Mr. HARDACRE said they were certainly entitled to an explanation as to why the Government had appointed the commission over the head of the Minister for Lands. Before a commission was appointed it should be asked for by the head of the department most interested, and if no demand came from that quarter it was prima facie evidence that the commission was appointed for some other reason. The House and the country had a right to complain about the appointment of the commission, among other reasons, because it ignored a large party on his side of the House, a party who had been the chief instru- ment in compelling -the introduction of a new Land Bill. Surely they ought to have been recognised on that commission. The members of that party had come closely into contact with the grievances of the people, and the . recommendations of the commission had suffered through members of that party not being represented. The commission reported that there was no general dissatisfaction with the land laws. Mr. MURRAY : That is what the evidence proved. Mr. HARDACRE said that was precisely what he was complaining of. The evidence taken was not sufficient He believed the commission had done their best according to their lights, and he was not saying that, because the members thereof accepted the appointments, they were parties to the " new diplomacy." . Mr. GRIMES said if the commission had been challenged on the Address in reply some good might have been done in reducing charges, but now no good could result. No two members had taken the same grounds in their objection to the vote. He did not believe in commissions at all, but he had his say, and would not join in the unnecessary protest against the payment of the money, seeing that the money had been already paid. Sir HUGH NELSON : Let them go on. Mr. DUNSFORD said what was wanted was for the Premier to come on and give some explanation of the appointment of the commission. The Premier had some other intention in appointing the commission than that of getting a report from that commission. Mr. BATTERSBY suggested that to save trouble in the future, every member of the House should be appointed on commissions. No one would then complain. Mr. STEWART said the refusal of the Premier to reply was undignified. The only inference to be drawn from his silence was that he was not able to defend the disbursement of the money. Had Sir Hugh Nelson been informed that one of his own supporters had, In his absence, asserted that the appointment of the commission was a clumsy attempt at corruption ? He would like to ask the Premier- (Sir Hugh Nelson at this point left the Assembly.) The hon. gentleman had left the Chamber, but, as he could not address the Premier, he would address the seat he (the Premier) had lately sat upon. He might just as well address the one as the other. (Laughter.) He would like to know what was the reason the Government had changed its opinions regarding the necessity for a Land Commission. He thought they had a right to expect an explanation from the Premier, and he was prepared to remain in the House all night until the Premier condescended to give an answer to their question. Mr. KIDSTON was speaking, when Mr. DUNSFORD called attention to the state of the House. The CHAIRMAN pointed out that In "May," page 221, it was set out that the Speaker had declined to count the House when he had recently satisfied himself regarding the presence of a quorum, nor would he count the House after the question had been put from the chair, as the division would prove the number of members present. He (Mr. Annear) declined to count the House while the present question was before it. His decision was up- held by the present Speaker on the 7th December. Mr. DUNSFORD moved, "That the rul- ing be disagreed to." It the ruling was adopted it would give the Chairman despotic power in the conduct of business. Mr. HAMILTON defended the ruling. Mr. HARDACRE said the Chairman had no right to go behind the Standing Orders of the, House relative to quorum. The Chairman's ruling was upheld, on division, 30 votes to 15. Mr. McDONALD said he would go further than the mover of the amendment, and reduce the remuneration still more. He thought two Euineoe a day and expenses would be ample. That was the customary amount paid to commissioners. The Government declined to give any explanation of their action, and he could only infer that they were afraid to do so. Mr. STEWART spoke at length on the street Sir HORACE TOZER said that the matter took place when he was Acting Premier, and he was prepared to take full responsibility for what took place during that time. Mr. KIDSTON : You did not appoint the commission. Sir HORACE TOZER said that when the matter came on in the Address in reply nobody could have raised a protest with more force than the Leader of the Labour party and several members of that party. They must have forgotten a great deal they said three or four months ago. They then made a most formal protest against the action of the Government. He felt it his duty to reply on that protest being made. He gave an explanation fully, and after a debate, lasting about ten days, the Address in reply was passed. Another occasion was given by a motion made by himself. Hav- ing made a protest now, he thought the matter could fairly end. The action of the Government had received the approval of the Chamber, and the Land Commission, having finished their work, were entitled to be paid. The fact that the chairman, who operated to a large extent in bringing up the report, was chosen from the other side should be sufficient to. satisfy the House as to the composition of the commission. The Government took full responsibility in the matter. Members had entered their protest, and as no practical result could come (for when the Address in verily was carried the members of the commission, having done their work, had to be paid there was no occasion to further discuss the matter. He held that the payments made were lower than on other commissions. When members on the other side would form themselves into the Opposition they would be able to ask the privilege of sitting on commissions, but while only members of the Labour party they might be appointed, but if not should not grumble. Mr. GLASSEY asked did the Home Secretary think that £300 for thirty days' work was not too much ? Did he attempt to justify that expenditure ? What other commission had received such a sum ? Sir HORACE TOZER; The Sugar Commission. Mr. GLASSEY : How long did that last ? Mr. GROOM The same time. Mr. GLASSEY said then they had received, too much. The Home Secretary said the Premier was responsible for the appointment, and that gentleman should give some explanation. He did not call in question the ability of the members of that commission, but he considered that the work performed was not worth the money. Mr. KIDSTON again criticised the appointment of the commission and the re- muneration paid to its members. Mr. HAMILTON pointed out that the Home Secretary had given the reasons which induced the Government to appoint the commission. Mr. DALRYMPLE said there was quite enough Ignorance In the House without any of the Labour members affecting ignorance. Over and over again the Labour members had been told why a Land Commission was appointed, and the reasons given were quite sufficient to satisfy any person who was not openly biased. He thought the reply that the work done by the commission was a sufficient justification of its appointment was a very reasonble one. Some members had pointed out that some gentlemen who had been mentioned as suitable for the position of Minister for Agriculture had afterwards been appointed members of the Land Commission. He had yet to learn that because a man was fitted for the position of Minister for Agriculture he was not fitted for appointment as a member of a Land Commission. It appeared evident that members. desired to erect a stonewall though they could effect no saving by so doing. Mr. TURLEY said the discussion had not been started to effect economy, but because the House had been promised that the Pre- ' mier would give them an explanation of the appointments on his return. On the request being made, however, the Premier treated it with absolute contempt He believed that the reason for the commission was that the Government found it necessary to secure the support of certain members. Mr. DALRYMPLE said members were not entitled to take advantage of what the Home Secretary had stated, to the effect that the Premier would give them more information, as members had refused to accept that promise, and pressed the matter to a division. Seeing that that had been done, and that repeated explanations had been given, the Premier was justified in consulting his own dignity by refusing to answer puerile questions. If no commission had been appointed, members would have refused to take the opinion of the Minister and his department on the Land Bill. The Minister was right, therefore, in desiring to get information outside his official circle. The absence of complaint against the administration, so far as the evidence given before the commission was concerned, was negative proof of the excellence of the administration, and their work had been most valuable, as now the allega- tion that some information could be obtained outside the Lands Office could now be dismissed. Mr KIDSTON said the whole blame for the protracted debate rested on the Premier, who had so discourteously refrained from answering the questions put to him. A division was being taken on the amendment, when Mr. M'DONNELL called attention to the fact that Messrs. Groom, Armstrong, Chataway, and Murray, having been members of the commission, were interested parties, and should not be per mitted to vote. The CHAIRMAN said he would follow the same practice as he had done on previous similar occasions. ' He would ask any member of the House who was pecuniarily interested in the matter before the Committee to stand up. As no one stood up, the CHAIRMAN said he would proceed with the division. The amendment was negatived on the following division : For the Amendment, 18. Messrs; Glassey, Keogh, M'Donnell, Sim, Hardacre, Duns ford, Stewart, Dibley, King, Turley, Stephens, Boles, Cross, Fitzgerald, M'Donald, Kerr, Kidston, and Jackson's Against the Amendment, 31. Sir Hugh Nelson, Sir Horace Tozer, Messrs. Dickson, Foxton, Dalrymple, Philp, Story, Stumm, Castling, O'Connell, Hamilton, Chataway, Fraser, Stodart, Lord, Smyth, Corfield, Battersby, M'Gahan, Bartholomew, Groom, Petrie, Armstrong, Finney, Murray, Cribb, W. Thorn, Thomas, Newell, Stephenson, and Collins. Mr. M'DONNELL moved that the vote of the member for Drayton and Toowoomba Mr. Groom) be disallowed. That was the course which had been followed on a previous occasion, the circumstances being similar. A ruling had been given by the Chairman on two different occasions In support of his contention that members could not vote for a motion in which they were interested. The motion was negatived, 31 voting against it and 15 for it, Neither Mr. Groom nor Mr. Dawson recorded a vote on this occasion. Mr. M'DONALD moved that the votes of Messrs. Armstrong, Murray, and Chataway be disallowed. Mr. HAMILTON said the gentlemen mentioned were purely disinterested in the matter, as they had already been paid. In the same way half the House might be challenged, and if the members so challenged walked outside the House the votes might be disallowed. Mr. M'DONALD said he had no intention of taking any advantage of that sort, and would withdraw his motion if allowed. Government members objected. On a division being taken, the motion was negatived by 29 votes to 14. The item was agreed to on the voices. On the item-" Land Board, £1050," Mr. BATTERSBY said he had heard that in one of the cases decided by the Supreme Court against the Lands Department the costs of the selector were to be repudiated. He referred to the case of Kollman. Mr. FOXTON said that unless costs were ordered, he saw no reason why the Crown should pay them. He would point out that the cases were new trials on new evidence, and not appeals. "If on the case before the Land Board, the same evidence was given as had been given before the Judge, he believed the board would have given another decision. It was the fault of the parties concerned that that evidence was not given. Mr. BATTERSBY understood that the costs were not allowed simply because no direct order had been given, and that an appeal would now have to be made to the Full Court. The item was agreed to. On the item-" Division of runs, £2430," Mr. M'DONALD asked if it was intended to throw open at an early date resumed portions of Manfred Downs, Eddington, Tar- brax, and Considine runs ? Mr. FOXTON said instructions had been given to take steps to survey those runs, but the drought had prevented that being done, according to the official report ; but as soon as ever the work could be gone on with it would be. Mr. McDONALD said he did not know whether it was true or not, but it was said that, owing to the drought, the squatters wanted to retain the resumed portions for grazing purposes. Mr. FOXTON said that in the case of Manfred Downs It was now reported that the work of survey could be gone on with. The item was agreed to. On the item-" Land commissioners and land agents, £8280," Mr. FOXTON said there was an increase, in the vote, owing to the appointment of new commissioners, whl<>h he did not think would be objected to judging by previous debates. He could do with more commissioners. Mr. BATTERSBY did not think that the land commissioner and land agent at Ipswich had enough to do. Mr. FOXTON said there was more work for the land commissioner at Ipswich than there was in Brisbane. The work of Ipswich and Brisbane could not be done by one man at the present time. \--Mr. FITZGERALD suggested the appointment of a land agent either at Aramac or Muttaburra, as there was a considerable amount of work to be done in that district. Selectors now had to-go from those places to Longreach, In many cases at great inconvenience. Mr. FOXTON said in the present state of business he did not think it would be justifiable to appoint a permanent land agent at either Aramac or Muttaburra. Land courts might be held at one or other of those places if the local officer thought it advisable. . Mr. H ARD ACRE said some time ago he had asked that a land agency be established at Emerald. He had not heard that this had been done. Mr. FOXTON said he had decided to establish a land agent at Emerald and transfer the greater part of the land court work from Springsure to Emerald. Mr. GLASSEY said that there were some officers in the department who were fitted for the position of land commissioners, and who had been overlooked. Mr. FOXTON said a land commissioner should be a surveyor, If possible, and a man of large experience. Men qualified for office work were not necessarily qualified to be land commissioners. The increase from £1200 to £2400 for allowances to acting land agents, travelling and incidental expenses, was due in part to the appointment of the extra commissioners, and to " travelling expenses, land commissioners," £790, being now put under that vote, together with the fact that the vote was £200 short last year. In reply to Mr. Stewart, he stated that it was hoped an appointment would be made in the course of a few days in the room of the late Mr. Warren, at Rockhampton. He thought the circumstances disclosed (at the magisterial inquiry into the circumstances surrounding that gentleman's death were such as to warrant a further Inquiry, which would be of a departmental character. The item was agreed to. On the item-" Bailiffs and rangers of Crown lands, £4789," Mr. STORY said that before appointments under that head were made the Minister should inquire If there were local men competent to do the work. Such men would be in a better position to do the work, having local knowledge, than many men sent up. from Brisbane, Mr. FOXTON said the Crown lands rangers were under the Public Service Act into which men could only act as probationers or by a certificate from the Public Service Board, which could not be obtained, unless there was no capable man under the board to fill the position. Mr. KERR questioned the qualifications of some Crown lands rangers who had been appointed. The item was agreed to. On the item-" Opening of roads, £1270," Mr. FOXTON, replying to Mr. Lord, said that the vote was drawn upon to open roads to facilitate land settlement. Mr. LORD said that the Government should assist, the divisional boards In paying for the cost of surveys In opening roads where it could be shown to have been due to the neglect of the Government that no surveys had been made. Mr. FOXTON said the vote was to give access to land about to be thrown open. Mr. ARMSTRONG thought the expenditure in connection with the opening of roads could be reduced if the work were carried out in conjunction with the Surveyor-General's Department. Mr. FOXTON said the Roads Department was one of the most economically worked branches of the land administration, and no reduction could well be effected without lessening the effectiveness of the department. The item was agreed to. Item-" Pastoral Occupation, £1035," agreed to. Item-" Survey of Land, £21,680," Mr. FOXTON said an increase had been made on last year's estimates by the appointment of an additional second-class surveyor at £320, and the consequent increase in wages paid to chainmen and surveyors' labourers. There was also a slight Increase under the head of con- tingencies. Mr. CASTLING said selectors should not be charged survey fees on land which had been previously surveyed and charged for. Mr. BATTERSBY disagreed with the contention of Mr. Castling. He failed to see any hardship to the second men. Mr. FOXTON said the question was a very vexed one, and one there was no help for. No man was now asked to pay twice over. Mr. STEWART asked for an explanation why R. H. Lawson, who had been chief draftsman in the Surveyor-General's office, had been appointed chief clerk In the Police Department. The one office seemed to demand ability entirely distinct from that required in the other. Mr. FOXTON said that Mr. Lawson, after being retrenched from the Surveyor General's office, had been in the Home Secretary's office, and then in the Real Property Office. He had not been in the Lands Department for some time. Mr. STEWART said he was sure there were men in the police service who were better able to fill the position than a man from the Survey Office. The item was carried. Item-" £200, Trigonometrical survey. The item was agreed to. Item-" £5655, Miscellaneous," Mr. FOXTON said there was a very large decrease in the item, due principally to the fact that what was known as endowment for wire netting had been reduced from £50,000 to £4000. He had thought when framing the Estimates that £4000 would be sufficient, but he was inclined to think now that something more would be required. Increases had been given to the two inspectors, who were very hard worked and who had a very rough time of it. Mr. GLASSEY : Why not appoint another or two ? Mr. FOXTON said that might be necessary next year. The item was agreed to. Item-"£4343, agriculture," Sir HORACE TOZER briefly explained the various changes, the principal ones being the appointment of Mr Brunnich as chemist to the department, and an editor to the " Agricultural Journal." Mr. GLASSEY hoped the Minister would not try the patience of members too much. At such an hour there was no chance of decent criticism, and as far as he was able, he would prevent them going through. Sir HORACE TOZER The leader of the House conducts the business. Mr. GLASSEY : Well, if we understand that, there is not a ghost of a chance of you getting an item- through until daylight. Why, even the Under Secretary is not here. Mr. BOLES agreed that they ought to go on. Mr. HAMILTON did not know why Mr. Glassey should desire to shirk work. Sir HORACE TOZER referred to the fact that although they met at 3 o'clock, they did not do any business until 10 p.m. Mr. M'DONALD : That was all due to the pigheadedness of the Premier. Sir HORACE TOZER : That is what hon. gentlemen say. (Left sitting-.) 