Queen Elizabeth's GJiost. Aliened to Have ni en .v<-u at Windsor Castle A BKJfAnKABLK story ÍH puolished in tho Daily\3[aii ot 9th February, to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, :ird Battalion Grenadier Guard», IIIIH Moen Queen Elizabeth's ghost in the library at Windsor Ouatlo. Tho following statement waa made by the Lieu- tenant's mother, the Hon. Mis. Curr Glyn, to tho Mitti investigator :-" It is porfeotly true that my son luis witnessed something abnormal. Ho wu, he tolls me, sitting in tho library of Windsor Gustie reading u book-' Tho History of Dorsetshire,' to bo oxaat. As ho read,' he beoame uwaro of someone passing in tho inuor library.. He looked up and saw a femalu figure iu black, .with black lace on the head, fulling on to the shoulders. The figure passed «cross the library towards a uorner which w&sout; of view tis ray son sat, nod ho did not Uko muoh notioo, thinking it wns somebody reading in tho inner room. This wits just 4 in the aftoruoon, und an at- tendant soon aft or warris omne up to oloso the place. My son nsked who the Indy was who was at work in tho inner room, aud the attenduut replied that no one else was in tho library. My sou assured tho attendant that a lady had just before walked aa ross t he inuer room. ' Then whoro could she be ?' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in tho innor room. rShe must have gone out of a door in tho conir-r," said my son, indicating n corner to which tho figure had passed, ' But there is no door,' said the attenduut My sou said nothing about this incident, and did not think muoh about, it. 1 understand, until Mr. Holmes, tho Jibruriun, asked him about it, tho attendant having mentioned the mutter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to describo the figure he hud aeon, 'my sou did sn, and Mr. Holmes replied thur ray san hud seen tho apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added thora were records that this appari- tion haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was thc first man in our time who had soon it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about, it, and several mein hers of the Royal family have interviewed him on the subject. ' As for Mt. Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spout nights nnd days in the library since', in the hopes of being vouohsafod a visitation." The Hon. Sydney Carr 'Glyn, tho famous Cri- mean veteran, and father of Liefen ant Glyn here entered ¿he room, and upon hearing the lopio under discussion, said .:-!' If my son says he has ¿eau unything.fyoumaytukoit from us that ho has seen it. 'He. is à freshi honest English boy, ou ly a subaltern, but fond of field -ports, like moat guards- men, and, unlike sumo guardsmen, foud of reading. Ho would'nt exaggerate anything n hair's breadth." Both the Hon. and Mrs. Carr Glyn gnvo per- mission for the publication of this statement by their .1,111, subjeot to tho suuotiun of Lieutenant Glyn. On tiuuduy night a telegram was dispatched to Lieu; *'''téûant"Glynï"rBolioitin(i.-leàye Htp Cgive '- tho . itory oii his authority, and yestordriy~moíñing oamo the BUB wer :" Certainly, if you like.-Glyn, Grenadiers, Islay." The roprenontntives of tho Daily Mail next auw Mr. R. R. Homles, F.S.A., tho librarian of tho Cnstle, and writes : Mr. Holmes oouduoted me to tho niano ot the alleged apparition. He pointed out tho chair occupied by Mr. Glyn, which stands on the east side of tho first room, and I seated mvsilf in it. Immediately before me was alargo globe, looking past which n few stops led np int.i a irullprv tho side's of which ato lined with books. On. the south side "of tlie gallery-which was built by Qui'en i;lizabeth,,'n'nd usod by her us a picture gallery, iu whioh she was uoou&tomed; to.walk, and where she devised, or .reflected upon, those master-piooos of atatoorhft'whioh have made hor reputation what it is-Btnnds a fino ohimnoy-pioco ovo r.whioh a bust of the" Virgin Queou " looks down somewhat^ . severely upon the spot where her shade has been so* recently soon; : Mr.i Holmes says that this gallery has hud ibo reputation of being haunted by tho ghost of Queen Elizabeth,from timeout of memory. His own recollection of tho story dates from 27 years «go, «nd.ho hus been iu tho habit of spending Hul- lo wo'on in tho gallery for several yours in tho hops nf encountering hor deceased Mujosty. Ho hud beard sumo rumour to tho effect that tho'Kinpross Frederick had, when a ohild, seen. an uppuritiou in tho gallery, .and on her visiting Windsor noxt woek li epos to scour o some corroboration or doniitl of tho rumour. Tho hurdle-rimer Irish Slaw i» owned by n Qneonshinrior. He refused un offer of C.'KIO for him ufter his wiu nt Rosohlll, mid reeent oven tn provo he neted wisely. ' Tho ship Zuleika, boiuiil from Dunedin to Wellington, went ashore nt Cupit Pullis»r durini> a lieiivy j;a!o. After1 several hours the vessel, lurched, into the sen and all hunda were thrown int" the water, and 12 pinsons drowned. Thu ru Hounder fliicoeoilud in reaching land . tiftiir a terrible sinigylu., , Suvotul bodies werewashed »»hore. ' ^ ..,. , ^ , 