THE MERCURY. BOBABT; THURSDAY, JULY SO, 1837. . «-: EPITOME OF NEWS. Masonic Grand Lodge mooting this evening at7.30. Strauss Orchestra give a concert at the Town-hall on Sunday next. A. O. Honland fined £50, and costs £24, at Launceston yesterday for importing a bull to Flinders Island without first quarantin- ing the animal. Sergeant Thorne promoted to be Sub Inspector New Norfolk Municipal Polico vice Sub-Inspector Clifford, deceased. Lads ¡desiring to join the Southern Tas- manian Cadet Corps can enrol their names at Mr. A. J. Jackson's in Murray-stroot. Silver, 2s. 2gd. London wool sales closed ; 41,000 bales held over. A second death has resulted from the boat- ing disaster at Sale, occurring on Tuesday. Melbourne Hospital accounts show a dobit balance of £15,220. Australian mail contract approved of by the House of Commons. Africander natives in Damaraland have revolted. German military force attempting to quell disturbance has been defeated. Bill to restrict continuous payments to federal delegates bas been wrecked in South Australian Legislative Assembly. Fire on board s.s. Gulf of Martaban has boon quite extinguished, but much of cargo completely spoilt. Fighting reported in Ohitral. British camp attacked. English officer killed. Four others wounded. The proposed offices in the city for Vic- torian London Agency will cost at least £2,000 per annum. Mr. Ji C. Williamson has obtained an injunction against the playing of the oporas Olivette and Mikado in New South Wales. Inoculating rabbits with chicken cbolera is proving a successful means of destruction in Queensland. Canadian Dominion Government imposing heavy royalty on gold output from newly discovered Yulon mines. New Zealand Customs Department has obtained £450 from an As-yrian found guilty of nefarious trade practices. In Victorian Legislative Assembly Mr. Higgins' motion for proportional repre- sentation under Commonwealth Bill has been negatived. Complaint made in House of Commons that New Zealand Seamens Act compels British shipowners to pay local wages to their crews while in New Zealand waters. Building of four new battleships as additions to British Navy will bo commenced during enrrent year. Aise a new Royal yacht and some river craft. United States Government have made claim on British Government for a large amount, as expenses incurred >n extradition of Butler. New South Wales Rifle Association has withdrawn from the Federal Council Rifle Association, deeming the latter an ineffective and practically non-axistent body. London and Westminster Bank may probably surrender contract with Victoria for stock inscription on payment of £80 000. Ultimate substantial savings would bo thus oifectod. Mr. Sinclair, Victorian produce expert, in giving evidonce before Produce Marks Com- mittee, House of Commons, objectod to the term "foreign" being nppliod to Australian products, and refuted the Wingfield-Dlgby slander that Australian meat ia cancerous. IK the House of Assembly yesterday, Further petitions woro presented for and against the use of the name of the Deity in the draft Federal Constitution. Several notices were given, and recent Ordert-ln-Council under the Superannuation Act were tabled. The Tbisasdbrb promised to table papers in respect to the Agent-General's office and fruitgrowers, in anticipation of . dUcustlon D Um subject. Tho d«bato on tho motion-That, in ac- cordance with section 26 of tho Ailstlalamsn Föderation Enabling Act (Tasmania), this House do now resolve itself into a coramitteo of the whole House to consider tho Common- wealth Bill as drafted by tho Convention »ittlng ot Adelaido in tho months of March and April lafct, and to suggoKt amendments to tho said bil',n»aH then resumed, the speakers being OnpfMn Evans, Messrs Gilmokk, Mumuy, ¿hd M. J. Ci.AiiKB, and tho Attounki-GrnfuaL (Hon A. I. Clark), who gave lus impression» on tho work of tho Ade- laide Convention for tho first time, and was listened tomth profound attention during tho short hour he held the floor On the motion of Mr Bkadlbv the debate was then again adjourned. ¿Tho fiouso ladjournod at 9.25 until 4 o'clock next day. We have before us a report of the ¡speech of Count Matsoukata, the I Treasurer of Japan, made on moving a resolution in the Japanese Assemblyfor the adoption of a gold standard. The 'speech occupies over two columns of a French paper, and it summarises the result of the labours of a Commissiou which took evidence and debated twenty- two months befoie bringing up its report. That report was absolutely in favour of the adoption of a gold standard at once, in place of what was called a bimetal system, but which was in practice a silver system. Tlie report aud the speech re- ferred to are a remarkable comment on the nonsense that has been talked so long about the yellow mau and his white money, and the white man and his yellow money, a cant phrase based not on any proved facts, but on the imagination of a number of persons who appeared to have laid themselves out to be deceived. The statement was made many hundreds of times, and is being made still, that the Japanese, owing to their silver standard, were driving British goods out of all the markets, were making I an enormous artificial profit, and were actually threatening to monopolise a great portion of the trade of the ' world. Indeed, the pictures drawn by that eminent gobe-mouche, Mr, Stead, and those innocents whom he sent so far abroad, were enough to al&rm; even the most prudent, if they had' not borne upon their very faces the evidence of their own I falsity. The yellow man, we were told, " with his white money," was going to eat us all up, like the giant who proposed to grind Jack's bones to make his bread, and we heard much of the tremendous advantage the Japanese had over the European, all because he used " white money." The simplicity of the believers was wonderful, for nothing could be plainer than that if the Japanese were willing to take silver at its old value, there was a large fortune to be made in taking a cargo of it and buying Japanese goods. But, the Japanese were not so simple as all this ; they, like the Chinese, took silver at its market value, and not at some imaginary one in the minds of certain illogical persons. The Japanese Treasurer has explained at some length, and he probably knows as much about the subject as Mr. Stead, that the Bil ver standard was not a benefit, but a serious drawback to Japanese trade, and he declared that if they wanted to hold their own they must adopt a gold standard. So far, we have not seen this speech so much as mentioned in the journals that used to be so glib about " white money," and the wonderful advantages which it gave Japan, and we must regard their discretion as much more marked than their love oftruth. Count Matsoukata points out that all the nations are adopt- ing a gold standard, and it has become necessary that Japan should do the same. He men- tions Austria, Sweden, Norway, Russia, Belgium, Switzerland, and Germany, and shows that if trade is to be carried on in a profitable manner their example must be followed. So far from the prices of commodities in Japan being low, as is generally stated, he points out that they had been since ] 895 very high, a state of affairs which placed Japan at a dis- advantage in her commerce. Now, here we have the very opposite of the case usually stated, for the Treasurer of Japan complains that the country could not compete against the gold countries, whilst some persons in them are insisting that Japan is about to swamp the markets, and destroy all European industries. No doubt, the Eastern worker has an advantage, for he will labour for 3d. a day, but even with this in her favour, Japan has found a silver standard detrimental to her commerce. Count Matsoukata does not seem to be very much in favour of bi- metallism, though he expresses no very decided opinion in regard to it. He is reported to have said :-" What- ever may be its value, bimetallism is, for the time being, only an academical theory, and the question which we have to solve is essentially in the domain of practical things. The gold which we now possess, if we remain inactive, will be quickly absorbed by the other nations, and it will be very difficult to get it back again. All delay on our part will cause trouble in the financial world and damage to ourselves. I hope, therefore, that this monetary question will be examined and promptly settled. Japan has a vital interest in it." These are not the words of a states- man who has any hope that his country will be able "to best" the nations which hare ' a gold standard, but, on the .contrary, tbey show that the want of such a standard involves a serious loss to his own. The curious part of the business is, that Japan has had a bimetal standard in theory, but what is called Gbes iiam's law has been found to be as potent there as it was. in England. The cheap 'money has driven out the dear. Says the Minister, if we keep up our double standard the inevitable result will bo, that our gold - the gold which we got from the Chinese - will vanish, never to re- turn. This is but another example of what always b¡ipp«ns when there is an attempt to put an artificial value on coiuage, for the cheap remains and the dear vanishes. This is what France found out and what caused her to cease the coinage of silver, and yet there are persons, ignorant of finan- cial history, who declare that France flourished under a bimetal system, and only discarded it out of pure cussed ness. Wo refer to this remarkable speech, not to reopen the question of bi- metallism, which hua been discussed until nothing U left to my, but to show, once again, the farce of popular delusions. For years there was a cry about the yellow man and his white money, which went on ascending until the diapason closed in prediction of ruin and disaster. The cry was repeated by a host of persons who kuew uothing of\tlio subject, who never took the trouble to inquire, and was boomed just us Mr. Stead booms ghosts, borderland and anything by which he can create a sensation. There can be no doubt that the things suid have created a belief that all troubles are duo to the currency, a belief which seems likely to produce serious consequences in the United States, where there is a powerful party pledaed to bring about a monetary reform. Wo do not believe that any great good can be done in this way, and shall watch carefully events, but, in the meantime, it is satisfactory that we have the means of pricking the enormous bubble blown about the Asiatic industrial invasion. No doubt, the simple habits of the Asiatics make them marvellously cheap workers, and thus tiley may be formidable competi- tors with the European», but the notion that their " white money " gives them an enormous advantage is a delusion* now cousigned to the general dust-bin. TnE introduction of the name of the Deity into the discussions on the Commonwealth Bill can only be re- garded as most unfortunate. Parlia- ment has always recognised that there are certain subjects which it is botter to settle in private than to thrash out on the floor of the House, and amongst these might surely have been classed the one in which the feelings and prejudices of members as a body are most involved, the subject, too, which, despite its saurcdness, is bound to give rise to moat acrid and heated discussion, simply because those who have any interest at all in it are bound to feel very deeply about it, and to express those feelings, too, when thev come into collision willi thoto opposed to them. That this will be the case is shown by the counter petitions which those in favour of recognition of the Divine name have called forth, the wording of which is at least as dignified and logical, if not as reverential, as those it replies to, and the indication, therefore, is that those who desire the constitu- tion amended in the way the Adelaide Convention declined to do it should refrain from presbing their views, at any rate in public debate, which will be irritating inside the House, and certainly not altogether edifying to those who read the speeches, It may be that au agreement can bo arrived at in something like the fashion in which a speaker is elected or other business done where privacy seems desirable, the existence of the practice being full justification for it being brought into force in this instance if the special character of any matter at all can justify a resort to secret arrangement. Members have quite enough ground for discord without adding the religious one, and a debate of the kind that might surround the attempt to change the preamble of the Federation Bill would probably create enmity that would last the rest of the session, if not a lifetime. The weight which some members give to the virtue of numbers in the proposed Federal Constitution and the Federal Supreme Court is rather strange, considering how little import- ance can really-attach to size in either respect. The source of the contention seems to be, like many other weak- nesses in the suggosted arrangements, the present state of aflnirs in the mother-colony and the insistence of members of the Sydney Legislature that their local institutions shall not be depreciated in the public eyes in the process of fédéralisation. The primary weakness of the contention is naturally mude still more flagrant, because, to follow it toits bitter end the extension of local powers in the hands of the federal bodies should result in a cor- responding development of the magic science of numbers, which would result in assemblies, legislative and judicial, which would be much too cumbersome for anything like useful transaction of public business. Theie is another point, however, for consideration in the fact thut much of the detailed work, much of the less important business, would not be passed on in the event of Federa- tion either 'to the Federal Parliament or the Federal Court of Appeal, but would remain to be dealt with by the local Parliaments or the local Supreme Courts, so that the federal bodies would have the pick of the work, the more serious issues, but nothing like the volume of petty questions and causes which now como before the local insti- tutions for settlement. What, there- fore, is required in the federal bodies is a congregation of wisdom rather than one of numbers, and in'colonies like these, as has been often found in the past, the difliculties of travel are them- selves very tangible obstacles to multi- plying representatives. So far as the Sydney Houses are concerned and their numbers, there is little added wisdom as a matter of consequence from their size. They aro the bad example of Australian legislation, the home of loquacity and the apotheosis of delay, qualities one certainly does not wish to i see perpetuated in the Federal Legisla-, ture of the future. The policy of surrendering everything in order to get Federation is one which seems to be making some way in the Assembly, but we may well doubt whether it is wise, or even admitting of a superficial defence. Wo have already got as far as to agree to give up the financial position of the Council and accept the referendum, and the next step will be, we suppose, the surrender of the equal representation of the States. This is precisely the Btate of mind into which some of the extremists in the larger colonies desire to bring us and the smaller colonies generally, and it may be as well that we reflect whither we are going. It is tolerably certain that the other small colonies will not agree to these concessions and sur- renders, because they will see at a glance that they mean unification, not Federation in any proper sense or the term. It may>. be wise, of course, to make some sacrifices in order to get Federation, if we see that it cannot be obtained without them, but it will be folly indeed to travel far on such a dangerous road. It seems to us that the extreme point has been reached when the right of the Senate to amend Money Bills is given up, and that beyond that concession it is downright folly to go. An attempt is made to defend the_ referendum on the ground that provisions to settle dead-locks are found in two Constitutions, and in two only, but it is forgotten that in some 60 other Constitutions no attempt has beon made to follow these examples. It would be as reasonable to argue that because there is »one House system in Greece and in a South American Republic, we ought to yield to a one House system here, because some of the fiery politicians in Victoria demand it What it is our busi- ness to consider is, how is any proposed deviation from tried systems likely to work, and if we do, this we mayconciude with certainty 'that constitutional government and the referendum, as applied to the settlement of disputes between the two Houses, cannot live together. The one must inevitably kill the other ia societies like these, where, politkisuM only stop wheo it is im possiblp_ to proceed any further. Federation on such terms means the abandonment of our system of govern- ment, mid wo may as well recogniso the fact. Tint NoimiKuN Railway.-According to the Wellington Tima tho railway from Waratah to the West is to bo proceeded with at once. The work of onstruotiou is being arranged for, and a survey party has been sent out to prepare tho way. The oopolu»ion drawn is, that the Ulverstone extension will at once bo made, as it is only nppoBOit by saltish people in the Smith, lhere is, of course, nothing selfish in want ¡og a railway mado wliiuh will bo an annual loss of £8,0ü0 to the oountry. Electoral.-Tho following is the text of the bill to coutlnoe The Electoral Act, I SOU, now before the flouao of Assembly :-" Bo ic enacted by HI> Kxcclloocy the Governor of Tasmania, hy and with the advico and consent of tho Legislativo Council and House of Afsombly, in Parliament assem- bled, as follows :-1. 'This Act may bo cited as The Electoral Act, 1897. ii. The Elec- toral Act, 1806, shall remain and continue in full foroe and operation on and after the date mentioned in the two hundred and twenty-sixth section thereof as that on which its operation shall arase." King's Island Jettv.-The residents of King's Island aro urging the Publie Works Department to ereoc a jetty at Yellow Kock out of the funds derived {rum selections under tho provisions of tho Crown Land» Act, They have suggested certain altera- tions iu the plans ot tue jetty sont to them some timo ago, and tho Minister ¡snow aaly awaiting a statement in black nnd white of the willies of the selectors. This recoived, tenders will bo called for the work at an early date. A Deserving Case.-In response to the appeal Hindu on buhalf of a widow left in destitute oircum'tnnccs at Gordon, wo have received the following amounts ¡-Already acknowledgtd, 10» ; T. W. Jones, 10j,;auit »hull be glad to aukuowlc ige further dona- tion». Citï Police Court.- The Police Migi* rrate (Mr. 11. Sha») and Mr. It. M. John- ston, J.I'., presided at this Court yesterday. Klizubeth Mufj-iott, lioensoo of the Telegraph Hotel, was charged with having on July 7 supplied ona Denis Cain, an intoxioatod person, with liquor,' rondoring herself liable to a penalty of £0 She pleaded not guilty, and «us represented by Mr. D. H. Crisp, Superintendent Pedder (aid on tho S'h of tho prcscut month an inquiry was opened before Mr. Coroner Riddoch touch- ing tho death of a man named John Mahan, which took place on the previous day. A man named Robert Glover was one of the witnesses, and in tho course of his evidence as to what he knew of the circumstances ho stated that Cain waB under tha influence of drink at dinner time, und in the afternoon lie drank ginger-beer, but waa capable of understanding whut he' was doing. Glovor hud also stated that Cain had u dozen drinks before dinoer, and in the afternoon two whiskeys and some beer, and several ginger beers. His (Superintendent Podder's) objeot in bringing this matter forward waa because some public atteution had been drawn to tho statement made that Cain and Mahan had been drinking all day, »nd ho wished tho matter cleared up. Ho was not quite in touch with the evidence given by Glover, for he (Superintendent Poddor) was in the possession of the state of Cain's mind shortly after the deed was committed, and if he was any judge as to whether a person was under theiuüuoDcoof diiuk, then Cain's demeanour was not that of a drunken man's. But it hud been contended by thoeo who seemed to have held a brief for Cain, that at the timo ho (Superintendent Pedder) saw him he had j been sobered by the shocking jdceâ. In looking over the depositions he was surprised I at tho statement made by Glover, because ho j bad nuver given him (Superintendent Pedder) to understand that Cain was under the ii.fluence of drink at che time the dce'd was oommittcd. However, ho would call Glovor, and If ho oould support the statement he made at the inquest on oath, then defendant would be held responsible, but if he could not, then he would have to stand the oonscquoncce. He (Superintendent Pedder) might state that if ever a faroo was perpetrated it wan perpetrated at tbo lato inquont. An inquest was, he took it, for tho purpose of finding out the oauso of death ; but, in this instance, tha jury had gone beyond that. He dared say it was the fault of the law, and ha would like to havo it attended, so that in the futuro the polioe, or any proper authority, could have the power to limit tho inquiry to find- ing out tho aotuai cause of death only, Robert S. Glover deposed that he waa a miner. He remomberod the 7th cf this month, and was then staying at the Tole, graph Hotel. Mullan and Cuin were in the habit of coming to the hotel, and were occa- sional customers. On the 7th inst, saw Cain at 10 a.m. Did not see him get any drink before diuuer. Cain tuft in tho forenoon for the Shipping Office, and returned about half an hour after noon. Ho then appeared to ba under the inlluonre of drink, but was quito rational. Witness supplied him with a small beer when at dinner. Coin went out at>atn, and on returning about half an hour afterwards he had. another small beer. Ho went out again, but returned in throe quarters of au hour, and had a whiskey j I and Boda, That wsb at about 3.45. At 4.15 ho had anothor whiskey and soda. Ho again left the hotel, and returned at about 5 p.m. und had four gingor bears, and subse- quently threo more. Tnat totalled 12 drinks, enough to knock any man over. Mahnn was druuk, and Cain told witness not to give him any more drink. To Mr. Crisp: Tho reason Cain drank tho ginger beer wai, ho said, becauso ho wanted to keep himself straight. That was all the ovidenco. Mr. Crisp said he was not present to muko any legal objcotion to what might be said against Mrs. Marriott. While he thought Superin- tendent Pedder was quite right in olcaring the matter up, still he respectfully sub- i mitted there was no case against her. Tho Police Magistrate said Superintendent Peddor, of course, must well understand that there was not a particle of evidence against defendant. Tho information was accordingly dismissed. Tho Queen's Jubileo is past and gone GUNSLEtt's Baking Powder still sells on. Plain and Fancy Diiess Ball.-Tho matquerado ball held at the Temperance hall hut uight under tho uunpices of tho Shakesptarian Dramatic ¡Society wss well attended, and was in «very way successful, a faot duo mainly to the cnorgy displayed by the promoting oommiiteo, whose liou. secretary (Mi, A. V. Andrews) most actively superintended tho entire arrange- ments. The floor was in good conditiou, and tho music-supplied by Price's orches- tra-wjs in ktcping with the other arrangements, bo that tho prot¡rammo wa) most CDJoyably yono throngh. Tfio cos- tumes of ladies and gentlemen were generally tasteful and protty, among the most striking wero :-Ivy (Miss Kisley), Forget-me-not (Min Mason), Hospital Nurse (Miss Hackett), Red Riding Hood (Miss Reynolds). Queen of the Gipsies (Miss ti. Wpurlioti), Gaiety Girl (Mibb Ethel Spurling), Queen of the Fairies (Miss Ü. Spurling), Stockdriver (Mr. Kennedy), Hardress Cregan (Mr. Burke), D.8.C. (Mr. A. Wilson), Count (Mr, E. Meadowcroft). Mrs, M. ytiurp, who ht s deservedly gained a reputation in Hobart as a competent decorativa artist, was responsible for the adornment of the hall. The platform was covered with pot plants and foliage, prettily illuminated by fairy lamps, and flags were profusely employed for wall decorations. Mrs. Hansou provided and served supper in admirable style. The balcony was orowded with spectators, who took great interest in the proceedings. Dancing was spiritedly sustained tilt the early hours of tbis morning. Lady's prize, Little Red Riding Hood, Miss J. Keynoldi; gent's prize, Hardress Cregan, Mr. Unrke. Cold meat mado simply a treat, flow? By adding to it Wood's Tomato Sauok. St. Johh's Presbyterian Choroii, Mac qüawk-stiíp.kt.-The annual meeting of this Cnuroh was hold in the sohoolroom last evening, tho Rev. W. Craig (Moderator pro,\ tan) in the chair. Tbe various reports of, the Session, Board ef Management, Sabbath sobool, and Christian Endeavour Society were rs»d snd adopted. The receipts for tha past 12 months of the goner«} fund amounted to £324 16s. 3d., and the pay- ments £303 IBs. Id., leaving a oredit balanoe of £21 0s. 2d,; amount to oredit of trust fund, £100. The retiring managers for the paBt year, Mossrs. J. Masterton and P. ii. Henry, were re-elected ; and Messrs. J. Masterton and J. R. johnston were up pointed auditors. After a few concluding remarks by the chairman, and a voto of thanks being passed to tho ladies of the congregation, tho meeting was closed by the singing of tho doxologynnd prayer. Cim.ui.AiNH are painful and annoyin«. Gould's I'khnink is a specific whioli will euro and r reven I chilblains, is. per bottle ; posted, 1«. AU. For Chapped Hands, Lips, otc., Amaniiikk Taiilkts, ii dollfthtful preparation In convenient form, for application to ohappod hand"), Ups, mid cracking of tho Hkln through the cold woalhor. Is. per box i posted. Is. Id. Prepared only by H. T. Govld & Co.. 78, Elizabeth-street, Hobart. ¥. &-Browne & Co., launceston Ameuta. ( x. A. Irvine, Zeehan Agent ,,,.......(-.>.. .j a htimolatino Our.-A small spoonfu of Oaddokv'h Cocoa, with boUlnsi water or milk will make instantly a stisaulattna and.sustain- ing cup of the moat denotaos, dicssttbk and abwlalely port and ostortskiac «Ms» SoPt'LHMENT. - Our Supplement to-day1 contains : - Parliament, Upper Derwent Hoad Trust, Spring liiy Municipal Council, Glenorchy Water Irust, Letters to tho Editor, Tho Gicat Naval Roview, Tho Kaleer'a Grudge Against Grecoc, To tho North Pi.li in a llnlloun, and other matter. Dkatii or a 1 ASMASiAX.-In our obituary column of to-day u announced at Dunedin, New Zealand, tho deith of Mr. ThomsB Edward Priest, youngest son of tho late Mr. Jumos 1'iiest, Uavey-strcct, Hobart, The decoused waa frrmrrly a solicitor on the roll of the Supreme Court of Tasmania, and assistant Town Clerk in connection with the Hobart Oorpuration, Tim Mohelt, Mei'TINo. - Owing lo a printer's error in the leport of Saturday's mooting at Sorell it would appear that the Hon. H. Lamb was not present, whereas ho took an no ti va part in the proceedings. Smoke Conckrt,-The Speedwell Bicycle Club held u smoko concert at the Ship Ho toi last ovoning. Some 50 whoelmen und their frionds «peut a very enjoyable time. Mr. W. G ildltig occupied the chair, and musical items were rendered by Messrs. A, Jaoobs, H«nks, J. Coarns, Speakman, Moor- house, Abbott, Hobeon, and others. Mr. C lieok was tho pianist. During the even- ing tho prizes won at recent road raoee were presented on behalf of the donors, Messrs. Coolny mid Andrews, by Mr. Meek. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought an enj y Udo evening to a close. Masonic -The half-yearly communication of the bruod Lodge «f Tasmania will be held at tho Masonic-hall this evening, at half-past teven. Master Masons areoorriialky iuviled. Limkliijut KxiimiTiON.-Jameson's Raid id now a matter of history, but interest is still felt in its various surroundings. A somewhat unique display is to tako place to* night at tho Temperance-hall, whore photographie views of Jameson's light, takou during ita actual progress, are to be di»pl»yed by Messrs. Lee bn'.hors. The oxh hitioii which Bhould howell worth attend- ing, is to be in aid of the City Mission Funds. IvNTERTAINtlKNT AT St. IMVID ,H SCHOOL room.-A tnoucstful juvenilo entertainment by scholars attending St. Daiid's Behool took place on Tuesday evening, when the cantatu The Flower Queen was given before a crowded «luiuncu under tho management of Misses Parker, and Mies Cutmcar hb hon. soo. The cantata was followed by imisic.il selections and tabloanx. A recitation, " Ourfow must not ring," hy Miss A. Bock, was loudly encored. The entertainment will be ropeated at an early date. Hobart Hunt Clou -Tho hounds will moot an Saturday next at Claremont at 3 o'clock Bhurp. Members are reminded tbnt iu order to compete in the members' cup at tho annual trial of hunters to be held on August 21 next horses of town members must havo hunted throe timer, and thoic of cotiDtry numbers six times during this and last soason. Pigeon Shooting.-At Bothwell on the 24th and 26th last., some shooting matches, under the ablo management of Mr. W. Bowden, Castle Hotel, were successfully got off. A novice matoh was the first item, 22 nominations. Lois Honnor and George Cooper divided first and second prizes, and Mr. Headlam took the third. A three-bird match, 21 nominations, was won by R. Bowden, Mr, Hilmer second, and J. Med- hurst third. The handicap matoh, firBt prize £20, fell to Mr. Tod ; Messrs. Reid und Medhurst divided second and third ; and Mr. Reid took the fourth prize. This match was -concluded on Monday. Several sweeps were contested, Messrs. Hilmer and Honnor being tho principal winners. The weather was all that could be dt sired. Mr. C. Gossago was umpire, and gave satisfaction to all. le urta deuided to hold unother handi- cap match during tho laBt'weekin August. HoimuiLK Famine in China.-A rising of indignant citizens, provoked by famine, against the law, has resulted ia Chinese mandarins in Hupoh slicing alive Tang Rao and four other aristocrats, and cutting off tho heads of (10 of ¡their followers. While Shanghai, and, indeed, China, generally, has boen contributing with great liberality to iho Indian famine, few poople seem aware that there is a famine in China. Yet from Chung King in the west to Ichaog in the east, all through the beautiful Yaugsto gcrgos, a district famed in song and legend, people mo dying of hunger, Kven around Shasl, further east, thi y aro famishing. At Chung King two months ago a hundred people u. day were said to bo dyiug of starvation, and living skuletous were walking about begging in the streote, und bodies lay dead on the river bank. Country peoplo crowded into tho Vale of Wauhnicn to got something to eat. The oonditinns aro more hopeless to- ward Kwoichiwfu and the gorgis. About thrco milos from Kwaifu two little boys wore found out on the mountain Bide getting grass to eat. The toan was full ot people begging rice, but there was no'rico to be bought at any prion, nu 4 nothing to eat at all. Noir y all the people wore taking opium for the purpose cf killing tlicmtelvce. Miny of these people have money, and there is lots of rico, but the drought has driod up the rivers, and tho rico cannot begot to them. Tub Mystery/ of the Thames.-The London authorities huvo beeu . recently mystified over the recovery of 17 bodies taken out of tho lower Thames within three weeks, most of them near London Bridge and Tower Bridge. Ou« taken out cf the river was that of a young woman stylishly dressed in clothing of the best material. Upon the body were found u number of articles of jew ellery, a purse filled with gold and silver pieces and alsu containing a split ring, upon which were several fancy koyB and a number of American coins. Recently another body, that of a beautiful young woman, wus found floating in the river. The I body was unclad, hut upon the arniB were a pair of gold brucolats, and a pair ot hand- ' Borne curings woro fastened in tho e>ri. Several of tue bodiej recovered were those I of mon, and in each caso watohes and sun s of money wore found on thom, lheie valuables indicate that the perEons had not been robbed. Tho police aro unable to ascribe any motive for the drowning, or porhapa other methods of killing these per- sons, und no'ie of tho bodies havo been identified. How can we avoid this heavy pastry ? Why by using Woou's AOS.SKLK-ltAISINO Plouk. " TlIK WHAIUMi OF THK GllEK.V." " Meroutio," in tim JyVio Zealand Herald, writes :-" Some pretty strong comments havo buen made on the conduct of the New Zealand Premier in einging ' The Wearing of the Grcon ' on beard the steamer on bis way home. It has been stated that Her Majesty has it speciil aversion to that song, and that consequently it was unpatriotic ou the part of - gentlemau in the Premier's position to sing it, The following, from a Scotch paper juBt received, puta the matter in a different light:-'A correspondent re- Utes the following anecdote, tor which he claims to havo absolutely unimpeachable [ authority. Very recently a young Irish lady on a visit to Windsor Cutio waB requested by tho Queen to sing an Irish song. She went to the piano and sang " The \Vcoring of tho Oreen." The Queen was greatly charmed by the air, and so ' touched by the pathos of tho words that she hurst into tears. The story was told to mo when in conversation I was lamenting tho circumstances of the Queen's visits to Iroland having been few and far between, "Ah," said my eminent informant, "you little know the depth of the Queen's sympathy with the Irish, and the tenderness of her heart." Ho then mentioned this inoident.'" The Prince and the Raftsmen.-The Prince of Wales has (we learn from the Daily Chronicle) just beeu reminded of an amusing incident which occurred daring bis visit to Cauada 87 years ago. Among the shoals of addresses presented to him,was ono from the lumberers and raftsmen of the Ottowa Valley, whioh concluded with the words " Lol g may you remain the Prince of Wales." And this rather doubtful oooipli ment waa no slip of the pen, for when che foreman of the raftsmen wa« questioned on tho subject, ho declared that the address meant exactly what it said : " We are per- fectly satisfied with the Queen, and want her to remain on the threne as long as she can." In view of the Queen's Jubilee this former raftsmin, Mr, Alan Mason, wrote the other day to the Prince, reminding him of the incident, and reoeived the following reply :-" His Royal Highness pcrfeotly re- members the inoident to which you refer. His Royal Highness creatly appreciates and thanks you for your kind and loyal senti- ments, and he will not fail to make them known to tho Queen." Elephant Buand Cokfer Essence i« both appetising and invigorating. Money í-avkd is Money Gained.- Tho Stock-taking Boot Sale now going on at Pool's Boot Palace, Liverpuoi-btreot, has been » great boon to peoplo wanting a strong pair of boots or shoes for the present seaton. In addition to the largo stock of light boots and shoos on hand J. N. Pool has an oxton sive stock of boots and shoes of his own manufacturo, which ho is soiling bolow wholesale factory prices. J. N, Pool's motto -Small Profit» and Quick Returns. Don't Couon. - Relief can be obtained immediately. Use " KEATINU'Ö COUGH LOZKNQKti "-well-known as the utterly un- rivalled ; Cough Remedy. Strongly, (recom- mended by many eminent physicians. They at once check the oough and remove the cause without any after effect ; the most delicate can therefore take them. One Loaenge alone fdves «ase-ona or two at bedttrs* sosares rast Bold ever/what»»* ttoattjrf.jaob 