A dramatic Incident. She had caught the pink bow on her shoulder in the vizker of the chair, and torn its fastening. • Can 1 help ?' he asked. * Can ycu pin* * ' Perfectly." He was told to fetch her work-basket from the drawir.jr-room, and, on bis return, knelt be said, She folded them resiraedly in her lap, but turned her he*d with saucy distrustfulness to observe his operations. * It should be sewn,' he suggested. ' Can yon sew? 1 * Better than I can pin.' She opened the basket again, and, threading a needle, handed it up to him. ' It will be easier if you stand.' She held out ber hand for assistance, and. as she raised herself, the light cloak slipped back from her fhouldersmfco the chair. He got through it cracsfully enough, without the heavy breathing and squared elbows that men affect when wrestling with a needle; and, if his labor was somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may not have been bo much to blame as he averred. ' What is the wage ? * he inquired, as he cut the thread. ' What do yoa sngg-est V A sudden mad impulse almost moved him to kiss Ler shoulder. Her Sngers had rested there by accident for an iustant, throwing a flash of color, like a shaken flag, over the delicate skin ; but he was wiser than that. He said : ' I will leave you in my debt." Perhaps she read the conflict in bis face—it was to be seen there—and cerentm?. as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audacity in ber eyes: * I only bargain for ready money.' Still unsteady from his own straggle, he returned her ambiguous glance with such interest that partly fiom excitement, and a desire by over-daring to force him into caution, tbe flipped lightly at the needlepoint which he was holding between his teeth, saying : * You shouldn't put pins in your mouth.* He started back suddenly, and then, with a crtup and a flash of terror in his face, threw himself across a chair, head downwards, coughing violently. When he raised himself stiffly she was white as a ghost, and could scarcely command the voice to say : •What was it?' •The needle.' * You didn't swallow it?' He began to recover himself, and to rememuer he must bave looked foolish ; his face was nearly as, pale as hers, but he laughed as he •aid— " I'm afraid it's lost to yon or ever." "Will it kill you?" He thought she was going to faint, she was so deathly white, and for the moment he did not care what happened to her; he felt to bate her, in a selfish sordid cowardly faahion, for what she had done. He said, almost sulkily— •* Isn't there a doctor I could see V She was crying like a pirl, but just steadied her voice to say the ca rriage would be then at the door andthey could drive do tin to the nearest physician's. She only spoke once by the way. She laid her hand on his, and said in heart-broken fashion—"Salt, I am so sorry.'" "It doesn't matter," he replied, not over gently; "what is itT" He hardly knew what he said—he was speculating on the whereabouts of ihe needle. He expected every moment to begin to die, and, in Spite of his words, that did seem a matter of &B; most Importance. • * * • Cheny voices from the street-door gave her a revulsion of joy. 'That'll be all right,' she beard; * wad it and lie low.' A double * Good- night,' the door dammed, Pedely was taking his seat beside her ; he the word for uome, leant back and laughed. 'Seems to be the wholesomest thing in the world; whole meal and butter-milk not in it; can't eat enough; number mines_and new bread, with porridge to folfow. Thimble-cup, I suppose, to wash it down. •The ifequel unfortunately, does not justify the physician's hopeful forecast.—From' Bust of Gold' by Francis Provost. 