Occasional Notes. Cremation. By Callisto. "We live in an age of fads, and the latest craze of all is the proposed erection of a crematorium—a corpse-burning ap paratus in the vicinity of our fair city of Adelaide. At the close of this nine teenth century, burial in the cold, cold ground is too commonplace a thing. The wonder,',is that we have taken such a length of time to see our mistake. But now the cloud of ignorance is about to pass away, for Io!—thanks to the efforts of a few enlightened individuals—we shall soon enjoy, that final triumph of civili zation, which is called cremation. Buti alas ! there is nothing new under the sun; no, not even cremation. Centuries ago it was practised; and the frantic efforts of our faddists have simply for their object the revival of a pagan manner of disposal of the dead. They expect a Christian people to swallow this arrant nonsense, and to set aside their natural feelings for the sake of an absurd hobby, it is really difficult to take some people seriously; however, let us try it for the moment. It may be interesting to look into this ques tion of cremation, especially from a Catholic point of view. HOW PAGANS DISPOSED OF THEIR DEAD. The primeval custom of mankind was to bury the bodies of the dead in the earth, , Jnrom which the Creator had fashioned them. . Robertson tells us that the Peruvians from the earliest tiineshnried and embalmed their princes. Cicero (" De Legibus ") calls the mode of sepul ture employed by Cyras, whichwas earth to-earth burial, a most ancient custom. The Chinese, according to Amyst, have from time ithmemorial buried their dead. In the cburse of time, however, three methods of disposing of the dead came into use: embalment, cremation or incine ration, and burial or inhumation. Em balment was. practised more especially amongst the Egyptians. In their desire to preserve the bodies Of their beloved dead, they went, perhaps, too far ; yet such Re spect for their departed ones shows forth their noble character. ' On the other hand, pagan Rome to a great extent cremated her dead. "However," says Pliny the elder, ''inhumation was always more or less practised. Thus no member of the Cornelia family was ever burned up to the time of Sylla, the Dictator ; and he wished to have his body consumed oh the funeral pile, lest it should be dug up and mutilated by the friends of Marius, whose body lie himself had thus treated. " No doubt, the love of the degenerate Romans for the earthly pleasures prevailed upon them to: destroy as much as possible all trace of death's awful .work. But we-are not concerned with PagtinS. god's people bust theib dead., Earth-to-earth burial is pointed out to ticS'bf"thfe He^feWs,-TBb| jehpiep'hitioW , , ... .v* . , inipyjiun,, apdinimy.tHtesh dastreturatothe eat^hMience it came^ and ; let the spiritistorhtoiHim who gaVe ittf' sHjepuej'the Jewsltoked'Aipob the 'earth ■> *s .4hep*oper;recept4ble of^the '* bodies of fbeir nea«j »ey -scWA- in accordance with" ■ "Abraham buried Sara his wife in a double cbve of the field." Of Isaac we read:—" And his 6ons Esau and Jacob buried them." Touching indeed is that scene which represents the dying Israel calling upon his son Joseph to swear not to bury him in Egypt, but to inter him in the burying place of his ancestors. In like manner the patriarchs and holy men of the old law were after death consigned to-the tomb. " Our law hath also taken care of the decent burial of the dead," says Josephus writing against Apion. For a dead body to remain unbailed was con sidered a disgrace amongst the Jews. The bodies of suicides were for this reason left above ground. Hence, again, in punishment of crime, the Almighty decreed at times that the bodies of wicked men should be deprived of sepulture. Read that terrible threat of God speaking through the lips of Jere mias to cast forth from their tombs the remains of the great, of the priests, of the false prophets who had adored idols. The same people looked upon the burial of the dead as au act of charity, nay, a pious duty, as we learn from the example of Tobias, who, in spite of King Sennacherib's prohibition, "fearing-God more.than the king, carried off the bodieB of them that were slain and hid them in his house, and at midnight buried them." In a word, burial or inhumation was universally held in such esteem by the Jews, and non burial in such dishonor, that Isaiah thus addresses the unburied remains of the proud Babylonian king: —" All the kings of the nations, all of them, lie in glory; everyone in his own sepulchre ; but thou art cast out of thy grave like to an abominable branch; like the raiment of the slain thrust through with a sword, that go down to the stones of the pit, as a carcass that is trodden under feet, thou shalt not be joined with them in burial." CREMATIONISTS VAINLY APPEAL TO SCRIP TURE. There is in Holy Scripture, I believe, only one reference to cremation, properly speaking; and yet our faddiBtB tell us that cremation is scriptural. In I. Kings, xxxi., 12, it is related that Saul and his three sons were cremated by the men of Jabes Galaad. And why ? Simply in order that the dead bodieB of the princes might be saved from the insults of the Philistines. Even then "they took their bones and buried them in the wood of Jabes." It cannot by any means be shown that cremation was in any other case practised by the Jews. Certain passages of Scripture are adduced to sup port the contention that cremation was in favor amongst the Jewish people ; -but they are all wide of the mark. Some merely refer to the burning of perfumes over or near the bodies of deceased princes for the purpose of showing them honor. Other passages are prophetic threats of ven geance upon wicked men. Take, for in stance, the sixth- chapter of the Prophet Amos. We read :—" And if there re main ten men in one : house, they also shall die. And a .man's kinsman shall take him up and shall burn him, that he may carry the bones out of the house." Fat from asserting, the practice of crema tidn -amongst the JeWs^ this- passage shows that 'the burning of dead bodies was a dishonor. Again, the righteous king Josias became the instrument of God's vengeance, and in fulfilment,of a sOltemn prophecy "took' the bpnee out of the, sepulchres and burnt ithepauppn'the alter, aipd defiled it according to the uford cifthe LPtib" The ^)n#.pf :v)tcked men were in thi s case exhiimed afteir bibml and hufhedbycommahdoiPGbda£uTHMk Of disgrace andinpunishment of- crime. What is <more, lh Amos, j ii. l, wefind theburning of theKirigof Edom'sbody pnt dowh as au>'biiiMrdtihable crime. ^f£httiF^thiihe hfosllfM 1djPJeS&f; WcOheert Mfb: BSiaUie he-hhth Mit®thei^nes ollie King of Edotn even to ashes." - " CHRISTIAN'S HAVE ALWAYS BURIED THEIR HEAD. Both civilized man and the savage have always made a distinction between the treatment due after death to human bodies and that accorded to the carcasses of other animals. The corpse of a man is indeed, no ordinary lifeless thing. The dead body of tbebeasthas served its purpose and may be flung aside, but not so the body of man; It has not yet finished its career. It merely Bleeps. It Bhall awake from that slumber. Hence, burial piaceB are known as cemeteries or dormitories, that is to say, sleeping places. Christians firmly believing, in the resurrection to a future life, have therefore, always had the greatest respect for the remains of their cead. Speaking of our earliest forefathers in the faith, Fleury says: " Having washed them (the dead bodies), they em balmed them. . . . . They wrapped them in fine linens and silken stuffs; some times they vested' them in preciouB gar ments, exposed them during three days, watched vigilantly by them, praying con tinually, and then carried them to the tomb. Julian, the apostate, attributes the spread of Christianity to three causeB, one of which is the affectionate burial of the dead. But why say more V Every one knows that the custom of buryiugthe dead has been at all times in vigor through out the length and breadth of the Church. The Catacombs of Rome and of Paris, the cities of the dead that cover the face of the civilized.world bear testimony to the loving care of our forefathers through out all ages for the burial of their depar ted ones. WHY CATHOLICS SO RESPECT THEIR DEAD. The Catholic cemetery is blessed with the utmost solemnity. It is called God's acre, for it is devoted to God's service in an especial manner. It is to receive the dead body of the Christian, and St. Au gustin says that " the bodies of the dead belong to the Providence of God." The dead body is placed in the grave with the prayerB and blessing of the Church, for it is a sacred object in her sight, it was formed from the dust of the earth by tho hand of the Most High. It was sanctified by the waters of Baptism, 6igned in Con firmation with the Chrism of salvation, and in Extreme Unction its five senses were anointed with the blessed oil of the in firm. It was the temple of the Holy Ghost, and by Holy Communion it became the tabernacle of the LiviDg God ; and it is destined to rise again from the tomb to be reunited with the soul which once ani mated it, and live with it throughout the endless ages of eternity. What wonder then that the Catholic Church should treat the bodies of their departed children with every possible respect and honor. And certainly, there is no better mean's of showing them such respect and honor than by giving them earth-to-earth burial, so universally recognised as the most reveren tial way of disposing of the dead. Catholics will not assist- in the destruction of the mortal remains of their relatives and friends. They love to let Nature have'her way, and by her own slow, silent process " reduce dust to du6t." CREMATION CONDEMNED BY THE CHURCH. No one need be surprised that the Church has absolutely condemned the practice of cremation. On the 19th May, 1896, the Sacred Congregation of the In quisition issued a decree forbidding Catho lics to become members of societies having for their object the establishment of cremation, or to give orders to have their own or other persons' bodies cre mated. The decree calls cremation a " detestable abuse," tending to diminish Christian reverence for the dead. More over, the promoters of this "detestable abuse " are called men of wavering faitb, or adherents of the Masonic sect. In fact, cremation is unchristian and infidel. Its advocates in our own English-speaking countries appear to be Christians ; and it is to be regretted that- they have taken up the cry of the infidels of foreign countries, whose object in establishing cremation is not so much to benefit mankind as it is to attack the principles of the Christian religion. An Italian cremationist, Castellazzo, tells us the real object of the agitation. It is to destroy Christianity : "The civil matrimony takes the family away from them (the clergy); the public schools will shortly deprive them of the rising gene ration ; and civil funerals and crematory urns will snatch from them the last vindi cation of death." SOCIAL OBJECTION TO CREMATION. Many a crime may be hidden by crema. tion. It has happened; it may happen again. Earth-to-earth burial on the con trary, renders inspection of human re mains possible for many years after death. Here is a case to the point. Signor Burci, a senator of the Italian Kingdom spoke as follows in 1873, on a proposed sanitary law:—"Cremation, from the juridical point of view, would not be advisable, for it is not always sure as soon as a man dies, that his remains may hot be a necessary or a useful factor for the ends of justice. It often happens that bodies buried for one or more years have been dug up and the traces of a crime detected in them. And here I may be allowed to relate a fact well-known to me. A certain doctor had occasion to speak to a mayor of a town in France, who was at the moment watching the translation of some human bones from one cemetery to another. While speaking to him he noticed a skull which was un earthed. He exclaimed directly, ' Why, that man had a severe blow on the head.' As in France the bodies in cemeteries are all numbered, it was easy to refer to the books and see what cause was assigned for the death of the person in question. The statement was that this person had died of apoplexy. Suspicion thus aroused, further inquiries were instituted, and after the lapBe of ten yeare the murderer was traced, arrested, and convicted by the aid of this circumstantial evidence." Those who have witnessed the cremation of a dead body rarely care to see another. Imagination could not possibly evoke a more horrid sight; writhing limbs, staring eyes, unspeakable contortions, explosions of imprisoned gases, crackling bones, his sing flames. . . . But let the curtain drop over the scene. CREMATIONIST ARGUMENTS. Cremation, we are told, possesses its advantages. . Well, such aii assertion remains to be proved. These advantages, if they exist, are greatly exaggerated. Our faddists assert that cremation ought to be adopted on. hygienic principles. The exhalations hftoebem^teries, say thfey, are injurious to the public health. The human receisnow-6,<)00years;old; and wh^teviljbasitsqffered fo©ui the bpri&lfofithc; dead, which - has beeu practised from the beginning? What evils doesit suffer now ? btiffice it to* Bay that of all the gteat scientists Of the world but few are creinationists. - Again, cfematiouists, in their anxiety to teach thrift to the poor, poinjt to. the heavy expense entailed by the burial of,the dead. Yes 4 it is .true, funerals are expensive; but it remains to be shown that cremation is a .cheaper com modity, Moreover, ask the poor whether they prefer to make a sacrifice and see their deceased friends '■ piously committed to "?tho earth as were their forefathers, or tQ;hand them overto.the <cremationist and receive back a handful of ashes. There is but little doubt as to what the answer will be. a scientist's opinion. I cannot do better. than conclude with a suggestion of a learned scientist. "Why inaugurate the period of crematory experi ments by the burning of human remains (wbicb, when buried, %re interred at such a depth as to cause only hypothetic danger to the living), while the carcasses of thousands of putrefying animals re main unburied or merely, covered by earth P Why not concentrate your hygienic endeavors on .putting the sewers in better order, removing dunghills, legislating for the removal of noxious trades and industries, from : all of which arise pernicious and unhealthy exhala tions? Even granting that insalubrious emanations originate ib our cemeteries, this is nothing in comparison tp the posi tive and acknowledged harm which sewers and unclean premises .cause to the air, to water, and to human habitations." 