CHILDREN'S CORNER. —/VVV\— A New Thing in Ghosts. BY 'WARRA' WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR "THE DAWN." THE steps and verandah of White Lead School were packed with girls, the fence lined two deep with boys, all with eager faces turned to the west. "Where is it ?" "There, on the edge of that clear paddock, near the de[ad?] trees !" All eyes were strained toward a patch of cultivation surrounded by miles of gum-trees, far off among the hills, for this was a distant ghost, not at all of the sociable sort. "I can't see anything. Guess it's only a white cow mooching about." "It rises high as the school, then dies down. A quare cow! " "It walked into the paddock yesterday, stooped, picked up something, and went back among the trees." "It was like a tall woman in white." "I saw it bend over." "Smoke from a burning stump." "Smoke would keep coming, and go up, not die down." "A gorilla." "Gerilla be blowed !" "I wish it would come again, don't you ?" "Yes, high, like it did yesterday." "When did you see it first ?" "Yesterday ; it was never there before." "Whose paddock ?" "Ryan's. Old Ryan died a month ago." "Oh ! there it is, there it is again !" Breathless silence as a tall, shapeless, swaying form rose high as the trees, then slowly dematerialized to a faint, luminous spot on the ground." "There's yer cow !" "What do yer think of yer gerilla ?" "Very like that old white goat over by the tank, eh ?" "Sure it ain't yer gran'mother in her night-gown ?" "I wouldn't go into that paddock for anything. Would you ?" "Hoo-oo, no, I'm sure it's a ghost. " "I wonder what happened in the paddock ? " "Someone was murdered there. Hoo-oo !" "It's just awful. There it is again !" "Don't look, you might get blinded." "I'll go out this evening and see what it is." "Oh, it's miles out there—away in the bush. No- body lives there since old Ryan died." "There's the last bell." The fence was soon clear. Jack Quin from Long Gully was late that morning. What kept him ? "Please, Sir, there's a new saw-mill started near Ryan's paddock !" "Oh, indeed ! That's the ghost—a steam one." "I don't believe it," whispered a girl, when the teacher's back was turned. "Steam wouldn't walk into a paddock, stoop, pick up something, and go back among the trees, as that did.' 