GRANNY’S GHOST, It was in Milltown, lln’s haunted house of which I write, and, ns is usual in such eases, the occupants were ill at ease. It was annoying, to say the least, to hear that ghostly rocking, rocking to ami lro in midnight hours, whou the slightest sound assumed startling proportions. Squire Elkins had bought lhe place at a bargain—or .‘o it seemed ; but if he had known it was haunted he would not have taken it at any price. Not that he wwi nervous or believed in ghosts; but it was “deuwdly uncomfort able,” he said, to'be roused from slumber half a dozen times in a night with (he information that somebody was rocking tho big armchair. ** Well, let ’em rock,” he growled. *' I don’t “ Yes ; but Harvey, whnfc is it r ” “ I don’t kuow and don’t care. Go to sleep, And fa rah tried—perhaps die succeeded; but when that mysteiious rocking began again the rcenn w-is repeated, until in d« speration the squire would go to the large apartment which answered for kitchen and dining-room. It was very comfortable there. A big rocking-c hair occupied the cozy corner between the hearth and the pantry door. Upon a simdl stand were the evening papers ami a lamp. Just opposite was Sarah's low chair, in which she w^s wont to rock ami knit. But why the rucking should continue after the occupants of the chairs were in hed was a matter that puzzled and alarmed her. Duly lately had she heard the sound, but she was sure her ^ars did not The squire did not toll her upon his return from the investigating tours which she forced him to make that th« big chair was swaying back and forth as if recently vacat d. “ .Some natural cause for it ; but I’ll be confounded if I see just what.” he muttered, then unblushingly declared to his wile that not a thing was Stirling, not even a mouse. When she began to talk of ghosts he ridi culed the idea, yet wondered the while why the place was sold so cheaply. To be sure the house was somewhat out of repair but paint and plaster would soon remedy that ; the land was good and well located ; if there should be such a thing as a house being haunted, that would account. 44 But, pshaw ! there are no ghosts,” he mentally exclaimed ; and he dis missed the matter from his mind ami slept the sleep of the just. Not so poor Sarah. When the idea had once possessed h* r mind she could not get rid of it. She began to make cautious inquiries of tho neighbours concerning the former owner and his family. She learned that Sir. Harrn had bceu a widower with several children. A servant girl and his helpless old mother completed tho “ When sho died he sold out and moved away. The bouse doesn’t look the samu with out the old lady. She always sat in that corner and recked. I can just shut my eyes and see her now,” Thus the voluble neighbour chatted on, un mindful of the horrible certainty that took pos session of Mis. Elkins. 4‘ 1 just know it, Harvey. “ The house is actually haunted,” she said to her husband that night, in a terrified whisper. It’s old Granny Harris’s ghost rocking in your big chair. What ever shall we do r” “ Do nothing,” snapped tho Squire, to whom the subject had become an exasperating one. “ The old woman is welcome to reck nil night, just so she don’t dispute my claim to the chair before bedtime.” 44 Oh, Harrey, how can you talk so ? I would not sit in that chair for tho world.” “ The old woman, Harvey I She’s rocking ! I can’t stand it.” “ Confound the old woman—and you, too ! I ever heard of a more peaceable ghost. What would you do with one that wandered around in a winding sheet, with fiery eyes aud sulphurous breath ? ” Poor Sarah cowered beneath the bedclothes while her husband resumed his snoring—a souud much more formidable than tho mysterious rocking. Squire Elkins was not n erm 1 mao, but he knew little about nerve*, and bad not (he least sympathy for bis timid wife. Nothing but bodily danger could alarm him, " HRfVryi eiyn'fc I Rend fvr Oyithia “ Pm really ill,*'paid Sarah ono morning nftcr a night of »lmo.-t incessant rocking. ** Why, or course, if you want to ; but not a ■word about ghosts to her.1* Cynthia was her maiden sister, who lived wilh their brother John, in Newton. She came at “ Well, Sarah, you do look bad, for a fact,” was the sympathetic spinster’s greeting. “ But Ul chirk you up a bit, I brought some sassafras ami camomile and lady’s slipper with me.*’ The day passed pleasantly enough, and at niiie o’clock all was as quiet as usual. Cynthia slept just across the ball from her brother and bis wife. There was only a partition between the bedrooms and the kitchen, though both doors opened into the ball. “S^rah,” called Cynthia, an hour later, “are “ No,” was the rnullkd response from the covert of the bedclothes. “ Is Harvey ?’* “ No,” again. “ What’s hu sitting up for ?” “ It ain’t him, Cynthia.” M Well, who i3 it ?” “ I don’t know.” “ Don't know ? Well, I’m going to know !'* The bedroom door opened and an energetic step was heard in the hall. “ Don’t don't, Cynthia ! Listen to me !’’ came in terrified accents from the opposite Cynthia opened the door os »Sarah whispered “ It’s—it’s a ghost, Cynthia ; but don’t let Harvey know 1 told.” “ Harvey, Harvey !’’ ctied Cynthia. “ (let up and see who’s iu tint JOekuig- elvdr.” “ Lord pr< serve us ! What'll I do with two of ’em ?” groaned the poor squire, as Cynthia retreated to bed and .‘.tull'od the clot t.es iu her ears to shut out the mysleiiou.-' rocking that came and ceased, and came aud cea^d, and came again, all night long. In the morning she heard the story, and understood that no hc:b, however jutent, would “ chirk up ” her sister-in law. Another night,a repetition of th.* first, Cy thia returned to John’s house, taking .Sarah with her. Squirt; Elkins felt giently relieved at first t but when a wt ek had passed he began to long for company, and hailed will; pleasure the night’s sojourn of a passing p ddh-r. To his annoyance the transient guc.-t inquired in the morning the m< lining of the rocking he had heard. The squire explained snd the news tint the Jiariis house wus haunted flew on willing wings. Then the ri al trouble began. He was deluged with inquiries and confronted by the most senseless and bloodcurdling tales imagin able. He denied and exaggerated by turns, and the ball kept rolling. The bouse was avoided r.s if a pestilence lurked there ; team sters whipped up their horses and hurried by. Some even viewed the Squire askance, until in his righteous indignation lie grew so fierce that it was saiil he was going crazy, and that (in addition to the ghost) was why his wife had left him. A few venturesome spirits essayed an investi gation, but each one heard the mysterious Rcumls, and wcut awny to add fresh fuel to tho flames. One even asserted that lie had seen a rhadnwv form, in cap and spectacles, swaying to and fro within the ah air, and heard a moan-* ing as of someone in distress. And nobody questioned the truth of the statement, though not a single hearer would have believed tho man on oath iu a business transaction. The Squiro grew sick of the “infernal non* , sense,” as he termed it, before two weeks had pa^ed, Mid wrote to his wife to return home. When she did not come he went over to Newton to rec about it. lie gave a full history of how his neighbours—“ Ibe confounded idiots 1 ”— were talking, and bid Sarah “pack her duds aud go home to .-hut their mouths.” “Oh, Harvey, sell the place—give it away— anything but take mo back there ?” pleaded Sarah, and Cynthia seconded her entreaty. Squire Elkins stormed and tore, ami swc-rc he would never do it for any gko.it, uortnc foolish whim of a woman. • • “Dees the chair really rock, Uncle Hnryci?” asked his ucice, Kitty h'ikins, when she fO^Ll the rqnire alone. “It does for a fact, Kitty.” “But what makes it go ? ” “Granny Harris, I reckon—I don’t what else. They say she always sat in corner; it’s a very’ comfortable ene; I dln’fc wonder she likes to come hack ; and I’m surd no ono ought to complain if I don’t. We l^cr occupy the chair at the same time.” • “But she’s dead, Uncle Harvey; you surr.ty don’t believe in ghusts ?” “Don’t know. Kit. There’s something mighty queer about it. But I never heard- of a seusibh r ghost. As long as she don't take to wandering around, I’ve not a word to .••ay. She can have iny chair whenever I don't want it. I don’t see how folks can be ro relfish *> “I’ll tell you what we’ll do. Uncle Haney. If Net Baker will go along—and I know she will, she’s always f.i for any fun—we’ll go with you and lay that ghost, so Aunt .Sarah can return to her home again.” The next night twu merry, mischievous girls Were domiciled in the hall bedroom, “How’s the ghost? asked the Squire iu the morning. “I entirely forgot that ‘Granny’ doesn’t introduce herself when she comes, and wc went to sleep and never wokt* up till broad daylight,” admired Kil ty. “We’ll stay awake tonight, Uncle Harvey.” So the next night they turned their -light down and told stories to keep awake tili the ghost should make her presence known. They had not long to wait. Turning up tho. light they hastened to the kitchen. Yes, the chair wes rocking, but nothing further could,they discover, Itwts vacant, fur Kitty sat hi it, to make assurance doubly sure. They withdrew leaving tho light this time. When the nuking was repeated they rusl ed upon the scene with the same result as before. It did look queer — that swaying chair, propelled by unseen forces ; but ueither of the girls was superstitious ;u the “ One thing we’ve learned,” said Kit, “the ghost Ln’t afruid c»f a light. We’ll stay, too, this time.” So they brought a quilt aud pillows, and curled down iu semi-shadow to waleh. A!J was quiet, and Kitty was fast losiug consciousness when a slight noise roused her. Mhe satup and peered anxiously at the rocking-chair. Nothing unusual could she see ; hut just beyond a slight movement caught her keen eu\ She graq>ed Net’s arm and said' in suppre-s* d merriment— “Granny must be comiug. See tbe*e two little black eyes just beyoud the chair?” Iu an iustaut the eyes were followed by a tiny brown head. Then an agile mouse sprang from a hole in the plastered wall to the buck of the chair. Down it ran to the arm, jumped from there to the staud, and very industriously began tearing pieces from a newspaper. When it had till it could carry it hied away home by its previous route. The girls had been eo interested in the little creature’s movements that the truth never dawned upon them until it bad jumped from the swaying rocking chair and disappeared into its hole. “Granny, as I live!” exclaimed Kit* “Hurrah! Uncle Harvey! Uncle Harvey! we’ve spotted the ghost! ” And then they laughed long and loud until the squire appeared. The chair was still rocking from the impe tus tho tiny mou*e had given it, and the mystery was explained. “ I thought the old lady had been making kind of free with my papers lately ; but I hated to mention it, not wanting to seem selfish,” was the Squire’s only comment. Aunt Sarah came homo after the walls had been replastered, and Uncle Harvey gave each, of the girls an elegant gold ring for services rendered. Aud would you believe it ? After the thing came out, not a soul could be found who ever believed there was any ghost—not epu Mrs. Eikius herself. That ring is still among Kit’s choicest treasures, and she is often persuaded to exhibit it to her children’s guests—of which I chanced to be one—while she relates how the Harris ghost was laid. A Prince of Carvers.—A man applied at a certain house where they wanted a ser vant. “Now, my man,” 6aid the mistress, “ are you sure you that you understand your work thoroughly ? Can you serve at table , , , carve a fowl?” “As for carving,” replied the applicant, “ lean do it to perfec tion, for I served two Tears as asriata&t; in the 