The Cobbler of Wigge. v C. AI.LEN CLA.BR.) In the village of Wigge lived a cob bler. There is nothing remarkable in the fact that Wigge, an ordinary »ort of village, wllh the usual oonglomera- i lion, of houses, trees, gardens, dogs, cats, poultry, men, women, and, of course, children, should possess a fol lower of St. Crispin ; but each was the: case,'that we, esteeming veracity as of primary importances, think it advisable to make this point clear before proceed ing further with a narratire in which the cobbler of Vr iggie is » leading character. He said his name was John Jones ; everybody called him John Jones; the urchins spoke of him as'old Jones; the polite clergyman addressed him a« Mr. Jones on Sundays j and sometimes "customers who desired him to malte an extra effort to finish a pair of shoes for some special occasion also euifveiy called him* Mr. *; from which it is quite evidemt that his surname was Jones. Am regards his Christian name we cannot be so certain. He wss not introduced to mundame existence at that spot of earth geographically designated Wigge, and therefore a search through the puiah registers kept in a musty vestry at the ohuroh of that place would not aasist ui in deciding this question. But we think there is a good reason for assuming that his fittt mm® waa John; for when the voters list was nailed to the church door one# a year there always appealed therein the folio wins information, 'Jones Joba, 2, tlunger - lane,.' Whence it U plain that he lirsd, ami had a vote in right of being tenant thereat, in Hunger-lane, and at the bouse which had the number two on its door. ., , . How Jong he had resided there ia another thing in which a deil of doubt predominates. He certainly bal l'*ed there a long while. A few inqurie* put te the older villagers would elicit the statement that be bad dwelt there 20 years at least; seme even said thirty, and one old washerwoman, who was noted for always hugging opinions different from thoie of everybody else, was prepared to affirm on oath that he had abode there 86 years. Having read the abave, It will be almost superfluous to say that the cobbler of Wigge was an old man. He was. There was no mistaking nor dis puting that. Ha bad a pale, wrinkled face, with not a veslige of beard, moustasche. or whi'ker upon it; and in the upper regiot. of his face were two steel blue ayes, which generally sparkled very brightly. His mouth was a very small, drawn, and firm one; and the chin had a tendency to upward cur vature. His hair was grey, and he was of very small stature, though more * inclined to corpulency than attenua tion. Number two, Hunger-lane, was a little eot with two rooms, one above the other. The lower one was usrd for workshop, dining-room, and sitting room ; the upper one being totally set apart for sleeping purposes. The cob bler generally sat before his little win dow from morn till night, doing his beet to keep the pedal apparel of the inhabitants of Wigga in walking ordei. He had always plenty to do ; for in the fireplace he W jb the enly shoemaker within a radius of three milea, and in the second he invariably made a'good job' of whatever was sent to him to repair. He liied quite alone, neither being bleBt-or eursed, if you would rffther with wife or children. Whether he ever had » wife or not was » mystery. He had come and settled in the vil lage quietly and unexpectedly, making friends with nobody, and being very re ticent with neighbours. The woman who lived n»xtdoor-aha was a middle aged, inquisitive body, and a widow with four children - had onsa en deavoured ta fathom the cobbler's his- j tory previous to his advent into W iggo, but she failed miserably. It was one fine spring morning that ehe sauntered to bis door, intending to lure him into lifting the curtain that hid his past, and she said ti him as he busily plied his craft, 'It's a fine day, isn't it, 'Mister' Jones ?' 'I haven't noticed ,' he replied drily, without looking up from his work. 'I just felt lonely by my self,' she went on, 'and thought I'd have a min utes chat with you for a change, so I looked in. Don't you feel lonely by yourself here?' 'I've never thought about it,' he ans wered curtly. Quite undaunted she continued, '1 feel quite lonely since my dear Tom died,'-Tom was, or had been, her hnsband-'and I often with he were back again with me.' ?Perhaps 'lie' doesn't though,' «ai the oubbler malioiuuely, and without raising hie head. This rather tt't led Mrs. Mop ?, fi r that waB ber name, for she had b en a notorious soold, and her, dear Tom had not had a very pleasant life of it on the whole ; but she o>iuld not tell wliii-h way to take the cobbler's remark, forii was rather dubious one, so she let i1 pass unnoticcd ; snd after a few min» utes silence blurted out quite courte ously, 'were 'you' ever married, MUtBr Jones ?' With remarkable frigidity he re sponded, 'I never found that I wanted a wife. Whatever a woman could do for me I o mid always do quite as well for myselF. A.nd I think I have got alorg much better without a wife than ever I should have done with one. It I'd bad a wife sho might'-and he finished up slowly and witn aeutninati'il deliberation-she might lime been a widow now w th four children, I having sought r -lief in an early ijravc !' In greut wye Mrs. Mopp politely walked away, and i ommnnicated the items of her convocation with J jnee te an attentive audience of half a d07.cn brawny matrons, who waxed exeeed ini>ly indignant over the insult offered to their sex in general and to Mr*. Mupp in particular. So angry were they that it is probable the cobbler would have loBt their patronage f.ir ever iu the soleing and heeling line if there had been any other shorwaker at convenient distance, but fori unate ly for John Jones, there was not; and they wore perforoe obliged to send their boot* and sheet to kiin for repairs. After this episode several other of the village women tackled him, but all net with a sharp, satirical receptios, and each left him with a longing for revenge in her agitated b.iaoin, feeling humiliated and despised, as well as repulsed. '! hue it was that John Jenes grew te be known as a woman hater, and, consequently, was regarded with very marked aversion by all the female portion of the papulation of Wigge. This feeling was not in any degree lessened, but on the contrary augmented, by the'fact that the cobbler did all his cooking, house cleaning and washing for himeelf. lie seemed to take a cruel pride in stretching his olothei line across the village street, and thereon displaying the pcrfeotion he had acquired in the art of washing clothes, for even MB greatost e emies had to admit that no woman could do them, better. Hib house, too, was a model of neatneBB And cleanliness ; and by eoine strategy or other a loaf of- bis bake had once been procured and critically diBBected and tusted by a hastily convened committee of th« village matrons, who were chugrined at being compelled to admit in their inner souls that the bread was as eatable as anything they could make from flour, and one or two even felt a twinge of shume as they confessed but ooly two themselves- that it was much better than they generally turned out Late in the aiternom this conference of the women of Wigge dis>olved, having cme to the conclusion that John Jones was a standing reproach to their *ex, but not having discovered any m thol whereby to alter the the oondition of affairs. Several of these women's husbands began to call and chat with the cob bler, and much amused they were by the way he laoherl the women. By and by they gnt to reporting his smart saying* auent the gentle sex to the partners of their sweets and bitters, seeming to tike a delight in thun tor turing ' them. Then matters grew worse. Several of the men whose wive* wera careless and alotenly began to allude to John Jones as a worthy pattern to follow in housewifery sarcastically dreeting them to take a lesBon from the old cobbler, and thus improve themselves consideranly. This the women resented, and John Jones became a bjne of contention, and, to oarry out the eimile, he, like t()e bone that is the object of combat between the dogs, was the only one likely to suffer must in the conflict. He was regarded with great awe by everybody; the men were' mystified with him, and the women shunned him 08 an evil spirit. Still t^iey con tinued to favour him with their pat rontge, an&he; did not mind the.r bate or indifference. This went on for a considerable pBriod, but at length the crisis came, and in this manner: Bill Edge, the village smith, got up one Sunday morning and made the firo; while his wife lay asleep in bed, as was her wont. Alter doing this he had a good wash, and then looked round for the change of apparel he was aioustomrd to every Sabbath morning He f.iund the article he wauted, but io ! it had not been sub mitted to the cleansing powers of stap and water sinoe he had taken it off a a week ag,>. This msde Bill Ed^e mutter to himself in a very strong style, and as he was thus relieving I himself of a deal of superfluous, lan guage, his wife cime downstairs, look ing about bb untidy as a woman can. . You lazy cat!' cried Bill, by way of matin salute, . What's to do now ?1 she drawled. 'Not inuoh,' yelled the irate husband, ' only I've never a clean shirt to put on. What do you do all the we*k, J"" >QI .- ?», - ' Yoa brute!' exclaimed the offend ed wiie,' and that's th« manner you talk to a hard-working womtn like me. This all comes of that John Jones, T know.' And she shook her head sagacious ly. ' John Jones can show you a thing or two, anyhow,' shouted Bill; ' even the shirt I have on has only one but ton to it.' 'And quite enough for a pig like y rejoined she. Her* the discussion waxed hot a«d vulgar, and presently words had n >t sufficient force for the war, whereup n Bill K<igd forg it himself, and thrashed h'B better Imlf nvroilesdy, while *!>. r^talia ed as hest she could, by makina her mark in long, red m-rat -lies on t e face of he lor I and mifti'r. The struggle grew fait a id furious ; two ? .r tliive womi'ii rushed in and r-»one tin* warlike «if« from t'ie belligerent husband, an' bore her away ta a iieiglik.'UishuiiR* in order to crninal" her >in<l vilify hi'r husband, hilf the villuee new kting out to witnss* the lively proceedings. A consultation of matrons was held, nn i a plot ngiinst John J men wn« conceivrd and hitched. Meanwhile the clergyman had restored peace to the t<oubled villain, and. was preaching a cernion on ma'riuony to a group of indifferent lis'cners. Monday afternoon came, ntid the cnbUqr sat working by his window as USUaI^ Ere long a woman camc in with a pair of shoes. Scarcely had she entered when, to the great surprise or Jnhn Jones, half- wlnzsn other woinai followed her into the little shop, 1 tiun ngot them being Mrs. M»pp and the wifu of Bill Edge. The cobbler began to (oil uneasy, and dim, unoom fortiblo suspicions rushed through bis mind. ' What did they want ? ' lie quer cd to hiinaclf. He wan not kept long in suspense. Going strait to busin -us, Mn. Mopp detailed to him the in flui-noe be imd had on their husband's and the otbsr females chimed in witb illustrative testimony. Not content witb being a bachelor, they said-»ot but that any one of tbem wouldn't sooner be hanged than tied to such a brute-not content with simply keep ing himself in a state of single misery, he Jiad ljad the audacity to preach that men could manage housework far bettsr than women, and in proofof this, had boa'jlinjjly sat himself up us an eximple! the result being that tln> young £ Hows of the tillage would not put foot into the state of matrimony, and those who were already in it were regretting and sighing to be over the border and out of it In proof of this, a long catalogue of connubial squabbles wns gone through, and stitfalica of the parish register quoted to alio a I that had not been niarria^o at tht* I church for nearly a year, whrrras t'-ere I used to be at least one a month, Thi« I state of things, they maintajjed, was unnatural, and the cobblsr, th ? caise of it, was a curse to society ; hence, in nrdsr t,t msnd him and alt' r the condition of affa rs, thi*y were I Roing to inflict noitti chiisiisptnent uptn liim oordorallv, aa a mains ,it teaching him to mind his own buxine* and not p-e«une 11 set himself up as a man who cou d ke-p hou-H better Inn anv woman in Wiege. The cobbler of Wij;ge trembled, while | «<Bch of th« women produced fron under her apron a stout lea hern strap ; this article, ordinarily hanging in H I pr iui nent place in their house*, beinir twd for punishing their refractory I ohildren with, but now called inti I reqiiimtion to teach John Jones bow t<» behivo himself with respect t.i females j 1 ^trip yourself to fie w.ist,' and Mrs Edgs, sturnly, 'or we'll do it for ynu.' I Then John J.raei spoke. His voice j faltered, and it was evident he was in greit excitemeafc. ' Spars me that,' he said, . and I'll I leave the Village for ever.' But thev wf*r# firm, and would not vield. They took hotf of hicn and pro I carded faj pull off his rest. ' For God's sake, stay !-hold!' he j oried,' and Til tell you something.' I '? " ?' they asked in curio I «ty I ' I must toll each ons Bapantslv.' he | replied. A hurried consultation was held by the women, and ultimately, their feminine curiosity conquerirg everr other feeling, they agreed that ha o .uld tell each ons separately as he proponed. . Will you go upstairs then ? ' he asked in a weak votes. His face was pals aad had a pained look on it Ths woman assented, ;,9«« down one at a time when I call, be went on,' and thi'n you shall hear what it is X have to say. This arrangement was carried out. 1 he women went upstairs, carao down one by ons, and in the room below John Joaes whispered into each woinan.s ear something that caused ner to start, anc leave the house with a look of great amazement on her countenance. What it was that be hid told them these women, to their credit be it written, nover divulged. And sfter wards, when their husband spoke of John Jones, they ofily emiled; and did not fly into a rage as heretofore, at which the men m*r?elled. But the mystery was well kept, although tbe men wondered much what had cans -d the change in the women's ouioioa of the old cobbler. Two years later, when Jobn Jonee, according to the fashion of all Umau ' 1're up the ghost, the secret eame out, and all was explained The cobbler of Wig?e WM> a ivomm! Who she was and what had induaad her to conceal h r identity was never discovered, although tho looal papers of the disiri.a . romanced ' pretty freely on the subject, and reck oried ti solve the riMIe satisfactorily. But thn name 011 the oohbler's tomb stonp which was erso:ed hy the w irapn of Wlgge - is tbe lUHSciiliiie one that stransje indiiid.ial had always burnu while living among t theai, « Johu I Jones.' A Mis* Mtud Millet, the popul r actreaB, wl:oae marriii'6 took p recently with Captain Tontia t, is t ? daughter of the late Major llugh Millet, who saw military nmoo in India, where his wifo'n dr.itnali ui enti were Kreatly appreciated in amitu r theatricals. At a very earl r age M * .dillet brcdme a member of the Irving Amateur Society ; and at an afternoon reception bad the good fortune 10 «. intio luce l t ) Mr Howtrey, who was tnen arranging the essi (or' l'bn Pri vate Secretary.' ConGding to liie hnKtess the d'Uicilty in Un>Hi>g youue and charming act-eees for the femin ine roles, lie glanced a! Miss .V'illel, saving, 'That is just the girl I want." Oa tlio subject being broached to IUh lady, who was de.-irouH of distinguish* ir.« herself in thin diractuon, the affair was arianged wiili mutual satiffuction, and through a lonn run she played thi part ot E>a Webster. Sinee then she litis plavod iu 'Sweet Lavender,' ''l'liv Two Uone.fi,' an Mary Rlenkarn, in 'The Middlemin/ in 'Sunlight nnd Shndotv,' 'Iho Idler,' 'The ("rusad r 'The Second Mrs Tunquer.iv,' etc. ltahby : f wish tnv liirt' da was nut the :22nd of February. Jock .' ' Why nut ?' Hiibby : . Oh ! everyone tlrnks be 1'iiuse (Jen go Wa^liiiigto i ihVisr to da lie I ought, not to.' 