THOMAS JARVIS INTBRVIEWKD. On Thursday afternoon, our representa tive made his way ti tho humble homo of Mr Thijm-'s Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, rind his face declared him to bo ono of the happiest men in Sydney. He was ? up and about and ablo to answer tho knock at the door. Although pale and still bear ing tho marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, ' it was- very clear that ho was nn invalid on tho rapid road to con valescence. In reply to tho preliminary questions, ho said: 'You waut to know all about my(J case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity \ to tell you. Tho facts may bo of valuo to those who aro stiiekon as I was.' 'How long wero yon suffering ?' 'Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to loavo off work, and I havo done nothing sinoo then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an 'acci- dont ; 1 was badly scalded while taking a bnlh in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since tho accident I have boon in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of LllO Illtlla l.y, I -,VIB iu-iuil LU yivu up my billet at (lie Glebe Island.' 'What were tho symptoms?' .. - '.- 'Simply indescribable. The pains wero . ; something terrihle. They were just about as much as I coulit bear. ri hoy wero for all tbo world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of ino- I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisanco to myself anil ovory- * one else. I was incessantly shivering and ??«?.-? shaking, and ccnl l neither cat nor sleep. ' , ' ? On tho 23rd March last I saw a well-known,-^ ? - doctor and he told mo tho ease was utterly hopeless. However, ho gavo me un order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' - 'Did you make use of the order ?' 'N.o ; I came homo and wont to bed, and have been pretty well in bed over smoo Five weeks ago I could not gofj.out of bod. - I felt then that it was all over with mo, and' only a question of days wlion I would giye up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all bo could bv opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I was in. I.was undor him for hvo or six weeks- Ho : came to the conclusion that I waspuifering ?' trom Locomotor ataxia or Proeressivo loco motor ataxy, n disease of tho spinal chord,' ? j characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told mo that I might last for ten years, and that f might novor get tho use of my legs. (Just then the patient kickcd bis legs about with onorgy to - show that medical skill is not mfalliblo) - Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a - straw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by tho advertisement describing tho ouro effected in tho case of another boiler-maker in England, ' whioh I read in the 'Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Peoplo. I read in tho advertisement pf a caao which seemed to fit my own. I determined to givp ' tho l'ink Fills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was ? '? magical. X was able -to cat and sloop as though nothing wob tho mattor with mo, It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was iucrediblo. I immodiatoly. left tho bed and was ablo to movo about- %I ? havo taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tbo past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth bor . I can walk about with the aid o£ a stick, and am gradually, but suroly. recovor ing my former vigor and vitality. Yoii see those crutches thero? They aro porfcotly now, and I havo never used them. Tlioy ' woro mado for mo beforo I got tho Pink Pills, ? ? but I was tbo weak to use them, nnd now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my Btrongtb.',' v 'Ho is 100 percent, botter,' said Mrs- Jar vis, who had come in and tnkon tho baby on hor knees. 'The Pink Pills have saved bis life, and made another man of him.'. A friend who callod i-V at this point, said ' Jai-vis looked ten yoirs younger that day than ? ^0 did a fortnight previously. 'I can now,' continued .Tarvis, ''have a cold batli, and all the feeling lus come back inmylegq.' If I keop on gouifi the way I aip, I hope to be able to reai\n}u work as a boiler inf.kor, and you know I havo to bo in tbo very pink of health and atrongth to work at that trade. I am botter to-day than I havo '? beon at any time during the past flvo yoars. I ascribe all the olmngo and benefit to theao ; Pink Fills. They havo savod my lifo. I am in no pain now, whatover, aud feel like a new man. On tho mantelpiece thero is a box of opium and morphia pills whioh the doctor gavo mo to deaden the oxcruoiating pom. -. But thoy can stay whero they aro, for I no if' linger need them. Evorybody who knows mo bos been amazed at tbo change in mo, Thoy can hardly bcliovo their eyes.' My boitg about again has caused quito a aonsatlon out . Hare.' ' finch is this remarkable histoiy, and it con firms what is said in all the oluof newspapers of this country of the astonishing ourts wrought by Dr. Williams' Piok Pills for Pale People. Thej cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and'Bpinal disoaso, also tho many disorders whioh ariso from an impoverished Btato of tho blood, such as aniomia, palo and Ballow comploxion, gonoral muBeular woak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, Bhortness'of breath,- pains in tho back, -nervous lioadacho, etc.' ' ? J. 1 ' ' ' ' t-t . --i , .. It is the intention of Seqqtor Sher man, after March ntxt, tQ aecuro fi treaty with Nicaragua providing that Aiuerica.should practically build th® ; ship canal. The Queen of Sweden ia ouo of U _ richest women in the world. Sho tfwes her great wealth to the gambling tables at Wioabaden. Her Majepty ilwtiys 'dre&Bea; in the ooatfume of' th& L-lalvatioii j^rdiy, to' which organisation she belongs. There is a town in Georgia which will have negro inhabitants excluaive. ly. The promoters of the scheme havo . bought 2000 acrea, and intend to pur chase 40,000 aerea in all. Two hun- . dred families, repreBenting 1080 per 'sons, .have enlisted as aolumsts. ? ?? -'- - - ' /' * ' 'A'- w 