Into the L.ion'8 Den. I. No. 113. Bae de Balao, Paris, was known to the medlo-l profession and amid Its extensive olrole of patrons as a mateon de sante. Dr. Glrard, director of tbe Institution, was a phyBlolan of acknowledged ability, who as, an autho rity Id All daaees ol biaio disease bad obtained a Earopsao celebrity. His on flrianrlnl analat.ant cenn Dr. Fiehnnri The two bad been boys together and after wards fellow students; bat while Dr. Qirard rapldlv attained fame, Dr. Fif band, who possessed but moderate abili ties, sank into obscurity. Later, Dr, Qirard resoued bis friend from tbe direst poverty, and placed bin) as manager of bis maison de sante, which was a gore of pet bobby of tbe man of eoienoe. Fiehaod wsb devoted to bis friend with tbe most faltbfal fidelity. One day a lady of distinguished appear anoe, Inquiring for Dr. Glrard, was asbered Into tbe reception-room. Tbe eminent physician, wbo was writing bnrrledly In tbe library, whieboummunl oated witb tbe reception room, only glanced oarelessly over tbe letter of lotroduotloo wblob wae banded to him. It wbb written by Sir Archibald Gordon, wbose brotber bad been for long years nnder tbe care of Dr. Glrard, recommend ing to tbe bind attention of tbe dooto Iiady Elmore, widow of Sir Robert El'»ore, a near neighbour of Sir Archi bald's In England. Witb one swift glanoe at ita contents Dr. Gfrard toBsed tbe Dote to bis friend, wboee duty It was to receive visitors, and wbo now advanced to receive tbe lady. She waa a tall woman, wbo though paat ber oral youca, exiu reiaioeu great personal attraction b. Her sombre mourn log garments only heightened tbe obarma of her exquisite purity of com plexion, tbe luxuriant golden bair, tbe lustrous bias eyes, wblob still retained tbe appealing softness of girlhood. 'O doctor,1 aba eaid to Flebaud, my kind old friend, Sir Archibald, baa aent me to you. If yon oan aid me, you will merit the richest .blessing of a mother's heart.' Dootor Glrard, sitting In tbe library, Uld down bla pen witb a sbiver, great drops of moietnre gathered upon bis damp brow, while be Bat Bat bongb paralysed by some sudden agony. 11 Within a year,' tbe lady oontlnued, ' I have lost tbe bast of husbaods, and my only son, tbe one bops of my blighted life, unless your aid oan avail at, Is condemned to a fate worse tban death ' Ab Doctor Glrard listened to tbe per suasive accents, be felt blmBBlf drifting PRDK W IDD UH/H Ul UID VBIIJT yUUbU. A look of premature old age settled upon that inaorntable faoe as be remembered tbe raBb, Impulsive youtb whom that very voloe had beguiled and betrayed. How be bud loved and how be bad suffered ! Yet 'she still played tbe part of temptress and betrayer. After moob per* eoaalon from Dr. Fiebaud. Lady Elmore waa indnoed to tell ber story. The shook occasioned by tbe eudden deatb of bis father bad unsettled tbe reason of heronly eon, Sir Robert Elmore, a youDg man of twenty. His mania oon alated In adealte for accumulating money, in fanoylng tbat grett euros were owing blm, and bis present hallucination was a belief tbat lie was a Jeweller and diamond merchant.- Tbe mother, following tbe oouBael of friends, bad deolded upon placing blm immediately under tbe charge of Doctor Glrard. Mucb moved by tbe depth of feeling displayed by tbe beautiful suppliant, Dr. Fieband aooeded to all ber requests, and it was. agreed (bat the next day Lsdy Elmore should bring her son to the Bae de Balae, under tbe pretence of allowing blm to collect an account: tbat she should immediately pass throogb tbe library to the corridor, thus reaching her carriage without ? some, wblob she declared ber tortured oerree really could not endure. ?;:?? ,;n. ? The next ttay art elegant equipage drew up before the Jewelry establishment of Messrs. Petlou etj?lls. A tall handsome lady, dressed In deep moorning, alighted and entered the.sbop, and wben tbe lady requested Ho be shown diamonds of fine quality sbe was served with tbe greatest alacrity. Sbe required diamonds of tbe first water, as they were intended by her husband. Sir JJobert Elmore, as a gift to bW only daughter ' on her approaching marriage with tbe Earl of Elmidale. The firm of Petion et File consisted of the father and two eons. Tbe father, accompanied, by his eldest son, happened at this time to be absent from Paris; the younger eon, quite a youth, bad been left in cbnrge of tbe establishment, with strlot orders to allow himself to be gnided by tbe ezperieooeof an elderly olerk who bad faithfully served the firm for many yes re. The young man, who waa some what vain and HAlrnnnflriant inalatari upon hlmBBlf serving tbe distinguished cuotomer. ' Have yon nothing superior to these ? ' inquired Lady Elmore, with a languidly superior glanoe. Tbe young man hesitated. YeB. they possessed tbe .finest parore In all Paris. It had originally formed a portion of a royal bride's dower. The price demanded waa very large, and bis father bad already entered into negotiations regarding them witb Messn/Vrooman, the greBt Viennese bankers, wblob, however, were not con cluded. Lady E'mnre expressed the most vehement desire to see them. Her blue eyea glistened. 'They will salt, always provided tbat Sir Robert la eatlBfied. If you have some really responsible person to whom you ooo Id Intrust tbe diamonds, be ooold acoompany me In the carriage, and the bargain aonld be settled atones. Really one bears of auob terrible robberies tbat I flhnnlfi nnlfa firAAf? tn umtant antr pa. aponelbllity.' M. Petion, wbo was mtiob elated, laughed hilariously. ' He himself would aooompany tbe diamonds. JUady Elmore listened with a gentle courtesy, while old Lebrom's whispered osutlnn only Irritated tbe bol-beaded yonth. In tbe highest splrttH be followed the lady Into b«r carriage, wblob wae driven rapidly Into tbe Ru« de Bulao. Tbe door was opened by a servant, wbo respectfully ushered them into the presence of b tall, portly gentleman, wbo reoeived Lady Elmore with tbe utmnBt courtesy. Wben Lady Elmore took tbe diamonds from his band, and passed quietly Into tbs nest room, young; Petlon unsuspeotlngly aooepted the eeat offered by tbe doctor, responding politely te tbe blaod Inquiries regarding bis health addressed blm by bis boat. Dr, Fieband exerted bis -ebpveraatlooal powera to the utmost for tlie amusement of blB patient, but as Lady Elmore .did not return, tbe young man beqan to be anxiooe to have bis business concluded. 'If you would kindly examine tbe diamonds, sir— I await your decision,' ha VontnMr) at loaf 'Bat what diamonds?' Inquired tbe dootor. ' Thoss parobased by Lady Elmore,' Insisted Petlon. 'Ah, yes. You muBt tell me about them,' responded tbe pbyBiolan. 'Tbe diamonds yon ordered as a marriage present for your only daughter.' ' Exaotly. I have no doubt tbey wtll rfalt admirably,' replied tbe dootor, Toe youth bad now become a prey to the wildest anxiety. Exeorating the roily which had allowed tbe preolouB gems to leave bie own band, be cried excitedly : ' And I really must InsiBt upon having tbe diamonds returned at onoe. Lady Elmnre assured me, Sir Robert ? ' ' Very mad Indeed, poor fellow,' was Dootor Fiebaud's mental oommeot, an ringing hastily for Ian attendant, he re peated soothingly, ' Certainly, It shall be Immediately attended to, Sir Robert.' Petlon started to blB feet, shouted furi ously, ' I am no Sir Robort, as you well know. I am JoIbb Petion, of the firm of Petion et File, Jewellers and diamond merchants, 1B6, Rue Montermorlo. Give me my diamonds.' ' Certainly, my dear boy, certainly.' 111. In tbe mean time Lady Elmore, tbe diamonds tightly olaBped to her breast, made her way rapidly through the library, A thrill ran through ber, causing her heart to beat tumultuously as sbe gained tbe library door. It was seourely fastened ; but anotber door, nearly opposite, wbiob led Into « small private study, opening Into tbe oonrtyard, stood open, Sbe entered, the door closed behind ber, all means of retreat were cot off. Witb tbe quick instinct of selfpre servation belonging to her class, she glanced around for some means of eBoaps. Then, hslf-oonoealed by tbe ourtaln draperies, a man confronted ber— a man wbo to ber appeared like a ghost from tbe dead ; an avenging apparition from tbe paat, came to take advantage of her ex tremity. Sbe wae a brave woman, to wbom any tremor of fear was almoat unknown ; but for long years sbe had dreaded this man's fury, and now sbe trembled and cowed before blm. ?? ua yon mean to sin me?' sne demanded. Dr. Girard smiled contemptuously. Tbe woman's band sank nervously by her side. Sue grew asby white, and then flushed crimson all over her face, laugh Ing recklessly meanwhile. ' Madelon Laaaarte, adventuress, tblef, betrayer of tbe Innocent, your career of crime is ended.' ' Not quite yet, man ami,' replied tbe lady. 'Remember that Ism your law ful wife My exporure means your dis grace. I have already served ? term In tbe galleys. Consider your ambition' yonr brilliant reputation, and ask your self whether your vengeanoe may not coat yon too rnnob.' Again Dr.' Glrard smiled, 'You were pltilesB In depriving ex istence of all tbat could render exietenoe desirable, f will show myself more merciful tban you,' he responded. A gleam or exultation passed over the woman's faoe as be threw open tbe door whioh led Into the quiet garden. As ebe paBBed into the air she drew a deep breath of relief tbat sounded almost like a bod. Tbe sadden panic, the tremendous tension of every faculty of her soul almoat over whelmed ber as the gendarme stationed at tbe door gently laid his bend upon her arm. 'Eb, bien, mi belle Madelon. We meet again.' Wben. Dr. Glrard sought Petion, be found tbe unhappy youtb In tbe act of being forced into a etrait-jaoket by tbree stalwart attendants, while be demanded tbe return of his diamonds, and de nounced tbe author of his mlsfortnne. When, however, tbe gems were re turned to him., and he learned of tbe danger wbloh he had escaped, Petlon's ioy wsb scarcely less excitable than bis , terror had been. ? »l?-- ? ? ? . | Tbe story of tbe great diamond robbery j created at tbe time quite a sensation.' The oddest thing of all wbb tbat tbe j woman wbo bad so cleverly planned tbe i scheme bad; been pronounced by all - eminent physicians a hopeless maniac I Tbe dootor explained to Interested groups i of listeners how the exoltement of ber I adventurous oareer bad shattered ber , nerves. She was possessed by tbe wildest ! hallucinations, the greatest of which wat ' that she was tbe wife of tbe great Dr, - Ginntyhlmseif. 