A WONDERFUL WOMAN; THE DANGERFIELD- 'MYSTERY. BY MRS MAY AGN5S FLEMING. Author of "Wed, Yet No Wife." "Nor Ine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. \- CHAPTER .II.-(Continued). "Now, Peter, don't put on that ill tempered face; it quite spoils your good looks, and you know you have none to spoil-spare, I mean. Well, yes, then; I am afraid you must consider yourself rejected. I really should like to oblige you in this matter, but you perceive I can't. Come, let us make it up-I'm not angry-and take me back to the draw ingroom for my dance. It is a sin to lose such music as that." "In one moment, Katherine. Will you answer me this, please? Is it for Gaston Dantree I am refused?" "Cousin Peter, I shall lose my temper if you keep on. If there was no Mr Dantree in the case, I should reject you all the same. You're very well as a first cousin; as a husband-excuse me! I wouldn't marry you if you Were the only man left in the world, and the penalty of refusing you .be to go to my grave an old maid. Is that answer decisive enough?" "Very nearly! Thank you for your plain speaking, Kathie." He was very white with suppressed anger.. "But lest we should misunderstand each other in the least, won't you tell me whether or not Mr Dantree is to be future lord of Scarswood Park? Because, in that case, for the honor of -the family I should en deavor to discover the gentl.ma.: y~.:.. tecedents. A classic profile and a -ine voice for singing may be sufficient, vir tues in the eyes of a yodng lady of seventeen, but I'm afraid they would hardly satisfy the world or Sir John." "For the world I don't care that! For Sir John, whatever makes me happy, will satisfy him. I am trying to keep my temper, Peter, but don't provoke me too far-it's not safe. Will you, or will you not, take me out for the dance? I am not accustomed to -ask favors twice." How queenly she says it-the heiress of Scarswood! . "And it is for this Yankee singing man-this needy adventurer-this negro minstrel in his own land-that I am cast off." She whirled round upon him in a storm of sudden fury, and made a step towards him. But rage lent him 'our age; he stood his ground. "You little wretch!" cried Mtiss Dan gerfield, "hown dare you stand there and say such things to me? How. dare you call Gaston Dantree an adventurer? You nwho would not presume to call your soul your own in his presence! Negro minstrel, indeed ! You wretched little attorney! One should be a gentleman to judge gentlemen. That's why SMr Dan tree is beyond your judgment! Don't ever speak to me again. Your very of fer is an Insult. To think that I-I would ever marry you-a little, rickety dwarf." And then dead silence fell. I don't uphold this heroine-of mine her temper is abominable, I'll1 allow; but the moment the last words passed her lips her heart smote her. Peter Dangerfield stood before her white as death, and trembling so that he was forced to grasp a gilded flower- stand for support. "Oh, Peter, I am sorry!" she cried out. "I didn't mean that-II didn't! 1 didn't-forgive it-forget it-my temper is horrible-I'm a wretch; but you know"-suffering a slight relapse-"it was all your own fault. Shake hands, cousin; and ohb. do-do-do , forget my wicked words!" But he drew back from the out stretched hands, smiling a ghastly smile enough. "Forget them ? Certainly, Cousin Katherine! I'm not the sort of fellow to bear spite. You're very good, and all that: but, if it's -all the.same.to you, I'll not shake hands. And I won't keep you from dancing that quadrille any longer. 11ll not be your partner. ' I don't dance as well as SIr Dantree, and I see him coming this way now. Excuse me for having troubled--you about this pre Sumptuous love of mine; I won't do it again." Then he turned away, and Gaston Dantree, looking like a picture in a frame, stood in the rose-wreathed en trance arch. . "I am sorry,.and I have apologised." Katherine said, coldly. "I can do no more." - - "No more is needed. Pray; don't keep aIr Dantree waiting. And I would rather he did not come in here just now." "Come, Kathie," iMr Dantree called softly. - It had come to that, then: It was "Kathie" and "Gaston." He saw him draw her hand under his arm as one having the right, whisper something in her ear that brightened her face with, sunshine. and lead her away. Peter Dangerfield stood alone. He watched them quite out of sight- his teeth set, his face perfectly colorless, and a look of evil in his small eyes. "I have read of men who sold theirsouls to the devil for a price," he said, be tween his set teeth. "I suppose the days for such bargains are over, and souls are Plentiful enough in the kingdom of his dark majesty, without paying a farthing. But if those days could come again, and Satan stood beside me, I would sell my soul now for revenge on you!" "Are you sure you have one to sell ?" a clear, sharp voice close behind him said. "I never thought lawyers were troubled with those inconvenient ap pendages--hearts and souls. Well, if Syou have, keep it; it's of no use to me. And I'm ndt Satan, either, iut yet.I think fora fair price I can give you your revenge." HIe whirled round with a stifled excla-: mation, and saw at his elbow---Mrs Yavasor. CHAPTER III.-- --ONG THE ROSES. She stood beside him- her . ceaseless smile at its brightest on her small face, looking like some little female Sieplhisto pheles come to tempt a modern Faust. He put up his eyeglass-to look at her. What a gorgeous little creature she was! It was his first thought -" - " - In the dim yellow light of the conser Catory, the amber silk gltttered with its pristine lustre. The yellown- roses she wore made such an admirable foil for her dead black hair. - - - - "'Bhat the deuce brings-- me here ? Don't trouble yourself to-ask the ques tion, mon ami; your face asks it for you. I've been eavesdropping"-'in her airiest tone-"not intentlonally, you under stand," as the young man continued to stare Speechlessly at her through his eyeglass. "Entering the conservatory by the merest chance, I overheard Miss Dangerfield's last words to you; 'a little more than kin, and less than kind,' were they not? Pernlta me to con gratulate you, Srr Dahgerfleld.2' . "Congratulate me!' Mr Dangerfield re Seated, dropping his double-barrelled eOeglass. and glowering vengefully at the fair creature by: his side.. "Inl lSeaven's name, on wnhat ?" "On having escaped becoming the hus band of a termagant. Believe me, not even Scarswood and eight thousand a year would counterbalance so atrocious a temper as that" "Eight thousanid a year would coun terbalance with me elen a worse temper thlan that; Mgrs Vavasor," the lawyer an swered, grimly. "I am only sorry I am Sot to have the opportunity of trying. Once my wife, I think I could correct thei acidity of even Katherine Dangerfield's temper and tongue." "No, you could not. Petruchio him self would fail to tame this shrew. You Se, Mr Dangerfield. I speak from expe tence. I know wnhat kind of blood flows in our spirited Katherine's veins." "Very good blood, then. I am sure lery good-tempered, too, in the main-at onast, on the father's side." (2 t1.0 "-Ah, on the. father's side!" : The sner with which this "was said was ildetcrib able. "JMay-I ask if you knew her ine. ther, MrDangerfeld?- ," - "Certainl .I did-a very fine woman, too, and as amiable as she was hand some. Colonel )Jangerfield (Sir John was colonel then) married a Miss ,aLascelles, and Katherine Was born in this very house, -while they were making their Christmas visit. You may. have known her father. and mother-you' certainly seem to know Sir John suspicously well-but don't tell me Katherine took her tantrums from either of them-I know better." "I see you do--you know ali about it. ow old was Katherine when her father and mother left England for India?" "Two or three years, or thereabouts. It seems to me-being so well acquaint ed, and all that, as you say-you ought to know yourself. Was it in England or India you came to know Sir John so well?" "In neither, aIr Dangerfleld." "Or does your acquaintance e-tend only to the baronet? Gad! he looked like an incarnate othundercloud when pre senting you. His remembrances of you mUst be uncommonly pleasant ones, I should say. Did you know the late irs Colonel Dangerfield, aMrs Vavasor ?" "I knew the late.Irs Colonel Danger field, Mr Dangerfield., "And yet you say Katherine takes her temper from her mother. My late aunt in-law must have greatly changed, then, from the time I saw her last" "I repeat it," Mars t'avasor said, tap pingher fan,"Katherine inherits her most abominable temper froti her mother, the only inheritance her mother ever left her. And she looks like her-wonderfully like her--so like." ars 'mavasor repeated, in a. strange, suppressed voice, "that I could almost take her for a-ghost in pink gauze." "Like her mother!" cried Peter Dan gerfield. s.'I beg your pardon. Mrs Va vasor, but You must be dreaming. She Is no more like her mother than I am The late Mrs Dangerfeie d was a hand some woman." "Which our spirited heiress never will be. I agree with you, Mr Danger field; and yet you told me you were in love with her, and wanted' to marry her," "I meant what I said." the young man responded, sullenly,-"I do want to marry her." "'Or her fortune-wihich?" . t'I don't see that that's any business of yours, Mrs Vavasor, and Iedon't see what I am standing here abusing Ia therine to you for, You don't like her, do you? Now, what has she ever done to you?' "Nothing whatever--'I haven't seen Katherine until.to-night for fifteen years. She was two years old then--a little de moiselle in short clothes, and too young to have any enemy." "Yet you are her enemy, Mrs Vavasor, and you sit at her table and eat her bread and salt. And you speak of her mother as if you detested her. Is it for the mo ther's sake you hate the daughter?" "For the mother's sake." She repeated the four short words with a concentrated bitterness that rather repelled her com panion. "And you hate her for -her own, Mr Dangerfield'." She laid her little hand suddenly and sharply on his arm, and sent the words in his ear in a sibi lant whisper. "We both hate her; let us make common cause together, and have our revenge." Peter Dangerfield threw off.the gloved hand that felt unpleasantly like a steel manacle on his wrist. "Don't be melodramatic, if you please, Mis Vavasor. Revenge, indeed! And I a lawyer. You would make an uncom monly 'good actress, my dear. madam. but in private life your histrionic talents are quite thrown away. Revenge! Bah! Why, -the vendetta has gone out of fashion even in Corsica. We don't live in the days of the handsome Lucrezia, when a perfumed rose or a pair of kid gloves sent one's adversary to glorl-. There is no such word as revenge in these latter days. my dear madam. If one's wife runs away from one with some other fellow, we don't follow and wipe out our dishonor in his blood: we simply go to Sir Creswell and get a di vorce. If we run away with some other fellow's wife, that good fellow sues us for damages, and makes a good thing of it. Believe me, Mrs Vavasor, revenge is a word that will soon be obsolete, ex cept on.theatrical boards. But, at the same time. I should like to know what you mean." "What is that you say ?" Mrs Vrava sor cried. "While the world lasts and men love and hate, and use swords and pistols, revenge will never go out of fashion. And you hate your cousin hate her'so thtat,-if looks s-ere lightning, she tould have fallen, at your feet ten minutes ago. 'A little rickety dwarf!' " She laughed her shrill; somewhat elfish laugh:. "Not a pleasant name to be called, Mlr Dangerfield." - " - SHis face- blackened at the rmem blrance: his small, pale-e'es shot forth that steely firelight blue eyes only can flash, - "Why do you remind me of that ?" he said, hoarsely. !'She did not mean it slhesaid-so:': .- - - "'She said so-she said so!" his com panion cried, scornfully. "MIr Peter Dangerfield; you're not the man I take you for if you endure quietly such an insult as that. And look at her now, with Gaston- Dantree, that penniless tenor singer, with the voice of ano angel and the face- of a god. Look, how she smiles up at him. Did she ever give "you such a glance as that ? See how he bends overher and whlspers In her ear. Did she ever listen to you with that happy face. those drooping, down cast eyes? Why, - she' .loves that man-that impoverished adventurer; and love and happiness make her almost heautiful. And she called you a rickety dwarf. Perhaps even now they are laughing over It rather as a good "Woman i Devill" her victim burst out, goaded to frenzy. " Katherine Dangerfield would stoop to no such base ness as-that!" - - joke.", . T'Would she not? You have yet to learn to what depths of baseness women like her can stoop. She has bad, bitter bad blood in her veins, I tell you. She comes of a daring unscrupulous race. Oh, don't look at me like Ithat. I don't mean the Dangerlelds. And you with brer her merciless taunt, and stane quierly ba while shersoies yonder handsome cox comb.- and. go and be: best man at the wedding, and take your hat off for? ever after, when you meet Gaston -Dantree. master of Scarswood Park. Bah! Peter Dangerfield, : you must - have milk and water lIn your veins insmead of blood, and I am only wasting my timehere talking to you. I'll detain you no longer.- i wish you gopd evening," - She had goaded him to the:right point at last. As she turned to go, he caught her arm flercelyand held her back. - .. :'Stay!" he cried, hoarsely; "you:shall not go! You do w,'ell to say I hate her. And she shall never marry Gaston Dan. tree If I can prevent it! -Only show me the way how! -Only show me!" he es claimed, breathless and hoarse, "and see whether I have blood in my veons in stead of mIlk and sarteh-i man's p s sions in my heart-othoughtt be the heart of a rlcketi- dwarf!" -. Ah, that blow struck home. - " '"ook at them once again, Mr Danger field, lest your brave resolutions should tool--look at Katherlne Dangerfield and her lover now." The bharonet's daughter was n'altzing again--she Jhmd a passionate love of dancing, and floated with the native grace of a Bayadere. She was waltzing with Dantiee, her long rose-wreathed brown hair Iloating over her shoulder, her happy face up lifted'as she whirled down the long vista -in his arms to the Intoxicating music of "The Guard's Wealtz." "You see," Mrs avasor said, signifi cantly. "he who runs may read, and he who stands still may understand. His melancholy tenor voice, his ilover-like sighs, his dark. pathetic eyes, iave done their wolrk--Katherine Dangerfield is in love with Gaston Dantree! It is a very old story: A lady of high degree has 'stooped to conqluer.' Sir John -on't like it. I daresay; but could Sir Johi refuse his idolized darling anything? If she cried for the moon she would have it. And she is so impetuous, dena childl She will be Mrs Gaston Dantree in the time it woulid take another young lady to -decide the color of the bridesmaids' dresses." "She shall never be ,Mrs Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it:" Petelu Danger field cried, vehemently, his pale blue eyes filled with lurid rage. "Y'es. hut unhappily there is the rub if you can prevent it. You don't sup pose now." M[rs Vavasor said, thought fully, "this SIr Danh'ee is in love with her?"------- - - - `I kno nothing aboutitv. He looks as thghhe iwere, at least-and be hanged ITat tells nothlng, Sheis the heiress of Scarswood,. and Mr".Dantree-like yourself, I haven't a doubt-,ls in love with that. I wonder. f either of you would want to marry herJif she hadn't a farthing-if, her brown-hair and her fine figure were her only fortune?" "'I can ansnwer for myself-I would see her.at the deuce first!". "And unless I greatly mlitake him, Mr Dan-tree would also. How, she looks up at him! How she smiles! Her infatua tion is patenit to the whole room. And, after her, -you are the heir-at-law, Mr Dangerfield." "I don't see what that's got to do with it," the young man retorted, sulkily. "I am -likely to remain heir-at-law to the end of my days, for what I see. Sir John will go off the hooks, and she will marry, and there - will be a son - half a dozen of 'em: most. likely-and my cake is. dough. I wish you wouldn't talk about it at all.. It's of. no use a man howling his life out for what he never can'get" . "Certainly not-for.what he can't'get; but I don't perceive the 'can't get' in this case. Three people stood between Colo net Dangerfield and the title six months ago, and they-as you express it in the elegantly allegorical language of the'day -'went off the hooks;:' and lo! our Indian officer all in a moment steps into three pairs of dead men's shoes, a title, and a fortune. Scarswood may change hands very unexpectedly before the year ends again." "Mrs 'avasor- if that be your name -I don't understand you. What's the use of badgering a man in this way? If you've got anything to say, say it. I never was any hand at guessing riddles. What 'the deuce do you mean?" 'Mrs Vavasor laughed gaily. "Forcible. but.aot polite-! Did you. e~er hat?~ayour' fortunre'toldhre Danger field ? I have some-glpshy, blood in my veins.'. Give me your hand, and I'll tell it, without the proverbial piece' of sil ver." He held it out mechanically. Under all this riddle-like . talk, .he knew some .strong meaning, very much to the point; lay. . What could she mean?.` Who could she be? She took his .thin. pale, cold hand, and peered into the palm, with the prettiest fortune-telling air imaginable. "A strangely chequered palm, my gen tleman; all its strange future to come. I see a past quiet handuneventful.' I-see a character thoroughly selfish, avarici ous, and imnprncipled. N?o, don't take your hand away; it will do you good to hear the truth once in a way, Mr Dan gerfield, You can hate with tigerish In tensity; you would commitany crime under heaven .for money, so that you were nev'er likely to be found out. You care for nobody but yourself; and you never will. A woman stands in your path to fortune-- woman you hate. That obstacle will be removed. I see here a ruined home, and over ruin and death you step into fortune. Don't ask me how. The lines don't tell that, just' yet; they may very soon. You are to be a baronet, and the time is very near. How do you like your. fortune, Sir Peter Dangerfield. that is to be?" She dropped his hand, and looked him full in the face, streaming fire in her black eyes. "Hush-h-h! for. Heaven's sake !" he. whispered, in terror. "If you should be overheard!" "But how do you like it?" "There can be no question of that. Only I don't understand. You are mock ing me. . What you predict. can never happen." "W'hy not?" "Why not-why 'not?" he- exclaimed, impatiently. "You don't need to ask that question. Katherine Dangerfield stands between me; a life as good-bet ter than my own." "What I predict will happen, as surely as we stand here. Don't ask me how I can't tell you to-night. There's a sec ret in Sir J'ohn Dangerfield's life-a sec ret I have been paid well to keep-which I have kept for fifteen years, 'which no money will make me keep much longer. I have a debt of long standing to pay off -a debt of vengeance, contracted before Katherine Dangerfield was born, which Katherine Dangerfield yet must: :pay. What will youl giveie if r'nithin thenext three months I make you heir to'Scars; wood?" . "You?,. "I." "It is impossible." "It is not!" She stamied her foot. "Quick! Tell me-what Wilt you give?" "I- don't understand you." "I don't mean that you shall yet. Will you give me ten thousands pounds the day.that makes you-5through me, mind -lord of Searswood? Quick! Here :come our lovers. Yes or n9?" "Yes." "It is well.. I shall have your bond Instead of your promise soon. Not a. whisper of this to a living mortal, or all is at an end. We are sworn allies, then, from this night forth,. Shake hands upon it." They clasied hands. - He shivered, a - little, unprincipled though he was, as he felt the cold, steely clasp of her gloved fingers. She glance ed up, a flash of triumph lighting her eyes, to where Katherine. Dangerfield, still leaning on her handsome lover's arm, approached. "Now, then,- my baronet's daughter-, my haughty little heiress-look to your self ! I am a.woman who never yet spared friend or foe who stood in my path. Vm victis !" She vanished as she spoke, and Peter Dangerfield, feeling like a man in a? dream, his head In a whirl, glided after her as his cousin and her cavalier step ped under the arch of rose and myrtle. CHAPTER IV.-LOVE UNDER THE LAMPS. "Ho"i chaimingly cool it is here.'" Miss :Dhhgerfield's freshyobiing volce w as saiy ing, as they came in; "how 'berritching is this pale moonshiny sort :'of lamp light among the orange trees and myr tles; and, oh, tr Dantree, how delicious 'that- last waltz wras. You have my step as nobody else has it, and you waltz so light-so light! It has been a heavenly evening altogftherl"-- - - She threw herself Into a rustic ehair as she spoke.. where trailing vines and crimson.blooms formed a brilliant arch over her head,'and looked up at him with ey-es that shone like stars. \- "I wonder if it is only because balls and parties are such rare things to -me that I-have enjoyed this so greatly, or because I am just seventeen, and every thing .ls, delightful at seventeen; or be cause--because, Mr Dantree. I wonder if you have enjoyed yourself?" S"I have been in paradise, iiss Dan grnfeld" "And how gloomy he says It, and how pale and wretched he looks," laughs Katherine.- " Your paradise can't be any great things, judging by your face at this moment." "Miss Dangerfield, it is because my paradise has been so perilously sweet that I look gloomy. The world outside, bleak and barren, must have looked trebly bleak to Evre when she left Eden." "Eve shouldn't have left i:. then. She should have had sense and left the tempting apple alone." "Ah, but it was so tempting, and it hung so deliciously within reach! And Eve forgot, as I have done, every thing-the fatal penalty - all but the heavenly sweetness of thie passing mo ment." "Well," lissc Dangerfleld said, flutter ing her fan and looking upwards. "I may be stupid. Mlr Dantree, but I don't quite catch your metaphor. Eve ate that apple several thousand years ago, and was very properly punished. But uwhat has that to do with you?" "Because I, like Ei-e, have eaten my aople to- night, and to-morrow the gates of my earthly paradise close upon me for ever."' Divested of its adjuncts there wasn't much, perhaps in the speech; but given to a young lady of seventeen, of a Spoetic and sentimental turn of mind soft, sweet music swelling in the dis tance-a dim light-the fragrance of tropic flowers and w'armth, and a remar kably good-looking young man--lm plied a great deal. He certainly looked dangerously handsome at this moment. ;She laughed .at his"romantic words, but~theie was . a lttle tremor in her clear tones, as she spoke: - "'Such a sentimental speech, 'I" Dan tree!- Sussex is a very nice couinty, and Scarslwood a very agreeable place, no doubt; but neither quite constitutes my Idea of paradise. And what do you mean by saying you leave to-morrow?" "I mean I dare stay no longer. I should never have come here at all. I wish to Heaven I never had!" 'Please don't be profane; Mr Dantree. You wish you had never come! Now, I call that anything but complimentary to the neighborhood and to me. Be kind 'enough to explain' yourself, sir. Why.do you wish you had never come?" "Because I have been mad-because I am mad. Oh, Katherine, can't you see? Wihy will .you make me speak what I should die rather than utter? Why will you make me confess my mad ness-confess that I love you?" He made an impassioned gesture, anid turned away. No professional actor could have done it better. - His -voice, his gesture, his passionate words were the perfection of high-class drama. And then there was dead silence. "You do not speak," he cried. "I have shocked you; you hate, you despise me as I deserve?" He was really get ting alarmed in spite of his conviction that she was hopelessly in -love with him. "Well, I deserve it all. I stand'be fore you penniless, with neither noble name:nor fortune to offer you, and I dare to tell you of my hopeless passion. Katherine, forgive me." "Forgive. me ift you can, and tell me to go." Then his soft tenor tones died away pianissimo in stiflcd emotion, and he lifted lher hand to his moustached lips. He trembled with an esctacy too great for words. He loved her like this.-ler matchless darllng-=and- hI', tbld ?e?-r '.o bid him go. Her.flngers closed over his. tighter and tighter she bent downniun til he could almost hear the loud throb= ling of her heart. "Go!" she whispered faintly. . "Gas ton, I should die if you left me.' He clasped bothI her hands with a wild, theatrical start,'and gazed at her in incredulods amazement. "Katherine, do you lknow what you say? Have. I heard you aright? 'For pity's sake do not mock'me in my des peration-do not lift me for.a momitent to Heaven only to-cast me out again! It cannot be-it is maddest presumpltion of me -to hope that you love me."-. Her hands closed only the more close ly over his;-her head drooped, her soft, abundant.brown hair hliding-its tremor of bliss. "I never hoped for this," he said; "I never thought of this! I knew it was my destiny-my madness to adore you; but never- no, never In my wildest dreamn--did I dare hope-you could stoop to me. My darling, say it. just once, that I may know that I am awake!" He was very wide-awake indeed at that moment.' "Say just once, my heart's own darling. "'Gaston. I love you!' " She said it, her face hidden on' his shoulder, her voice trembling, every vein In her body thrilling' with rapture. And MIr Gaston Dantree smiled - a half-amused, a half-exultant 'smile. of triumph. "I've played for the high stakes be fore." he thought, -"but never" so high as this, or with half so easy a vic tory. And-ovh; powers'of .vengeance!-if Marie should ever find this ou0t! There's only one drawback-now - the old man. The gii-l may be a fool, but he's not. There'll be no end of a row when this comes out." She lifted her head from his shoulder, and looked up at him shy and sweet. "And'you really care for me like this, Gaston, and you really thought I would let you go-you really thought the dif ference in wealth between us would be any difference to me? How little you know me!" "I know you for the best, the dearest, the loveliest of all women. But your father, Katherine; he will never consent to a poor. artist like me coming and wooing his -darling." ' "You don't know him, Gaston: papa would do anything on earth-to please me- anything. When he discovers how we love each other, he will never stand between us._ He lives but to make me happy." 'You are sure-of this,. Katherine?" "Certain, Gaston; your poverty will be no obstacle to him." "Then he's a greater fool than I take hini for," thought Mr Dantree. ' "If I were in his place I would kick Gaston Dantree out of the room. Good heavens! If I should marry this girl, and it should get- to tarie's ears! -If? I; shall.marry, her--come.what may. Eight thousand a year at stake,and Matiethe only; obstacle in the way, and hundreds of leagues of sea and land between me and that ob -stacle! .There is no turning back now; come what ,may, I - shall marry the heiress of Scarswood." - "Katherine," he said,- taking both hands in his and looking in her eyes, "whatever betides, for good or for ill, y;ou will not draw back; for good or for evil you are mine?" " She met his eyes full for the first time. She was.pale, but there was no tremor in heryvoice as sheslowly repeated his words. Clearly and firmly they came: "Yours, Gaston-- yours only. For good or for evil, to the end of my life-yours!" -.For good or for evll!-ominous words. For good or for' evil the vow was plighted; and she stood under the lamps, pledged :to become Gaston Dantree's wife. - . - .:'; (To be Continued.) - 