0REAM8 THAT SAME TRUE. how irfbbebsbs web traced, Strange aa il may new apbear, It t» neverthetese a faol that in the paeb dreams, signs, and portents played ' ne tneensldor- ble parti ie enr law cautte, and the report ot the sixteenth and wventeenth centuries are brimful of reference thereto. - In con nection with dreams, perbapa one el the most remarkable trials, oertamiy oi uter daye, was the# ia cenneetien with the slay ing of Maria Martin, er the murder ef the Red Barn, in which the murderer was dis- cevered whally and eelely through the means ot information gained' through a dream. Tha victim of the murder was tha daughter of a mole catcher, wba peeseamd far mere beauty and edueatlen than young women ef her olasf- Needless to say she was tbe oause ef muoh jeelouey, and among her levers wose rloh young man namod John Uorder, by whom aha was seduoed and then abandoned. In tarn, William Corder, John's brother, appeared upon ths scene, and under promise of marrisge Maria was again betrayed ; and afterwards finding that ehe was to.baceme a mother, she prayed her betrayer to carry ant his promise. This, however, was" not to tho testa of William Carder, who. under nromisa ef a secret marriage, made arrangements with , the girl to moot him at a red barn ee his mother's farm,: whence they would leave for a neighbouring town and get married. The girl met him as arranged, when he abot and buried her beneath the flooring ef the barn. ' William Corder then disappeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the muiriage had taken place, and that their daughter was living at Ipewioh. Same, monbhs elapsed, tbe burn wherein the body wee buried was filled with corn; and as no tidings came from tha young woman, Corder guvs as a reason that she had hurt her right hand, and therefore oould not write te her parents; shortly after which Corder loft the neighbourhood, Some time later, Mrs. Martin dreamed that her daughter had been murdered by Corder and burled in the barn, and so frequently was the dream re- ueated that in the end tbe woman per- suaded her husband to got the grain re moved, aud to dig at the spot indicated in the dream, which he did, when the body was immediately discovered and indenti- fled. Suspicion naturally pointing to Cor der, be wae traced te London, where he was found married to a schoolmistress, on whose earnings ha was living. Hs was arrested, found guilty, and duly executed, the meting out of justice in this instance being entirely due to a dreuu. ( dream evidence. Harking back Bomewhat we find that in 1761 an Irish murdorer was convicted largely upon dream evidence- One Rogers, a Waterford publican, dreamed that hs saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of a neighbour ing mountain. On the following day be described both men he had seen in his dream with perfect aocuracy, which be did to many of his companions. One of the men was exceptionally Strang ; tha other, who committed ths crime, was weak and small. ' Rogers at length prevailed upon the parish priest to accompany htm to ths spot, which was easily tound, but which bore no truces of a death straggle. On the follow ing day. however, - two men entered the publioheuss whose appearance tallied exuetly wibh those in the dream vision When-they rose to leave Rogers begged the ene whom he expeoted to be murdered to remain, but unavailing. After the man had left he nearly fainted from fright, and in the end perenuded a neighbour to ao- company him te the green spot en the hill, where, sure enough, the tragedy ef the dream had been enacted in real life. Tbo murderer was tracked and captured end Rogers was the priecipa) witness against him. His dosoriptioe ef his ri ream wae'ie vivid that the prisoner ieamodiately ac knowledged his guilt, and stated . that hs killed his companion with eight stabs, ex actly as pictured iu the dream. ; In 1810, at Frankfort; in Germany, i a woman namsd Kraeme made applicationjto a local judge te be sworn, as Bhe had some information to impart relating to a murder oommtttod in a remote village in Rusaia, many days' journey from her German domi cile. Her story ran thus :— Ten years be fore her only son left home. tilts heard nothing of hiu, and had no idea at all where he was living until the night before, when his spiribuppeered te her and told her what she new hastenod to relate. The revelation was that after leaving home the young roan had wandered about Europe till he had finally found work iu the villagejof Klaf in Russia. Hore he had fallen in love with a serf's daughter who had a Russian beau. On bhe preceding night this latter had inveigled the young Teuton into the country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in a cava off the highway. The Judgo was eo impressed with the desoription that he forwarded it to a notary in Klaf. In the meantiina Karl Kraeme had been missed, and on receipt of bhe dream story the police searched for tho oave, found it exactly located us described, And also found the body with a wound .corresponding with that detailed in the vision. Tho murdorer was at ouce arrested, and tho widow Kraomo undortook tho long journey to avenge her son's death. Her recital in court was vivid in the extreme, and she screamed with fright when she first saw the prisoner, whom she picked oue from n crowd of men in a dimly lighted cell. She also identified the woman who wue the CAUB0 Of the trouble. INDIAN VISIONS. Touching haunted houses, wa may re call an incident familiar enough at he be ginning ef the century, when " The Memoirs of a Thng " was in everybody's hands, but remembered by lew probably at this date. Major General Sleeman, captain at that time, was travelling up country with bis wife. Ho enoamped In a pretty grove ol mangos near Sanger. at mid night Mrs. Sleemau awoke screaming. In a dream she saw scores of naked corpses rise (rem the earth at the bedside. Hor husband calmed her, and abe slept again ; but tbe dream returned and ao painfully was the agitated that it became necessary to strike the camp a little after midnight, Captain Slseman reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then direotiiiz bis famous campaign against jthe Thugs. He quaftletisd one of the epprovert,who rocog- - nlted the description of tho mango tope 1 near Bangor, at onoo. Several victime bad - been buried there. Taylor bad the greuqd ' !iag,end they tamed up, ffure ramomlliM rightly, the bones of seventeen persons.! This' Is one of the best ghost stories extent, because indubitably authentic. At tho( same tinae it is easily explained. mrea Sleeman - bad been hearing the frightful) \ evidence published from day to day at j that time, when the Thugs bad just beenjJ. discovered. She knew that they habituallj 'f buried tbeir victims in groves, and-tbat-., night ehe chsnced to bo in tbe nervous conh''' dition when waking thoughts take shape ast£ dreams. Ths famous regiment once knowa aa -ths 74th Highlanders has a legend handeti-j down for threo generations at least. a captain, whose neme escapes us, was writ ing in his tout at Bhelapore, when a yonng soldier in haBpital garb entered. " Please,' sir, i wish to have my arrears sent to my mother. Will yeu kindly take down tht address V The officer did so without; thinking : when he looked up tha visitor was gone. Then it struck him that thu|. was very irregular. He oalled tho bor' geant, who informed bim that the young j-\: man in question had died in hospital the ' day before, leaving an unusual sum of money, and that tbo address af hia friendi- conld nob bs discovered. It is alleged thai a report of thoso facts, ' drawn up ehero.antix. thou, still exists. 