THE MYSTERY OF A NAME. A Present-Day Romance. CHAPTER VII. ... Bcbert Grange made & point of being one fithefirst arrivals at MrsStone's that sreoiiig, partly to save himself the confu sionof being jumnmnwi hafore the entire company, and partly in the hope of being . there in time to watch Hiss Maty Smith's entrance. In this he was successful, being, indeed, the first gentleman toput in an appe&ranoe; at all, and Mrs Stone, fortu nately tor him, met him jnst. ooteide the drawing-room door, where she greeted him . most effusively, and overwhelmed Mm with her gratitude for the honor he was doing her. Thus lie was able to have a few : minutes* conversation qnite privately with her, in the course of which he begged her not to introduce people to him on the Strength of his name, and repeated the fact that'he greatly, disliked being f&ted.; He oonld hardly help smiling at her expression et giatified iinportanoe as she assured him . hewflattraeclue felt at sharing, a secret . with him/and ehe wished that Vansthrt could have been with Mm, notbrily to j bin in the joke,hut to help him to cany it ; thron^ shonld any difficulties arise.; Many as his adventures had been, he had nevermet with one of this description, before. Gradually the rooms filled, and being occupied in receiving her guesta.Mrs Stone quite forgot for the time, the existence of the illustrious stranger, and to his delight he was left to his own devices. Hestood near the door, leaning against the wall, and eagerly-soanning the face of every girl -who entered the room. Hostlythe azt nounoement of their names was swaliowed np in the bozz of talk going on around, and so many arrived together .that home were never anhonnced at all, so he had. plenty of opportunity of criticising the young tadies&nd; wondering which in all that crowdwaa the one he had Come so far to see. He had notseen Mary's photo graph, so had only a vague notion of what aort of girl tolook for, for thongh Yan stnrt had described her to him as well as he conld,. such descriptions are almost neoesaarily^misleading, so many people in the world eeem to be made after one pat tern as far as mere featnres and -com plexion go. Thus it happened that Bob. fixed on no fewer than three girls as per fectly possible Miss Smiths. Hot that they . were a bit alike, but they were all. rather tall, had good figures, nice completions, faces that were neither pretty nor plain, and they all looked about the age of four and-twenty. The worst of it was that, he ..-was not well pleased with any of them, and decided that one looked sour, another etupid/and the third sly. As he watched them hefelthe had made a mistake, and . began to wonder whatever could have in duced him to come ion such a foolish errand. Indeed, it would ; be hard to ex plain what motive had led him to come, bcyond the gratification of am indolent Bort ofcuriosity on the -subject of his name, and had he.faad anyone belonging to him at home or anything that bad needed his preaencethere and given him occupation, he mostprobablywould not have' thought twioe about going to look for Mary : He was revolving in bis mind whether he should dip out whilemo one noticed1 him andgo bade to his hotel, or shonld ask hishoet to introduce him to any of the three, and if so to which, when the servant annnnnced, Jn tones surely loader than any he had used before— - •«3Css Smith!" Grange started and looked towards the dew. There was no npstake this time.; not only was the name correct, but he ac tually seemed to recognise her as the girl 'of. whom young Harper had - spoken so enthusiastically. She looked the sort of girl one would be enthusiastic about, thoughwhy. it would be'hard to say. -She was quite alone, but seemed to feel no awk wardness from the - fact,.thongh the room was crowded and many people stopped to greet,her even before she reached her hostess. -Her movements were neither un duly hurried nor alow enough to suggest that fine ladylike indifference which seems to some of us so very like1 had manners. . She wore the new wMte dress that Mrs Smith had so wished her to wear at the Bectory dinner-party a month or two be fore j the fact, though uninteresting init B«Jf, is ; worthy of notice because it . gave the whole -company eomethingto talk i about for the next ten. minutes or so; some of the ladies ridiculing it because it was eo very plain, and most of the gentle mm^admiBng it for its extreme ' aim- j Bob, certain that this at last was the lady he was in qnest of,- made a step or two forward, almost fancying thathe had " the right' to speak to her; he recollected himself in time, .however,-but was near enough to -hear her cordial congratulations to .Mr mid Mrs Stone, and to admire the pleasant tones, «f her -voice. "When she made way for the next comers, he kept as near to "her as he pould and listened as she acoostedaii elderly -lady who was sitting closely. "HoW do you do/Mrs Harper?" she ■aid. "Iam so glad yon axe here;'mother said that yon tell her you were afraid you wonld not beahle to come." ."I did not think that I would come," answered Mrs Harper, in a tone that im plied that she had not thought it worth whiles "and I shonld not have done so, only that Miss Jones had no one to come with, and very rightly was of opinion that Itwaa not qnite ladylike t6 go to a party, herself. Ton are not so shy." "No," said Mary quite simply, "I am act shy, I should not care to enter a room full of strangers by myself, -though if it bad to be done of cour se I Bhonld do it; .but I think it would bo-too affectedly pru dish to mind here, where I know everyone. BesideB, 1 am older than Miss Jones." " Yes," assented Mrs Harper, drily, good deal older. So you got a new dress for j . the occasion; it made you gnite conspi- < coons as yon came in." "I am glad it was such a success," re plied >Maxy, looking complacently at the folds Of "her white silk, as if she-desired nothing better than that it should occasion remark, thongh in reality she thought less than most girls do about her-clothes. " It is satisfactory to know that when one has a new frock it is recognised as snch. To -change the subject, I ,wanted to tell, you | tiiat I had w letter from Willie this morn-1 ing." . | "Did you? We did not," said ALtb "I know; he had not time to write to ub both this week; and he has not ,written to me before at all; and then he knew X would tell yon all the news. Hie is very bright and cheerful, though of course he misses yon all very much " "Us,my dear Mary?" interrupted the elder lady somewhat irritably, "I think he is more likely to miss you than any of As Mary had predioted, "Willie's mother had never quite forgiven her for having en grossed so muoh of his last day at home. ** Indeed, no," said Mary.. " Naturally I hope he misses me too a little, hut he says St seems ages since he left you. Mr Van sturt has been very kind and nice to him, Cjand be has got to know some of the other ybung fellows by now, so it is very plea sant for him. New Tork is perfectly lovely according to his account, and he likes the rooms Mr Yanstnrt got for him better every day. - He says that they are rather high up, but there is a magnificent view from the windows. He has been to one or two theatres " " X hope he is not going to mate that a practice," broke in his mother severely; " such a thing occasionally I do not object to, but 1 do not lite the way the young men of the present day must always .be at theatres or races, or playing cards or bil liards; it generally leads to trouble of some kind. " I am sure you are right," Mary agreed, "but I think you may trust Willie to keep straight. He likes a bit of fun of course, like the rest of us, but he vpll never put Us pleasure before his work, or carry it further than he can afiorcL" " William is not serious enongh," Mrs Hatperwent on. " When he was here his mind was always full of tennis and boat ing and dancing or some such frivolity. If he-was at home for meals, it was quite as much as we could expect." Mary knew that this was a dig at her, because he had been her constant com-; panion, but she laughed good-humoredly as : she answered— " Oh! we were much more serious than you imaging, Mrs Harper. You cannot think what an amount of serious reading I induced him to undertake, and our con versation was often of a deeply intellectual and instructive description." " Indeed! I did not know it," put in Mrs Harper in her most crushingly polite manner. "Besides," continued Miss Smith not a hit crushed and without apparently noticing the interruption," he had no real work to do then, ana he is only nineteen; don't you think a little frivolity is natural at that age . "Ohl of course you know best," turned the elderiadyatiffly. • -Mary felt -she had had enough of this. Without a trace of annoyance on her face she rose from the seat she had taken and moved away to apeak to friends at the other end of the room. She was soon sur rounded by a group of some of the younger members of the party, who had been very tndigngnt B^j,opOT«tinggii Mrs Harper so much of the time that-they considered be longed by right to thein. Once Dr. Arm strong would have been the first to attach himself to her, but now he stood apart, silent and grave, merely bowing to her as she passed him. She was grieved, for she really liked him and found the chatter of Dick Bilton and his friendB very unin teresting, compared, to the young doctor's conversation j but she sawno way of lessen ing the distance between -them without seeming to mean more than she wished. While she was thinking of this and talking rather absently meanwhile to Miss Jones, she suddenly, observed a, strange face among the numbers that she knew so well, and curiously enough, as she did so, she found that the eyes belonging to were fixed upon her with a gaze of deep interest and evident approbation. Bob was not of course the only strange gentleman present, but he was almost the only one who would be likely to attract any attention, and ( Mary was much struck by his appearance, which seemed to indicate an amount of ex perience and knowledge of the world not common in visitors to Fogqyton. He had overheard her conversation with Mrs Harper and not only waa pleased with her share in it, but particularly admired the dignity with which she. put an end to it. Tt would have been so easy, es pecially for a woman, to retort some- J thing sharp and telling, bnt she had done much better. The smile with which he ; had watched her still lingered on his face, as Mary met his glance, and he looked like a man who had just had a pleasant surprise. She was about, to ask someone near her, who was the tall, handsome man, with grey eyes and -dark moustache, when Mr Taylor, whom she had not seen since the memorable evening at the Beotory, came up and spoke to her. Bemembering with malicious enjoyment her confusion and her blushes when he had mentioned him upon the former occasion, he immedi ately asked afterMr Bobert Hatton Grange. But die" was so used by this time to bring questioned upon .the subject that she answered him quit® without embarrass ment, in factrather enjoyed disappointing him, for she easily guessed his motive. There was a little music in the course of the evening, but Fogeyton talent in that direction was not of a high order; Mrs Stone also - managed to -get up a couple of tables of whist, but the charades could not be done at all, for as everyone was willing enough te play in the second, but no one would take part-in the first, they naturally fell through. However, most of the company seemed quite content. to do nothing in particular, and there was no flagging in the buzz of conversation that went on all over the room. It was pretty nearly time for the grand sapper and Mary had jnst risen from the piano, when she found be side her the gentleman she had the whole evening been furtively watching and secretly admiring. After the murmur of. thanks for her playing: to which scarcely anyone had listened, -had subsided, the general chatter recommenced, and Mary found herself for the. moment with no one but the stranger near her. *'1 hope you will forgive the liberty I take in introducing myself to you, Mies Smith," said the young man suddenly. " I have asked several people to do me the favour, hut, as they have all refused, 1 can not help hoping that- you will allow me to dispense with the usual ceremony." \- " They refused?" said Maty smiling, though much astonished at such a strange occurrence. " That seems very -odd." "Tea," he answered."especially as they all laughed and declared that I knew you already."' "How funny 1" she exclaimed. "Per haps I have met you before "That I can safely say yon have not," he replied, "it would have been impossible j for me to have forgotten it." She laughed. " That is very nicely put, | but " " Scarcely original, you were going to add," he put in. " Of course you are right, but sooh truths cannot be repeated too often. Anyhow I have not been in this part of England since you left the school room,sol think it unlikely." I "And I suppose I strike you as being of so entirely the country-cousin type that j I-could never have been anywhere else—in Hondon, for instance," she remarked, -with j a quiet smile. " By no means," lie answered. " Bnt that does not shake my absolute conviction that I have never met yon before." " Well, it was only a suggestion," she said, "and was made solely for the purpose of trying to find a reason for our friends' refusal to introduce yon to me. Which reminds me that the said introduction is incomplete. Tou seem to know my name; doubtless it is one you have heard before; but I am yet in ignorance of yours." "My name is Bobert Hatton Grange," be said, watching ber intently to see what effect his words produced. Iiuckily for Mary she was at that moment looking at something at the other side of the room. She started visibly, and the warm blood rushed into ber cheeks, but, by a graat effort, she managed to keep her eyes away from him for a few seconds, while she recovered herself; then turning slowly towards him she said— "I beg your pardon; I did not quite catch the name." He repeated it, admiring her self-posses sion the while. " Are you any relation to the writer of that name?" she asked. In spite of her calmness, so astounded was she, that it would scarcely have added to her surprise had he claimed the closest kinship with that gentleman. '• Well, no," he answered. " To tell yon the truth I am carious to find out some thing about that mysterious individual. As far as I know I have not a relation in the world named Grange, and yet you would have thought that scone but a relation would have had exactly the same name. I have been travelling about for ever so long, and bad never heard of him till I got home lately. I was pretty soon made aware of his existence then, though." "Were you mistaken for him?" asked Mary, beginning to be amused at the queer position of affairs. "I should think 1 was," Mr Grange replied, with a rueful laugh at the recollec tion. " I was not at home a week, and I spent the whole of my time in vainly assur ing my friends that I was not, never had been, and had no intention of becoming an author. I did notmeetasinglecreatnre who knew him personally, so I had no one to help me in my endeavours to make people believe that it was a mistake. Indeed, I am here to-night under false pretences." <• How is that P " " Why, Mr Stone saw my name in the visitors' book at the hotel, and made my acquaintance upon the strength of it. I assure yon that I did my utmost to con vince him that I was not the man he took me for, but he refused to believe I was seriouB, and at last I gave up. So here I am, under my own name, but not in my own character; a modern instance of the ass in the lion's skin, I fear. I thought they must be beginning to suspect me of being an impostor when I could get no one to introduce me to you." "That is easily accounted for," said Mary. " Mo one here has ever seen him, but they all know that I am personally acquainted with the other Mr Grange. Otherwise, no denbt, I should also have fallen into the popular error." " Ton know him!" cried Bob, with well feigned astonishment. "You do not mean to say that I have really come across some one at last who actually knows him? I hope yon will tell me something about him; I aeem to have got so mixed up with him lately that it will be quite a relief. But please do not betray me for this evening; they might suspect me of a design upon the family diamonds, and turn me out. At an earlier stage of the enter tainment I could have borne Buch a fate witb resignation, but now that I have a chance of really enjoying myself, do not let the name that was the means of my presence within these hospitable doors be the cause of my exile." Mary was troubled; it had never oc curred to her that there could .exist any one bearing the name she had chosen for her disguise, and she felt almost as if she were talking to a ghost. " I will not betray you," she answered at last, gravely. . "I cannot quite understand it though; I never heard of any one of that name—any one else, I mean." "Nor I till your friend took to writing books," he replied. " Do you know him well ? " " Yes, very well indeed." " Ah i then why should we not, just for j this one evening, pretend that I am your j friend?" he suggested, regretting the! words almost as soon as he had'uttered, them, for she coloured furiously, and though she was happily not aware of it, he' 0? course knew perfectly well the cause of her confusion. For the moment she did not know how to reply; knowing how popular report had enlarged upon her acknowledged friendship with Bobert Hatton Grange, she could not quite do as. he proposed,.and yet Bhe did not see how the matter could in any way be explained. " I think the best way," she said, " will he to leave things as they are, and say nothing at all about it, as it is only just for to-night. I can easily put it all right afterwards if it ib necessary." "I wish it were not only for to-night," i exclaimed Boh, feeling an unreasoning dis- j like for the other fellow, to whom, of [ course, she was engaged. ' At this moment Mrs Stone joined them, I and began at once, with a knowing smile— "Ah! Mr Grange, I see yon have done without the introduction yon were so anxiously asking for, after aU." Mary sincerely hoped that her new acquaintance would not detect the mean ing of the smile or of the remark that followed. " I said nothing of yonr arrival even to Mary, because no anticipated pleasure comes np to an agreeable surprise. But I assure yon, I was disappointed that " " It was very kind of you,, Mrs Stone," Bob interrupted quickly," to have been so considerate of my wishes in regard to my presence not being announced. Miss Smith was kind enough to dispense with an ordinary introduction." "Yon surprise me," cried the jovial lady. Of course he knew to what his hostess alluded, but he saw that Mary was getting nervous and uncomfortable, so he tried to start Mrs Stone's ideas in another direction. "I hear that yon have received some very beautiful presents to-day," he said. " I hope you are going to allow us to see them. I believe it is usual upon such occasions to do all you can, to induce your friends .to break the last commandment." " Certainly yon may see them," she re- ! plied; " they are all in the library. Our friends have indeed been most fund abd generous. I am not sure that their gifts are not more numerous and valuable than on my real wedding day, five- and-twenty years ago. But you cannot go and covet them just now, for I have come over to ask you to take Mary in to supper. By rights you ought to have fallen to my lot, but I will be generons for once, and waive my right in favour of this young lady. I hope you appreciate my self-denial." " So far from self-denial, one can easily see that you are prompted by the fear of being bared," he answered, laughing. "But with so many older and more im portant gentlemen present, I should have been much astonished if you had accorded me the honour, though 1 need hardly say that I should have appreciated it deeply." " A very charming way of saying you | prefer Miss Smith to Mrs Stone," laughed the lady, as she left them, to go and pair off her other guests. " Whatever the manner of saying it, the fact remains," observed Grange, as soon as she was out of earshot. " I hope yon are not sorry that my supposed friendship with yon has procured me the pleasure of sitting next to yon at supper." " If you expect me to make yon a pretty speech, I fear you will be disappointed," said Mary, demurely. " I suppose that if I had particularly disliked having you for my companion, I could scarcely have in formed Mrs Stone of the fact." " As I am sure you would not have said that if you had objected, I am satisfied that yon do not," he answered, as he offered her | his arm, and they joined the stream going snpperwards. (To be Continued). 