THE DEFIES- i np BF X FITZ&EEAXU; l®>3 Author of "An XhcceOent ! Game lie Dead;" y? A Ji -On Wheels of Kre,""Ti»e l<ady iBlessingtoh,"; f.'The I2£e n • .tores of Peg WofBngion," s f p oafs• <1R APTTT.B. V V4ir-' h ' Three months eubsoiiuent to :the which declared £imsdf . .td:i^ Oriana to become his wife, .. and for. three months more tpverItaly. Fromthat eventful night whoi th 2 gtsaidroooi no Reference was 11 toi wbatlad passed i»tweea Jiaifc bis* ever liiuted at the ^crtfioe hel,, Jiia^ happiness for riie sake of |ttx^|oi bora ® film, and that she who frea . from rpproach and di? oceaA ina-Uy thoughts mine ^ joyous less that, might bave'beeaS shared by anothfir, he turned' loyally-* » face ius duty, and to" t meat in'' the lot which he nutrkeda stfor him. To Ori» na bis manner was his thoogl it for bor comfort generosity towards her reached itself; in a 3- things his own wi aside that in ^ra might be obeyed.' looked on ad mired his deyotii " Jated Qiiana. on his affection. , _ Perhaps ebi alone XBalaedthat neas lacked tl lit one responune which nothing eke coald cbmf loved him wit»i all her souIji^XLtt unloved; a kna fledge that|>roTOdj that ladied bci ieart every—-— existence.- Thatfhanoghtohum mm as the world,' JMaEjb^^lj^ n t^fi'heEseu'J^at aa> affection so. _ must extracfc alike Ceelihg from' ifie which it wai given; but ira i and hor inabiStyto B»in hialo apparent, tht> ecourgt) ^r&w; Beperra^in^ inRS, and sobletSing like despjur-j Ol^ly woddtieliavegivea^' ~ her remaining; life if only for a* mifrht see in'Vtia eyes, shemifclips, the prasen 1? of thatrespona • was her sole des ire- - / It was whilst ithey -were stay that Eigel b^aa .to notice a ce] ness iu his wife's tastes that waa ^amAr d isSc t iTf a^ ^G oae who Bhaakfivm all things lo associated a One afteniodn'ti »ey -risitedtha A chapel of the <^ nichin. 5nonaste:_. th Fiazza Barbetini, i rhere dieinter^d n of monks aro displi yed; their " o grinning from bet >eath tbei , shrunken arms folded inan eterii»l£tiS«3£<>f J prayer,- their nxtim habits hiding awcm said thigh bones. Ai xnioid and . tho little chapels win Jro theyi are innumerable boa ss,-forming 3 devices by being presaid into fr«sh To Eigel the whole- display, tiibqghlm!|iib b ' way inodorous, was repvlave andtehadiy^ind rewiqat he hastened into the frenh side whilEtt Onana raturued ajgain i ^ i^am to stare At some speaimmi ok -writh " " humanity, or gaze in admEsliam:||gij intricate decorations.made.foamfia^Br^mjes. On joining him she expressed hear jntense{interest at this aght and her desjEMfflSajSttni some odn^r. ' : tp'&SStl;' a Wlien viaiangthe Gatacombv wHidi BSgel im would have avoided, the. same tanfjyU^zed her to examine wery decaying object,iiGifflid!es t in hand they entered the sabteri»neanvjKiBsages. black'aad winding, from wtich''3iiiin- ftmobtwt b merablB alleys branched on Sae^tbe atmosphere hearty with damp, th&rfiay;^der foot chilling tbsm, thefr ehouldeia ;' : toit3uiig stone coffins or niches where boruailmSiirBds of years old, of unknown persona, n»wiiaK^ to dust in those cavoms that are duty wplafeed br tho morbid to the profit of <j£eir'4pn|todians. • . ;• Such places axercised an une«my- faaeinatioa for her, prevent her zstranung-to qwksdmtdst d them repeatedly he left Borne weeks,Sotmer than he had originally intended. ja*£3anBce, where they necrt stayed, such notainongst the attractions of tiietabpLiaod he hoped that tho interest of its arisfwpuld banish her newly display^. • moriSdness. This, however, showed itselfwhea opportunity offered, _ . though .. - in a, new direction. J ' action. •:Jm®ti One Sunday ambling the emUtoideines. pettnmery^iaud fancy work displayed in gaily-decked, Jahternlit booths surrounding the Bttptrabyv^ev R F caught sonnd of a woird monotf^usvwail, above the^din and laughter of the crofnl^and s locking down the street from wtrera;it <5ame, tm they caught sight of a bier boriie Vty lhe brothers of the Missricordia, wearihg bliok habits, peaked above the head, andFloSblv c covering the face and form, having great boles Virough which tho weareiS*^ jstfnld gaze. Ea?i brother grasped a huge taper that liamed against the night, and lit the eh&jtly; burden in their mid«t. " ^ • Without a word Oriana rushed forward .slid joined this sad procession, following it uatil it reached the gloomy little chapel wUnsiiho remains were left for the night. As she3iaane out her face was pale and exated. and lor a. second her eyes rested on Rigel as if liiey failed to recognise him. She seemed unavraro she had done anything that grated on h;m, and he mado no remark tbat betrayed ilia repugnance at Ifcing foroed tp t^ffi paitSn ihis Eoectacle- "It was while staying at Bans on.Hi|ai^ray home that for the first time he sefuBed a request she made bim;: this, being^ that 'ho' would take Jier to eee tbe morgue^the spot to wbett &ejwnsless; dead awtaksn.'l^rt ^eyJ^ nay await recognition. In all the years he ad spent in Paris Ripol had ncvor visited the lace, towards which he had ever felt a repnlion; and itborritied him that his wife should ehow&uch; morbid curiosity. Oriana did not resa'the point, but found an opportunity to rive alone to the morgue noxt day, and on hor retum aho told hhn where she had been, and crpuld have described the ghastliness of its ights had he permitted her. ; Adread of this unwholesome condition of er mind disturbed him, and ho becan to fear it might be increased by her residence in [cliffe Castle, a place to tvhich past centimes had -seemed to impart their gloom, nd -that must be inseparably associated in her ind with the man she was to have married. t ali events both agreod that soon after their eturn they would aak Lady Trcntham and George Sedgcmoor to stay with tlicm nnng April, and that in the following month hey chotild take s house in town for the eason, T\\-hen Oriana wonld be presented at eourtj inSrodueed to society, and establish a ircle of her own. On their reaching home they had been enhusiastically greeted by the tenants, with rbom Rigrel had become excessively popular. he carriage had been drawn by relays of men rom 'the railway station to the Castle, and d under triumphal arches to shouts of me from crowds that lined the way. And t nigbt bouSres blaced upon the hill sides and n the vrileys, where maids and men danced Jtoltbe soundstof fiddles and flutes. Only the ©evil'fi Head was allowed to remain in darksness. Tho engagement of Rigel and Oriana had jopme to most people as a surprise, but it brought perplexed and troubled thoughts to eorge Foulsham," the gamekeeper. Whilst he remained , . in . , the . - presence , , „ and .under the muuence of iiigel, he had allowed himself to be persuaded it was not Miss Clay- i Polehe bid beard screwn or had seen hurrving through the park on the night <tf Sir Philip »> death; jet on thinking over the matter his iJd conviction of her identity returned. For] what purpose, or by what accidcnt slie bad Jiesn abroad that night be could liot toll; but lie felt certain he had seen hor. Beyond that PO'ut be did not permit his thoughts to (venture- unfJ news rcaehed him of her Sippioaching marnaga. Then his mmd snot onwards towards suspicion. i/j By-rbir Philip s ceith slie had seemed to forfeit the position aud wealth her marriage with him wonld have secured hor, but events ishoived she would not bo a loser, whilst it anight be she would be a cainer by marrying a 'man, she liked better than the late baronet. f oetter tnan tae law oaronet The argument that Sir Rigel had '^'limpressed on Foulshani, alsham, of the pros^ct of her sses being sufficient to prevent her being , ccountable for Sir Philip's death, no lon^r j eld ground. AVas it to hor Sir Ragel o^ed , e.wealth and position he otherwise might everhaveobtainrf, and if so waa he aware ( flus indebtedness? To Foulsham s eyes a mysterv seemed to ., ^ST over the tragedv of Sir Philip -s death ^ nd the conseqnonces that followed, a mystery • hose darkness he shrank from helping to ! lear bv declaring what he knew. Come what j ight he would keep his oath. a But little by little arose in his mir.d a I orough dislike of the place that continually j h eminded him of ntertained of a master hom his duties would continually brintr him nto contact, and eventually lie'dociued to a uit their service and take himself a way from ll that would recall to his recollection the I ragedv of tho Devil's Head. j For some time bo looked out for a situation s gamekeeper, steward, or farm bailiff, but J n days of agricultural depression aud curtail-1 ent of expenses such were r.ot to be had for he asking. A Ifcster from a friend in Canada ad. mentioned the advantages offered to armers in that country, and had introduced he idea of emigrating to Foulsham. The ore he thought over this plan of leaving the ld place and beginning life in a new land the etter he liked it, tha great drawback being that he was without the money necessary to work the land which Government ivould allot o emigrants. This seemed to end his plans, until after eliberation lie resolved to ask help !ro:n a uarter where from the first he lieliei'ed it would bo . obtainable. He had faithfully kept his oath to Sir Rigel and would remain ilent to all unconcerned with Sir Philip's eath, nor would he act t'nu part of a Hackailer; but at the saroe time he would accept he reward of his loyalty, and onee £cr ail havo one with the place and the people whom his uspicions, well or ill founded, had made inolerable to him. It was during his master's honeymoon that oulsham came to this resolution, and on Sir return lie intended to speak to liim whenever opportunity offered; though Foulham could not conceal from himself the fact hat there was something about h in master that ade it difficult to broach this subject to him. Rigel had been home souk- weeks, and the hance never came, nor did Fouls ham seolc it, for that, he assured himwlf, would .seem too deliberate a means of bringing about atopic that he wished might naturally arise from ordinary" conversation. Whilst he was still waiting to speak to Rigel he one day saw Oriana walking alone in the park, on which it occurred to bim to lav lus case before her, whom it mo--; concerned, leaving her to decide whether she would repeat h:s words to her tiu.sbar.'l or keep s-.lent^ Suddr- nly reioivia^ to adopt this course) and rid himself cf ah unpleasant task, he set out to ovort.ikc lii-r; so that in this manner, aud seemingly by accident, occurred au incident that deeply impressed Oriana, and indireotly brought about unforeseen results. As the gamekeeper gained ground sho heard his footsteps, and turning waited for him to pproach. .Neyer sinoePhilip's death had she seen Fonlsham without recalling his evidencei at the inqueat. She laiew he'had been in the ] park and. had heard her scream, but she ] thanked heaven he had not identified her voice with, the cry, or tracked her to her home. When possible she had avoided him. as one might something that was disagreeable, and now that he appeared deliberately to seek her she watched him "with surprise. To : all dependants her manner was invariably j polite, nor.was it now an exception to the rule. As he came near he saluted, and then stood 1 still. " Beg pardon, my lady," he began. " What. is it, Foulaham!" she enquired, striving to conceal her surprise. Brought to the point suddenly, ho hesitated, and then blurted out:— "It's just a little matter about which I thought of troubling Sir Kigel or your iadvship. I have made up mr nnnd to leave the country and i go to .~ rt Canada. It disturbed her that he should think of telling her this, until she found relief in the surmise that ho needed assistance. Of this, however, she was not quite sure, and waited to hear if her idea was correct. " I am sure Sir Rigel will be sorry to lose you," she said. "' Thank you, my lady," ho answered frankly. "You see the Government gives a grant of land, but without capital to work it the farm is useless; and as I have supported my father and mother for years I haven't been able to lay anything aside." His straightforward manner pleased her, and she felt relieved in thinking her supposition was true. "You want Sir Eigel to help you?" she suggested. I "Or your ladyship." " MeV'she said, something of astonishment : anfj £ear jn j,er vojee_ H o merejv noaded his head; tho most diffi- | cul!; part 0fh;B plan ba(1 been reached. Then as slle fiss(1 her'eyes watchfully on him, he saj,j ..j kar(jjv to mention it, but I have done your ladvship a good turn, and if vou ' woulti do tije ^ne bv me, whv then we should jj0 n,,^ " " j A s i n a fia.,1, the picture of that fatal night ! r03e bl,fore hel. in ali its ^read and darkness . aud <:truck dismay into her heart. Hope j came a second later, and suggested that her ; fears were exapwrated, if not ^romidless. j "What service have you done me?" she ! ^ ^ jn a ^.akinL' voice. i ! "I v.as in tiie park that night. J heard in crv out. I saw vou hurrv away, and ; j up vour handkerchief; but I hold mV tonSae at the inquest; I not the « Vjrintr'tro-dWe ou anv I womaa h; finUllefl, ]ooked at hcr sivlv, wbcn j , k of l,orror on her wWte facQ ;viti, Hs . f ^ h ; t, d hi Sovcr fcad !le ^ suci aQ expression of abject tervor on , d w , thought came , {e„r as tl)1;i rau!d oniv , Hcr next words con- _ . . . brmedti.at opinion. a , What else did you see. What el?e.' she sked, her voice vibrating wi.,h droadiul agitaher first thought i.ad not been for erself, but of lum she loved. It I oa!=ham s t the mercy o. this man. Foulsham had unconsciously drawn back a step; a seared expression in his eyes. In answer to her question ho declared lie had seen nothing bui what he had mentioned, She did not believe him at first, thinking he denied having seen the struggle through _ some duplicity she could not then fathom, for some purpose ho would later make plain and profit by, not realizing that Foulsham attributed her feverish questioning and her disturbed appearance to her fear for herself, and lest he had seen that which she dreaded to havo known. "Tell ma all, all that you saw," she.commanded. "I saw nothing but what I have told you," he answered. She caught at some accent of truth in his voice, but discredited her perception in this moment of disturbance. If his :;tatomeni; were reliable, what an inexpressible relief it would be, forltigel would then be free from doubt or accusation. "Where were vou at the time—the time you heard the cry?" sho asked, her voice shaking from agitation. He mentioned a spot from where she knew it was impossible to see the Devil's Head, iras probable that ha had not seen what had happened there. Her thoughts being wholly occupied by fears for hor husband, she failed to :-ee that her enquiries pointed to her own guilt. Aud it never occurred to her to deny that she had been m the park that night, to persuade him that it was some other figure than hem that he had seen. " flr.vc you told many people you saw me?" she a-ked? " Only one." " Who was that?"' "Sir Rigel/ 1 . "Sir Rigel," she repeated incredulously. " Yes. I told hnn abous it ot; the night of tlie inquest: for 1 wasn't suro I had duiie right by keeping silent." From this it w.: etoar Foulsham had r.ot seen ' 1!' struggle, and did r.ot suspect her hus- Umd of h.aviug p!a>ed any part in the tragedy. Here iv.as rt-rraiii relief, ii.ilowcd by surprise that. Rigel had not mentioned t.his to her, and by the c.nvK-t.'nu u. r what she had frcouenrlv su^P'jeted, that Srriia the first he had .surniitud she was aware of his eonneet-ioa v. ith Pr:i!ip's death. " Sir Rigel,''said Foulsham, aftor 3 pause, strove tn persuade me it was some one else I had heard and seen in the park, and made 7n<% swear I would not r.peak of the matter to any one. I have kept- that oath." "He made you take an oath," she said, her face expressing gratitude for the thcujrht and concern shown for her reputation, an expression which the man who saw it mistook for relief on hearing that hor secret was safe. d "Which I have kept," he repeated. In speaking to ber he had unconsciously dropped the address due to her title, for in the tragic importance of their interview class distinctions were forgotten; they saw and spoke to each other as man and woman. "Yea, ves. You havo been discreet,"she replied, her eves still full of painful anxiety, her mind unaware of the inference of guilt contained in her words. " I owe you a grcot deal, moretban money can repay." Slie paused as if considering, and then asked, " How much do you want?" The question . brought his position home to Foulsbam, a position v.mcli as au honest mii: he detested: but one to w.iich, he told him self, necessity neeessitvmade him hmi bond. " I am not a blackmailer," he answered, quickly. " A blackmailer." The word sounded unpleasantly cn her cars, and the meaning it carried startled her. Looking quickly iuto his eyes she saw what had not before occurred to her," that this man believed her guilty of Philip's death. Kothinj could persuade her to the contrary; it was plain to sc-e in his face. The thought horrified and revolted her, and she was on the point of protesting her innocence aud persuading him of his mistake, when she remembered that if she removed his suspicion from herself it might possibly fasten on Iiigel. Better she should suffer thau that this man should ever got an inkling of the truth. 1 am not a scoundrel," Foulsham was saying, "who threatens or wants his silence bought. I don't care to know what has happened. All I say is, if you think I liave be haved well, give me freely without threat or fear a token of your goodwill, with which myself and those belonging to me may begin a liew life in another country - ." " Forgive me," Oriana began, repentingly. " It's all right, you didn't understand perhaps others wouM behave differently, but I come of an old stock and can't do _a dirty act. Ivow you i:nciw me." Ho was surprised to see a look o? profound melancholy in hor face, insttiad of the relief he expected his words to produce. .Meet me here to-morrow," she said, calmly, "and you shall have my gift. \ou may accept it- for what it will be, a free offering of goodwill." As she turned away he removed his cap and remained uncovered. The look of .sadness in her eyes appealed to and touched bim. the dignity of her manner impressed him, and as he watched her lie v/ondered if after ail his uspicions were unfounded, for he could not at that moment imagine her guilty of crime. l wbim t CHAPTER XXIV. IX THE XIGET T1Z-:F_ Whilst returning to the Castle, Oriana thought over what had just happened, and felt moved with a misery such as she had not suffered for months. For this conversation ! brought baek wish startling vividness the tragedy of Philip's death, the remei.iuiance of the suspicion she had att;v.'iied to the man she loved, the reeolleetion of the almost unendurable terrors from which she had suffered so long. Moreover, she believed that Foulsham associated her with a terrible crime. There was no mistaking iiis me.-.niiig. Nor were his surmises unreasonable. He had liear.l her cry out, lie had semi her hurry away that memorable night, a::d like f.11 who knew her, lie was aw;«.rc that lat^r on ?-h:s had lost none of the advantages that a marriage with Philip would have secured her. All lhat was plain : what remained o!_i=cure was whether Fo;il.-?ham consiticrcd Kigel, who had profiled so much by Philips death, had csnnived at it, leaving her to act. This insidious doubt roused a'A bor nervous fears afresh, and sarved as a theinc for increased self-torture. Foulshaui seemed honest; but how long would he remain io? Ho had taken an oath to keep sjler-t, but wouM he so mo day break it? If he failed to prosper abroad v. ouid he return to ha iut her, to menace, to demand? Th« wonder was that othere—gamekeepers or labourers, those v.-ho by incident or occupation had been in the park that night—had not seen li«r. 3'or all sh? i:n-:iv soiae cue else had v.-atclied her, aud w-juid iu time start forward to accuse h«r- There was really no security for her so long as lifo lasSea; she daily walked pon a mine that might explode , 1 at i'^meut. "si:--! was liauiited by a thousand i threatening thoughts, tha* bev.o!dered her until her pulse throbbed at fever pitch, and she: began to experience that sickiy. numbing pain that of old had frequently attacked har : head. From tho moment Foulsiiam spoke sho had resolved to give him all she possessed. Rigel had settled 01: liera thousssid a year, which she was free to sp^nc as she pleased. On her honeymoon her excessive generosity prevented her from touching this sum. vraich would still be to iier credit in full if her father had not borrowed from her. She had vol; some seven hundred pounds left, ana this slle would hand tol'uulsham. Though it would lessen her nervous dread*, to te!i what had taken ol.ico. vol. she defcrnuneci to knej:; .s- •;iv -.in for sho knew it Vv'onln <li ;rrf&s; iiim. :.nii she fearer! he would not allow her 10 remain under suspicion cvr n at the risk of conic'si^g what really had happened. Ar.d that must never bo known. 6he would declare iiers.-lf guilty rathi-r than allo-.v him to suifer, lor jhe loved I:im dearer th-Jii her life. At dinner that night she was without appetite, her pallor was notieuable, and it was with difficulty she subdued her nervou.-.nevs. The p'.ri.y consisted oi liers*:if aud iiigel, bis aunt, aiid Lady George "Sedj^mour. "I havo had a letter to-day," said Lady Trentham, whilst the soup ".was being served. from that erratic creature Doctor Iiickerstcth, who tells me ho has returned to tov. n, where at present there are very few of his friends, so that he doesn ; fc quite know what to o with himself." Why not ask him to come and stay here?" Rigel suggested. If it were agreeable to Oriana, I should much like to invite liim," answered the Counters, with her iviniiing smile. "My dear aunt," said the hostess, "you know how pleased we uiiould be to welcome any friend of yours." "That is most kind of you. my dear, and I will certainly ask him. Rigel has already met him ; he" is an old friend of I^adv George, and I'm sure you will 2nd him very interesting." "He is what I call decidedly breezy," remarked the society entertainer. "And now tlie question arises," Lady Trentham said, addressing Oriana, "as to where you will put him; for though he is a bachelor—poor man—it will seem comfortless to send him away to the bachelors' quarters, where he would have none of his species for neighbours." "There is the great tapestry room at the end of the corridor," replied Oriana. Yes, as he has nerves of iron. I daresay he will not object to sleeping in aliaunted room." "A hauuted room?" repeated Oriana, full of interest. I never heard it had a ghostly character, said Rigel, who strove to conceal his seriousness under cover of a smile. " Ah. you have jet to learn all tho family traditions. You might as well expect an old place like this to be without ivy .-is to be without a ghost," answered Iiady irentliam. " Have you seen him?" asked Oriana, breathlessly, her eyes full of eagorneMS. " If I had. my dear, I should not be here; tho fright would have kil!ed me. When I was a girl 1 always ran t'us door cf tho room." " You really believed in bun?" Lady George said in surprise. "I r.:-:peetod him as an ancient tradition." the Countess answered evasively. "How delighted Mrs. Ford Ghilaerbert would be to meet him." " Wliy does lie haunt this room in particular?" questioned iiigel. w h Because it was there he poisoned his brother, to whoaa title and estates ho succeeded j Rigel felt a cold thrill pass through mm, i whilst Onana held her breath, her anxiety ! inventing her from further questioning the 1 Counters. •' 1 will i>eintout his portrait in the gailrrv to-morrow," continued Lady Trentham. "He i ooks reroarkriijiy handsome, and somewhat ! icked. Perhaps it was for both reasons he b eeame a favourite with ijueeii ffikabe-.L, and t is said that like many others he spent more oney on lier than ever lie received f rom her. At all events he was deeplv in debt and was ailing into discredit-at Court v.-hsn it occurred l to hiru that he might enrich himself by poison-1 ing his L-ld.»r brother, who was unmarried. I The dose v- - as given lliin 11: his bc«r cr:e niorn- j ing as he Inv m bod by the younger brother. who witii loeked door 'listwued to liis ngoi-.ies ! until t!ie end camc. He tliea hiui- iclt wnhiu ri j vear. and iu that same room, v- liieh grew to have a horrible fascination for him, and ever since lie is said to ha;::is it. My nurse would never bo nsrsuaded that she had 110E seen hici-" What a long time his penance has lasted— over three hundred years," said Lady Geerge, laughing sceptically. "Poor spirit! Poor spirit:" murmured Oriana, earnestly. Kigel remained silent, and from that time to the end of the dinner those at t:ib!c failed to retrain the unrestraiiicd flow of their spirits. When 111010 than once Lady George broached some lively subject it fell flat and left a greater blauk; aa might, the sudden sr.uud of laughter that had momentarily startled the stiluess of a, vault. lr. tha draw::ig-ror.m Rigel and his auut played chess, Lady George sang, and O' iana read. The three women retired early. Rigel taking himself to the library, where lie intended to read for -"o'-no time. Seated in a great chair, his feei in slippers, he smoked in pen.ee- aud read with deliu-ht chapter after chapter 01" a charming biography jY.st published. Tho silence was uubrrjk<::i without and within, save by the_stri!;ingof tho tower clock, until a sudden piercing shriek was heard ringing through tho nighty Riga! recognising Oriana's .......... voice. vith horror.* 1 ""instantly h ed to his feet, but i ! lfefore he eor.M roach the door "condi shriek was heard. Rushing through the hall ' he sprang upstairs, along a corridor, aud j into oriana's room. j He was first to enter, and found her alone. wrapped iu a white dressing-gown, her hair j tossed like v.-avsr, of flame aroend her shoulder:', her c-yes wild with terror, her lignro crouobing in a -: i'-tI comer, fear expressed in overy feature and ii> every movement. "Oriana." he called on:, his heart sinking at sight of he.r. " what has happoned"." At first shu did not appo/.r to her.r or see him: her white lips were muttering ::iarechvulsively, her (;>e'4 were strained, as if seeking sumo abnonii"! i-iehr. "Oriana," he called " igain, his horror deepening. With .1 start she locked at and clung to him, just as her aui.t. Ln iy <itarge, and a eouplo of n;aiiis hurriedly entered. "I havo ssi u liim: 1 have seen bim. L.ifc liie keep near you, i-'r F fe:u- Iiiui. <Jh, Rii-c!, Rigo!, oomo Inrcwcen us. He hates mo-i »»• it 1:1 his eves." " Who?" her husband asked. "Philip. He was here; he came close to me; his "breath turned me to ice. I cannot boar to see him again—ro ⅇ his eyes full of reproach. Save Hie; keep near me; keep near ma." Rigel put his arms round her pityingly: she as trembling from head to foot, and her ands were cold as marble. You are merely nervous; you have magi nod " 'No. no," bhe interrupted. "He wa3here; I know he was here." " dear child," said l.ady Trentham. "Iam to blame for having frightened you with my foolish story." Oriana looked ait the startled, eomp.t=&ionate; faces around her, and then said gundy, pjnitentlv as a eliild— "Forgive mn for having startled you. I could noi help it, and Gcd grant ho ma?- never come ro mo again. But he was here; I know ho was here." 