ECHOES OF SPORT. THE CALENDAR. IIOBSB BACINd. . April 19— Waileend 5 entries, April 8. May 4, 6 — Tamworth; entries, April 21. ' June 21— Northern Jockey Club. CYCLING. , , March 25, 27.— Newcastle. ?.- ' April 17, 19— Moitland % entries, April 3. ?' ' ' ATHLETICS. . April 19— CaHBilisj entries, 8th April, general Ifr'a, , ' ' ? PIGEON SHOOTING. ? '/ April 8.— Sedgefield ; entries, April 3, A Sydney friond writes me to the, effect; that Huret will not bo raced again. SJDalby has been scratched for tbo Stewards' Mile, to ba tun at Canterbury Park on Saturday. It is reported tbat it ia the intention of Mr. W. '!* E. Dalcin to take up h-B reeiiienct! in Perth, ho having been promised much of the Wcstruliuu handicapping. Tho TrtBrjaaian racing maro Norft Croina hfiB been shipped l'rotn L'liinceaBuii for Melbourne. Ic is understood that ahu hus been sold to a Victorian owner at a good price.' ' . ' : ?''''. A suggestion that tbo 'schooling' foccoB at Plenaineton should bo padded on top was considered i by the V.'K.C. committee on Monday. The BUKgeB tion was regarded us a good one, nnd it was decided to act on it forthwith. it was louna cnac tnaBceepiecnuser uaiwaycouia not bo shipped to Now Zealand in time to catch the Gothic, and the son of Uoolka will therefore be sent direct tu England, He will leuve Melbourne by the Woollootuooluo to-morrow, . \ Three horses from this side have been nominated for the Longrcaoh (Q.) races, viz , Euglo, The Hall, And Coralie, and they have been well looked after :by the ? baudicappor. In the Easter Handicap' Baglo ban 10.it. 61b., The Hall Oat. 101b., and Coralie Oat, 8ib., the top-woigbt being Fred lOat. 81b. It was decided by the V.E.C. ooramitteo on Mon day thatpwnerB who have special agreements with jockeys should be required to send cOpieu of such agreements in at onoe. These agreements). under the new regulation , in regard to the., collection of Jockeys'. fees at scale, must be approved of by the V.B.O. committee. ? ' ' BMr. W. E. Boyd'a horses, His Graoe and Trioolor have arrived from Uraidwood, and have gone into W. Brennau's stable at Bandwick. . Hie Grace, who is a four-year-old brown horse by the Anstialian Peer from Penitent, won last year both at Coota inundra and Braid wood, and Tricolor (Trident — Modeaty) will be remembered as winning at Moore field on one occasion. . r' Teddy Keys has taken in hand the half-sister to Eallatinu(by Invader--I-oodee)andaeolt by Invader from Euchautress whioh ho purchased at the recent Turanvillo sule. By the way the crstwhilo black coat of Kallatina is. becoming thickly fleclmd with grey hairs, ehe apparently having inherited this' peculiarity from her dam, who was formerly raced, by the jovial Hurry Levien, M;P. The Newcastle. branoh of the League of Wheel men will be in evidence to-morrow, when a grand' carnival under its auepioea will be begun on tho football ground,. where a splendid track was so recently formed and opened. Since then special attention has been devoted to the ground, and Beating accommodation provided forseveral hundred persons. The nominations are the best ever received tor a similar gathering in the Northern riittrict, nnd thoy include, beside the EngliHh onicku Edwards and Green, many of the best ridetB in the colony. . '?„?.'??? Harry Dargiu baa decidod to try The Gun over hurdloBj bub bo far .the angular ? son of Gozobno ??;??, ' ebaped badly. He Iibb, however, u Very promising \- Bor,t'in a Turauville-bred gelding by Fusilner from Puzzle, by Grandmaster from Prudence, by 'Little ' '? John II., who looks like jumping as wul I aa bo might, '?'?:'. a» hooomes from a family that liked tin.bor, and Pub ele was hernelf a winner of hurdle races, Mr, Darwin has also a very nice chestnut colt with a good deal of . white and Sultan marks about him, by Invader, from SeaniBtreBB, by Julian Avenal from Needle, by iBylong. ? I fancy this follow will gallop. EJA mootinK of repremmtativea of the North ern,1 Nowcnetle, Wallsend, and Singleton Jookey Clubs- will bo bald at Nowon'stlo this oven-' ing to dlecusn tho ' advisableness of peti tioning the A J.O.,to tillov/ galloways to run at registered ' meetings in tho provinoes. . As tha ? A.J.O. in no way acknowledges or rocoRnisuB ' email' hor'BCB it ia vory unlikely that it will do more1 than inform tho petitioners that they will act at their own risk. 'If a Joohoy Club cannot! strugglo along without the questionable aid afforded- by' ponies and' (iiillbwayfl I. think it 1h high time thali Buoh club should give up the ghost. Wellington, who won the V.B.C. Derby in 1878 nnd tho Champion Stnltos tho following year, is v still nlivo and halo and hearty In Victoria, Indeed fi,n nU.-Rnmnn.tingail non of Panic and FroU EVou i« said to bo as elastic in his tendoiiH as u twoysar old, and hiB legs. although slightly bowed, show no algnoJ ,tho hard work h« did on tho turf. Wel lington'B pluck and vitality wore wonderful, but it Ttao curious that although ho waB unmistakably a i Punic in wppearanoe, unlike other members of tbo triliR, whioh was famouu for its jumpers, ho posi ,'. ? tivaly declined to look nt » hurdle, greatly to tho If disappointment of hia owner, who had fondly oon ! ,i ' nratiUatcd himself that ho had noort for a Grand i'-^ National. Many of Wellington's sons, however, ,y., exhibited tho family tnsto for timber-topping. '.£li Wo havu bean waiting n long time to hoar of the I - eucceBfl of the pleotrio taudmn paoor. It appears ', likely rlmt i ti - has oomn at last, for in ii reoent trial \i nt the Clifford track it out out two miles in 8 '',* i minutes 30 1!-G peoonds, ouatly breaking the oxistlni? tt'/\\. rrcord, and .covurod five uiilos in 8 minutoH 60 A', pnoondn, bronklng thn existinu rooord by 17 1-5 1 V accondaan splendid stylo. Tho mun who rodo tho 'V maoblno hftd-noyor boon on it beforo, this being ' ' their maltlon- attempt, and is is oxpuotod that it will M cover 40 miles ? within the hour with ease when ' / rlddon by men who are' ufod to it, and there ia a -' ' croat future buf.oro the machine. It) has been Irjod ifl, ' boforo in Franco, and will moBhliknly do nvhy with \t, human p»oors. The maoliino weighs about COOlb. ('', nnd is tho invontion of M. Plngnul.f, a Frenchman. Ijtyi'i ' Norton ifi ?heitlB wpll bnoitod in Nflw Zoaland for 1/ i UioLlvoipool Griind Notional HtonpleohuBO, whioh V, (will bu ruu for on:Ffldi.y. It is stated thut, a B!( commloHion wan room) Hy cabled to KiiKlaud on, \V ' Ualmlf of a ayndloalio of Aucltla.ud sporting man to W' invPBt JJIOOOon Mr. Gnll-tn'R Iioi-bo at8 tn 1 for '((Vl ' tlifl hlntoilo four and n .half uillnn ovnnfc. The dif \'jl i .' tanoo iu four uaflfiBflfiGyrmls, and as (ilio'juniiM nvo V? hisli— th(iu«h of u dlffeicnt thftraator to thono Wi i, found al) Bun^wlolr or fPlomington— Ib muy bo * ' imngluod that r horsi) ban to lm Round, Htrong, and P! HHtayor to win. Norton is htmrilaappod at lOafc ri-Htt yib,,» very hn'jidy wolght -for nuch a proved good /I1'' ono.ibut- both flt'iind wvll I think iO would bn oddn {A, \i on our old noqunintanoo Dnimlo oonoedlug him iW ' 27'b and a boAtlng. I-Jowevar, Daimio lias not uo $-:-h' fBr bocamo iiooHmntisod in HiiKlund nnd niny nob ffl' 1 fllmpn well oil I-Vidny. 'It would indeed bo ft 111'1' ulorlowo victory if an Aimtra liw horao wonth« W ' blffcest-fltooploolmno in the world, but I nm. afraid ?liV' . ,ib Id too muoli to hopo for. A nyhow, the rosult of W, !thn ovont will bo uwaitml with interest. i; W- ' nowpowwirn nnd trninm-H will ball with nloimnro W * tlin publication of the full prograin.no of tlio Tam W ' w »rtli J okoy Olub for ttn annual meet ln« on Mtiy M , fm& 0 Tu Which in printad in Hnofchor «rt; of '': ''i . ? ?-.,... local crack) and Davidson (the Hillgrove cham pion) ate matched for a jCIOO bicycle race. This is assuredly the nicest programme offered to sports men for a vory -.long time, and I heartily con gratulate the hon. sec.-(Mr. C. J. Britten) and his enterprising committee on the attractive character of it. Nominations for the races are due on April 21. Another illusion has been shattered (remarks an English exchange). Owners havo fondly cherished the belief that the so-called cups whioh are given at Asuot are really irorth their advertised value. The Gold Cup, won in 1892 by Lord Boeslyn's Buccaneer, was supposed to bo of tbe value of .£1000, but waB Bold by auction forJS1381. Owners have long been shy of race cups. 'Some years ago a well-known owner non a silver cup, value £300, at a certain meeting, where the clerk of the course (now deceased) was by no means too scrupulous in his uutiiiugg. xnu uvrner uarnea tuis piece oc piace to a jeweller in thn neighbouring town, Who informed' him that its intrinsic valuo did not exceed JE40, and that this amount was, in fact, its -market price. Next day the owner brought buck the cup, and de manded itd value in cash, which he finally obtained after u stormy scene in the course of which he threatened the C.C. with an appeal to the jockey Club. ? ' After tho handicaps I have made for that limn to be treated in this way,' was tho remark of Mr. X, who compared the ' astute owner' un favourably with Judas Iacariot and the unpenitent thief. The etenmship Gulf of Bothnia, which loaves Sydney for England .ti- morrow takes a valuable Hhipmunt of trotting and. jumping horses, the pro perty ot Mr. Horatio Bartlult, Sydney. Mr. Jiartlett, who haB already taken his departure for Eni{luud, where ho intends remaining for some time, is a trotting enthusiast, and has owned a number of good performers, including. Era, by Childe Harold frum imported Violetta,' who won first prize for stallions as the Boyal Agricultural Society's bIiow at Mooro Park, 1892, and Maid of Munster, by Mungo Park, who won first prlzo and championship on tbe following year. Mnid of Mnnuter was taken to England some eight years ago by Mr. Bartlett, and she scored several vic torieB on the trotting tracks in that country. Mr. Bartlett evidently intends to patronise tho trotting track and hunting field during his stay in the old oountrv. for tbo Bbinmcnt which troeR bv the Gulf of Bothnia inoludes the trotting horses Era (champion), Olivor Tasker (colt), Turpin (gelding), and Pilli! (uinro) ; the high-jumping mare Matilda (record 6ft. 3in.) ; .jumping mare Barbarc (record 5ft: Oin.), and jumping pony (12.3) Olivette (record 5ft,), the croBS-coantry horse Comus and another steeplechaser ; Hercules and Camperdown (heavy weight hunters; Clipper (light charger), a lady's saddle mare, and a buggy mare. ? At a recent Canning Park (W.A.) race meeting, tho feature of the programme was the brush Bteepleohane, the first of its kind yet held in the colony. The fences consisted entirely of brush, Bmull twigs being packed together to tho thickness of one foot bix inoheB, and put into the ground over a foot deep, and fastened by a batten to n post one foot six inohes high.' Nine horses Btartcd, and not a fall or accident occurred during tbe race. Granite who UBed to run in a buggy on the goldfields some time ago, and who was recently purchased by Mr. Kidman, was made favourite, and ho led nearly all tbe way, jumping in beautiful style, and winning easily. A number of others ran through tho fences, whioh closed behind thorn. The pneo was strong* throughout. The opinion of the majority of the spectators waB that tho first brush steeplechase was a complete success. Among thoBO who so ex pressed themselves were tho veterans Harry Hainos and Sam Grimwood, and although poor Adam Lindsay Gordon did solemnly assure us that No gnmo wna over yet worth a rap for a rational .man to play Into which no.daoger, no lnleliap, could possibly llnd Its way, I, for one, can find no entertainment in tbe spec tacle of brokon limbe, and dead nud dying humans and equities just because aomo of our reckless forefathers dusigned a certain stylo of Bteeple chasing and handed it down to their foolish offspring. For instance in Wynlot's year at Flomington eighteen norBos started for the Grand National, but nt almost every fence saddloB wero emptied, until only tbree horses finished, and if I remember rightly just aB many were killed. I understand that it is thp intention of thn Canning 'Park Mtewards to have tho obstacles rundo thioker for future ubo. , Thnt George Towns was determined, oorao woal or woe, to visit the old country nnd thero measure strobes with tbe boot soullers approachable aB a preliminary to taokling Gaudaur for tho ohampion sbip, was proved this morning when tho gallant ana unastiuming young Novooastrian loft his home forSydney, whore ho will join tho Nairnshire and sail tor England. Geurgo is nob going over as a first dans passenger growing fat in the lap of un wonted luxury, and he haB not asked a Binglo soul, gentle or simple, to pay hiB faro. Ho is following the example Bet by Dick Green thirty-four yeara ago and is working hia way aB fireman on board the stoamcr. Let us join in wishing that better luok may attend tbe Bunter Blver crack's efforts to win fame and fortune than did those of Green when he met Chambers on that Juno after noon on' tbe Thames so long ago, when it may bo remembered the Australian took a fib in his boat after leading Chambeia for a considerable distanoo. The English pnpurn said lt'wus enough to givoany ouo a fit to lead Chambers; but on the other hand, Green, I fnnoy, thought ho had been hoouBBcd. Bo that as it may Chambers would never' again row Green, aud so. the latter may fairly be said to have been tho champion of -the world by' default, But to revert to 'Towns i it seems that bis method of, travelling is not compulsory, for I lonrn that gocerous friends sided him financially, but ho oon Bidets that his work in the stokehole will keep him iu condition, and very. rightly so, too. When ho' readies London he will make his way to thn hotel of Tom Sullivan, the outivhilo Now Zealand oarsman, and he is cot tain to tako an interest in him. So, too, will Mr. W. S. Innea, tho great authority on aquatics, and such a fine, ' decent, good-living young follow as Towns ia will ppoodily find ndrnirorn, even if his sculling abilities are not up to what many of us think they are. Provious to departing Towns aent tbe following epistle to a Newcastle journal i — ' After seeing several letters expressing different opinions in your papor regard ing my proposed trip to England, I um inolinud to havo my eay, na I feel I am the most intorusted party in tha matter. First of all there seems to bo a difference as to whether I shall row Stanbury or not. 'Now, I think that to row him first means giving up all idea of going to' England, aB if I won I would notboablo to got any matohos thoro, pnd probably have a good deal of troublo in ar ranging n Jimtoh with Gaudaur. Thtm to look at the other side, if ho beat mo, I would get no help to iniiko thu trip, nnd so it would dnd there. Bonidps, Rtnpping to row' a matoh now 'means waiting till .next; year, whioh I do not . care about, »u what rowing I nm going to do, I want it' over aud dono with, and itsouraa to me, whlsh'evor way it gouB it will pleasa some and diflappoinb others, bo that ob I cunnot ploiiao everybody, I am going to pln'aBe myBolf, and trust ;tbnt I .'will not diBploasQ many by doing so. I intend making tho trip and doing my boat j whothor I .vin or loso I o»n do no more. If I don't) mako fcb'o vonturo now I nnvur will, nnd then perhaps nftorwards regret having let the ohanan go; by. If Loan gab n uiufoh with fion'io of the snrall gamo over there, bo muoh tho hotter. If not,1 1 will liavw to go higher till I do get iV matoh. If I boat thoir bnab man, thon' I Intend linving a go at Giutdaur, ifiho holds tho ohiiniplonBhip thnb longj and if I am fortunato onough to win nnd gob buck horo snfo, no doubt JamoB Stanbury will bo ready, onough to moot ino- then, as tharo will bo- doinobhlng moro khnn Btnlto monoy iiilt. I am going to work my pftsongo over, bo thiifc it will ooBb inn nothing to vro; nnd I ought to nrrlvo In hotter condition fof ? rowing. Hoping Mine I ahull come bank, with ^something moro sub A-jun Mill thau I go away with,'— I nm, &o.;, G, Towns, 