DRAMATIC NOTES, Plenty of changing about, but little novelty, at the principal theatres on the Australian mainland, the chief of which is the transfer of the still triumphant "Sign of the Cross" to Adelaide, after a remarkable run in Melbourne, the later audiences being supplement ed by crowd of people brought by special run in from the country districts of Victoria "The Gay Parisienne" at Sydney Her Majesty has also been withdrawn after a long run, and has been followed by another piece of the same company -"The New Maid" Bland Holt is doing well in Brisbane. and satisfactory reports come from Maoriland of Mr Brough's extended tour there. Mr. Harry Poulton, Miss Alma Stanley, and Williamson and Musgrove's Comedy Company have concluded their Adelaide season, and will now return for a brief season of three weeks to the A Victorian capital, presenting for the first time in Melbourne a novel farcical comedy, entitled " Too Much Johnson, secured for Mr. Paulton by Mr. Musgrove during his recent visit to New York. So successful has the comedy proved in America that it is in active preparation for production at the Garrick Theatre, London. Mr. Alfred Dampier is back from West Australia, and is about to commence a season at Sydney Lyceum. The Melbourne season of George Rignold is a surprise. "Lights of London" is a great draw, and the warmed up water sensation elicits thunders of applause nightly. Maggie Moore has gone through her Yankee novelties and taken to the Trilby burlesque again. Mr. A. G. Sharpe, of Concord Direc- tion, Adlington, is to manage the tour arranged by Mme. Amy Sherwin and her company. Mr, Gorlitz, who has hitherto managed the Tasmanian Nightingale's tours, is prevented from attending be the work owing to previous engagements. The tour will embrace Australia, New Zealand, India, China, and Japan. Mons Gorski, the Polish violinist, has been engaged, through Mr W. Adlington for the Madame Melba tour of the provinces in October and November, and has also accepted several big London engagements. Ludwig Fulda has just completed a comedy called "The Joy of Youth," which will be noted at the Irving Place Theatre, New York, next winter The company of the Comedie j Francaise will on their great fete day at this year a play by Leconte de Lisle, for which Jules Massenet his written the music. The play will ultimately be produced at the theatre in Paris. The Odeon Theatre in Paris has lately revived a dramatic version of the story of Joan of Arc, written by Joseph Fabre. This is the play in which Ada Rohan will appear next winter. The drama, which was written from the viewpoint of a devout believer in all the details of Joan of Arc's history, was moderately successful on its revival. It is divided into five acts, and the last scene is the sacrifice of the heroine at the stake. Mme. Segond Weber, who had the leading role, distinguished herself. Yvette Guilbert appeared as usual at the music, hall in which she is singing on the night of her marriage to Dr. Max Schiller. 'the Mayor, who performed the ceremony of marriage, made a little speech, in which he said that the singer owed her success to her intelligence and perseverance, and he concluded with the remark that although she had sung about frivolous and sometime? wicked things he was certain that she knew nothing about them in her heart. The Independent Theatre of London will again present Ibsen's " Ghosts " after an interval of six years, Maris Jokai, the Hungarian novelist, has lately written a four-act play which was acted with success in Budapest. It is a story of domestic life. A new opera was produced during July at Covent Garden called "Inez. Maude," by "Fred Regnal" - a pseudonym used by M. F. d'Erlanger, a gentleman well known in London financial circles. The composer has made a long study of operatic stage- craft, and handles his materials with the skill of one who has written 20 operas. He is fond of carrying on the business of the scene upon an orchestral figure, worked with remarkable cleverness, and sometimes with actual distinction, and the incidental parts of his score are as good as they can be. On a story of Prosper MerirueVs, MM. P. DccourceHe and A. Liorat have constructed a libretto of decided interest. The scene is laid in a Galician village in the 17th century. The reception of the work was most favourable. The 100th performance of Saint Saens " Samson and Delilah " was given at the Paris Opera House recently. After the production, a banquet was held to congratulate the composer. The Biblical opera has been translated into Russian, and will be performed in St. Petersburg shortly, with the singer Alennikow in the principal part. The Elizabeth Stage Society closed its season at St. George a Hall, London, by reviving " Arden of Feversham," one of the doubtful plays of Shakespeare. The evidence for the Shakespearian origin of this work lies in its lines rather than in its action, which, indeed, is of the crudest character, so that, if the play is indeed Shakespeare's handiwork, as Mr. Swinburne and others contend, it must be an extremely early specimen of it. The members of Air, Poet's industrious society (acted this lugubrious domestic drama in an appropriately primitive fashion. Afterwards an episode was enacted from the play of " Edward III." 