That Induction Service. (To tbe Editor.) Sir, — Your issue of the 16th instant contains a report of an induction service at Cudal, in -which the Rev. J, Alldis has made certain statements and asked, -several questions.' Witb ^our permissioij I wiH'-n-Wvor to answer apme of the questions. To do this it will be fcfccessary for me to repeat the rector. He starts by giving the date of the church, afnd after quoting, from St. Pan) to Timothy — ' The things thou hast heard of me among many witnesses the same commit thou, to °faithfnl men who shall be able to teach! others''— ^roeeeds to ask ' Wh^t, then, was the gospel the Apostles preached i' 'And doea the Church of England still proclaim itl' and goes on to say that if we study the Apoitles preaching we do not find any such phrase as ' Are you converted 1' ' Are you ?aved ?' ' Do you feel that, yo.ur , sins ai-e forgiven and that if you were to die to-night you would go to heaven V I answer yes { Tbe faithful ones do preach and teach it, no ' matter by what name they are called. The faitbful ln order to preach a full gospel mtist fireach con version sod salvation, and thipy tbat do not have hq purt with Him who Grst taught it; I do. not blame Mr. , Alldifl for nottescbing what ,he knows nothing about. Having neVer experienced conversion or sal . vation .how can he I I would Rdvise him to read' ' From Death iiii to Life /' by the' Rev. W. Haslam, who fqw years watr an earnest Church of England minister. He was one .of tbe faithful ones St, Paui speaks of. Our Saviour has Raid, Except ye be converted and become as little- children ye shall not enter into the kingdom of Heaven.' He also told Peter, 14 When thou , art converted strengthen thy brethren.' This He did just after Penticost, when' be eaid, 'Repent ye, therefore, and be converted that your sins may be blotted out.' The Philippian gaoler felt the need of being saved when he cried out, ' Sirs, what must I do to be saved.' Mr. Alldis charges people about being/ ' Inquisitors' and '? Confessors.' Let us see what the Church of England teaches in this way. Looking over the look of Commou Prayer, which Mr. Alldis uses every Sab bath, in the ' Visitation of the Sick'' we find that the sick person shall be moveft to tnake. a special confession of his Bins, after which the priest (or rector) shall absolve, him after thia manner : ' Our Lord. Jesus Christ, who bath left power to His church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and belieye, in.. Him of His great mercy, forgive thee thine., offences. And by His authority committed to me I absolve thee from all thy Bins, in tbe name of the Father, and oi the Son, .and., of the Holy Ghost.' .No.w, what , about the 'Confessor,'^ After tbe ,l Rural Dean' haa pronounced tl-i& absolution, I wonder would the sinner ' fee! saved,' and tbat if he died, would he go to heaven -jl). — Yours, etc , ' ANOTHER CONVERTED ONE. October 25, 1897. 