GRATI AS TRIALS. Bs LUOY BANDALL _COMFORT. CHAPTER VI.-(Contiu? d.) ' He struck'at me, and tried to bite ~e, and called me a nasty, mean thing. Don't look so vexed, Ira, please; I don't mind it-I would endure a great deal more for your sake, dear.' 'I'll teach him!' said Ira Kemp field, with a dark-red flush coming to his brow; ' I'll learn him he ain't to ride rough-shod over the whole house, the ill-tempered little monkey.' He strode fiercely away to the house, leaving Gratia and her step-mother looking each other in the face. 'Well, young lady,' said Mrs. Kempfield, triumphantly, for all vail of shallow pretence had long since fallen from between them. 'I hope this will make you understand that you and your precious little brother aren't going to have your own way in everything.' 'I admire the generosity aiid mag nanimity of the game you are playing, madam,' said Gratia, in a voice of 'stifled bitterness. 'I only wonder you are not afraid of being haunted by the ghost of that poor baby's dead mother.' Mrs. Kempfield started, and looked uneasily round, as if she half expected to- see some white spectral shadow hovering behind her. It was plain that Gratia's words smote upon some vulnerable spot in her armor of arro gance and ielfish coldness. Y Hold your tongue, miss, she cried tartly. 'I won't take any more of your impudence! You're too big to whip, more's the pity, but I'll have you shut up in the garret for a week on bread and water, if you dare to speak to me so again. Your father will do it, as quick' as wink, if I tell him to !' Alas! Gratia knew that her step mother's vaunt was but too true; and without a word, she turned toward the house. As she entered the door, the sound of low sobbing met her ears. ' Where is Raymond, father?' she asked of Mr. Kempfield, who sat staring defiantly into the kitchen fire, with his hands on his knees. ' I've locked him up in the lumber room,' the farmer answered. ' I ain't goin' to have this sort of thing going on no longer, and the sooner he under stands it, the better for him!' Gratia felt, rather than saw, the malicious lightnings quiver in her step-mother's eyes, as she silently passed. her on her way up stairs to the lumber-room door, whence proceeded the mournful sounds. of her little brother's wailings. 'Raymond, darling!' she whispered kneeling on the floor, with her cheek close against the panels, 'don't cry so hard; I'm here-Gratia. Tell me all about it, and don't sob so loud.' 'He beat me,' whimpered Raymond, through his tears; ' he shook me, and beat me, eister --and I'm to have no -supper !' Gratia was silent for a moment. ' What was it all about, Raymond ?' she asked, at length. 'I asked her to let me carry up the birds' nests and stones, and things that my owni mamma arranged on the shelves for me, 'cause I didn't want her to touch them.' ' But you did not tell her that ?' ' No; I only asked her to please let me take them up stairs in the little covered basket that Phoebe Ann gave me; And she caught them all in her apron, and said they were only rub bish, and she was going to throw them out of the window,' : ' And then, Raymond?' questioned his sister, breathlessly. 'I 'most forget, Gratia, I was so mad.. But I tried to kick her- and I called her names-yes, I did !' owned Raymond, with what sounded like some lingering traces of compunction. 'And you are sorry, Raymond ?' ' No, I ain't,' sputtered Raymond; ' I ain't one bit sorry. I wish I could have bit her old, ugly face!' 'Raymond!' Raymond!' remon strated his sister, secretly glad that the young rebel could see the amused look in her eyes. ' I don't care ! She told father, and father beat me. Oh, Gratia, my arm is so sore, and my head aches; and I'm so cold and hungry besides !' ' Reach .up to the top of the big box in the corner, and get one of those woollen" blankets to wrap yourself in, dear,' said Gratia, in a low voice, ' and I will see that you have some 'supper.' True to her promise, she' stole into the buttery while Mrs. Kempfield was presiding, with smiles and sweet words, over her husband's supper, and 'got some bread: and butter, a piece of apple pie, and two or three seed cakes. These she put in a little basket, and going to the outside, boldly climbed the rotting framework of slats which supported a leafless honeysuckle vine on them west end, of the house, and tapped at the window. Little Raymond was cowering, all in a heap, on'the- middle of the foor, his bright eyes shining like a squirrel's from the folds of the blanket that enveloped him. He lumped up with an exclama tion of delight as he saw his sister's face. 'Open the window, dear, and reach down,' whispered Gratia. ' Here'syour supper. Give me the basket back, and she will never know what raven it was that fed my little Elijah.' 'Oh, sister, could'nt I climb down that way ?' 'What would be the use Ray mond ?' ' Then we could run away together,' whispered the little boy, his breath short and fast, ' like the Babes in the Wood, you know, sister.' Gratia smiled and laughed. ' The time has not yet come for that dear,' she answered. 'But, never fear, Raymond, you and I will break loose from this bondage yet.' (2o be continuedl.) 