' . , T : — : Captured by Brigands. Bt EmilySfendee, iuthe StrandMagaziiie. A Jane evening -in Florence. The sun had r just eet, the Arno ran like a. river of lira heneeth; a'Saming sky ; a rosy light Holered on the heights above the city ' and on the marble faqade of San Miniato amongst ttecypresses. Up and down the -Lnngfarno. loitered -crowds of people, delighting'in the" balmy 'eir after a blazing day ; carriages .with daintily- dressed women roiled past, and the tram- cire were laden with the bourgeoisie, on1 their way to or from the Casclne, the Hyde Park of Florence. . Amidst these gay and happy people, talking, Janghiog, flattering fains, one young man seemed quite out of harmony. Hiis athletic figure . and style of dregs gave him an unmistakably' English air. He was' leaning ®h/the SraH. hla eyes fixed apoo'fln Leo wo, ' swiCtly'riiebiiig river, with p gloomy,-- abstracted -gaze ; beseemed "unconscious of the 'glowing' -sunset and the throngs tof passera-by. Presently hestirttoj-asahaodwas laid on his shoulder, and a mndcal voice ottered e-common -place greeting : "Hal- looTerd vale ! Didn't/know yon were in Florence.' ; Perci tale was just anordinary, good-, looking English lad hfone or. two And twafojjr;' , fconrat'Mnfe/ey es, sofeVas ybti my see . homed oat fry the dozen in a University town. . Bat the torayAbaddtoteb Mm was or a auterent make, i a man - wnom few peq jwldmwsin outobBervjng ufi/kpai and/bpiight, with a ktonsiErbngly/lined 1 Iatoit. flrelnhisdTkflriy.iyee, and Theeasy gncewhicomeafrbm etMnMiraTice haa" reputation of brii ccuitric hnd hnsboable. Since imf»%ai6«li >neWhatf f of«vt. ----- Speaking Italian like a native, hehad became on friendly terms with the/ peasants of. the wild and lonely eotiptry where hebad made bis home; -whilst he -was fteqnently to be met with studying -In the - picture galleries of Florence. He had little in commog -with -Hany Perclvale, hot Maurice O'Connor bad bad a liking for tin young man ever since the day he bad happened, -in a casual sort of; way, to save him from drowning when, bathing off the coast of Ischia, Harry bad been seizsd with cramp on a chilly spring day. ' I came over from England a fort- night ago,' said Harry presently, as the two men sauntered along the Lung'arno, ' and I might as well have stayed at home for any pleasure I have had.' ' Really S' and Maurice gave a quick glance Bt him. ' Anything wrong I' 1 Everything!' replied Harry, Savagely. ' That is, it'e nothing to do with me — a family matter ' and he stopped short. Let na walk on to the Cascine,' said Maurice, ready to ignore the young man's semi-coofidencc, if he wished to say no more. They went a tew yards an silence, then Harry buret out : — .- : £ might as well tell you the whole story — that is, if it wou't bore y.ou too mncb. Perhaps you can suggest some thing. I should be awfully glad if you would. T don't see what is .to be dene.' Tell me by all means, my dear fellow.' 'Well, you remember my sister Lucia; ehs.and her mother, my etep-mother, you know, wore with ine at Ischia last vear.' Yes, I remember ber,' said Maurice, with an almost impi rceptible change in his quiet voice. 'She is a dear little creature, era simple aod docile as a child. Mv step mother is Italian, yon koow, and Lucia has been brought np in a convent, and has not the pluck of an English girl, and thinks she mast do everything she is told. Wei1, it is b horrid story altoget her. There is a man named Henderson — I don't know if you have ever met him?' ' No, I think not.' 1 He is an awfal bad lot— -abont as bad as they make them ; but he has heaps of money, and is smart, and all that kind of thing. What does the beast do, hot actually dare to propose to marry my poor little sister, Lucia; and her mother, wretched woman, aids and abets him, just becinse he has a place somewhere in England and ten thousand a year — or says be has. He may be in the bands of the Jews for what I know. Lucia loathes him, 1'Jl bet anything she does, though ehe will hardly own it even to me ; bat sbe daren't call her eon! her own. . All her Italian lady friends are down upon her, telling her it's her doty, and the custom of the country, to msrry the man her mother accepts for her, and it's only those improper English girls who think of choosing a Jhnsband for themselves. Bah! It makes me sick — an innocent baby like.Lucia, jnst out of a convent; and that loathsome reprobate, double her age 1' Maurice .O'Connor's face had become very dark and grim as he listened in | silence. A year sgo, when he had met the Perm vale family at " Ischia— Hariy, the Oxford undergraduate, the portly, dark-baired, vivacious Italian step mother, and her young daughter, Lucia — Maurice had at once been attracted by the latter for ehe had reminded him of his dead wife, as Bhe was when I he had met her first/a mere, school-girl. | Lncia Perci vale had probably not hie ' wife's intellect" and strength of character, i bat there was something" in her flower- I like grace and child-like Innocence which touched the strong and tenderrhearted man. And now to hear of her destined sacrifice, one more maiden to a Minotaur, "filled him with righteons wrath. Can /yfiTn do npthihg toAtotithif mkr- riageT he asked, cooll y "enongh, for he was not a man to wear his heart npon his Sleeve. . " 1 1 have tried to' "move Heaven and earth, and it's no go at all. The Sig- nora (that's my step- mother, ,you jknow) is just like one of those great Italian mules. I wish to heaven my father -were living! I- am -confident he wonld I soon put a stop to this fcateful marriage. But what cauldo? The Signoya stormed BUU lavcuBviuHuuumjrurowvuoiflouh of the house yesterday, and forbade me to speak to Lucia again. So I jast packed np my pprtmanteen,:and watted off to an hotel. The wedding ' day Is fixed — curae .it ! and yet I simply can't go home again and leave Lncut to :h'er -fate.'- They walked some way iu silence. The street was ai m oet deserted now— the dark masses oftbe Cascioe woods loomed vaguely before them, fire-flies flashed and vanished,, and fyopi thejleafy Jewesses of the "pArk icime: tihe mlvCrytrill of a nightingale. Maurice, asked a few more questions' abont the intended marriage.. He was evidently pondering over what -Harry bad-told, Jiim, and was anxious for ail the information ho could gain respecting Mr. Render son, and Lncia'e feelings -towards 'him.- . ' Yon may see him for yourself, per haps, if you are stall living : in that out- of-the-way place of yonrs in the monhtains,' aud Harry. Yee, jf- Jiave come down tp Flprence only forh'bouple of. days.' oihg to Vallomhrosanext week, toatay at r ihe hotel thorn. ...;Jjoria Is qnp.ill with the worry afllll, and theidbctor -eaya die minst have nionntaln'" and so.riie and tnrdAptn<>t|ifr will remain Ihora/till ju# before , thei wedding. r Of pqvrae she is ill she accitattw lnewtotile. ghla" is Terigned' '- aMf/tod|eiiJ/llke.a ffindn ynnow guingfjw on soun «un> 'doesn't know mi the hmxpr of herfate, poor lilGe Jlnfl I have! to look onand em ijrlf l wiBh to goodpees .WC lived in the qdpds, and! -there was |ojtbfe yoong./Lpchinvar dmmnesS, and o>ir£tLer a way;-, despite ttoislLinysma wondeng if I AouMln't |nya|| but tion't quite Perhaps the bridegroort inight be 'c: - you scarce could aee for flowers,' and where silvery poplars shimmered, sloped towards a dark wood of immemorial pin & Beyond rose range after range of filmy blue hills, crowned with the faint peaks of the distant Apennines. Behind the white, green-shu! tered walls of the hotel were the tall towers and mas dve buildings of the ancient and famous monastery. Above- rose vast forests of beech and pine, climbing. -the hillside for many a - mile, along whose wild enchanting paths Milton once wandered, and where still, 'beneath the high, overarched Etrurian shades,' flow down' the brooks embanked with myriad fallen leaves. The very name of Val- lombrtst is fall of legend and romance; even thongh its monastery has become a Government college of forestry, and Its ancient hostelry a modern hotel, crowded ln.8nmmer time by English and Italians Mrs. Fercivale, a handsome, portly woman, of the Juno type which one often sersamongsttbeBoman bourgeoisie, was chattering away in English, fluently enough, but with "a most un-English accent — occasionally waving her plnmp handB to emphasize her words. Her prospective son-in-law, Mr. Hen derson, was bending over her, with an attentive air— for hie cue had been to pay. as mnch court to the mother as to the daughter, whilst inwardly vowing she should never set foot in bis boose in England. 'I hate foreigners,' he used to say. Henderson was a rather short, atont man of nearly forty, with' a sallow face and haggard eyes. Well-dressed as he was, and sourteons as be could be when he chose, there was a stamp of ill-breedine abont him, and an air of self-sufficiency which eome people found intolerable. But the Signora saw nothing of this. She had all the Italian simplicity of natnre (which is often combined with a cbiid-llke canning in little matters), and she had the warm heart aod domestic affection of her country women. Devoted to her daughter Lucia, she sincerely be lieved that she was doing the best possible far her welfare by urging on the marriage with Mr. Henderson, and that her step-son Harry was flying in the face of Providence by opposing it. Luda had bnt a small dowry, and she was lncky to have found an Engliehman of wealth and position willing to marry her. The Signora herself bad led the happiest of lives with her English hns- baud, Lucia's father. 1 If only her caro sposo were alive now, bow he wonld have rej-ioed at his little daughter's good fortune 1' ' So ready are we to believe that, the dead wonld have been on oar side! Harry and his step mother each claimed the iate Mr. Percivale as an adherent to their opposite opinions. Lncia -was a fair, delicate-looking girl of seventeen, -childish and unformed in character, bat with a sweet and siocere nature, and she might, nnder favourable influences; develop into a noble woman. Sbe knew nothing of life ; her convent was the world ; ehe was resigned to her marriage with a man ntterly distasteful to her ; all the girls of her acquaintance married men their parents chose for them. It was all the will of Providence, which allowed some people to be rich and others poor, some to be happy and others miserable ; and it was her doty to accept what God and her mother or dained for her. Life was a sorrowful mystery, she thought, and she only wished sbe might have been allowed to remain "with the" kind; gentle sisters in the convent, and escape from the terrible necessity of marrying anybody ; rrost of all this/Mr. Henderson.. She. scarcely kne w " why sbe disliked him -so mncb : be was always paying her compliments, aud telling lier how-much headoredher, besides lavishing jewellery and'preTty things upon "berg; but-drer womanly instinct revolted against the expression inim-facs' wflenriie gazed at her, and she" shuddered when lie tock her hand. ' Perhaps he has. .the evil eye,' she whispered to herself. A short respite was bow nil that wte fofC > to her. The wedding was fixed for that day week. After this evening, she wonld scarcely eee Mri " Henderson; .again " briorB' tfaat dreadful day, for tonight be was return ing to Florence tio teake the thousand and one necessaryrrangementa. - . - . Ht will benigh|; long befjpreyou arrive at Florence,' the. Signora was saying to liim. ' All vtiaf. ft flnrlr W'ml etntnMn drive tbroogh the forest < I ehndder to think of it F ' There is iotbiog to'-be afraid of, cara Signora, The- English Consul teliame the country abrat-'ktre ia absolutely safe; or else J phnnldn't yisk it Of coiirse, I-flon't beKeve what -the— — — ' natives ' he was going to say, with the peculiar contempt an Englishwoman can show wlien .speakipg of the inhabitants of -any. country faht his ij wh ; but re membering f hat j&lrf.-; Percivale was an Italian, be turned-fais sentence, awk- wrjdly, .into, I ;apht 'helieVeikhat waiters And hotel-keepers say, of csnriae.' Daring the idle dPMte that eyening, Mrs. Perrivale, who- alwaye amused "herself between the courses by carefully observing -tbegneeta, gave e jittle cry/ tjjoqkil Lucia, there iB your brother; there-iirllarree, at the end of the long; -tehle 1 iflVdid not tell us he 'was co'iniog. How glad am 1,'now that Mr. Hender- Bon ts'gbingi to'i w»6 ns. ; I do -not like being here in these mpuctains. withgu ajgeutlsmau,' and shenoddedand Btfatled " at her step-son, who returned her greet- ' ing very stiffly/ r Her volatile ' but. kindly natnre had .forgotten, all abont 1heir stormy parting ; but Harry evi-; deiSy I&Sd;'not. He TcxdEed le aud; stern, and coiianmed with anxiety; he jgiikrcely'toatl py diritier, and bdfqre "the.nieal w-aa. quite over, and the Signpra i coald sammon him;to<her wde, he hgd . vanished frbm the -room. :. i After, dinner, llr. Henderson departed ; for Flnreoceln a hired carriage and pair. He -took a tender 'farewell of Locia, 'With the wugpered ; words;' 'Only another; week,- and-we shall iiever' <part again V aUihMybiiitiie'pbotiildck with the Jane evening, ps he reclined ia the. carriage, smoking one of the choice dgals eT tonugglndflctb this4aud' i' bad tobacc". There had been still., a rosy' glow in the ndth-'irostetn 'vrhen he started; bat the<brief twilight was pass- ing,''aidd".irlfen toe toad /descended into/ the forest, andAhe-teH pinsteees stoo< ttylSigtoaa; gloom became faheirejfl./>'-Tfae -carriage )anw. SIS toadows flew past, and now a gleam Tell npon an ancient and /wayside cross of stone. At that moment the wild and mournful hoot of an owl— or what aonnded like each — rang tbroogh the woods and the driver abruptly pulled ap his horses. 'What are yon doing? Ge on,' shoutrd Henderson, in his . lame and blnndering Italian. Bdt the coachman sat still on bis box withoot replying. ' Curse toe fellow 1 what does he mean by it T snd Henderson sprang to his .feet The feeble light from the lamps showed him two dark figores standing at tbe horses' heads, men in the ordinary dress of peasant / bnt - with their faces veiled by black cgipe, which gave them a siniet -r and alarming aspect. And, then, as if they had sprang oat of the earth, four men, similarly masked, sur rounded the carriage! ' You rascals F cried Henderson, furiously, bnt turning cold with terror as he' thought, 'They are brigands, and it ie all a lis to say there are none in Tuscauy,' — 'Yon rascals, what do yon want f We want yon,' replied a solemn voice in Italian. ' The Signor will alight and come with ns.' ' I shall do nothing of the sort,' and Henderson tried to swear eod Master, l How dare yon, yon thieves, interfere I with ab Englishman? Drive on he j shrieked. Drive over them 1' Bnt the coachman never moved, and his' only answer was somitbing that ; sonnded rather like a chuckle. The next moment a pair of powerful arms pinioned Henderson, and something hard and cold was pressed to hie forehead. 'Another eonnd and yon are a dead mini' Utterly cowed, and shivering with fright, he was dragged out of the carriage, and set on his feet in the road. Etch of his arms was then held in an iron grasp, and a third man,stindiug behind him, tied a thick cotton handkerchief tightly over his eyes ; bnt not before he had caught a glimpse of a brigand stand ing t little apart from the rest — a tall powerful looking man, who wore no mask over his face. Henderson guessed him to be tbe chief of the brigands, and he gasped and stuttered out an appeal : I will give yon all I have to let me go — I have five hundred lire in my poise, and there is English money in my portmanteau ' ' Silence !' came a etern voire, and if Henderson had had his wits abont him, he might have noticed that the chief epoke with a deeper and more Roman accent than the eofter Tuscan of hie followers. We want a good deal more that that, aod we eball have it too, be fore we have done with yon. Now, qoick march !' Henderson was harried along between the two men wbo had gripped his arms. He tried to collect his senses, and to form some idea, blindfolded though he was, of whither he was being taken." The ground at first was soft nnder bis feet ; evidently it was a forest-path deep in fir-needles. Now and then came a breath of cool air, scented with pine ; he could hear a brook murmuring not far away ; there was no other Bound but the tramp of the gang who surrounded him. After about half a mile, the path began to ascend steeply, and now and again he stumbled and it-uck his feet against stones, and presently he, being ' fat aod scant of breath,' began to pant, bnt still upwards he was hurried, till at last he bemoaned himself in English — ' They want to kill me — I shall bs done for in another moment.' 'Stop'!' came a word of command from the chief in front. ' Give him a moment's real; and here, let him have a drink.' A fllask was held to his lips and he gulped down a mbnlhfol or two of wbat to his astonishment proved to be" some Of the best cognac he had ever tasted, ' Rather civil eort of brigands these, after ail,' he thought, especially as the pace now slackened and he was allowed to proceed at a more merciful fate -of speed. ' Onwards tbey went, mile sifter mile ; the air grew fresher, almost chilly, aa tbey ascended, and hp could distinguish that they had left the pines below them, and . by tiie orackliog of last year's leaves under , foot, had reached toe beech woods rm a hieher '-level' of the mountains. Tie heard streams' roshing past him, occas ionally be hoot of an owl— a genuine owl tbis time— bnt perfect, silence was maintained hytbe brigands. And now toey-had .began to descend -fapidly ; he wasgalded dowM's'dippery, stony .path, .hen to his surprise "and relief he found himself on the firm ground ofahigbroad. : Some instinct told the' prisoner that they were approaching a dwelling-house. The road gave' place to a gravel path ; there /was a faint scent of roses and mignonette in toe air, as If -a garden were near ; now be was being, led np ti me steps; he heard a heavy dote open ; he had entered,' -and toe door was Mint behind , him, with a clanging of bolts and bars. . He was harried upstairs, flight after flight ;. now he was brought into a room — ' Yon can let him go,' came toe voice of the chief— then bis .arms' were released, the handkerchief was nobonnd from his eyes, and Henderson stood breathiug'hard, blinking hie Oyos after toe darkness, - and : "glancing ' round him in bewilderment. ; . Hefouhd himself in a.small bedroom, with bare floor, and a flew . articles - of fnrnitere, cheerless, bnt spotlessly clean and a small window MrolyhsjFred. In too darkness without, It wasi.of coning, impossible to koow what /that window looked npon.- The xoom was dimly' lightad.byone ofthose brass threerWicked limps the Tuscan peasants usp. It was, all so strange— this homely room was so nnlike th® mountain cave where brigands are usual ly supposed to have their bannta." lieu aereon oegau o j i=o> <.uc veon ruing was abqrri nightmare. The .two men who had heM h® arme,-and whose crape- veiled facea looked even more orninoos In these -common-plato '/sdtTOonfflrijga, dbnrV/jtC"jhe;a\ standing Ifaeqto, fato. with top cMto/tfho appeued to disdain any disguito. w fle was « distjutshedlooking -msii; ; with" finely ' his/jjito . jtoto Wipiato, jpnd "a. pamionatagleam tohiexfarkwymwrMch wore a very ffrarious:«totoIO Hppder-' «ptokipg>Mo»ly wnddigtnictiy. , ;/You Pan anderetand me, I betitopf — 'wslll, i l Don't try to escape from this place, it is useless. "Tbe house is guarded by my mon, and yon will remain here Until it snits me to release yon.' ' How muoh money do yon want f and Henderson tried to plnck np conrage. 1 It wonld pay yon mach better to take ell I have with me and let me go. .There will be a great -row made abont yon kidnapping an English subject' ' I am afraid that is a question we are not likely to agree npon,' returoed the brigand, with ironical -politeness. Bnt I wilt not tronble yon any farther now ; we will resome our conversation another time. Supper will be bronght you presently, and I mil wish yon good night. By-the-by,' he tamed as ha was about to leave the room, 1 you cau sleep without fear - I pledge you my. word -as a gentleman — brigand,' he added quick ly, yonr life is safe if yon obey ;my orders.' Presently toe door — which was guarded outside by the two brigands who had Jed Hendereon hither— the door opened again, and an old ' peasant woman, with wrinkled face and grey hair, covered by a yellow kerchief, enter ed, bearing a plain hat substantial meal, half a cold fowl, a loaf, and a bottle of vin ordxnaire, bnt — humiliating detail— the bread and meat -were cut iu email pieces, as if for a child ; no knife was allowed him. . Henderson addressed the woman eagerly : ' Buona donna, tell me where £ am.' Bat she ooly shook her head, Baying, ' I understand no English,' a bad com pliment to Henderson's efforts in Italian — and setting down her tray, ehe left the room, and the dour was promptly locked and bolted on the outride. Foot steps went down the staircase, then all was profoundly still. His long march through the.forest, his fright and anxiety, had thoroughly .ex hausted him, aod he ate his homely meal with unusual relish. He fonnd his door conld be securely bolted from the inside, and this, combined with the brigand's' promise (murdering villian as the man might be, Hendereon somehow felt con vinced he might trust bis word), this made a certain .sense of rest and comfort steal over toe prisoner when his hanger and thirst were appeased. The whole adventure eras so odd. : Here was a brigand living in a fairly : comfortable house, able to allot his prisoner a bedroom, with dean bed, waihstand, towels, even a looking-glars, jnst as if he kept an inn ! Why did they not tske hie purse I But a dreadful p re sent i meat made him shiver — if tbey thas scorned to rob him of mere trifles, it meant only that a ruinous ransom would be demanded in exchange for hie liberty and life. And then he began to rage against the whole country — toe Govtroment which eras powerless to put down brigandage, the officials who were in lesgne with the -brigands, the English Consul who had deceived him by deny ing their existence- He tried , to com fort himself jiy wild threats of what he ' would do when he was free again : the Ambassador wonld be appealed to, an international matter made of it, And tbe Italian Treasury forced to pay him ex emplary damages. Then, somewhat tardily, he began to think of Lucia. 'Good heavens f and he tarped quite cold — 'suppose these blackguards keep me here over the wedding -day, aod refuse to let me com- . municate with the Percivales ! What is to become of me ? Nobody will have the ghost of a notion where 1 am.' Extreme -fatigue and tbe death-like silence aronnd him had their effect upon him, however, and be slept soundly till after sunrise. Then he sprang np, and, fall of cariosity as to his wfasreabonts, he went to the barred window. He looked down some thirty feet npon a strip 'of grass,' then came a dense wood of pine trees, amidst which he conld hear a river mnrmnring far . down below. A low range of grassy bills, now golden-srith -flowering broom, rose steeply beyond the pine wood, shotting out all distant -new. There was not a 'sign of human presence, not a cloe to tell , him where he was. Only, as these hills wore now bathed in moriring sunshine, he- knew that .his window looked towards/ the west. ... ' , And, to bis amazement,- three- days passed away in- this room, without hiB -seeing a living '-criatnrek-cxcant toe old- woman who broogbt-hiamrals and made- 1 his bed. ' Tell yonr piaster I wish to j speak ti biro,' said Henderson, impati ently. . ' Why does he leave me here .like this !' Bat tbe old woman .only ehook her head as before. Tbewtoriness of those three days was indeswibjfbl''. He bad nothing to do bnt smoke and -read over again onexr two Tanchnitz novels which he happened to have "in his portmanteau- He tried ehbnting and banging at the doorof bis rooni, bnt .without the slightest resnli; except that, the armed brigands who always guarded the entrance whan toe old woman bronght him food roughly told him to be quiet, or he would repent it. All the time he was maddened by the thought tost the week was speeding on, tost nothing -Was being done for his release, and that the twenty-sixth, toe day fixed for his -wedding, was Arar at hand. . ' ' _ , . Abont five o'clock on the fonrth evsn- ing of his -imprisonment he at -last heard footsteps approaching, which he rightly guessed to be /those of the chief. "'He entered, with a great-rattling of keys mid bolts/and -behind him came twomf his -firifewefntmsil with revolvers, %nt also with ; mote ; peachfdl weaphtam--faii to' bottle aud a tfaiting-case. -Hendetoon'a heart beat fast ; some crisis in his fits was -evidently Apprratoinjg.-- In his excited ' State, toe , chief / ldoked to him ; more/ commanding end!;ferociona than ever. - The brlgand"bowed in a stately manner and v " 'As! do notAidi yoar;frtends to be nuAiuuo t auuut /UU| IUU' (lUVir eccfiiug might inconvenience m«, i have to re- qaeatynn, signor.to-wrilea totet letter to toe'Siguota Percivale. Yoa see, I koqtr all abont yon. We have": plenty nf 'Iritoris/apfl:. allies , of iBSmriwie.; / V,Vl ; w ' Gertainly I-sriU write toher,'xeq>lied Henderton. -wlth ! alacrity- It %M|ast/ ! ' B«t undMpto;viw, i«giifflr-ryon, -will have itbergoodnessato .-write ifli lettsrlrote toyflictatihn-toatli-I'toall jpyonr >etom.:fQi/|)paBheAWji; I fan1 rfad yon will not add anything of yonr own ' composition. Do you noderstaDd me ?' . Henderson thought he did, only too clearly, and hie face fell. Tbe ink-bottle, pen, and a sheet of paper were then, in obedience to a sign, placed upon the table by . the brigands, and the chief and bis prisoner seated themselves. ' Now begin,' said tbe former, and he dictated the fallowing words : — . 1 Dear Mrs. Percivale, — I mncb regret to tell yon that circumstances have oc- enreed which will prevent my being able to fnl6I my engagement to marry your daughter, Miss Lucia Percivale, -on the 26th instant. This; my intention to relinquish the honour of her haod, is irrevocable. So I beg you to forget that each a person baa ever . existed as ' Your obedient servant, ' Jakes Hendebson.' It was too mnch. His terror lost in fnry, Hendereon threw down the pen and sprang to his feet, choking with corses. ' Yon scoundrel, do yon think yon are going to treat an Englishman like this ? I defy you — you aud all your cut-throats —I defy you to make me write a black guardly letter like that !' : Yon will change your mind to morrow,' returned the chief, coolly. ' Here,' he raid, turning to his meo, 4 blindfold him, and take him down to toe dnngBon.' Accordingly, the two men again laid hold of the wretched Henderson, who kicked and fohght, aud all but bit, but was quieted down by a farther anDiica- tion of the revolver to his forehead. Downstairs he was dragged, without another word being spoken, down flight after flight, the last steps being of slippery stone ; he felt a damp, chilly atmosphere snrronod bim, and when the bandage wsb removed from his eyes, he found himself in total darkness. A heavy door was slammed upon bim, a grating key was tnroed in the lock, and he was left alone with his helpless rage and mortification. All sorts of terrors pursued him in this awful gloom — rate were the least of them — the thought that be might be forgotten, might be left to die of star vation, tortured him. He raved, he swore, he was all bnt delirious. As night felt, a faint ray of moonlight shone through a narrow slit of a window high above his head, dimly revealing a square room, with damp, fungus-stained walls, and floor earth ; in one corner an empty packing-case littered with straw, in another, some empty bottles. The dungeon looked uncommonly like a wine-cellar without tbe wine, and the grneaome idea occurred to him that perhaps the brigands had broken into this lonely honse snd murdered its pro prietor, aid had now comfortably estab lished themselves here, instead of iD one of those denB and caves in the mountains which, according to all conventional notions, was their fitting habitation. The intolerable houre dragged on ; Henderson seated himself on the packing- case, and rat shivering aod bemoaning. hlmBelf. He thought once or twice of Lncia, and came to a hearty coo viction he bad been a fool to refuse to write that letter to her mother. He could make it np with her when he was set at liberty again ; and in any case, no woman in the world was wrath all thia misery ; he wonld write any thing— any thing to get ont of this den of horrore, and to put into a good humour that dis gusting, tall, cool, supercilious captain of the brigand. Morning dawned at last, faint day light glimmered through the window, then a ray of sunshine — but stall no one came near the prisoner. At last; when Henderson was entirely broken-spirited by cold and hanger, he heard toe joyful eonnd of Mb door being unlocked. Tbe usual gnard of two armed men appeared. 'The Signor, onr Captain, wishes to know whether you are ready to write the letter as he commended yon F 'Anything yon like,' replied toe .'pirisoner, with the recklessness born of despair. Yon -have me in yonr power — I am not responsible,' ' So' Hendereon was once more blind folded, and harried upstairs. When lie was allowed the nse of Ms eyee again, ire found himself in his former prison ; bnt, after hie niebt of horror, it appeared to bim, now, quite a cheerful and lux i nrions apartment The chief soon made his appearance, and wished his prisoner good-day, with what the latter thought a diabolically earcaetic smile. Withont farthor demur, Hendereon wrote the letter precisely ss toe chief dictated to him, addressing it to the Signora Perci vale at her house in Florence, wbithtr She and Lncia bad by this time retcrned. It will be posted in Florence,' said the chief, grimly, ' and the Siguora and the rest of yonr friends, who have doubt less been wondering what has become of yon, will now have no farther wish for yonr society, and will take no tronble to seek yonr whereabouts. Thus I shall he spared the necessity of patting yon to death and hiding yonr body.' ' Henderson started at this, and then groaned to himself in English : ' A pretty Ggare I shall cot in the eyes of Florence society. !' 'There Is now the matter of yonr ransom to he considered, went on the chief bs he pnt the letter in his pocket. ' Yon have donhtleas yonr cheqne-book in that portmanteau there f ' I don't know,' mattered Henderson, sallrily. ' Look and see !' in a tone which toe prisoner did not venture to disobey. 'Now write a cbeqae for five thousand ponndB sterling, payable to Giuseppe Amalfi.' Til be shot if I do F ' Oh, on, you will not be shot — just get. Yon will have to spend a few weeks In the dungeon first, on bread and WW" | Wilt IIUli WU IUUUU Ut VUfaVj flUU afterwards, if yon still prove obstinate, well— I daresay yon have heard how it ia war custom to cat off a prisoner's car or bo, and eetid It to his friends, with a demand for'a ransom. Now, then, whioh sbalKtire 1' /- &endpr8on; tried to keep/his teeth jhKmt toettering. ' I— I have not — not, got five thousand pounds in toe world.' ' 9atooh hot 1 -retoYhed the chief, ' ITellil dareny yon fan borrow it— lo save your ears.1 . Thereupon, the prisoner wrote toe to|e,';''Wito':'ik /shtiiig" '/band.;;. The touftook itandfaid;— - . /"/ L.Tkrlll'now Md ppn-iurarell, signor. TAwTewdaya' timeypn'will be eej liberty. Yon will not eee me again, bnt I shall hear of yon, and know all abont yon, wherever yon are. Beware,' and bis tone became one of awfal menace, 'beware of the tremendous vengeance which will fall npon yoa if yon, at any future time, make any attempt to dis cover the brigand chief, Giuseppe Amalfi.' Haughtily bowing, the chief left the room. Bnt as saon as he was ontside the door, his face totally changed. He slapped the pocket gleefully in which he bad placed the letter, then, straggling with inward laughter, he took a match box from another pocket, Btruck a matoh, set light to the cheque for five thousand pounds, and consumed it to ashes. Three daya later Henderson's room was invaded abont midnight by a gang of some half-dozen brigands, wbo led him downstairs and ont of the house; and then, after miles of wandering np and down forest paths, suddenly released him. Tearing the bandage from his eyes, he found himself in a lonely spot on the high road betweeD Vallombrora and Florence, not far from the place where he had been made prisoner. His portmanteau was placed by hie side. There was nothing for bim to do but to shoolder it and to walk down to the nearest station on tbe railway to Flor ence, there to wait till daylight and tbe firet train. He was half inclined to believe that bis capture and detention were all a dream. And he found later that all his friends were quite sure of it. His pite ous Btory was received everywhere with ebonte of incredulous langhter, end eo mercilessly waB he chaffed, and snch uinautui UUIUUIO icWJIICU UIUI Q| (DC wrath of the Signora at toe jilting of her daughter, thai he fled from Florence without attempting to see the Percivales again ; his only consolation being that be had saved both his ears and his money ; for, unacconntebly as it seemed to him, that cheqne for five thousand pounds was never presented at any bank. And so Italy aud its brigands knew Mr. Henderson no more. 1 Brigands !' cried the irate Signora ; 1 ae if there were any brigands in Tus cany ! If this were Sardinia or Sicily, one might believe in it. Hat no, no, it ' is all an exense, a lie — Lncia, carissima mia, my poor, deceived, deserted Lncia, do not weep for him, the heartless villain. It is a lncky escape for yon ; one ongbt to be thankful if there were any brigands to carry bim away.' Lncia, so far from weeping, had a glad step and beaming eyes, and a heart up lifted with thankfulness that a merciful Heaven bad delivered her, even at the eleventh hour, from a fate worse than death, and sbe qnite agreed with her mother in invoking blessings on the brigands — if there were any such useful people. As for Lucia's brother Harry, he was not only in high spirits, but for days he was subject to sudden fits of uncon trollable laughter. Upon being remon strated with by his step- mother for his untimely mirtb, be answered, with a fresh giggle : ' I can only echo your words, iSigoora : a lucky escape — two lncky escapes ! Henderson has escaped from the brigands and Lucia has escaped from Henderson. We Bhall never bear of Henderson any more, or of the famous brieand, Giuseppe Amalfi, with his .£5000 cheque. Don't scold me, Signora. 1 must laugh !' A year afterwards, Lncia, a bride, was driving with ber hosband, Maurice O'Connor, Bloug the forest road to his villa. It was a massive-lookiDg, antique stone house, covered with clematis and wistaria, hidden away in a nook of the Tuscan hills, with a garden full of rosea, aud pine woods all around it, and a river murmuring, and black-birds singiDg in the valley below. 'Oh, what a lovely place,' critd Lucia; ' as completely out of tbe world as a hermitage. How happy we shall be here together, with no one to intrude upon us !' ' Yes, its solitude stood me in good atead, once upon a time,' said Maurice O'Connor. ' Bat the house is not so lonely as it looks. For tbe peasants who work on my farm and in my woods have their cottages not far away ; and they are all my very good friends. I have managed somehow to gain their hearts, perhaps just by Bhowiog them some of the sympathy and courtesy which Italians so mnch appreciate. Anyhow, I think they wonld follow me through fire and water. And never shall I forget how their failhfolness helped me, indirectly, to win yon, Lncia. Oniy, as some of their good service consisted in a great flourishing of pistols, snd ss Italians are apt to be quick-tempered, I took good care beforehand that those pistols sbonld not be loaded, for fear of accidents. Some day 1 will tell you the whole story, my dear little wife !' 