The Turf f Fleet Admiral : is reported to b$ slightly off. A Victorian sport writes, that Ain berite isa ' good thing' for the V.R.O. Blue Riband, and that the A.J C. Derby is a ' moral.' Mr. W. R. Wilson is expected to leave London for Australia at the end nf thin mnnt.Vi The dismissal of the protest lodged , against Sea Nymph at Coolgardie be cause Mr. S. Brown fell off owing to a stirrup leather breaking caused gene ral satisfaction. One or two riders - held thai the stewards were bound fat . award the race to the second horse. Jockey b know very little abont the rales which, if administered would get them into troub'e every time they rode A wteward saw Mr. Brown pick np the stirrup iron, and a steward put him on the horge again, T© have robbed the owner of the fruits of victory, would have been both ricfimli.up, in opposition to the spirit of the rules, and Completely uusportsman* lik . A meeting of the Albany Raring C!ub was b«*ld yesterday afternoon at the Free mason's Hotel, Albany, when it -was resolved to hold a race meeting on tha Prince of Wales's Birthday. This is the date fixed fur holding the Horticultural S'iow. The Club will be asked to select November 10 for the meeting, so that exhibitors and visitors can attend both th' races and the Show. It was also re solved to ask the under-secretary for Works for a copy and an estimate of tbe - cost of the branch railway line to the race - course Paul Pry has already been backed in doubles Cau fi'ld and Melbourne Cupp. . J If Messrs Nay lor and K&uffm;&i; send the son of Lochiel across, and Payten can get. him to tbe post as ftt as he . is to-day, -he ?'*. should at least get a ' phow ' in the bi g i mile and a half handicap. Gforge Donnelly, who died the other day, will he best remembered as the rider of Dagworth and the famous old'* Sydney' Tien Wliiffhr, the hero of many a hard foyght battli. In Donnelly's palmy daja the all black b&imer; of ?' Etty ' De Mestre ?: riva'.led^the yellow and blaok of John Tait in popularity. The share list of the Canning Park Racecourse Company is rapidly filling, , and will close shortly. Those intending to t ike shares should make early appli- . oation ? The W.A.T C. committee has prepared a neat little bill of fare for the meeting ; at tbe Perth course on Thursday October 21\. The events comprise — Hurdle Race, j; of 60«ovs % one mile and a half ; Ascot Handicap, of lOOsovs., six (arjongs ; Oc« ; tober Stakes, of 50sove., for two-year-olds, four furlongs; Selling Race, of 60sova , six fnrlongs ; Proclaraatian Handicap, of ;; 150sovfi., one mile and a quarter; and ^ Belmont Stake®, of 60aov*\, for horses : that have not started in a hurdle raee or r: a steepleahase, minimum weight lOst. The stakes.jvill amount to over £500. The Fremautle Jockey Club has been granted October 18 for its next meeting j the Bunbury Club, November 4; East. Murchison, September 1 and 2 ; Norse man, December 1 and 3 ; Newcastle, Oc- .- tober 20 ; the Canning Park Club, Sep- } tember, 11 and 25, Those who admire brilliancy in a race .-J horse will be pleased to hear that Trident is gradually climbing the Udder of fame as ^ a Bire Last season the flying chestnut*® ' stock won £8 000 in stakes. Like old :. Panic in his early days, Trident:. has had few fashionably-bread mares Paul Pry left for Melbourne on Monday M The Kalgoorlie Cup winner was taken td 1 Albany by rail ; theiice to Adelaide in the -.i mail steamer, and on to Melbourne by rail. He will be 'spelled ' a day or two both at Albany and Adelaide. Already Paul Pry -ij has been well backed in Melbourne for the Caulfield Cup, and the other day two r; Perth metallicians accepted £5,000 about the Perth horse's chance, ' '? 'vS ,3- ii, j, ? ? ? . commissioner in Melbourne, week backed the double Am 'V„. berlte and Fucile for the Caulfield and M#B-$ttrne Cups secured in all £26,000 about it Amberite, who was -fecild ;ae a foal with his dam, Duenna, for 2$0 guineas, won the weightfor age race at Hand wick on Saturday ... week. ^jT^e Manifold Brothel's' Caulfield and' Melbourne Cup representative pivot is said to be shin sore, and is 'tlier^ore unlikely to be at his best in v '$c&ber.; , ? 1 xtie Broad Arrow Club is making rapid progress The subscriptions to -iatkfamount to over £100. The suc . kijoss of the inaugural race meeting of the club n the summer is assured, k^ggaking at the settling over the Coolgardie meeting, Mr, P^ej^ne, of Fremantle. advocated the J$rjp$tion of a Tattersali's Club at the ^i^al goldfields town. The sugges loudly applauded. E.' Lewis experienced hard luck Detractor in the Second Hurdle at Coolgardie With the allcon -fluerijjg The Provost raised to 13st. 71b. : -£$8 Hecond Hurdle looked the best of jgjoodt^hmgs for Detractor, and so it -..jiy^jmtil the last hurdle was reached jPhpUj-Mr. Lewis's horse, looking all joyey a winner, came down, Mr. like many others, discarded Le tar's chance in the Coolgardie Cup, and went for Paul Pry, and he also ^^gfit Mr. Nay lor' 8 horse in one of ~ 'thfe'^big Calcutta sweeps. :-f SISW .1 ! ' oil p^haven before the mail left Lon 4-9^ i executed a mile and a quarter , igallop, ina manner which astonished morning watchers. It was not ,,but the spectators were much jHnjjrfjssed with the chestnut's style. ItjWas predicted that it will take the ,^st horse in E.ngland to beat the son ,pf. Njewminster. f-.iThe totalizator arrangements made ftt Coolgardie by Mr. Lynch and his . ^piail army of assistants were, in the , d^p^mstancea well carried out '- «i!;Itcds said that the stakes for the Coolgardie annual meeting will ®±cped £2,000, with the Cup increased $oi 1;000 sots. . Euroclydon is favorite for the Zealand Cup at 10 to 1 taken. ... V'ln., connection with the Coolgardie thi)r-!;iighbri d Yale Lock and First ^VJftf'did not receive a bid, and Creasy 'was \- - fj-iiifeed in at, £40. Wild Wave was also ' m'thllrawn at the same figur-% ' Bain Marie ; wtid passed in at £100, and M ootid ah p.t $16. Th^ra wag no offers for Flight and HlmSI. Black woofl, Wellehot, ami Poia fonifer were to h&vo; been offered, bat uiie t^id tiie train from Kalgoorlie. They will i fnbmitted on another occasion. Mr. John M'Namsra also submitted the raee v ji^SC Golden King and Tora on account 1 ^f,:WTr. Robert Phillip?'. The first named passed in at £70 and Tom found a ?I at £15, f 'Ai Coolgardie on Monday a local ^ Auctioneer offered the racehorse Golden \- }2ihg for sale. He described him as it; /'none of the greatest horses in Aus C fc/raUa,' and stated that he cost 500 ^ guineas when a yearling. After ring ing in a quotation from the Bible, he : i^eclared that the Golden King had ; ^^fred 4ft. lQin., and he offered to .\vager a fiver that he would carry him ^ ^the auctioneer) over 4ft He wound I ^,-yvith a panegyric on the perform ? W^tce of the Golden King in the i JQligtrict Handicap on the previous ?v flja^urday, and said that it reminded ^ Jiiiga of the ' grand struggle between ; ^^rbine and Marvel.' It was wasted eloquence. The Golden King was ; ; $lV6wed to remain an inmate of Mr, [:U':B6b'' Phillips's stable to realise the ijro^hecy that he ' would vifin the V Jiekt Perth Qup.' hiiS-here was a very heavy settling at Coolgardie on Monday, the wagering r being spirited during the meeting & ^Bhere were a few backers who won, : 4hei. erratic performance of Le Yar | IsSading several in serious trouble. ???dreamland is evidently caraing ?; fifyd? to his best form. If Jim Scobie &!$ only get the Maribyrnong Plate . ^m*ey well he must be exceedingly in two cujw, The goldfields campaign on which the curtain fell la^t S.itui-ddy week was suc cessful beyond the most sanguine ex pectations. The racing was exciting on each of the four days, and in several events both at Kalgoorlie and Cool gardie a table cloth would have covered the placed horses The attendance, thanks to the delightful weather which prevailed right through the fortnight, was above the estimates of the most eptimistic, and the investments in the totalisator agreeably surprised every body, The slump in the mining was, perhaps — paradoxical as it may seed — the raison d'etre of the spirited apecula tion in connection with the racing, with the result that both -?lubs have substantial credit balances, notwith standing the liberal programmes provided The mettallicians were badly hit at Kalgoorlie, and many of their numbers feared even worse things at Coolgardie ; but the fates were with the members of the 'charmed circle,' and the victories of good old Scarpia and Sea Nymph equalised matters, and gave the punting division a shaking. The in-and- out form displayed by Le Var mystified backers, and considerably aided the layers. After the Kalgoorlie Cup, the Coolgardie chief prize was voted the greatest of ' morals ' for the W A blue riband winner, but when backed for a ' ton ' of money by his owners and the public, the son of Lochiel was beaten by both Common and Blackwood His ' stock ' in the Cup went down, and good judges declared that he was over-estimated and 'hadn't a ghost of a chance of winning One of his owners would stand him no more, but Mr. Pell $tack loyally to him and landed a fair stake. Bolger never lost faith in the Queen's Plate victor, and with the strong pace set by Gallant in the first half of the journey Le Var ran a better race, and finished as straight as a line with something of the deters mination for which he has always been given credit. His form on Saturday stood oat in marked contrast to his display at Kalgoorlie on Thursday last. Needless to say, both owners and Bolger (the jockey) lost pretty heavily seeing that they backed him every time be started. Horse and rider met with a particularly u warm reception' on returning t« the weighing yard, the hooting continuing for some time But, as I have already said* those who made all the noise were entirely wrong. This was evidenced by the enthusiastic cheering of the fair-minded section, and the congratulations bestowed on both Mr Pell, Mr. Jenkins, anc* the jockey by many who bad 'gone down' on the horse in the previous races. Undoubtedly the greatest performance ever witnessed in 'he colony, and, 5 erhsps. in AnaTttlias'a, was that of Paul P-j, who, under the crashing weight of lOst. 1 lib ^ raced Le V«r to tho wiui-inu; covering tbe 12 futlongs in the splem id time of 2min. 41^-e., exic-tiy tha time credited to Little Jack in the Cauifield Cop of 1892, with onlj 6st. 11 lb. in the saddle, and a second and half better tb&n; the pfrf.-rmance of Boa in tha same rsce un-'er 7st. 9lb, in 1889\. At tbe distan- e, wh^n Apparently beaten, PrijI Pry cr-me fts-sinr and mnde a gailaufc effort to down. Le 'V a**, who how ever, carried too many guus for him. Mr. Kidman, in sending G»!ani to she front, settled both Common and Blsck wood's cbst»c'.\ p!aci«g themselvea in the hands oj Bolger, who waited on the cutting b^th of them, Paul alsi, down in the final struggle. Had the race b-en a trifle slower in the first mile £Val v-ool«3, nndoubtedly, hsve been again the Coolgardia Cnp winner — of 1897. 