The True Way to Salvation. ? .*, ? What must I do to be saved? — Christ answers this question himself, by saying: — ' He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved' (St. Mark xvi. 10) j and baptism is such a necessary condition for salvation that be says in another place :— ' Except a man be born again of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God' (St. John iii. 5). And when St. Peter was asked this question by the Jews, he answered: 'Repent and be baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of your sins ; and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost' (Actsii. 38). But do not the Scriptures say that 'He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life ' (St. John iii. 36), without mentioning any other condition than that of believing? — Yt-s; but believing on the Son cannot mean that faith is the only condition for salvation ; for the Scriptures teach 2)lainly that ' a man is not justified by faith only.' (St. James ii. 24.) ' Faith only ' excludes repentance and everything that is not faith; it excludes hope and charity, and St. Paul says, 'the greatest of these is charity; and if I should have all faith so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.' (1 Cor. xiii.) Believing in Christ has always been understood to mean, from the earliest ages, the acceptance of the rvhole doctrine of Christ in faith and practice ; and this is in accord ance with His own word— ' teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you.' (St. Matt, xxviii. 20.) The early Christians who had the Apostles to instruct them understood the words in this sense ; for they did not rest at simply believing1, but repented of their sins and were baptised, and 'persevered in the doctrines of the Apostles' (Acts ii. 42), who directed them to 'follow the faith' of their bishops (Hebrews xiii. 7). What do the Words 'Hath Ever lasting) Life ' mean ?— They cannot mean — as a great many think they do — that after a man believes and has had his 'sins washed away ' in baptism (Acts xxii. 10), that ho cannot afterwards lose his salvation ; for only ' he that shall persevere to the end shall be saved ' (St. Matt. xxiv. 13) ; and the Scriptures give instances of people who 'have made void their first faith, having damnation ' (1 Tim. v. 12) j and St. Paul says, ' It is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and are fallen away, to be renewed again unto repentance' (Heb. yi. 4, 0). Having shown what the words do not mean, I will now explain to you their true meaning. When a person believes and is baptised, as wo have soon above, he re ceives ' the gift of tho Holy Ghost, or, as St. Paul says, he is made 'tho templo of the Holy Ghost' (1 Cor. iii, 10) j and he who has the holy Spirit of God dwelling within him, hath eternal life, for the Holy Ghost is eternal life. But when a man commits sin the Holy Spirit abandons him, or, as St. Paul says, tho Spirit is ' quenched ' (1 Thess. v. 19), and he becomes a 'child of -wrath,' as he was before (Eph. ii. 3) ; for St. John says, 'lie that committeth sin is of the devil.' (1 St. John iii., 18.) Great numbers are led astray respecting tho moaning of this and similar texts by men ' who, with good words and pleasing speeches, seduce the hearts of the inno cent.' (Bom. xvi. 18). They are taught to believe they are 'saved,' and that all they have to do now is to thank God, liho the Pharisee in the Temple, for making them so good. (St. Luke xviii., 2). How far they are from the spirit of St. Paul, who called himself ' the chief of sinners' (1 Tim. 15), and was so far from being assured of being 'saved' that he was always afraid of becoming a castaway. (1 Cor. ix., 27.) The Scriptures teach plainly that ' man hnowclh not whether he be worthy of love or hatred. But all things are kopt uncer tain for the time to come, because all things equally happen to the just and to the wicked' (Eccles. ix.) King David, avIio knew by a revelation from God that his sins were forgiven him, upon his repentance, acted very differently to these modern sectaries, who have re ceived no similar revelation. He had an abiding sorrow for his sins, and over prayed to God to have mercy on him, and ' waBh him yet more from them' (Psalm 61). And he was a 'a man according to God's own heart ' (Acts xiii. 22), The Scriptures teach that they are not of 'private interpretation' (2 St. Peter i. 20), and that 'the unlearned and the un stable wrest them to their own destruc tion ' (2 St. Peter iii. 16). The surest way to secure our salvation is to utp -nuded by tho teaching of that Church which Christ established ('Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it,' St. Matt. xvi. 18), and which He appointed to teach all nations to the end of time (St. Matt, xviii. If), 20), and commanded every one to believe and obey (St. Matt, xviii, 17 ; St. Luke x, 16; Acts ix. 6, 7 and x. 5, 0), and which being ' the pillar and the ground of truth ' (1 Tim, iii. 15), and ever ' subject to Christ ' (Eph, iii, 24), cannot possibly lead us into error. You will find that by following what it teaches, you will be freed from all doubt and perplexity about tho way to heaven, and will no longer be 'tossed about by every wind of doctrine' (Eph. iv. 11-15) j and that you will be as sure of learning the religion of Christ from this Church as if you heard Him speaking to you Himself. 'He that heareth you heareth Me' (St. Luke x. 10), and St. Paul says, ' For Christ therefore we are ambassadors : God as it were exhorting by us (2 Cor. v. 20). Such is the Church which Christ our Lord established upon the earth, with a living, speaking, and unerring authority to teach you the way to heaven; and this, therefore, is the Church you must endeavour to find. Among the number of religions there are in the world now, it may appear difficult to you to find the only true one; but it is really very easy. For if we look back 400 years we shall be brought face to face with the great Catholic Church, whose history dates back to Apostolic days. Four hundred years ago the Catholic religion was the only religion in England, and in all those countries of Europe that are now Pro testant. All the ever- increasing sects that we find now can have no pretension to be the Church which Christ established, for they came into existence more than 1,500 years too late. They are of human origin, being founded by men, whose names we know. Christ in establishing His Church, founded it upon a rock (S,t. Matt. xvi. 18), like the house of the ' wise man ' in the Gospel (St. Matt. vii. 25), so that the ' floods ' of heresy should never be able to sap its foundation, nor the ' winds ' of persecution cut it down. It will endure to the end of time, and will always preserve its miraculous unity (St. John xvii. 20, 21), i constituting ' one fold and one shepherd' j (St. John x. i0), as there is but ' one Lord j and one faith ' (Eph. iv. 5), and God will j continue to ' add daily to the Church such as should be saved' (Acts ii. 47). 