THE TRAGEDY AT DEEP- DENE. . CHAPTER XXXVI. By MIGNON. Author of "Gilbert Elton's Wife, AnnaGrej&on;," &.c., &c.; 'Sweet * l M«mn», ,, I said, later in the day, "ape • you not -arranging that jMr. Morton is to deep in '•Yon Frank's heard room? -what Mr. Archer said. He iron't permit it." "Fiddle, Mr. Archer, I said contemptuously ; " Ue won't allow anything. Wo mast not" barn so much coal—we must not use such a quantity of gas. I wonder you listen to him for ft moment. Frank's interests ought to be paramount with you. "I wish, Emily," she said, seizing me by the arm, " that your father had left another trustee he had left would assert herself as she ought, and she would be quite sufficient. Who bo good a person to rule over one's training as a mother?" " If Emily, 1—I had only listened to Sir knot's proposal for you," she said, speaking in* less affrighted tone. "He you had, mother. I would have seen that t Frank was not in danger of being frightened out of his life every time he goes toT»d. a ' '„. V Not that, Eimmie; not that. He is absurd, weak, and muat be.taught to he wiser. r> "By., being more and more alarmed still. • Iturontdo,.mother; if you don't put some • one in his room to watch him, I shall have my bed'placed there. - There is something uncanny About these noctnrnal alarms that wants :- fathoming. No ghost could grapple him by tho throat and leave finger-marks—no mere imagination." Archer says that if anybody did get i* hiilS of him by the throat thit he would never ' have- left him alive. A isore cock-and-bull storbe never heard." '.";:.-Jt i jlTfi" Who is this, mother?" breaking ' xjEN|brnptly as a cab laden with luggage drove lip Hie drive. Alas, wo soon learned. It was 'iSyh&Ajcher.; Directly I saw her I recognised the Anemone of my dreams—intangibly only. "Sheincs evidently thirty, though she dressed a " far younger. She -was irregular fea- - turod,*and with her front hair, light and thick, much -frizzed. Her nose was a decided retrouai^and gave ber the oddest expression, so i.llke yet jinlike her father. Her eyes put me ; -. uncomfortably in mind of those of my syren of •ithe -sea. I was disagreeably surprised to see her. Mamma was worse. She was quite "ti J^paeb* She had not even known there was a '-^^^s^Axcher's greeting to ber father -was typical of bar.. He refused to see "her ; sent tier word she was to go away. She laughed cplacently. "Up Jp to fo his o old tricks again, is be? Wants me, I-see, to keep him in order. If be won't come to' me, I'll go to hit?. Come and witness the fun." — "But really. Miss Archer," persisted mamma, "I do not see the good in you flurry •tag hun. He is very obstinate, and, as I cannot 'gtofier jrou a home, I can't tell why" Come,- that's good," bk-oke in Miss. Archer, -Spnghmg. "Where do you suppose I pitch mv tent when out of a situation if not with toy father? You've taken him; you will have av to -swsSlowme with the dose. I am a nursery .governess by trade or profession. My last TjHaceldid not suit either of us, lady orme, so parted and I've come here—more, if it suits -me, here I stop. I bate teaching. Ah, there's jpa^Jhe comeeihuffling along in one of his tan- Ktrums; as usual. Is it not fun seeing him in i-iihem^-^that is, when he gets into a right down jproperwax?" She ins right there. He did lead he a life, aadnot An agreeable one. yon s pa." she cried theatrically <low-y .wliata swell you're got, to be sure— "^ttite-wdover, I eee You've done-it pro- "ak last.' You always said you would sjnatiy money, and you have done so. It's ^ta "ib^the dental • surgery. Well, it was ji}>out lame. You might have.been hanged, s%a teiow, "when, you drew that-poor little • ^pamleyi fonr teeth, and let two down his '-^broat aiid suffocated him. I nearly cut you th&n; : but' you came well out of it, thanks ~to My crackey, what's the matter? Are -vougping in for a fit?" She bad-been dancing and bobbing around "iimjwlHlst she was revealing his past career ''-^ad'seadmg himinto a frenzy. If he could if^ilylave.got to her he would bare stopped va^r movements. She .was too sharp for him, -dodging here, dodging then, and tantalizing 'llSll the/while. . Failing all other plans, he *^r«Uioldof his cravat and tore at it wildly, freyesEtarting out of his head. "Wbat do you mean, yon young blister? r iwDn?t^aveyou here; I won't—I won't." Wotft, won't you? We will see." Theywere both dancing about now. Had the ssueatBtrife been less momentous it must i^ave been Idlling-^lndicrous. Qh,/perhaps you did not know (turning to _B)th it pa was formerly a druggist in a very .fanall sray—veiy small, indeed, so much so jt'be conld scarcely keep himself. No! I lit hnsh; old clover. A. nappy idea struck ££bat' bB might combine' dentistry; so he (fl-iip - *nd bought some second-hand s—screws; what do you call 'em, pa? •actised gratis on all the poor who,-nnoately, came m his way. He got on for le till—what, another fit, pa? They're ng yon, I eee. It will pay to board me jr to keep you in correction. Law, Mis. «V don't mind him; ise can go black in t will. I'll help you to cure him, .___, . 5 me, who is this?" dog, something the size of a small donkejv came bonndiztg in*' It rushed at Mr. \- ^ -brushed against him, and Rent him tag—skullcap and all. Then it made for „- ril£toat'Bhe evaded it. It looked at mamma, soi-imalJv came quickly to me, laying its confidingly on my knee. Strange ,^'iijptihet that seemed te tell it whose sister I g^bffian bere?''called out Frank. "lion t^pSC^ffigTBjrpja are. Is he not a beauty, Em?; '&ftaot; li»6 given him to me. He says that 'Xlraalwfcys to be bis master, and no one is to from me. If they do he is going to '^V 'laSktiiem the reason why." _ \- ' Archer, witli mamma's help, had been picking .himself up. , ; "Take that brute away, he groaned. H- f 4 • M Qb, "but, «ir, he is mine," spoke up Frank, ' ' -annoasly^ And Sir Prior saysyou will oblige " g-bini-if you let me keep him. He is to sleep on "gj^OTOdoor mat, and will guard me from all jfSrall-raiemies, Sir Prior called them. He says 4'^sOmebpdy is trying to harm mo want—wanr ibmly—^nja that he will see, as a Magistrate, if -tobonefelae does, that" :®"!£here, there, don't let us hear any more f.iiBir Prior's rudo interference," broke in -TJ.*;Archer, testily. "But if you desire to Iffiep'that -big brute I'd advise you to keep • ^ 'Sudi a conoession from such a man nearly "- took away my breath. It was so unexpAted, ' but I"J^iessod he only did it for fear of the steps Sir Prior should take if he refused. Of ; V the two evils, coercion and submission, he )diose the lesser. But ho was none the more i ^gracious afterwards for having consented to .'-V;sive IAon a home. How many times he hurt through the dog it would be impossible '•: %0'say. 'He never lost an opportunity of growl- , jng-and grumbling at the animal; the expense ; '«f its fopd; Frank's so-called ridiculous love i: for it, and its rough manners. ,-/, : V' But it w*6 as if Frank had grown aecus j'feioniea to Mr. Archer's vituperations and .antipathy, be knew that, failing Lion, other iK"«w»ses would spring up to give so spiteful a ^prejudice vent; therefore, he bore it all ; ; ^ineeldy,scarcely saying anything. ^ Vln toe solitude of our rooms 1 sympathised *. withlliui, and together wa tried to endure the oihainsof bondage that mamma's fatal marriage badjbound us in. and from which there seemed \- iio.-way of escape. Even mamma lamented the) '".prison" Deepdene had become, but only " ! jn hushed whispers, and -with a white, scared lace. She was awfully afraid of vexing Mr. Attfcer. said Sybil mocked at her, even before : her father, for standing so muoh of his cheek," as she termed it. ' • > One happy resuit followed Lions advent in our home. I never knew why or -wherefore, "bat directly afterwards Sir Prior resumed his ^. Visits to our house. Sybil said it was to see her.- Pfflrhaps it might be, f<>r his mannor to nie'was ao distant aud frigid as to make me iwonder many a time could that be the one who "bad solicited mv hand in marriage. I did ; not see that he treated Sybil with any marked preference, but she declared that I was wilfully blind ; and certainly, whenever wo went to Thorncliffe, she and I, he always put her first—irat then she was the elder. Gradually, -however, it became known to me that Sir Prior had not relinquished all thought of . making, me his' wife. I cannot remember what reopened my eyes to the fact, but when I did recognise it my heart overflowed with happiness. . , " Miss Merryon," he said to me one even ing, "ijf I ask yon a question of great impor tance—the greatest that can influence my life and yours, may I hope that the answer will be in the affirmative? I am a proud man, and fine' that could not bear a second rejection." My eyeB had been drooping, but as ho spoke I felt intuitively how much he must love to . venture the chance of a second refusal. Sir Prior," I said looking at him earnestly, "I never " "Sir Prior," broke in Sybil's voice at that juncture, "you might fetch me an olive. I affl dying for one, and you have neglected me shabbily. I resent my chevalier being appropriated by others." \--.Despite the joking cajolery of her voice I recognised the depth of insinuation there was in her speech. Did Sir Prior? Perhaps he \- felt so assured of my assent to his proposal : that he dared delay the answer. Perhaps men like him pitied her for ber openly dia played preference for him, and chose to pay the very small attention she asked. Anyway he walked off, and before he had time even to -. xeturn his carriage v/&e; announced. My heart sank. He never under any pretext kept his present horses standing. I was surprised therefore, when, instead of taking his leave he asked me if he might have a few moments conversation. The chance had come that would bring me ineffable happiness. He offered me a cup fraught to the very brim with bliss, and I—£ must have been dazed—for at thit supreme moment I hesitated to drink it. I dallied with my chance, and—lost it. • I am sure. Sir Prior, I thought you had jfone," said the siren voice of Sybil close behind me. But he was too straightforward a character to be longer deterred by her wiles and interruptions. " I have gone to all the house, except Miss Merryon," he replied, somewhat brusquely; "from her I solicit the favour of a private interview." "Oil, dear: I am vary sorry, I'm sure, if I intrude," declared Sybil. Her tone was so altered—high and rasping, instead of.cooeing, coaxing—that I quite started. She seemed another person. But though she had spoken independently, she never moved. Sir Prior looked at her to take the initiative, and I—oh, fool that I was at that all-important moment. I shivered with apprehension. "Should we go to the library, Emily?" he asked. Emily! My name thus uttered by him thrilled me. I moved in acquiescence to his suggestion. "Emmil," Sir Prior called, "Frank, just come and see Lion. He is holding out his Daw with such dignity." Sir Prior put his land through my arm, an unusual mark of demonstration with him', and was leading me towards Frank. "My dear boy," said Sybil mockingly— just the very anemone cf the sea; do not interrupt a most loving t6te-a-tetc." " I think, Miss Merryon," observed Sir Prior sternly, "that fate Beems conspiring against a quiet chat this evening. I will be over to-morrow evening at seven. May I see you alone then?" { To be continued to-morrow. J 