TALES & SKETCHES BUCKLEY, THE WILD WHITE MAN; OR Thirty-two Years among the Blacks (By W. T. PYKE.) CHAPTER VII. TRIBAL AMENITIES. These peaceful wanderings amongst the lonely glades of the bush were brought to an abrupt termination by the two families falling in with a tribe of about fifty individuals. This tribe was friendly towards them so they joined their forces, and travelled with it across the country to meet another tribe. In two or three days they came up with the people they were seeking, or had appointed to meet. Prepara- tions were then made for an extensive raid upon the kangaroos which were grazing in large herds upon the lightly timbered plains in the vicinity. The blacks divided their party, and placed themselves at several vantage points on the confines of the forest, so as to hem in the animals on all sides. They then began making a most horrible din by beating the bushes and yelling vociferously in order to scare their timid prey; and gradu- ally closing in the while, at length forced a considerable number of them into close quarters, whence there was no escape. Then the work of des- truction among the entrapped ani- mals took place. Spear and waddy were both brought into requisi- tion, and the spot was converted into a veritable shambles. Some of the marsupials ran into the scrub, and this being set on fire for the pur- pose of scaring them out, they soon shared the fate of the others. The jubilant hunters returned to the camping ground literally groaning under the weight of the spoils of the chase. Their better halves, during their absence, had not been idle, and in anticipation of the results had busied themselves in preparing ovens for a grand roast. These ovens were made by digging large circular holes in the earth, and spreading good-sized stones com- pletely over the bottom, on which they lighted fierce fires, and kept them burning till their lords and masters brought home the game. The burning logs and branches were then quickly taken out, and the carcases laid on the heated stones. The smaller animals were put in entire and unskinned; but the larger ones were cut up in pieces. Over them were then spread leaves, branches, and sheets of bark to keep in the heat, with the burning logs and embers replaced on top of all. In these excellent ovens the, provisions were cooked in a style that would gratify the palate of a gourmond. Then a great feast followed in which all the blacks joined with hearty good- will and tremendous appetite.* After they had somewhat slept off the effects of their gluttony, some hilarious spirits among them got up a species of entertainment, which evoked much merriment. It was supposed to represent the kangaroo hunt-a kind of pantomime, mimicing the stirring events of the day. As with a modern troupe of stage actors, they spared no pains to make the representation rea- listic-to hold the mirror up to na- ture. Their preparations included greasing their bodies all over with the fat of the animals, and then plentifully be- daubing themselves with a sort of red ochre. Some small branches were fixed to their girdles in imitation of tails, and then the fun began. Those with the tails hopped about the camp like a scared herd of kangaroos; the tails sticking out, and their peculiar attitudes having a most comical effect; while those personating the hunters followed them closely, hallooing and gesticulating wildly as they pretended to spear them. Buckley was no less amused than his black companions, and laughed as loud as any of them. The jollity of the evening gave place next morning to proceedings of quite an opposite character. When Buckley awoke he found the camps in quite a commotion, and the two tribes haranguing each other vio- lently. He gathered, as well as the imperfect knowledge of the language he had by this time acquired could reveal to him, that a gay Lothario of one tribe had kidnapped the wife of a member of the other tribe, or else had persuaded her to elope from her liege lord. The guilty pair had been discovered - hence the tumult. The injured one demanded satisfac- tion and the restitution of his property. The abductor refused to do the latter, and was quite willing to oblige him as to the former; in fact, he seemed rather inclined to have recourse to the arbitrament of blows and so settle the little affair, and perhaps the hus- band at the same time. The inter- position of the tribes decided that the woman should return to her husband's mia-mia ,which she at once did. The two men thereupon prepared for _________________________ * Mr. Peter Beveridge, who had many years' personal contact with the natives, thus describes the way they conducted themselves on the opportunity offering itself:-"When food is plentiful they feast and riot to the top of their savage hearts, gorging themselves (as cer- tainly none of the brute creation do) until their abdominal regions become so distended as to be de- cidedly uncomfortable. Not being so learned in medicine as Helio- gabolus was, they do not avail them- selves of the relief offered by emetics. To remove their dis- comfort, however, they lay them- selves prone on the ground, face downwards, and get women suffer- ing less from repletion than them- selves, to run up and down on their bodies until the desired end is gained, either by expulsion or extension. When the happy re- sult is successfully achieved, they commence to gorge again, and continue doing so until the rolling process is once more found neces- sary to animal comfort; and this continues just so long as the feast lasts." the fray, each arming himself with a waddy and shield. They entered the lists courageously, being well matched, both in size and general strength. With shield and club upraised over the head, so as to form a protecting arch, they warily ad- vanced upon each other. The deeply- set eyes of both men glistened beneath their shaggy beetling brows in an ex- tremely vengeful manner, which augured, it seemed, to Buckley, a fatal, termination to the fight. The antagonists soon closed, and then blow after blow fell with lightning rapidity. Their shields warded off many, but a sickening thud heard every now and then betokened that they were both being severely punished on head and shoulders. This hammer-and-tong business could not last long, and they soon began to show signs of exhaustion. The blood flowed freely from many wounds in the head and the upper portion of the body. When the tribes considered that each combatant had had enough for one day they interposed and separated them, and led them to their different camps, each man looking dazed and half un- conscious, and reeling like a drunken man. This duel revealed to Buckley the astonishing and marvellous thickness of skull possessed by the people he was living with. He knew that any one of the blows which had been showered with so little effect upon their black heads would have laid his own skull open, and so have placed him 'hors de combat' in one act. The gay Lothario and his tribe shortly took their departure for fresh hunting grounds. The injured hus- band, as soon as he had recovered a little from his wounds, sought out his spouse and belaboured her with his waddy in a manner that made Buck- ley's blood run cold, although the rest of the encampment regarded the con- jugal correction with indifference. The sequel to this love escapade took place a night or two after. The fires had all gone out, and the whole camp was buried in a deep slumber, when suddenly a loud cry awakened every one. Each man clutched his spear, and rushed to the spot whence the alarm had come. Buckley was one of the first there, and, by the aid of a fire-stick he had snatched up, beheld the lately ag- grieved husband transfixed through the body with a spear. The poor fellow was writhing in a death agony. They tried to pull the spear out, but could not, as the weapon was barbed for about six inches from the point. He lingered on till morning, when death put an end to his excruciating suffer- ings. His wife had disappeared; and this fact told to the blacks the whole story. It was clearly a case of mur- der and elopement or abduction. The friends of the deceased showed much grief, and uttered frightful im- precations against the vile assassin and all his relations. Early in the day, preparations were made for the funeral. The corpse was taken in hand and bent almost round; the knees being tied close to the neck; and the feet and hams brought together and fastened with the arms straight alongside. Their reason for thus rolling up the body, and securing the limbs, Buckley afterwards learned was to prevent the ghost of the departed from arising and re- visiting the glimpses of the moon. For the blacks had a mortal dread of spirits; and they believed that the spirit of a man recently dead would work them great harm if he got the chance to break out of the tomb. The opos- sum rug which had been his covering by night and mantle by day, was now his shroud. With this wrapped around him, he was consigned to the grave - a hole dug to the depth of three or four feet in the soft ground. Then his late companion heaped up the earth over him to the height of two or three feet, and placed logs on top to prevent the wild dogs from root- ing up the corpse. During the ceremony of interment all his male relatives gashed their heads with tomahawks and waddies till the blood streamed forth; and smeared their faces and beards with pipe-clay and mud. The women joined in these expressions of deep affliction by scorching themselves on the thighs and stomach with firesticks, and also by spreading mud all over their heads. The mother of the dead man was especially demonstrative in her grief, her moans and groans sound- ing horribly in Buckley's ears. Her lamentations were genuine, and for several nights afterwards he heard her giving way to her feelings when by herself, after all the camp had retired to rest. Poor old woman, she was a miserable and most repulsive-looking specimen of humanity. Her attenuated frame was shrunk almost to a skeleton, so shrivelled and drawn was the skin across her crooked bones. She fared worse than anyone in the tribe, be- ing looked upon rather as a burden. Her clothes consisted of an old dilapi- dated and worn-out opossum skin. Al- most blind and imbecile, none but the children seemed even to notice her or give her more than a passing thought. Her conduct to these was kind and sympathetic, and she often rendered them such slight services as was within the range of her limited powers. Her only requital was a per- mission to live or rather, just to exist upon the very refuse of the food. But she took her hard lot as a matter of course, patiently and uncomplain- ingly. Several men of the tribe set out on the tracks of the murderer, but returned before night without having accomplished their object. This man by his daring and dastardly conduct had thus embroiled the two tribes in an enmity only to be assuaged by the spilling of his blood or the blood of one of his own tribe. As Buckley afterwards learned the blacks always held the whole tribe responsible for the actions of any of its members. Blood for blood was one of their laws, and if they could not bring the actual delinquent to punishment they always endeavoured to wreak their vengeance upon any of his relatives, father, brother, or son or failing them any of his tribe would do; they were not very particular so long as they could in some such way compensate themselves for the injury done. It was some months before Buckley's party again came across the path of this tribe, and then the trouble com- menced anew. Spears, clubs, and boomerangs were brought into requi- sition and a great battle was fought, at least from an aboriginal point of view. Revenge was satiated by the killing of the murderer's brother and the wounding of his mother, but the actual culprit escaped unharmed. Shortly after this vicarious sacrifice to justice or vengeance, Buckley wit- nessed another duel between two men of his tribe. Like the other affair of honour it was brought about by the faithlessness of a woman, or the jealousy of her husband, he knew not which. The quarrel began in a wordy way, between a black who was the lawful owner of three wives, and a young spark who possessed none. The very much married man opened warlike proceedings in a little while by throw- ing his club towards the other, and then bending his body down with his hands on his knees, and in this atti- tude invited the other to strike him on the head. The younger man picked up the club raised it in the air and brought it down with considerable force on the proffered skull. The blow caused the recipient to reel, but he soon recovered, and then took up the club which the other man had flung on the ground. Following the ex- ample of the elder, the younger man now in turn postured himself with his head bent forward and received a dose of the same medicine. This curious give-an-take duel lasted till the younger man was felled with a blow that knocked him stiff. There he lay for over an hour, and Buckley thought he was dead. But at the end of that time he slowly sat up, and by the evening had completely re- covered, and what astonished Buckley more than anything there did not ap- pear to be any malice borne between the two late antagonists. In fact, like a couple of schoolboys after a bout of fisticuffs, they seemed the better friends for the quarrel. 