Touin Gossip. 1 Brief, then-What's the news.-KING JOHN. We have on hand a few extra copies of . this week's GAZETTE, containing a report of the HawkeBbury Show. At Bedfern sales on Monday, preserving melons from J. Gough, Richmond, brought 1/8 and 1/11 per dozen. Mr J. Armstrong, with his family,: has been away at Wollongong for the past fortnight for a change of air. Mr. Rol Marden, who has been away: for several weeks on sick-leave in the Bathjurst district, returned home last week greatly improved in health. Two local Justices of the Peace appear to do all the Court business there is to be done in Windsor just now. The remainder seldom, if ever, put in an appearance. The speotacle of a cart load of Victorian* grown cauliflowers being sold through'the streets in Windsor this week was much commented upon. They were beauties, too. An ex-Oouncil-clerk of Windsor is a familiar figure in Melbourne just now. He has had an exciting career, having held an officer's rank in the Franco-German war. He draws a pension from the German Government. We have at the GAZETTE office a copy of the " Sydney Gazette" for 1804, on which is inscribed the name of John Batman, the founder of Victoria, who resided in Parra matta from the date of his birth there (1600) until 1820. <. ) A Windsor lady owns a valuable set of early Australian papers - the first 12 volumes of the 44 Sydney Gazette," tpe pioneer journal of this continent. Th^y hare been offered at a price to the Melbourne Public Library authorities. The Wesleyan congregation have de cided to hold a circuit tea-meeting jn Windsor on the 9th of June, in connection with which an attractive programme will be rendered at a public meeting, under the supervision of Mr. E. P. Walker. On Friday afternoon last a horse belong ing to Mr. Herb. Greentree, of Freeman^ Reach, bolted from Pye's shop with a dray, and galloped down the Peninsula as fair as Mr. J. Dickson's farm, where it Wab pulled up, without, however, having donb any damage. Complaints are made regarding the noisy conduct in whiel/some of the H.A. College students, indulge whenever they visit Wind* sor, particularly at night. One naturally expbcts a lot of young fellows like they are to possesB a suberabundance of vitality, but they should know where to draw the line. The second'annual Cinderella Dance in connection with St. Matthew's R. C. Church bids fair to be quite as successful as last year's event. The Committee, with Mr. W. C. Barker at the head of affairs, are working energetically, and there is little ftoribt but that the attendance will be very large. The New-street44 ghost" is again scaring! people almost tb death. An occupant of! this haunted house was aroused one night rebently by a peremptory ordier to leave the place. As he awoke he saw the form of a one-time Windsor resident, long since dead, bending over his bed, and from whom the voice issued. The concert to be held in the Richmond School of Arts-fchis Friday night, in aid of the building fund of St. Monica's R. C. Ohtirch, Should be worth .going some dis tance to hear. A glance at the programme shows that all the performers are tip-top sawyers, and among them is one of Aus tralia's greatest cantraltos! Miss Constanoe Evelyn. On Saturday last Mr. Farrell, of Wind sor-road, accompanied by his little boy, was driving to town with a harrow in the dray. Near the Fitzroy bridge the horse stopped suddenly, and the boy, who was standing up, was thrown backwards. He came into contact with one of the harrow - tines, which inflicted a nasty wound, neces sitating medical attendance. The sewer which crosses George-street from the Park water-hole has been cleaned cut during the week by a number of men, under the direction of Mr. P. Motteram. Many of the pipes were found to have been absolutely choked up by a solid mass of earth and of fibrous roots from the trees growing on the fringe of the water- hole. Little wonder, under the circumstances, that the surplus water oould not get away, . Mr. Arthur Corn well; whohatf i>«en laid up for a couple of weeks with rheumatics, is about again. Mr. H. Campbell, from Camden, brother of Mr. F. Campbell is on a brief Visit to Windsor, " doing" the show. The gutters atid footways on the Terrace have at last been cleaned, and now present a more respectable appearance. Some of our exchanges take matter in a wholesale fashion from our columns, with out acknowledgment. Fair's fair, you Jsnow. Mr, H. Harris, of Clarendon, has beenon a short trip to the home of his parents in the Illawa^ra district. He returned home on Monday. The services of the local Presbyterian Chureh were held in the Oddfellows' Hall last Sunday, owing to the Church being under repairs. Mr. J. Carey, of McGrath's Hill, has se cured a position in the Mounted Police, having received an intimation to that effect during the week. Mr. Patrick Barrett, some time since landlord of the Chester Hotel, Clarendon, died recently jat Wyalong, where he bad been keeping the Shamrock Hotel. A claim for the recovery, of the value of the Dight-street monkey, shot recently by an infuriated householder, will be heard at the District Court this month in Windsor. For prime pickled pork and hams go to H. A. Clements', George-street. Groceries of top quality at bottom prices. Crockery always on hand, and farm produce at lowest, market rates.! At the Rouse Hill Church of England Vestry meeting, the following officers were elected:-Minister's warden, Mr. E. S. Rouse; people's wardens, Messrs G Stranger and G. A. Terry. Rev. B. Keenan, of the Windsor Gram mar School, has been elected Vice- president of the Darlingburst Harrier Club. He has presented that club with a valuable silver cup for this season's competition. Amongst those present at the jgreat banquet tendered to Premier ftefd on Mon day evening .wereColonel Holborow, C.M.G., Mr. W. Morgan, M.P., Mr. S. Burdekin, and Mr. J. C. L. Fitzpatrick, M.P. The new fashion adopted in the City^y ladies, of zidjpg^ on top of omnibuses, is coming into vogue in Windsor. The other evening two members of the fair sex climb ed up to the top of a local 'bus, and did a trip to the station and back. The fateful scythe of Father Time has been busy in the town and district; young ahd old have gone to their last resting place in great numbers during the present year ; and if the death-rate for the remain der of the year is as alarmingly large, 1897 will be a mournful year. Some queer stories are being told of a " ghost" which has made its appearance in a house in New-street. : There is a long standing belief among the superstitions that this particular house is haunted, for different people , who have resided there declare that they have encountered the apparition. A shocking example of bad taste was exhibited in town this week. As a funeral procession was wending its way to the Church of England cemetery, a carter kept his team going alongside the orttege, and his intermittent admonishments to the horses were a source of annnoyahce to the mourners. This Sunday, and en the Sunday follow ing, public addresses will be delivered in the Windsor School of Arts by an " Evan gelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church." They will commence at 3.80 in the after noon, the object being to interfere as little as possible with the existing arrangements of the local Churches. In the " Australian Field" for May appears good photographs of Mr. P. Char ley's " Yorkshire Lass," which secured first and champion for best coaching mare, 3 yrs and over, at the Sydney Show; also of Mr. Charley's first prize red-polled bull " Daimio," and same> owner's first prize red-polled cow, " Doris." Williams' Pink Pills 2/6, Seigel's Syrup, and all Patent Medicines, Perfumery, etc., at R. A. Pye's, the leading Pharmacy in the district, where you get only thq. best drugs, and Chemicals, School Requisites, etc. The Aerated Fountain is still in full swing. Come along and try a Kola- nut if you are a bit off-only 2d per glass. Try Pye's Stomach and Liver Pills for bead ache, constipation, etc., 1/- per box. If you have the toothache don't forget R. A. Pye ie the premier surgeon dentist.* The gallery of the local li.C. Ohurch is being fitted up with new gas fittings. f The. 3rd Regiment Band will attend the Churoh Parade to be held at Richmond on Sunday. Nest Monday evening the usual monthly meeting of the Windsor School of Arts Comittee w ill be held. '? 1 ? y The work of repairing the local Presby terian Ohurch is rapidly progressing. Mr W Tout has the painting contract in hand. A little son of Mr. M. Conn ell, of the Brickfields, slipped and fell at his parents' residence the other day, sustaining a bro ken arm. Mr. Price, late stationmastfr at Rooty Hill, and once located at Mulgrave, was last week presented by Hon. J. Garrard with a testimonial on behalf of Rooty Hill residents. Mr. J. J. Paine has forwarded the sum of twenty-eight shillings to the Indian Famine Relief Fund, being the amount collected by him for that purpose. Mrs Armstrong, wife of Mr M. Armstrong, of Marrickville (and not Cornwallis, as stated last week), is still in\& low state of health in the Little Bay Hospital. It is unsafe now to leave ribbon on wreaths on graves in local Cemeteries, as they are actually stolen by shameless thieves as soon as night comes on. Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Day are spending a few days in town, and are the guests of the Hon W. and Mrs. Walker. Mr. Day was formerly connected with the G.P.O., Sydney. At a meeting of. the H.D.A. Association on Wednesday afternoon laBt, Mr. W. G. Barker was elected on the Committee to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. G. Dickson. At the instigation of Mr. J. J. Paine (Mayor), a water guage is to be erected at the river bridge, by which an accurate guage of the rise and fall of the river can be ascertained. Two local Aldermen had their bumps read by the visiting phrenologist on Monday evening last at the School of Arts. The bumps of loquaciousness was declared to be very pronounced in both. A deputation from the Sohool of Arts is to wait upon the Minister for Public In struction on Wednesday next, with a view of urging his consent to the alterations and additions to the building. \ Mr. W. T. Cameron, of the local Superior Public-school, has been appointed to the Cleveland-street Public-school, Sydney, which is a high-class establishment. This speaks well for Mr. Cameron's ability as a teacher. The Windsor Grammar-sohool start training this week for the coming Harrier season. Captain R. Howard is getting the pack in good form. Our Grammar School students have been the champions among. Harriers for the past 16 years, never having been defeated during that time. That stock are cheap and plentiful, is a bit, of information we are frequently sup plied with. That tjiey are plentiful is corroborated by the vast number of stray { horses and cows, which, in a semi-starved condition, are allowed to wander at their owii untramelied will along the highways and byways of the Borough. The famous cure for many diseases, Yiney's patented Pine-apple Rum, cures la grippe, bronchitis, influenza, sore throat, coughs, hoarseness, tickling cough, oatarrh, croup, This liquor to be had in any quantity, and at any price, at the Railway Hotel ONLY, Advice free at any time. Angelo J. Viney Railway Hotel, Windsor, proprietor. Estab. ished 10 years, f By advertisement in anoiher column, it will be seen that the Elton Family appear in the School-room, New-street, this Friday and Saturday evenings. This company is highly spoken of by the country press. The proprietor, Mr. Elton, is a really talented man, and with his accomplished wife, sisters-in-law, and young sons, pro vides an entertainment which is unique and varied. A frequent cause of complaint among those who, desiring a quiet hour at evening, avail themselves of the privileges afforded by the local School of Arts, is that all the embryo larrikinism of Windsor-and it seems to be a big assortment-do congre gate outside the building, making noisy and objectionable remarks and indulging in much unnecessary horse-play, to the infinite annoyance of the peace of paper loving persons inside. Attention is directed to Mr. D, Holland's advertisement in this issue. Sickness, especially colds, are very preva lent in the district at present. The usual large number of spielers, , pick-pockets, and other undesirable gentry were present at the Show yesterday. Mr and Mrs P. Carroll, of George-street, who have been up-country on a few weeks' holidays, returned home last week. Messrs. Hough Bros, willhold a sale of valuable Richmond property, at their yards, Richmond, on Saturday, 15th inst. A local shop-keeper will have the next Distract Court to himself, having already issued 30 summons against debtors. Only for the grand fall of rain experienc ed recently, the drive to the show- ground would have been anything but pleasant. A phrenologist, who also gi^es a musical entertainment, has been attracting small audiences at the School of Arts during the week. Numbers of young trout are said to have been seen in the Grose, and a few were caught the other day by a disciple of Izzao Walton. A church parade takes place in Richmond this Sunday when the members of" A" and " D" of 3rd. Regiment, with Band, will take part. A wordy warfare took place at the local Police Court on Tuesday last, between the Sergeant and Mr. McCauley, on a question in the language case. The visiting phrenologist gave five reasons on Tuesday evening last why he kept his hair long. The local barbers, however, still maintain that he should "get his hair cut." If you cannot obtain " Myfa Tea" in your district, write to D. MITCHELL and Co., George Street, Sydney, who will arrahge for a supply at once through the local Storekeeper.* The Rev. T. W. Dunn, of Newtown, Sydney, is to deliver a lecture in Windsor on Tuesday evening, the 18th, in the School of Arte, the subject being " Faces we meet and how to read them." . ...... Petty thieving is being pretty exteh&ively; carried on just npw, and householders com plain thot it is not safe to leave any port able articles in their back yards unless they lock the gate and let the dog off the chain. Mr. A. Gf Walker, son of Hon W. Walker, has been playing in a cricket match with a Western Australian fifteen against Giffen's Australian eleven at Kalgoorlie, Western Australia recently, and scored well with the bat. It is reported th&t; Mr C. Cross, of Caddai, who is regarded as one of the best rough riders in the Hawkesbury, met with severe injuries to one of his legs the other day. If such is the case, it is hardly likely that he will ride the demon buck-jumper at the Show this Friday afternoon. The* several exhibits at the Shew, -of articles made from common corn-husks will serve to prove that there is a use for every thing if the people only have brains enongh to note the fact. One of the best exhibits in this line was a " flop" hat, made out of corn-husks by Mrs. W. C. Barker. J It is really time that the Council dicL something in the direction of opening up an outlet for the water which accumulates in front of what is known as Key's premises, in George-street, and where the occupants were nearly flooded out a few days*} ago when a heavy shower fell. It is unfair that the grievances of taxpayers should be neglected in this fashion. It is rumoured that there is a Crown Jewel pony to be at the Show, and that it will be entered against the bucking horse which is to oome from up-country. This pony is a dreadful animal to buck, and will also kick when one is off his back. There is only one man who has ever been able to keep on his back out of about twenty who have tried to ride him. He has not been ridden for about six months. Another young Hawkesbury native has succumbed to tjphoid fever in West Aus tralia. Mr. J. B. Nowlan (son of Mr. M. Nowlan, of " Mountain View," Richmond), died in Perth on Sunday last. Only a few weeks ago, the deceased, in company Mr. H. Eather, and Mr Smith, his brother-in law, went to the western colony, and was not there long before he fell a victim to typhoid. The late Mr Nowlan was a gene ral favourite throughout the district, and much sympathy is felt for the bereaved family, 