For Whitsuntide. Tho "Comforter. (Part of a sermon by the late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon.) But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghpst, whom the Father will send in My name, He shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I haye said unto you.-John xiv.-26. Good old Simeon called Jesus the'consolation of Israel ;" and so He was. Before His actual appear ance, His name was the Day Star; cheering the darkness, and prophetic of the rising sun. To Him they looked with the same hope which cheers the nightly watcher, when from the lonely castle-top he sees the fairest of the stars, and hails her os the usher of the morn. When He WES- on earth, He must have been the consolation of all those who were privileged to be His companions. We con imagine how readily the disciples would' run tu Christ te4-tell Him of their griefs, and how sweetly with that matchless intonation of His voice, He would speak to them and bid their fears begone. ¿ike children, they would consider Him as their Father; and to Him every want, every, groan, every sorrow, every agony, would ait once be carried; and He, like a wise physician, had a balm for every wound; He had mingled a cordial for their every care; arid read'ly did He dispense some mighty remedy to allay all the fever of their troubles. Oh! it must have bèen sweet to have lived with Christ. But now HE WAS ABOUT TO DIE. Great prophecies were to be fulfilled, and great pur poses were to be answered, and therefore Jesus must go. "It is right I should go away from you," said Jesus, "for if I go riot away, the Comforter will not come." Jesus must go. But hear how kindly Jams speaks: "I will not leave you comfortless, I will pray the Father, and He shall send you another Comforter, who shall be with you, and shall dwell in you for ever " He would not leave those few poor sheep alone in the wilderness; He would not desert His children and leave them fatherless. Albeit, that He had a mighty mission which did fill Hie heart and hand; albeit that he had so much to perform that we might have thought that even His gigantic intellect would bs overburdened; albeit He had so much to suffer, that we might suppose His whole soul to be concentrated upon tbe thought of the sufferings to be endured; yet it was not so; before He left He gave soothing words of comfort ; like the Good Samaritan, He poured in oil and wine; and we see. what He promised: "I will send you another Comforter-one who shall be just what I have been, yea, even more; who shall console you in you.r sorrows, remove your, doubts, comfort you in your .afflictions, arid stand as my vicar on earth, to do that which I would have done, had I tarried with you." Before I discourse of ? . THE HOLY GHOST AS THE COMFORTER, I must make one or two remarks on the different translations of the word rendered. "Comforter." The Rhemish translation has left the word un translated,' and gives it "Paraclete.". "But the Paraclete which . is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in My name, He shall teach you all thiugs." This is the original Greek word, and it has somei oLher meanings besides "Comforter." Sometimes it means the monitor or instructor: "I will send you another monitor, another1: teacher." Frequently it means. "Advocate;'.' but the most com mon meaning of the word is that which we have here: "I will send you another Comforter." How ever, we cannot pass over those other two Inter pretations without saying something upon them.' "I will send you another teacher." Jesus Christ had been the official teacher of His disciples whilst on earth. They called rio man Rabbi except Christ. They sat at no men's feet to learn their doctrines; but they had them direct from the lips of Him who "spake as never man spake." "And now," says He, "when I am gone, where shall you find the great infallible teacher?" Ye are not to be carried away with the craftiness of men, nor sleight of words, this is the authoritative oracle, the Holy Ghost, resting in the hearts of His children. THE OTHER TRANSLATION IS ADVOCATE. Have you ever thought how the Holy Ghost can be said to be an advocate? You know Jesus Christ is called the Wonderful, the Counsellor, and Mighty God; but how can the Holy Ghost be said to be an advocate ? I suppose it is thus: He is an advocate on earth to plead against the enemies of the cross; .the Holy Ghost is the advocate also in men's hearts, when He pleads in the soul-of sin, of righteousness, and of the judgment tocóme; and then, too, He advo cates our cause with Jesus Christ, with groanings that cannot be uttered. Having thus explained the Spirit's ofilce as teacher and advocate, we come now to the translation of- our version-the Comforter, and let me tell you some of the attributes of His comfort, so that you may understand how. well ! , adapted He is to your case. And first, wo wi remark that God the Holy Ghost, ls j I, ; A VERY LOVING COMFORTER. '. ; I am' In distress,' and want consolation. Som passer-by hears of my sorrow, and he steps with in," sits down, and essays te cheer me; he speak soothing words; but he loves me not,; he is < stranger, he knows me not at all, he has only com In, to try his skill; and what ls the consequence His words run o'er- me like oil upon a slab o marble- (.hey are like the pattering rain upon th« rock; they do not break my grief; it stands unmoved as adamant, because he. has ho love for me. .. But let some one who loves me dearly as his own life come and plead with me, then, truly, his words are music; they taste, like honey; he knows the pass word of the. door, of my .-heart, and my ear is at tentive to every word; I catch the intonation of each syllable as it falls, for it is like the harmony of the harps of heaven. Oh! there is a voice in love, lt speaks a language which is its own, it is an idiom ánd an accent which none can mimic; wisdom can hot imitate it ; oratory cannot attain unto it ; it is love alone-which can reach the mourning heart; love ls the only handkerchief which can wipe the mour ner's tears away. And is not the Holy Ghost" a Iovlng:iComforter.? Dost thou know how much the Holy. Spirit loves theo ? Canst thou measure the love- of the. Spirit. Dost thou know how great is His affection towards thee? . Go, measure heaven with thy span; go, w^igh the mountains in the scales; go, take the ocean's water, and tell each drop;"go, count the ; sand upon the sea's wide shore; and when thou hast accomplished this, thou canst teil how. much He loveth thee. Surely He is the Person to-.cpmfort thee, because He loves,. . Admit Him, then, to your heart. But next HE IS A FAITHFUL COMFORTER. ; Love sometimes provfth unfaithful. "Oh! sharper than a serpent's.tooth" is an unfaithful friend! Oh! far more bitter than"'the gall, of bitterness, to have a friend to turn from me in my distress! Oh! woe of woes, to have one who loves me in my prosperity, forsake me in thc dark day of my trouble. Sad, indeed; but such is not God's Spirit. He ever loves, and loves even to the end-a faithful Comforter. Child of God, are you in trouble? A little while ago you found Him a sweet and loving Comforter; you obtained relief from Him when others were but broken cisterns: He sheltered vou in His hiwom. nt\ñ carried you in Hia arms. Oh, wherfore dost thou distrust Him new ? Away with thy fears ! for He is a faithful Comforter. "Ah! but," thou sayest, "I have distresses greater than you can conceive of; wave upon wave rolleth over me; deep colleth unto deep at the noise of the Eternal's waterspouts," Nevertiielees, He will be faithful to His promise. "Ah! but I have sinned." So thou hast, but come to Him in all boldness of faith; tell Him thou hast grieved Him, and He will forget thy wandering, and will receive thee,again; the kisses of His love shall be bestowed upon thee, and the arms of His grace shall embrace thee. He is faithful; trust Him; He will never -deceive you; trust Him, Ha will never leave you. Again, HE IS AN UNWEARIED COMFORTER. I haye sometimes tried to comfort persons that have, been tried. You now and then meet with the case of a nervous person. . You. ask, "What is your trouble?" You are told, and you essay, if possible, to remove it, but while you are preparing your artil lery to batter the trouble, you find that it has [shifted its quarters, and is occupying quite a differ ent position. You change your argument, and begin again; but lo, it is again gone, and you ore ¿bewildered. You feel like Hercules cutting off the ever- growing heads of the Hydra, and you give up your task in despair. You meet with persons whom it is impossible to comfort, reminding one of the man who locked himself up in fetters and threw the key away, so that nobody could unlock him. I have found some in the fetters of despair. "Oh, I am the - man," say they, "that has seen affliction ; pity me, pity me, O my friends;" and the more you try to comfort such people, the worse they get; and . therefore, out of all heart, we leave them to wander alone among the tombs of their former joys. But the Holy Ghost is never out of. heart with these whom He wishes to comfort. He attempts to. comfort us, and we run away /rom the sweet cordial; He gives some sweet draught to cure us, and we will not drink it; He gives some wondrous potion to charm away all our troubles, and we put it away from us. Still He pursues us; and though we say that we will not be comforted, He says we shall be, and when He has said, He does it; He is not to be wearied by all our sins, not by all our murmur ings, And,-oh, HOW WISE A COMFORTER IS THE HOLY GHOST. Job had comforters, and I think he spoke the truth when he said, "Miserable comforters are ye all.'' But I dare say they esteemed themselves wise; and when the young man Elihu rose to speak, they thought he had a world of impudence. Were they not "grave and rever-ond seniors?" Did not they comprehend his grief and sorrow? If they could not comfort him, who could? But they did not find -out the cause. They thought ho was nd*; really a child of God, that he was self-righteous^ and they gave him the wrong physic. It is a bad case when the doctor mistakes tho disease, and gives a wrong prescription, and so, perhaps, kills the patient. Sometimes, when we go and visit people we mistake their disease, we want to com fort them on this point, whereas they do not re quire any. such comfort at all, and they would be . better left alone than spoiled by such unwise com forters as we are. But oh! how wise the Holy Spirit is! He finds out the root of the matter, He sees where the complaint, is, and then He applies the knife where something ia required to he taken away, or puts a plaster where the sore is; and He never mistakes. Oh! how wise, the blessed Holy Ghost! from every comforter I tum, and leave them all, for thou art Ho who alone givest the wisest consolation. Then mark HOW SAFE A COMFORTER ; the Holy Ghost is. All comfort ia not safe; marie that. Alas! the comfort of the world ie vain; and when a Christian gets into distress, how many will recommend him thia remedy and the other. "Go and hear Mr. So-and-So preach; have a few friends at your house; read such and such a consoling volume;" and very likely it is the most unsafe advice in the world. The devil will sometimea como to men's souls ss a false comforter, and he will say to the soul, "What need is there to make* all this ado about repentance? you are no worse than other people," and he will try to make the soul believe that what is presumption is the real assurance of the Holy Ghost; thus he deceives many, by falso comfort. Ah, there have been many, like infants, destroyed by elixirs given to lull them to sleep; many have.been ruined by the "cry. of "peace, peace," when there is no peace, hearing gentle things when they ought to be stirred to the quick.' ? Cleo patra's asp was brought in a basket of flowers; and men's ruin often lurks ia fair ana sweet . speeches. But the Holy Ghost's comfort ls safe, aud you may rest ou it. Let Him speak the word, : and there ls a reality about it; let Him give the cup of consolation, and you may drink lt to the bottom, for in Its depths there are no dregs, nothing to intoxicate or ruin, lt ls all safe. Moreover, the Holy Ghost is an active Comforter-He does not comfort by words, but by deeds. Some comfort toy'"Be ye warmed ami be ye filled, giving nothing." (But the Holy Ghost gives, He intercedes with Jesus; He gives us promises, He gives us grace, and so . He comforts us. Mark, again, He is always a euccessful Comforter; Pie never attempts what He* cannot accomplish. Then, to close up, He is an ever-present- Comforter, so that you never have to send for Him. Your God is always near you, and ?when you need comfort lu your distress, behold, the word is nigh thee, it ls in thy mouth, and in thy heart; He is an ever-present help in time of trouble. I wish I had time to expand these thoughts; but I cannot. 