The Slictchcr. Weaver and Shoddy's Athletic SDOPtS. A Queer Story from Lancashire. One of tbe staff of large Lancashire firm, whom for oonvenlence soke we will call Means. Wearer, Slioddy, uud Co., sends the " Weekly Telegraph" mi hc oouot of on event which attracted some attention at the Ann's recent athletic sports. He wtltee We ell fended Speedyman for the iniie race at our ptaolc. The ttrin of Weaver, Shoddy. and Co., general warehouse men, of O-, made quite a feature of their nnniiaj athieitic sports, the events being confined to employees of the Snn. Speedymaai was a well-known distance runner, and the numerous trophies woo during his atttietic wmwp made us look upon his sneeess as a dead certainty. Tbe nrile was tbe principal race of die day, and (lie first prize, a valuable sil ver gup, had been exhibited to admiring crowds in tbe shop window of our locaA Silversmith foe ; several days. About three weeks before the picnic a now eterfc took Us place amongst us in the general office ; (lis noma wqs Turtou. He was tall and ateuder, and walked With a alight limp. We very soon bad Mm weighed up; be was as luuoceut and guileless as a child. When our fel lows discovered what a simpleton lie TOS, (bey told Mm BOme remarkable Hiiaa, and- he swallowed them all, mid asked questions about them. One morning he heard about our races, and wien he signified his intention of oompetlng ageiiwt Speedy man and Ron some In the mile we were delighted be yond measure and anticipated n uratn moth lack. He was thirsting for Infor mation, and we were Just as eager to impart it " What of clothes shall 1 run in?" he asked, when Jones and I were dis cussing Weirdie's chanoe In tbe " quar ter." " Short dm were and pumpB," answer ed Jones. <. Do yon mean low shoes ?" " No, yon Juggins I Haven't you ever seen a pair of running'pumps ?" "Tm-ss, I remember now, they're made of rubber with canvas tops." i " Canvas tops be bauged! they're ( light, spliced shoes made specially for rmudng; you'll get a pair at Mender and Maker's In Market-street." Ob, he was a " thlck'unl" I never came serosa such a greenhorn in all my days! He wanted to know what kiud oC bo would require, and seemed quite abashed to learn tliait it | was tbe custom to dispense wltb them aMogabher. His simple questions w«re. retailed for tbe edification of our friends la other departments of tbe warehouse. He said bis aunt was very particular ' and objected to him running without something on his legs, an asked If he would be allowed to wear socks. " You «w wear gaiters and a top-hat If you like," I answered, " but you won't find Speedy man Indulging in any such I foolishness." j it was a treat, a muff like him think ing he had even a ghost of a chance I I About ten days before the picnic Tur ! ton told me he bad gone Into training ; i some one bad informed Ulm that skip ! ptng was good practice, so he got Top . lias to go wltii him to buy a pair of skipping-ropes. t 1 never doubted htm In the least until j Johnny Harrobln, who lives at Carn i ham, asked me If I knew a chap named j . Turton. I " There's a fellow of that name wrai ns," I replied ;" a tall, tflilu chap, with a , red he«(C" ". , " That's the men," said Johnny ; be s ?a regular demon to run. He lives near me, and I often see him taking a spin on the Fulsiuuw running track. Lost Wednesday he gave Harold Gee fifteen yards and a beating In the half-nille." " Yon must be mistaken ; he's lame or something ; a regular swankey bullt'un. 1 Why, he's as green as grass and Isn't fit to run tor toffy." " Don't you be so dead sure on tflueut point," remarked Johnny. " It's my ptrlvajte opinion that he'll make you lot look green. Why, Gee Is quite as faust ' as Speedyman In the half, and very little ! worse in the mile. Your greenhorn lias ! a rich thing oh, and evidently means to ' rake In tie shekels to a ulce little tuno. I johnny was a great authority on pe destrianlsm, so .that his rcvelatfous raised giave suspicions In my mind. Was , Turton really the unsophisticated being we imagined ? In spite of our continual chaffing he had entered' for both the balf-mlle handicap and the scratch mile. Would a novice have had the elit^k to I compete on equol terms with the re doubtable Speedyman ? ! .. Look here, Turton," 1 said, when I I reached -business ; " I had no idea you were su<Sh a champion at running ; Har I robin, a friend of mine, says you can beet any of the Fulslmw chops." I His sortie was enough ; it banished ail , I mv doubts, and I knew wlmit willy asses | we were. We had Judged entirely from HitiMOTrauccs, and swallowed everything 'that our intended victim bad thought de sliwblc. " Oh, wluut fools we hurt been! .. Don't split," said Turton. " I think I enn about win both events. Before I came to C I was considered the best distance runner in the Swinford Har riers, and linve won no end of prizes. I stilpulnted that .Tones should be let into the sewed, and after some demur be wSuetantly consented, on condition I tlisit no one else WHS told. The Thurs day before the race Jones, llnrrobln, j anil I itwomjKiiifed hint to the FxlsJi'i«' I grounds to time lilni, and lie fairly ' opened on]' eyes. He did tin* mile In i 4tuln. 44soc., and finished as fresli as a i daisy. Saturday way a beautiful day, and we drove to L.ivenford Park, where (lie I ' sports were held. Nineteen waggon- ] I Cites tilled with n merry, but nosiy si«t l of fellows caused a considerable sensn | tlon In the quiet vlllaces through which i we i»as«i ti. In the :ifl.?unm-i Hie races were de cided. O.irdlner won the " qunrter" In line st\ le. and then Spcedymini. ltail ? some, and Tmlon faeed Hie starter for Hie scratch >. He. They put away nicely. Mini Haiisome made the pace :i cracker {,,,. nvi. lap:., then Si:eedyinan i-liilt lenp vl liiiii and raced neck and neck, will Turton n few yards behind. The 1,1*1 named was the btnt 'it most of the spiM.itors, and "<!'. It. cripple!"-Ills mih'o lilcl.-Diinic was tlie cripple-whs Khonted ilt ro-lvcly at I he start : but Whop lie sell lid Into a low. swccplii!; Klrld.' and kept >\ith I lie others. Jeering gave way to iim.izenietit. Hansiin.' Wis lompletly run oil' his j legs at three laps, aud retired ; tlwit Turton oKiscr up and a magnificent Hfnip^lo cr.inniouciil. The two men ran t«BV"tliw .'H n I ivmendoufl paeoi and, lltrliUnc for every iucli, Turtou gradu ally forged ahead, until he held a lead of :il>i>iu live jjii Is. Two hundred yards from home Speedyman made a lost, de spairing cffoii and drew level ; but Tur tou was not to he uaught napping, find a ivaAl won easily by 11 ft ecu yards, ninlilst great excitement. There was some botJior about the han dicapping of the half-mile, In wlhlch Tur ton wots receiving fifty yards start, but when be agreed to start from scratch with Speedyman he was cheered lustily. He ran second to Unwin, to whom he was conceding forty yards, aftar a tight race. " We spoiled the EgypWaus tfliat day I" II wn« a lesson to the directors, and our rule* have been so altered since then that It Is not likely any unknown cham pion will again. capture the principal prize at Weaver, Shoddy, and Oo.'s aHh lotlc sports. 