Ou the Plains oí thc Maremma The name of Maremma is given to a large extent of insalubrious land which borders the Mediter ranean, whether insalubrious because uncultivat ed, or uncultivated because insalubrious, is a prob lem which has not yet been solved. Though both modern science and quickened national enterprise have of late years been applied to its solution, the results accomplished have been unconvincing. The Tuscan part of the Maremma stretches inland nearly to Siena. Beginning at the north a few miles from Leghorn, it extends to the ancient frontier of the Pontifical States, from whence the s£>me immense tracts of sparsely cultivated and malarial territory continue under the name of the Roman Maremma and Campagna to the gates of Rome. There is no hard-and-fast border line between the healthy and unhealthy land, but the transfor mation is a gradual one, the villages become ra rer, the cultivated land diminishes, stretches of wood and bog are more frequent, until we no lon ger Bee any houses by the roadside, but only here and there in the distance some small gray hamlet perched on the top of a rocky hill, '-'like roosting falcon musing on the chase." On the hillside near such oases, some fields, a few olive treeB, and then again begins the woodland, largo forest trees, then groves of beeches and oaks, lop ped continually for firewood, the forest full of dangers and alarm, with its ponds and bogs and labyrinths, a hiding place for anything from a ghost to a brigand; in short, the typical forest of the Maremma. Toward the Mediterranean coast the hills become less abrupt, and along the shore, and up the broader valleys which diverge from it, stretch immense extents of undulating grass lands seemingly uncultivated, but which really are sown piece by piece in regular rotation every ten years. It is toward these plains that the migratory flocks gather to pass the winter, and here we may study a curious phase of life only possible in given circumstances of climate, of traditional customs, and of property. The large properties in the Maremma, consisting of pasture land and forest, have often a villa or castle for the accom modation of the proprietor on his flying visits, but always a factor's house, which is the centre of the administration for the buying and selling of the timber, the cattle, the lambs, and the cheese; tho direct management of the flocks is, however, in the hands of the head man, or "Ver gaio." From him the so-called "Vergheria" de», rives its name, the house, the centre of business and of amusement, the general meeting place, the temporary hospital. It is a large log house, con structed in the midst of the pasturage, usually on high-lying ground, and if possible near a water course. Its shape is circular, the diameter being abcut GOft; it has a solid framework of logs lined with wattle work of canes, and covered externally with Ulick thatch. This structure is completed by a conical roof surmounted by a cross (the apex being left open for tho escape of smoke). Two doors of wattle and thatch give access to this cabin on the east and west. Two smaller doors in the interior lead on the north into a large shed in which the cheese is stored, and on the south into a smaller cabin inhabited by the "Vergaio." The wall spaces within the large circular cabin are divided by posts and planking into stalls, which aro again divided transversely by two di visions so as to form so many box-like beds, the spaces between tho lower hori zontal planks and the floor being used as a ward robe and store cupboard by the occupants of the respective beds, while from the dividing posts hang saddles, bridles, spurs, tassels, and decora tions of every kind. In the centre of the build ing a rude circle of stones is formed, in which a large wood firo burns. A stout pole, supporting a movable wooden arm at right angles, is planted by the fireplace; from the end of the arm hang a chain and hook, by means of which the huge cauldron for boiling the milk is suspended over the flame, or swung back to rest on the round cushion of withes on tho hob. The same method is used with the pots in which the men cook their meals of polenta, etc. The prettiest little baby in the world.-Our own, of course. 