LAYING A GHOST. For moro than a week the Penguin hud lain at anchor m the littlo harbour at Bastia. She n as a small schooner, a weather-beaten, lubberly craft, with her yardB splintered nnd one of her masts broken, yet she looked strongly picturesque, standing with bare poles against the flaming sunset sky, as I allowed my httle boat to drift before the gentle Aboard the crafb there wore no signs of life visible, and I knew that Muggins must bo ashore filling himself with rum, as was his custom when Captain Darke was absent. My old friend, the captain, had boon beating about tho Mediterranean with his lubberly echooner for half a ecore of years, and so ho might etill havo been engaged but .for tho arrival of u letter at Bustia telling him of a nenly-inberitod foitune left him by an uncle who had boon living id Florence. But upon receipt of the good news he was off at once, leaving his disabled schooner in charge of. Muggins, an old sailor who was moro honeBt than sober. As my boat drifted alongside tho Psnguin I per ceived a ropo trailing over tho port Hide, and, making my little craft fust, I drew myself upon deal:. I looted about me, but no one was visible. It was evident that I was the only soul aboard tho Penguin. I threw myself on a camp-stool in the shadow of tho soil nnd fell to regarding tho range of dark hills that rose back of the romantic little city. Presently I was interrupted by the sound of oars, and h few moments later Muggins' tawny hend Appeared over the rail. He started when ho snw ine, and was about to beat a haBty retreat when my voice stoppod hioi. ' BleHR me, I thought you wore a phost, I did, by the powers !' ho said, seomiug well pleased that his fears had not been realized. ' Well, now, what tho deuce is thero about me, MuguiiiB, to make,you think mo a ghost P' I Hskud. ' Oh, it isn't that you look like a ghost, Mr. Raymond,' ho returnod, apologoticnlly. 'But, you cee, when a cove is looking to see a ghost, he's pretty certain to take the first live thing hit oyes 1'all on for what he's looking for.' ' Then you were expecting to see something of the supernatural kind ?' 'That's a fact, Mr. Knyuiond, though 'tain't often a covn is bolioved when ho tolls such a story. There's a ghost on this old hulk, or else I'm loaiug my eyesight.' ' Aud you really beliove in such nonsense ?' ' I believe what I Bees, that's all.' ' What did you me P' '?'Well, since you ask, I don't mind telling' you. Ton eee, since Captain Durko went away aud tho crew wan dioehnrgod, thu Penguin has been undor my onro, and I havo been sleeping aboard the vaasol aud sponding most of my time here. ' Last night about two o'clock I woke, thinking I beard something moving near me. I wai Bleeping in my cot on the deck, and n» I looks about me I sees a woman, all in white, moving like a spectre right by tho hatchway. While I was watching, it seemed to sink into the deck and disappear. ' I'm not the man to run away from u single night-prowler, but I felt qucor-liko at this, and can't see how a woman coulrt be on the Penguin. Thinking she might have descended the companion- ladder, I goes down with a lantern, but fludu nothing. Then I looks all over tho ship with tho same reiult. I slept no moro that night, nnd though I look after the ship during the day, I shan't sleep here again if I know mysoif, call it ghost or what you will,' With this he picked up a lantarn aud descended to hin bnat that lay alongside1 ' Then I ahull spend the night here and lay your ghoat for you,' I laid. ' You'll groatly oblige mo if you will,' ho re turned, ' thr.ngh I'll bo blowed if I think you'll succeed. Good evening, Mr. Raymond. I'll drop alongside early in tho morning and eeo how you fared. There's the key to my cabin,' ho nddod, tOBBing tho key upon the dock. ' You'll Hud pipes and plenty of tobacco, and a sip of rum in a decanter, if you look close. Now again good night to you.' Hia oars dipped into tho water, nnd he was gone. ? Dusk' was already settling over tho water. I took a soat on the dock and lit a cigar, nnd began running ovnr in my mind aome of tho events that hod befallen mo since ray arrival in Corsica. Pormoro than throe months I had been staying in the romantic littlo island, finding a restful charm in- its quiet eeolusion that was n pleasing contrast to tho life I had bcion sponding for the past two years in the gay capital of the routless and pleaaure-loving EVenou; One ia not likely to expect to meot with adven tines of the thrilling kind in tho peaceful precincts of llastia, yet aomothing bordering upon this had ooino to my lot less than n month before. For the amateur nrfciBt tho quaint little city will furnish runny subjects for th& poncil and brush, and I had made good ray opportunities since my arrival. ' ? The moat pmod among my collection was tho portrait of Veda, the littlo Corsican fruit-aellor. Thero waa [something fascinating iu her vory pose, and the dnrk beauty of her faro had drawn ino to her ao if by iiomo subtle witchery. ' Ono evening, ub I was strolling through tho atrnnta. T liunrrl s. nrv of mni'hnl fcnrror nninn from tho court of a ruined building where several poor familicB had takon tUeir abode, »nd ontoring hastily I pnrooivod an aged woman, a witherod hair, with upliftod knife, in' tho aafc of striking ii girl who rrna crouched in the corner of tho wall. I atruok tho knife aside, and the would-be ruurdoroRB fled, leaving mo faop to face with Veda, the intonded victim. Shn only pnusod a*moinent to press a ktse upon my hnnd i then she nlippod through a gnp in tho wall and was gone. That wna tho laut I hud soon of hor. To my iuqnirioa regarding her whereabouts I received no information, excepting n bit of hor piiut history which told mo that hIio had belonged to a wonlthy nnd influential family, and that aho hqd reooivod a finished eduoatiou. But revornes had oomo ; her father hud fallen a viotitn to a droadful vondotto, and oho had finally boon loft a' ponnllesn orphan. ? I whs docply infcnrested in ljor, hut- no cno could ' give mo the slightest due as to whither she had flod, '. Rtill I had lingored about the plaoes I mod to eoe her. Whs I in love with the little Coraicrin beauty P Her fftuo v/ould como boforo my mental vision nsloop or waking, bringing a ewoot nnusation I had ? never boforo experienced ; and yet I tried to dis miss hor from wy mind. I nab smoking Hor some houra upon tho dock of tho Penguin, watohing tho yollow lights dancing in tho romuutio little olty, and drinking in tho fresh, sweet nir of tho uight that stole up from tho Mediterranean. It was about olovon o'clock when I stretched uay aoK upon tho not which Muggine had plaood upon the duck. I foil twloop soon aftor, and dreamed of JlugRinn'a gbotit. Ic seemed till at somo strango prosonoo oamo to ino— a woman, beautiful boyond any droam ; and lunb as I reached out to touoh hor nho vanished, leaving only h faint odour of somo Btrango owoet porfumo. I awoke Bttddunly with that inexplicable souBntion that; sometimes tolls ua of thu uuooon pro Bonoo of another. I sat up and looked about ino in vnguo be wilderment, Tho moon had risen out of tho son . and wan tluodlng tho doolc with ito mallow radi HUGO. ...... . _ Aii my mind grow moro composed I dotootod a subtle porfumo on tho nl(ihtalr— tho Bauio that hud oomo to mo in my dtonra. ' Was It only tho effect of my imagination P No ; . there oould ba uo niistnkn as to its roality. Some thing white lay at my foot j I plokad It up ; iti wns a delicate pleoo of ouibroldered Hnon, nnd oxnnlod tho brouth of porfumo that boforo greeted wy fl°Whllo I stood bowlldorod at tho amassing oir oumBtnnoe, I porooivod a whlto form oinerfro from the hatohway and inovo forward with a slow, «lld 'i itood'apuoahloae,' atnrlnR at tho strongo flguro, tho words ?of the suporatltiouB Muggins .ooiuing with sudden force to' my mind, and in spito o( my utter dlabellof In tho sailor's absurd story, aorae ttilnc Hko a fooling of awo oarao over mo. I siod Immovable, watching tho .flguro m id enmo toward me. Ao It drew no«r, I po'olvod that Hi wao a girl, and ao tho moonbeam. i foil onthepalo ?fttco I rooounUod It aa belonging to Voda Dorlos, 4ho little fruit- aollor. Her eyes were wide open and staring vacantly ahead in a way peculiar to the somnambulist. She was a sleep-walker ! The thought came to me like a flush. Yet what could account for her presence aboard the Penguin,? Without attempring to answer the puzzling question, I started toward the figure but, aa I did so,' the sound of something like the dropping of an o»r in a boat come from over the port. Then a moment later the dark figure of a woman — the same I had seen making the UBsault on the little fruit seller — slipped noiselessly over the rail. Sho paused but a moment to glance about the ship, then with a cry of rase that might have proceeded from some wild animal in deadly combat, she leaped upon the unconscious girl, the blade of a long knife glint in the rays ot the moon. BouBod to action by the Bight of the murderous intruder, I leaped quickly forward, and, before the knita descended to do its deadly work, I caught tho hand that held it. But if I reckoned on an oany victory in subduing my adversary, I Boon discovered my mistake, for the woman, though aged to all appearances, seemed to poflBUBs the strength of the strongest man, and, finding herself foiled in her murderous attempt, DUO UULUUU upuU UJU TV I Ull I/UI3 UUt^CUUDR UL » panther. Coming unexpected as the attack did, it caught me oil wy guard, and before I realised my peril, the hand that held the knife was wrenched from my grasp ; then thero was a swift blow. I felt a keen pain in my shoulder as the blado entered; then h miat gathered before my eyes and I sank uucnuscious upon tho deck. When my Bensea returned it was broad daylight and I was lying in a cot in Muggins's cabin, the beautiful but troubled face of Veda bunding over me. It was a week before I was able to go aahore, and though I had a trained nurae from Bastia, Veda refused to leave me entirely in the hands of another. Well, ia that week I had' learned to love the little Coiaioiau beauty with such an intense devotion that I could not bear the thought of a separation. Her life had been one of trials and misfortunes. The old hag who had twice sought the life of Veda was prevented from taking my life by the timely arrival of Muggins, who had oomo over to the veeool in his boat just before daybreak to see how I was faring. Finding herself thwarted, she leaped into the bay, and was drowned before sho could be rescued by Muggins. She 'whb the last of the Boralodo family, between whom and the Dorics a dreadful vendetta had existed, and it was to esoape the vengeanco of tho old woman that Veda had stowed herself aboard tho Penguin, hoping to be carried to somo foreign land and thus OBoape tho violent death that constantly threatened her. Veda, and I were married, and a month later sailed for America in the Penguin with my old fnond Captain Darke, who had returnod and had the vesBel repaired. Muggins was much elated over the happy ending of my attempt to ' lay' his ghoat, though he al ways declared I had made a most lucky failure, and instead of laying the ghoat, I had myself boon layed by it. , [On Monday noxt, wo shall bogln tho publication of an Inforostlng and shnon tlonal continuous story, ontitlod -- HIS FATHER'S SECRET,' by o favourlfo author.] 