THE CHRISTIAN. By HARD CAINB. AUTHOR OF "THE MANXMAN." XIII. The stars were paling, but the day had not yet dawned, when there came a knock at the door. John started and listened.. After an interval thq knock was repeated. It wqs a timid, hesitating tap, as if mado with tho tips of the fingers- low down on the door. ...... ...... "Pralso be to God!" said John, and ho drew the slide from the grating. Ho had expected to see a face outside, but there was nothing- there. "Who Is It?" ho asked, and there come no answer. Ho took up tho lamp that was kept burnlng-ln the hall, and looked, out through the bars. There was nothing In tho darkness but an ley mist, which appeared to be rising from tho ground. . "Only another of my dreams," bo thought, and he laid his hand on tho slide to close It. Then ho heard a sigh which seemed to rise out of the grouud, and at the same moment tho dog uttered a deep bay. He laid hold of the door and pulled it quickly open. At his feet tho figure of a mar. was kneeling, bent -'double and huddled up. "Paul!" he cried In an excited whisper; Brother Paul raised his head. His faco was frightfully changed. It was grey and wasted and disordered. Ills eyes wandered, his lips trembled, and he looked liko a man who had been flogged. "Good Lord, what a wreck!" thought John. Ho helped him to rise and enter. The poor creature's limbs were stiff with cold, and he stumbled from weakness as ho crossed tho threshold. "But, thank God, you are back and no harm done!" said John. "How anxious we've been! You must never go out again — never! There' brother, sit there." The wandering eyes looked up with a suppli cating expression. "Forgive me, Brother Storm—" But John would not listen. "Hush,, brother! what have I to forgivo? How cold you are! Your hands are like ice. What can I do? There's no fire in the house at this time of nlglit —even In the kitchen It will be out now. But wait, ' I can rub you with my hands. See, I'm wurni and strong. There's a deal of blood In mo yet. That's better, Isn't It? Tingling, eh? That's right— that's good! Now for your feet— your feet will be colder still." "No, brother, go. I ought to be .kissing tho feot of everybody In the house, and' asking tho prayers of the community, and yet you M "Tut! what nonsense! Let me take off this shoe. Dear me, how It sticks! Why, you've worn it through ard through. Look! What a mercy the snow was hard! If there had been thaw, now! How far you in u s t. have walked!" "Yes, I've wandered a long way, brother." "You shall tell mo all about it. I want to hear everything— every single thing." "Thero's nothing to tell. I've failed In my errand — that's all." John, who was on his knees, drew back and looked up with a light In his oyes which no word could express. "Do you mean, then. .... Have you not seen your sister?" "No; she's gone, and nobody knows anything about' hor." "Weil, perhaps" It's for the best, brother. God's will be done, you know. If you had found her— who knows? — you might have been tempted; but tell me everything.'1 "I cannot do that;- I'm so weak, and It's not worth while." "But I want to hear, all, that happened. See, your feet are all right how — I've rubbed them warm again. Though I fast so much and look so tbin, I've a deal of life in me. And I've been pouring It all Into you, haven't I? That's be cause I want you to revive and ho strong and tell me' everything. Ilush!' speak low, don't waken anybody! Did you find the hospital?" "Yes." "Then Nurse Quayle sees nothing of your sister now! That's the pity of the life she Is leading, poor girl ! No friends, no future " "It wasn't that, brother." "What then?" "The nurse was not there." A silence followed, and then John said in another voice, "I suppose she was on holiday. It was very stupid of me; I didn't think of that. Twice a year a hospital nurse Is entitled to. " week's holiday, and no doubt " . , "But she was gone." "Gone? You mean left the- hospital?"- "Yes." "Well," In a husky voice,, "that Isn't to bo won dered at either. A high spirited girl finds It hard to be bound down to rule and regulation. But the porter — ho is an Intelligent man — ho would toll you where she had gone to." "I asked him — he didn't know. All ho could say was that she left tho hospital on the morn ing of Lord Mayor's show day." "That would be the 9th November — the day wo took our vows." There was another pause; tho big dark eyes were wandering vacantly. , "Aftor all, he is only a porter; you asked for tho matron, didn't you?" ."Yes; I thought she might ltnd'w what' had' become of my sister. But she didn't. As for Nurso Quayle, slie had been dismissed also, and nobody kuew anything about her." John had seated himself at Paul's side, and tho form Itself was quivering. "Now, that's Just like her," he said, hoarsely. "That matron was always a hard woman. And to think that in that great house of love anil pity-nohoily " "I am forgetting something, brother." "What is It?" "The porter told me that the nurse called for her letters from time to time. She had been there that night— not halt an hour before." "Then you followed her, didn't you? You asked which way slio had gone, and. you hurried aftor her?" Yes; hut half nn hour in London is a'wcdk any where else. Let anybody cross the'stroct and she is lost— more lost to sight than a ship in a storm on the ocean. And then it was New Year's Eve, and the thoroughfares were crowded, and thousands of women were, coming and going — and —What could -I do?" he snid helplessly.. John answered scornfully, "What could yon do? Do you aslc me what could you do?" "What would you have done.?" "I should have tramped every street in Lon don and looked into the face of every woman 1 met until I had .found her. I should have worn my shoes to the welt and my skfn to the hone before I sliould have eomc crawling home like a. snail with my shell broken over my head.'.' "Don't be hard on mo, brother, least of all now, whon I havo come home liko a snail, as you say, with my shell, brolton. .1 wns very tired and ill. ap.d did all I could do. If I had been strong liko yoii and brave hearted 'I might have strug- , gled longer. But I did tramp the stroets and look into tho women's faces. She must have been among them, it. she's living the life you speak of; hut God would not let mo find her. Why was it that my search was fruitless? Perhaps there was evil In my heart at first — I don't inlnd telling you that now — but I swear to you by Ilim who died for us that nt last I only wanted tp find.tny sister that I might save her. But I am such a helpless creature, and " John put Ids arm about Paul's shoulders. "Forgive me, .brother. I wns mnd'.to talk to' JWG IIIVU mill A H IHI ntnil UU (JUL U1I IIIUL CIUL'I night and stnyed at home myself. You did what you could " "You'think that — really?" "Yes, onlv at the moment it seemed as if wo had changed places somehow, and It was I who had lost a sister and been out to find her, and given un'tho search too soon nnd come hohio empty, nnd useless and brokon-splrited and " Paul was looking up nt him with a faco full of astonishment. "Do you really think I did all I could to find hor — Ihe nurso, I moan?" But John lind turned his own face awny, and there was no answer. Paul tried to say some thing, but ho nouhl not find the words;- At Inst; - in a choked voice, he murmured, "We must keep close together, brother; we are in the same bout now." ' ' And, feeling for John's hand, he took it nnd hold it, nnd they sat some- minutes with bowed heads, as if a ghost wore going by. "Thero's nothing but prayer und penance and fasting left to us, Is there?" Still John made no reply, nnd the broken crea ture began' to comfort liim. "We havo neaco hero at all events, and you wouldn't think what temptations come to you In the world when you've lost somebody, and there sepms to be nothing left to live for. Shall I tell you what. I did? It was In tho early morning nnd . I was, standing In a doorway in Piccadilly. The cabs and tho crowds wero gone, and only tho. nlghtmen were there swilling up the dirt of the . pavements with their hose pipes and water. "My , poor girl is lost," I thought. "We shall never sec ono another again. This wicked city 1ms ruined her, and our mother, who was so holy, was fond of her when she was a llttlo child." And then my heart seemed to frcozo up within me— and I did it. You'll think I was mad— I went to the police station nnd told tliem I had committed a crime. Yes, indeed, I accused myself of murder nnd began to glvo particulars. It-was only when they noticed my habit that I remembered the Father, and then I refused to answer any more questions. They put me' |u a cell,, and that was where 1 spent tho night, and next morning I denied ovorythiug and they let mo go." - Then, dropping his voice to a hoarso whisper, ho said, "That wasn't what brought me back, though. It was the vow; You can't think, what a thing tho vow la until you's broken it. It's like a hot irou.nearing your very soul, and if you wero . dying, and. at thq furthest ends pf. tlib, earth, and you had to crawl on your bunds aud knees, you would come buck — — " (To bo continued.) . ' 