CHAPTER XXXIII. That same clay Debbie succumbed to a niilcl attack of the same ferer, and she and I and a nurse from the town, who came every night and left every morn ing, wore completely shut off from the rest off the house. Mrs. Langrishe was buried the third day after her death. I saw nothing of the funeral, but the nurse told me it was not largely attended. It took place early in the morning, eight o'clock, and very few people were invited. I sent to Cork for a wreath for her, and slipped into the room at daybreak and placed it on lier cofiin. I had not seen her from the hour I laid licr out. I did not know what changes had taken place in her appear ance. To me she would only be memory henceforward, never a friend more—the living, trusting, kindly, suffering creature I had grown to care for so deeply, to pitj so much. And now three weeks have passed— Debbie is getting better. >Slie took the fever less seriously than Mrs. Lnngvishe or myself. The doctor pronounces her out of danger, and in another fortnight we can leave this hateful prison. I have seeu nothing of James Eang rislie. He went away directly after the funeral, overcome with grief, so I heard, and left us the house to ourselves. The new cook, a pleasant Englishwoman, who arrived in the midst of all the con fusion, proved herself a veritable trea sure. She was not afmid of infection, nor for ever runuing into corners and saying prayers to saints, and crossing herself as she passed the sickroom, as foolish Jiridget Lehane did. She cooked for us, anil did her share of the house work, and kept Bridget to her duties, and made us all comfortable and content; I believe Dr. Langrishc paid her a month's wage in advance, and left her in charge "of the household. He told her he was going to England, to break the news to his wife's mother, who was a very frail old lady, and to whom it would not be advisable to-write of the occurrence. And so, in his deep mourning, and with that new mask of grief worn skil fully over his dark, evil face, James Langrishc turned his back on Kuoek minoss, and I felt as if 1 could breathe freely once more 1 The cook came to me this morning with a letter from her master in her! hand. She informed me he had written asking the condition of "Miss (iray and when it would be convenient for us to move out of his house. It was then to be thoroughly cleaned and dis infected, and put in order for his return. I took the hint, as it was intended to be taken. Deborah was on the high road to recovery. If Dr. Conolly said she might'be moved, I resolved to lose not an hour in taking her away. "We would go into some clean, quiet lodg ings, near the sea, ami there she could remain until strong enough to bear the journey to London. I told her this, and quoted one or two passages from the doctor's letter. She agreed at once; indeed she seemed almost feverishly anxious to be out of the bouse. The doctor had sent us a cheque each. Mine was my salary up to the time of his wife's death, and a month added in lieu of notice. Deborah's was simply accom panied by a slip of paper, on which was written, 'Eor professional services for one mouth. Ten guineas.' I saw her face flush. She seized the cheque as if to tear it in pieces, but my hand stayed hers. 'Ho Debbie,' I said. '"VYc must pocket pride in this instance. It is strictly just that you should be paid for, your professional semces. Remember, you are not strong or well yet. We have to live, and you have to get back to England. You can't afford to throw away that money.' The colour ebbed slowly from lier face. She handed me the cheijuc with out 1 word. I placed it with my own in my purse; I determined to cash them at the Bank of Ireland in the town that afternoon, when I went to look for lodgings. . I returned from the Strand fatigued and cross. The houses were all let. is o lodgings were to be bad. It ap peared that people take tlieiu for the season, say from liar or Juue till October, paying exorbitant rentals for the worst furnished and dirtiest-looking residences it has ever been my lot to behold. I looked at some half-dozen, and rotired in disgust, more especially when I beard that the smallest, cheapest, and dirtiest would fetch £14 a month! Clearly, nothing was to be done there, so I asked if there was not such a thing as a cottage to be found, I was directed to one at the back of the Strand, at the end of a row of small, irregular little houses. It was sur rounded by fields and looked out on the sea. It had originally been two separate cottages, but an enterprising owner bad knocked them into one. The rooms went through from front to back, a window at each end. It was beautifully clean and neatly furnished. I foresaw wonders to be done with a little art-muslin and some plants and flowers. The price was moderate. A clean, tidy old woman, who lived in the kitchen, agreed to do the housework and cook, ' if 'twas plain eookin' we'd put up with.' I promised it readily, I was no inexperienced fyand at the culinary art myself. If ' plain eookin'' failed, I could throw myself into the breach. The old woman whose name, she in formed inc. was Mary Ryan, promised to have the rooms ready for us next day, and I told her we would arrive about five o'clock—in time for tea. Then I re turned to the car, and drove rapidly homo up the Bog road, which was the shortest war to fCnockminoss. I found Deborah sit ting up and look ing wonderfully better- X told her of my -success, and she seemed pleased at the idea of leaving here so soon. I spent the rest of the evening packing up our joint belongings and making a melan choly tour of the deserted rooms. If I shed some bitter tears over the memories connected with that pink bedroom and the closed and shuttered boudoir, where that poor womau had so often sat and talked to me, it was not altogether weak or unnatural. I returned to Debbie. I closed and locked the boxes. The last thing I put in was her journal. 'It is our last liiglit here,' I said, with a glance at the familiar bedroom, the paraphernalia of glasses and bottles, the what I called ' hospital look' of everything, from bare walls to bare floor. Debbie was sitting up iu an easy chair, wrapped iu her dressing-gown of olive green cashmere, with a thick, black cord girdle; a gown in which J always thought she looked like a Lady .Superior. I am sure, if ever Debbie founds a home or retreat or any thing of that sort, she will dress like that, iu loose, sweeping gowns, with a rope or c-ord confining the waist. In nothing does she look so well and so majestic. She did not immediately answer, but her melancholy glance followed mine. ' The last night,' she said, at last. Then she looked at me long and thought fully. ' Xell,' she said, ' have you considered what we are to do ? What it is our duty to do ?' A cold shiver ran through me. ' Oh, Debbie,' I cried, ' don't tell mc that you think we ought to accuse him. Have we proof? Have we anything; really to justify us? It is such a terrible, terrible thing to say of anyone, and once said we must abide by it.' ' It was a more terrible thing to do,' she answered. 'And once done, he must abide by the consequences of his deed.' I was silent, looking/helplessly at her as the stronger power, and awaiting her decision. Have you read._ it carefully ?' I asked, glancing at the diary, which I had left with her that afternoon. ' Every word. Most carefully. It is' my belief that he drugged us both oii that fatal night; but you, if you remember, only took half the coffee ho gave you ; you spilt it, fortunately for yourself. The symptoms you describe are almost identical with those you experienced after drinking some of hor "■ claret. The brain awakes, hut tlio body is like a helpless log. I can't think what it is he uses. Could I haro - slept as I did—I, whom the least noise will waken—if he had not given mo something ?' ' But if an inquiry took place the doctor would say that was the fever coming on,' I suggested. She shook her head. ' Those symptoms are not tho symp toms of fever. One is restless, sleepless, incoherent, the temperature rises rapidly, lib; Hell, I am as certain' ah that I now speak to you that the coffee was drugged.' 1 There is one thing we couhl do,'I said quickly. ' Have up Bridget, and question hor ns to whether ; her master tampered with the coffee that night.' ' You arc right,' said Debbie, eagerly. ' Have her up at ouce. And, Nell, go you over to the window there, and make a note of what she says. It will not do to trust to memory now. Here, take your diary and write my questions and her replies.' I summoned Bridget, .and she came up smiling, and dirty, and untidy, as usual. Debbie spoke a few gracious words to her, told her we were leaving to-morrow, and presented her with half a-sovereigu in our joint names. Her gratitude took the form of many bless ings and rapturous thanks. ■ . From my place ou the low hare window-scat I heard all, and noted Debbie's skilful questioning, and listened, half-amused, at her efforts to keep the girl on the one track, for it is an impossibility for an Irish person to , tell you a story without circumlocution, of divers kinds, and a tribute to the genealogical virtues of every family whose name is brought into the matter. My notes, detached from the circum locution, ran as follows :— Deb: 'Do you remember, Bridget, the evening your mistress (lied, when wc were all downstairs in the dining room ? ' Bridget: ' Bemcmbcr, is it, miss? Shurc an' I do, Iverything that hap pened is just as clear as print in mo memory; an* the ghost, too—for 'twas a ghost as sure as me two eyes ircr seo out of me head—an* Moll Duggan—» well, she knows av it, an' that Katey, poor girl—Kathleen was her name, miss, an' as fincagurl as you'd wish to see— oh. a lovely girl she was ' Deb : 1 Yes, yes, Bridget. 1 know all that, but what I want to ask you is, do von remember making coffee for us, and bringing it into the room, after supper ?' Bridget: ' I do, miss, but sarin' your prcsincc, I wouldn't tell ye a bit av a He this same blcssid night. 'Twasn't me as madeit, miss. Not likely, faith! The likes av me haudliu' the beautiful silver coffee pot. Ah, no, the master, he comes out, an' soz he to me he was most particular, an* did the kittle boil, that was afore supper, miss, an' he axes me to give him n jug, and the coffee grounds.' Deb: ' You mean the coffee itself V Bridget : * AYcll, shurc, that's the same tiling, miss. Grounds it is, an' g plinty av thim there was too, for didn't J throw thim into the bucket wid me own two hands*?' Deb: ' Then your master made the coffee that night ?' Bridget: 'He put thim groundsinfothc jug, miss, an' I poured the boiling water ou it, an' scz he, 'Fetch mc an egg to clear it,' and shurc I did. Miss. An' he stood the jug on the stove, an' tells me I'm to bring it in whin he rings, afther supper. An'- indadc it 'twas a mighty fu*s, for he had the cups set out in the pantry, an' tould me to pour the coffee into thim the minnifc as I heard the hell, an' bring 'em in on the silver tray, jist as they were.' Deborah : ' You didn't take any of the coffee yourself, Bridget, I suppose?' Bridget: ' No, miss, I did not. An' it had been tay, now, I would not liava minded a dhrop; but I'm not used .to • the coffee, miss, an' I don't ever drink,, it.' \ . > Deborah looked at me, and I at herj-. Then wo dismissed Bridget Lebane,, [to as co.vnxer» wixr wxxx. J 