X Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPOUTER. TUB INTERESTING CASE OP MB THOMAS JAIIVM, WHO SAYS THAT x FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS OlllPPLED — PARTIALLY PARALYSED, SUFFERING FROM L^oco- ]£OTOK ATAXIA, AND HELPLESS, DOCTORS HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MUST DIE AS HIS CASK WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. TO-DAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY, ms CRUTCHBS HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS 1)UAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RE- TURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT, So niuoli interest has been shown by our readers in thfs marvellotiB case that we have published the facts aqaiu as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks ago :— One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared hjm to bo one of the happiesc men in Sydney. He was up aud about aud able to answer the knock at door. In reply to the preliminary questions, lie said : " You want to kuow about my case. Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." How loug were you suffering." Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident I was badlv scalded while taking, a. bath in, Pitt-street," Sydney! Since' tlie • accident I have l}een in failiiig'bealth, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms." Simply indescribable. The paios were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw" were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, aud was a nuisance to myself aud every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23r<l March last I saw a well-known Doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order." No; I came home aud went to bed, and have been pretty well iu bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk acro.-s the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and ouly a questiou of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me aud did all he could by opium aud morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was sufieriug from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spiualcord, character? ised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinasing voluutary mover meuts. He told me that I might last for ten yeais, and that I might never get the use of "mv legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man would L'rasp at s straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I reak iu the Auxlralmn Worlxnan. by Dr Williams' Pink Pills f..r Pa.e People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to lit my own. I determined >o give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as i f was magical. I was able to eat and sleep though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was iucredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to m about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during th^past four weeks, and aui now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and ain- gradually, but surely, recovering iny former vigor and vitality. You see those crutche* here. Tb'y were made for me before I got Dr Williams Pink Pills, but I was ion weak to use tiiem, aud now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to d" without it. You seeU am rapidly regaining my strength.' "He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her kuees. "Dr Williams Pink Pills have saved his life, and made auother man of him." A frieud who called in at this point, said tint Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath. and all the feeliug has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I im I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health aud strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have beeo at any time during the past five years, I ascribe all the chauge and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in DO pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the Doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who know§ ine has been amazed at the chauge in me. They can hardly believe their eves. My being about agaiu has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, aud confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Piuk Pills tor Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as ausmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, los6 of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous beadache, etc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine ouly with the full name, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers Generally, or the Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 