personal Warden Owen, of Mt. Malcolm, and Mrs. Owen are in Perth on holidays. Inspector McKenna, of Coolgavdic, is at Fremantle on a three weeks' holiday. The death is announced of John Calvert, formerly well known in connection with W.A. mining., Mr. Percy Hocking, of the Kalgoorlk. Miner, is, we regret to hear, dangerously ill with pneumonia. Ada Cambridge, the Australian authoress, receives as much as £20 for short stories in English magazines. When Mark Twain came to Australia he awed £20,000, all of which he has now paid off. He cleared £5000 by his Australian tour. It is probable that Captain Oats, M.P., •will pay a visit to London early next year. The captain has been fourteen years in the colonies. Mr. S. 6. Campbell (the late secretary) has been invited to a seat on the board of the Imperial Western Australian Corporation,- Ltd. He the Bendbu tragedy, it is somewhat of a coincidence that the ringleader in the champion nigger-killing event of New South Wales was also named Anderson Among the visitors from the fields are Mr. C. E. Stokes, the well-known Coolgardie mining man, and Warden Burt. The former is bound east for a few weeks. Li Hung Chang, the G.O.M. of China, has appointed as first physician to his private household MisB Hu King Eng, M.D., who graduated from an American medical college. R. F. Norman, who was beaten by Moran for Kalgoorlie at the last general election, has given the colony best and gone to Sydney for good. The colony lost all claim for Norman when it refused to make him an M.P. The proprietors of the heaviest weekly in Australasia gave their staff a free feed a few evenings ago. The toasts of the proprietors, business manager, and a host of smaller fry were drunk—but the editor's name was left out. Taste! W. L. Howarth, an ex-Mayor of Menzies, was fined £5, with 3 guineas costs, for punching an auctioneer named M'Kenzie, last week; The fracas took place in the main street of Menzies, and both men got mauled about ftgood deal. ~ Henry Hess, editor of the African Critic, after heckling at Labouchere for two or thre^'months in a bald-headed style un- £hown in England -since the "Letters of Nivins," has entered an action against him for libel. This iB rubbing it in with a r; C.J,. Moran M.P., has in his possesion a beautiful specimen containing 28£ OBB.'found in the Ivanhoe Venture mine. splendid sold. The member for East Coolifefs ashareholder in the property. It is unfortunate for the Premier that his sight and left hand supporters, Hackett and Brer Alec, are at loggerheads. Hackett is .developiuga sarcastic vein : he is going td ask the House whether that £20,000 to the City Council is to be looked upon as a loan or a gift. Ata meeting of the Hotel Cecil Company, London, the chairman almost wept over the small profit made out of the colonial Premiers during the Jubilee. They were so often out on the razzle that, beyond the rentj of their puites, there was nothing to «h»rge up against them. ~ Another mystery unveiled. The "slip" which sent Adam Lindsay Gordon an exile aorocs the oo*fin and gave Australia her best loved poet was, fitly enough, over a horse. When only nineteen Gordon took a neighbors hone and won a steeplechase with it.. After < that he rode MB steeplechasers in Australia. '' . David Syme of the Age still keeps up his vrancorous hatred of WeBtralia. Day after . day not a line about our mines appears in fcib paper, whilBt theSydney Telegraph, In a city 500 miles further away, and far less 'interested financially, publishes a quarter to luLtfa column daily. It is reported that the constant bickerings between the members of the Boulder Council have resulted in certain ratepayers preparing a petition calling upon Crs. Byrne, O'Connor, and M'Carthy to resign. Whenever there's a row on—from a dogfight to Gettysburg—there's sure to be an Irishman in it, begorra. Anderson, sentenced to imprisonment for life for his share in the Bendbu tragedy is a gentlemanly looking youth of twenty, stylishly dressed, and intelligent looking— the last person in the world one would BUBpect of playing the part of Simon Legree. He is a native of Smythesdale (Vic.) and was educated at the Melbourne Grammar School. Miss Annie Campbell ("Boz"), some of whose clever sketches have appeared in this journal, left Kalgoorlie, where she has been staying for the past three months, last week for Melbourne, where she will speud her holidays with her relatives. Amongst Miss Campbell's latest sketches is one of Johu Waddington, "The Boulaer King." Four thousand persons were bidden to the private view of Marie Corelli's portrait in Grove's Gallery, Pall Mall, last month. Any other author permitting his or her picture, painted by an absolute nonentity, to be exhibited solus in a darkened room, with all the paraphernalia of a masterpiece by Holman Hunt or Millais, would have been accused of grotesque self-advertisement. But people only laugh at the author of " Barabbas." In a train in which Ranji was supposed to be travelling in New South Wales the other day there was a full-blooded negro. He sat next to a window, and was made the hero of a series of enthusiastic ovations. Women struggled and fought with each other to get near enough to audibly admire the curly wool and shiny teeth and fine eyes of the grinning and delighted son of Ham, who took the situation in at a glance and enjoyed it immensely. One of the late Henry George's best stories was about an English lord and a poacher whom he discovered snaring game on his laud. This is it —Lord: "How dare you come on my land, sir ?" Poacher : " Your land ! How do you make that out?" Lord: " Because I inherited it from my father." Poacher : " And pray how did he come by it ?" Lord: " It descended to him from his ancestors." Poacher: " But tell me how they came by it." Lord: "Why they fought for it and won it, of course. ' Poacher (taking off his coat): " Then by d I'll fight you for it." In picking the Press team , for the match Parliament v. Press, the weekly papers were ignored, and the team chosen from the members of the staffs of the two daili9». Of course we are intensely annoyed at this neglect—fancy missing the honor of playing along with "Gawd" Lovekiu ! Being extremely modest in our disposition, we would have been satisfied with being placed in charge of the refreshment bar, or of the gate, if there had been one, but even thiB small privilege has been denied us. Such is the tyranny of greatness. On November 16, at the London bankruptcy Court, the inquiry into the history of the notorious West Australian (gold district) Trading Corporation, Ltd., was resumed before the Registrar. The famouB " hundred per cent. " cablegram was again CQUrfie of tbeir exa^i nation . The great dental financier,L. H. Goodman, was also examined, and among other things he stated that he used to leave a cheque book on the Bank of England open on hiB desk with his signature affixed to e&cli; cheque. It is occasionally a good thing to be dead because it preserves one from the painful necessity - of reading the newspaper com- ments. But if ever a resurrection were to take place in this degenerate and unmiraculous ag?, we imagine that it would be caused by the following paragraph, which is clipped from the literary column of. a journal published at Port Elizabeth, South Africa ;--"* Heavy Odds' is the title of a new novel by Marous Clarke, author of that old.favorite 'For the Term of His Natural Life.' This writer has not lately been keeping himself prominently before the publio, and in these days, when new claimants to popular favor are continually, appearing, an author leapt to be quickly forgotten. It is, however, not improbably that Mr. Clarke has taken ^considerable time in the preparation of this story, for it bears all the marks of careful, patient elaboration, the plot steadily progressing from point to point, and not being given in that slap-dash 'impressionist' style whiohis now too much hi vogue." The writer of this paragraph can certainly urge that he has made no mistake in his facts. It is perfectly true that MarcuB Clarke has not lately been " keeping himself prominently before the public.' In fact, since his funeral seventeen years ago, we do not remember that he has produced any work of consequence. Still the surmise that "it is not improbable that Mr. Clarke has taken a considerable time in the preparation of this story " argues genius. There is something essentially pathetic in the idea of the literary man, even in hiB grave, working out the beginning of a new plot. We understand now how it is that nobody ever heard of a journalistic ghost. They are all busy thinking out stories to tell at the resurrection. Mr. Tun nock, surgeon dentist, of 437 Wellington-street, Perth, whose professional card appears in our advertising columns, informs us that he has recently landed all the latest and up-to-date appliances for his surgery and mechanical departments. He has now one of the most complete and best fitted and lighted surgeries iu the city, and from what ean be gleaned has secured a practice second to none in the colony. The announcement is made in our advertising columns of the ninth National Fete and Art Union to be held by the Australian Natives Association. His Excellency, Lord Brassey, has granted his presence and patronage* to the undertaking. There are £!500 to be given away m art union prizes, the first being £1000, besides which there are £129 other valuable prizes. Tickets, Is each, may be had from the local agent or from the | West Australian representative, J. D. Brownhill, Wellington-street, Perth. The proceeds in this colony will be divided among the West Australian charitable institutions. 