jjoHttfig's Jmets OR THE STMT OF A HTBTBBIOUS X0N0&&AX;, BY MBS. 4. SHELDON, Author of "Grade's Mistake," "Faithful Shirley." CHAPTER XXX. IK INQUISITIVE WOMAN HOLDS THE KEY TO a TANTALIZING XY6TEBY. " Ton must pardon an old woman's la- q ilsitiveness, my yonng Mend," Miss For t, £qie went on in an apologetio tone, as she Btw him flush again mt her question, " bnt van so closely resemble some one whom I used to know, that L confess to a reeling o! great cariosity to learn something of your history-" A'chie emiled at her frankness, and his heart leaped with sodden hope upon being told that he resembled eome one whom she had onoe known. It hd always been a greet grief to him that so much of mystery had surrounds! his mother's early lite. He bad worshipped her with &U; the strength of his bojrish heart, and many a time, during her lost illness, he had been upon tbe print of asking her to tell him something of her life, before ehe had met ble father | and who her relatives were bat tli e had evaded all enoh Inquiries so often, when ehe was well, that a feeling of deli.oioy restrained him from saying any thing to annoy her while ehe woe ill- " I cannot tell you where I was bora, Miss Fortetque," Archie replied, ob he grated himself beside the strange woman, and suddenly impelled to oonfide in her, ' for I do not know for a oertaintyi I am inclined to think, however, that it must have been in Australia, for that is the first p'ece of which I have any definite re membrance, although I have also been ia Ind<« sod France." " Who was your father t" " He was on American— a native of Massachusetts, and bis name was tbe same a mine. As far ae I know, I judge he oust have been a somewhat restless and unr)y yonng man, for he ran away from bom when he was only seventeen years old, and shipped as a Bailor. Why he never returotd to the Land of his birth and his friend, I oannot say ; my onele seemed ia- cline i to think that It was beoanse of a morbid pride— that, having defied his father, and deliberately out himself asunder from bis family, he was too proud and ob- Bti&ate; to oome book and make ovc rtsres of peace «o them. I myself have but a very indistinot remembrauoe ot him, as I was quite joung when he died. 41 A cosple of years afterward my mother married again,' Archie resumed, after a tbeorffiful pfcuae. "end for a little while we were very comfortable and happy In oui new home. But this oonditlon ot things did not last, for her husband drank, and woe very unkind to us both. Her health fioally began to fail, and she died of con sumption, when I was between twelve and tbirfc-en years of age. John Fletoher— thai was the name of my step-father— became more of a brute than ever after that ; ht put upon me the hardest and meet rep&l-; siv« work— he would even have made a thief ot me, but I ran away from him, hid myself on board a steamer bound for America, and ee escaped him." Archie then proceeded to give his listener, who appeared to be tateneely Interested in hie story, a description of that evor memorable voyage; of bis sojourn with Mr Harlew ; hie later wretched experience with John Groat, and of that romantic railway adventure near Strawberry Hill, whioh resulted eo strangely in the discovery of cis uncle. He hod nothing but pleasant Ih'nge t) reiat« regarding his after life at Sonsy- breok, ap to the time of the death of Mrs Walington, of whom he spoke with deep affection and emotion ; while his frequent re:renceB to "my cousin," were charac terised by enoh tenderness and admiration, that Mies FoiteBque woe not long in deter mining the real state of his feelings to ward her. " Toir life has been full of romanoe, my yonng friend," ehe remarked, when he had tiniebtd his story. " It is very sad that yon should have lost yonr parents when eo yonng, bat most fortunate that you fell into the hand of your unole, whs seems to have been a fine man, and deserves great credit for the manner in which he haB reared yon," " He was Indeed a great man, and 1 loved him dearly/' Archie gravely replied ; " but 1 believe that my mother moulded my cbaraoter before I wee twelve years old. I do not believe I ceuld ever hav. gone very (or aetrey as long as 1 remem- berea her and her teachings." "1 wish every mother in the world coulo he&r; yon say that, eo that they might take toe lesson to heart," said Miss Forteeqae, earnestly. " It gees to help prove a theory that 1 have always held— that tbe early inflaenoe of mothers upoc their children, does more for them than years and yean of < ducaiioa afterwaid But I imagint that yen were nnueurily fond of juors." ' ehe was the sweetest woman I ever kn;«, end she hod a way of impressing Iraki s and maxims upon my mi&d; ee that 1 have never forgotten them," Aronie re tpjoded, with great earnestness. " That is oextaialy a very high tribute to her, ' Miss Fortesque remarked. Was she an American, also 9" "No; I think sta was English by butb," M Ton think she uai Etglish— :on't you know V' No, I am not sure, for she woe exceed ingly retioent about that subject, as well as about everything else, and she never te.d me anything about ser family. She was finely educated, however, and spoke three languages with fluency. She woe mueiori, also— playing the piano, and sing ing delightfully. 1 remember telling her ccoe, that 1 did net believe an angel cauld have a sweeter voice than ehe poeeeaeefl. Whoever was/' Arohie concluded, with a feign, she hod every mark of a oa.tured Isdy about her, and I am snre that she oust have belonged to a fine family." " it is very strange that ehe never told yon anything about her parents, and the home of her childhood/' observed Miss Fortesque, regarding him curiously. ' tom, it has seemtd so to me, at least inoe 1 became old enough to reason about the matter," Arohie answered. " But tbeie was always a vein of sadness about her that was exceedingly pathetio, and 1 have rnifpM thought that her early life mast have been overshadowed by some peculiar sorrow of which she could not bear have no suspicion regarding the nature of itf" " Not the slightest" " Do you think ehe was happy with your own father f" "I am afraid not; for 1 oan remember that she used to ory a great deal before he died, and when I asked her why she did so, she would hug me to her passionately and exclaim—' Oo, Arohie, promise mamma I hut joo will ie goad mu. antblemu — ui honorable mu>' " " Do ,om mink there were any unplea sant ureomBtuiee. oonneciai with her mining, t" hi. wmpnnion inquired, with fei««utot startling eagerness. Arohie flushed and looked tie earprUe ha oonld not eonaenl it this singular ques tion. At thnt iaetnnt, ud before he eonid re ply. the gong tunneled tor lunch, ud etewnrdeei pruunted herself before Hire Forteaqne. to nseiet her down to the dining The warn in gnve n ehoit, pecnlinr lnngh u the obursed the emwed expreuion opon AioUe'affaooi M No fttabt voudhlnk I am a rude, ply- !sg» mcdATvsrina 'rid weman," Archibald Wellington," oho mid, as ehe began to dis- antauglegjUrsoUf from (many; wraps j " but let me assure yon of one thing, my friend; it is ns idle ourieslty that has prompted my queitionB I have bcosme more Interested in you than I am in the habit of becoming in stroBgere, ud I wont you to oome book here, after lunch, ud tell me more about yourself. Will yon f Arohie thought this a very singular re quest; but he could not refuse it without appearing rude, so he gave the required promise, whereupon the aged spinster trotted away, leaning upon the arm of her attendant. The young man was not hungry. The retrospective glance that he had just taken of his life, together with sad, yet tender, memories of his mother, which had come surging through bis mind while telling his story, had deprived him of hit appetite, end, feeling that he had little taste for food, he mounted to the upper deck, where he fell to muelug over Mies Fortesque's strange Interest in him, as he elowly paced back and forth. He did regard her ob Inquisitive and in trusive, in spits ol her evident desire that he would not do so, Ke thought that ehe— an utter stranger to him— had no right to presume upon his youth and good nature, and question him upon inoh a driioate master as his mother's domestic relations, while her last query had almost seemed to imply a doubt re garding the sacrednees of her marriage. The more he thought it over, the more indignant he became, and, by tbe time he woe ready to return to tbe lower deok, he had made up his mind that he would avoid the woman in future, and tell her nothing more about hie family affrirs. He intended to slip quietly awey to his state-room, where he had on entertaining book, and where he contemplated reading himself to sleep, and thne oooupy seme of the long hours before dinner. But he was destined to be disappointed iu these plans, for when he reaohed tbe door leading to the | saloon, there sat his aged companion ot the|moraing, re-enveloped in her furs and robee, and looking as if she had not moved as all. , , She had hurriedly eaten her lunoh, fer the purpose of getting back to her chair and resuming her conversation with Mm. II Ah I" she exclaimed with animation, "hete you are. Now sit right don be side me once more, for I want to talk with you again." Arohie wo tempted to tell her that he had not yet lunc&ed;, and was on hie waj down to the dining-room fer that purpose, but he was too honest to aeri in subteriuge, and, thinking of no other plausible cause to get away from her, he dropped into the chair ike indicated, and resigned -himself to tbe inevitable, but repressing a sigh of weariness and aversion. "You did not tell me whether yoa thought there might have been ah j thing unpleasant oonneoted with your mother s marriage," Mies Fortesque began, with bluntuees that rasped the yonng man e nerves almost beyond enduronoe, " 1 do not know," he briefly replied, II I con' 6 Euppose you do," eoapped his companion. 11 1 simply asked you what yoa ihoufit about it." Archie was somewhat amused at her authoritative manner, a« if ehe poBseBucd a perfect right to question him as muoh es ehe pleased, and it was his duty to meetly reply. He was also secretly iiritefced, but, afcer a moment of consideration, be re sponded— " The only thing I recall that oould pos sibly suggest enoh a euapioion is the foot thai ehe once said to me. with some excite ment ol manner—' Arohie, If you live tobe a man, never ask a girl to ran away with you, or to marry you secretly It 1b tbe meoneet tbiog a man oon do, and is always ears to end in misery.'" 'Ana ehe wee ripW, young men, mies Forteique emphatically rejoined, in a husky voice. He was astonished to see that her face had grown ghastly, and hor lips perfectly colorless' " She was right J" she repeated; "nothing but misery ever can result from such a marriage, I infer from that remark that yonr mother's may have been a secret or runaway marriage P ' she concluded, regarding him eearohiugly. " I have theugbt that might have been possible," was the constrained reply. t% What was your mother's maiden name P" " Her pfoen tame was Helen." " Helen !" and there was a shrill note of pain in tne woman's voice, as she repeated1 it. 1 Her other— tell me her surname 1' she exoltedly commanded. " x do not know— she never told me," Arohie sadly responded, but marveling _ at bis companion's strange emotion, whioh was fast oommanioating itself to him, ' You do wot isieto f Heavens I— you do not know your own mother's name?" buret from the woman in amazement. No." " What was she like ?— the color of her eyes t— her hair f Describe her to me 1" "1 have a picture ot her ; I will show it to you," Arcbie returned, more an u more perplexed and disturbed by the woman s manner. From his bes >m he drew forth the looket which he always wore, and quiokly laid it in her hands. She gave one glance at It. A shriek of agony buret from her, and then the fainted dead away, Arohie epraog to hb feet, ae that pitfi<i| cry smote upuu his ears, hie own looe almost oa white as that of the unooneoioui woman before him, He took possession of the looket, which had slipped from her nerveleea fingers into her lap, then a or ted away to hod a stewardess. . They hod been sitting by themeelvee under tbe bridge, as most ef the voyagers preferred to be to the sunlight; but when Arohie returned to Miss Fortesque, he found a ncmber of people gathered around her, her ory and hb exrited movements havbg attraoiei their ettontlon, But the women's swoon wsa not of long duration. It had been caused simply by the ahock toe had reoeived upon reoognblng tbe looket, and animation began ie re-assert itself rimoal immediately. She appeared to be maoh annoyed when bo realised what a oommotion ehe had oeoied. She drank the water whioh toe stewardess had brought her, then motioned her Impera tively away, saying, with a glance at the people gathered about hor : ' 1 It was only a momentary vertigo ; no body ntod be alarmed— I'm all right now I " The passengers immediately took the bint and retreated, thus leaving her alone with Arohie, who, new leeling sore that she held the key to the mystery whioh had ao long surrounded hb mother's early life, woe only too anxious to have Miss Fortesque explain everything to him, if he oould prevail upon her to do so. " Sit down I " toe woman commanded, as she looked up Into hb looe, end sew hew white and eager It woe. He meohanfoally obeyed her. M Give me that looket ! " ehe oentinued, holding eut a trembling hand for it. Without a word he laid it again upon her palm, when her slim fingers dried spasmo dically over it. She eat fer several moments with It olaiped thus In her hand, and looking eut over the ooean, while ehe seemed to be struggling to control some deep emotien. At length she quietly opened the gelden oase, and gezed long aid steadily at the picture within it " Helen I " she murmured, under her breath, while two great tears gathered In her eyes and relied silently over her wrinkled oheeka. Archie regarded her with Increasing oe- ionUhment " Did yon ever know hert" he asked, with a gesture indicating the picture. 'Know herj" the woman repeated, sitting ereot end lifting her heavy, sorrow ful eyes to hb faoe. ' Boy —toe was my own daughter 1 " CHAPTER XXXI, a HOZHE&'e SOD BTORY, 41 X<mr daughUrt 1" gasped the yonif men, and he rqgriwed Ids oompanlea as U he thought ehe had Budde&ly; taken leave of her senses. 11 Yes, my very own." " Then— then you must be—" " Your grandmother. Yet, if you oars to own me ae enoh," Miss Fortesque returned, with considerable bitterness. " I do net understand— I oannot compre hend I" loitered Arohie, whose mystified oountenonoe would have been an interesting study fer an artist 'That boot strange, "the woman replied, "It b no wonder that you oannot compre hend how a woman, In my position, answer ing only te the name of and figuring before the world m Mils Forteeque— a rioh eld maid— should have been the mother of thb beautiful girl, and, through her, claim relationship with you." Arabic's flashed and troubled faoe told but toe plainly how keenly her words oat him, although he mode no response. ' How strange it b," ehe resumed, after a moment of profound thought, " that earetf, whioh we suppose to have been buried eo deep that there oan be no possi bility of their ever being unearthed, should suddenly rise to oonfraut us, lite e restless ghost of the put, when we least expeot It ! Arohtbold Wellington, I have oarried euoh a seoret In tbe depthe of my soul for mora than fifty years— a secret whioh I firmly believed would go unravelled with me to my grave. Bat here, In mid ooean, I am com pelled by a stranger, o( whose exietenoe I was unaware a week age, to throw open toe innermost reoeseee of my heart, and ooufess that whioh me one new living, save myself, ever even suspected." " Madame," Archie here laterpoeed, with an ufr of proud, though qobt dignity, which made hb companion's eyes soften with en expression of uu wonted tenderness, " I beg that yea will not feel oempelied to make any revelations to me whioh may be at all harrowing to your feelings. Of ooaree it is but natural that I should desire to know the history of my dear mother, who te me was the embodiment ef all that was mast beautiful aud exalted in life ; but I would prefer te forego all euoh knowledge rather than wring from you a seoret whioh may be beto aaored and peinfol to yon." " My young friend, your kind considera tion does you greet oredtt," Miss Forteiqae remarked, as ehe bent upon him a look of approbation, "mad betrays a refinement of feeling that touobee me deeply. 1 have confessed to you my relationship to yonr mother, wbieh I have inspected from the moment when you told me that her name was Helen, and alio that you believed her to have been an Englishwoman." " There have doubtless been many Helen who were Englishwomen," Arable began smiling slightly, bnt thinking that was hardly eufiolent ground to warrant her suspicions. 11 True, but you strongly resemble yonr mother, and ibat resemblance impressed me immediately bnt this likeness settles the question with me. Bnt if I go no further In my revelations to yon -if I do not explain away oertain doubts and soeplolooe, whlob you oannot fall to entertain, you would go your way when we reaoh New York, and carry a sore heart in yonr besem all year life, and I ebon d lose a link out of trine, whioh, Blnoe I have discovered it, I would not part with uoder any riroumstanoea. Archibald, if, after I have told you the etory of my past, you oeu own and give me a little affeotlon, as your mother's mother, I believe that my declining years will be happier than I have ever dared to hope," Arable was deeply moved by this appeal, and something very like kindred leeling surged through his heart for the aged woman beside him, "Yoa have shown yourself manly end tender, from the moment of oar meeting,'' Miss Forbesqn resumed ; " your kindness &e; me— a perfoot stranger and a orabbed old woman, at that— at the hotel In Liverpool, and your thoughtful attentions slnoe, have aroused a very warm feeling in my heart for yon, and 1 am free to say that I should be very proud to claim you as my daughter's eon." " I fear that you overrate what have been no more than the commonest courtesies," Arohie modestly returned. 11 If you regard them as simply oommon courtesies, they have not been very plentiful in my life ; though, perhaps, I have been somewhat to blame, for 1 warn yon I am not always tbe most amiable creature in the world— indeed I have relatives who have bestowed upon me tbe very significant appellation of ' the poroupine,' " Miss For tesque responded, with a grim smile. Then, nofiioiog the twinkle of amusement in Arable's eyes, toe added ; And you also may live to learn that I have been rightly named, Bat new for my story," she continued, with a sigh. " When I woe a girl, eighteen years old, I lost my mother, and during the next two years I and my sister, who was bat twelve months younger, were left to tbe oare of a governess. My lather was a very wealthy landed pro prietor, with a rsnt-rol1 that yielded him a very large income. He woe as generous as a prill oo, and there was nothlog In the world he wonld not do for hit children, whem he Idsiued. 1 had one brotber, who was a few yean my senior, and who, at the time 1 speak of, was an offioer In her mifeaty'a service. Our governess was a bignly-eduoatod woman, bnt she was not fond of young people, and, after our lesaene were ever, ehe never paid muoh attention to ua— although tt wai understood that she waa to have a general overelgnc ot our live and occupations j and thue we were left, a greet deal ef the lime, te amuse ourselves ae we ohoee. Poring a seas on whioh we spent In London, 1 studied under a noted mueioian, who, however, wee a comparatively young man, very handsome and well oultivated. To make a long story short, we fell in iove with each other, ahd the hours aeaigned for my Inseons, instead of being devoted to mustoal ins tr notion, became simply inter views ol the mutt sentimental nature. In three months we were betrothed lovers; and, finally, knowing that my father would never sanction our union, we agreed upon a seoret marriage" The oeremony was performed very quietly, in a modest little ohnroh in a suburb of London, and, for a couple of weeks, we believed ourselves to be In para dise, 1 going to and from m j heme, oaten- Ibly for my daily lesson, as usual. Then there oame a blow that nearly deprived me of my reason, and shattered all my earthly hopes. Uy husband, on returning from Rlfthmn"d, where he had been to give a lesson, was killed " , , , Killed!" exclaimed Arohie, a voloe of horror, „ t Yea," returned Miss Fortesque, with white ilpi ; "there wes a railway accident, and he was orushed and mangled beyond recognition. He was only identified by the name on bis muslo-roll— even eome papers, whioh were In en inner pooket ol his vest, and among whlob, I have every reason to believe, wae cur marriage oertitioate, were ao mangled and dlsoolortd, as to be entirely illegible. The newa of this horrible accident made me almost insane with grief, and yet I felt obliged to hide my sorrow, lest I should exalte the suspielons of my father. I dared not confess to film what 1 had done, for he was an intensely proud man, and 1 knew that he would never allow me to aoknowledge, before toe world, my relations to him whom I had clandestinely nmrried. So I orushed baok into my heart my blighted anguish, and bare my burden In silenoe. Bus it wore upon mo— I lost flesh, strength, oolor, and felt no interest in life ; my nigbta were spent in weeping, my days In a oon- tinual straggle fer an unnatural calmness. Several months passed thus, and then my lather beoame alarmed at my continual feebleness. He wished me to consult a physician, hut this I utterly refused to do. Thin he proposed a season of travel, fchlak- inu that a ohange might perhaps he bene- fioioi ; but I begged htm Instead to send me to my old nurse— who hod married and was living hi the oonntry— and let her oare for me until I grew better. He ©onaentodto this plan, and, with a gnat burden tilted from my heart, I sent for the weman to oome to me at onoe, when, knowing that 1 must have both help and sympathy from her, I oo&feaed; all my trouble to her MHer great good heart went out to me at onoe, aodtoe took me away to her quiet home, where she cared for me with ths utmost tenderness, and when my little girl was born, no one save herself and I were the wiser for tbe faot. Ot course I knew I oeuld never claim my ohild, and ehe promised to oare fer her until the should be eld enough to require a governess, when, she assured me, come way would be opened to provide for her future." " And this child was«;ny mother ? " said Arohie, Inquiringly. "Yes; there can bo no doubt of it," replied Mies Fortesque, 11 as I will prove to you later, I named her Helen Telfourd— the latter belog her father's surname, and ehe grew up believing that she was an orphan, and the obtld of some distant rela tive of Nurse Hammond,' who was an un usually refined woman for ens In her position. When Helen was eight years old, I provided a oompetent geverneie fer her, but deolded that It was beet for her to still remain with nurse, where I oould visit her frequently, without exoltlng comment, to wosrtaln what progress ehe was making in her studies, nd provide tor all her needs and wants. 8he beoame deeply nttaohed to me, and I leved her with on affeotlon ilmestas absorb ing as that whioh I had bestowed upon her father. As years went en, ahe proved to be unusnolly bright and olever, giving promise of exoeedlng beaaty, and then 1 began to regret most bitterly that I nod not oootoseed my marriage, at tbe outset, so that I might have olaimsd her and reared her as a ohild of txe family." " It Is a most romontio story, bet a very aad one," Arohie observed, as Hiss Fortesque paused a moment. ' Tea, and I ruined both my life and hers by that one false step— my seoret marriage, Thet was doubtless what yonr mother meant —with, perhaps, some reference to hor own mistake— when she told you now to oak a girl to marry vou sooretly. When Helen waa eleven una 1 thirty, my father died. Previous to this my brother had icsIgQed his commission and married, after whioh, taking his Inheritance, he went to Amrloa, for the troubles and perplexities whioh. tor a few years, had been canted by dfsboneat stewards and mUohievooi tenants had dis gusted him with the life my father was living, and he wished te try something different, My staler had also married, but her hoaband proved to be a men of no prin ciple, who aquandored hie own fortune, and then tried to wring her settlements from her. I alone had remained at home, refusing oil offers of marriage, although my father often urged me to rattle my fntnro while be was living ; bnt my heart was In the grave with my Irit dear on», and, loving him only, I oould never be another men's wife." Teen rushed involnntarllv to Aroh 's yes as ahe sold this, for her faoe was aim t convulsed with ageny, as she thus reoatl the bitter past. "But, to go baok to the time of m father's death, ehe resumed, after oonquer lug her emotions. " As there was no one to manege hie estate, it was sold, and hie wealth divided among hie three ohlldren. My slater end her hneband, after reoelvlng their shore, went to live opon the 0 mtinent, and my brother wrote, begging me to oome to him In Amerloa Bot thb Invitation I deollned. 1 oould not leave my ohlld— I felt that 1 most remain near her, even though I oould never aoknowledge my reletlenshlp to her, so I pnrohesed a pretty villa, not far from Nurae Hammond's home, and, for yoere, resided there, alone with my servants. I ha! Helen with me a great deal, however, and the years between that time and her eighteenth birthday wore among the happiest I had ever known. She became very lovely, both In oharaoter end person, oa she grew toward womanhood, and I often longed to toll her the troth. Bet her one greet failing wae a morbid sensitive- neasj and I feared the result npon her. She had just passed her eighteenth birth day when I was taken suddenly 111. My physician pronounoed my oonditlon very serious, and deoided that l mast go to Lin- don, ud submit to a oritiotl operation, saying It waa the only obance I bed for my life ; but he refuted to express any opinion as to whether 1 should oome safely out of the trying ordeal, I believed I should not live through it, and, sending immediately for Helen, I confided to her the seoret of my yonth ana of her birth. I wanted her to recognise me as her mother befere I died, and to know tbe reason why I had willed her all that I possessed ; while, in oase I lived and regained my health, I had resolved that I wonld brave the world, aoknowledge her, and have the comfort of ber presenoe In my home during my deollatng yean. But the ohild was so shecked and wounded, to the very oentre of hor soul, upon learning the truth— how I had laoked the oourage to aoknowledge her, and had thns oeademned her to a lira ef obeonrity, that she proudly refused to have tbe wrong righted at that late day. I acknowledged that I had been weak— I begged her to forgive mo ; and promised that we should bo alt In all to eaoh other in the fetnre, end that I would make ell the amends possible, by giving her her tlghtfoi aooial poeltien. Bnt she aenld not be reconciled, ' It was too late/ she said, and, belog too trnthfnl to protend what she did net feel, wo parted with a feeling ef bitterness in both oar hearts." " That was very hard," said Arohie, with a sigh of regret, yet fee lag that he oonid not reslly blame his mother under the olr- oamitanoes Indeed It wae," hie oompenion re turned, "it almost arasbel me et tbe time. As she ltfc me, I put this looket into her hands, telling ber that It contained look ot her father's hair — the only rello I had of htm, Then I went to London, to pat my life in tbe hands el surgeons I was an invalid la tho hospital for nearly a year afterwards ; the operation had been suooessfnl, but my reoovery wae dit- oouragingly slow. Norse Hammond oame to see me several times, bat she oonid not persuade Helen to aoo unpany her. I did not murmur, tor I oonid not blame her for resenting ha vine been deprived of ber birthrignt, but i huped that when I was well enough te ge home, I should be able to win her love baok to me again ; bnt " Again Miss Fortesque paused, overcome by the harrowing memories of that sad time. " When, at length, I did return," ehe said, at last, " it was to be met by the heart-breaking news tbet my ohlld had fled with an unknown man ! I afterwards learned that she had beoome acquainted with him at the county fair, after whioh she had been seen Walking with bfan eevoral times, by different parties. He was supposed to be one of the students at a teohnloal aohool In an adjoining town, but, as the elopement hod eooorrcd joet after the oloee of a term, I was never able to letrn either hie name or where he belonged. Mora then a year afterwards I reoeived a short note from Helen, and in it she begged my for giveness for what she had done, and far all the pain she had oauaed me. She aald she bad oome to realise how wrong It was to sever every tie that had bouod her to the only relative ehe had in the world, bnt she had been eo morbidly sensitive and reaeotful ever what she had, at the time, felt to be a great and Irreparable Injury, that she hardly oared what beoame of her, and thna ahe had been tempted to aooept the love and protec tion offered her. She was fond of her husband, ehe wrote; he was kind, Mid they were doing welL She oloaed by saying that ehe felt ahe had ne right to alutm any relationship with me, after having thus taken her tote Into her own haode, bnt ehe should never oease to love me, as her mother, ea long ae ahe lived. The note wm simply elgned Helen,' with no date or address to enable me to reply te it, and thus that ohapter ot my life was olosed tor ever." (To te QontinueS), A German Inventor Is said to provide mirrors whioh will not break. He employs oellnlold where glass was heretofore dim. A perfeotiy transparent well- polished cel luloid plate reoelves a quloksuver badktng like that ef a glass mlrrori This baoklng is in turn protected by another oellnloid plate, whioh also reflects ; so that praotioally a doable mirror is furnished, lighter, oheaper, and more lasting than glass, No details of v- 1 