BLADYS: A WOMAN OF COCRAGE. . , By S. BARING-GOULD,. M. A., Author of. "Mehalah," "Court Royal," "In the Hoar of the Sea," "The Broom-Squire," "The Pennycomequicks," '"Urith," "Dart moor Idylls," &c.;, &c.; ■ i [Published by special; arrangement with the author. | ' ' ■ All rights reserved.] GhAPTER I.—(Continued;) But one day he: tarried a- "moment too long and the Austin giant saw him. Billed with jealous rage he set down the pitchers, rushed to the summit of- the. rock, .and. .hurled his wetstorie at the retreating neighbor.'^ .The wet stone'missed its aim ; it fell and planted itself upright and for many generations' bore the fname of the. Bolt Stone. In 184S the farmer in whose 'held "it'stood'blew-'itto pieces v'itl1 gun ponder. Slri Edhied, the- cryer; haviftg reached the foot of •'Hply'7ATKtin7Ro.a^^g^'a.'^al ,and looked rip,' distantly the" rock . was, alive. As frnnv n. - Kfr.il t*nvv. r»liAfc»«A-'frVin'fr *VVv«ir-i'iriA frh A from a'Stilton cheese- thaV is'over-ripe the maggots tumble out, so from numerous holes in the "cliff .emerged/ women,rand children. But' on; the ledge nearest the summit they ^clustered the thickest.-p • : -When the cryer' saw'that. lie 'had collected ah audience and -that it was attentive he rang a second peal and called—. .- -i ; '',0 yes!- O yes 1 -This is-to give notice that this: 'ere"'"evening at 6 To'clock! at Steivponey, there';;is'to/ lie a'grand cTiampidn match at ;bowls.-Oh jthe bowlirig -greend • AhAhe prise is ;to7.be; Blaidys';Itea,:' corhmohly known as Stew poiiey ;Bla. Adpiitt'ancejone shillihg. i 'Arf-a crown reserved seats, and- them tickets admit the bearer to thei'oly function, by kind per mission of the proprietor, in. the Chapel.of Stourton Castle: • ZSTo'arf price. =-• Children and dogs not admitted." - ' ; ' There were three stages ;df habitations oii the rock.' Brom out of ..the topmost, behind the children,^emerged a singular figure,: that of an old-man in a long snuff-colored coat;, with drab breeches and bluei.wors.ted, stockings. A/white cravat encircled his neck.. . In his hand ;he car ried a stick..'^ .'.This, old' .iiiau now began to descend the rock; .with ;agility sucii as might not have been anticipated, in one of his. age. 7' Here ' .comes " HdH; " Austin," /whispered sonie boys who,liad folio,wed " ther cryer at a distance. "Oil, iny'.J ririist-we.riot bri good or we shall whacks." 1 *: ' The mail wlio approached was not called Austin at liis; baptism' nor-Was Austin 'his surname, nor was the rock called after him, but rather he after- the rock ;."foi having c'oriie. to ■irihabit^pne/of ' the dwellings - excavated out of it,- in which he ke'pt1. a day school,1 the name that had attached to the prong of sandstone adhered'to liini.;r';'E > -A He was more" than-schoolmaster. He was knobbler at the Church of Kinyer, that is. to say. it was; hisf.office to; walkSabout -during" divine'service and tap on the head any man or Knv rIa'piv -/PKa hf nffioft boy overtaken;with sleep. ' The wand of, 'office "was painted'white and had a bliie icnob at the end. It, may .now be understood why.the,boys who had mimicked and surrounded the bellman in. the streets of Kiriver kept distance arid main tained a sober: demeanor. Before them was a; man who was'a schoolmaster arid gave whacks during the week, and who was adiriobbler and could.craek their heads on the Sunday. In his double capacity he'was a man greatly to be respected and stood aloof from by boys. To'a bov a soldier or a sailor is a joy ; policeman is.an object of .derision; a ghost, is viewed witlrscepticism; a devil is hardly con sidered at all; but a schoolmaster is looked on, preferentially from.afar, as a,concentration of all horrors,'and when accentuated ' with in vestiture with knobbledom, as something the quintessence of awfulness. . . . . '" ltepeat again.1 T didn't hear exactly,"said Holy Austin." - " il The eryer.'obeyed, . ,. : The old man lifted up Iris hands. . '' We livefiri eyil days, andT spre fear in an evil place, and the salt that should have seasoned us lias lost its savor. There have been rid bairns called. There eari have been no license obtained, seeiiig nonei knows who will have the maideu." ." They say the . cliapel. at Stourton is a peculiar," observed the bellman. The old man1 shook his head., "-This is the beginning of'a bad story," said he, and sighed. "Whither will it leadHow arid where will it end V 