LONDON LETTER. GOSSIP FROM FOGOPOLIS. LONDON, November 20. ^ From our Own Correspondent.) It was indeed a typical Novemberday in London on Saturday last, 14th inst. A date to be marked with a white stone, for was it not the natal day of the motor-car legalised as a public vehicle. A dense black fog hung 'overhead, and the streets of the metropolis were covered with a thick paEte of oleaginous mud. The. crowdsassembled along the line of route were 'even a 6 the sands on the seashore. It cannot be said that the procession to Brighton was a big success, but elsewhere in your columns will doubtless be found a full account of the proceedings. One thing is very certain, and that is the autocar has come to stay. It goes without saying that the autocar or motor of the present day is rightly considered as much a crucitv as the "puffing billy" in tbe early days of the rail locomotive, or as the boneshaker of the cycle era. That inventive genius will be brought into play now that a demand for motors has set in is a foregone conclusion, but in the meantime we are only on the fringe of the new locomotion. The " Economist" has something to say upon this subject which is very much to the point. It i6 also to be remembered that th£ motor car business is stillin its infancy, and that in most other new departures in locomotion the probationary stage has seldom been a profitable one to to those who have found the capital for inaugurating it. Tbe early days of railways were far from generally profitable ; electric lighting and electric traction are only slowly becoming remunerative, after years of struggle and serious loss to many investors who subscribed to the companies which were floated in such rapid succession at the time of the " Brush " mania; while, notwithstanding the enormous development of the cycle industry, the successful companies in that particular line have been comparativelyfew. Theee are experienceswhich investors cannot afford to ignore m ri considering whether or not to subscribe to tbe motor-car ventures which are likely soon to appeal for capital. There is apparently plenty of room for the establishment of a solid industry in the direction to which we have been refer-: ring ; but those who engage in it will have clearly to understand that the only prospect of success will be in tbe cpmparative cheapness and efficiency of the vehicles made, and that the most detrimental policy to adopt would be to attempt to keep up anything like the present prices. Beyond these general considerations we wsuld advise those who may be thinking of investing in horseless-carriage undertakings to ascertain the standing of the promoters and directors concerned before subscribing, and to pay less attention to the promises of profits held forth in prospectuses than to the business capacity and reputation of the men to whom the employment of the capital is to be entrusted. An amusing scene was witnessed near the Stock Exchange. It seems that an elaborate motor-car which hud been driven about the city was directed into Angel-court, where it became blocked. " The motor was soon surrounded by a jovial crowd of jobbers, brokers,"^facT clerks, and in a short space of time \he entire court was blocked by an interested mob anxious to see the result. J It was a splendid •pportuniiy for (the stockbrokers to ventilate their proverbial wit, and the motorite had his troubles increased by having to stand the goodhumored satire of Tbrogmorton-street. A new penny novelty bad been introduced into the City in the morning in the shape of a tiny electro-plated bugle, and one broker caused gieat laughter by sounding the instrument to make way for the motor, while another gravely pre seated the driver with "one to use en route as a coachiiorn. From the office windows newspapers were dropped which fell on the till hats of the spectators, and also into the carriage. As the motor could not proceed further, and there was no roora to turn, the driver at length backed the car into Throgmorton-r street, amidst the sarcastic cheers-of the crowd, and the cries of * Ease her,' * Ba:k her/ ' Torn astern,' and to the cheering accompaniment of 1 Now we shan't be long The Chancellor of the Exchequer has very th -ughtfully laid his hand 6n the aato-car. Every one of these vehicles between one and two tons will pay two guineas, and between two and three tons in weight, three guineas, in addition to the present rate of carriage duty. Furthermore, it would seem that every self-propelled bicycle and tricjcle will be liable to a licence at the rate of one guinea per annum. Por cars over oue ton and under three tons a guinea will have to be paid unless they are used as public vehicles, when the present hackney carriage rate of 15s. will be applied. The public " 'bus " of the future will be charged £1 17s. or £8 18s., according to weight. The Westralian colony in London is being gradually depleted, and from what I can gather a further exodus next week will leave but a very attenu- ated though faithful band to represent the Golden West on thiB side. Mr, J. O. Oxlry will leave for Coolgardie on the 27th int-t., and will probably have as a shipmate Mr. Phil Hargan (Messrs. Hargan and Gorrie). Sailor Bill has repented of his determination to became a bouiface at least for the present, and informs me that if the weather gets much colder he will probably pact up his traps (consisting chiefly of plans, mining /reports, and jeweller's shop specimens), and bo off to bask in the sunshine of the land of gold. Mr. Bob M'Cracken has again deserted the gay metropolis for the rural delights of the County Tyrone, and the genial Teri y M'Auliffe having blossomed forth with the full dignity of a particularly glossy and up-to-date belltupper, has revised the land of his birth this week. Mr. Oillingham tells me that the business which brought him over is in a very forward state. Mr. and Mrs. Bob Gorrie have taken a cosy little cottage at a convenient distance from Fogopolis, and will presently issue' a number of invitations to their Westralian friends to celebrate the house-warming. Old playgoers from 'totherside will ^tba especially interested, no donbt, to learn bf the movements of several Australian favorites now in the old country. \ Miss Athena Claudius, a Sydney native, has been specially engaged for the provincial tour of the "Gay Parieienne," and in the new comedy about being produced at the plobe Theatre Miss Mabel Lane, a Melbourne girl, will have a strong part. I am glad to «av that Miss Hilda -• Spong, (the Duchess of Coolgardie), has now resumed her part, having quite recovered from a nasty attack of influenza. Miss Spong has made a host of friends here, and of course Ooolgardians are amongst her most enthusiastic admirers. Miss, Abbey St. Ruth, the clever authoress of the play, "The Key to King Sti ( louior.'8 Riches, Limited/' produced recently for copyright purposes at the Princess Theatre, received the inspiration for her pen while on a visit to South Africa two years ago. Miss Ada St. Ruth, by which name she is better kuowp in professional circles, wa? born in Australia. At an early age she filled small parts in Sutherland's Operatic Company, touring in the provinces. When .only 1 J^she was playing at the Gaitty in " Ruy Bias," and subsequently at Covent Garden and Drury Lane. In 1895 she was second boy, with great success, in the p&ntoiu1me; of *' Sinbad," at Her Majesty's 'Theatre, Aberdeen. Mi Be St. Ruth also sustained one of the character* in the recent farcical comedy, *' Poor Old Perkins," at the Strand. From Wales comes an entertaining fample of unconscions humor, They have been playing " Lady Godiva" at the Grand Theatre, Cardiff, and a local critic, referring to the lady entrusted with the title role, observes that she " played under great difficulties, as she was suffering from a severe cold." 1 he role of Godiva is obviously undesirable in such circumstances. An amusing William Morris story appears in the " Review of Reviews:— The poet was keenly interested in the fight for Trafalgar-square, and when it was reported that Sir Charles Warren intended to defend the square with guns, he discussed with a friend the point from which the firing would commence. Mr. Stead, who was present* remarked that in case they fired from Charles Stuart's statue it was a good thing there were no houses, but only the National Gallery behind the square. " Only the National Gallery !" exclaimed the poet—and he shuddered with horror. The cable aaaoaa ces that Mr. Harold G. Parsons, who is so well and favorably known in London, has bpen elected Mayor of Kalgoorlie. The many London friends of the newly- fledged Mayor would like to know if the grand robes of civic state imported by Mr. John Wilson will be worn bv his successor, and if it is a fact that Kalgoorlie's chief magistrate is coming over next year to represent Hannan's at the thanksgiving service in the old 4bbey of Westminster in connection with the longest reign celebrations. Either the champion mean man is not defunct, and is still preaching the adjacent creed, or else previous to his much desired extinction from irritated humanity he produced progeny which are a credit to him who imbued them with the morals of closefistedness.. Witness the following :—A cornstalk— who is home floating an N.S.W. property, recently arrived at his West London hotel sometime within cooee of 2 a.m.; and as is usual insisted that the entire staff of the establishment were in a state of alcoholic saturation, After a husky speech on the value of c.vanide as a "teetotal beverage, he proceeded to toast the sleepy • barmaid, and wound up by coupling her name with that of the night porter and the Prince of Wales. A commercial traveller who resides at the hotel, knowing the cornstalk's love of betting—offered to wager him ten pounds that he could not walk up-stairs unassisted. !Now considering that a stalwart policeman and a cabby had been the merrymaker's most recent means of locomotion the commercial was fairly saf^in his speculation. The Cornstalk immediately accepted, but stipulated that who ever won was to bay the barmaid something with the money. The cash safely in the night porter's hands, the task was attempted; but as might be expected, the unsteady one got as far as the th'rd step where he almost immediately went to sleep. The next morning the money was handed over, under protest, by the manager to the commercial, who, without asking the barmaid what she desired in the way of a present, produced from hie pocket a common looking ring which had a week previously been handed back to him by his disgusted fiancee—also an employee at the hotel. The barmaid at once declined the ring, and as the cornstalk departed next day for Scotland, the mean man is £10 in pocket, and still has possession of the twice rejected hoop. Burns, the champion diver, who a day or two ago was frustrated by the railway officials in his design to jump from the top of a moving train into the Thames, but vowed a vow that he would perform the feat in spite of all opposition, has fulfilled his intention, selecting the same locality as before—the West London Extension Bridge. He and a few friends again took tickets from Chelsea to Battersea, but this time the affair was) kept as qtxiet as 'possible in order to prevent the railway authorities from taking measures for preventing the foolish and foolhardy leap. Nevertheless, a considerable crowd of spertatorg, who had got the tip, assembled on the river bank at Battersea to witness the feat. When the train came steaming along Burns was seen sitting on the top of a carriage in the centre. Once fairly on the bridge he rose to his feet, and, taking a header over the parapet, fell gracefully into the river. On rising to the surface : he ftruck out for a boat lying some distance away, and was rowed ashore none the worse for his daring venture. Oid customs die hard, and there are some -which refuse to be killed, take for instance the following :—"The world in general cannot imagine the exquisite comicality of the formal process by which the new Queen's Counsel are 'called within the Bar.' On an early day the unhappy procession, with awful full-bottomed wigs and white gloves and knee-breeches and other ancient vesture, will solemnly go round from Court to Court, amid the jsers of the juniors and the curious public. At esch Court in turn, the business will suddenly stop, and the Judge wilt formally invite them to take their seats for the first time iu that eacred enclosure, which is supposed to be 'within the Bar'—the first row of the counsels' seats. Then conies the joke. , The judge, with a face of indescribable gravity, will ask first the senior, and then all the rest iu turn, ' Do jon move, Mr. Blank V and Mr. Blank, not having anything particular to move the Court about, will rise with the best countenance he can and double himself up in an awful bow, until the ends of his full-bottomed wig sweep the desk before him. The pantomime is worth seeing, and it is to be wondered that Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan have sot jet set it to music." Mr. P. C. Relous's new book is published by Mr. Rowland Ward. It is the record of the recent insurrection in Matabelelaud, but not a complete record, for it brings the narrative down only to last August, very shortly after the volunteer force was disbanded, and the task of stamping out the rebellion was assumed by General Sir P. Carrington. Mr. Seloue served with the Volunteers. In August, 1895, he reached Buluwayo, near which he was entrusted with the superintendence of mining and other propefties. Neither he nor any other European in the Matabele country suspected that the natives were plotting an insurrection. The rebellion began in March, 1896. Its signal was the murder of a policeman. In a day or two the Matabele were in arms all over the land, and all Europeans, men, women, and children found outside Buluwayo and two other towns were murdered. The white popula- in Matabelelaud numbered 3,000 at the outbreak of the insurrection. Three hundred of them perished. In " Sunshine and Storm iu Rhodesia," as Mr. Selous'e book is called, the Boers are treated very fairly. . Mr. Selotts does not by any means share the feeling of animositity with which people of English race in South Africa regard the Boers. The Boers, he said, are naturally a kindly, hospitable, peaceful people. They only want to be let alone. Our author is indisposed to believe that the Boers will be swamped by the increase of the British population. He advocates union between the Boers and English races for the sake of the future* peace and progress of the country. The flag of United South Africa should be (according to Mr. Selous) a combination of the English, Dutch, and French flags. He includes the French because at one time the Huguenots were numerous in the land, and because the effects of their industrial skill and the iufluence of their high character are still felt in South African life. Mdlle. Yvette Guilbert, apparently not content with her stage triumphs, is seeking notoriety in literary circles. The popular'singer, has written a mo&t; interesting, though somewhat highly spiced, preface to ail album of M. Ferdinand Bac. '' Femme de Theatre'' is the title of the artist's satire, and in it she relates, amongst oth r things, the amusiug experiences of a theatrical lady friend who went in search of a residence. " My dear," said her friend, " I wonder what they take us for. I was recently looking for rooms in a quiet, respectable house, and thought I had secured what £ wanted. But as soon as the concierge heard 1 was an actress he declined even to submit my offer. However, ultimately, after a good deal of trouble, the landlord accepted me as a tenant, saying, as a parting shot, that he hoped I should live in the house. Bourgeoisement. I had no sooner moved in than 1 found existence intolerable. A tenant above me entertains his lady friends noisily till three o'clock in the mousing. A lady lodging below would like to deprive me of the society of man ami, while the widow whose apartment is opposite mine receives so many male visitors that there is a string of cabs always at the door. It is too dreadful, so I have given notice to leave." When the 4th Queen's Own Hussars left Hounslow some time ago for India an unusually large number of the wives of men who had married "off the strength" were left behind. One young bride—a native of Houuslow—declined to accept the decree of the War Office as final, and she succeeded in getting on board the Britannia as a stowaway, and was not discovered until the ship had been at sea for two or three days, 'then the military authorities so far relented as to allow the adventurous young woman to go all the way to India with her husband, but the moment sticl arrived there she must be shipp'd hack \ again to England with speed. This, of \ course, was sad news to her, but euffi- V cient for the day is the evil thereof, and \ the loving couple hal a pleasant voyage \ y together. As her friends at Hounslow have not heard any news of her re-shipment, although the mails containing an account of her escapade have now reached this country from India, they fitmiy believe either that the military authorities have relented at the last moment and allowed her to stay with her husband, or that she had eluded their vigilance once more. Mr. " Demon-bowler " Spofforth, the famous Australian cricketer^ had a very narrow squeak from a terrible death on the 18th inst., a fire having broken out in a building in White*hapel where the elongated lealhcr trundlfer was attending a directors' meeting. He had a sensational trip through flame and smoke until a haven of safely was reached. One of the most extraordinary thefts committed in Paris for a long time is... recorded. A mail car driver who had received several bigs of registered letters in the branch post office «»f ! the Rue d'Allemague, was going at a rapid pace towards headquarters, when he was suddenly hailed by a man who was runuing r after him at breakueck speed. " What do you want ?" asked the driver. " I'm in a huriy, and don't care to be behind time." The other, who was dressed as a postman, said, showing V ietter- bag, " Here, you have forgotten tin?, and have taken a wrong one." The jehu stopped at once, and the apparent postman climbed up tbe vehicle, put the baa: in, aud descended with another in his hand. At the head office it was found that a cuuning robbery had been committed. The man who had stopped ihe mail cart put into the vehicle a bag • stuffed with useless papers, aud had abstracted a receptacle full of registered letters, containing nearly £2,000 in post-office orders or securities The thief placed all the ordinary letters in a box in the Rue d'Amsterdam, and it is supposed that he took a train at the Gare Saint- Lazare for some destination unknown. Many Australians are inclined to think, after residing in this country for a winter, that Old Sol ie 190,000,000 j miles off because they argue he cannot be seep at fill. The Astronomfr-Rojal, Sir Robert | Ball, is going to Portsmouth shortly to - lecture upon Recent Researches on the San," and strangely enough some- ' thing of a hostile reception is being arranged tor bim in one quarter. One would hare thought that if thereWBB & single subject which bad escaped the taint of heated controversy it was astronomy. But. Portsmouth boasts a j local astronomer, one Ebeneswr Breach, who is getting some posers ready for Sir • Bobert. According to Mr. Breach, the aan is only 5,000 miles distant from; the earth, and not 95,000,000. " Is Sir I Robert aware," demands Mr. Breach, " that it is decided in Portsmouth that i the teachers shall npt teach each falsehoods, in this enlightened age, to their •oholars in the Board schools, and push 954)00,000 cartload of lies down the; children's throats to please 'red tape' in' the Government? Whitehall is be-: ginning to see the evils of such s systrm Therefore the j 3,000,000 children of England shall not be taught lies to please Sir R. Ball. Gene-, ral Drayson, nor all the star army put together. Portsmouth teems with intelligent young people, such intelligence as shall not be misled' and trampled upon by absurdities of the universities that «hould at once receive a national and universal cleansing?' Mr. W. E. H. Lecky, M.P., who is married to a Dutch lady, gave, when speaking at a recent meeting of the Historical Society in Trinity College, Dublin, the following appreciation of the TraiiBvaal Boers and of President Kruger :—" The Transvaal Boers stand somewhat apart from the rest of the Dutch population, and they aie a very singular race of men. They combine two of the most tenacious stocks in the world—the old Dutch element formed under the Eighty Tears' War and mixed with a strong strain of .Huguenot blood. Passionately devoted to their independence, caringonly for pastoral life and for the life of a hunter, with none of the tastes and ideals of modern civilisation, but moulded and pervaded by an intense Calvinistic belief, they have already twice given up their African homes and trekked to distant lands in search of solitude and space and complete independence. 1 heir iir§t &nd; strongest detite is to possess a large territory unmixed with any other white population. They have at their head a very remarkable man, who fvith greatly superior abilities represents very faithfully their character, ideals, and wishes. I can speak of him # with some personal knowledge. He has been more than once in my house, and I have come in contact with several men who have known him well. In many respects he resembles strikingly the stern Puritan warrior of the Commonwealth —a strong, stubborn man, with indomitable courage and resolution, with very little tinge of cultivation, but with a rare natural shrewdness in judging men and events, he impresses all who come in contact with him with the extraordinary .force of bis nature. He is the father of no fewer than 17 children. He belongs to a - sect called the Doppers, which is derived from a Dutch word for an extinguisher, because they are desirous of extinguishing all novelties since the Synod of Dort. Ardently religious, he is said to believe as strongly as Wesley in a direct personal inspiration guiding bim in his acts. He is a great hunter of the most savage wild beasts. One finger is wanting on one of his hands ; it was broken in a*bnnting expedition, and it is a characteristic trait that he then and there amputated it himself. In a semi-regal position, and with even more than regal power, he lives the life of a peasant, and though, I believe, essentially a just, -wise, and strong man, he has all bis countrymen's dread of an immigration of an alien element, and* all their dislike and suspicion of an industrial and mining community. It . was a strange irony of fate that some of the greatest gold fields in the world should have been discovered in the territories of nearly the only people wbo would have disliked it, of * people whose first jpiBh was to . be left alone unmolested in their solitude. It is believed that Donna Elvira de Bourbon, daughter of Don Carlos, who, according to an Italian paper, .has eloped with a Roman painter, is now in French territory. The Princess is supposed to be ou her way to Paris with her lover, Signor Folchi, who ia a married man, with children. Donna Elvirai* the third child of Don Carlos, and is 25 years old. She was recently staying with a younger sister at Prince Massimo's house in Rome, At the time of her e'opement, however, she was at Viareggio for health purposes. From this place the pair went 10 Genoa, where they -stayed at the Concordia Hotel. Thence they started for Ventim-glia, where they made post haste to enter France. The Princess, it is said, bus in her possession a casket containing jewels worth £12,000. General von Goseler, the , German Minister of War, is very warlike and not particularly ministerial. His defence in the . Reichstag of Lieutenant von Brasewitz for slaying a defenceless artisan cannot be called a masterpiece of tact by any u&eans.; Virtua ly it amounted to this: That if an officer thinks fit to let i he life out of a civilian, he must have, acted in self- defence. Itie the dog that dies. Yet General von Gossler, we read, resumed his seat amid the applause of the Conservatives. The I fact is that German society has not educated itself up to the abolition of the duel. Occasionally a hideous crime occurs, and there is much scandal and prattle about n form. As a rule, however, the institution can reckon on a considerable amount of popularity, moro especially in Prussia. Prince Hohenlolic is aware of the national taste for boruicide under forms of law, and thence came, the hesitating manner in which he expounded the intentions of the Government. " It remains to be seen;" " should expectations not be realised " it may also be necessary, to modify''—thd' statement reads lamely enough in all conscience. The-conclusion seems to be that the Government does not really propose to stamp Out the duel, but merely to-ieake things a trifle more awkward .than they .are at present for the proved bravo; It is all very disgraceful, but if a nation persists in yielding to its barbaric instincts, a Minister does not get much chance of carrying a moral reform. A graphic narrative is told in the " Natal Advertiser " by Surgeon- Captain Gr< y, one of the officers who served in Rhodesia. In the attack on Masbangombi's the horses began to drop, and soon thirteen lay on the ground, and it looked as if the men would all be killed. Evidently Captain Turner thought so, for he .virtually gave the order, Sawe qui peut, telling every man to fight the best he could for his own hand. But though the horses continued to fall, the men escaped. Dr. Grey, to use his own words, " led towards the way out under a raking fire at a gallop, and was closely followed by the troop. Very soon, however, I fell from the saddle, struck with a bullet from an elephant gun about 500 "yards off. The bullet struck me on the top of the thigh, smashing the socket of the thigh bone, breaking a vein, And otherwise wounding me. My hor&e; was carried on at full speed with the rear-guard, which rushed at desperate speed to clear the pocket- -like entrance of the drift, where the natives were rallying in the hope of killing us. As I lay on the grass, bleeding profusely, I looked up and saw two natives aiming at me at a distance of about 40 feet. At the sams moment I saw my horse come thundering back from the drift. It suddenly stopped and came and stood oveF my prostrate body, covering me from the firing, and at the same time making a peculiar noise through its nostrils. I thought * it had been wounded, and that with the pain, noise,' and confusion it had gone mad. This notion, however, was soon dispelled, for it continued to stand over me ia a kneeling posture, and I could sec that the faithful animal had come back to protect me. I may remark here that this horse,"which I myself selected, I made a pet of. The assegais from the approaching natives we e now beginning to fly around me, and thinking if 1 could reach my horse's back I should be shot, which was preferable to being assrgaied, I seized the reins, put my right foot in the atirrup, and made a supreme efforts to mount. And I was successful; bnt how I did it I do not know, for my left side vras entirely paralysed. On finding myself in the saddle, I called • Go * to my horse, which darted like an arrow towards' the exit from the drift." The captain adds that the horse was an old pet of his, and had always been made much of. Here is a curious instance of time's revenges. In years gone by it was the custom of the West Point cadets »» soon «s they graduated from the Miliary Academy, to go out on the plains and fight the Indians. Now all thai haB been changed, and Manager Roberts, of the cadet football team, has received a despatch from the Carlisle " Redskin" team, stating that on November 28 the Indian players will meet the soldier0 on the plains in what is likely to prove the most noval footb%ll tussle of the se&son.; If American fooUall has all the ferocity attributed to it in the so- called " comic" papers of the States, the Indians will need leg-guards if they do not desire conversion from Redskins to Redshins in the course of the game. The city of Louisville can boast of a 18-year-old colonel. His name is Harry Mulligan. " He is the son of a hotel manager. He is at the 'present time attached to the staff of Governor Bradley of Kentucky. He owes his promotion <to a prophecy he made that Colonel Bradley, would be elected Governor of Kentucky. " My boy," said the Colontl when he hea'd him, " If that prophecy comes ''true, 1 will make you a Colonel of my staff." When he was elected be issued a commission for the boy, and gave to Kentucky the youngest colonel in the American army. Mr. Labouchere is amusing his friends with this characteristic chronicle. He was travelling in Germany, and" he came into sharp collision with ihe Custom House officials over the question of luggage. The wrangle threatened to involve his losing his train and a delay 6f several hours at an uninteresting station. These considerations moved not the stolid Teutons. Calling for a telegraph form, Labby directed it to Prince Bismarck, and penned a concise despatch purporting to regret his inability to keep a dining engagement that night at Friediichsruhe owing to the outrageouB conduct of the railroad officials in delaying his progress. Handing the document to one of the Customs party, with a piece of silver to defray the cost of transmission, he calmly awaited results. The message was eoon known, of course, - and the effect was magical, The demeanor of arrogant officialdom was suddenly changed for the humble deference of slaves, and all hands united to accelerate the departure of Prince Bismarck's would-be friend, whose smile, as he took his seat, was child-like and bland. LONDON, November 27. Truly indeed can the title be worn by London just now as the City of Dreadful CSy, for the fogs of the past week have\pen intense in their inky blackness, turning day into a mild specimen of Dante's Inferno, wherein the forms of men and women move about in a ghost-like way through the impenetrable gloom. The many friends of Mr. " Charlie Kaufman will be glad to lcarn_that he is now in much better health, having shaken off the effects of over-work and of the recent operation be underwent. Mr. Kaufman, it is expected, will presently be afforded an opportunity to appear before the public, and he can be depended on to give the British people a lot of interesting tnformation about the Westralian Goldfields, and his experiences there. I learn that the Hon. Mrs. Candy is about returning to Weatralia, and as this lady hagjilready prominently identified herself ffitb the miuing industry it is'not improbable that the rumors now going about regarding the object of her revisiting W.A. may lave a good deal in them. Mrs. Candy v>ill make a stay at Ptrth as she has large interests there, and is the possessor of a considerable amonntof house property in that city; There is a. good story being told in Londan concerning a Westralian, who is now on his way to.the Sunny South, and who, before this reaches you, will, I tru6t, have landed his 16 etone of good nature among you safe And sound. Two recent arrivals from quartz-land had just alighted from a cab at the London Empire Music Hall, the Mecca of Coolgardiane—and had euly ju^t dismissed cabby when one of them remarked- " Confound it all, I did so. want to ride on the underground, nndhee it is right under our feet—w here's the station constable ?" This to a man in blue. What station, Sir ?" " Why, the underground station, to be sure, where the rumbling is ?" » Oh, ;no !" said the bobby, that's not a train "Dutch Daly is ituia'e telling funny story, and Frank Smallpage is in front to-night." Blank and his wife—both Westralians —bad just decided, as the London market threatened to remain in a t tate of depression for some time to come, that they could not do better than take a run to Germany, whe-e at a certain sanatorium the hot salt baths have a high reputation for medicinal propeities. Said Mr. Blank to young Dash, to whom he is related, " By the way—why not take a run over with us ? You haven't been to visit us much in London ; but over there you'll be able to sea more of me and my \u;e than when we return." " Ah, ye?—good id. a," said young Daub, who has a knack of putting his foot into it; »yes, I'll come over, and do the baths with you and Mrs. Blank; and then, as you say —I shall be able to see more of you both." And then they both wondered why everybody else laughed ! An ingenious novelty in the way of a material to be used for making floorirg, wainscotticg, <fcc., has recently been invented in Germany. It is a special preparation of paper pu!p sold in the form of dry powder, which, when desired to be used, is mixed with water like ordinary cement, and spread over the surface which it is intended to cover. It is claimcd for it that it not only dries" quickly, but that it can be stained or tinted with most colors, tiyiB adapting it for parqueterie work. It presuits an syji^ ditional advantage, according ti^he . claims of the inventor, in thatjt can be smoothed with a plane If it'were wood, while the method of laying it insures not only that no ere vices, will be . left to harbor dirt and gerois, but that its employment tends to deadien noise of feet. It possesses a high degree of elasticity, and considerable durability, as well as the by no means insignificant advantage of being very incombustible. One of the sights' of London, which, by the way, is rarely if ever seen by the ? ordinary visitor, is the Open-air Debating Society at St. Kaiheiine's Dock, where every Sunday an gathers to listen to the various speakere,; whose orations vary from lime to time as subjects crop up u» on which 4he assemblage desires to be enlightened. But the peculiar part of the Etump oratory is that the closure is here enforced in a most novel snd efficacious manner. The speaker is mounted upon the swing-arm of a dock-gate which overhangs the water, and here he stands and delivers his speech, good or bad, to his auditors. Time is strictly kept by a person appointed for thatpurpose, and as eoon as (hat functionary dtcides that any gentleman has had the floor long enough, time is called. If the Bfeakcr then refuses to get down, the crowd press against the gate, and the arm on which the obstinate one is standing is swung * out over the water, where it strikes a mooiing-post, and tlie shockten times out of twelve—upsets the pigheaded orator it to the dock. Such a means of applying* the closure is,'of coarse, impossible in Coolgardie, bat the above calls to mind an incident apropoD of stump speeches which occurred in Bayley-street about the end of '93. The boys had, by a judicbus application of whisky and barrack, induced an individual who shall be known as Potty to offer himself aa a cand-'date for parliamentary honor?, and had been rewarded for their efforts by hearing a speech in which hiccups played adominant part. Mounted on a dray whidJ was perilously balanced by its prop legB, the orator bad reached that portion of his speech which deals with the character of the voter— " Gentlemen ! " he slicuted huskily, " I shee before me epectable minish who have intelligent!) breathing from every pore,-r-I shee -men who hate all the attributch of nobility all the grand • —" Just then they kicked the props away, and Potty went down oh the ground; but only for a second, he was up again and on the wheel before the dust had cleared—shaking one fht in the faces of the crowd, and hanging on by the other, he yelled—" Yere a mangy lot of uncultivated !!! »t n " Although three years and a half will have rolled by ere the opening of the great Exhibition of 1900 takes place, the preliminary works have alri ady been entered upon in real earnest. There is new no doubt that every effort will be made by the authorities to render this world's show even more brilliant than its predecessors, and signs are not lacking to demonstrate that they will be zealously seconded in their exertions by the commercial element and by the public at large. Parisians are never so happy as when their gay city is thrown out into broad relief as the great centre of attraction, $nd they are looking forward with pride and enthusiasm to the date when foreigners will flock to this metropolis from every point of compass ; when hotels, present and tare-—for, as you have been informed, ere is a novel and significant move in the direction of the organisation of more vast caravanserais—will be thronged with visitors, and when the boulevards and leading thoroughfares will be as full of varied samples of humanity as in the summer of 1889 and in the earlier part of last month. * The Coolgardie friends of Mr. W. J. ^Partridge (" Sailor Bill") will be sorry to learn that he is in very indifferent health, and the doctors rightly attribute tds'illaess as the result' of worry and overwork. A change of air is recommended,-and it is possible that " Biil" will ahoitly take a voyage out to Australia to recuperate. The weather in London just now is most depressing, and is very trying to Australians staying here. The Irish people are beginning to realise at laBt something of the scandalous manner in which this country haB ..been fleeced by the " predominant partner " in the matter of taxation ever since the so-called union was successfully jobbed into existence. With remarkable unanimity and determination the immediate redress of this shameful financial wrong is now being sternly demanded. All the local representative and corporate bodies throughout Ireland are passing stroDg resolutions upon the subject. Once again North and South are united. Therefore, restitution and revision must necessarily come, and that without much further delay. Swiftly following the sudden deaths of the Archbishop of Canterbuiy and of •Dr. Wynne, the "Protestant Bishop of Killaloe, comes the tidings of the sudden death of the Irish R?man Catholic Bishop of Boss, Dr. Fitz« gerald The Bishop had only arrived home about a fortnight ago from his usual quinquennial visit to Home, and one of his last acts was to write a public letter when sending a munificent contribution to the Irish Parliamentary Fundf and to deliver a message from the Pope rejoicing at the success of the recent Irish Race Convention, and imploring Irishmen to make an end of dissensions within the Irish National ranks. Mile, des Glayeuls, a young French actress living in the Rue Royale, has been the victim of a~theft which was carried out with exceptional ingenuity. A month ago a gentlemanly man Cazanbon rented some furnished rooms at 18 AvenueKleber, paying down 550f. for a months rent in advance. Be described himself as the agentof Watson and Co.. money lenders, of Loudon end New York, and issued a circular that the firm would grant loans on jewellery or other valuables, leaving the same in the hands of iheir owners. Mile des Glayeuls at tbe suggestion of Cazanbon, i took her jewel case t > the Avenue Kleber, where the pseudo agent declared that he would lend 20,000f. on them il' tbe expert, who was in the adjoining room, valued them at 50,000f. She consented, and after waiting a qnaiter of an hour discovered that Cazanbon had decamped, and that she was alone in the house. The thief is said to be an American from New Orleans, where a robbery of a similar kind was recently committed. Hermann Zeitung, the Teutonic tailor, who some years since travelled as luggage from Vienna to Paris, has been repeating his pranks. TbiB time he reached Rome from Basle in a box. He was for six days cramped up in the case, and was unable to move when the lid -was lifted by the railway porters, who had been attracted by his cries for help. He had to be conveyed to hos- pital for treatment, and on recovering his consciousness, for he was" nearly 'dazed, he said that he performed the strange and perilous journey for the purpose of drawing attention to an apparatus which he has invented for taking measures for suits of clothes. The tailor will no doubt endeavor to exhibit himself to the Italians as " Tbe man in a trunk," a title by which he was known daring his stay in Pari?, where he was well treated after his journey from the banks of the Danube to those of the Seine. Miss Hilda Spong, the gifted young Australian actress, who made snch a successful debut here in the " Duchess of Coolgardie," appears this week at Old Drniy as the heroine in a play called " The Kisses of Delilah/' Our Hilda has established herself a big London favorite. The new play is founded on episodes connected with the great French Revolution. Sir Malcolm Fraser, _K C.M G., Agent-General for Western Australia, who has displayed great interest in the fortunes of the Loudon Color ial Club, has consented to preside at its next smoking concert, on the 17th prox. A fortnight earlier, at the Westminster Town Hall, the club's second annual Cinderella dance will "take place. A paper called " Fowls" publishes a schoolboy's essay on poultry. " Geece," he writes, " is a nasty anamal, for they will jump up your back and beat you with their feathers," and "the turkese is a large kind of hen ; if they see red they will run afier you and pick you, and that part of you will be acking for a few days after." It would not be amiss if that boy's schoolmaster also did something that would cause " that part to be acking for a few days after." I hear that a movement is on foot to celebrate "the tenth septennial decade" of the Golden West as a crown possession. Whilst sympathising with any laudable celebration connected with the history of the great western province of Australia I do not think that there is much to enthuse over the 70th year of our official existence. . The Golden West is fast collecting a literature of its own. and this is about being added to by the genial editor of the " British Australasian," Mr. Phil Mennel, who informs me that he will bring out his book on W.A. in the V early new year. The volume will be up^to-date in eveiy particular, and -the author will present to the British public a true account of the conditions of life on the Westralian goldfields, and its possibilities as affording a scope for British investment. When King George of Greece was staying at the Park Hotel in Wiesbaden recently he noticed a window-pane upon which his father, the King of Denmark, had cut his name with a diamond. King George took off his own diamond ring and engraved his - name below his father's. A few hours after>ward the Czar saw the window, and immediately cut his name. Then came the Kaiser. Kaiser, who added his name to ^boee of the three royalties. A British diplomatist and an American millionaire are now said to be striving to outbid each other in order to get possession of the illuminated piece of glass. At an informal little gathering of Coolgardians, held the other day, it was decided to send a cable to Mr. J. M. Finnerty (Warden of Coolgardie) conveying a graceful acknowledgment of the services rendered to the. Wejstralian goldmining industry by that gentleman, and wishing, him happy new years. The meeting was not in the strict sense of the word representative, but was unanimous in its resolve to felicitate a popular officer and a genial fellowcitizen. General Sir Henry Norman, who has been appointed Agent-General for Queensland in London, had a brilliant career in the army before he joined the Colonial service. He served in the Bengal army throughout the Punjab campaign of 1848-49, was engaged thereafter in many frontier affairs until 1854 j commanded a detachment in the Sonthal campaign of the following year, and served as Deputy Adjutant-General or Assistant Adjutant-General throughout thcMutiny in all the principal actions, including the siege and relief of Lucknow. Before he came to England in 1860, he served in Oude and in other campaigns, and after serving for a time at the Horse Guards, he went back to India as Military Secretary to the Viceroy, and joined the Viceroy's Council; and has since been Governor of Jamaica and of Queensland. If the appointment of Count Worontzoff-Dashk6ff ae Prince Lobanoff's successor should prove true, it may be regarded as a sign that the foreign policy of Russia will adhere pretty closely to lines laid down by the late Czar. Count Worontzoff-Dashkoff was one of the few men who enjoyed tbe full confidence of Alexander III. This was partly due to the fact that they were of the same age, but still more to the apparent absence of political ambition and to the perfect straightforwardness with which the M mister of the Court stuck to his own limited sphere of duties. He joined no cabals, favored no persons, and seemed content to figure only in the elegant world as a man of honor and con summate tact. He is a descendant of the strong-minded favorite of the Empress Elizabeth, who married Piince Dashkoff in 1760, helped to dethrone Peter III. and put Catherine II. on the throne, and whom Walpole admired in London at a later date. She sent her son.to Westminster School, and his son was the Prince Worontzoff, who represented Russia at the Congress of Aixla-Chapelle, and lived to witness tbe devastation of the Crimea, on which he had lavished millions of roubles. Count Worontswff-Dasbkoff can make himself very agreeable in society, as he showed in his recent visit to-Balmoral ; but he is by no means an Anglophil, and leans rather to the activ9 military aspirations of the-Grand Bakes Vladimir and Alexia. Speaking, of the Kaiser reminds me that it is stated that the ""German Emperor's orders and decorations are worth £50000, and that he always takes £3,000 worth with him when he travels abroad. The Emperor's wardrobe includes a separate uniform for every regiment in the Prussian Army, with arms and accoutrements complete, and a similar outfit for all the regiments of which he is the titular chief in the other States of the German Empire and in foreign countries—Austria, Russia, Sweden, England, and Italy. He is a Swedish Admiral and an English ^Admiral as well. Of his hunting suits, his yachting uniforms, his tennis clothes, his mufti suits, for eveiy hour of the day and every season of the year, there is 'no end. fiis scarf-pine, rings - and etuds fill packing-cases. St. Kitt's, the oldest West Indian colony, has, it seefos, put to itself in all seriousness the question " Shall we secede from the British Empire ?" The " St. Christopher Gazette" reports that a resolution in favor of annexation to the United States was lost by a majority of two only at a recent meeting of the planters and merchants of St. Kitt's and Nevis. Tbe foreign bounty of course weighs heavily upon tbe colonists, and is one cause of their present discontent. But what has Mr. Chamberlain to say about the other grievance which the "Gazette" speaks of as the travesty of government that prevails in all these islands?" Planter rule w4s by no means such a success as to warrant its restoration ; but if Mr. Chamberlain is sending commissioners to the West Indies, they may uBefolly inquire whether there iB not more than that in the present outcry. The subject of Australian Federation is followed with appreciative interest here, and the details ot the proceedings of the recently held People's Congress at Bathurst, N.S.W., are anxiou&ly; awaited. Major J. C. Neild (" Jawbone "), of Sydney,.with whom I had a chat the other day, informs me that he intends delivering a lecture on the subject of " Australian Federation " at the Imperial Institute next week. It is his intention to deal with the question not from the sentimental but from the practical standpoint, and I have no donbt bat the Major will have something very interesting to say on the matter. Lieutenant Emanuel Ramos, belonging to the United States Militia, has has arrived at New York from Cuba, where he went in charge of a dynamite cannon sent to tbe rebel leader Maceo. Lieutenant Ramos gives the first account of the action of the dynamite gun in battle. He says the gnn in the hands of a good gunner does effective work at the distance of a mile, though its best range is half a mile, and it has perfect certainty of aim. At any distance, however, the explosion of the projectile destroys life within radius of one hundred yards or more. The gun was used at the battle of Guayabita, which lasted 39 houre. The Spaniards were 12,000 strong, and tbe Cubans 5,000." The fighting waB terrific. The Cubans were almoBt defeated, when the dynamite' arrived. It was taken from one part of the field to another. Only seven shots were fired, but each one was most effective. The projectiles killed 150 of the Spaniards and scattered the survivors, and ended the battle in the Cubans' favor. The phenomenal success of " Trilby " is probably in a large measure responsible for the considerable sum of money left by the late Mr. George Dn Maurier, whose personal estate has just been declared at £47,800. No doubt, also, the large amount .paid for " The Martian " helped to increase the artist's wealth. Da Manner's fortune was far greater than that of the two great Punch" artists, Keene and Leech, who predeceased him. Charles Keene, who worked hard and lived a more frugal and longer than life than his brother artist, bequeathed less than £35,000 to his heirs. John Leech, the forerunner on " Punch " of both Keene and Du Maurier, left very little property behind him, although he struggled hard to the end in the vain hope of making a sufficient provision for bis wife and children. The -editor of the " Review of Reviews " deems it a thousand pities that there should be any public inquiry into the ratifications of- what was in reality a patriotic conspiracy intended to prevent a great Imperial danger,"'and he hints that .Mr. Rhodes and Mr. Chamberlain have evidence of intrigues that have been going on between President Kruger and the Germans. If this. evidence " is not produced the Select Committee have to pronounce judgment when imperfectly acquainted with the dominant facts of the situation. If, on the other hand, it is produced, it is easy, to eee what trouble may be brewing for us in JSurope." He suggests thit it would be better " for Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Rhodes to go to Hollo way with 'Dr. Jim' than have all this dangerous and combustible matter exposed to the rough handling of the Select Committee, on which Mr. Labouohere is one of the leading members." But why should Mr. "Chamberlain go to Holloway, even if Mr. Rhodes ought to be there ? And why should the facts here hinted at be kept back ? Better surely that the nation kn'w the whole truth about the Jameson Raid. If Mr. Rhodes is the patriot^ Mr. Stead represents him to be, he ought to make before the Committee a clean breast of all he knows. Better a thousand times we should have Germany as an open enepay than let her continue to intrigue secretly against ub. What Mr. Stead says on this subject does not agree with Lord Lonsdale's "authoritative" explanation of the- Emperor William's message. The current issue of " Light," the organ of the Spiritualists, contains au account of a very extraordinary phenomenon which took place at Helsingfors when Madame d'Esperance, a non-pro- fessional, -gave a seance. In the course of the seance the lower half of her body entirely disappeared. She has explained this as follows : - " The peculiar thing about this seance consists in the disappearance of half of my body, which I only found out by accident. My head, or rather the nape of my neck, was giving me a good deal of pain, and I crossed my hands behind my head to support it, which seemed to relieve me. . My arms got tired in that position, and, wishing to rest them on my knees, I found that my legs were gone, and that my hands, instead of resting on my knees, were on the chair. That frightened me a little, and I wished to know whether it was true, or if I was dreaming. There was light enough, so I called the attention of the person sitting next to ma to the strange thing ; he examined. the chair, and so did four of the others, and they all declared it was true, and that only the upper part of my body was really there. The chair had only my dress on it ; my arms, shoulders, and chest were in their proper place above the chair. I could speak, move my arms and head, drink water, and even feel my legs and feet, although they were not there. Daring all this lime the forms came and went, but they only showed themselves ; bands of different shapes and sizes touched those who were nearest the cabinet. I think it must have continued an hour, from the time I first discovered my strange condition, which was long enough to verify it, and quite long enough for me, who did not know if I would ever get back my legs and be able to go home, a doubt that made me very nervous." A peculiarity of Madame- 1 d'Esperance's mediumsbip is that, by a bargain with the spirits, she never goes into trance, and always sits outside the cabinet; and, although she becomes passive to the point <bf indifference, she always known all that goes on. Some young doctors were discussing the Dreyfus case in a Paris cafe the other night, when the debate resolved itself into a heated personal dispute between two of them. In the end a duel was decided upon, and the meeting was £xed. Swords were to be the weapons used, and tl& plain of Gravelle wits selected for the duelling ground. On arriving there, however, the ground was found to be so wet and slippery that fighting was impossible. The party accordingly adjournaid to a neighboring restaurant, the proprietor of which placed a commodious coach- house at their disposal. Here the duel was fought. There. waB a very bitter feeling between the two men, and onjthe word being given they attacked each other viciously. Several rounds were fought without result, but in the end one gentleman received a severe Wound inthe right breast, from which the blood flowed freely. On examination it was found that he was not fatally hurt, but it will be many months before he will be able to follow his occupation. The victor and his seconds showed considerable exultation, and jeered the injured man as he was removed from Jhe scene. The Hon. Sir Donald A. Smith, High Commissioner for Canada, delivered an address on Canada and its resources to the members of the Tyneside Geographical Society. It wa° difficult, he said, to convey an adequate conception of the vastness of a country which covered million square miles, and was. forty timesthe size of England, Scotland, and Wales, and that with but a'population of five millions. As to the climate, Canadians always returned to Canada on the approach of winter, as they preferred tty>ir own blue skies and bright sunshine to the depressing and damp weather"' which usually prevailed in England during that season. Sir Donald described the various industries of the Dominion, alluding to agriculture, cattle raising, fruit growing, and dairying, and to the mineral resources of Ontario and British Columbia. The great needs of Canada were more people and more capital to develop the resources of the oountry. Immense advantages were offered to emigrants of the right class, who would make headway nowhere with such rapidity and rfith such results as iu a country like "the Dominion. It seemed strange that farmers in the Old Oountry should go on struggling agcinst adversity and against the force of circumstances while their capital was being frittered away. In Canada they could farm with a smaller capital and with greater chances of -suesess, apart altogether from the prospect of providing satisfactorily for their growing families. At St. Cyr, the French military school,' there is a very curious custom, the " Regiment" says. It goes uuder the name of " vert," which meims green. When two comrades in meeting accidentally use the more formal methods of speech that are correct in polite conversation, the stern code of Cyrien ethics demands that the uose of the one shall be Colored with blue and the other wite yellow paint. Tho offenders then repair to the parade ground, and rub noses until both are green. Whether there is anything in. this performance calculated to increase military efficiency seem^oubtfal, and our contemporary says there is cause for thankfulness that similar tomfooleries would be impossible at Sandhurst. Yet St. Cyr produces some of the finest officers in the world. Mr. H. C. Davies, the out-door superintendent, with Mr. Campbell, the loco.- Bupermtendent, arrived in Coolgardie on Monday, their object being to make final arrangements for the taking over of the line on the 18th January. They were enabled to complete their business by Tuesday morning, when they returned to Perth. It is understood that they have made arrangements with Messrs. WiIkie Bros, whereby they will have the use of a portion of the contractors', rolling-stock. . The following advertisement recently appeared in the " British Printer" :—" Partner (advertiser now in Australia) Wanted, competent all-round British workman, of good addres", well up to modern display and commercial work, with £250, to commence business in Western Australia. Electrofaced, energetic business man, able to surmount obstacles, required. No 'mother's pef or 'cold-water saint' need communicate."—Address, &c..; A man named Thomas Hennet, a prospector of Dundas, was fiBhing with dynamite at at Fannys Cove on Christmas Eve when a detenator exploded and blew his right hand to atoms. A portion of the arm had to be amputated. 