SHIPPING ITEMS. MAIL STEAMERS. The R.M.S. Massilia- will leave Sydney at 1 p.m. on Monday for London, via ports. The Massilia is announced to call at Marsoillos, which will doubtless, prove an additional attraction to passengers, as most comploto arrangements for the convenience of travellers by this route have boon mado by tho P. and O. Company. . Tho R.M.S. Parramatfca arrived at Mol bourno yesterday, from London, via ports. She will continue her voyage to-day arriving at this port on Monday morning. The remainder of tho mails by this vessel should reach Sydney to-day by tho express train. Tho R.M.S. Moana,from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Auckland, is expected to arrive 'by noon to-morrow. On arrival she berths at the Union S.S. Co.'s wharf. Tho R.M.S. Aorangi, Sydney to Vancouver, , will resume her voyage from Wellington to The R.M.S. Warrimoo will be dispatched at 4 p.m., on Monday, for Vancouver,via Welling- ton, Fiji and Honolulu. The R.M.S. Lusitania will leave Melbourne to-day- in continuation of her voyage Sydney to London. , The R.M.S. Arcadia, Sydney to London, is due at Albany to-day. The N.G.L.S. Weimar will sail at noon to-day for Bremen, via ports. The R.M.S. Ballaarat, outwards, left Suez on Thursday, 12th inst. The M.M.S. Polynesien, with mails dated London, 17th July, arrived at Albany at 3 a.m. yesterday from Marseilles, and continued hor voyage to Adelaide at 8 a.m. Ths R.M,S. Orizaba, from London, is due at They'M.M.S. Ville de la Ciotat is due at Melbourne this morning, en route Sydney to Marseilles. REMOVALS. The steamer Fiado was taken from the P. and 0. wharf to Grafton wharf yesterday. The barquentine Adelaide will be towed frqm Pyrmont wharf to Russell's wharf to day. LATEST CHARTERS. ?Carnmoney, bq, Liverpool to Sydney— Gen- eral. Marion lnglis, sh, Liverpool to Sydney — Gen- eral. Socotra, sh, Glasgow to Sydney — General. Drummuir, 4-m sh, London to Melbourne — General. Crown of Germany, 4-m bq, Barry or Carditt I to Port Pirie— Coke. n Indore, sh, Barry to Port Pirie — Coke. | Northernhay, bq, Barry to Port Pirie— Coke. I HC Richards, bq, Sundsvall to Tasmania— I Baltic. 1 Alcestis, bq, Kaipara to an Australian port — I Timber. Callirrhoe, bq, Port Augusta to U. K. or Con tinent. — Ore. Natal Queen, bq, Adelaide to Hobart— Salt, thence to a New Zealand port — Timber. Drammen, sh, Melbourne to U. K. or Contin ent—General. ?Sarah and Mary, bgtne, Newcastle to New Zealand — Coal. ?Oregon, bq, Sydney to San Francisco — Coal. Hartfield. sh, Newcastle to West Coast— Coal. Pathan, s, Sydney to London — General. I . THE TRAFALGAR. | The ship Trafalgar sailed from London for I Sydney on the 12th inst. I FROM GLASGOW. I The ship Socotra is loading general cargo at I 'Glasgow for Sydney. 1 FOR LONDON. I The four-masted -barque Drummuir left Lon 1 ?? -don for Melbourne on the 11th inst.. ? . . M ? I FROM BARRY. P The barque North embay left Barry for Port I jPirie, on the 12th inst., with a cargo of coke. 1 THE S. S. SEVERUS. 1 ,The German steamer Severus arrived at I Brisbane yesterday, from Sydney, to complete I cargo for London. 1 THE ROTUMA. | The barquentine Rotuma is expected to sail I to-day for the South Sea Islands. Mr. G. J. | Waterhouse, agent. '* THE S. S. FIFESHIRE. | The steamship Fifeshire took her departure V, from Brisbane yesterday for London, via Syd ^ ney and New Zealand. j FROM LIVERPOOL. ;i The barque Carnmoney and ship Marion \ lnglis have been fixed to load general cargo at J .Liverpool for Sydney. % COAL FOR SAN FRANCISCO. % ^t was reported, yesterday, that the Ameri ?| -can barque Oregon had been fixed to load coal J .at Sydney for San Francisco. ?A THE S.S MACLEAY. ^ The steamer Macleay, which was agronnd on M ' Thursday at the Richmond River, floated off ??the same night and left for Sydney. THE LOCH TAY. The ship Loch Tay, from Glasgow, via Ade laide, arrived at Melbourne yesterday con signed to Messrs. John Sanderson and Co. THE S.S. INDRAGHIRI. The Tyser steamer Indraghiri is expected to continue her voyage for Auckland and other New Zealand ports on Tuesday. Messrs. Tyser and Co., agents. FROM SHARPNESS. The barque Astoria arrived at Melbourne yesterday, from Sharpness, after a passage of 85 days. She brings a cargo of salt consigned to Messrs. Henry Berry and Co. THE S.S. GULF OF GENOA. Messrs. A. McArthur and Co. have been : advised by cable that the steamship Gulf of Genoa left Liverpool, on the 11th August, for the colonies, with a general cargo. FOR PORT PIRIE. The four-masted barque Crown of Germany has been fixed to load coke at Barry or Car diff for Port Pirie ; and the ship Indore is 'loading coke at Barry for Port Pirie. \ THE SCHOONER ADVANCE FLOATED. Tho schooner Advance, which was ashore at Lady Robinson's Beach and sold as a wreck for i-27, was towed off yesterday evening and is now lying at anchor in Botany Bay. THE LAZZARO. The Italian barque Lazzaro, which wont ashore in Torres Straits while bound from Newcastle to Macassar, will leave Thursday Island next week in resumption of her voyage. FOR U.K. OR CONTINENT. Messrs. Hixson and Martin report that they have been advised that the Norwegian ship Drammen, now at Melbourne, has been fixed to load for United Kingdom or Continent. NEWCASTLE. The barque Mary Moore, having finished discharging the Sydney portion of her cargo of produce, will probably leave to-night in con- tinuation of her voyage to Newcastle. After discharge she proceeds to Lady Elliot Island to load guano for Tasmania or New Zealand. Tho now barque Oakburn, left last night, in tow, for Newcastle, where she will load Duck onfield coal for Valparaiso. Messrs. J. and A. Brown, agents. Tho German ship Nympho left Melbourne yesterday for Newcastle to load Wallsend coal for tho West Coast. Messrs. Dalgety and Co., Ltd., outward agents. Tho ship Macduff will probably sail from Newcastle to-day with 1750 tons coal for Val paraiso. The btcauier Argylo left for Bairnsdalo (Vie.) on Thursday with 140 tons coai. The steamer Lindus, with 2220 tons coal, left Newcastle yesterday for Adolaide. Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co., Propty., Ltd., agents. TO LOAD ORE. The barque Callirrhoo sailed from Fremantle yesterday for Port Augusta, to load ore for Europe. COKE FROM BARRY. The steamship Port Albert, which arrived at Port Pirio on the 10th inst., brought 3135 tons coke for tho Proprietary Company. THE LORD ELGIN. The British barqne Lord Elgin left Port Natal on July 3rd for Sydney, to load wool for London. She comes to Messrs. A. McArthur and Co. THE BARQUE TITANIA. The baraue Titania took her departure from Brisbane yesterday, for London, with cargo as given yesterday. Messrs. D. L. Brown, and Co. and Messrs. Dalgety and Co., Ltd., joint agents. THE S.S. THERMOPYLiB. The steamship Thermopyla), in the Aberdeen White Star Lino, arrived yesterday evening from London, via Capetown, with passengers and a general cargo. Messrs. Dalgety and Co., Ltd., agents. THE S. S. FIADO. The steamer Fiado arrived yesterday from Noumea with 14,000 bags chrome ore, 2658 bags cobalt ore, 882 bags maize and sundries. She has 382 bags maize for Newcastle. Messrs. A. Jouve and Co., agents. THE SCHOONER HEROINE. Messrs. fFraser, Utber and Co., at the City Mart, yesterday, sold on account of whom it concerned, the wreck of the schooner Heroine, 122 tons register, as sho now lies on the beach, 2 miles north of the Tweed River, for £8. SULPHUR ORE FOR SYDNEY. The barquentine VVaitomata arrived yester day, from Auckland, with 426 tons sulphur ore. consigned to Messrs. Elliott Bros., Ltd. After discharge she extends to Newcastle to load coal for Auckland through Messrs. Earp, Gillam and Co. TEA SALE. Messrs. H. W. Cary and Co., yesterday, at the Exchange, sold the following Foochow teas, ex S. S. Afridi :— Phcemx brand, Id5nalt chests Panyong 4Jd, 152 at 5id, 77 at 5id, 131 at 5d 50 at 6id. Macao teas, ex Tsinan, on account of Messrs. Brown and Co., 50 half chests Congon 5^d. LONDON MARKETS. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Co.. Limited, report that they are in receipt of the following message, dated 12th inst , from their London office -.— Hides.— The market is steady. Sydney heavy ox are worth 4d. per lb., and Sydney light ox 3ifd. per lb.' COPRA FOR THE SUNLIGHT MILLS. The barque Njaal arrived at Suva from Syd ney on the 24th ult., and left again on the 27th for Levuka to load copra for the Sunlight Oil Mills, Johnston's Bay. ? The barquentine May, now daily expected from Fiji, brings 252 tons copra for the Sun light Oil Mills. THE ADELAIDE. The barquentine Adelaide reached this port yesterday, after a passage of 37 days from Townsville. Her cargo consisted of 1850 hides, 132 easks tallow, 20 bundles hoofs, 40i bags bones and hair, 1664 bags bonedust, and 12 water pipes. She berths at Pyrmont Wharf this morning. Messrs. Charles Taylor and Co., agents. THE CHINA NAVIGATION LINE. The C.N. steamer Changsha arrived this morning from Hongkong and Japan, via ports. She will continue her voyage to Melbourne on Monday. . „ _, . .? Tho Tsinan is expected to arrive from Mel bourne, via Newcastle, this evening. She leaves at 4[p.m. on Monday for Hongkong, via ports. Messrs. J. and A. Brown, agents. TIMBER FOR SYDNEY. The brigantine Stanley, after a passage of 10 days from Kaipara, arrived yesterday with 230,00iPft. kauri consigned to the Kauri Timber Co. The Stanley will proceed to Newcastle (after discharge) to load coal for Auckland. Messrs. Earp, Gillam and Co., agents. The barquentine River Hunter, with 260,836 feet kauri, arrived yesterday, after a passage of 11 days from Kaipara. After discharge she will proceed to Newcastle to load coal for New Zealand. Messrs. Earp, Gillam and Co., agents. THE PRINCE ROBERT. A four-masted barquo (probably the Princo Robert — Puget Sound to Port Pirio—) passed Wilson's Promontory at 2.45 p.m. yesterday. ? THE LADY FRANKLIN. Tho schooner Lady Franklin, Brisbane to Sydney with scrap iron, passed Richmond River south at 5.25 p.m. yesterday. Captain R. C. Ghost, agent. LUND'S BLUE ANCHOR LINE. Tho steamer Culgoa, of Lund's line; will bo dispatched at 1 p.m. to-day for London, via Capetown, Natal and Las Palmas, with passengers and cargo. The latter includes 747 bales wool, 10,000 hides, 59 bales horns, 47,000 feet hardwood, 100 bales S skins, 27 bales hair, 22 bales splits, 18 bales basils, 6 bales sinews, 100 bales rags, 57 bales glne picces, 4000 carcases mutton, 278 quarters beef, 350 crates hares, 55 boxes butter, a quantity of fish and sundries. Messrs. Gil christ, Watt and Co.. agents. Tho Woolloomooloo loft Melbourne yester day, in continuation of her voyage from London, and is expected to arrive to-morrow. THE S.S. f AMASHIRO MARU. The steamor Yamashiro Maru, which arrived yesterday morning from Japan, will resume her voyage to Melbourne to-morrow. Messrs. Burns, Philp and Co., Ltd., agents. NEW CHARTERS. Mr. John Williams reports having received advices by latest mail of tho following char ters : — Carnmoney, barque, and Marion lnglis, ship, Liverpool to Sydney ; Socotra, ship, Glasgow to Sydney ; Crown of Germany, four masted barquo, Barry or Cardiff to Port Pirie ; Indore, ship, Barry to Port Pirio ; and H. C. Richards, barquo, Sundsvall to Tasmania. THE SHIP DARTFORD. Messrs. Dangar, Godye and Co., and Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt and Co., having, completed loading tho ship Dartford, for London, will clear her at the Customs to-day with the following cargo ?. — 1110 bales wool, 2049 casks tallow, '1322 hides, 500 cases moats, 40,750 horns, a quantity of bones and hoofs, 400 tons timber (129,000ft.), 151 tons shalo, 104 bales gluepiocos, and 8 packages. This vessel is expected to sail on Monday. 