Presentation at Hamilton. (From our own Correspondent). A yury pleasant gathering took place at the Presbytery, Hamilton, on Thursday night, Mtli instant, when the members of tho choir assembled for this purpose of pre senting Miss ( .eraldinc Ijourkc, ono of tho [ members (who is about to leave for Now Zealand, there to enter tho Convent of Mercy), with a slight token of their regard for hor. Father O'Donohoo presided, and paid a very high tribute to the guest of the even ing by saying that she fully deserved all ! that eonld bo said and done for her. .She i had always been a good young lady, very devout and attentive to her religious duties, and her intention to leave homo and all to enter a religious order was the crowning of hor exemplary youg life. It gave him great pleasure to testify to the kindly fooling and good fellowship which oxisted among the members of the choir, and he was glaif that their esteem and regard for Miss Blake took such a tangible form, as ho had now to present hor with a beautiful watch and guard from them. In so doing he trusted that she would lie spared long to wear it, and enjoy happiness in the far-oll'land of the Maori. No doubt she would lind the change a bit severe at first, as it was a diU'eront olimo to our own, but hoped she would get good health, and everything that goes to make a good nun. He had now much pleasure in handing her the present, and trusted that she and it would go for a century, and every time she looked at it that a prayer would ascend for tho welfare of those she had left behind hor. Miss Bourke, who was visibly aH'ootod, thanked them briefly for their handsome present, and called on hor brother, Mr. J. Bourke, to respond more fully for her. And he, in a very nice speech, thanked them from the bottom of his heart for their kindness towards his sister, and he hoped that all tho good wishes of Father O'Donohoo would bo fulfilled. It woidd bo a groat struggle to leave home and everything to go among strangers in a strange land, but lie knew that God's grace would sustain her in her trial. He again thanked them, not only on behalf of his sister, but on behalf of his parents, who had reared hoi1, ashe deemed the presentation a groat compliment to them. Ho also know that when ever she looked at hor watch that her thoughts would turn, and a prayer would ascend, for the kind friends she liad left behind in dear old Hamilton.. Father Kiornan endorsed Father 0'Dono hoo's remarks, and trusted that Miss Bourko would he happy in her exalted sphere of life, for exalted is the one who loaves home and all to go to a distant land, there to labor in God's blessed service. It also gave him groat pleasure to see Aus tralia's young ladies emulating tho noble example' set them by those noble Irish ladios who came so many miles over the sea to teach young Australians how to love, honor, and obey God. Ho concluded by again wishing her long life and happiness. Mi. J. J. .11. Swinbourno said ho had much pleasure in testifying to the good qualities of Miss Bourke. She had been one of the most regular attendants to practice on Sundays, and. he trusted slio would value the present, not as much tho intrinsic value, but the good feeling and good wishes that went with it. He wished hor much happiness in the future, and hoped that the good feeling which existed among the choir would continue for many years to eomo, Mr. T. Torkoy also endorsed tho senti ments expressed by former speakers as to Miss Bourko's good (jualitios; and after a little harmony had been indulged in the members dispersed, wishing her all sorts of happiness. Miss Bourko is the daughter of T. A. Bourko, Esq., tho well-known architect, who designed the plans and supervised our schools here which stand second to none. The success of the presentation is duo to the untiring energy displayed by Miss A. Peterson and Mr. .1. Torjiey. ' A man's own conscience is his solo tribunal, and ho should care no more for that phantom 'oiiinion' than he should fear mooting a ghost if ho crossed tho churchyard at dark. — Lytton. 