AN ELECTIONEERING CRY. Among those who invariably commit, political Sharp practice may be ranked Mr. G. H. Reid, a gentleman who, when two courses are open to him in his leadership of the Government— - the honest and straightforward or' the disin genuous and crooked — generally chooses the lat- . ter. Whether this is due to legal training or to natural bias, the" fact remains. Moreover, that fact is becoming patent to the country at large, so that at any political crisis, big or little, the natural inquiry, "What is Reid's next dodge?" is heard from all sides. . In politics there must, of course, always be a certain amount of diplomacy. No one expects a Pre mier to wear his heart upon his sleeve; tra dition and no doubt commonsense alike forbid it. Ylut there is a vast /cliaum between the proper and becoming reticence of statesman ship and the devious dodgery of a politician . hungry only for the loaves and fishes of office. Much might be overlooked, if not forgiven, in a mere carpet-bagger which is absolutely un pardonable in the leader of the Government of an important province like New South Wales. Mr. Reid does not, however, appear to see mat ters in this light. He not only practices poli tical trickery, but, if we may judge him out of his own mouth, is proud of his assumed ex- pertness in this line, and boasts of his rather petty strategy, which is weak. Moreover, he boasts before his attempts to bamboozle the public have succeeded. And that is worse than weak; it is absolute Stupidity. The Premier's most recent attempt to hood wink the country is his present conduct with- regard to the Legislative Council. That the Council demands reform, and has long needed reform, is, and has been, nearly universally admitted. With "Reform of the Legislative Council" as one of his leading shibboleths, if not his chief war cry, Mr. Reid went to the country last general election. A large number oC the voters, realising that the nominee Chamber did not exactly represent the will of the people, were with him. He returned to power. Where was or is his reform of the Upper House? Precisely where the. pros perity he promised the country is— nowhere! UJiLc 1X1 UlllLC 111! JLUJIUlXlcLUUXla ugtllUot lllw Council ceased, or were only spasmodic. There may have been a certain amount of cunning in this. Mr. Reid recognised, by his successes, and the successes of his party at the general election, what a marvellously use ful cry the cry of reform was, and Be put ic aside, as u farmer might an effective scare crow, for use another season.' He practically admits this himself. Even he, with all his massive self-confidence — we will not use a coarser term— plainly comprehended how deep and dismal has been his failure, and that of his Government. He understood with equal clearness that the next general election would demonstrate, unless the real issues could be obscured once more, that the people had weighed him In the balance and found 'him wanting. Nothing remained, therefore, save to produce another bogey. The Premier's inventive powers arc, however, after all said and! done, extremely limited. Why not, then, bring out once again the old scare crow—' "Reform of the Legislative Council"— .which hod done him and his party such good service on a previous occasion? No sooner said than done! The thing was produced, and planted in the political field, cobwebs and all. As, howjever, and to drop flimsy metaphor, the Council had committed no immediate sin, it wus neicessary that it should be tempted to new offlenco. Mr. Reid deliberately laid a trap accordingly, and publicly chuckles at his own —well, i let us say astuteness. "As a matter of fact" he said to an interviewer, "I foresaw what was likely to occur" (over the Probate Duties'' Bill) "and took an unusual course, which /does not appear to have been noticed. I got tffie Appropriation and Loan Bills passed by theGouncIl before going <r> 7itk the Pro- bate Duties Bill." In . other words, he care fully prepared and sent to the Upper House a niensure which he knew that Ilousfc, because of glaring defects in the measure, would re ject, a measure which it was clearly his inten tion should be rejected, because tlie Attorney- General, the representative of the Government in the Council, threw it down, so to speak, on tlie Council's table with the declaration that no amendment to the bill would be accepted. Only one 'course was possible to the Council. They rejected the bill. They rejected the bill, i and Mr. Reid thereon, with bell and book, solemnly anathe matised the Council. But, as in the "Jackdaw, of Rhcims," "nobody, seemed a penny , tlie worse." Mr. Reid has produced his ghost, or scarecrow, or whatever it is, once top often. He fully expected, as can be seen by the triumphant manner in which he narrated the methods of liis trickery, : that the country would he riven by. excitement; that' the pro vince, with universal voice, would demand the immediate reform, if not i the actual abolition of the Legislative Council,' and, that .Mr. G; U. Reid' would, by popular acclaim, bo appointed the' chubby David /to Blriy the effete Goliath. But nothing of this happened, or is likely to happen. .. The/ country, remained, and rohinins, quite calm— a little amused, perhaps,' at the transparency and simplicity of Mr. Reid's most recent "dodge,'/ -more than a. trifle contemptu ous, but otherwise - quite . iiunffeotedi The Premier has cnUod" wolf "too frequently; the country, including the honest of his own sup- porters, are tired .of his eternal trickeries, his quips, his cranks, his political buffooneries. They recognise, many of them sadly enough, that the man is earnest about nothing, save the retention of power; that he Is a rank opportunist, everything by turns, and nothing long, and that the country cannot prosper under his rule. ' 