VALEDICTORY- SUPPER. Address Presented to Staff-Color- Sergeant Davidson-' About 80 gontloinen were presont on Saturday evening at a spread given in the local Temporanco Hall in liocor of StafE-Oolor Horgoant Davidson, who has been removed to Regimental Headquarters after two years' sorvico in Singleton. Captain Lang well pre sided. On his right Liieutenaut- Colonel llanclaud, Captain Bowman, Lieutenant Allan and others were soated; ou tho left. lieutenants Moore and Conley. The guest oc cupied a scat facing tho Chairman and between tho rows of tables. Most of thosn presont wero dressed in their regimontals. The toast list was limited to the formal ono of "Tho Queen" and " The Guest." " After tho first-named toast had been honored, Kescrviet Bolfiold gavo a a recitation and Mr J. Ililcs sang " Maggie May." The Chairman thon presented n fratnod address, tho full toxt of which ap peared in our last issue It was signed by : A. Xinugwell, captain ; D. Hooker, color-sergeant; \V. Porter, private—of tho Infantry Company. D. M'JJougall, president; C. Powell, hon. secrotary ; P. J. Connelly, tren euror —of the Singleton Keeerves. M J. Shopherd, presidont; M B. Tippor, secrotar3'; AV. Humphries, treasurer—of the Greta-Brauxton Reserves. The engrossing was tho work of Mr W. Cragg, and was very creditably performed. In tho course of hie remarks, the Chairman said that they wore sorry their appreciation of Staff-Color-Snr geant Davidson's labors in their midst could not bu permitted to take a more substantial form than an address, but the rules forbade any officer accepting any monetary gifts. The address was then read by Liou tounnt Mooro. Continuing his remarks, tho Chair man said it gave him groat pleasure to be presont that ovoaing to honor ano so worthy. He heartily ondoraod everything which tho address con voyed. During tho guost's connection with the Company, which term ex tended over tho past two years, ho had shown n great attcntiou to duty and had greatly helped to bring tho Company up to its presont efficient state, favorably commented on by the General. There was a great deal to do—to got a Company of thiH sort to gether—and their friond had very successfully done it. Ho came amongst thorn with a good reputation as a cnpablo officer, and his work had certainly borne tho good results ex pected of him. (Cheors.) It was to promoto him to a higher ephcro of usefulness that ho was being trans ferred olsewhere, and iu his now field of labors ho would have greater op portunity of distinguishing himself thnu occurred at Singleton. fCheers.) The excellent qualities of his good wife also merited n reference. It had boon said that she was really a bettor soldier than her husband. (Cheers and laughtor.) Ho hoped StafE-Color- Sergnaut Davidson would live long, so that the service might benefit by his assistance and thrivo by his useful ness. (Cheors). Jtosorvist C. Powell, on behalf of the " arm " to which ho was attached, said ho was pleased to bo present to show appreciation of their guest'e worth as u resident, and his ability as an officer. To him (the spcakor) as Secretary of tho Civilian Rifle Club, Staff-Color-Sorgeant Davidson had rendered great assistance and had earned tho gratitude of tho,members for this help. Although thoy woro losing such a competout man, still, ho was glad to say, thoy wero obtaining tho .services of a capable in the person of Stiiff-Color-Sorgeant Goblc, whom he welcomed to their midst In concluding his remarks, ho apologised for the absenco of a number of residents who desired to bo presont, but wrro unable to bo with them for difforont reasons. (Cheers.) Mr Humphries (of the Grota- Hranxton Koscrvos) commenced in a humorous ptrain, and iu order to omphasieo the importance of the force with which he was connected, said the other day a ineinrer of-theirs, while firing at the target, iiiosod it aud hit n calf instead. The boviuo was bo badly hit that it: gavo up the ghost. [Sorgoant-Major Simmons: " Was "it a bull's eybP. ] (taughter.) "No," retorted Mr Humphries, "it .was a mag-pie." (The building again shook.) After order was restored, ho proceeded to say that.the owner of the calf ap peared ou tho scene in a. threatening attitude, but after an interchange of ideas the matter'was amicably fixed up. It wan, therefore, of a company ot that sort that he belonged, and he '.had come'that evening to honor Staff- Color-Sorgoant Davidson, who was very much' respected by Reservists down Greta and Brunxton way. .The success, of ;tho. companios in -these parts was duo to tho zeal and enorgy which their guest nut into his work, and the eelf-sacriGcing interest that bo 'displayed. They all wished him well whorever he.'wont. To his successor ho offered a hearty welcome. (Cheers.) . ColonelHanclaud (Commandant of tho .northern forces) was gratified to find tho high estimation in which Staff-Color-Sergoant Davidson was held in this district. It was refresh ing to him to nee such a largo and representative gathering, as it showed conclusively this officer had done his work . efficiently, and bad won- the respect of.tho inou under.his control. (Cheers.)' He knew him to bo a painstaking man, and, perhaps, their demonstrations of regret at his do parture could bo readily understood on that account. Of course they were loth-to lose him, but it was a rule that officers of this character wero*novor loft nt one placo more that two or threo years. This practice wae found to bo not only a good thing for tho men, but also for tho service. An oflli-er isolated in ono' centre was liable to get out of touch with tho Ron oral features of his work, and to draft him to anothor station gave him an opportunity of acquiring tho ideas of others for his benefit and for the ultimate benefit of tho service. Be sides, these changes afforded other progroasivo men opportunities of pro motion in the uervico. He did not require to be told that Staff-Color- Soi-geant Davidson had takon great pains in lr!s work here. He had Been tho uien drill, and was struck with their efficiency. Thero wero evidences of careful, painstaking, solid instruc tion, and he felt it his duty to con gratulate them on tho way thoy did thoir work. Ho considered the pre sentation that ovening was n very happy thought, and it pavo them all a chanco of saying faro wo 11 to the deserving officer, and a chance of welcoming his successor. Staff-Color- Sergoant Goble was a capable suc cessor, and possessed his(thespeaker'e) full confidenea and respect, based on personal knowledgo and acquaintance. (Cheors.) He concluded by wishing tho guest every prosperity and huccoss wherever his lot may bocast. (Cheers). Lieutenant Moore (Bulga) ondorsed what had been said. . Staff-Color- Sergeant Davidson never considered any work or inconvenience in dis charging.his duties a trouble, and thoy all extremely regretted the loss of his services. Ho w.is glad, however, thoy had a worthy successor to tho oQico. Color-Sergeant Hooker agreed with tho eulogies which had boon uttered concerning their guest. As the senior of tho non-commissioned officers, ho had had a good opportunity of seeing what trouble ho took in his work, and his good advico was always to be obtained whenever they required wise counsel. Private Blick was certain that evory privato was agreed that their guest iiad done a great deal to bring the men up to their present state- of efficiency. This was about the best compliment that could bo paid him— that the men under his control could tako their place meritoriously besido any other company iu tho colony. (Cheers.) Captain Bowman (Lancers) -tsk. it a duty to accord his word of te?fe'Tirrr? to tho capability of Davidson. Ho had dono woaahsn zz. bringing the men on so well 'He.- iirf time that he had been iu charge. ' Ze was hard to imagine how he had succcodcd so well, since lie camo to Singleton in a most unfavorable time, when the general depression rested heavily in all departments of trade. As ono who had beon foremost in these nnittors, ho (tho speaker) per sonally know of the great difficulties which had to be subduod, and these victories woro won with a grace, and with a capacity to superintend, that wore commoudable and praiseworthy. Ho feelingly sympathised with tho men at losing such a capable officer. Ho was glad to say that thoir guest's successor had the confidence of tho Colonel. Ho wished Color-Sergeant Davidson well in tho future, and hoped ho would continue to rise iu tho eorvico. (Cheers.) Reservist Kendall also spoke of their guest's ability, and regrettod his dcpartui-o. (Clieors.) Lieutenant Conloy eulogised the Color-Sergeant's career in Singleton. Ho ? had had many opportunities of observing tho capablo manner in which ho performed his duty, and hoped his future would bo happy and prosperous. The health of the guest wae thoiv drunk with musical honors. Staff-Sorgoant Davidson, on rising to reply, was receivod with deafening applause Tho demonstration of good feeling that night was a surprise to him. Whatever ho had dono was merely tho dischargo of his duty. At timos he might have scomod scvoro in his work with them, apparently blondod with a lot of red-lapeism, but the enforcement of stringent measures was, as thoy woro no doubt fully aware, for their own benefit. Ho would prize the address, and every time ho looked at it ho would bo reminded of tho happv days he had npont in Singleton. Ho hoped tlio Company would stick together, and help tho instructor to do his work as they had holped him. (Choors.> The following programme was ren- | dorod, each item being heartily ap plauded :—Mr J. A. Burno?S Bang " The Old Brigade ;" Mr C. 11. Hunt ley "That'show he tells the lie," and in response to an oncoro 'responded with "An old man's darling;" rocita tation, " The last letter," by Mr Bel field j the comic song " I can't change it." by Mr L. M'Gowan, and in auewor to an oncoro amused the audience, with another one; Mr D. M'Dougall.recited "Bound for the Orient';" Mr Lnmbert eang " Tho Carnival;" Trooper Burnt " The Tramp;" and Mr 0. Powell "The Spanish Cavalier." At the request of >tho Chairman, Colonel Ranclaud made a few re inarke. He admitted' the outlook of the partially-paid troops'was . not en couraging -becauso of the starvation allowance, .but he hoped that times would mend in such a way that more encouragement could bo' given, to men to tako up thoir work more heartily. They had good - hopes of a camp at Easter extending over eight or nino days, and this would do a great deal to assist the mon to keep in touch with their work. After much oonsidera tiou over the matter, ho had pro pounded a scheino of encouraging the forces, which, if put in practice, as he hoped, would greatly help to create a special interest in the forces by the men. He urged the.men to stick to their uniforms—" to their guns"—as he-felt better times wore in store for them. Hoservist Humphries gavo a song ; and Staff Color-Sergeant Davidson a recitation, entitled " Saxon and the Gael;" .Sergeant C. J. Williams sang "Soldier to the Queon ;" Mr J. T. M'Mahon " Dorkin'e Night;" . and Mr J. Hiloe ". Mrs Henry Hawkins." Captain Langwel) complimented tho members on. tho gathering and the spirit with .which it had boou carried out. These meetings of the various branches of the service did good. It was the intention, he understood, to hold anothor one shortly, when the prizes recently won at the military sports on the showground would bo presented. : Tho Company- thon joined hands and sang " Auld Lang Syne." The National Autlioin concluded the pro ceedings. Mr George Dines acted as accom panist on the piano to tho singers during the evening. . 