fhi iStisniliiiiiir* Tlie Weapons of Mystery. A Mesmjsrist'3 Spell. As I knew I should, .1, found ^TpUajro there. He smiled on meand lifted his feat politely. 'I thought I would..allow you to havo a good breakfast brifore sum moning you,' he said,...'* especially. ob- this in the last; conversation we shall hove for somotinjei' - ' - I thought I detected a look of tri umph in his eye?, yet I wa9 snre he re garded me with- intense hatred. ' Yes,' I said,' I am come. What ie your will now 7' 'This. I find that Mr. Temple lias' told you about an interview which was held in tho library laBt nighti' «? Ye8 ; it is true.' ' ? 'Do yoa know of what you are in danger 7' 'Ho— what?' ? ?? Hanging.'* ?,,-.? 'What for?':' ??:. ..-. ' For murdering Kaffir.'? i :?' ?'Did. I, kill hitnj? I[ remember, no- thing. What was done was not because of me, but because of the' demon that caused me blindly to act.' 'Names are cheap, my man, and' I don't mind. Claptrap morality is no thing to me. Yes, yon killed Kaffar— killed him with that knife you held in your band. . I meant that yon should. Kaffar was getting some trouble to me, and 1 wanted' to get him out of the way. To use you as I did was killing two birds with one stone. You know that Miss Forrest: has : promised to marry me if Kaffar be not forthcoming . by next Christmas Eve. . . That, of coarse, can \- , never be, bo my beautiful bride is safe ;' and he looked at me with a savage leer. ' Hare yea- brought me here to tell me that?' ? ; :- ???'.. ? -' : ' Ho '.; but to tell you a little good news. I have decided to hold you as the slave to my will until the day Mis3 Gertrude Forre9t becomes Mrs. Herod Voltaire, and then to sot you free. Meanwhile, I want to give yon a few instructions.' ' What are they '?' ' Yon are not to take one step in trying to prove that Kaffar is alive.' . ' Ah I' I cried ; ' you fear I might produce him. Then I have not lulled him, even through you. Thank God ! thank God !' ' Stop yonr pions exclamations,' he said. ' No, you are wong. Yon did kill Kaffar, and he lies at the bottom of yonder ghostly pool - so that is not the reason. Why I do not wish you to anarch for him is that thereby yon might find out things about me that I do not wish you to do. In such a life of mine there are naturally things that I do not wish known. In going! to my old haunts, trying to unearth Kaffar, you would learn something .about them. And so I command you,' he continued, in a hoarse tone that made one shudder, 'that you do not move ono step in that direction. If you do— -well;yo.u know my power.' ;.? From that moment I felt more en slaved than ever. I shuddered at the thought of disobeying him ; I felt more than ever a lost man. As I felt at that moment, in spite of my desire to let every one know this man's power over me, I would rather have pulled out my tongue than have done so. , \- ' Are those all your commands ?' 1 said humbly. \ . . ;, v 'Ah! you are cowed at last, are you 7' he said mockingly. 'Yoa matched your strength with miue ; now yon know what it means. Yon did not think I could crush you lika a grass ? hopper, did you ?. Yes, I have one other command for yon. You must go to London to.morrow, and go on with your old work. You must not bold any communication with Miss Forrest, my affianced bride,. I myself am going to London to-day, and most likely shall remain thero for a while. Perhaps I shall want to see you occasionally. If. I do, you will quickly know. I shall have no need tp tell you my address ;' and be laushed a savage laugh. 'Is thai all?' I eaid. 11 That ie all. You will corns to the wedding, Vlr. Blake. . You Bhall see her arrayed. for her husband, dressed all. in \- white, as a bride should be. Yon shall see her lips touch mine. You shnll see us {go away together — the woman Jyou love, and the man who has crushed you ??38 if you were a worm.' . ? This maddened me. By a treraerdons ofirorfc of will I was freo. ' That shall never be. Somehow, some way, I will thwart you,' I cried. '' I will free my self from you ; I will snap your cruel chain asunder.' 'I defy you ! ' he said. ' You can do nothing that I have commanded yon not to do. For the rest I care not a jot.' He went away leaving me alone, and . then all the sensations of the previous nights came back to me. Ireraembered what the ghost was supposed to' foretell, . and the evil influence the dork pond was eaid to .have. I saw again the large red hand ohthe water's surface. I recalled dimly the struggle, llie fighting, the strange fueling I bad as my sortses began to leave me. Conld I havo hilled- him 7 If I did, 1 was guiltless of crime. It was not my heart that conceived the thought ; it war not I who really did the deed. I had no pnngs of conscience, no feeling of remorse, and yet the thought that I had hurried a man into eternity was horrible. I wandered in the plantation for bours, brooding, thinking, despairing. No pen can dosoribe what I felt, no words can convey to tho mind. the thoughts and pains of my mind and heart. . Never did I love Miss Forrest so much, never was Voltaire's villainy so real ; and yet I was to lose her, and that man — a fiend in human form — was to wed her. I could do nothing. He had paralysed my energies. He had set a command before me which was as ghastly as hell, and yet I dared not disobey. I, 9 young, strong man, was a elavo— -a slave of tho worst bind. I w«9 the ploy thing, the tool of a villain. I had lo do' as he told me ; I had to retrain from doing what he.'told mo Is' was not io;do( I had done I knew not what. Perchance a hangman's ropo was hanging near me even now. I could not tell. And yet I. dared rjot .rise from my cbajns,;and see whether the. things I had been accused of doing were true. ' ' : I went back to the house. Voltaire .was .; gone,' while the guests and family were having their lunch I felt that I could not join .them sol went into the library. I had not been there ten minutes Vwhen Miss Forrest entered.; She looked' ^paleand Worried.' I suppose that I. too, must have appeared haggard, for she started when she saw me. She hesitated a moment,. and then spoke. . ' The whole party are going for a ride this afternoon. .. They ; have just: been making arrangements, They are-going to* ask you to join them. Shall you go?' she asked. . . 'No jlehall n6t!g6;' I replied.' 'Will you come here at three o'clock?'' ': Yes,' I said, wondering what she meant ; but I had not time to ask her, for two young men;pame into the room. I went to my room and tried to think, but I could not; My mind refused to work.- I watched the party ride away— it. was corrparatively small now, for several had -returned to their homes— and. then I found my way to the 1'brary. I sat for a while in silence, scarcely conscious of my surroundings ; and then I wondered how long Miss Forrest would be before she catce, and what she would tell me. The clock oh the mantelpiece began to strike three ; it had not finished when she entered the room. {To be Continued.) For Gravel and Kidney complaints try Colemane and Son's' Eucalypte Extract. 