cjfanbag §U&bmg;, CHRISTIAN EDUCATION. [|By F. W. Faehar, D.D., F.E.S., Dean of Canterbury. 1 ' Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another genera tion.'— Joel i. 3. Those who look but a little below the sur face are well aware that amid the golden gleams of national prosperity, on the appa rently placid waters of national life, there is a restless ground swell in which lies the menace nf fnhnrp Rtnrmn. TliprA b.va Tinf; n. fp.w ni: fl-iin moment in the overcrowded masses of the poorer quarters of our great cities whose souls are being poisoned from very early years by the blight of unbelief, by_ the leprosy of uncleanness, by the excitement of socialistic anarchy. There is one way, and one way only, under God, by which, either individually or collectively, endangered souls can be Baved. There is only one way by which nations, by which society, by which civilisation, by which anything worth ultimately preserving in things which are pure and honest and lovely and of good report, can be snatched from the rush of the future avalanche. It is by the faith, the purity, the self-respect, which can only be im planted by early training, by an education which is in the highest sense, and m no con ventional sense, truly, deeply, and sincerely re ligious. By 'education' we do not mean mere teaching, by any means, but we mean the de velopment of the whole human being — body, soul, and spirit — into the best of which he is capable. There is the body. A child must be trained in soberness, lest by spurious excite ment and unhallowed greed he should develop into a bettor or a gambler or a ruffian or a cheat. He must be trained in temperance, lest, lower even than the beasts that perish, he become that blighted and abject thing, a mere funnel for strong drink. He must be trained in chastity, lest, laying waste the inner sanctities of his being, he should lie down at last with his bones full of the sin of his youth, and having nothing - to give back to God but the dust of his mortal body and the shipwreck of his immortal soul. No stunted ascetio, full of force and fire, his body trained to pure and hearty service, it is necessary, above all, that he Bhould be drilled, as it has been well expressed, 'to make his passions come to heel by a strong will, the servant of a tender conscience; to love .p.all beauty, whether of nature or of art, to hate all vileneBS, and to respect others as himself.' Hib imagination should be a glowing picture gallery of all scenes which are beautiful, so that he must also be developed mentally. His memory should be a treasure-house of noble example, his intellect stored with knowledge of history and its events, of nature and her operations. Ahnra nil. hin Rnirifc. whinTi intJin rfivinnsfr. nnrfc of him, must be trained to hold intercourse with God. Ho must regard his whole being as a temple of God, and because righteousness : i8_theTery law of God, even the starry heavens above must be less lawful in their majesty than the moral law within. It is not of such wise and holy training that the drunkard and the debauohee ana the anarchist have come j for such education means the development of faculty as a source of happy usefulness, the development of con duct and of oharaoter as a source of noble and unbroken service ix- our fellowmen. Aboyso trained will believe in God, the care of His Providence, the gentleness of His Omnipotent Fatherhood, the perfect hopes which rest upon His justice and Hisiove. He will believe in man, theglory of hisigifts, the ^jrandtBUr «t his individuaHty, the nobleness of bis true ind ;iattaln&ble;' 4dea}i: ^ w^l; Jjeli^e ;^ conscience, the integrity of its guidance, the sanctity of its revelations as the very voice of God in the soul of man He will believe in duty, and hold that nothing is so fair as the smile upon 'the face of that stern yet holy monitress.* The beauty of this world will bo to him but as one rose flung down from the summer opulence of heaven — To show what glories yet in store Lie just beyond the temple door. Ho will know that 'man doth not live by bread alone.' His life will realise some, at least, of our boundless possibilities. His soul will be like one of those ancient temples which were enriched with painting and sculpture, full of air and music and incense ; and, best of all, it will be lighted from above, and in its secret shrine there will be no foul idol, but God Himself will be worshipped there. In the pure home of such a one, when he is grown to manhood, love will speed his golden shafts, and light his constant lamp, and wave his purple wings. He will not seek for happi ness in pleasure only, only to find disgrace ; or in fame, to find disillusionment ; or in power, to find ingratitude : or in any allurement of the world, the flesh, or the devil, to find in all these disappointment and destruction. Nor will he be led through feebler eminences to less pitied destruction, through vice and ignorance to death, beyond which there is a yet deeper death; but. crowned and mitred over himself and over the peaceful kingdom of his own mind, such a one so trained, true and simple, earnest and diligent, noble and oheer ful and full of hope, will make his life a true life indeed, a life which iB yet more abundant life, leading to that life beyond ' the earthly load of death called life, which us from death doth sever.' He must be deaf aiid blind and dumb in vulgar, comfort-loving selfishness who does not see that there is danger in the signs of the times. Tho horizon of the future is by no means free from potent to exorcise 'those demons who are, as it were, spreading their dark wings on their way to the Armageddon battle, and nothing will be bo powerful to resist them as wise, Christian education. The working man without religion loses the most distinct sign of his humanity. 'I must havo subjects who know how to be men.' said Napoleon the Great. ' A man iB not a man without God, I saw men without God,' he says, 'ir* tho Reign of Terror in 1793. One do-'s noli govern such men — one shoots them down.' That was the testimony of one whose religious feelings were by no means strong ; and I saj that if England continues to train her boys into true men, into self-respecting Christian men — if she saves them from becoming mere hungers and tbirts and fevers and appetites, then no danger can ever ruin her from within and no foe can ever shake her from without. There is at this moment n feeling of great uneasiness, of deep and widespread discontent among certain portions of the working classes. The sound of it is like the ground murmur of some swelling and advancing tide. In the mass of the people it finds vent in blind forms of ill- understood indignation and restlessness, in the temptation to use power for ends impos sible and disastrous. .There 1b, as an eminent statesman recently observed, a great fery ~ ment of new thoughts, new principles, new aims, new social ideals, new industrial methods and hopes j and at the same time there, is a deep impatience of unending discussions which yieid no fruit, and which tempt men to find a refuge in schemes purely visionary and fraughb with ultimate catastrope. It is to the Church of God— that is, to the blessed company of all faithful people — that minds the most seriously earnest look to draw the thunder-flash from these threatening clouds, to control it into orderly and hallowed service, to prevent it from shattering^ the azure sleep ot ? heaven. ' I Bee them rising to their feet,' says the present Bishop of Armagh, 'the greatest host thab time has ever known, and hear the murmur of millions speaking to millions across the sea in many languages* The generation which is to take our place will certainly judge the church, by her works. Choose which you will a church which can rightly interpret the living words of Christ, or a church reactionary and retrogressive, blundering on in ruinous ' prece dents, extracting from the present only its bitterness, and from the past only its mis takes.' Two recent books by writers not of the people, but of the clergy, the literary, and the professional classes — one called 'Vox Clamantium,' tho other called 'The new party'-^-give a somewhat wild and incoherent ; expression to the conviction that our social conditions will receive a searching analysis. One ot them says openly, 'Our new religion turns its back upon the churches with their symbolism and their ceremonies and their dis- ' play.' And another makes a savage onslaught on what the author, perhaps to -some extent unjustly, regards as the pettiness, the artifici ality, the effeminate ecolesiaetioism, and class and caste claims of many of the clergy, and the lack among them, as it ex presses it, pf fearless prophets and .of ''men of light and leading.' Amid this chaos of con tendinr opinions, what are we to ao- jle is eaBy to piunge into a periect: maei- . :. strom of babblements, such as is continually - whirling around us : but earnest men will say, .;'-??' '?Please give us direction in the plaoe of ; theory, and tell us what ia bur imr sdifcte : : ; duty/1 ? ' :'' -: . .' -V :.'.-?.;? -:S Once the late Dean Stanley was waflnrig. r with the great writer, Thomas Garlyl^ 4n St, .',?; James's Park, and Carlyle had burst into one. '?', of his- fulminant denunciations -of all' elapses ;: and conditions of menu speaking 6f: the world ; ? in general as V an 'amalgam of . fifteen huridrep -: millions of -people, mostly f oola.1' .'.When*1jbi$.-! -; ; ? wordy storm 'was over, the dean asked iiiShil ?!? 23, gentle way^-' Wel?i f^,';flpsaylft;»p™»'.j&te;|;f:j5;i: En^ishdergyma^kemeto^ot' Cariylejttc* %;t' put into one of his huge stt my laUgbi, «i3j$ is^ iasV^p'pinjfc. jaid,. ?l|?lin»t-foeyer pif^^^-M ? ? findeth to do, do it with thy niffrhfc' Excel lent ad vide, certainly, but it needed no prophet or no ghost to tell us that. The advice was three thousand years old. We did not make the world. Wo are not accountable for all its apparent disorders. We cannot revolutionise all its' sad conditions. As Martin Luther said, we 9hould be the greatest asses in the world if we thought we could. But, still, each one can «o ' Bomethiug in this world to purify its life, and to make our fellow crea tures happier, even as each dew-drop does something in the silent eveningB, and as each Band grain adds something to the illimitable shores. We can make a few hearts happy ; we can dry a few tears ; we can take a few children by the hand and train them for God. We can cause a few rays of God's sunlight to Bhine in the hovel and the slum. The poet Browning, sailing close by St. Vincent and Trafalgar and Gibraltar and Cadiz Bay, Bang:— Here and here has England helped me : Now can I help England ? Say, Whoso turns, as I, this evening, Turn to God, to praise and pray, While Jove's planet rises yonder Silent over Africa. Well, as it is, some of us do_ harm to our country and to our age by our sins and by our selfishness, and many of us do nothing, and very many of us do much less than we could ; and some of us do not even attempt that little. It is a curious fact that we sometimes can be so tender to the individual, while we show ourselves so callous to the general. Charles Dickens tells a story how once an English vessel called the Grosvenor went ashore ? on the desert coast of Caffraria, and a hundred and thirty-five souls had to make their way in two detachments on foot across trackless deserts, infested by wild beasts and armed savasres, to the Dutch settlements at the Cape of Good Hope. Among those 135 survivors of the wreck there was one little friendless boy of seven 3Tears old. He cried after one of the passengers who had been kind to him, and he was at once taken into that one of the detach ments, and this whole company made that little child their sacred charge. Sailors, when they swam across the rivers, pushed him before them on a little raft which they had_ made. When he was worn out, they carried the child by turns . through the deep sand and long grasB. They lay down and waited for him when the rough carpenter, who was his special favorite, lagged behind. Beset by lions and tigers, by savages, by thirst, by hunger, by death in a crowd of ghastly shapes, thank God they never forgot the child. The captain and the boatswain lay down side by side to die. The survivors . still took with them that little child. The carpenter died of eating poisonous berries. Then the steward took up the sacred guardian ship. God knows all that he did for the little lad. Weak and . ill himself, he still carried Mm in his arms. Starving himself, he still fed him. He folded his rough jacket round him, and laid the little worn face with a woman's tenderness unon his sunburnt breast. Then they both fell ill, and their wretched partners in despair, now reduced to few in number, waited forthem'one wholeday. They waited for them the whole of the next day. On the morning of the third day, they must move on or die ; but they agreed that the child should not be disturbed to the very last moment. The moment comes. They go back to the place where he is lying, to bid farewell to him beside the dying watch-fires. But the little child is not Bleeping, as iney tuuugui ; ne is ueuu. You pity that poor little one. You think that you would have gone through as much for him. Would you? Would you have borne hunger and thirst and want and weariness, scarcely calling your life your own, and the sun smiting you by day, and the the moon by night? Would you do all that for one little unknown child ? Yet will you not let your little finger ache, or go through the frightful martyrdom of giving a few shillings extra, for hundreds, and thousands of little children ? Is your imagination so defective ? Well, then, to put it in the concrete, A red-haired child Sick in a fever, if you touch him once, Will set you weeping:; but a million sick? Well, but the human race To you means such a child or Buch a boy You saw one morning waiting in the cold. The social problems of England appeal to you day by day to help in some way or other, and that the best way, for their solution. Posterity and the future appeal to you in each such opportunity for duty, for, if you neglect the smaller, is it likely that you will fulfil the greater ? The tide sweeps in to purify the world with its lustral wave. Because you can not be the mighty tide, is that any reason why you should not be as one drop of it ? England appeals to you to help her in your individual corner of her too-distracted and weed grown vineyard. The children of your parish, as one fraction of the children of England, lift up to you hero and now their little appealing hands. They are born, as you know, into a crowded and struggling population. Hard work and deep anxieties and severe suffering almost inevitably await many of them in the tuture, as tiiey are, indeed, the common lot. Give, then, at least to the morn of life its natural blessedness. Trained in righteousness and true holiness they may be saved from the grim perils of the future, and ai-med to face its fiery temptations. You know thatthebricksof the Assyrian palaceswere Btamped, every one of them, with the royal mark. One of these bricks, still preserved, 3,0Q0 years ago, whilst the clay was still wet, a dog trod, and his foot obliterated the royal mark. My friends, shall we not do our be6t to prevent the dogs of drunkenness, of unclean ness, of dishonesty, from trampling out, on the souls of , the children of England, the mark, ' the image and ' superscription, of their Father and their Lord ? Ah ! if we do not, those dogs' feet which have left their foul marks on so many souls in the past, and even now on so many souls in the present, ' may be perpetuated for many a coming genera tion, to the ruin and disgrace of this ancient and God- fearing people. You know the fine lyric of Charles Mackay : — Who bids for the little children, Body and soul and brain ? Who bids for the little children, Young and without a stain? 'Will no one bid,' said England, 'For these souls so pure and white, And fit for all good or evil, Tlmt the world on their page may write ?' Then, you know, Fcst and Famine bid for them in the squalid and feverous slums ; and howling Beggary bids for them and promises to teach them to lie and skulk and crawl ; and Grime bids for them with wolfish eyes to lead them through Bin to the prison, the hulk, and the gallows. ' Oh, shame,' said true Religion, ' Oh shame that this should be I I'll take the little children. I'll take them ell U- me. I'll raise them up with kindness From the mire in which they trod ; I'll teach them words of blessing; . I'll lead them up to God.' 'You're not true Eeligion,' Cried a party 'with flashing eyes. »' Nor thou,' said another, scowling, ' Thou'rt heresy *nd lies.' And England, sorely puzzled, \- To see such battle throng, Exclaimed, with voice of pity, 'Oh, friends, you do me wrong. .? . , i Cease, cense, your bitter wrangling, .-?/ ' For, till you all agree, 1 fear the little children \- Will plague both you and me.' * Those children might grow lip to be the :. Messing and hot the scourge of the nation, and ?}-y^A grant it may long continue so. 