BITS FOR BONIFACE. Prohibition seems to be on the wane in Christchurch just now, re marks a New Zealand paper. No less than three pubs are being rebuilt at the present time, so that would seem to poiut to a revival in the trade. The office of the L.Y.A. has been removed to No. 23 Brookman's Build ings, Grenfell Street. The " Hope of Danedin" Gocd Templars have been giving an enter tainment entitled "Tie Homes and Haunts of Robert Burns." How Rabbie's ghost must have laugbed. Just the very last thing that the poet would have desired to be was a Good Templar. Give him his whisky and he was happy. Without it he was as melancholy as—well, as a Good Templar. The Commissioner of Police is mightily concerned about the Sunday closing law, which he represents is being seriously evaded Colonel Madley talks of an amendment of the Act being necessary. Well, the only amendment which will be a all efficacious is one permitting the hotels to be open for certain hours on Sunday. The publican, as a rule, has no desire to break the law \ his cus tomers force him to do so. They will have a drink when they are thirsty, and there will always be found some one—on the principle that " O^e must live "—to supply them. Would it not be far better to have open drinking for two hours on Sunday than all this slyness and dodgery % Why, in the very interests of tem perance it is advisable that the hotels should be partially opened on the Sabbath Day. Cabled this week that the Rev. Lane, a Sydney parson, addressing a meeting of Sunday-school kids, related how the late-lamented Butier, a day or to prior to his execution, asked him to tell them that " Drink brought him to what be was." A beautifully in structive little yarn. It is to be hoped the children were duly im pressed. When they are old enough to think for themselves, and to under stand these things, they will know that nearly every brutal criminal tries to excuse his misdeeds by pleading u drink did it,91 and that if drink was alone responsible for crime, then all those who are not abstainers would turn out Butlers.—Spectator, Christ church. A Masterton (N Z.) magistrate has decided that Jaypees have no power to issue prohibition orders. As the Great Unpaid have been very assiduous in this respect the prohibited persons will now probably proclaim a holiday to celebrate their immunity from Jaypeeism. The present Sunday-closing of hotels is admitted by all to be a failure. If men cannot abstain from 11 p.m. on Saturday until 6 a.m. on Monday how can they be expected to refrain from alcohol for all time 1 Sydney Truth. 