Mining Law.. Reform. AN AMERICAN MANAGER'S OPINION. SOME NOVEL PROPOSALS. Amongst the witnesses called by the Mining Commission which recently sat at Kalgoorlie was Mr H. C. Callahan, an American of high repute, who is the manager of the Lake View Consols. Mr Callahan said that his views on mining were so entirely different to anything in vogue in this colony that he had thought his evidence would be of no value to the Commission. The Chairman (Mr. Gilbert): New ideas are exactly what the Commission want. Witness: My idea of mmi»g is that the country should be developed by the prospector. A miner who finds new country has had to take all. the risks and chances, and you should try and put it within the means of the prospector himself to develop the country. You have had here a most remarkable mining boom. These things Gome seldom, and in the future if the mines are to be developed, it must be by .the individuals themselves. You have all sufficient knowledge of co-operative or syndicate mining to know that it is. all done for a little stock jobbing. Sooner or later these must come to grief, as they are dictated by men who have no idea of mining. In America, we had all this stock speculation. Mining in the sixties "Went down to nil. The Governmentthen adopted aliberal attitude, and said that anyone could "locate " country if they wished it. The law there now is so simple that all a miner has to do is to peg out his claim, pay one and a half dollars to record it, and every year record the work he has done. This latter is filed in the records, and is prima facie evidence of his title, In Australia it is argued that under this system a person could locate tne entire country, i n America that is not the effect. Though it may lead to a little " shepherding," still it puts the prospector cn his own mine until it is developed. The prospector there has no partner. He will delve on year after year, and eventually brings out a mine. Some of the finest shows developed there have been proved by socalled " cranks." The prospector sometimes works on for 20 years before he is successful. While we lose in what you may call " herding," it developes that, individuality which makes the miner. Here four or five men go to work, and they may have a little ore in sight. It is 10 to 1 that they get what little money they cau out of it and let it go, and after they leave it, it is a worse holding than it was originally. In New South "Wales and "Victoria they had fairly good mining camps 20 years ago. with little lodes. The law courts compelled the miners to pay a heavy rental and employ so many men on the ground, so that a man had to have five or six partners. The effect was that the land was abandoned when it should not have been abandoned. Your cbject should be to make a nation of independent miners. It can be done. In Colorado there is no prominent mine on the stock b< ard manipulated for stock purposes. The only stock so manipulated is on the Comstock. You want labor conditions on mines. Until 3'ou get a mine you cannot get Lbor. if a prospector is "willing to risk his labor and industry, that is sufficient for the State. The Chairman : We are told here that the first essential to mining is to introduce capital. Witness : No. There is no capital equal to Australian muscle. Colorado would never have been developed otherwise. They did not say, '* We want capital." -Cripple Creek was developed by a carpenter. They said, " The gold is too fine ; you can't save it," but he kept on delving uniil he demonstrated it. Capital follows after profitable investment. Capital flowed in here because they had a chance of floating mines. Your idea is to locate a claim and sell it to someone else, and sometimes you hold on so long that you are left holding the sack. The . Government should look at it in another light, and say, " If the people want to locate country, locate it." We will regulate it so that you can have it surveyed at the smallest possi le expense, so that you know exactly where you are. and one won't interfere with the other." I would say then, "Go to work and make it within the province of any one individual to perform the required amount 0,1" work during the year." In Australia, with all your labor conditions, there are many claims held without working. .1 hey are " shephered." For much discreti nary power is given to the Wardens. Each prospector should be compelled to do so much work per year. Ihat work—either sinking*, driving, or cross-cutting [but hot stoping) — is measured at the end of the year, and a description is filed in the Record Office and becomes prima facie evidence of title By that means you develope the individual miner who will have an incentive to open up country. It may take him a lifetime. Someone may follow up where he left off. By that means you will develope a higher plass of prospector— miners who 4< belong " in the mining business. Nine- tenths of the. directors of companies have no id'.'a of mining. They dictate, however, and perhaps the poorest miner on the mine knows more about the handling it than they do. What I advocate is a radical change, but it would be an improveme t in my opinion. The Chairman: Do you consider the present title for leases satisfactory ? Witness : I am not a believer in absolute security of tenure to mining claims unless they are worked by some means or another. 'lhe Chairman : Do you favor the present labor conditions ? Witness : The labor conditions I consider a farce. If a man has a "mine" he will work it. You can't create labor or an avenue for labor until you find the mine. 'The Government, by the laws and the charges they make, anticipate that when you put in f »ur pegs and apply for a lease they are giving you a mine. Bur. they do not. They simply give you a prospecting area. Mines are not found by simply running over the country. You don't dig out ores by simply backing lip a cart against the side of a hill. When mines are opened up if they are profitable they will be worked: and if not you have to give a man who is an owner time t > develop it himself with his own energy and labor if he can get no other. The Chairman : Are not the labor conditions a safeguard for the British investor ? Witness: You don't define the difference between a mine and a *24-acre saltbush claim. A mine is not a mine until it is developed. If the foreign investor is so foolish as to invest his money there I don't think he should get any pity. The Chairman: What are your views about ft jumping" ? Witness: The."jumper" is certainly an undesirable article in any country. The title should not leave any question astojumpiug. The amount of actual work performed should be recorded and serve as prima lacie evidence ol the continuation of the title; and if he allows the time to pass over for putting in the record the laud then becomes a public domain again. !Si me official could be employed to inspect the mines and record the amount of work done. You are always anticipating that mines are not going to be worked ; but you know as a matter of fact that where there is a ghost of a show a miner would stay there as long as he could. Men don't leave sovereigns lie in the street for the sake of the trouble in picking them up. The Chairman: Then it is really in the interests of the state if the " salt bush mines " liere, as you call them, should be branded. "Witness : No man should be allowed to locate a mining claim until he finds minerals at the place. If he wants a prospecting area he should brand it as such. There should be no location until the miner has found either gold, silver, or other precious metal. You must first start with the proposition that he has something in the shape of a mine. Do you suppose the Australians located all this country for the mines that were in them ? This btate has had a remarkable revenue from a mining boom, occasioned perhaps by a desire in London to sell West Australian mining claims. You can't expect that it is going to occur again here The Chairman: Do 5 7 ° u think the erection of public batteries would encourage prospecting ? Witness : In regard to that if you look over Arizona, California. Mexico, and all those countries, you will find that the less the Government interferes with an industry in the shape of assisting-it the better. All attempts of Governments to venture into private enterprise have been failures. If you want public batteries, I say put them up as cheaply as possible, and let them be under ihe supervision of one man as watchman. Then all those who wish to crush ore can take charge and do their own crushing ; but to keep a staff of officers and employ men to work the batteries would, I believe, entail a very heavy expense and prove a failure. The watchman might be an engineer, and could see that the work was properly performed. In America they lend mills bodily in this fashion. The .Chairman: Po you approve of the establishment of technical schools of mines on the goldfields ? Witness: I think it is a perfect absurdity. It has proved so throughout all the colonies. The only way is to have a good School of Mines for all the colonies. All Australia might support one good school of Mines in Ballarat. orBendigo, where a good deal of mining is done. The" Chairman : As to reward areas for* prospectors, Mr. Callahan ? Witness: If a prospector finds a mine in any place it should be a reward area, and he should not be charged a cent. If he g<>es there and locates it he - is doing . the State a benefit. All mines should be reward mines. If the mine is productive arid you chose to put a tax on it, well and good. Only the smallest tax should be put on development in the early stages. The Chairman: Do you favor the present rent of £1 per acre for mining leases ? Witness : That would be a tax of £24 per annum on a prospector who took up an area. If the amount were put into the mine, in working expensed it would do the state more good. If you are going to tax the miner, tux the shipbuilder, the forester, and everyone in the same way. The expense of ^living is part, and parcel of the cost of working the mine; consequently the industry is already called upon to pay for the maintenance of the Government, The Chairman : What are your views concerning a prospecting vote ? Witness: My experience of the prospectors when I " put up " for them have been very bad. Give them a show ; let. them.go out il on their own," locate ground and develop it The Government does not need to step in and assist them in any way. The Chairman : It is said that trouble may arise over the leaseholder and alluvial digger each having a title to the same piece of ground. What is your opinion, Mr. Callahan ? "Witness : The American lavs overcome that. You allow people to go all over the country without respect to lode formation or any known indication. in order to distinguish what is a placer m; ne and what is a lode formation, you must find some mineral before you are entitled to a lease at the hands of the United States Commissioner. You must swear there is a lode there. When a man has a lode it is a serious thing to use any of the surface area for other purposes. When a lode formation is discovered the prospector should have the absolute right to the ground. If the Government thinks it is alluvial let it be worked as alluvial until it is abandoned, or grant a lode title subject to the conditions of those who have placer claims. The Chairman : That is the system here now. The lease gives a title to mine for quartz reef lodes or veins. Witness : But when a man locates a mine as a lode mine his title is secure. Don't come afterwards and say you are going to prospect it for alluvial. A. man started to work under my. dump the other day, and wanted to mine for alluvial. 1 Alluvial diggers si ould not be allowed to undermine the whole property. We have a little alluvial on our property, arid where it does not interfere with the works we have no objection to the men working it. To say that they should be allowed to go into, the shaft and destroy the permanent work is absurd. It is a very "ticklish" law. You must give a man some privilege of working his claim. Twentyfour acres is a very small lease on which to put up all requisite buildings. The Ivanhoe is hampered for room for the mil they propose building. The topography of the country should have a ^direct bearing on the question of how much land is required lor the buildings on a uiine. So far as the alluvial workers have gone on the Lake View we don't object. No hardships have been put upon me so far. The Chairman . What size do you think an alluvial claim should be ? Witness: In America, whereever rich patches are discovered, the miners have power to regulate the areas which they are individually entitled to. The question can best be answered by the diggers themselves. If a prospector finds a new district—and it is only once in a lifetime that he will —I tshould give him a sufficient area to make a fortune out of it. The Chairman: The evidence we have had from the alluvial mm so far is that, as the gold is so easily won from the surface, they are favorable to the present size of alluvial claims, so that one man may not monopolise the whole, country. Witness: They are the best judges of that. In answer to other questions, Mr Callahan said he was opposed to any amendment of the Act making it compulsory for compa ies to put aside onefourth of their capital lor working expenses. A scheme of the magnitude of that proposed by the Government f >r supplying this field with water was uecessarv. Mining inspectors had outlived their usefulness. The manager knew how best to manage his mine, and miners protected themselves. In the case of contributory neglect the mine owners should not be held responsible. They should trust to the intelligence of the miner to take care ot himself. Mr Bryant said he had, listened with considerable interest to Mr Callahan's evidence. The inquiries of the Commission w T ere restricted to the best mode of developing the auriferous resources of the colony." It was scarcely likely that the Legislature was going to wipe out all th existing laws arid regulations, and revert to something else all at once. might see its way clear, however, to embody some of the alterations suggested by Mr Callahan. 