ST. GABELLJE'S INN. My Uncle Bayle was a man whom ev ery one loved and welcomed as a visitor. His homue was not as ours was, in the little city of Mirepoix, but in a `grand chateau, with crimson roof and shutters, in the environs of Pois. A lairyer by profession and 1press"d with business, he never let a fortnigh: pass without com ing to see our mother, and there were many of us to greet him, for Uncle Bayle was the eldest of 13 children, all of them, with one or two exceptions, living with their own or their children's children in the neighborhoo' of the family home, my sister and myself in the homestead itself, with our infirm but pious and courageous mother, whom, as I told you awhile ago, Uncle Dayle came to see. "Uncle," said Dorothy one evening, the prettiest as well as the bravest of all our cousins, "tell us :ighost story, please. We have heard all the others." "'One cold autumnn evening," said he, "some 40 years ago, I was returning from Toulouse, where Ili had been called on business. I was traveling fast' and had' already passed Auterive, where, some friends had urged me to stay the night, brit I was in a hurry to reach Saverdun, three leagues farther on, and continued my mute. Just in front of the monastery of Iolbonne, in the forest of Secourien, one of those furious tempests which spring up in the heart of the mountains without a inoment's warning fell upon me. In less' than no time it was as black as midnight and 'the road invisible. 'There was nothing for it but to turn, about and ask for shelter at Bolbonne. In a little while my horse stopped, and I saw that we were before the door of an inn. I entered. The com pany' was numerous and composed of merchants, Spanish students and the sport?uen of the neiglborhood, sur prised like myself by the storm. "'Truly,' said oie of the hinters, 'the". weathei's devilish-a regular witches' aibbat.' "'Pardon me,' cried a voice in a di taut corner, 'witches and goblins hold sabbats on moonlight' nights and not in storms." "We all turned to see who had spoken' and saw that it was a Spanish uner chant. None of us seemed disposed at' first to auswer a remark made with such' solemn gravity. In fact, ,we were as si lent as owls until suddenly my neighbor on the right, a young man of frank and pleasing appearance, burst into a fit of laughter. " 'Really,' said le, indicating the nier chant who had spoken last, 'it seems as if the 'gentleman understood the habits of goblins.. Perhaps they've told you,', turning to himn scornfullyi 'how much; they dislike to be wet and mnuddyl' "The Spaniard' gave him a terrible' look. " "'You speak too lightly, y;oung man, , said he, 'far too lightly; of things you know nothing about .' "'And yonu would have me believe that ghosts exist? ' " 'Perhaps,' said the other, 'if you are brave enough to look and, see. "Here's a purse,' hei. cotinued, rising and alp prdaching the table; 'containing 30 gold-' en quadruples. Lwager; them all that' in an hour's time' I call before you the face of any one of your friends, even if he has been dead a dozen years, whom: you may name to me. Moreover, when. i you have recognized ! him, he shall api proach, embrace and salute you with a kiss. Do you agree? And, as' he asked, the jiuestion the in?nner of'the maniwwas so imprssijtve nid stern that we izivol untarily trembled. My yneighbor only remained unmoved.: . "'And you can do all that? he cried. "'Yes,' answered the Spaniard, 'and willingly part with my 30 quadruples beside, if I do not, provided you wiillose Ssiminar,,,,nus-t if I hold tomy promise and force youftb believe. ?iT6e offeriv s; at once accepted. "To guard against trickery and decep tion,'"ave dde ed to use ,' little pavilioii situated iii' the outer g-arden, perfectly isolated ind"i]are of. ever thin hut a,, chair and a table. After assurinmg our selvesithat there were no other' issues than a door and, a window -the student entered and, we left 'imi tolhis fate, not, however, without placing beside him all 'the necessary writing materials and ex tinguishing the lights. , '"'When'everythii g was ready and we' had amiangedourslvesini iciicl6 ?idiid" the door, the Spanmiard, who had waited' in absolute silenueill all was done, be gan to smingu aIod, swaee voice, averse, as near as I .cans remember running thus: o~ hsi bursts ' 5 With'a cracking noise the coma bursts In the tolii, sleep, dark and profound, a i"And the phantumol :hlite places his foot On the Iso,1 ,f the :.!d:l, "asp groundi "Thieni levat"ng.'liis voice, hlie 'called to the?.tdeit gliLnt iip itiiiin the pavil ": 'You hiave told me,' said be, 'thatyou desire to have a:visit frouu the spirit of your a friend;; Fr.?iiscis Vialat,' drowno'] three years ago while crossing the ferry of Pensagunoles. ':Now, what do you see? "'Isees?i othiilg, replied the student; 'but stay! a white light begins to lift itself yonder by the window, formless, shifting and like a floating cloud' "After a moment's silence the Span-i 'ard begins to sin.g ?:;aiu, his voice deeper snd gluoomier .thi:z bfolro: I' "And the ihan:o whh!te. whomthe rashnag rains Had faded to1 tih: es fa(ir, Wiped with his -.;rsl, id hisi skieoletson hau thae droeT fIrom Lis ,aee cii s.frt" "'What do you see now,: he cries, You who wish to sound the mysteries of the tomb: what do you sea now? "'Nothing.' replies thevoice ofthostun lent, calm and cool as ever.: ' ' "'And you area not afraid?' cries the' Spaniard, his manner nioro scornful and insulting stil.. i, "'I am' not afraid,' comes back the :lear,brave voice of the prisoner within, while we, standing on the outside and in sight of theinfernal sorcerer's incanta-: tions, scarcely dare to look at each other, io great is our. dismay and surprise. "'And the phajitom said,' cries th ipaniard furiously: ........ And th! phantom, said, coming out from the tomb. "In order that he may knowmo in truth, [will go to my friend proud,smilingandsweet, A.s in the days of oucr first early youthll'". r "And again, ceasini his Eong, he pits his terrible question: ,,i ', "'What do you see now?';: j;:t .; "'The phantom advancing--he raises the veil-it is Francis-Francis Viatal- lie approaches' tho table:.-ho writes.-hoe has written his name'- - But beforo he can say more the Span lard resunes, hisnoico wildandhowling And the phantom said to this mocklng man. "Come thou at once and give to me . Thly hand to my hand, thy heart to my heart. And thy lils hoere I cai kiss thceel". "'Are youafraid now? Are o-buafraid, now?' he repeats, almost. with frnzy.: 'A shuddering cry, dying awayin a moan,' is the student's only answer. : " 'I warned him,' said the Spaniard harshly; 'I warned him howit would be.' You see, messieurs,' turning to address us, 'that I have gained the wager. ' But let him keep the money.. I am content with the lesson given him. .He will be wiser in future.", And with a grave in clination ]o walked away, leaving 'us thunderstruck-at the door of thepavilio?on behind which the sound of 'moans still continued. "At last we opened it. to find the stu-i dent writhing.upon the floor, a paper, signed with the name of Francis Viatal on the table beside him. It was at least an hour before he had recovered suffi ciently to be about again. Then, furious with rage at the treatment lie had re ceivedfrom the sorcerer, heinsisted upon having him brought before him. . "But the merchant was not to 'be found, either in or out of the inn. " 'But I will find him,' cried the stn-' dent, 'and I will kill him on the spot for the impious performanceinwhich hehas made nme assist." "And soon after, learning from the stable boy that the merchant had sad died his horse himself and departed some time ago, he followed him, still swearing instant vengeance. "We never saw him-in fact, we never saw eitlier of them again." "And yet, Uncle Bayle," said Dor othy breathlessly, "you can say there are no such things as ghosts or goblins" " More positively than ever," he re plied. "Neither the Spahish merchant nor the Toulouse student were ever seen Again, as I tell you. No more were'the 80 beautiful quadruples which I and the other guests of the inn had put together to make up the stun of the Spaniard's wager. The two rascals had carried them off between them, after playing be fore us a comedy which we were simple tons enough to believe, but which I found very dear at the time, when I had considerably less money to spare than at present."-From the French. 