OR, THE DANGER FI ELD MYSTERY. By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. _ Captain O’Donnell walked on to the town lost in thought. The ghost of Sir Peter was a riddle he could not read. At length he readied the churchyard of •Castleford. Then he suddenly paused. . • A man and a woman were standing just t>y the gate, screened from the view of passengers by the elms that waved above it. Even at that distance he recognised the woman’s figure—it was not to be mis taken—it was Miss Herncastle. Fate ^seemed to take a malicious pleasure in throwing him across her path, in fore dooming him to play the spy. . As the thought crossed his mind the two turned, and he saw that the face'of the man was that of an utter stranger. He saw'their faces clearly as they turn -ed from the gate and appproached him. In the profound silence the last words of i Miss Herncastle. in her rich, sweet, full tones, came to him: “You must go hack, Henry, and at once—to-night. That you have been at Castleford at all will cause talk enough.” Their hands clasped. The man mur mured something earnestly, in too low a voice to be heard. Miss • Herncastle’s clear voice responded: “Give up—give up now, after all I have suffered, all I have worked so hard to accomplish, all I have done already ? .Never! You should know me better than that. The first instalment of . my re venge I have had. "What I have sworn I will do: then. I care little what comes. Good night, my kind, my faithful friend— go back to London at once.” She pulled a thick veil she wore over her face, and walked away, with her own rapid, resolute step. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes; then he disap peared in the gloaming. And Captain O’Donnell! He stood like one petrified. Who was Miss Herncastle? He glanc ed at the grave and the grejr stone gleam ing in the moon-rays that told of the le gend of Katherine Dangerfield’s death. ..If Katherine Darigerfield were dead—if— ■ Svhat reason had he to doubt it? And Vet!—and yet!—his blue eyes flashed, his lips set, his face grew like iron with the sudden, stern resolve. “I’ll get at the bottom of this juggling. I’ll find out who you are_. my mysterious Miss Herncastle. I’ll find out whether it was Katherine Dangerfieid’s ghost Sir Peter saw under the King's Oak. or—a living woman!” 