UNDER THE SOUTHERN CROSS. (BY T. WARD-CHALMERS.) There was quite a mob of us camped out that Christmas eve under the glitter and glamour of the southern Cross. A hot wind had been blowing all day ; twisting the branches of the giant gum trees with resistless force, end twining the drapery of the Mimosa bushes into tatters of bedraggled untidiness fl nging the red-hot dust from the Central Plains into every c ease of one's perspiration-furrowed countenance, and generally causing the heart of unregenerate man to speak evil of this broiling, blazing Christmas, and to long for iceberg and water. But as the sua plunged down in 6ery glory beyond the Western Ranges with that startling suddenness never seen in * ther 1 .titudes all Nature poured to Heaven an harmonious paean of thanksgiving — the temperature dropped from the swelter j iog 145 t0 the pleasant 90 deg., the I locusts burst into a rattling song of praise, j the cockatoos (that is to say those that had ; not already been shot for our next day's 1 Christmas dinner) screamed melodiously, the : mosquitoes, dodging the smoke from gum bark and tobacco, hummed pleasantly around; and we lay round our camD-fire, wrapped in blankets and contemplation, smoking the pipes of innocence and peace and gating on the Southern Cross. We were returning from an unsuccessful search for gold. Rumours had reached us that a paying lead had been discovered on the upper reaches of the nowy River in North Gir psland. So, digger -like, we packed our swags, deserted go^d ground, and startrd for this unknown Eldorado, to find tha rumour, unlike the proverbial rolline stone, had gathered moss fltjevery- station on its travels ; :?»cked the tale to earth ed last ip ihe -ilMiight lteliad seen ** col 'rpr/'i^Wc f -i6r « ^ttaie, deterrained tfe jzive'ltie kkvuikL to 1 x^noe. Hheb -sllfr nmmneijfrle disappoint - ! .^merits.** backed the mud a)T||bu|^^^^oiis] and lnhoqntjible country froin-;49nrl ^ign^ii-i fat, ttad kfc tbe place for evert «£ieeriul lot i ?* stone-HoToe.1' Let's see 1 There were six of us that trip. There was Bos'un Bill, who had been a sailor in his youth, then a *' each-comber,' strongly suspected of 4- black -birding,' and tattooed in every porti n of his b dy to the envy and admiration of every Ka- aka he met. Then came Chatli our 'new chum,' fresh from Oxford and civilization, to whom rough digger- ways were a perpetual source ot joy. A cheerful youth wis he; not u -addicted to practical j *king, a d keeping the camp in a nevrr-ending bus'le of excitement. Next to him lay Kjg Bob an e--policemanr a quiet, gentlemanly fellow, whose adventures wi h the Kfllys and the other murderous bush angers would fill a volume could he ever be impelled to write his experiences. Poor fell w ! He never recovered from a revolver shot that Mat morgan put through his left lung. Then came the twins — two Aus'ralian natives — big, fair- haired, loose-limbed giants, working like horses for an hour or two and then en j- lying a couple of weeks' repose. Last in this curiously assorted company -- myse f. As leader of the party, I was usually addressed as ' Boss ' or ' « «Id Man,' the camp utterly ignoring my recognised n ckname of ''cctor' conferred upon me by the unanimous vote of Bendigo, after I had insisted upon fighting an epidemic of low fever with alternate doses of calomel and brandy, to the horror of an orthodox man, a M CS., who pinned his faith on the recog nised quinine, and who invariably lost his patients, while I saved mine. Strange, but strictly true. Yes ! It was a pleasant dreamy evening. The big white silver moon lit up the topmost fluttering leaves of the eucalipti till they danced like fireflies in her radiance, and the grey cold trunks of the peeled red-gum trees stood out with an uncanny ghostlike against the b'ue green foliage of the ferntrees in the underwood. Not a sound was heard, save the quick sharp patter of a 'possum or a bear as he glided cat-like to bis nest among the gum trees, or the deep bell-quaver of a belated laughing jackass or mopoke. -An evening, when reclining sub tegmine \ fagi, to devote to thoughts of *' England, I Home and Beauty,' to wonder how the loved j 'ones .in the dear old country bey n d the - distant seas were spending their Christmas j Eve among the holly and the mistletoe, the losses and good wdshes- of. the blessed Nod .time ; to ? ? t, ' I say,- Boss,' sliou(s the r irrepressible Charlie, intemspting my peaceful meditations, and bringing me back with a start from a coot parlour 13,000 miles away. - — ? ' Wake up, old man. We're all going to sleep. It's Christmas Eve, you know, and we're bound to cany It out after the orthodox fashion. .We're not well op in ivy and mince pies, but there's a buck 'possum, frizzling on the embers ; so I vote that we have supper and then spin yams over our pipes and billies. What do you say Charlie's example was contagious. So supper being ended, and another jbig '..billy ' , of water being hung on its appointed wire over our fireplace, i Ge^ected stK assorted sprays of kangaroo grass and held them out like cards to my companions, with the brief command that the man who drew the longest must spin the first yam and be sharp about it. All entered into the rpirit of the fun as cheerfully as I could have desired, and great was the satisfaction when I announced ' Big Bob ' had the honour of *' first-deal.*' Kpes were ce- Iigbted, ilanfcets arranged more comfortably, and Big Bob, in a quiet, modest way, but with a settled air of solid conviction, lifted up his handsome, meditative head, ^ told the following story : — DEAD MEN TELL TALES. BIG BOB'S STORY. ' I am aware,' he said, ' that many clever, men utterly deny Che existence of the super natural. 'They pooh pooh any :'ideas of warnings or apparitions, and class ghost stories with old wives' tales. They may be right. But, at (he same time, ur/Sdea is (hat . men who sit down in their study chairs with only' their own thoughts and their own or other people's books to teach thera, are apt to be far more, dogmatic than globe trotters like (nirselves, who bave seen the mighty works pf the Creator in all IJis marvellous ways. . They, ifih?y«aimajt understand or explain athine, j say that it is impossible. I, for -one, say that I have seen so many things beyond my human comprehension, that I am afraid to lift my puny judgment in denial or ridicule of what X cannot prove, and I am very glad that the Psychological Society has taken up this question of apparitions, simply because there is one episode in my life that I can account for in no other way than the supernatural. Let me tell ycu how it occurred. Some years ago, as most of you will remember, nearly the whole c f the mounted troopers were engaged in exterminating the Kelly gang. I'm not going to talk about that last scene at Glen rowan. In fact, I never care to think of the affair. But after the butchery was over, and Ned Kelly, the only one we caught alive, was on his way to the Melbourne gallows, another trooper and myself were dismissed to our stations in the Mallee. And, one evening, after such a blazing gli tering day as this has been, we came at sundown to a shepherd's hut. The place was empty, but a fire was burning in~a log outside the door, and the hut was clean and tidy, so we hobbled our horses, fossicked out some tea and damper, and made ourselves comfortable in the shepherd's bed places. lust after midnight we were bjth awakened by a quick firm tread outside, followed by a tremend us banging at the door Joe Pcarce, my comrade, got up muttering that the shepherd was too full of co'onial whisky to achieve admission unassisted, so yawning ferociously he undid the catch, threw open the door and discov xe.&—tiothi7ig. After first hailing and then coo-eeing to the intruder he closed the door again and returned to his bunk. scarcely had he settled down when the row began with undiminished vehemence. This time we both arose, looked to our Win chesters and revolvers, and made a careful search all round the hut. The moon was shining as brightly as she is to ni^ht. Tne sort of night that Melbourne policemen don't like, because -of 4he black shadows in the rights-of my, that hide£l)cir laxiikin enemies, bat lije sort of sight to compel an intelligent lo fathom oat 'the 4xtpstpives of ** Magellan's patches oh tiie btHe that -|£noiipDas tell us are wcwldsj lo tiy to vea&se; the ihfioite from the finite ? ' ' Vast heaving,' shouted Bos'un PHI, ' You've dragged your anchor, and you'll be in shoal water directly if you don't sling a kedge out ' Pig Bob laughed pleasantly, and said, 'Now, where was I ? Oh, yes ! I remem ber now ; Joe Pearce and I wanted to under stand this thing -Lhis hammering and clattering at the door, so we took a care'ul *ur ey of the ground round the hut. We found our horses shivering as Joe said, ' thr ugh cold,' -so we tightened their rug straps, and giving them the parting friendly s'ap, which means ' good night, you dear old fellow,' and is regarded *s such by every educated horse, we walked slowly b ck with ears and revolvers cooked to the shepherd's hut. ? ' Again- we turned in to sleep, and I was iust engaged in a beatific vision of the winner of the Melbourne Cup, when I awoke to hear our horses plunging and screaming with terror. Joe and I dashed out at once ; we saw our hordes ?afe, and then turning back to the hur, we felt rather than saw an indistinct shimmer ing kind of cold white vapour, that seemed to i take the form of a man and to bt ckon us with its fleecy arms. Joe, who is a Roman Catholic, kisse his relic and felt comforted. I was a little bit frightened — at all events I was very glad to have Joe's company. ' As we marched up to the hut in the placid moonlight -{I was senior- constable, you see, and could have commanded Joe to retire ten paces to the rear, while I took the credit to myself of investigating this phenome non, but at that moment I preferred company to pride1, this steamy-icebergv kind of being (is there such a compound word?) vanished instantaneously, anrt as it disappe red we heard the tramp of feet, a scuffle, a cry for mercy, a revolver shot and a heavy splash in the wateihole. Now, this was real I We could understand that. There are very few officers in Her Majesty's Victorian Mounted Police who can't recognize the singing, whist ling pin-n n n-g of a revolver bullet. ' Heedless of revolver 'shots and snakes we dashed through the brushwood to the water - hole— to find this bit of a bed tn a dried-up creek, shining like Minerva's shield against the moomays, fringed with those streaming pink -eyed 'spinotas' that were creeping— creeping from the shadows of the fern trees on the banks to the bit of moonlight in the centre, where a great Argentum waterlily lay basking in the glow, with her white waxen head supported tenderly and lovingly by one of her tendril shoots. 'We were thunderstruck. Of course we expected to £nd the water-hole a . bubbling tell- tale, but we i htew9 simply from /bush life, that nothing had disturbed those flowers since daybreak the last morning ; so after another long careful search ^mong the gum roots and the fern tussocks, we caught our horses, and were np and away to the squatter's station. ' Great .Scotland !' he shouted, after we had roused the sqaire np an hour before his nsual bath time, which was 5 a.m. 'Why, ye must be daft, laddies. Xt*s only last Thursday, six days ago, since I gave him his year's cheque and — ' *» Pardon me, sir,' J. said, ' we are police officers. Who did you pay your cheque to ?' He boiled over with rage as he gelled out, V Why, to Ned Williams, the keenest and cleverest shepherd on my ran. Well, what is it now,' the peppery old gentleman exclaimed, as one of his boundary riders begged to have a word with him. He listened, first im patiently, then anxiously, and turning to as . said, ?« This man reports that Ned Williams has not been seen for five days. What ' we do ?' : To cut a long tale short, I borrowed another horse and rode to the nearest township, fifteen miles away. I found _that neither at bank, post office or store had the old shep he d's cheque been cashed. My duty was P*aio. Alter telegraphing particulars to headquarters 1 got a couple of black-trackers, who, fortunately for me, had been stationed at the police (Office^ and were only too glad to get back forja tf me'into theirnaiire sc^nb We took ttian to fliat we wanted it. You've - seen black-trackers at work, r assented, Bos'un Bill, with -a shuddering kind of cramp that seemed ^ §**7 teddyonc :»s *Hu the Vast aeons of the past he himself had been hunted by a black-tracker, which thing I thought was not JWUW 10 . have happened his earlier days. However, Big Bob continued : 'The blackfellows stripped off their forage caps and tunics, they discarded their boots as well as their belts, and clad only in greasy skins and revolvers, they crawled round the hut. They found our tracks at once. Then they were puzzled for a time, till at last one of them, chuckling to himself, caught his comrade round the waist and carried him on his back to the waterhole. He threw him oftf roughly as he laughed out, ' Make a life, Billy ! White fellow there !' We drained the water off. and at the farthest end, beyond the lilies and the pink eyes, we found the poor old shepherd, one hand grasping a torn-off corner of his cheq e, while the other retained in its grizly finders just a fragment of a grey tweed coat. Just a fragment — that was all - and Anst'alia is a big country, b t I caught the owner of that coat within a week, and shortly afterwards he died on the scaffold. But if you want me to give any explanation of what my comrade and myself saw and heard that night — well, all I can say is that sometimes dead men tell tales. -l Now, Bos'un,' I said, turning to the grizzled old sai'or on my left. ' Let us have a yarn about the good old times in the Islands.' The hoary-headed scoundrel medi!atirely knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and then, borrowing a plug from the too-confiding Charlie, he gave vent to his emotions in a voice as though he were hailing the foretop in half a gale cf wind. As he nevr gave a name to his story I venture to call it THE NATIVE'S RETURN. HDS'UN HILL'S STORY. ^ es ! Them was the real pood old times, as you obsarve, ross, before these here mission aries come a hinterfering with a poor man's peace aod happiness. The islands was in them days like a little Heaven below, as one of them said in my hea inj when he was first -landed on the p ace ? Niee^h Sable fei-ew-he was, t o, bat he hadrii no saz/ej't didn't even know how to bui'd his own hut or cook his yams, and as for catching fish, why he cou'dn't swim more nor twenty yards, and then he come up from the breaker; a puffing and a blowing -ike a stranded wha'e. Not as I agreed, though with what the old Priests of the Shark God did when they de uded him up into the tapii erove. For as I said to him many a time, quiet and friendly like, two of a trade can never agree, and it isn't in Kanaka nature to let you take the whole of tne rainmaking and the prophesying business out of the hands of them as has prospered on it and i-rought up families on it for so many ' yams.' ' ut no He wouldn't be said, and they do say as how he tasted remarkable tough. But I was going to tell you what a peaceful, happy time it was in the islands. Wake up in the' morning, and feel hungry or thirsty, and you had only to roll over and pluck the nearest banana or paw paw. Did I want a bit of fish for breakfast ? Some of my wives would go and catch a hundred we ght ; or a bit of pork, and they'd steal the nearest pig. And if I did want a bit of excitement, there was always a war goin^ on, and if mt, it was precious easy to raise one. And the feast ng and dancing after the fight was over. Ah ! it was Paradise. But since these missionaries have come and got a fair hold on the people there's no peace at all. One of 'em actually up and told me as how I ought to work for my living. They've preached against war, till not one hair the young chiefs knows bow to tip a poisoned arrow. They've preached against darning till the poor dear women have almost forgotten the steps of the Hupa. And I'm blessed if they haven't gone and made those heathen idolaters dress themselves. I stood it as long as I could, but when I see Ring Raketomana walking to chapel on Sunday in a belltopper hat and a long-sleeved coat, with a hymn book under his arm - why, I fairly crie over it. But I was going to spin a yarn about young King Mahemariva, which was one of the first as took up with the missionaries. And noth ing must do but for him to go to the old country, just to show people at home what kind of savages these Kanakas was. They wanted me to go as well, but somehow I fancy there's a bit of prejudice against me in England, so I concluded I'd stop. He was away two ?* yams ' And whefi he come h»-V on one of the trading schoonersi thought the hull population would never* la e° done staring at him. They'd dressed fejm for tall the world like a lord Mayor's hur Instead of the white calico r 4ie«il MUSt teeth necklace, as looks respectable, they'd iig|^d : shiny hat, and black shiny H.r* shiny boots (which was endeullMak tAlJbr him, and caused him hangnish on a bit of coral), and he'd stndc * in his eye, which he was continually »drop piog ; and he'd got a agar in his mduth, and a bit of a riding whip in his hand f anil I don't know whether you'll believe it or2not,,but he'd ^ actually gone and invested in a piir Jf spars which, well you know, Bosnia srt&eVno; -mimal b^erthanapig In-ilBilfeesia. i After the people had_done walking lopE him- I and sni«ng at Wm lifce a pack of dingoL does 1 at a stray sheep dog, ihey formed a procession. '? up to the icing's house ; and therefclp and ; spoke a parcel of ®as about how he'd sefcn fee i Queen and the rest of the Royal FamiilTand - how people travelled in four-wheeled femes - drawn by flying dragons, and rode o^tallinps I ms'ead of slaves, and how that ' there were ' more people in England than in all his three ; islands put together. .And«veiy timt hefeune : to a fall Stop, his hyeglass would tombleout i i causing the people to squirm j That night, as I was lying in my hut, iedf-? tating sadly about the cruel times as had fcome - over the i^ands, the bid priesti fTfSui? i crawled in and whispered me to come In ^ J the Valley of Sacrifice Iwas^u^l^ ' and knew I was as safe there as in Mdbdurne! 1 so away we .went, up the mountain isS and I through the palnr groves, tilj w gotjjo ihe i I fj0*? galley— the only place ra lll the Islands the poor priests of the Shark Gbilfiai® 5 gait left to them. . C j . And there I Adseea ogjit. There was all I the girls dancing the ' Hum « and the Vail - p^ice, excepting them as^as baking yams % and ni eat. There was ah tbe ypunt* warriors ' W,ng the imhj WSS J right in ihe^ I middle of it, dancmg, and howling, fend feast- li Ing on What looked more like 'long pie' - than anything _else, though it's not for tiTto i ay, and «n*ingon like all jossessed; with, not a -at of clothing m tiere I | J | And I \ i: i ,-tj . ' : j ; i fcn'-r.cd , K IX^.rk-i, sr.', I cune to Aleiooumc Ly I horse at Kirk's Pazaar to earn' Gtppdand. 3 « iStt fiat day I only ma ;e 3 mi miles, as I'd teen buying a I in tJ^Eastem Arcade, » at :-„r -if' jtt-ajj*»iily.at Lilydale. Th;-rc i. 5sS row -was. y He told me that, Iolk ^ A bHore, ami, twelve years of aee, 'dAS from a neighbour's house to walk bait!, to her mother's house in Lilydale. Ttnl having reached there, the alarni 'Lost Child.' ?'You've heard that fc! haven t you ?' he asked, lurning tome. I had indeed heard thai alarm, cot ^ but thrice in my wanderings through 1^(2 It is a terrible thing to lie awake in s bip o like London or Melbourne and just J, '''' 10 near Ibtdm dang, dang of the big bell on the cerandfi tower, answered by the clashing discai the surrounding firebells for miles rouniik tell you that there is a fire in the city S turn round, after hearing your raity brigade rattle past, and after a dreamy i find that your Argus or limes gives lit j particulars of a warehouse fire down bri docks, in which a quarter of a milfcr property was bumed and seven brave farm lost their lives. , It is a terrib'e thing to listen !o Ibtk walling -oronach of the Celtic »id0„ jjj tries to relight the tapers at ihe htanilj gallant miner husband, who has been bin home from his gold-claim for the last tin? his mates, and reverently laid in his omib till the other long narrow one is made mi and garlanded with bright yellow m, flowers and priceless orchids for kindl» lor , Mike O Donovan. ™ Terrible, too, in its resistless force is th I slow rolling murmur, swelling and I as it nears, that accompanies the solemnjdoi home-bringing of a Penrhyn slate qoanyaa , when the long procession winds mgadfl boulders and through the cold-grey faj road. Heedle s of the five thousaadmoBBa you see nothing but that trestle covered ti the Union Jack, and think of nothing batfe widow and the fatherless. I really beg your pardon, reader. ln thinking about the pist. And when Kennedi asked me if I had ever heard the 'la Child ' cry, my mind glanced with lightning rapidity to the three several occasions ts which I had been within coo ee of it, audi thought — far beyond the sonorous clang dth fire bell — far more pathetic than the worm. — is the eager, wild veaming wail of th mother for her lost child. And now, ate this digression Kennedy will con inne ts tale. ' Next morning I was off ai daybreak, steering east, of course. I'd * been on tk j upper reaches of the Yarra-Yarra before, aod I calculated that by the time the lathing ; jackass made it noon I should be in sffif, i Mount Baw Baw. .Neon came, and mim ? ^^s-the-same^-trae ^and- waiilc^afflf« that I h d been plcnging through all man I looked at^my compass, you bet, ererf l minutes, and at wasn't till pretty ni^h sumowi that I found out the needle had got jammfl How long it had been so 1 could not goes there it was, just a plain bit of brass ss figures, fit to hang round a lubra's neck fori plaything, but no more use than tny pipe ti steer by. As luck would have iL, I had jnd crossed a creek, and as it was madness to leave water, I camped out for the night, node myself some tea and damper and waited far the morning. The day broke dull and foggy, and as the sun rose the mist came thicker mi thicker till I could not see a yard befotemt I dare not stay where I was, though] far aS my tea and bread-stufi was cone, aod 1 oulf had half a plug of tooacco left. So I struck for the biggest gum-tree that I could find, and shinned up it blackfelkw fashion, just cutting out of the bark with Df prospecting knife a hanging place for my ^ toe and my thumb It was weary work, ba I got at last to the first fork, and there 1 1? and rested for a while. The rest of the dhdi was easy, and thankful I was to get right through the fog and into the bright clear day light above. A hasty glance showed me Lilydale bif* mile away, and told me that I had bea i ravelling in a circle all the day before, so after carefully taking my bearings, I started t5 come down. And just then I heard a pitiful little ay, » a loud shout, but a moaning, yearning kind' cry ; a pleading, motherless kind of cry, as « a Iamb gone scrubbing ; so I stopped fl coo-eed. There was a considerable mob i parrots, likewise laughing-jackasses, aronB and of course they answered. * But through the shrieking and screaming ' the birds I could hear a tiny, tiny hso» voice, very thin and quavering, very weak an sinking (but you know, a bushman's ears tf cute) I heard a gentle, tender lassie's vcatt repeating 44 Our Father which art in Heaves. I wait down that tree, boys. (It was fairly tail tree, about 300 feet high— I hf seen bigger on the Otway), but I went do*J considerable rapid, and struck for a whispers *' Amen ' — and there I found her, the pc® little mite kneeling down in her bits ofiags and — well, boss — I'm no good at spinning1 yam — I guess I'll go and look after the bwsff for a spelL' And Ned Kennedy went from the the camp fire, and 1 have half a notion The horses be * of these little onesj E^fiujioative voice, mu&e;'*jj]JI wjwVft'-toit tobacco smoke. I felt aog? - ct&*ntemipt£on . My thoughts had str^i gg^B™^:^'iiie.i«-otheriand— so the do lessons tn precept and In practice that myself had received when at the side of « owe dear mother in that fu oft' land ttjn the distant seas, the only link teMreeo' being the ' Mother's Bible.' ? ; People may say what they like aw religious instruction in schools. In We have a godless system of education; ® U to say that no teacher in our State si® is allowed to communicate religious instwctB of any kind. . 1 he result is that about one-third™' rising generation here go in either for Catholicism or the Salvation Army, if ® are hysterically inclined, while the olb«j*j thirds are (and small blame to them) at'8^ ' What can you expect of such a isce_ 'Without God, without hope ' Tabe_ word for it. The secular education, ett™' ged first by the 25th clause in the Ej|® Education Acts' and then adopted by land's -colonies, wherein it is carefully P? yidrf that no religious teaching shau^ given, is cne of the finest strokes of on®1® that the Oevil has done in this centuiy. ^ Charlie asks again : ''Do tell rue that poor little mite lived or ??? answered — ** She was brought to the Mefl*®* SSpPila3 and ? cossetted and comto® y SSS jiroved that she had been tasto1 * fifteen days, with nothing to eat W fan roots nn,^ jwidi only an occasion^ of water from a creek. In a months ^ . after herbeit^j recaved into the was Strong and hearty, and is now, I 'tTj &£yKjfS#ywelI. It is, of course, a 'Jf.* '«K6ice',of ' the power of vitality, ''Ju '^^tenember that she could alwap jua^.'ipider from the creek, and t»V ny'|^g|^|a»d lier life.' ; ^ The ordeal -rfthe kangaroo gras nysdfup sisthe next victim. So I '''j tdy obeyed its Supreme command. 