TO THE PXRiffACLE, NEAR (Foil The Freeman.) ?Oh, thou majestic peak, that to the heavens Uplift'st thy snowed crest, a kirtle blue Of inist girt round thy knees, who crouched amid The eternal airs that fan thy brooding brows, Sit'st silent watching time and space ; whose eyes That front the east, by liddy sheathes held fast. 'Neath earth-brown canopies, unope'd and stern, And veiled bv lfiafv frinpps nf n\A t.rpps That moan mysterious woes, have oft beheld Ten thousand glowing ' beckings' of the dawn Across the heaven's expanding sea ; and oft Ten thousand radiant suns in east or west Rise in swift promise up, then sink, forget, Likeman, the comet o'er the skies of Fate. Ten thousand suns ? Ave. twice ten thousand. Who Can count the years that lie like drops forgot In caverned caves, recessy pools within Thy dark and secret mystery-pregnant breast ; Where Time hath hid his annulled page ; or know When first thou lift'st thy forehead to the dawn And felt its fannings on thy front ? Oh, thou Who to the winds of heaven thy prow uplifst, Calm and inscrutable as distant God ; Or as the mystery-lidded and portentious Sphynx whose sad dud'solemn-orb'jd eyes Watch the swift ages roll o'er Egypt's sand, Reveal what thou hast seen, and tell us what Ismail— his origin, and dejtiny ; His rise and end ; his first priraieval cause, Ani ultimate result ? Like thee to tower. And still remain but dust ; or, like the troop Of 'scaping locusts, whose discarded shells, Wan and transparent, stud the trunks where gleams The brown gum oozing thickly, mount and soar In flight unknown, from which he shall return To these frail bonds no more ? He hath the power To emulate thee for a space — may rise, Like thee, to heights ; and, like the atoms red That build thy bulk, he may buildup his life By grain on grain in prescient care o'erlaid ; But having built and climbed, he drops and falls From that high summit to the unnoticed tomb That gapes awaiting on the farther side — All men's ambitions. Down he drops his lyre — His tome or laurel-wreath, his crown or blade, Into the murky dust of denth sinks down That with its biting rust eats all things up, And so there is an end of him. But thou — That evermore eternal 'mid the snows That hood thy wintry forehead, or amid The spice-tipped breathings of ambrosial woods, When young Spring roves across the forest glades, And bids the firsfc light shoots of waxy green, That sport above the crowns of grimed oid trees Like children on the knees oe. silent sires, Appear to glad the bush, remain'st unchanged, Nor changed when scorching skies unclouded blaze, And torrid Summer fires the drought-dried grass, Or Autumn Haunts in tinted mask of youth ; Who look'st on all that fleets beneath thy feet — Beneath thy dumb eternity how small. On life, and death, and joy, and woe, and all The fleet swift turmoil of the flying soul, Entwined a moment in a mire of flesh, With still and silent frown, unchanged, untouched, And bowelless as Nature's self, who knows Not wrath nor mercy for her hapless sons, Shiine-slaughtered 'at her blood-bathed reckless feet— Thou dread'st not Time nor Death, nor know'Bt decay ! I wander 'mid the woods that cro .vn thy base, And in the silence of the summer heat I muse on Time and thee. When Time was young, Thou lifted' st thine head among the peoply peaks ; Thou saw'st the waves the bridal earth entreafc, When chaos was but newly rapt away ; In ages past, the warring winds did meet About thy brow, the wing-heeled sons of space. A million storms about thy base have rocked, Or dashed their thunders o'er thy stirless head ; A million rains have sobbed upon thy breast, { Like passionate hearts that break in reckless woe, Or pattered up thy sides with stealthy tread, Like robbers in the night. Across thy face The light hath chased the shadows through long years — The tender flying shadows, whose light feet, Skimming thy breast across in swift recoil, Flee the too amorous clasping sun, like her Who once fled from Apollo, while her fears Winged her light feet to death ; whose leafy dews Still mourn her verdant doom. And here below, Beneath the roofed branches of thy woods, Who knows what wandered once of hate, or love, Or crude ambition, warring strife or fear. When dusky tribes did foot it round thy knees, And build their gunyahs with forked boaghs, Or light their camp-fires on the plains below ? What gentle fear of timid-breathing love Hath paled some outward lip of ashen hue Against the dusky cheek ? What hungry eyes Looked from some wordless bards on lettered face And questioned space with thoughts incompre hend ? Lo ! Even here, the mystic waves that sweep The ether through, and thrill the abyssmal caves Of space with currents from the great centre God; That stir through all things, and all spirits stir, Like lashing fires swept wide on winding hills, But in the poet most the yearning wakes That breaks in song — in song should speak of Him — Ever, here, some subtle stirrings of the strange And mighty fluid ran ; and human pain, And human passion, in the wild sad sweep Of storm and stress, burst sobbing en thy breast In tears of blood ; and even here could break The dusky heart by some deep passion torn. But thou on all look'st stirless rain and storm, . The winter's cheerless skies, the summer's glow, Passion and pain, and bloom of flower and tree, Warring of tribes and tempests, all the power Of man and nature, and of space botween, Thou hast beheld with sombre front unchimged, As now thou sit'st and look'st on earth and me ! The day creeps, on the silent shadows fall Yet lowpr down thy sides ; and through thy woods — Silent and still as vespered aislesjvvhen Night Creeps through the bat-winged air on shadowy ?wings, And, from the fringes of his flapping cloak, Not yet wrapped fully round the amcrous day, Soft glooms descend that lull the drowsy trees, [ And hood the earth to twilight — 'mid the airs . That breathe like incense, through thy woods I stray, And lose ray being in the dreams I love ! Like censors swung before some evening shrine, Some quiet shrine, with silver tinkling bell, The ambrosial breathings from thy silent trees Embalm the woo-ls, and spread cathedral calm Beneath the boughs, and through the stirless glades. Australia's mystic silence binds the leap Of grassed ravine, or pillowy hollow, where The solemn shade with primeval air betrays The foot with semblance of a spot untrod ' Before. How sombre, yet how grand, these glades. Primeval round me of a' mighty land, Whose mystic beauty scarce is understood, Beneath its silent veil, like some fair nun, Whose darksome; hood hides unexpected bloom, Veiled from the wandering eye. Foi he alone Who gives himself to nature, he has seen The solemn grandeur of these woods, or know Thy beauty, oh Australia ! in the eyes Of thy tipped bluebell, seen the grace that smiles; Of thy deep glades the mystic language ,learnt; Or guessed the silent meaning of thy shades That no mythology hath shrined ; but God Set sealed lessons where His foot hath passed For man to wrest from silence. Through these woods No ' rapt Endymion. or fond Diana' passed, Here laughed no Hamadryad, no Narcisse Chased with his sister through these silent glades ; Nor fawn nor dryad played these Doughs amid ; Nor laughter-belling echoes of old Greece, Peopled with God and nymph, disturbed these shades ; Primeval silence steeps these solemn aisles That breathe of God alone ! Its yellowy crest The feathery grass hangs in the sunlight down, Or stirred by some strange thrill of jojr uplifts i Its breast in billows, wind-run like a wave ; Or dances in the sun with feathery stir, Like tripping fairies footing to their lutes. . My tender tread a thousand blooms doth spare Of ruddy yellow, g]eamy white and blue, That deck the starried bush with gems unsung, And shine amid the ever-quivering blades Like fairy queens that trip before their trains. Yet through what years these same frail flowers have bloomed Here at thy feet, before the white man's tongue Bellowed his little all below thy base ! \ Oh, with what eloquent tongue in things like these [ Nature forbids us pride ! The slanting glow i Along the tree-tops proves a lowering sun. I The shadows deepen — yet no answer comes j From thy dumb lips to all my questioning cry ! - Upon thy breast the red ant builds his nest, | And deems all won, nor knows of aught beyond. | Toils, builds, drags there his sport and dies ; and so Do we as blindly on the breast of Fate ? Toil, build, and die like him ! We emulate His fate and end ; but is this all ? Oh, thou Who lift'st thy forehead to the informing stars, Look out through space and answer — is this all ? What silence still ? Soft shadows fall, and swift The darkness through the woods creeps on apace ; The red sun wraps his rope about his limbs, And, on a couch of splendour, sinks from sight Behind thy protruding peak ; the lonely air Leaps in a panic fear to follow him, And moves the leaflets in a sudden stir ; The bluebells close their drowsied eyes and draw Their tents above their head ; with mournful cry, Across the sky, the solemn curlew sweeps ; . Belated birds ply swift their tardy wings ; And timid hares run forth to play at ease And nip their supper from the cooling grass ; The night is here ! A rustle of all things. Nocturnal tells its presence — shrill small cries Amid the cave-spread boughs betray where there The lead-winged sqxiirrel sports the leaves among, Before he seeks his food in flight extant, From dibbled limb to root. The night is here — Wan stars appear above the head, and like Some mighty shrouded ghost thou liftest high Thy forehead up to the eternal gloom Anil mock'st me with thy silent sealed lips. But whispering tongues from space that 'bout thee blow, Betray the vanished sun, and bid one learn. A God lies hid beneath the mystery That o'er life frowns, as thou 'twixt earth and Him. G. M. V. K. Orange, January 9, 1897. 