STODDART'S ENGLISH ELEVEN. MATCH AGAINST NEW SOUTH WALES. THE HOME TEAM BATTING. A BAD BEGINNING AND FINE RECOVERY. SOME LIVELY BATTING. By "OBSERVER" OF "THE ARGUS." SYDNEY, Friday. Stoddart s English team commenced the third match of their tour on the Sydney [ground to day against New South Wales The local team looked remark ably strong in batting" but for their bowling they do pended on three men McKibbin, Howell, and Coningham The day was not favour able a bit in ninth east wind blotting in the fHellion while late in the afternoon a thtuulci-toini threatened, and tonight there is no prospect of them i mi The at tendance was so id about 8,000 persons pi m. for admission since Stoddart's last eleven placed on the ground some line 1111 provements have been carried out, and rising from the pavilion there are now no fewer cattle Ino ei inkstands, the holding capacity of the ground, with even one havm a good view of the game being about 40 000 The bicycle track had just been painted pi i treen cricketers having come plume I that they lost sight of the ball against the action Lack ground As the outer edge of the trick uses as high as an ordinary picket fence, viewed from a high sent on the Bennie the effect is very curious, the ground appears. to fall sharply from the centre all round like a huge pic The whole of our lo' ed parched and brovYTi after the continuous heat, and the four hit is now easier than on any other ground in Australia Almost everything that beats the inner fieldsmen goes to the fence Stoddart team lost the toss to Garrett, and "New South Wales went in to bat with prospect of a heavy v score Had not some good wickets been thiownnvnY early br m excusable jets but felt, it would have been a bad lookout indeed for the 1 English bowling 1 Y cn now the impression is strongly gaining ground Unit on a dead wicket the J nghflh bowling is not strong enough to dispose of an Australian Eleven for any thing like a reasonable score Donnan and Hamper the latter, at 11 ough ii youngster being considered one of the most (unshed batsmen in Stilnet, Tientsin last to the bowling of Rich Wilson and Hart They commented at once to ask Valuable wickets in stealing doubtful sulkies and 1 Jumper was steady um out off first hit of the match "Trumper then placed Richardson to leg for 4, and coming opposite Hirst cut his first ball straight to point, Ranjitsinhji catching him cleverly close to the ground One for 5 It was a lad ball, and the Young batsman might h t or, anywhere he pleased Oregon began in a style that promised a ] perfect innings bank cutting both bowler so fast that the fieldsmen had not the ghost of a chance to as we la Richardson was bowling with a strong wind behind him and at first his bowline, Rose i mt, ils though the will at were fell, but later it gave him no help whatever for the second time the batsmen took a ask for a single, and a line return by Dioice threw flagon out Donnan was most to blame, however, for Gregory was resting on his bit when he saw his partner coming down the wind at two for 22 Noble began like the others by back cutting Richardson who was getting all the punishment, for and then by remarkable error of judgment sacrificed his wish ct He lifted his bit over his head to let an as sinned oil bill of Richardson's pass by, and to even one s astonishment it hit his off stump The only excuse the batsman had to offer was that he had mistaken his block hole but the fact was that the ball curled in the au iv i til a strong wind and broke back a bit as well Rich Wilson li is often got bats men in 1 first and in the same way, but the most notable case of the kind on record is where Loi I wood bowled Gunn and threw a bar of Notts, with successive balls, neither attempting to pin their Palmer, on one occasion got Murdoch's w ill eton Una ground in the same way IIIA fire, siilhticiitlt jeopardised their chance of winning. the "New South YA alts batsmen ceased to give themselves aw by and drove a hard bargain for every other side of that was lost bed he soon showed that he possessed all his old style with greatly increased punishing power Plebeian walls a succession of 4's mostly behind the it per set which was not broken until he had Setright of them in succession on the score sheet Dunn in wits planing that safe game which Hannerniin once advised him to adopt in the words Look here sonny, runs me not in ride in the pi wilson but at the Tvickct Slav it the mel et and runs must come Ilajwiud (are Donnan 4 for an overthrow Iredale in bringing 50 up, got one of his four h father near short-stop the 10 inns having been made in 40 minutes showing the pace of the ground. Iredale made a brilliant cut within two yards of Bruce at cor ei, and beans of the fieldsman could move it was past the Domain in the cat her part of the innings frequently missed the old drive, which is his pet stroke, or linked it on to his hands, not, later he waited ii.itii'iith to the light ball, and brought all his loin drive time after time, with absolute certainty. At 55 Hirst should have had Iredale- wicket, for it is gener div admitted that he touched a ball, which stores did a little way things' over on taking it, only to be met tilted by a nut out decision from Thompson, a somewhat ineviieiicnee'd its- they lilliput' division, the old Sydney and one, who was looking at, smiled knowingly at the mistake, and is all they II find in ideal umpire, perhaps, some day last was bowling enticingly well, and when the list closing- on the attack was in side 1-' runs only had been hit at him, as against it off late last how he, lunn whom the gentlest touch was 1 line Refuse lunch Dtinnuu had set to work, and at the total til 81 tons had stoical 21 to increase' in TO R Hindson was again to nil after lunch, but then punished him family sail for edale begun to get on to li u sits bowling with line em to, both milling and (hitting him for him.-. With 100 up, made in IPI unlimited, bed he had scored 183, including 11 hours Dunn in was loudly cheered for one' line' drive over the line's head it mid-on and Iiuliilevi tactically rust, having put 117 on his share in the last half horn after lunch He pulled Richard son's to the an almost as" he pleased, and the 100 for the' premiership was completed v 'Hi both batsmen ministers of the situation. he sees it must over of the match was bowled by almost. His last ball Iredale cut find bail In a splendid effort Ranjitsinlui sued the 4 'The next five balls were all sent to the boundary, the first to long leg, the second through the slips, the third driven to the oil, and the other two title on hits, Iredale thus putting 20 on to his spine in a couple of minutes. It was a her for money to be remembered and was enthusiastic lift achieved Never has Iredale in his many fine batting fe its hit so day night as be did to day It was splendid to watch the lines over brought 150 up in 140 minutes and Hayward and Hearne on us a double bowling change The last rail runs had been made in 10 minutes at 117 li til he lost his side or as he had once already stated it through the umpires mis take lime as an apple li for Ibu, and the luiipniH hind feet half up, and then, a trained ashamed of retracting, though light. i nhill s that he was strong, lit! nodded his head Iredale underrated) played the ball on to his pads His innings of 60 made in 65 minutes, included nineteen 4's and he (humid everyone by the free dom of his batting Donnan just before this had been remarkably busy in killing and cutting Hearne who, finding grass on the end of at the start, thought that he might get some turn on the bill, but was disappointed It is somewhat strange that night after night at the practice nets Don lian and Iredale were declared to be the two greatest men in the New South Wales in in With Afacl onzie and Donnan together the j, une became very slow for Ililli an hour the big batsman having set himself to them in his master the bowling before hitting it His t letter although freely criticised it must proved entirely successful When he begin later on to jump out to the bottling and drive it the crowd were the roughly pleased with him, and talked about Vustnhui eleven form When 200 up played Donnan had scored 72 and Mack enzie 19 At one stage Stoddart moved from slips to cover where he found himself in a very hot corner with both men driving the balls at him like cannon shots "Michircn was doing splendid work in the outfield, and once every soul on the ground close to cheer him for a really brilliant piece of fielding The bowling had been so completely mastered by the time 225 ivan reached that Stoddart asked Storer to bon 1 and Ranjitsinhji to take wickets, an arrangement that much intere»t_4_Uioi»peo- . balls, like those of Trott, and with a good fniger-brenk. At first he bowled a good length, and the batsmen played him cautiously, Donnan patting one almost within I reach of Druce at extra slip. Mackenzie, with his hair flying in the breeze, and looking a very well to bowl down, began to run out to them, his batting now being crisp and incisive. He got his first is in an hour and 35 minutes. Stoddart tried slow bowling at both ends, Wainwright being put on, but it was too costly' to be continued, and Storer went behind again, and let Richardson have a try against the wind, but short of an action dent, the two looked like going on indefinitely. The accident duly 'Happened. At 284 Donnan played one past cover, and was called for a second run. He had not been very well, and admitted!.!' loaded on the mu, thinking Hayward too far out to be mischievous. The Surrey man is, however, a deadly thrower, and another of his fast re- ' turns knocked over Donnan's wicket. The retiring batsman's innings of 104 was a elm-, raetei'stic exhibition of his favourite wait-] Stig game, for though he got 17 fours and a j 0 he was four hours 33 minutes in getting his 100, and he never gave a chance. j Kelly, who was the next man in thought J it hardly worth while commencing business this afternoon, and theo two played out time, Mackenzie havintrshotvnvcrylnie form indeed in making his 8') runs, He played all round the wicket, and must be reckoned a possibility for the Australian Eleven, so that there will be no lack of batting strength in the team. He was in two hours and a half, and hit nine 4's. Seldom has an eleven made a better reco- very after a disheartening start, and in that respect it reminded many of the opening innings of Australia on this ground in the first match against Stoddart's last eleven. From the time the third wicket went down the Englishmen never looked like getting another, and their bowling record at the end of the day read as follows: Richardson, one for 98. Hirst, one for 55. Hayward, one for 48. Hearne, six for 54. Storer, nil for 27. WainYvright, nil for 19. Rain has fallen, and late to-night it looks like continuing, but the ground is so dry that it will take a good deal to affect it seriously. The following are the scores: NEW' SOUTH WALES. First innings. R. Tifinnnn, run out 104 V. Trumper, c Ranjitsinhji, b Hirst 0 S. Gregory, run out. 14 M. A. Noble, b Ieiclinrdf-on. 4 F. Iredale, lbw, b Hayward. 00 A. Mackenzie, not out. £0 J. J. Kelly, not out. 4 - Sundries. 2 Total, five for 100 THE QUEENSLAND ELEVEN. BRISBANE, Friday. The following players have been chosen to represent Queensland in the cricket Match against the English team on the 20th instant. V. Bradley, T.r.vrne,S.Dnnnhoo, S. P. Jones, T. Long, R. Macdonald, C. A. Richardson, C. T. Turner; emergency, E. J Metcalfe. These players will be assisted by Gregorvylrednlc, Mccubbin, and Pye, of New South Wales. PROPOSED MATCH AT CASTLEMAINE. , ? . CASTLEMAINE, Friday. Great disappointment is expressed here at the inability of the senior cricket club to arrange a two-days' match with Stoddart's English Eleven, owing to Major War did not being able to fix dates for a local match. 