Tte Story of a Secret. Monsieur Silvain, who was a barb el Or. occupied rooms Su tlie Rue Yiviemie, ou the second floor, and below him was his neighbor. Mine. Everard. the widow of a colonel. The lady's rooms were gen erally silent, hut one day M. Silvaiu, as lie mounted the stairs, heard the voice of a line soprano singing "La Norman- die." The gentleman mug at the door of flic stage. His curiosity was awak ened. Mine. Everard received liim. " I fancy that the unusual has not escaped your notice," said the lady. "The singer is the daughter of nit- oid friend of mine." Then there was an introduction;" and M. Silvaiu paid his respects ton beautiful young woman. Madame said: "She is a very adven turous and independent young ladv. M. .Silvaiu, When her father died, "three years ago, leaving her to face the world alone, she adopted music as her profes sion, and, not being appreciated in her native place, Rouen, came up to Paris "And she will he famous some day," remarked M. Silvaiu. "And maybe she. will find a surer road to happiness through marriage." "If you consider marriage equivalent to happiness, M. Silvain, pardon me for asking liow it is you are still a bache lor?" . . "Mademoiselle, I must plead that it is not my fault, but my misfortune. Con stantly occupied in my— ahem! — official dfitics, 1 have had no leisure to think of matrimony, but I hope " 'Your official duties?" the widow in terrupted quickly. "Then you have a post under the Government, M. Sil vaiu?" "1— li'in— have occupied my present position for a number of years, inada me. Do not let my presence prevent you from fluisliiug that charming song, mademoi selle." "I see that you admire my young friend," said madaine, when the' two were chatting aside. "She is adorable! Such a union of grace, beauty, and sweetness I have never seen." " You must be a very acute observer to discover her angelic qualities after being only live minutes in iier company. But .perhaps you have heard something of lior history— though I don't know who can. have told you." He shook - his head with -a' smile. "Renee is the daughter of Raymond Durillievs, of Rouen." "I have heard of him. madaine." "You Lave heard nothing to his credit, I fear," she remarked, shaking her head significantly. "He began life with every advantage, but after squandering bis fortune he retrieved it by a- rich marriage, though, of course, he soon ran through all bis wife's money. Af ter her father's dc-ath, Renee found among his papers a memorandum con cerning a certain M. Mathieu, an ex- dancing master, of Paris, whom the captain had— swindled. Duvilliers had managed to keep ou the safe side of the code. Well," she continued, "you may think how shocked his daughter was by the discovery. She never rest ed till, 1>y means of advertisements in Parisian papers, she had discovered her father's victim and made restitution. She at once refunded the greater part of the money, and undertook to. pay the rest in auuual instalments out of the pittance she had left herself, which she proposed to increase by teaching." M. Silvaiu coughed and changed his position abruptly. "And this person— Mathieu — liow could he accept the re paration, knowing that she had reduced herself to poverty in order to " "He did not know it. The monev was refunded through her lawyer, Mnitre Delaunay, of Roueu, in' her father's name. Delaunay was her agent in the matter— solely against his will, as it deprived his son of a fortune, for ltenee was engaged to be married to Maurice Delaunay, whom she had known from childhood, hut when she in sisted on beggaring herself, the notary. and his wife peremptorily broke off the match." Her companion shut his snuff-box with an indignant snap. "You must have a poor opinion of my sex, madaine, if you think that, beauty and gooducss such as hers " — "Eh, my good sir. you are sadly be hind the times! But. hush!" she broke in, "Renee is coming back." "It is strange," said Renee, slowly ; "your fac-e seems familiar to me. I caii't think of whom it reminds me." M. Silvain presently took his leave. When the little gentleman had bowed himself out, Mine. Everard turned to her companion and demanded abruptly, "Well, what do you thiuk of my neigh bor?" "I think he is charming, charming," she replied, with a droll imitation of his manner, "but he is a living anach ronism. He ought to have been a func tionary of the vieille cour, instead of a clerk under the Republic." "In fact, Renee, you have made a con quest. _ He can't be much over 50. It is the prime of. life. for a mail.. He Is rich, good-natured, and good mannered; occnpjingn, it appears, a responsible post, under the Government— let uie tell you, Renee, that such a match is not to be despised by a girl in your position." "Perhaps hot," she acquiesced, mildly; "lmt as I happen to he already engaged to Maurice Delaunay " "Did you not. tell "me that the en gagement had been broken off by his people three yea re ago?" "Yes— but not by himself. He would have married me in defiance of them - but 1r told him lhat 1 would uot be his wife. till— till I had fulfilled my task and cleared my father's name of tlie stain, of dishonor." "Ami do you think he will wait for you?" her friend questioned, with a cyuicnllv compassionate smile. She answered, sofily. "I aui sure of his fidelity. Work, wait and trust,' that is uiy motto." As she crossed the I'oui Neuf next day, Renee paused for a moment to drop a contribution into the leathern wallet of an old, wooden-legged soldier, fa miliarly known to Parisians by the Bouhriquet of Pore Joveux. Foi more years than any one cared to count he bad haunted the same sheltered corner near the cud of the bridge. Coins of .any sort were not very plen tiful with Renee. "My little lady, you have given me a .silver piece: did you kuow?" ."Yes-. 1 have no coppers. Is it not a good one?" she asked. "Quite good, and a new one, too! I shall keep it for luck," lie replied, and he broke into the tune of "Monsieur et Madame Deuis." Renee. found herself humming the re frain of the foolish old song as she went her way. IJcr heart thrilled with the longing to see Maurice again; to hear once, more the dear. familiar voice which to her was the sweetest music the .world could give. "Renee!" She paused with a start at the speak er. It was Maurice himself. "Renee, don't you kuow me ?" --be ' questioned. "Oil, Maurice, is it really you?" was-; all she could find to say. "I had uo idea you were in Paris." "Nor has anyone else." ho replied, "And how has tlie world been using you, sweetheart, since we parted a year ago?" he went on, "Fairly well, though, to tell the truth, I find the road to success steeper than I expected." "Why will you not give me the right to help you, Renee?" "I have put my hand to the plough, and I must not look back," she rejoined, with a serious smile. "Is it no hardship that you should be wearing out your youth in toil and pov erty to atone for you father's. fault?" Then tlie sound of a church clock striking the hour, made Renec.start. "Twelve o'clock! Y'ou have beguiled me into forgetting ;all my pupils," she exclaimed. "I must go now." - "I intend to spend Now Year's Day. with you," said Maurice. "Till then, good- bye, sweet love. I leave my heart in. your keeping." "As mine is in yours," she whispered as they parted. II. It was the last day of the old year. For tlie first time on record M. Silvain so far departed from his usual habits as not to leave home till afternoon. " Aud lie was dressed like a prince, madaine! A brand new overcoat, with a fur collar, and a hat you could see your self iu.I was to give liis compliments, aud sajrtliat he would have the houor of waiting upon you at four o'clock, when he hoped to find Mile. Renee also at home," said Martlie, Mme. Edward's maid. Meanwhile, her fellow-lodger, wak ing with his most juvenile step, crossed the river, along the boulevard, to the Piilals" Royal, where he entered a flor ist's shop, and purchased, at a fancy price, a superb bouquet of hot-house roses. After a stroll through tlie brilliantly- lighted arcades of the Palais, he turned toward home, which he reached shortly before four o'clock. "The ladies are in the salon," Martlie told liim; "there is a visitor with them, a friend of mademoiselle, who has just arrived." "Very good," he answered, absently. The. old bachelor's cheeks were flush ed, and his heart beat fast as he ap proached the door of the sitting-room. It was partly open, and as he paused, furtively adjustiug his collar and cra vat, be beard a sound of laughter with in — Renee's musical voice miugling with the deper toues of a man. On the hearth, opposite to him, stood Renee, flushed and radiant, look ing up into the handsome bronzed face of a tall, dark-eyed young fellow of three or four aud twenty, who had im prisoned both her hands in his own, while his other arm, from which she was laughingly endeavoring to disen gage herself, encircled her waist. "Let me go, sir; don't you see that Mme. Everard looks quite scandalised ?"' she exclaimed, glancing at Mme. Everard, whose face expressed the most unqualified disapproval. "It is at you, then, not at me!" he declared. "Madame is naturally aston ished that you should object to be re spectfully saluted by your fiance— so!" and suiting tlie action to the word, he bent aud kissed lier. M. Silvain started as if he had been struck, and hastily drawing back, be fore any one bad perceived his pres ence, turned from the door. "Make my compliments to the ladies, and say that as they hare a visitor I will not intrude this evening," he said, and walked away. Safely locked in his own rooms, he stood for a moment looking vaguely round, like one waking from a dream, then, becoming conscious of ike roses in his hand, he flung them from him with a passionate ejaculation, and sitting down at the table, let his head fail on his folded arms and cried like a child. Then there c-aine a gentle knock at hiis door, and he opened It, "I am come to scold you. M. Silvnin," j said Renee, with her sweet smile, i "Martke telis us that you refused to c-oihe in because we had a "visitor." Surely you did not think you would he . intruding V M. Delaunay wishes to lie introduced toyou. I ought to tell yon." she added, sliyly, "lhat we— that we are engaged, though our engagement has not the sanction of his family, aud— you are not. ill. M. Silvaiu?" He shook his head, suiiliug con strainedly. "No, not ill, only a little low-spirited." "1 am very sorry," she. said, gently. "We have ail our troubles— you have i yours also, my child, have you not? But you are young, aud in youth, 'though sorrow may endure for a night, joy cometh with tlie morning.' " "My 'morning' seems still far off." she answered, with a smile and a sigh. "Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend. Good night." "Until to-morrow, " she cried. He watched her out of sight, then stood for a moment, on the lauding, looking down, deep in thought. When he -raised his face it had recovered its usual serenity, and wore a look of resolution which gave it a uew dignity. "Yes," he muttered. "I will do it ; she shall lie happy. And as for me —well, I shall he no worse off than I was for merly. Allans!" Daylight was waning when at last Renee and Maurice turned their faces homeward. Half way across the Pont "NeqC, Renee paused with a regretful e&cKubatiou.; . "I tjuite. forgot Pere Joyeux!" . "Whorls he?" her companion do- ''fli.plq»pfpsioncr of mine; a crippled fiddler who always plays on the bridge. Tliere jie'is, ou the other side. Let us croS® ;.0tfei'y' "N6wi"iuiud now. Renee; it is getting dark, and beginning 1o snow again. Give him something to-morrow." "But this is New Year's Day, and it seems unkind to neglect him when I am so happy. Look, he lias seen me— he is looking so wistfully! Stay .here, I shall not be a moment." The road was slippery with fresli- 'fallen snow, and when half way across iliesgiri's foot slipped. She made it vain effort to roc-fiver herself, aud fell just in the track of the heavy vehicle, which caiiie thuudering along, drawn by two powerful horses. The driver, ou his high perch, did liot- perceive what had happened till the bystandera "uttered a warning shout, which was echoed by a cry of alarm from Maurice, as lie hur ried to her assistance. Pere Joyeux. who had been watching her movements, flung his violin aside, and before Maurice could reach the spot, he had snatched her literally from under the horses' hoofs. "What an escape!" Maurice gasped. "Are you hurt, Reuee?" "No, no: but where is Pere Joyeux, who has saved my life?" she asked, anxiously looking around. Then Renee saw the figure of her old friend stretched insensible upon tlie asphalt. The next moment a. policeman ap proached, and after a few brief in quiries. which Maurice answered, per emptorily dispersed the lookers cm and hailed a passing carriage, giviug the order : "To the Hotel Dieu." "Is he seriously hurt ?" asked Renee, when she went to the hospital. "He is dying," was the grave reply;' "You are surprised at the change in his appearance?" the surgeon remarked in an 'undertone; "he had been wearing a false beard, and- without it he looks quite a different mau. It is possible that he — " "Is she there?" the patient asked faintly. "I am M. Silvain to you," he said wheu they were alone; "but your father knew me as Silvain Mathieu." "What! It was you whom my father wronged?" she faltered. "Dear child, you have repaired the wrong and loft iuo your debtor," he gently replied. "You kuow what was formerly my profession? I was a danc-ing master; I met with an acci dent and became a cripple. I had little money. I lost it in a speculation. I had the natural instincts of the vaga bond. I became the street musician. I am the Pere Joyeux. Do not look dis tressed. It was a life just suited to me. T could be a gentleman at times— ns M. Silvain. I had not as many friends as Silvain as I had as le Pere joyeux. I loved you as a daughter when you first put money in my hand. But there is more than that." Renee kissed the hurt man. He continued : "Tlie false beard and the wooden leg made all the difference to some— but not to you. Yes, kiss me again," and with the ghost of his for mer gallant manner he raised Renee's hand to his lips. Renee was sobbing. "Hush," he interrupted gently; "what better fortune can I have tliau to save your life aud secure your hap piness? Renee, you will fiud a parcel iu my desk, directed to yourself. I re store your gift, dear— as I meant to have done— if I had lived. There is no obstacle now between you— and— your lover. God bless you both. How dark it grows— and cold! Do not be sorry for »ne, dear— I am quite content," he continued, with a tranquil smile. "Quite content," he repeated; and with the smile on his lips he died. On the" afternoon of their wedding day; before starting on their journey in to Normandy, Renee and Maurice cross ed the Pont Neuf once more, to pay a last visit to Pere Joyeux's old haunt. "I am glad no one lias taken his place," ltenee said softly, after a mo- 1 | moot; "it would secni aimosr. like dc-re- ciatirtu. I 'fancy I can still hear the souiid of his violin!" Maurice looked down at her tenderly " "Yes," she concluded wills a bappv Kinile " Sorrow ondm-cil l7w n ni.riit joy has conic with the morniug!''— "New York Times." - 