A Challenge. SURRENDER OF SEDAN. WtNir.n draws its curtain draped in icolets clear All around one common circle ; Spain is but a onnra. Sho is without a sceptre, a queen without a crown ; Anna's lied for safety. Uer mourners are yet to como. Treason surrounds a throna on winter's discontent,. France demands a reason by Prussia on consent. No Bonaparte, no exile from St. Helena reign Bones aro but a shadow-robed in mortal frame.. Then if shadows reign whore'er tho sun On Alps pined by snow,. Bitter is tho German's end If France strikos a blow.. No sword in the scabbard'shall'daro'a fooman's blade: Blood shall cry. for vengeancehen von. decides the fato. .Then your arms are but-blunted against your day of wrath; Holl paves death's horror j thy doom, is sinking fast. Avauntl thou false prophet, thy words are but a blast. Foreign be thy. acclamation *, thy star is drifting past. Lay on thy wholo armour against the swelling tide;. Strength shall be more than conqueror if Franco falls asido. Tho otlur.half of Europe spans-a warlike lino:, England's claim is neutral, Russia spies the lihyne. Only for one reason sho dare not tako one step;. Balaclava was sufficient-the charge of. tho Light Brigade. .Then Sir Cdlin Campbell rushed'his Highland force 'Into the olaims of-battlo, before a mighty host; 'Swords gleamed on high, weeping in blood o'er tho slain ; Stark stiff lay their foemen. Death.had altered tho scene. » A vision surrounds her, I'hear- tho bagpipes play; Sir Colin with his army turns the Russian-sway. Yet a ghost still haunts her on that most saddosfr. time, .When Sebastopol was conquered by earth's most, noble shrine. War-ia a horror-battles with the year.-. On comes an army, invaders avo getting near; France in a flutter wings up on high, EngleS'flock tocether, soaring to the sky. She vaunts her grey feathers, to dart upon her. prey;. Germans protect their colors for- the battle of the? day. Tho battle to the strong is nearing-far and'wide, Soldiers aro retreating in ambush,aide by side; Tho air, condensed in vapor, obacures an enemy's.* pride; A wall of steel is glittering to pierce the German's side. Another-scene within the drama-; Invasion crowds the streets. A mask is drawn b,y a hand. Lights are -on the deep. : The sun on the east arises on plains ?.whore life ? has ceased to be. . An angel, comes; it's played its part its captives to seii free. , Victims lie beneath tho grass, the grave is but their goal; For France they-fought and died ; at-last tho taste of war-the/fell. Ah 1 Ihe marble oity splendour, and its-fame 1 Alas, it weeps in tears of sorrow, its-- maidons but weep in vain, No eye to pity, not a.help to shield thebrave ; An.ocean across the Dover, a sea. that miea the waves. Union wrapped with hoiiow of deeds: most violent (lone ; But wliero-comes' tho graiiturte for acts that France , - has done ? Napoleon leivis on his army, before a- mighty swr.y Germans more than many Sedans fall a prey. Hearts droop as willows, colors fall dismayed ; A bugle-calli" surrender," fo»F.ranco. tho lUaroh: is> played. A trembling-shadow from the dust;. To dust it shall return Its spirit moves against its will, Its final end has come. - The sword is sheathed-, the scabbard7 strung; a vil lain's plan is marred ; No.death I let him- live -he's a eoward:to the heart; A block would be most disgraced ; his;blood would bo no plea. Let him die a broken, heart,, a Napoleonj a Gain to be. ALEX:. GUNN. BowraL 