COM MANDANT BOOTH. ENTHUSIASBTIO WELCOMIE TO NEW CASTLE. BIG GATHERINGS AT THE MASbONIO HALL. ComnMaAOWi T BooT? (son of General Booth), who has been appointed as the leader of the Salvation Army in Australasia and Polynesis, arrived in Newcastle from Sydnoy on Satur day night, accompanied by Colonel Kilboy, the chief seoretary of the Army for Australia; Colonel Estill, the chief of the Army in New South Wales; and Adjutant M'Millan, the private secretary to the Commandant. They were met at the station by Staff Captain CuOntler and Adjutant Drummond. MajorsVince, Veal, and Clover, Staff- Captain Taylor and Mrs. Ensign Grinling (the wife of the editor of the War Cry) had previously arrived by the afternoon train. The Com mandant is now the guest of Mr. W. Scott in Tyrrel-street. Yesterday afternoon and evening two grand meetings were held at the Masonic Hall, and occasion was taken to give the Commandant a hearty welcome to this city. Notwithstanding the oppressive nature of the weather during the afternoon the hall was crowded to the doors, whilst the stage must have held close on 60 others, including the Commandant, the staff offieers (al ready named), and the united strength of the Army brass band of this district. All, of course, were clad in the brightest of red guernseys, and their faces were at once expectant of much joy from the meeting. In this they were not disappointed. If the en thusiasm fell short of what had been expe rienced in Sydney and Melbourne, it was at all events something unique for Newcastle. When the Commandant stepped on to the platform punctually at 3 o'olocir the audience rose en msasse at the instance of Adjutant Downward, the local captain, and welcomed their leader by what is known as a volley. Handkerohiefs were waved, hands were thrown up, and trumpets were blown vociforously in one long blast, such indeed as quite deadened the rattle of the tambourlnes. It was a grand and demon strative welcome, and the Commandant sub. sequently stated that it made him feel quite at home in Newcastle. The whole audience, still on their feet, then sang the rallying chorns:-" If we pull together well we shall conquer death and hell; so in faith we'll push the chariot along." This jnfused much life into the proceedingsi?liite early. 8till, the enthusiasm was not keen enough for Colonel Kilboy, who, stepping to the footlights, cried out, "Now let us put the Devil in chains." This was done by the singing of another verse to the accompani ment of the band. Then there was prayer, during which Staff-eaptain Taylor invoked inspiration for the Commandant. This over, the hymn "Thou art a Mighty Saviour" was sung, and then Major Vince added a few words of prayer for the chief, and asked God's blessing upon the meeting, an invoca tion which called forth loud " amens" and "hallelujahs." Major Veal was the only solo singer, and he sang the hymn " Climbing up the golden stairs to glory" with quite as much volume and power as had eharaoterised the singing of Major Malan during the visit of the General, close on two years ago. Before the choruses of this had been completed Colonel Estill came forward and received heartly ap-i plause, but it coolled down a bit when he made the announcement that the collection was about to be taken up. The plates were therefore distributed while the enthusiasm weas at its height; but the amount received was less than £6-from au attendance of quite 600 people. The Commandant accom panied Major Veal in the final verses with a concertina. After another volley, Colonels Kcssn and Esronr formally welcomed the Commandant to Newcastle. The latter stated, amidst "hallelujahs," that it was a distinct compliment to this city for the Commandant to have visited it thus early; and he promised, on behalf of the soldiery, that all would do his bidding as the Commandant of the Army on this side of the globe. A blast from the trumpets, and a shout of "amen," denoted concurrence in what had been said. "Now," said Colonel Kilboy, "'I want you all to rise and ory out 'Welcome."' The audience wasupstanding in an instant, but the response was not a good one. In fact the Colonel thought they must have been consumptive. "At all events," said he, "lst us try again." This time it was loud enough, and so the Commandant was permitted to make his speech, which consisted of a plain statement of religion and what life ought to be. The Commandant's rising to respond was the signal for much applause and shouts of joy. His voice, like his father's, is not powerful, but is convincing, and it boars some resemblance to the General's, especi ally where he says the "heart" should be given up to Qod. The Commandant, after thanking the isople for theirenthneusiarstio welcome which he said made him feel at home from the very outset, said he had rea son to believe that Newcastle was warm in its affection for his father ("Amen"). If the people only welcomed him as a "chip of the old block," he hoped that he would be a worthy chip, for it would take a good leader to follow in the footsteps of Commissioners Coombes und Howard. As a new-comer he knew they expected to knowhis creed. Well, he believed in the Father, the Son. and the Holy Ghost, and the devil. "Yes," he said, "I believe in the devil. I have seen much of his work in my lifetime." Any man would believe in God the Father, because it was clear to all that there was a Divine Being to create the Heavens and this universal frame. It was his belief in God the Son that gave him strength to go with his work. In his belief in God the Holy Ghost he parted company with a great many, for it was not everybody that would give their whole hearts to God. "It was more blessed to believe than to see," and thus he believed in the Holy Ghost. The Commean. dent wishes to be aolimatised as quickly as possible, for this he says is "a grand oonu try." "I would like," he exolaimed, "that the Mayor of Newcastle should come forward now and put his senored hands upon me, and make me a colo nial right away." (Laughter.) . There was a lot of work forl the Army to do in the colonies; and from all the commandant could' hear the devil was not unknown in Newcoastle. "Now will we drive him out of this city ? ('Hallelujah.') Well, to do that will necessitate the doing of three things. ('Praise the Lord.') In the first place the dalvation Army ought to have a· proper building of its own. Now, I will undertake to build suoh a building-say amen. (' Amen.'). Now, to those who cried 'amen' ? ay. that I will build it when they., get me the money." (Laughter.) In the econd place, Newcastle required a poor man's shelter such as is provided on a large scale in London, where 6000 people are housed nightly. Bleep was a necessity to every man. The Army should come into the front streets. Why should Jesus Christ not go anywhereP To get sleep men often had " to go to the devil" because they could not get it for a pennyor twopenoce. If the Army had shelter sheds it would break down the devil's monopoly of the sleeping trade. A man without twopence wanting a night's shelter could first earn his sleep in the Army's wood yard. Best and religion was better than filth and the devil. "Well, now," added the Commandant, " shall we have these shelter sheds ?" "Amens" every where. "I shall expect," remarked the Commandant, "that all who said 'omen' will contribute 6s each." Thirdly, New. castle wanted a resuono home for fallen women \--omo place where the unfortunate women oould be given immediate shelter, and, if not too late, saved from utter ruin. In London, the Commandeut remarked that the Army had carried this rescue work so far that they now employed private detectives. In eases where girls were believed to have boon lured into bad places, in their endeavour to get honest occupations, the detectives were sent to inquire; and, rather than submit to ex posure, men who had led girls astray when found out would contributo to the support of their offspring, and do justice to those they had wronged. "Shun the Dovil" was the Commandant's advice to the people of Now castle. "I know he went into pigs once, but the pigs went away and drowned them selves." The afternoon eo:vice terminated by the singing of the "Old Hundredth " At the evening service the hall was crowded again. The Commandant and the. whole of the offlcer were present, and the proceedings passed off most ensuooessfully. 