ADELAIDE NOTES. By NOBWOOD. Wi- xxruii; i i .»«. vruiunsion. manes no secret of bis aisamiointment at the financial result of the S.A.J.C. Spring Meeting. This was not due to axiy great falling off in ihe at tendance. There was a falling off in this respect, but the shortage was in the tota lisator figures, which totalled about £4,000 less than last year. The two disastrous seasons South Australia has just passed through are evidently affecting those who go racing to a considerable extent. However, the club did not make a loas, and it is m a position to stand a decrease in the pro t *?£ aj ^ear or so* The racing on both days was very interesting. Goodwill s Derby created more interest than perhaps any Derby that lias been contested at Morphettville. Let us h°pe that in the near future we may have a similar amount of excitement over our Derby, brought about by the meeting or two or more known good horses, and tot by some speculation on the chance of a good but cnppled colt, as was the case cn Wednesday. I cannot remember having seen -a horse go out for a raa^K.^rne as Fleet Admiral was. And yrf, he started at 5 to i on! If the colt h&L-.peen; forked- in the dark with the idea pf getting a.jlrice about hirh, the scheme enqettjn failure. In the sorry plight he was it«hou]d have been 10 to 1 against him. Th&t; Fleet Admiral is a-race horse there can be little doubt lletackled P,s Jj?o "ke a bulldog, and it was not until the field began to make the home turn that the layers knew that they had won their money. It was then that his condition failed, and m a few strides he was rolling like a ship in distress. Fleet Admiral pulled up very lame, and his chance in any of the big spring events is not worth discussing. The gruelling he got in this race, when lame and out of condition, can do him no good, and it seemed a thousand pities to start such a good, game colt in the condition Fleet Admiral was. The winner. Goodwill, is a nice-qualitied horse, by Richmond out of Gratitude, who won this same race in 1884, beating two good ones in Sandal and Helene. Goodwill did not win easily by any means, and C. Quinn, who trains both Goodwill and Thunder King for Mr. W. A. Blackler, is of opinion that the latter would have won if a sounder pace had been 6et from the start, and his view is borne out by the form in the Spring Handicap on the second day. Messrs. _ Clark and Robinson appear to own a nailing good coll in Hainault. In the Morphettville Plate he carried his 101b. penalty, and had everything well beaten in the first two furlongs. There was a scrim mage at the turn, and Dirk Hammerhand and Eulalie were both sufferers, but it made no difference to the result. Hainault is a slashing big colt, and a fine bold galloper | when in full stride. He may be expected i to put in an appearance at Flemington di rectly, to take part in the Maribyrnong Plate and other events, and he should be equal to holding his own with the best of them. Quinn promises to be exceptionally dangerous with two-year-olds this season, j In addition to Hainault he has four Ful | ham-bred ones in his stable, and one of . I them, Once More, won the Nursery on I j Saturday. The other three are backward at I 1 present, but Furore and Gratuity are nice-1 j looking youngsters. Taken all round, this : season's batch of two-year-olds is much j ! better than for 6ome years past as regards ! looks. I j Mr. Crozier'E long run of bad luck on the j i turf took a turn on the lirst day, when his ! fine-looking Carlyon horse Bloodstone won I the Glenelg Handicap handsomely. It was j Bloodstone s first appearance in public, and he had not been in work long. He is a I horse of beautiful quality, and a rare mover, and will, improve very'much on his form at this meeting if his uglv hock does not trouble him. Foliage, Hear Hear, and Bloodstone met in the Spring Handicap on Saturday, and, although Hear Hear started a strong favourite, opinions before the race were very much divided as to the probable result. Hear Hear looked really well, but in the actual race he was one of the first beaten. Foliage was ridden behind his field as usual, and when they came into the straight he and Bloodstone looked lika finishing by themselves. Thev did no such tiling, however, as dirccily Foliage drew up alongside Bloodstone at the distance _Mr. Cromer's horse collapsed in a few strides, and Foliage fairly lobbed home under his 9st. 121b. Tlie stvle in which Foliage won sets at rest all doubt about his being a race I horse, and he must he hard to beat in the Caulfield Cup with 8st. 31b. on his back. Foliage pulled up splendidly after his race, and the backer who took 1,000 to 50 about him last week for Caulfield now has a good bet. I don't quite know what to make of Hear Hear. He shut up without an effort. It is just possible that he is one of that sort that will only race in front. All his races have been won from end to etid._ Another Caulfield Cup candidate in Tapioca was la starter in foliage's race. lie led to the three-furlong post, where sometliing must have happened to him, as he dropped from first to last in no time. By carrying 8st. 51b. in the Sturt Handi cap (six furlongs), and 9st. 121b. in *he Plympton Handicap (seven furlongs), and winning cleverly each time, Fund put up two smart performances. This horse is wonderfully well just now; and has proved himself deeddely useful since the Messrs. Miller cast him adrift. . . The extraordinary race Staff a ran in the Plympton Handicap caused a deal of com ment, and it was not flattering to those connected with the horse. As Boon as the field left the barrier Staffa was seen to drop back last, and gradually tail off, until he waH, without exaggeration, twenty lengths behind his field at the five-furlong post. Then he began to make up his lost ground. And bow did he make it up? By the time the distance was reached he was running second to his stable companion, Quickshot. Fund then shot out, and Staffa lost by about a length and a half. We have seen Staffa run some brilliant races, but his per formance hero with 9st. 121b. on his back quite eclipsed any of his previous efforts. The hurdle. horses hero are so mode rate that their doings are of little interest to your readers, but there waa a line finish in the Second Hurdle Race, when the two 10 to 1 chances, Alburv Queen and Gene ral Gordon, dead- heated. The Steeplechase was a chanter of accidents, only four of the ten starters finishing. .The Irojan and Al bany outpaced everything in the last nule and a half, and coming to the last fence the former was about three lengths m front. He stood, off to . far, however, crashed into it, and broke his shoulder. Al bany then finished alone, and the career of another first- claae steeplechaser was brought to a close with the ehootiiig of TheTrojan. From what I have heard about The Tro jan's pace on the fiat, I am sure he ww quite a first-rater, ana it was the worst of bad lock to lose him just at a hme-vrhen good 'chasers are so scarce. The Trojan won each time be stood up- Albany ib a brilliant fcncer, with more than an average amount of pace, and I shall not be surprised if he sees a good day. He is a trifle wild at present. Abbotsford and Confidence were second and third, but neither ever had the ghost of a chance of beating Albany and The Trojan with a stand up. 