MR. JOHN'S LOVE STORY. The wedding had passed off exceedingly well, and everybody wa3 satisfied, especi ally with the fact of its being over. It had taken place at the old- fashioned early hour, so that the bride and bridegroom and all the gnests might be gone before evening, and Mrs Wallace, the bride's grandmother, might have time to settle down again before bed time. She was a rery vigorous and plucky old lady, but she admitted that at four-score years it is well to keep to regular hours. It was evening now. Mrs Wallace had retired to her dressing-room, and 'the whole house had resumed its wonted' aspect. At the drawing-room window stood Christy Wallace, looking out at the lingering sunset, and meditating ou the fact that no one was so thankful that the wedding was over as herself, and that for all her thankfulness life promised to be a little uninteresting just for the present. Blanche had been there so long, that though the cousins had by no means been all-in-all to one another, they had made part of each other's existence ; and as for Harold, he had been at The House all his life long, and had run in and out of Mrs Wallace's house as if it had been his own. There had been a time, before and after Blanche arrived upon the scene, when Harold had come in and out as Christy's acknowledged, if not accepted, lover. Then Blanche's livelier ways attracted him, and nobody bad much account of Christy's prior claim. Mrs Wallace even had said little, and though she had de vised a multiplicity of errands and occu pations for her elder grandchild, she had refrained from petting, or any words of compassion-a form of consideration for which Christy very heartily thauked her. Christy was thinking of all this as she leaned against the window, and could not be sorry that the strain of the lover's presence was removed. Blanche had be haved very well all through—been very affectionate and cousinly, but there was' the faintest suspicion of kindly condescen- : sion in her treatment of the girl whom she j had supplanted. As for Harold, his bluff good-fellowship had been a daily trial. They were gone, but the removal of her cross made Christy feel as if life would consist of nothing to do for some time to come. She, looked up the hill to where the chimneys of The House showed between the trees, and wondered if Mr John was experiencing anything like her own feel ings now that Harold was gone, and he had the place to himself. She wondered, too, if now they would allow him the use of his surname, or if he was to be Mr John to the end of the chapter. He had gained the name during his uncle's life, and after Mr Turton's death, Harold, Mr John's half-brother, had car ried so much the more imposing presence that the squire still remained in the back ground as Mr John. He was quiet and studious, and if he had any love for society he repressed it, partly from his disinclination to be outshone by his younger brother, partly from his desire to amend, if possible, the fallen fortunes of his little estate. It was kuown that his uncle had been ambitious that he should marry money, but Mr John ap peared to prefer to save his money by strict economy. If he had ever paid court to anybody, he and that person were the only ones that knew it. Harold also would have been pleased to see him marry money, though he was generous to him, and though Harold had a sufficient fortune of his own. Harold had been much the bigger man at The House, and Christy half smiled at the thought of Mr John being rorced by circumstances to take Ills own place. The sun was going down now, the i garden lay in a shadow, though the bright rays still shone on Mr John's chimneys, and on the- roses that clustered over Christy's window.Suddenly there was a step on the turf, and someone came lei surely around the corner of the house. " May I come in, Miss Wallace ? It is lonely up at The House." It was Mr John himself, and she has tened to admit him. " I was thinking of you," she said, "and wondering if we were to take to calling you by your right ful name now that there is only one of you." " There has been only one of me all my life long. I think, and that one has been Mr John. It would be difficult to turn it into anything else, Miss Wallace." "Not more difficult, I should think, than you found it to change me from Christy to Miss Wallace," she said, with a little smile. " That happened, and had to happen, when you grew up," he replied, with a faint flush rising to his face. '' When are you going to grow up, then, Mr John ? 1 was rather slow at it If it only happened five years ago, but you are even more dilatory," said Christy, talking for the sake of talking. " What do people do when they grow up? Get married, like Harold and Blanche ? Well, I admit that we have let our juniors get the start of us iii that. I hope they will have a happy life," he ended dreamily. "They expect it, and they are light hearted people. Blanche is not often out of spirits." Then the two lapsed into silence, and sat gazing out over the landscape. They were both thinking of Blanche and Harold, and of themselves as well. The sun set, and the summer twilight had it all its own way in garden and wood and .meadow, and here, in Christy's drawing room, too, where the edeut figures sat by the window and meditated. Christy stirred herself with a bit of a laugh, as a thrush in the acacias broke into sudden cry. " I am keeping you here all in the dark," she said, and would have risen to ring for lights. "Not yet," besought Mr John. "I came up here with a distinct purpose to night, and I do not know how to set about it. I am a shy, awkward man. Will you forgive me if I make a blunder!" " Surely," answered Christy in be wilderment. " I want to show you a letter you once i wrote me," and lie selected a note from his pocket-book and handed it to her. " Do you remember it ?" Christy opened it and read it by the j waning daylight. He watched her as she j leaned to the window, thinking what a: | dainty, delicate hand she had : | Dear Mr John,—I am sorry you asked 1 me, because it is impossible. Grand mamma could not spare me. Harold will j explain it to you. Yours faithfully, Christine Wallace. She handed it back to him. " I remember it very well, but it is a long time ago. I thought it must have offended you somehow, for it was then that I suddenly grew up." " It is possible for a man to be hurt without being offended. The note hurt me, but something was said yesterday which made me think there had been a mistake. Will you tell me what it was that I asked, and you found impossible ?" Cliristy began to feel nervous ; there was something almost portentous in the extreme quiet of his speech. His face looked pale through the gathering gloom. "It was a message that Harold brought from you. You asked me to ride with you to Bolton's Cove the next day, and I could not go, partly because granny did not think it proper for me to ride with you alone, and partly because the ser vants were going to a confirmation, and Jones had to take my horse to drive them. Harold said he could explain all that in words better than 1 could in writing. I was vexed, because 1 wanted to go to Bolton's Cove. You see, I re member it all very well." "Excellently well," he answered, with a curious intonation. '' Perhaps you will be surprised to hear that I never did ask yon to go to Bolton's Cove, and that 1 sent you no message on that day." " I don't understand." " No," he answered, his hands moving restlessly, in curious contrast to Christy's, which lay immovable in her lap. " It seems that I had two friends just then more anxious for my permanent welfare than my present happiness. I was writing ■ a letter, of some importance to myself, when my uncle called me away. I left my desk unlocked, not supposing that anyone would be likely to search into my private affairs, but it proved that I was i too trustful. H arold examined my letter, and reported upon it to my uncle, and, as the result, my letter was suppressed, and j a message devised for Harold to carry in | its place. 1 have a copy of that letter. Let me light a candle ; I should like you to read it." Christy sat white and silent in her shimmering wedding-dress, ghost-like in the faint light from the window ; scarcely less bo in the little yellow gleam of the candle. Not a pose or a motion of hers escaped Mr John that night. She was rather frightened now, when he set the candle down on the shelf be side her, and handed her this second letter. The paper trembled in her hand, and she bent her head nervously over it. As she read she trembled more and more, for this was a plain and simple proposal of marriage from a man to whom she had never dared to lift her eyes from that point of view, and the very simplicity of it wa3 so like the writer that it was like having his very words breathed into her ears. It was written five years ago, and he was standing over her now as she read it. .To him the time seemed endless as she sat with bent head considering those brief words. But it was more than the words that detained her —it wsb the shock of the whole thing, and the difficulty of realising its meaning. She moved at last, and he took back the letter. " The explanation that Harold gave me was you preferred liim to me," he said, with the same forced quietude of his former speeches. ' * If I seut the letter to you now, what answer would you give me ?" "Mr John !" spoke Christy in startl tones. " If you said ' John,' it would be alii answer I would ask for," he answered. Christy half rose. She thought s would feel safer on her feet, and at tl moment the door opened. "The mistress wants you in,lier ro( at once, Miss Christy, and. shall I bring the lamp f' Christy went up swiftly to her gran mother—a little shocked at having f< gotten her for so long, and a good di relieved at liaviDg gained time befc giving lier answer. Mrs Wallace was sitting in her chair the window, from which she might ha seen Sir John's approach to the house. " So John Turton's here," she said, her sharp, quick way. " What's he coi for, Christy !■" Christy's wits were hardly sufficient collected for lier to give an immediate intelligible answer. " Never mind," said the old lady, no ding cheerfully, " wo all know that ] has not come to see if his brother is lc behind in mistake. Now, look her Christy, John Turton is here to propo to you, and you are a fool if you say ' nc He's no fool, and he's worth a dozen his brother. Harold was good enough f Blanche, but he was not good enough f you, and. I was not vexed when he thre you over for lier. You take John ; hi the man for you and the old la; nodded more and more vigorously in aj probation. " But, granny " began Christy, a; pealingly. " Tut, tut ! Never miud grann; There, you don't want to be vexing you self with the notion that I can't do witl out you—I can manage, I can manag; You do as I bid you. Go down and dr. a pretty curtsey and say, ' If you pleas Mr John.' That's the thing, and the: is no Harold to come between you th time. Soma old women aren't so blind they look, inv dear. Come here, Christy 1 seeing how her grandchild stood irres I lute, with face working and eyes sus; ciously misty. " Bend down and ki your granny. You have been a go< i child to me, and a comfort ever since j had you, and I want to see you happi settled. John's the man for you. ( down to him, and to-morrow you can sei him up to me ; I don't want to see hi to-night." [ But Cliristy lingered, kueeling by li i grandmother, really crying softly, ov< j come by the tenderness front such an u ! expected source, coming on the top of i many disquieting things, i Mrs Wallace did not allow her to c ! long. I " That's enough, Cliristy !" she sa briskly. " Cheer up and get about yo business. You are keeping the m waiting." So Christy had to go down. Mr Joli listening with the ears of an anxio lover, heard every footfall on the stair heard uncertain steps come across t , liall, uncertain fingers laid on the do. !handle. His heart beat as irregularly lier feet moved. His eyes sought hers as she entered eagerly, anxiously. " What has hi | Wallace said to you 2" " She said that John Turton had coi .to propose to me, and I waB a foo said • no.' Oh, John 1" she said voice that was smothered in his embrace, " if I was not good enough for Harold—" . " Let Harold be ; he has done us harm enough already, Christy," he said, with his voice tremulous wfth a multitude of feelings. " I am promoted to be John, and I feel that I am growing up !" "John,' she repeated, still much smothered, "I—I suppose they will naturally say Sir and Mrs Turton, won't they ? We shall both be grown up then." Sir John Waters, says the author of "English Eccentrics," was the most ad mirable spy ever attached to an army. In the Peninsular War he gave Lord Wel lington the most accurate and valuable information about the Spaniards and their movements. On one occasion he was taken prisoner by a company of Spanish dragoons while still clad in the English uniform. He was supposed to be a stupid Britisher who could not understand a word of Erench or Spanish, and his cap tors conversed freely before him. He learned from his guards, while riding be tween them, that they were going to kill | and rob him at an old mill where the company was to stop for dinner. They would pretend that they shot him because ; of his attempt to escape. On reaching the ! mill the dragoons dismounted and went into the house, leaving their prisoner outside, in the hope that he would at tempt to escape. The instant they were out of sight Waters threw his cloak upon a neighboring olive-bush, and mounted his cocked hat on top. Some empty flour sacks lay on the ground, and into one of them he crawled. A moment later the dragoons came out, fired their carbines at the supposed prisoner, and galloped off, intending to return later to rifle the body. A horse, loaded with sacks of flour, stood near the door, and Sir Johu, still en veloped in the sack, managed to throw ! himself on the horse's back, as if he were i part of the load. The owner at length came out, mounted, and rode away, with- I out detecting the peculiar contents of one of the sacks. When far enough away for safety, Waters, finding his position most uncomfortable, managed to free himself from the sack and sat up. The horseman, chancing to look around, beheld the man covered in flour, and took him to be a ghost perched behind him. Terrified at the sight, he fell over in a swoon, and the supposed ghost thrust him to the ground and galloped off. Sir John reached the English camp without further adventure, and was warmly greeted by Wellington. 