Chapter XIII. The stars were paling but the day had not yet dawned when there came a knock at the door. John started and listened. After an interval the knock was ^repeated. It was a timid, hesitating tap, as if made with the tips of the fingers low down on the door. "Praise be to God !" said John and he drew the slide of the grating; He had expected to see a face outside, but there was nothing there. " "Who is it ?' he asked, and there came no answer. He took up the lamp that was kept burning in the hall and looked out through the bars.' There was nothing in the darkness but ani icy mist which appeared to be rising from the ground. " Only another of my dreams," he thought, and he laid his hand on the slide to close it. Then he heard a sigh which seemed to rise out of the ground and at the same moment the dog uttered a deep bay. He laid hold of the door and pnlled it quickly open. At hia feet the figure of a man was kneeling, bent double and huddled up._ " Paul!" he cried in an excited whisper. Brother Paul raised his head. His face ! was frightfully changed. It was grey and, wasted and disordered. His eyes pandered, 1 his lips trembled, and he looked like a man who i had been flogged. ' i "Good Lord, what a wreck!" thought John.' He helped him to rise and enter. The poor creature's limbs were stiff with cold and he stumbled from weakness as he crossed the threshold. "But, thank God, you are bank and ;q0 harm done'!" said John. "How anxious we've been ! You must never go out again— never ! There, brother, sit there." _ The wandering eyes looked up with a sup* plicating expression. " Forgive me, Brothe? Storm i" But Johu would not listen. " Hush, brother 1 what have I to forgive? How cold you are I Your hands are like ice. What can I do ? There's no fire m the house at this time of night—even in the kitchen it will be out now. But wait, I can rub you with my hands. Sees, I'm warm and strong. ' There's a deal of blood in me yet. That's better, isn't it? Tingling, eh ? That's right—that's good ! Now for your feet—your feot will be colder still.!' "No, brother, no. I ought to be kissing the feet of everybody in the house and asking the prayers of the community, and yet you " ' "Tut! what nonsense! Let me take off this shoe. Dear me, ko\v it sticks ! Why, you've worn it through and through. Look J What a mercy the snow was hard ! If there had been thaw, now ! How far you must have walked!" "Yes, I've wandered a long way, brother." "You shall tell me all about it. I want to hear everything—every single thing." "There's nothing to tell. I've failed in my errand—that's all." "John, who was on his knees, drew back and looked up with a light in his eyes which no word could express. " Do you mean, then .... Have you not seen your sister ?" "No, she's gone and nobody knows any* thing about her." "Well, perhaps it's for the best, brother. God's will be done, you know. _ If you had found her—who knows ?—you might have been tempted; but tell me everything." "I cannot do that; I'm so weak and it's not worth while." "But I want to hear all that happened. See, yonr feet are all right now—I've rubbed them warm again. Though I fast so much and look so thin I've a deal of life in me. And I've been pouring it all into you, haven't I ? That's because I want you to revive and be strong and tell me everything. Hush ! speak low, don't awaken anybody ! Did you find the hospital ?" "Yes." "Then Nurse Quavle sees nothing of your sister now! That's the pity of the life she is leading, poor girl! No friends, no future "It wasn't that, brother." "What then?" J; " The nurse was not there. ... A silence followed and then John said an another voice, "I suppose she was on holiday. It was very stupid of me; I didn t think ot that. Twice a year a hospital nurse is entitled to a week's holiday, and no doubt—— "But she was gone." . "Gone? You mean left the hospital. "Yes." ' "Well," in a husky voice, "thatisn't to be wondered at either. A high-spirited girl finds it hard to be bound down to rule and reguia tion. But the porter—he ia an intelligent roan —he would tell you where she had gone to. " I asked him—he didn't know. All he could say was that she left the hospital on the morn ing of Lord Mayor's snow day." \ " That would be the 9th November—the day we took our vows." ! There was another pause; the big dark eyes i were wandering vacantly. _ . j '«After all he is only a porter; you asked for the matron, didn't you?' . , , , , I " Yes; I thought she might know what had i become of my sister. But she didn t. As for Nurse Quayle, she had been dismissed also and nobody knew anything about her. _ John had seated lnmself ivt Pauls side and the form itself was quivering. "Now, that's just like her," he said hoarsely. iXOW, Ulrtl/ojudv - A J "That matron was always a hard woman. And to think that in that great house of love and Pl'"Mnam°forgetting something, brother." "What is it?" n j " The porter told me that the nurse called for her letters from time to time. Sne had been there that night—not half an hour "Then you followed her, didn't you? You asked which way she had gone and you hurried Offts©r 'j" ' " Yes; hut half an hour in. London is a week anywhere else. Let anybody cross the street and she i3 lost—more lost to sight than a ship in a storm on the ocean. And then it was New Year's Eve and the thoroughfares were crowded and thousands of woman were coming and going—and—what could 1 do. he said helplessly. . _ - w, b ,, John answered scornfully, What could you do ? Do you ask me what could you do. "What would you have done.?' . • "I should have tramped every street in London and looked into the face of every worn an I met until I had found her. I should have worn my shoes to the welt and my skin to f he bone before I should have come crawlma home like a snail with my shell broken over m"Don't be bard on me, brother, least of all . now, when: I have come home Kko a snaU, .as - you say, with my. shell broken. I was very tired and ill and did all X.could do. If ^ been strong like yon and brave-hearted X miS{V& have struggled longer. But I did tramp the streets and lpok into the women spaces. Sne must have been among them, if she s living the life you speak of; but God would not let mo find her. Why was it that my search was fruitless ? Perhaps there was evil m my heart at first—I don't mind telling you that now— but I swear to you by Him who died for u3 that at last I only wanted to find my sister that I might save her.^ But I am such a help less creature, and ,. John put his arm about Paul s shoulder... "Forgive me, brother. I was mad to talk to you like that—I who sent you out on that cruel night and stayed at home myself. You did what you could—" "You think that—really? _ .. "Yes, only at the .moment it seemed as it we had changed places somehow, and it was! who had lost a sister and been out to find her and given up the search too soon and come home empty and useless and broken-spirited aDpaul was looking up at him with a face full 0^^D°onyouerneally think l did all I could to. find her—the nurse, I mean?" But John had turned his own face away and there was no answer. Paul tried to say some thing, but he could not find the words. At last, in a choked voice, he murmured, We must keep close together, brother we are m the same boat now.' ■ .. • . , And feeling for John s hand he took it and held it, and they sat some minutes with bowed heads, as if a ghost' were going by. "Thereis nothing but prayer and penance and fasting left to us, is there? Still John-made no reply and the broken creature fcegan to comfort bim. " We have peace here at all events, and you wouldn't think what temptations come_to you in the world when youVe lost somebody, and there seems to be nothing left to live for. Shall I tell vou what I did ? It was in the early morning and I was standing in a doorway m p£cadiUv. The cabs and the crowds were cone and only the nightmen wereth«K9 twilling up the dirt of the pavements with their hose pipes and water. 'My poor girl islSt,' I thought. 'We shall never see.one another again. This, wicked city has ruined her, and our mother, who was so holy, was fond of her when she was a little child. »_j then mv heart seemed to freeze up within m6-—aa<i I did it M thbk X was mad—I went to the police station Tud tdd them I had committed a cnme Yes indeed, I accused myself of murder and be^anto give particulars. ^It was only when they noticed my habit that . I remembered the father and then I refused to answer any more questions. They put me m a cell and that was where I spent the uight, and next morning I denied everything and they let me go." Then, dropping his voice to a hoarse whisper, he said, "That wasn't what brought me back, though. It_ was the vow. You can't think what a thing the ' vow is until you've broken it. It's like a hot iron searing your very soul and if you were dying'and at the furthest ends of the earth and you had to crawl on your hands and knees you would comeback " He would have said more, hut an attack of coughing silenced him and when .it was over there was a sound of some one moving in the house. i " What is that ?' ".It is the father," said John. "'Our voices have wakened him." Paul struggled to his feet. . "It's only a life of penance and suffering you've coma back to, my poor lad." "That's nothing—nothing at all. . . . But are you sure you think. I did everything ?" . " You did what you could. Are you going somewhere ?' " Yes, to the father." "God bless you, my lad 1" "And God bless you too, brother !" • • Half an hour later, by the order of the superior, John Storm, with Brother Andrew and the father-minister, carried Brother Paul to his cell. The bell had been rung for lauds, and going up the stairs they passed the brothers coming down to service. News ; of Paul's_ return had gone through the house like a cutting wind, and certain of the brothera who had gathered in groups on the landings were whispering together, as if the coming back had been a shameful thing which cast discredit on all of them. It wasn't love of rule that had brought the man home again, but broken health and the; want of a bed to die upon. : Thus they- talked under their breath, un conscious -of the secret operation of their own hearts. In a monastery, as elsewhere, failure is the worst disgrace. John Storm returned to the hall with a firm step and eyes .full of resolution.^ Hardly an swering the brothers who plied him with ques tions, he pushed through them with long strides and taking the key of the outer gato from the place in the alcove where he had left it he turned towards the father's room. > .. The day had dawned and through the dark jness.; which, iwas lifting, in the little room he 'aould see the father rising from hisknees. . ■-"Father !"■ lie cried in an excited voice, and hie words, like.his breath, came in gusts. " What iB it, my son?" •- r ." Take this key back again.. The world is . calling me ■ and I cannot trust myself, at the door any longer. Put mo under the rule of silence, and solitude and shut me. up in a cell or I shall break my- obedience and run away as •sure as heaven is over us." (To be continued.) ■ 