THE LOVERS' QUARREL. "I will not give you back your letters,"' »id he. ' "Bul you have no right to keep them," bald I, "noW that you arc not engaged to me any longer, Mr Howard." J- "flh. mv a.wiM" l,/, - cannot have 'all the advantage. You have jilted me, and you can say what you please, and I can prove the truth by our correspondence. I always kept the rough draft of mine, and there's no Jaw In the land to make mo give up my own letters.!' "(runilcmen don't ialk of law; they think of honor." said I. "Ah, whatever you please. Miss Tra vis. 1 nupppose the fact that my grind- father did' not leave'ine his' properly lias a good deal to do with things being as they are. Good-bye, Ml'ra Travis." Hut I muot have my iottoro back, and that night as I sat up In my bed I I bought of the way to do it. . Hen— I mean Mr Howard; he was Bon to mo no longer— lived with Sally Gray's mother. Sally was a. girl you could trust. She was a plain little thing, with something the mutter with her spine, but Just as good as gold. T told her everything, sunt now I Intended to tell her the ficts of Ihi: case and g«-t" her to let me go Into Ben's room while he was away and look for my letters. 2 1 know that Ben— I mean Mr Howard —was out by eight o'clock, and at nine I Capped on the banoment window, and Bally, who was making cherry pie, look ed up and saw me und opened the door herself. And then and there I sat down and told hc'rull'about It and about the let ters. "And' I want you to help roe to get «hcm, Sally." I said. "Let me get Into Mr Howard's room and take what be longs to me. And you will, won't you? "It's a splendid Idea," sahl Sally. "You'll have to wait until lunch Is over, and Miss Peek and Mrs Jones go out. Then mother will lie down fur a nap anil- -Biddy Will be getting things icudy for dinner, and Sarah rubbing tin forks and glasses. I'll get the pass key— k>f course tvo have one for every room.' Now, do stay for lunch, dar ling?" And cold shivers ran up tny back When Sally unlocked the door and we iwere rcully In the room— his room. "I suppose he keeps hh» lettere In his clenk," s;iid she. "1 know he doesn't put them la his tnink. hut this key unlocks ull the drawers and desks In the liouec. (We, keep It to lend the lodgers when they lose their key-rings. Now, I shall lock you in and come, for you in an hour." I drew a chair Lo the desk, wit down, There wok nothing hwlde but some hotepuper, and u little package nf fools cap, und pens, ami inkstand, and a blot ting pad. 1 shut the desk and looked In the drawer. There was a cigar l»ox. "Oh, dear," 1 thought, "where can I look now?" And I was about lo try my key on the drawers, whim I heard the street door open and shut and feet as cend the Mtidrs. Then a key mtUcd lii the lock, antl I dhl.tlie only possible thing to avoid dis covery— ul Jtast for a moment. There wan a wardrobe cupboard With curtains before it. J ran towards It and stood -bolt uprighL In the corner as Ben —I mean Mr Howard— entered, followed by another man. They shut tie? door and ⁢ down. They lighted their plp«i. "Hen," wild the ntningo person, "you are not looking well." "I'm feeling wretchedly," -said -Mr Howard. "I wouldn't loll another fel low, but I believe my heart Is broken— there, don't laugh. You see that photo graph <in the lnuitelpkcj.'.' "We were engaged 'lo each other," said Ben, "and I Jovisl her bettor than my life, and I thought she was very fond of mo. But you know 'my grandfather cut mo out of his will, and .then a rich fellow be gan to call upon l|<!r :l"d she' picked u quarrel with mo — that's nil. She's a mercenary little wretch, but 1— I am a fool, Iioury. 1 love her still; I shall keep her photograph all my lite— and her letters to road and kiss. 1. would not give thorn «P." "Stuff'and'iidnsanse!" said IhlH Mr Henry— heartless1 brute! "You'll lltul a bettor girl in no'tlmc." . .'.'There ' hi; but oiie woman in ' the world for me," said Ben. "There, nowk I'm dotic. You 'know ?my trouble. 'I'll ijIcle lt from 'tHo world, and. you will never speak of It to any one, T know." "You'll not have any trouble In nix months," said the horrible Mr Henry. "Now you'll come up and spend, your holiday with me., won't you? I'll Just itep. out and buy those things. for iny .Vlfe.'and you puck up wluit you need and meet me at the station." Then Hehry walked away,- and Bun— yes, .IJcn, n»y i>oor Bovi— took a bundle of letturs from his bosmn and kissed them, und took down ' my- photo graph -and kissed that, 'and then, having pulled a bag from the corner, ho walked straight to the wardrobe and drew the curtain back. . The next moment he was staring at me and 1 at him. "Is it her ghost ?" I heard him mutter; nnd I— well, there 1 whs. It was not u situation to import dignity. "It is only me in the Hush, Ben." I eold. "I wish I wan a ghost, so that I could vanish.' And now you can \- boast nil your life, If you like, And I wilt say something. Firstly, t did not cure about your grandfather's horrid money. .Secondly, I— f— only meant lo tiff a little— not.. to break off; only to frighten you. Thirdly, I— I— oh, I've found out tk-'U. you really and truly love me, Ben, and though it ls broken off— I —I want to know— I used to love you very much— and I. couldn't bo going to marry old Mr Javerill. because ho Is en gaged to my mint Ophelia, and he never wanted me. X came to get my letters, bul you may keep' thciii. I — T've mLHun- derstood -you, mid though we purl for ever, forgive me, Ben." ' And Sully was ipy bridesmaid when T married, and Ih' to-day my ilcap-et friend, ami' the only mw who knows how Ben and T enmo to make up our quarrel. —Jane Summers In "The Folka-at- Homi;." 