| ALL SAINTS.(JIIUIICH FESTIVAL. Yesterday, AH Saints' Day, special services were held in All Saints' Church, when1 the jubi lee efforts. _by the parish were.brought to a con clusion,: although in connection with the cele bration "of 'AirSaints' Day services will be held nightly during the Week, when prominent mem bers of the clergy., will officiate.. • Holy Communion was celebrated yesterday morning at a quarter to 8 and 11 o'clock, and matins "at 8.45 a.m., each service being well attended. . • At evensong therq Vas a full choral service, and there was again a large congregation. The choir, yf&s.; augmented: by- several . friends, and was ; assisted , by an efficient string band and the Hopetoun Brass Band, the whole bcrng under'the-.direction of the choirmaster, Mr. A. J. Scarce, who .also presided at the .organ-with-liis "oustomary-ability. The anthem, "i AViil Give .Tlianks Unto Thee" (Bainby),was admirably rendered by "the choir. The Very Rev. Lindon-Parkyri, Dean of Ballarat (who wasassisted'during the; service by the incum bent, the Rev. <R. C. NneentKellv. the Revs. W- C. Sudlier, eurate.ofSfc. Paul's, W. Carey Ward-'-arid H. F. Goss), selected for his text, ''Jesus saith unto him, _have I been so long time with you and yet hast thou not known Me, Phillip? : He that hath, seen Me-hath seen the Father." The preacher stated that he regarded the festival of All Saints'Day as the most pathetic and instructive of all the festivals of the phureh. , Use., memories of those who.', ha:l passed away often : acted as a check upon us when--we were inclined' to stray-from the narrow path, and the saints who liadjLrod;lhe pafch:befo're_us belonged to the same family as the members of the church to-day. They all belonged rto the same Fatherhood. That- Fatherhood was the great principle which embodied the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, and it was to the Great Creator that they referred when they repeated the creed. The tiniest animalcule that could ,be seen by the naked eye in reality sppke, in effect, in the words, " Have I. been so long with you, and' yet hast thou not known God ?" AILnat'ure taught the same lesson, and the heart of man turns, like the opening flower to the sun, and says,'"Sliow us :the Father." Mankind is ?>TOPiVHBStic. .not be satis-, tied until it1 knew the Supreme Being, Who: alone could satisfy the longings of the human : soul. The Father was manifested-in the Kon who was like Him, and so it was that Jesus; Christ said, " He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father." It was God's love and compas-. siori which Christ, embodied, and the object of' the-incarnation was to show the love, not the ; sovereignty of God. The more carefully the: Kfe of Christ was read the more beautiful would the lessons to be drawn from it appear. The; preacher concluded with an earnest exhortation; to his hearers to come to , Christ, allow Him' to enter their hearts and to listen to Him who! said, '.'Come, unto Me and I will give you rest." —-^selection by the Hopetoun Brass Band, un der the able leadership of Bandmaster Norman,; .'was rendered, after which a list of blessings and mercies received from Almighty God by parish and people were solemnly rccited by the incum bent. A prayer of thanksgiving was offered up, and the hymn, "Holy, Holy,- Holy, Lord God of Hosts," having been sung, the service termi-: nated with a " De Teum" and the benediction. : This evening the Rev. W. Carey Ward, M. A.,; will officiate. 