HUMOROUS BEADING, Toar teacher tells me you were not i lacbool yesterday. Now young man, ye know what yon-are going to get!" Sc .(firmly): " I do, pop, and I am willing l .be Hoked any day for a circus parade lil .that !" ' Oh, would you mind doing me a favour ' With pleasure. What ia .it 1' Kindly ri move that costly mantle out of your window Why pray V * I shall he passing yoe . shop with my wife in half an hour. Young )awyer(on bis first case): ' I'd git <ln08t any thing to win this case, but-I dou ? eoe how l can possibly clear you.' Prisoni ?{modestly suggestive): 11 don't s'pose ye' Want to go into the witneBS-box an' swear y .committed the crime yourself, would ye)' MissJellusI "Your bedroom must be ?very healthy place, dear.' Hiss prettiface What makes you think so?' Miss Jellu ''Because I bavo noticed that wben you ur .downstairs sometimes you .are. dreadful!; ,pale;but if you go up into your bedroom fo 4t Boort time yon come down with a beautiful colour!' . . . Tennyson used to tell bow he once over heard an amusing comment upon a sermon It was spoken by on old farmer. After hear fag a red-hot description of never- ending Sri and brimstone, he turned to his wife and con .oled her quite sincerely with the naive re mark, 'Never mind, Sally; that must bi wrong; no conatitooshun couldn't stand it. " And when was it," Bbc asked tenderly " that you made up your own mind to pro. pose V lie blushed and faltered, and trlet to say that it was on a summer night, wbei ?sba looked radiantly beautiful in the pall moonlight. As a matter of fact it was om morning when the boarding-bouse coffee wai -exceptionally weak and the longing for i home of bis own grew stronger, and stronger but how could he tell her that ? The chairman of a Lancashire board telli .a&'a'musrag story about a settler in the wilde -of'Canada who wrote to him to find him.; t wife, who was to be " about 30, good-looking, tfresh complexioned, industrious, and thor- oughly respectable." That was all right. But he added a postoript that thought thc board while they, were about it, might ae well send but two or three, as he could then .have his choice and be knew friends of hit who would be very glad to marry tbe others, A shrewd shopkeeper has taught bis par. irot to say/'Pretty creature" to every lady who . enters bis shop, and his business is ?rapidly increasing. Distinguished Amateur Artist. . (to. old woman): " What a pretty cottage 1 May 1 paint it?" Old Woman : " Lor', no ; it's .only just been white-washed I" "Ourparty will sweep this country like <« whirl.wind," shouted tbe leather- tongued .orator (rom the stump. " I bet if wlnd'll isweep ber you'll get there," came from the back seat. ... ' Jaok: "I'm going up now to seo Holly Manlové." Bob : .. r say give me those ?cigars, old man-they will only get .broken 'in your pooket, I've been there "myself." A EVER Tuns. ß A pretty girl, ! A crowded car, V Please take my seat," And there you are. A crowded car, A woman plain, ; She stands, and there . , s You are again. Voice at the,Telephone; " Jones, will you (please bring your family and take supper with us next Sunday ?" Servant Girl. (re- plies back through telephone) : '.' Master and Mistress aro not in at present :. .but,,they \- can't come to supper, as it's my Sunday out." " When a woman gets frightened at night," -?saye, one who knows' "she just ..pulls' the bedclothes over ber head' says 'she's terri Bed .out of her .wits, and go to sleep; i ; With a man it's different. He says be's not -afraid, .pushes the clothes down, and lies tremblingly awake foi* two or three hours, straining bis -ears at every sound." ^ The most difficult question of all.-"who's .your friend ?" ' Aspirituul inquiry,-"Is it likely' that ^ghosts talk the dead languages 1" Her method of making friends.-" She is an: awful flirt 1". ''How do. you know)" "She will not have a tire on ber bike that .she can't puncture with her hat pin." ., Mrs-" Am I still ' the star of .your life,', -as I was when you used to write love letters .toma!" Mr.-"Of course dear." Mrs. ."I don't seem to be drawing a star salary, though." : " . . " You don't seem to have the sort of fold- ing bed11 want," said the oustomer after 'looking through the furniture-man's stock. ?" What sort of a folding bad are you looking for 1" naked tho clerk. "I want one which' I can use as a bioyole in daytime." Cumso--" I supposo 'Whiffet isn't such tan unconscionable liar since he' quit 'fishing =.ao constantly ?" Cawker-" He has : -los regard for the truth now than'ever," Cumuo : .-"What does he lie about now?" Cawker -"The immense distances he covers on his bicycle." " I'vo a groat story to tell you boys," said -a "commercial" , to a group of ( friends. "I don't think any of you ever heard me tell it before." "'Is it a really good story?" asked one of the .party doubtingly. " It . certainly is." "Then I sure you never told it before." . . " ?" Priest-" Patsy She«, if you're' a sensible man you'll never letadropof whisky pass your lips again. Sure 'tis youl rivirence, and haven't you. tould us from the pulpit that we nor to love our enemies?" Priest '",True for you, Patsy, hut I never said you were to swallow them." Physician : "What is your profession, sir ?" Patient (prompously): "I'm a gentleman." Physician : " Well, you'll have to try some- thing elso ; it don't ugcee with you." . First Traveller: "Does the train stop hero long enough to let you get something to eat?" Second Traveller : "No ¡just long enough to let you pay for what you order." Whittier once lent a volume of Plato to a neigbbonr. When the book was returned, ho asked, "Well, friend, how did thee Uko Plato?" . "First rate," said the farmer; "I .see be's got some of my ideas." . KrBt Bioyclist : " Did you hear that fellow nt the crossing growl 'when I ron him down?" .Second BioyoliBt : " Yes. Silly bf bim, wasn't it ? I remember. I UBed to do the same thing myself before I got a bike. " Darling," said the young man, " your oyos are like diamonds, your lips like rubies, your teeth like pearls, your hairlike jet"-"George, . sha interrupted, " remember that you work in a jewellery warehouse. Don't talk shop1. . A ' Oolored Witness.-Magistrate (to witness) : " Now, , bear in mind, Uncle Kastus, that you have sworn to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but tha truth.') TJnolo Itustus (somewhat flustered): " Y-yeB sah; but I h-hopes degemmañ'll go slow at the start, sab ; sees, yo' bonah,. I hain't yugo rter dat sort o', thing." \: ' ., . 