CLIMPSES OF SHADOWLAHD THE LAND OF GHOSTS. BELIEFS AS TO THE PARTING OF SOUL AND BODY. STORY ABOUT A SUPERNATURAL WARNING. WHY GHIOSTS ALiK, IF EVER THEY DO. It has long been a popular belief that the soul does not leave the body until several minutes after apparent death, and that it finally takes its departure through the mouth in the shape of a little white cloud. The supposed es cape of the soul in this way gave rise to the idea that the vital principle might be transferred from one person to an other. WTitches on their beathbeds se lected a trusty successor, and breathing into her mouth, transmitted with their last breath the familiar SI irit. lthe presence of pigeon or game fea thers is supposed to be a hindrance to the exit of the soul. In England a Sus sex nurse once told the wife of a clergy man that she never did see any one die so hard as Master Short. She thought there must be game feathers in the bed. So she tried to pull it from under him, but lie was a heavy man. and site could not manllage it alone, and there was none with himn but herself, and so got a rope and tied it around him, and pulled him right off the bed, and he "went off in a minute quite comfortable, just like a lamb." There is also a Hindoo and tIa.hommedan belief that no one can die. peaceably except when laid in mother earth. In India the dying are always taken from their bed and laid upon the ground. Among seafaring men on the east coast of England it is delieved that the soul takes its departure during the falling of the tide. lMuch weeping for the dead is said to disturb the peace of the soul. A Ger man song tells how a sister wept inces cantly overer her brother's grave. At last her tears became intolerable to the de ceased, because lihe was detained on earth by her excessive weeping, and suf fer._d thereby great torment. In a fit of desperation lie cursed her, and in conse quence of his malediction she was chang ed into a cuckoo, so that she might al ways lament for herself. People who believe in the re-appear ance of disembodied spirits find great diflficulty in agreeing upon the weight and substance of apparitions. Most -agree that the spirit retains the same bodily appearance as it had when in the flesh, immediately prior to death. MIodern spiritualists put the weight down at three ounces. It is dillicult, however, to reconcile the vaporous shape and intangible form with the heavy tread which occasionally makes stairs dreak and boards resound. Just as souls are possessed of visible forms so they are generally supposed to have voices though less audible than when in life. 'The Algonquin Indians of North America profess to hear the shadow souls of the dead chirp like crickets. Appearances immediately after death, in action, to friends at a distance are among the best authenticated of super natural appearances. Captain . . F. Russell Colt, of Gaetslierrie, Coatbridge, Scotland, is authority for the following: "I was at home in Inveresk House, itn hMid-Lothian, for my holidays. My bro ther Oliver who was lieutenant in the Seventh Royal Fuslliers,.aLnd about 19 Seare of age, was then before Sebasto pol. Be had been writing in low spirits, not being well, and'I, to cheer him up, jokingly wrote that if anything happen ed to him he. must let me know by ap pearing to me in my room, where we had often sat together as boys, and Indulged in pipe and chat. This letter I found subsequently he had received, just prior -to going into the intrenchments, from which lie never returned. It was the 8th September 1855, at the storming of the Redan, that he fell, struck by a bullet in the temple. He was found afterward propped'up by other dead bodies in a sort of kneeling position. "That night I awoke suddenly and saw, facing the window of my room, by my bedside, surrounded by a light sort of phosphorescent mist, as It were, my brother kneeling. I tried to speak, but could not utter a sound. By degrees, as I recovered from my astonishment, I de cided it must be a fancy, and the moon light playing on a towel or something out of place. But looking ti up, there lie was again, looking imploringly and sadly at me. I sprang out of bed and glanced through the window, and saw that there was no mooli. aid it was very dark and raining hard. This I could tell by the sound against the panes. I turned and still saw Oliver. I shut my eyes and walked ,to the door of my room. As I turned the handle before leaving I look ed back once more. The apparition turn ed his head slowly, and looked anxiously and lovitigly at me. and I saw then for the first time, on the right temple, a wound with a red stream flowing from it. His face \was a waxy, pale tint, but transparent looking; so was the reddish mark. But it is almost impossible to de scribe his appearance. I only know that I shall never forget it. "I left ithe room and went into a frield's roonm and lay on the sofa the rest of the niight. I told him why; I told oth ers in the house, but when I told my father he told me not to repeat such non sense, and especially not to let tmy mother know. "On thle Monday following the news came of the stormeing of the tIe dan. but no piarticulars. I told my friend to let me kntow if hlie saw Oliver' name amoing the killed and wounded before I did. About a fortnight later he camue with a very grave face into my room in my mother's hlouse in Atlhole Crescent in Edinburgh. I said, " I sup pose it is to tell me thie saddest news I expiect?' and he said 'Yes,' Both the Colonel of the regiiment and one or two otlicers lwho saw tile body confirmed the fact of the appearance as much as I had described itand the death wound was exactly where I had seen it." Well authenticated cases where people have been warned of their coming death by lspirit appearances are innumerable. Such. for instance, is the celebrated Lyttleton ghost story. Among this class the following is re mIarkalle: Dr. W. and Mr P., both clergymen and graduates of Oxford, had been close friends during their university career. Dr. WV. remalied a fellow of his college for many years after his friend P. had la&'t a country living some eighteen miles from Oxford, where he resided as a bachelor. About the year l$1WDr. IV. ihad an ex traordinary dream, or vision. It was in November, and he tias in residience In college. He had seen his fiiend P.'s face. pale and suffused with pain. He awoke with a-suffocating feeling, but sootn went to sleep again. He then dreamed that MIr P. appeared once more to him, with his features drawn, his eyes glazed and very wide open, with an expression of deep fear on his countenance, and that P ex claimed several times:--"W., they are burying mei W., they are burying me!" So deep was the impression made upon him that he resolved to ride over to Mr P.'s rectory the following day. Pressing work, however, kIept him from doing so, and in due course he went to bed and arose as usual the next morning. After breakltfast as hlie was sitting by the fire, hlie heard a tail at the door. Thlnking it was his servant he called out, "Come in," without looking around, and con tinued reading. He heard, as he be lieved, the door open the next minute. P.'s familiar voice whispered in his ear, "W., they are burying me!" Starting up he found the door shut and no one in the room. Greatly perplexed and alarmed, lie sent for his horse and rode at once to his friend's residence. As he neared the house he noticed a plumed hearse and pair of horses standing on the gravel be. fore the: front door. On. inquringf of the servants, Dr. "W found that his old friend was in fact dead, and that the coffin had been final ly screwed down. Stooping down, however, to kiss his forehead, he at once noticed the absence of that peculiar and unmistakable odor which distinguishes the death chamber. He then put his ear to the body's breast and lips, and exclaimed: "Surely he breathes; this is not death; it is a trance. P., do you hear me?" There was at once a slight-a very slight-paroxysm visible at one corner of the mouth; at least, so it seemed to him. Dr. W. peremptorily forbade the funeral, and, after some discussion with the relatives, the body was taken from the coffin and placed in a bed. Restora tives were applied, and, though the trance lasted for three days, within a week of Dr. W.'s visit Mr P. had re gained consciousness, and lived for nine years afterward. All sorts of reasons have been given why ghosts wander. Among the Greeks it was believed that unless the corpse had the necessary fee to pay Charon for being ferried over the River Styx, it was condemned to wander about the banks of the river for 100 years. In later times it was usually deemed to be lack of Christian burial, or the result of wickedness when on earth, as in the case of the German ghost known as the bleeding nun. This was a nun, who, after committing many crimes and de baucheries, was assassinated by one of her paramours and denied the right of burial. After this she used to haunt the castle where she was murdered, with her bleeding wounds. On one occasion a young lady of the castle, willing to es cape with her lover, in ordertomakeher flight easier, impersonated the bleeding nun. Unfortunately the lover, while ex pecting the lady under this disguise, eloped with the spectre herself and was haunted by her ever afterward. On the other hand, the spirits of the good are said to return sometimes for the purpose of aiding the innocent or avenging the guilty. Then again there is the well-kniwn Beresford ghost tale, in which Lord Tyrone and Miss Blank figure as the princilpas. They were orphans and educated together in the principles of deism. When they were about 14 years old their preceptor died. apd. their new guardian tried to persude them to em brance revealed religion. The boy and girl stuck to deism, but they made a compact that he or she who died first should appear to the survivor to declare what religion was most approved by the Supreme Being. Miss Blank married St. Martin Beresford. One day she appear ed at breakfast with a pale face and a black band around her wrist. On her death-bed she explained how Lord Tyrone had appeared to her immediately after his death and correctly prophesied her future; how he had also touched her wrist-h'is hand being as cold as marble -and caused the sinews to shrink up and every nerve wither. The ribbon is still in the possession of the Beres ford family, every member of which to the present hour will attest the truth of the narration. Different explanations of these appear ances have been put forward from time to time. .Dr. Hammond, in his work on "Nervous Derangement," cites the fol lowing case:-"A lady of highly nervous temperament one day, intently think ing of her mother and picturing to her self her appearance as she looked when dressed for church, happening to raise her eyes, say her mother standing before her, clothed as she imagined. In a few minutes the apparition disappeared, but she soon found that she had the ability to recall it at will, and that the power existed in regard to many other forms, even those of animals and of inanimate objects. She could thus produce the image of any persbn on whom she strongly concentrated her thoughts. At last she lost control of the operation, and was constantly subject to hallucinations of sight and hearing. 