CREMATION. AN UNIQUE FUNERAL. "E.O.S." wrltcn to ua:— The oncloaed narrative may aurprlne and interest your readers. That under certain condltlom; the communion with spirits |» possible 1 proved years oko: It merely adds to one's UnowIedKe, ami need not ' Interfere with anyone's rcli- Klun.' Whatever religion . makes one belter and tmppler, thut Is the religion to keep lo, be it Roinun Catholic, .Fro- tentant, or- any other. Why need they Interfere .with or hate cuch other- The qunrrolH'nnd hatred do away with all re ligion.' Although I know Spirilualism to bo true, I have nothing to do with It.' It la only a yuluuhle knowledge. I think Dr Peeblen mado a great mistake In attacking' religious sects:— . In memory of ; Mrs Masslngberd, or Guhby, Lincolnshire, who died of ex- hnustlon-'conscqucnt upon a scyere. operation,' a' service of unique character wns conductejl In St. John's Church, Smith Square, Wemmlnster. The de- ecutie'd lady wnn possessed of consider able wealth, and was heiress in her own right lo HOtno landed estate In the county, 'on which she sought to promote tc-inponinco In many. ways. Although ccihneotCd with various social move ments in. London, licr name here was more particularly anuoblaled with the Pioneer Club for. Ladles. This wan founded -by' her, fully registered nun proprietary club, and was Intended by her to nieet- the wants of- women en gaged In progressive and other work, and In Its npaolous rooms In one of the finest old houses of llrutou street hulios representative of nil .modern vocations and views wero to ho met,. Her lone is a very nore"one to the club, alike from her powers of organisation and tho un failing -generosity she evinced towards it. By her own wish Iter remains wero cremated, and the ashes were enclosed In an urn and. brought to th'e eliurch. where they" remained under a bountiful pall; of - white silk, worked with gold, before the altar. The building Itself is one of Ihe most sombre In the metro polis. and even a number of floral tributes Rent by personal friends and dispersed about the chancelcould hardly relieve the gloom of the dreary after- The. nonH and daughters of the late lady.' as well as other relatives, wero present In the church, but the service was primarily arranged by the club as a token of respect, and the members, wero officially requested to meet outside the church at a quarter to four. Iduus differ among the advanced sisterhood iui to the obligation of wearing black, nnd several, therefore, had made no difference In their usual uttlro; but all wore the device of membership, which Is a small silver uxc, and a little badge of ribbon striped In white, grey, and black. As tho first notes of "O for the Wings of a Dove" softly rolled out an a voluntary, the procession began to move towardn tho chatiuoi, anil wiis led hy VIscountesH Harherton (who hud bright pink rosea In her hat) and Miss WliHehend.' Behind these wore borne, Hhouldcr-hlglvby eight ludles reprcflen- -la'tlve of tin? Ilbrnry, delnttcs, dmmatk', and antl-vivlscctlou sub-commlttecs, a huge trophy, measuring 6ft. by 4ft-, and onUrcly composed of flowers. The base wnn white hyacinths. Jonquils, und lilies of the valley, upon which were worked, In raised letters of Burma violets .her family motto, "It Is tfnough to have de served." and the guiding sentences of the club, "All the hands of comrades clasping iMonoers nf IMoneers," "Love thyself butt," nnd "One and All." In the centre weiu ihe Initials "15. L- M." und a large axe, also wrought In double violets. Then followed Lady Hamilton (honorary secretary)- Mrs Chester (who carried a lovely heart nf lilies of the valley), und Luily EUzalxfth Cust. From tho British Women's Temperance Asso ciation came a splendid cross of lilies and arums. Other bodies which sent wreaths were the Central National So ciety for Women's Suffrage, the Good Templars, tho Humanitarian League, the Shakespeare Society, nnd the Vic toria street Antl-Vlvlseotlon Society. . Cauott Wllbcrforco conducted the office, und the processional sentences' and the anthem "I Heard n Voice," nu well iuj the responses, were sung to Cosh's set-ting. Only a few verses of the lesson taken from ' Corinthians, 1 xv. wero mid, and tho hymns sung were "I was a Wandering Sheep" and "Grucloun Spirit, Holy Ghost." At the conclusion, Canon Wllberforco gave a short address, saying that he wan al ways thankful when any prominent persona lout their support to cremation, and thus helped to deal a blow ' to the materialism which could grasp no more than a reconstructed earthly body. With their departed friend -they coukl" hut think that tho scabhurd was de stroyed. but the bright, keen blade of her Intellect nnd her - vigorous mind existed all the name, and ho was con vinced that In nplrlt she was among them, and knowing all that was being 1 Mid 