A RECORD OF IMPOSURE. The year 1896 will probably (says an English newspaper) be put down. in history as reniarkable for its immense crop of spiritual .healers, prophets, and messiahs. Though the prompt discredit cast upon pro fessedly miraculous work in this country, as recently manifested in Glasgow and. in Wales, has diseouracred imDOBure hcre.it has been otherwise in other countries, notably Franoe and tho United States. In tbe latter oountry especially men and women who claim :to. possess divine power have appeared in dozenB during the past few months. They have sprung from all classes of society, and while some have been chara latans of the blackest type, workers, who really believed in their own powers and in a ' heaven-sent mission,' have been plenti ful enough to put the stamp of legitimacy on the general movement. The Biblical injunction relative to the coining of a Mes siah has been played upon by the charlatans with varying success for ages. There have been many pretenders, but never such a multitude as at present. Schlatter, who gained more followers than any one of his contemporaries, disappeared in the midst of his success — ran away from the fame, and has not been heard of since ; Hunts man, the ' Modern Christ,' still leads the Angel Dancers in New Jersey ; Dr. Cyrus Teed was at last accounts exerting an iron rule over the ' Koreshans' on Estero Island, Florida ; Ferdinand Stutzke is yet fondly hoping that some of his still unful filled prophecies will come to pass ; W. E. Hammond is ' healing by the spirit aid' ; Rogers, of bogus Bible fame, seems to be merely lying in wait for another opportunity to lead his black followers heavenwards ; and Sandford still conducts his ' Holy Ghost and Us Bible School' in Maine. In addition to the above, there have been j Bedward, the Black Prophet ; Mdlle Coues- j don, who claimed to be the mouthpiece of J the Angel Gabriel, and was exposed as a fraud after Zola had been hoodwinked into ! interviewing her ; Dr. Dervin, who sold i Heaven Sent Ointment' ; Vigncs, the Swiss peasant, who was reported to have effected some wonderful cures by the ' lay ing on of hands' ; Dr. John S. Wiletts, who bequeathed his prophetic powers to Rodgers ; Dolores Luiz, the ' Vision-seeing maiden of j Tobasco' ; Lida Nelson, the visionary, of i Pleasant Valley, Ind. ; Bradley Newell, who went to England, but failed in his intention to convert the Prince of Wales ; Bill James, ' the Indian healer, whose patients all belong j to the Puyaliap tribe ; George Clark, who ' eould have made more objections to political measures than any other ten members ; Manley Rawson, Albert Larrabee, Paulin Delpont. the French , boy prophet, Professor Zackc Shavno, ' and August Schrador. As can be seen from ; the foregoing, neither age, religion, colour, race, nor nationality has been a bar to the aspirations of these people. Teed, who was formerly known ss the 'Chicago Christ,' has become an absolute monarch in a small , way. To his followers be is a veiled prophet, and is the master as well as the lord of his people. He owns Estero Island, in Lee country, Florida. The inhabitants are known as ' Koreshans his mansion is named ' Beth-Ophpab,' and his consort, who, by tho way, left her former husband to become queen of the colony, is known as 'Victoria Gratia Hdresh.' To be a ! Koreshan means degrading slavery as far as the subject is concerned. Every person ' who joins the sect is required to sign over j body and soul to the high priest, who must ? nenceiortn oe regarded as tne actual incarna tion of Jesus Christ. Teed is supposed to be able to create or destroy at will; and the two laws of the Island — worship of Toed as God, and blind obedience to his will — are never departed from by the inhabitants. There is no marrying in the civilised sense of the word, and all children born into the colony arc taught to believe that Tcod is their father. Teed claims to be a healer, and says he can perform any of the Biblical miracles. The economic features of the island are well conducted, and a manu facturing plant and two newspapers, the Flaming Sword- and the Pruning Shears, are carried on. Teed says he is soon to as cend to heaven, and is even now said to be pre paring for his trip to the '? New Jerusalem,' whence he will conduct the affairs of his colony at long range. Meanwhile his fol lowers, man, woman, and child, work in a field whether fitted for the occupation or not, and groan and hope for the deliverance which they are told is very near. On tho other hand, the ' Lord's Farm,' which con tame the congregation of the ' Church of Living God,' presents the question of an ex isting Messiah from an entirely different point of view. It has been subjected to any amount of newspaper and individual abuse, yet it thrives and gradually acquires near ad herents. It is situated near Woodcliffe, N.J., and is presided over by.the ' Man Christ,' whose name has been successively Mason T. Huntsman, Huntsmen Mnason, and P. B. Mnason. The present spelling of the name, particularly the initials ' P.B..' is said to have a Biblical, or at least a mythological significance. This sect practises no ceremonial observances. Not even Sunday is recognised. Every day is supposed to be a Sabbath. The sect now owns tho farm which once belonged to Her man Storms. He is now a nonentity in the sect, and has had all his protestations against the doings of the members overrated. He is very old. His family believes im plicity in Mnason. One of the sons is a Rutgers College graduate and a civil engineer. The colony numbers 15 men and women. ' Unceasing submission to God,' and the ' continual casting out of the devil' aro the principal tenets of the faith. At times, however, this becomes trouble some, inasmuch as the devil may get into ' the food, which must be destroyed, or into j the room, from which he must be driven, the driving being performed by means of a i sheet which the members catch and stretch across the room as they walk towards the door. This, of course, is only a new form of exorcism adapted to fit the ideas of these modern adepts. Mnason alBO contends that he is able to heal by the laying on of hands, but regards it as a subordinate office seldom worthy of practice. He is a man of extraordinary appearance, of great mag netic power, and zealous in the performance of his queer religious duties, yet by his own word he once belonged to a certain class of criminals operating in New York city. Alexander Bedward, the negro who blessed the waters of Hope River, in the West Indies, and had thousands of fol lowers, was once the inmate of an insane asylum. He was also sentenced to two years in prison for using ' highly seditious language.' He escaped, however, on a technicality ' and is rapidly growing rich on the proceeds of his scheme. Being the ' prophet of the most high,' he claimed to make the waters of the river healing through the efficacy of prayer. Thousands of negroes bathed in tbe stream. The sick, the well, the halt and the blind all fought for a place to bathe, and it is said that the general mixing up has caused the propaga tion of much disease. The water, however, remained blessed only while Bedward stood by. When he went away its healing power went with him. This plan enabled him to collect a new fee every time he came, 