AMUSEMENTS. The Dampier Season. "HAHUR" was played at the Crystal Theatre last night. Unfortunately, on account of the heavy dust that cloaked the town, the audience was only "good." Mr. Dampier, as the Dane, gave a consistent, scholarly, and earnest representation of the character ; he made of Hamlet a gloomy, brooding pessimist, not a madman-a man whose one desire was for vengean e and who lived with hts eyes wide opened to the hypocrisy and deceit of his surroundings. His satirical, jibing lines were exceptionally well spoken, the "players' speech" being splendidly delivered, likewise the apostrophe to Yorick's skull. In the big scene with Ophelia, the actor also showed the passion at his command. Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan played the part of Polonius more than passing well : his per- formance' was 'finished. Mr. Appleton waa somewhat ; heavy as the King, and Mr. Howard Smith wás not strong enough as Hamlet's friend Horatio. Mr. Rolfe, how- ever, deserves much credit for his Laertes. The Ghost Mr. E. H. Holloway played on conventional lines. Mr. George Baller's First Gravedigger was an excellent bit of work, full of clever tonches of nature. In her earlier scenes Miss Rose Dampier (Ophelia)was somewhat weak, but in the mad act she rose to the occisión and acted with intensity, the interpretation as a whole being deserving of warm commendation. Miss Julia Merton, at all times finished in her work, was the Queen. MÍBB Clements, Messrs. £smelton (of the fine presence), Duggan, and others were also in the cast. The tragedy was excellently well staged and dressed. " Robbery Under Arms," Australia's re- presentative drama, will be staged this evening, with Mr. Dampier as Captain Starlight and Müs Lily Dampier as Aileen Marston. By the way, the original Aileen Marston is still alive-Annie Clarke was the real name-and resides in the southern portion of New Sonth Wales. Mr. Charles Westmacott will visit Broken Hill with a dramatic company during April or May. A variety company will follow Mr. Dampier._ 