ORIGINAL POETRY. TWO SIDES OF A QUESTION. 0, there's spring in the dazzling1 sunshine ar.d glory iu the d.ty. And I in this crowded city am throwing my life away; Walls, walls, walls around me, and pavement under my feet, And it's oh for the old bush life again, and the mountain breeze so sweet. Somewhere out to the northward there is tlie place tor me, Miles upon miles of white-gum, and far as rour eye can see, Rolling ranges of mountains, and monarch of them all Rises, there in'the distance, the summit of Mount Duval. 0 for a glorious gallop on Coriander's baric Once again, as in dear dead days, along the ITralla track; My gallant horse for company, the bush with its myriad tongues; The sun, the space, and the splendour, and the free, fresh air in my lungs. And the yellow wattle's in blosson), and llic bush sarsaparilla Wreathes and clings, and twists and swings from gum-tree pillar to pillar; And soldier-birds chatter and squabble up in a bottle-brush tree. And a solemn langhing-jackass looks down and c&cklos; at me. And ant-hills. re«l and yellow, gleam thro' the weird white stems, And everlasting daisies show their golden dia dems There's maiden-hair in the cracks of the rocks where the shy snake basks in the sun, And magpies whistle their sweetest, for joy of the day begun. Push, and crewd, and jostle! jostle, and crowd, and push! 0, to be out of it, out of it! away in the quiet hnah f Away the roar and rattle, away from the sorrow and sin, The beggar's whine, and the pious fraud, dirt, and disease, and din! O, voice of the bush that is calling and calling mte again, O. many-toned voice of the bush! Must you call to me always in vain? Shall I never lie able to follow to the land that is far and fair? O, who could bide in the city, who was born and bred out there? IT. There's storm creeping up the valley, and. rain on the distant ranges, And ever the wind in the white-gums runs its gamut of mournful changes, All in a mi cor key, and there's gloom on earth and in sky, And of all things dismal, I think there is nothing so dismal as I. Gum-trees! Nothing but gum-trees! Miles upon miles cf than, j With here and there a solitary bos, or a botUe- i brush with its stem Stunted out of proportion, and as the white bark flaps, _ ] You think of the dead in their winding-sheets, or j ghosts of the past, perhaps! Nothing to hear, and nothing to sec, but gums and j a gloomy sky; I Nothing to read, and nothing to do but dream of the dayB gone by. j It's oh to pace the pavement, rub shoulders1 with the crowd, Clasp hands again with fellow-men, hear greetings long and loudl Letters! I've bad no letters for a good, long month or more; . The oldest paper's a joy to me-I read it o'er and o'er; "" . What do I know of politics? of empires fall'n or risen? Of "strikes" or wars? of bills and laws? nitbfn this gum-tree prison I Ignorant! I should think sol tost touch with better men. the in tho bush like tue a bit, you'd lose your culture tben! No books, no news, no music, no theatre » here- ' Four intellect would vegetate like mine, jay friend, J feari Sometimes, indeed, Idream again'of the things I used to prtae, the sound of a cultund voice Otice more, the Ajtfih » trniman'tfVwtet - . The majestic roll ol *» organ, the -w*tl of: a, yirtinrr; * ? 1 Here's Bomc;Uiing ri8c in a city be4dfesit« gorrOw a&dBio.; ~ ? . . . . i G, tfci* id a fair stagnation! I've had «nough of i ? . the tfushj ? - ' ? ' ^ \\. ? " I had too much of the vreird white-gum nod the gloomy bottle-brush; I somehow ream tor a lctadreaatwl in place of a. kangaroo, Apri l thiuk they'll see me. h>n)f»to town in the -?( course of * month or two. 1 i IWA£L . isteliureh, K.ZL 