LORD DUFF ERIN ON THE CIVIL SERVICE. AN ELOQUENT SPEECH. The Marquis of Dufferio and Ava presided at the annual dinner thia year of the Civil Service, which was held in the Hotel Cecil, I Loudon. In proposing the toast of " The Civil Servioe," Lord Duflcrin said : When I was honoured j by an invitation to preside at your annual banquet, and saw the liet of distinguished notabilities who had successively occupied thia chair, I felt that I had no claim what- ever to be included in so brilliant a category. But On the other band, I reflected that, justly eminent and famous as were these personages, there waa probably not one of them who had a more extended experience of Her Majesty's Civil Service than myself, who entertained for it s greater admiration pr respect, or who was more sensible of his own personal debt of gratitude towards it. And, in thus alluding to the Civil Servants of thc Crown, I naturally include amongst them not only those whose duties have lain within the limits of the United Bandgoro, bot abo the members of the Diplomatic Service, of the Indian Civil Service, and of the Civil Services of our colonies, whether the scene of their labours be Canada, Australia, South Africa, or any of the other dependencies of Great Britain throughout the world. (Hear, hear.) For all these divisions and subdivisions of our honourable guild are bouDd together by <n identity of effort and motive, which neither clime nor distance, nor the diversity of their several occupations can affect. The one aim and object which each and all have at heart is the honour, the safety, and the welfare cf our sovereign and the mighty Empire over which she rules. The dominating influence which inspires their energies and sustains them during the daily round of their often wearisome tasks is that supreme sense of duty whiqh I have no hesita- tion in saying is a distinctive note in the character of the British race, while the pride in their sectus and their profession, the esprit cte' corps which permeates the entire service, has created for its guidance and conduct such wise traditions, so high a standard of honour, such an atmosphere of incorruptible and disinterested purity, that no taint or suspicion of venality has ever attached itself to any one of its members. Gentlemen, when we surrey the Civil Service as a whole, the popular and widespread sources from which it draws its being, through the medium of our competitive examinations, when we remember the laborious sod complicated duties which it performs, above all, when we consider the way in which it embraces within its delicate filaments every phase of our national life, sustains thc numerous ramifications of our administrative system, and infuses into our body politic that uniformity of purpose and operation which alone can produce consistent results, it may be safely said that no preceding age baa ever contrived a more effective instrument of trnvmrnmmt or A mnrfí MRftfiil nramninatinn Ñor would it be possible for the highly artificial fabric, or the functional activity of Her Majesty's executive, to endure for a single hour if it were not inter- penetrated, stiffened and buttressed by this corroborative force. There are two elements co-cxistent in the conduct of human affairs policy anil administration-but, though the confines of their respective jurisdictions over- lap, the functions ot each must of necessity be exercised within its own domain by its own hierarchy-the one consisting of trained specialists and experts, intimately conversant with the historical traditions of their own de- partment and with the minutest details of the subjects with which they are concerned, the other qualified by their large converse with whatever is influential and intelligent in their own country or on the European Continent, and, above all, by their Parliamentary talents and their tactful appreciation of public opinion, to determine the general lines along which the destinies of their country should be led. (Cheers.) But. these latter, how- ever great their genius, however potent tho Influence they may exercise over the masses of their countrymen, would prove incompetent to embody their ideas in a concrete form, unless supplied with the infinite stores of in- formation, whether historical, vital, or statis- tical, of which you, gentlemen, are the depositaries. Nor, even when with your assistance they have painfully blocked out the rude outline of their measures, would they be able to endow them with the opera- tive energies of living legislative Acts until they have been duly shaped and elaborated under the deft manipulation of your practised hands. Again, this subdivision of labour endows the country with another very real and peculiar advantage, inasmuch as it can apply whatever political talent the ago produces, in whatever wey it pleases, without the freedom i of ¡ta choleo being limited by thc special aptitudes of individual statesmen. A Prime ! Minister, in distributing his Cabinet offices, can pitch his colleagues into whatever ! holes may suit his convenience-(laughter) with the satisfaction of knowing that, undct [ the prudent tutelage of the permanent officials by whioh each department is manned, tho person to whom be confides the post, pro- vided only he ie possessed ot the requisite supply of good sense and general intelligence, will eoon find himself an much at home Tn one office as another. (Laughter.) But not only, thanks to you and to the system you compose, can individual Ministers be changed from out office to another with impunity ; but powci can pass from one Parliamentary party lo thc other and from one sst of Ministers tc i another-I will not say without damage tc the country at largo, for that must ahvayi remain a moot point-bot without the slightest disturbance of ita sensitive administrative system. In fact, thc whole machine continue! to work as smoothly, and perhaps even mort smoothly-(laughter)-during au Interregntm nnJ.r I ho ni"ni»>. nf ll,» m nat on..,-. gctic Cabinet. (Hear, hear.) Hut what ia even more remarkable and altogether contrary to all a priori anticipationa, euch successive Government knows, and thc nation knows, that, no matter what may he tho political complexion of the Administra- tion of tho day, your fidelity, your zeal, your loyalty to thc chiefs successively assigned lo you by thc will of thc people ts as unshaken, as true-hearted, aud as persistent under oue regime as uuder the other. Gentlemen, such an assurance implica the presence of qualities both In you and in thc lirllish nation, of which we are all proud. Thea, if wc turn to thu Indian Civil Servia', what do we sec ? A body of mon actuated by the samo seal, the same patriotism, and the same disinterested motives as yourselves, but work- ing under very different conditions ; for their backs are freauentlv weighted with the double burden o{ thoBO political and administrative duties which at home aro Bcparal ed by Boolear a line of demarcation. Yetscaroely moro than a thousand of them have been found sufficient to conduct the affairs of u population amount- ing to one-fifth of the human race. Living for the moBt part as well-nigh solitary units, lost and smothored amid the alien multitudes around them, they contrive, though one can soarooly tell how, to maintain unquestioned the supremacy of British rulo and British civilisation throughout their enormous juris- dictions, Inspiring the diverse populations which oonnitute their charge with a feeling af a wo and veneration for the Crown, which ia one of the miracles of the age. (Cheers.) Nor must this organisation be regarded as an artificial creation imported ready-made from the mother country. Though modified from time to time by external Exeoutive influences, the Indian Civil Service is a self-developed growth and accretion, with a modus operandi, with traditions, and a gigantic conceptions of industry peculiarly its own. As a result, to those officials like the Viceroys and others who come in contact with it from outside it gives thc impression of a living organism, vitalised in past ages, and continuing in motion through an impetus generated from within, until the humiliating conviction is forced upon us that we ourselves are but ephemeral aocidonte attached for a brief space to the mighty whirring wheel of this extraordinary maohine. What my obligations are lo this noble service to the devoted men working io an obscurity which is seldom penetrated by the sunshine of popular appreciation-(cheers)-and with the knowledge that others will reen where thev bave sown, no words of mine can sufficiently express. (Hear, hear. ) Nor is what I have said of the Civil Service in England, in India, and in the colonies less true of my colleagues in another branch of our confrateruity-I mean thc Diplomatic Service-whom the public is disposed to take far less seriously than it deserves, regarding, at all events its younger members, as a col- lection of good-looking, pleasant young gentlemen, very ornamental in society, but hardly inured to the severe dis- cipline and the woarisome drudgery incident to most other professions. (Laughter.) All I can Bay is that if any of these unapprecia- tive critics were to read the laborious reports of these same young gentlemen, which they are called upon to prepare upon a variety of complicated and difficult subjects, or if they had honoured the Embassy at Constantinople with their presence during my term of office in the Sultan's capital, and had visited the Chancery at tbree or four o'clock in the morn- ing-(hear, hear) -a Chancery which for weeks together was never shut during the twenty four hours-they would have held a different opinion. (Hear, bear.) And yet, even now, I have not touched upon your greatest merit. I daresay in your modesty you yourselves will wonder which it is of your many excellences that I have failed to enumerate. Well, gentlemen, it is this-that in these days of endless platform speechifying and wearisome loquacity, which is lowering the prestige ol the HouBe of Commons and render- ing life a burden to our statesmen, you are a silent folk. Vrou never break the heartB of the reporters with your bad grammar, or exhaust the patience of public audiences with your platitudes. (Laughter.) However hard you work, you do not talk about it. A great city which I recently visited was peopled with statues of dead politicians, and every one of these marble effigies stood in an attitude of violent oratorical gesticulation. (Loud' laughter.) As I passed them one after another I could not help saying to myself, "How little did all this sound and fury mean at the time ; how much less has come of it, and how much greater a share those who, like you, are the muto servants of the state have contributed to the splendour and might of the Empire than those whose resound- ing volubility has filled the air with an evanescent clamour 1" (Cheers.) And now, gentlemen, it only remains for me to thank J'oa for the patience with which you have istened to these imperfect observations. If I have intruded too long upon your attention, you must remember that I am but the ghost of an ex-official revisiting the glimpses of the moon, and that in ascending from the Hades which I inhabit-a Hades whose amaranth and asphodel is represented by the bank notes periodically scattered along the banks of our Acheron by the munificent hands of the Treasury demi-gods-I may at least claim the privilege of those ameaena karena depicted in such pathetic terms by Homer, who, though destitute alike of strength of body and power of will, are still permitted to indulge in a thin garrulity when some accident has brought them again into oontaot with their former friends of flesh and blood who still walk upon the upper earth. (Loud Cheers.) 