Parson Quatle's Letter. " Dear John—Beforethis letter reaches you, I or perhaps along with it, you will receive the' news that tells you what it is. I am 'in,? John. I can say no more than that. ; The doctor tell3 mo that'it may be now or then or at any time, but I am looking for an enlargement soon, and whether it comes to-morrow Bunset or with to-day's next tide, I leave myself in Hishands. in Whose hands , we all are. Well has the wise man said, 'The day of death is better than the day of our birth,' so with all, good will, and what legacy of strength old age has left tome, I send you my last word and message. ■? v' "j "My poor old daughters are sorely stricken, but Glory is still brave and true,- being, as she always was, a quivering bow of steel. People tell me that the poor mother is strong in the girl, and the spirit of the mother's race; but well ,I know the father's stalwart soul sup ports her; and I.pray.God that when ray darlc hour comes her loving and courageous arm may he around me. *? That brings me to the object of my letter.: Thia living will soon be vacant, and I am wondering who will follow in my feeble steps. It is a sweet spot, John. The old church does hot look so ill when the sun shhles on it, : and in the summer time this old'garden is full of fruit and flowers.' Did l ever toll you that Glory was born here ? I never had another i grandchild, and we were great comrades from1 the first. She was a wise and winsome little thing, and I was only an old child myself, so ■ we had many, a run and romp in these grounds together.' When I try to think of the place without her it is a vain'effort, and a painful one; and oven while she was away in your great and wicked Babylon, with its dangers and temptations, her little-'ghost.-seemed.to lurk at the back of every bush and tree, and sometimes it would leap out on . me and laugh. "It is months since I saw your father, but they_ tell me he has lately burnt bis bureau, making one vast bonfire of the gatherings of 20 years. That is not such ill news either, and -maybe, now .the great ado that worked such woe is put by and gone, he would rejoice to see you back at home and open bis hungering arms to you. " But my eyes ache, and my pen is shaking. Farewell! - Farewell 1 Farewell! An old man: leaves von' his blessing, John. God grant that in His own good time we may meet in a blessed paradise, rejoicing in His gracious mercy and all our sins forgiven. ." Adam Quaylb. | 