Jottings by the Way. The imitative Jap has for some time been perpetrating scandalous frauds —from the British point of view, of course—in advertising and soiling inferior goods as British. Seeing that Japan Las been given tho title of " the Britain of the East," why should she not Imitate British grods ? But the " scandalous fraud" his assumed a phase that directly touches Australia, for the gentle Jap has taken to putting up tinned meat, which he presumes to sell as the " real Mackay." Tho label alone, how ever, will give the fraud away, except, per haps, to the Jap 3 themselves, or other ■peakers of " pidgin" English. Here is how the inscription runs. Mark, by the way, that tinned meats are described ob medi cines :—" All the medicines of our com pany used to sell are net only manufac tured of the pure and good materials, but also, unless tho article are Inspected by the superintendent, they are net Eealed. It is true that their quality is best. If there ,w«8 any suspectlon about it trust on the official examination. If, even In the slight est neglect, the result is not good cur com pany should be responsible for it.. Beware the trade-mark sealing wax and wrapper of our company." 'A New York policeman has just failed in an effort to pose as a censor of public mor els and a judge of ktasing, the " Pall Mall Gazette" informs us. He arrested the con ductor of a tramcar and a young woman on a charge of breaking the peace by engaging in a wrestling match. The conductor made an indignant denial, and when asked to ex plain said that the young woman was his sweetheart, and that he was " kissing her 4ood night" when the policeman gathered them in. The policeman sneered at the ex planation, and opined that he knew the dif ference between a kissing and a wrestling match. The magistrate asked him to define the difference, and this request threw the " bobby" on his beam ends. All that he could be induced to say was that he knew something about kissing himself, and was not wholly ignorant of the art of wrestling. •Upon cross-examination he was forced to admit that in his experience he had mot young women who " struggled a bit" before they accepted tho inevitable, but he insisted that none of the struggles degenerated into a wrestling match. The sympathy of the court and public seemed to be with the tram conductor, and the charge was dismissed, much to the disgust of the policeman, who grew almost wild at the insinuation of the defendants' counsel that the arrest was made because the young woman, while she iwas quite willing'to kiss the conductor, had refused to even wrestle with the policeman. The " Warrego Watchman" has an original •tyle of announcing new business men iwhlch is somewhat suggestive of a good •hove-off in a bicycle race. We take a sample : —As will be seen from our business columns, Mr. has launched out in our midst with a stock, station, broker's, and general business agency, and, like Fisher's ghost, has come to stay. Anything re quired, from a side-saddle to a sheep sta tion, or 6s. to £6000, will be supplied to clients with while- you-watt expedition, and Milers having anything from a mother-in law to a Biberlan allotment upon which they desire to realise should consult Mr. it once. However, as the gentleman named thoroughly understands his business, and commands an extensive connection in these parts, we welcome him to our midst as a desirable acquisition to our commercial di rectory, and predict for him a successful career. The writer of " Occasional Notes" in the *' Northern Miner" thinks that Bowen is on the up grade. That this is so, he says, "has lon* been in dispute, even by Townsville, but her rise was not considered to be any thing abnormal for a town with deep water, • Jetty, an occasional cyclone, and sleepy aldermen. That the resource* of the town are solid is shown by the faot that some meat works, the effluvium from which was declared by the Town Clerk as 'too etrong altogether/ and by the inspector of nui sance as ' dat tick you cud cut it wld an axe,' are about to bo cloaed up to conserve the general health ! A year or two ago the whole 'of the inhabitants would have welcomed such an industry, even if It car ried off the whole of the city fathers. As the Bowen people havo now something to live for they are getting aggressively care ful about their health." " Paddy" Slavin is dead. A lot of people will ask who is "Paddy" Slavin ? A very few years ago the athletic world rang with his prowess. Sic transit, &c.; Francis Patrick Slavin was a young Irish Australian of splendid physique, and, like champion Fitzsimmons and lots of other prize punch ers, devoted his talents to the splendid trade of blacksmithing until the temptations of the boxing gloves and the prize ring led him away from the sledge hammer and the anvil. Slavin for some years was closely identified with Queensland. He was work ing at his trade at Charters Towers, then took up boxing as a regular business, and came down to Brisbane. For some time he figured at the Australian Gardens, a sport ing centre occupying the corner where the Deposit Bank buildings stand at the in tersection of Adelaide and Albert streets. He was then a plain, unassuming, young follow, supposed to be full of pluck, and with a splendid constitution. He went South, and became a tip-top fighter ; then be went to England, he fully maintained his reputation, and, there being a London rage on for prize-fighters at the time, he was lionised at the hotel bars and in other public places. He wore a top hat, frock coat, patent leathers, and gloves. He also drank deeply of champagne, and took unto himself a wife, and then a public-house on his own account. He was a warm-hearted, strong-armed, weak-headed man, and the inevitable followed. His muscles lost their great power and his heart its great force. He fought Peter Jackson and was thrashed, and then went downhill as a fighter, and was lionised no more. Now news comes that he has died at the Klondyke diggings in bleak, uncharitable Canada. Vale, Paddy! Among the most paying occupations in the world one may reckon that of an Australian explorer. Of courso he may not always get a fitting reward while he is alive ; but after wards a grateful country comes forward and makes -generous provision for his family. This is what has happened in the case of Wells, who loat his life in the Calvert ex pedition. The Agent-General for South Australia made an appeal to the Australians In England, and a sum of £6> has beon raised ! This is only another proof that Australians, when once their generosity is roußed, carry a thing through in no mean niggardly way. The next question is— What will be the most prudent investment for that money ? Government stock would, we should think, be the best thing ; it is truo that the interest is not large, but then if the trustees of the fund try to get 10 or 12 per cent they might lose the whole of the capital, and this would hardly do justice to the generosity of subscribers. In the correspondence column of " Sydney Truth," in a recent issue, may be seen the fallowing : — " ' Anxious,' Oladcsville. You want to know—we have ice on our brain already—if a mare drops twins, one at 11.59 p.m. on 31st July, ISl>5, and tho other at 12.5 a.m. Ist August, and they get mixed, and the first-born is takca fcr the second, and, 'though being really a three year- old, should win a two-year-old race (n 1597, would it bo disqualified if it was dis covered ? Oh, you'll do ! Wo like a querist like you. No beastly intricate problems ; only simple pertinent questions. Well, now, ' Anxious,' there are two ways of finding out the answer to your question. The first doesn't matter—it relates to the other twin or the mother squeaking ; and there's only one case on record of a hcrse talking—he' was an ass, and belonged to old Balaam. Tho second way is to take 41b. of racing rules, assorted, boll 'em down in gin, add 6oz. of law of primogeniture, filter through a police man's conscience, and take it as often as you feel inclined. You'll soon' know all •bout It. You'll be dead." This Is a description of " a burning Aus tralasian day" by one who has evidently been there. The name of the agreeable locality is not mentioned. We wonder where it is. We suspect—but verb sap. Let us take the description as it is given : —" It was more like a revelation from an other world yesterday than a phenomenally hot day, for when morning broke the town was literally a huge oven, over which the skies hung Inverted in- flaming sheets of brass. The streets were yellow tornadoes of whirling dust, whilst waves of heat, that seemed almost visible, met the discomfited wayfarer everywhere ; and very early in the day many people emphatically protested to have solved the problem of whether life was worth living. The wind was from the north, and the heat from everywhere, and towards 7 o'clock the rays of the sun, which could .only now and then be seen, showing fiery red from the blinding ha*© that enveloped it, beat down still more fiercely. At that hour the thermometer registered 103deg. of heat In the shade, whilst in the sun the mercury showed 148deg. The wind was raging along with great velocity, and when matters were at their most unendurable pass the force of it was registered as fifty-five miles an hour." The " Cairns Pott" very correctly re marks that a mac does not get married every day. " Consequently," says the Northern paper, " it Is not every day a poor beggar ' fall* in' in a manner similar to that of a prominent resident of Pert Douglas, who last Monday took unto himself a wife, the scene of tho important ceremony being the Palace Hotel, Cairns. After the tying of the knot by the parson, the bridegroom as sumed a careless sort of ' Oh, I'm quite used to it' air, and Jocularly remarked to the clergyman, ' Well, Mr. So-and-So, every thing Is fixed up satisfactorily, and there only remains the matter of your fee.' Div- ing Into his pocket he produced an envelope which he handed to the Bky-pilot with the remark, ■ You will find three sovereigns there, sir, which please accept with my best thanks.' ' The parson accepted the package rather reluctantly, giving the best man the Idea that the parcel contained a choice nut of leprosy or something equally horrible. He then opened the envelope, and very gingerly counted the three sovereigns out on the table, and proceeded to paralyse everybody by remarking, ' I don't know what your idea of " satisfactory" is, but my fee is flvo pounds, and I never under any circumstances accept less.' " " Jumping Jehoshaphat, how did th« poor bride and bridegroom feel ?" the " Post,'* continuing, asks. " The parson, however, kuew his man, for the other £2 whb promptly forthcoming, and the atmosphere as quickly brightened. ' I'll call tenders for tho job next time' was the only protest of the Port Douglasite, who then (tne parsorr in tho meantime* having slid) mentioned that his luck with the Church was right out. ' Why, it was only yesterday that I went to church for the first time for many a year, and when the plate started off I re membered that I had thirteen single shillings and one sovereign in my pocket. I didn't care to take the lot out, and publicly fossick round to avoid the sovereign, and I calculated that there were thirteen chances to one about my getting the sovereign if I Just went blindly to work and took out the first coin that came to hand. What was my horror as I dropped the contribution in the bally plate to find that I had parted with the gold. This morning early I called upon the parson, and explained that I had put a pound in the offertory by mistake, but ho told me with a face on him like a stoic " that they never returned anything round about that quarter." Yes, that's six pounds that fellow has had out of me in two days.' And then they filled their glasses and. drank ' success to the Church.' " " Royal Blend," In the " Western Cham pion," indulges in Borne pleasantry at the expense of a certain love-lorn bachelor. He says : " The matrimonial advertisement (other than birth and marriage announce ments) lg not yet a very common institu tion in Quooneland, therefore when I come aoross one I like to give the bachelor all forlorn a leg up If I can, and If by doing so I unfit in some pining damsel to get a hus band I am content* The following ap peared in the papers recently :—• Selector, aged, wishes to meet with woman, not over 46 years of age (no widows^ with a view to matrimony ; must have £40 in cash and be a Protestant. Apply personally or by let ter to Jim, section 10, broad arrow, Ingle wood.' There Is a practical ring about this that does not promise much In the shape of spoons, and the £40 is probably required to assist In purchasing certain articles, of furniture which a single man can do with out. As the advertiser is open to take an applicant up to 46 years of age, he apparent ly does not want a ' giddy young thing,' therefore this is a fine chance for some old maid who .has hitherto been neglected if not forgotten. It is evident, however, that the advertiser has read ' Pickwick,' and seriously taken to heart Sam Welter's ad vics to ' Beware of the widder*' " From " a character sketch" of Mark Twain in the new number of. " The Review of Re views" we learn that this great promoter of laughter in others thinks himself very lucky if for his own part he gets two laushs a month. Here is one afory which amused tolnu. " There was once a contest between a Chicago liar and a St. Louis liar. It was won by the St. Louis man, who began by saying, " There was once upon a time a gentleman in St. Louis——" Whereupon the Chicago man gave up and declared that no one could possibly tell a greater lie than that. Mark Twain's gentle sarcasm at the expense of John Bull in connection with the Jubilee ia worth quoting :—" Victoria (he wrote) reigns over more territory than any other Sovereign in the world's history ever reigned over. Her estate covers a fourth part of the habitable area of the globe, and her subjects number about four hundred mlllioms. It is indeed a mighty estate. And I perceive now that the Eng lish are mentioned in the Bible: ' Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.' " " Niemand," In the "S. D. > Telegraph," thinks that-the aspiring overlander cyclist ought to be suppressed. " Under ordinary circumstances," he says, " he is simply tire some, but when he starts in at cutting the tolegraph wires which connect us with the land from which we sprung he becomes calamitous. The one good' feature about such a proceeding is that until repairs have been effected we have respite from mes sages about how far he has got, and whether he continues to look in the pink of condi tion. But the first thing we get when the line is fixed up again is a series of depress ing particulars how he was overcome in the desert by excesses of potted meat, together with sordid, details about puncturing and breakdowns. Any rank outsider of a wheel man who would come in a bad second in any race with two entries can have his name blazoned through Australia by merely cutting the overland wire. Now that this practice has been begun it is likely to be vulgarised by rank failures. Hitherto the expedient was resorted to by prospectors •nd explorers in distress, who were at least trying to do «om*thlng towards developing the resources of our great interior. There Is a certain sentimental set-off, at least, against our separation from Europe by one of these, but to be cut off because a mere record-breaker gets colic or something is not to be borne." 