SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. . The mysterious disappearance of old Silas tlcdfcrn was a serious matter for Matnie. She had been too loving a niece and too unsophisti cated a girl to indulge in any sordid specula- tions as to wheu her uncle's money was likely to bcoomo hors. She believed that nil ho loft behind him would bo bers some day, ns in the ordiuary oourse of natnre ho ought to die many years before she 'did. Though he was the most notorious old skindlint in that part of the country, he wus her uncle and the only living relative she had. So Mamie felt it to be her duty to love him and tried hor utmost to do so, and to a degree she succeeded. But as for money, and bis money especially, it interested her about as muob as the price of slates or steel nils anywhere on the Pacific slope. ludecd, it was not until her uncle hud dis appeared that the word <k monoy " camo to have any real significance to irfumio Rrdfcrn. It was when she fonnd herself alune in Firdale Hall, with a maid looking to hor for every thing, and Bart Frusher, the siugle labourer her uncle had kept about the piece, wanting eleven shillings as a lull week's wages lawfully duo to him,' that Mamie awakened. She positively had not a shilling. She never had had money. Living thcro at the old Hall, ehe never had wanted any. All things that were needful for hor, her undo had provided. They had come in proper oourse, and Mamie had grown up in that strong faith nf childhood which disposes of all difficulties of wsys and meooa with the confident affirmation ' Father will pay," or " Uncle will pay." Mamie re membered when hor affirmation liad taken the first form, but for seven years psst it bad taken the lust. She bad lived with her uncle for seven yoars. Anil now that be- had gone, she was mistress oi Firdalo, and poorer thau'her maid, who hud recoived n munth's-wagos throe'' weeks before. Her uncle had disappeurcd without leaving any clue as to his whereabouts. Uamio had been spending tho day with Lena Bel Held at Whitethorn Lodge below (ho village. Fordyce, . her maid, had gone nut towards tho close of the | afternoon to make some purchases. When aho left, her muster, Bilas Kedfern, was walk-- : ing up and down the path which led from the, bauk of tho Hall to the road, apparently, absorbed in some matter of importance. But. it was no ordinary, a circumstauca for him to; walk about the Hall mud grounds witlrthat-, pre-occupied air, that-Fordyce thought nothing.' of it, but-wont on'her way towsrds'lhe village. That was tho last that was seen of-Silas Red- fern alive. Every effort to discover. him, living.er dead, hud hitherto failed. It was uow fire mouths, since he had disappeared. Them wasnoevir denceof his death, and there wes uo-reason lo snpposo that he bad-made swuy with himself;. And what deepened tile mystery surrounding-; his disappearance was that no will or papers ! beariug upon the Pirdalo Hall- estate-could bo- found. Every roam aud-box and drawer was ransacked, but nn paper of legal value was dis covered, Mamie knew thut-i.o had had.-pack- agts of documents. Hu.bad been in-the-habit. of sptnding hours with thorn in a little room; . which opoued into his bedroom on the first. flour. Xuero were three large trunks and a- I writing desk in this room, and Mamio was under' , the impression that her uacle had kept -the' , papers in the trunks. But wheu they came. to- be examined they were fonnd to contain rub-' bish, worn-out clothiug, and old bed coverings .-Which wero dropping to pieces from old age.- There was not a vestige of paper or parchment in-npy ot them. Hot only bad Bilas Redfern disappeared, ' but bis papers had disappeared, too. Everyone believed that he was dead, but -all! Sorts to discover his body had proved fruitless,. Under tho oloen scrutiny to which Fordyce -was! subjected, the girl was seized with an ungovern able terror. The ideas of death, of marder, of ' nnknown horrors filled her with dread. She btcame hysterical, sad refused to stay another night in Firdale Hall, Her fear was contagious. - 'Mamio quickly caught.it, und was consumed by u sense of indescribable horrors. She, too,! declared that sbo could not remain longer at the i Hail. It seemed to bo hauated by a legion of evil spirits which pervaded its very utmoj- phcre. So Thomas Bollleld, Lena BelfieldV 'father, look pity on her, and look Mamie her self to Whitethorn Lodge to spoad a few weehs with Lenu, and to see what Timo would reveal; Though a porfeot isueoeut as regards money matters and tho affairs of business life, Mamie Redfern was one of the most popular girls for miles round. She was sixteen, as vivacious ns a spricg breeze, nud the mischievous member of the Firdale tennis club. Thcro were, at least, three follows of the club who had designs on Mamie, but tho oulyoue who found her at all responsive was Walter Marston, the son cf a rusticating irou- merohsut. As soon as Walter began to pgy serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone that ho was the first aud only favourite. Tho other two suitors accord ingly stood off like honourable moo, and left Mamie to Walter. Aud from that timo the village looked upon her as properly appropri ated. Those who wero intimate with Walter Marston congratulated him upon his good for tune in baviog secured Mamie. Those who were not intimate with him envied him aud said that aorao pcoplo ware " always in luck's way." No one wes more concerned over Silua Ued- fr in's disappearance than Welter Marston. It cuuscd him many a sleepless uight.snd the pri vate inquiries ha instituted cost him a con- siderable amount of money. He saw the awk ward position in' which the disappearance of Mamie's unoie and the family papers hud left her. He determined, thorefore, that no trouble or rxpeuse he could command should bo spared in the effort to olear up (he mystery. Walter and I had long been fast friends. Our tastes were alike, aod as our houses were not far apart we were frequently fannd Bt eaoh other's abodo. Besides, there was an attraction for me at Tho Rowans, tho homo of the Mars- tons, which would have accounted for my fre quent presence there had Walter been in tho Antipodes. Ho had a very engaging sister, whoso Dame was Alice, and by common gossip Alice Marston and I wore to be united in holy matrimony. Bo the truth of that what it might,' I confess to having been with Alioo Marston in tho conservatory at Tho Rowans ono lovely evening in July. She bad taken me in to look at a vino which, under her attentioo, had he- eomo one of the finest iu the district, I had properly admired tho delicate plant, nil paid Alice every permissible compliment for briogiug it into ouch .a remarkably healthy .red proline state, when our conversation turned opon Mamie Redfern and the disappearance of her uuole. I noticed that Alice laid down the light pair ol shears she had taken up, und that she sud denly stood still, looking very grave. " What's tho matter, Alice ?" I said, startlod by tho charge which had eomo over hor. " Clem I Do you know what I thiuk about it Y' She spoko very deliberately. What, Alice ¥" I was all attoution. " I believe that Mr. Redfern ia aomawhere in that house. If he had mado away with himself outside, they would have found him. He's in tbo huuso. 1 feci sure of it," " Whit mikes you think so, AJice P" ."I've thought . ao for a mouth new. One night last week I was dreaming about Mamie and the Hsll, 1 drosmt that I saw Mr. Redfern dUioo twice to the window of the little room at pointed with his right hand," "Fainted ! How F Where ?" I gasped. " Towards tbo othor side ; towards the mid dle of the bousa over the front entrance. I saw him as plainly as I see you. I'm sure he ia somewhere in there. D. ro you go in and see, Olom ?" " Due I ? Aye, a hundred times. But tbo place has beou ransacked very nearly that," I said, excited by what she had told mo. I turnod tbo matter over in ray mind, and re- callod every circumstance which hud come to light beariug upon Mr. Radfern's movements up tu (he ttnte of his disnppesraucc. The mure I thought over it the morn straugu it seemed to me that, it (load, his body should uot havo been louud. There was no deep water any where within three miles of Firdale Hall. There wore livo pits which served as watering places for osttlu, sad there had all been care fully dragged. The police were satisfied that Mr. Redrern's body was uot in any of them. Bo that everything pointed to him beiug above ground cither alivo or dcud ; yet up to that timo there had not been u siogle duo discovered as to his whereabouts. The more I thought or it, the more reasonable did Alien's supponitiou become that the nurs ing man was still in his owu bouse. 1 deter mined that 1 would tell Waiter Marston what his sister bad said aud ask him to join me in a thorough exploration of Firdale Hnll. " By juvo 1 laok at that now ! Tho very same thought has been hnmitieg my mind for a fort night pasc," Walter explained, whua I told bim ot Alice's suspicion. So he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore tlio Hall, and wo arranged to do so on the following morning. Firdale Hall was a plain, substantially-built placo standing iu its own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a Utile to the south cf Firdalo village. A row of trees shielded the upper paitof the Hall from obseivutiou.and left its oniy architectural feature iu viuw from tho toad. This was a pillared portieobefore tho front entrance, wbieh served to relieve tho monotony of the plain red brick front. Except fur the sioging of the birds, the place was as still aa tho grave wheu Walter aud 1 walked op to. tho front door. Wo had quito Qvo miaotaa' fumble each before we could got-, tho rusly hoy properly iuto the lock, as the front door had not been opened for n»uly three months. Old Mrs. Corkhill, who spout two daysaaoh week ic tho lioiiaediieting aud attend ing to tho furniture, used a small aide door to enter- anil leave. We, however, deoided that -we would enter by the. front, us wo thought tho placu-wuulil be all the sweeter tu ourselves if we set tho-large front door wido open to admit the air. How still everything was ! Not as much as the scralobiug cf a mouse could be hoard as no stood iu'ibc first room on the grouud floor. Far a moment wo remained perfectly motionless, .paying a kiad of'iuvoluut-sry deference to the -place which bad been the home of Mamie Reri- fcro. The old pictures upon tho walla wero itoo faded for thoirsubjeotstobe distinguishable, -foriSilaa Redfern would as soon have thought of, .giving bis life us of spending moucy upuu fur- .bishing up whut-hu regarded as useless incum brances, He -had not placed them there, hut: -many a-timahohad-hemouned tho folly of those fwho had- squandered good- money over doing ao. We went through the boueo from ground floor- 'to roof. Every room we could find waa carc- -fullyoxamined, and ovory box or article of-furni- .turaiffhichcoeld'-'have contained as much aa the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough that wo would have 'risked'our lircs; upon its completeness. There was one thing which -had sent a ehill through me the moment we'reachcd'tko top ot itbe stairs loading to the first floor. I had do- "tected a peculiar odour whioh ray mind im- -mediately associated with the body of Silas- -Redforu. Walter did not notice it, so I put it 'dawn to fanoy. Our search- was fruitless. 1 I proposed that wo should go outside again- aad taku another good look at the house. Walter readily assented, so we went to the hull and thon out by the front door, whioh wo had left open. We stood back on the grass beyond the gravel- 'walk to obtain a better view of-the frontage. "Alice said thnt in her..drca<n he oamu twiou', 'to that window, and psintcd-to the middle of; tue house over the front entrance, ''-I remarked,' as wo stood'vsinly locking for some cluu. " That would mean somewhere about thu staira," Walter anBircred, Unittiug hisbrows aa if thinking bard. " The staira, eh ! There might bo something iu that. Let us go and havo auolher look4 round," I said," a vague, uneasy feeling coming over mo. We went from bottom .to top. of. -the house, aud examined every landing, with tho same reault as before. " Well, we may give it up as a bad job," said Walter, as we slowly oamo down uu to tho first' floor landing. I had just stepped on to the lunding, and turned to go along'to the Orst'fligbt of stairs. I wus on tho paint of assenting to Walter'p re-' murk, wbsn- my eye caught tight cf something which aroused my curiosity. It had never' struck me beioro, -arid'Waltor had-evidentiy uut yet noticed that hntween the-well' aud the stairs' wo had just come down anckthe nearest wall of1 thu room which stood next tu the stairs on that- side, there was a short length of-wall measuring-1 ubout four feet and forming the '-side or the' lauding. It occurred to me that I had never seen any-'' thing in the room on either aida- af tho .I-..'-. corresponding with -the short wall, nor.yet-witli the width of the stairs theuselvos. I should huvo expected to find u docp closet or u small room under the stairs, but I ouuld not recall baviog seen a traco of either, " Here , come back ! There's something, I'm nut satisfied about," I said, turning buck to tbo room beyond the stnira, I oxamined thn null oloaoly. It had an old paper on which was un-' broken, Tbnrenas no indiostion of any room or receia renuing under tho stairs on that aide. I wont back slong the landing into the room on tho other side of tho strirs. It, too, was papered, 1 ran my band over the side nearest the stairs, hut found nothing to excite sua- picion. Tho paper was iutuot, and tho wail seemed firm enough when tupped by my knuckle, " What an eaith are yon after ?" Walter; asked. Ho bail looked on blankly while I: pasiod my band over the paper of the wall. "Soe,"I said, "From tho for side of the stairs to this wall ia about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet. Wbat'a in between the two walls P" . r. " The staira," he answered, simply. " Nonaenae ! Thoydon'ttake up a third of it. There's apace. They don't build. twolvs- by-sovoa of solid brieks. I want'to know what's in there," I said, excitedly . We went baohwards and forwards from one room to tho othor, but no trace of an aperture could wo find or any mark which would indicate- a possible opeuiog. Hero was a mystery, but one I was dolermiuod to solve if I bad to bring in workmen to break through tho wall. We wont up tho otairs aud along the upper landing, but atlll thoto-waa ao traco peroeptiblo of any opening. ' I was more than ever con vinced, though, that under anil beyond these stairs lay enough spaco to form a small ohambor, aod I meant to get into it somehow. I was on the pulnt of leaving tho placo with the intention of briogiog back n bricklayer, when nn idea occurred to me. doing to the top of tho stiip, I came slowly down baok- wards, grasping eaoh step as! came; sna trying' to raise or dislodge it. Not a step mdvod. I got to tho bottom and grasped the edge of tho lowest step. I was exasperated at the failure of my last soliome, and gave a vindic tive tug ut the woodwork, To my consterna tion, half of sbo flight of ' stairs-seemed to dis appear, aod 1 fell forward into a yawning cavity where an instant before tbo stairs had bceu. Walter saw me fall and heard my shout, and tried to drag mu back, hut the momentum I had attainod through thu jcik had given at tho stop carried me away from bim. Before he could make a second grab at mo I had struck a flour, but, beyond tho feeling of the Bharp cou- cujsioo, I wns unhurt. 1 roso quickly to my foot and looked borora mu. I was in a narrow and dimly-lighted room. Loolnog round I saw that the stairway was still open, and that thu lower half of tho stairs waa somohow auspondod upwards. " Come in ; there's a good floor ; wo shall find somutliing here," I said to Waller. Ho stooped and came in to where I stood, Ttcu we slowly ndvnnsod towards the end of tho ohambrr. We had only made three stops forward when wo simultaneously stoppod and gripped each other. At tlio end of the chamber stood a hugn cbost, tho massive lid of which we could seo waa raised shout three inches, In front of the cheat, kuceliugby it, was a human Form, its huad and shoulders boing hidden by the heavy lid whioh had closed down upon them. Gnu glauco suffloed to conrince us that tho mystery ot Bilas Rcdfera's disappearance was solved. Wo knew that, the Itneoling form, trapped, as it were, by tho ponderous lid of tho chest before us, was the mortal romsina of Mamie's uncle. Wo' advanced to the ohest and raised tho lid. Thi-u we'drew hack the distorted form, orooked like tho letter S and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to tbo boards with a thud which nearly uuneived us. The chest waa one cf tbo massive old- fuabioned-struoture of heavy, iron bands, bolts, and solid oak, such aa are mot with in old coiratry eburohas as depositaries of parish rolls and registers. It wax nearly half full of documents, and contained three small hags in which were £297 in gold. Everything was clear as wo looked at that huge box and theu-at the erooked form before us, The room was the spaco under the stairs aud between tho other two rooms.Tbe only ontrance was that' by which we bad come. To enable it to be used, tho lower part of the stairs had beou made to laisu upward, a counterpoise being attached at the upper eud beyoiid-the bar nhiffi served as a-pivot for it to owing upon, It was this couutorpoiie which caused tbo stops lo remain suspended iu. the air after I had first jerked them up.,Such, light as there was in thu room csmn- down from n littl- window iu thu back wall of the house, which wc ofterwirds fouud was bidden from outsido observation by a skeleton uiceou-cotc without n roof beine mmncmlcrl in front of-it, biitsuifiaiintly-far from tho glusa to allow the-ligbt to enter. All the deeds of tbe-Rcdfcrn properties were found arranged with scrupulous cure in the chest wo hud discovered. Silas Rodferu had .used the chumbor as his secret room, aud had lerideully- taken the opportunity of Mamio and Fordyce being away from the liouso to enter-it for-tho purpose of exsmioiog eomo of HLc-pu|H-rs or of adding more gold to his etoro. Tho-lid'bad evidently fallen down upon him nnd nlonncd him, and he had sunk fortvordinfo -the uliest-tu bo held by. the cruel grip of tho lid .until death first, and thou- we, released - bim. M'araie was legally entitled to everything. Weitaor-she nor l'orcjyoa-had any knowledge -or suvpil-ion-of theexisteucoef'tho secret chamber, and what we told tliem about it made it im possible. lor either of them to live again in Fir dale Hall. In twelve months Walter Marston led Mamio do the altar.and'ihcn took-ber to the now liouso -hslf-a-mile below The Rowans, where Fordyce joiucd-hor agein. Firdalo Hail remained untenanted, and gradually sank into decay. It is now used as a granary and for stabling, and'tho'simple folk of the district aver that at turns a figure may be eronntthe ruined window at the south corner, and' that' it ia the ghost of Silss'Re'dforu. 