f m j f ^Y^fWftmg ^ / / ) TT/) Tf CI OC/vTc/tf/ • • Holmbv House, Toorak. WEDNESDAY. • R PEAK MAB,—His Excellency the Governor \- inn guest of Sir John Madden at bis fine m.fy residence, " Yamala," Frankston, l«st ,-uiday, and in the evening was presmt at a ! , ert in the local hall. Mies to. Watts, of ' .jacnl^iyh," had organised the entertainment aid tf Sc. PaUi's Chuich, and Lord Brcs;ey ..vi; a recital from Byron's " Childe Harold,'' and •.,; read a letter from Her Majesty the Queen. ! , Su-.day His Excellency assumed the lowly i-ii-e. t>t cuiale at Sr. Puui'sChurch, and read the , „n?, in which his fine sonorous voice was Htly admired by the large congregation. ;: ; re was no need for Sir John Madden to tell !!.(- Governor that Frankston has the lead for ! :i!ty. How couldic be otherwise with so many r v,- people living tnere P i it Friday the Governor and Lady Brassey •,u] i'-ttook the serious task of entertaining four tU'u.-and State school scholars for an afternoon. 1 j,js is tbe third ji-e of the kind which Lord and I,,,!v Brassey have given, and it is likely to be r^j-irded by tbe present Governor's successors/ amu*l function, for ni ont^r or more^ J.l-a^ing m-ith. dot r^n.ienng State scholars loyal ••'••ii id be dt-iired. Mr Skinners waiters had a t.-'irfully busy afternoon with the Governor's juvenile guest?, but the rush for refreshments wast,,i worse than the waiters experienced at the last cMrih-n party. If, as Pressor Kernot maintains, t'liMrf is limited capacity of the skull fi r crsmliiiiiir, the same cannot be true of juvenile digesin,- organs, and the popular Professor should teen some of the children stowing away e<K; and lemonade on Friday afternoon. Asa id.i-i who likes to see young people enjoy thems.-ii Hs he would have felt pleased. As a scientist l-,n would have betn aghast to seethe many juvenile atVi'iopt^ at recklesB cramming of food—happily without disastrous results. It seems we have been ahead of jLondon with our "society" tea rooms. It is said that the dev''loDmeut of tea shops in the neighbourhood r.t Bond-street and Piccadilly is quite extraordinary, and the fashion of ladies taking men friends for afternoon tea is a new custom which is very popular. The tea roome, as in Melbourne, are managed by ladies who earn tlifcir own living, and do not mind acting the part of waitresses to their own particular friends, or to any middle class youth and maiden who happen t> ozonise Eociety tea rooms. The system of tipi'urig waitresses largely obtains in London, and wc'juiyhave it some day in Melbourne. But iiu-.ir.HH for a moment the horror of our pretty Ur-iie.- if some handsome English tourist or aiiiiveur cricketer should offer her a sixpenny tip, Hnd the subsequent confusion of the cn-t naar on discovering that the good old Liudou institution is unknown amongst Mell>iumn business women. A very fetching Melbourne girl who made her thiTitrical debut in the coronation scene in ' The Prisoner of Zenda," and was a mott graceful walking lady, his retired from the stage more in sorrow than in anger. She felt herself a born soubiHtte. but a stern management gave no chaucu of the public seeing the lady in short ekirts and hearing her in a patter song, and she lvis divided to return to the humdrum of private ]lfe. la ;i leading town of the Western Diptrict wat. r is so scarce that the du6t on shop floors 1ns u. be laid with lemonade, and it is quite to watch Bma 1 boys standing at the f rou ^ door watching such awful waste and hoping thui rnie of the lemonade will be splashed toeir way. ill you pass tne that serviette, please? 1 ' Fail', commercial traveller at a country hotel to a v, ithy but shabby resident-who sat opposite. He i;wd about the lavishly decorated table. 1 vainly amongst glass and cutlery, but did EBOm seein to observe « a BnnBjv snowy Rerviette serviette eUi, •ately folded into the form of a water li'y. 'J .i • •I'r. see any," he remarked politely. ''Its ju.t your right hand,'' 6aid the commercial t ra \ -r impatiently. "Oh! this fancy dish Cloti. Well, they you you never never know buow what fancy ^ names ^ rich '11 these things nowadays," grumbled the tabk n as he passed the serviette across the intm find wondered what the other fellow 1 to do with it. Art ;-ts are ever superstitious, and one of Emily ol'l-t.- s fads is table rapping. She induces the abl- shake to some effect, however, for on her ^^ i. vovage to Australia it told her the run for he. ---ing day and enabled her to scoop the lUu H also told coianer her wnere a lost ring lay • *nd, ae Miss Soldene says, what could be iuctical than that? K- •Soldene, whose gossipy, smartly-wril ten ; "1 reminiscences made such an impression v. i ile ago, has some interesting chat about members of Wilson Barrett's Company, Mr. Jawes Carter Edwaids gives one tbe improseion thav he has spent many years playing rhe ghost in " Hamlet. >J According to Miss Soidene Mr. Carter LHwards is a man who doesn't believe in anything bu^. a bank balance. He is a heavy, solemn pergon vith no stage affectations and frivolities. Mr. Charles Jtsmes Cathcart, a nephew of our Mr. Cathead, is one of the dressiest men in the company, always spruce and sparkling with something ex eptional in bovtonmires. Mr. Catbcart comes oi a racing family, and is of the sport. Mr. Ambrose Manning began to act at the early age of sevau in pantomime as a black beetle, and doubltd the part with a head of celery. He spent sorno years in the piinting loft, but returned to the footlights again. Mr. Edward Irwin is the son ot Sir George Irwin, of Leeds, Yorkshire, ana his talents as an amateur reciter brought him into immediate notice on tte stage. Mr. Horace Hodges is & son of Sydney Hodges, the portrait painter who nad the distinguished honour of painting the Bishop of Adelaide. It is a good thing to paint Australian Bishops so that we can remember teem when they aie away en thrse holidiys which Bishop Goe alone does not take. Mr. T. Wigney Percyval also dabbles in music and painting, lives chiefly for golf, and has never been seen without an eyeglass. Of the ladies Miss Sold-jne says Miss Daisy Belmore is one of those bright personalities that catch on with everybody and everything at a moment's notice. Gay and breezy in manners, tall and fair, dazzling!y fair with a Scandinavian fairness absolutely fliwk- ss, her appearance is most attractive. Looking at her one thinks of youth and hope and gaiety and per feet''health and high spiiirs and all the pleasant things that come in spring. To be sure large mouth, but what of th*t? It, is &j; ftrm,ngly^ut;inou8, full of mischief and beaati- ^^jjy wjjite teetb. To be sure she will laugh out j 0ud,'ib,loud, so high (about C in alt., a laugh that j utls u'p the 'rigging and lingeis in echoing ^ 12 o^lock at night, and make sleepy tuin ti'i»mblin£ in their berths Hut wh^t f that? Then,astheticpeople say she walks like grenadier, big long steps and aswing of tbe firm, hite and prettily rounded shoulders. This fair ascinator fays that as a baby she was the petted \- —. p".""" ... ^ " " ' ^ t . i . ~...i»- that 8h EC e'never OR.^16 - . , . . _ wore shoes or stockings or a high bodice until he was quite " growed up.' ^ . , , 1 1 Miss Daisy Belmore, in pink, certainly looked a piquant—if stalwart—vision on Saturday nignr, and I noticed that when she came on an tno men in the Princess circle reached tor tneir opera classes. It was worth their troubJe. Many women on Saturday night dwelt with varying degrees of emotion on Mr. Wilson- Barrett's dress as Claudian Ij >s «vident that the age of the delete costumes f^ men has arrived with " Claudian," and that ladies; are n longer to have a monopoly of that sort ot thing^ Cl^d.an s ^ga ekirc or Wt or d ape o^ day Balarrmnglybre , itfl eure tbftfc , ou should be here " but the girls said that th ty didll. t mind if tb eir mother didn't. , , , t Women are so advanced that I ^ U ^t be at all surprised, during the Wilson Birrett season to fee front rows of the jeserved stalls filled with elderly wives and spinsters, who will yo for ideas in evmwg dress fur men, and insist on husbands aid brothers driSrirg like Claudian. A Scotch lady declares ihat lier coun ry's national dress for men hod its origin m the Roman toga, only, she adds, Scotchmen, on account of a colder climare, have lengthened the kilt considerably In " Tbe Manxman " we may see Mr; Wilson Barrett in kilts, and he should look magnificent in them. " Enquirer" writes to ask where a good day's fishing can be got in creek or river, and how a- few cyclists, ladies included, might enjoy the day in such a way. At Mordialloc, a mile or so djwn the creek, there is taiily good fibbing, and eels at Carrutn Swamp, b- twien Mordiall- e and Frankston, but the road for cycling is not too good at present. However, if Mr. Wiaggi's thunderstorm comes along, rain will improve the road considerably. Tne cieek at Keilor—the roid to which is parfect, and only ten miles from the G^nfral Post Office—is always good for fishing, and tnose who care to lide twenty miles to Werribea over a level and fairly good road will hive no trouble in discovering favouiite sp.its of the Victorian Angl-rs' Society, and probahly will meet some ot tnose enthusiasts dovn there. Tne Clerk of Parlitmeat, Mr. CJso. Jenkins, spends part of his holidays at Healesville, where trout abound?, and if the water is not exactly " sthitT wid utn, : ' to quote a Hibernian angler, there are sufficient to eatist'y ordinary amateurc. If, however, ladies are to accompany "Eaquuec" I presume he does not want to fish too seriously. In that case a run to Aspendale Park, _ _ a mile _ 60u'h of Mordialloc, should be pleasant for the ladies, and no one need bother to take fishinc lines. n ' Mrs. Potter does not like rhe English climate and when she Lvt wrote was suffering from a severe cold. The company have played to immense matinee audiences at Brighton and the Crystal Palace, and latt month they were about to start for a tour of the provinces with " C inr- lotte Corday " and "CamilR" Mr. Bellew and Mrs. Potter have been offered a ten weekf, engagement to play in Germany and Russia. The manager of the State 1 heatre who made this offer says r.r.TTo that ft^af "no l( nn young irrtnfKT Shakespeare RhnVflQnAQTC woman nrnmntl star fifar wit.hr Wlf-.rl beauty, frocks and who can act has ever beenf through Germany." and he thinks Mrs. Potter would be a ceitain success. If they go, Henry ^ w m probab]y 3oin the compally. Mr. Abud, Mrg potter, g preRent manager, wants her to play ftt Pcial high-priced maf/nces in Manchester and Kirmi hain> "Ob, thefogs!" writes Mrs. Potter. "I have never bfen used to th< m Canada and New York cold weather is delightful and Rplendid in comparison with the dreadfully dreary London weather, which ruins one's frocks apd curls one up with a chilly do'pair." With her artistic BUCCOBB in"Francillon" Mrs, Potter is well satisfied, and has had nice letters of congratulation ffom From the Pfince Prince rf of Wa, Wales, egi the ^ Duke fl of Connaught, C.MMMM Sir Henry Henrv Irving, Lady Ladv 8neroft, George Al Pxander, and that most important person, Clement Scott. A.l of these reat people hope Mrs. Pottar will not leave London now for any length of time.—Yours ever, MINETTA. THK entertainment Lord and L»dy Brassey rovided for tin children attending the sixth class in t l ie State schools and the C*tboiic and Jewish schools was even more euccesiful this year tli-in tnat of previous years. The two things that the average juvenile most delights in are a picnic and a circus. At the picnic there must be lots of food to make th>j youngsters happy, and at the circus the clowning must be first-class. It is said by an expert tnat to provide a suflliient quantity of tucker for boys at a picnic a safe rule is to procure ttvice as much as me boys would be expected to eat, and then add rxaetly tbe same quantity. Lord and Lady BrasseV-must have followed this advice, for no one who did not fcnow a boy's capacity for eating and drinking at a picnic would have dreamt of oht-iining such a profusion of cakes and m ated drinks as were<*ervt datGjvern ment. House last Friday. Plenty of amusementwere also provid-sd for the scholars Circus pers formances, raci s, merry-go rounds, <fcc., kept the whole cf the fmr or live tuonsand young guests in good humour, and they all lett thoroughly delighted with tie magnificent hospitality of Lird and Lidy Bra-sey. The pupils'annual yonceitof Mrs. LandellB and Miss Une's pupils (Hi wksburn Ladies' Training School) took place at the New Town Hall, P.ahran, on Thursday, Hi;h December. Notwithstanding the intense heat of that evening, a large company was present to hear a very interesting programme. Piano soli sand duets were most creditably lendered by Miss Urie's pupils, who gave practical proof of earnest study. They were the Mis=es K. btephens, Lily Snriiuptm, Annie Ferrier (who gained tbe music priz-), Lottie Andereon, Elsie Meakin, M. lnrrell, Mii O Brien, Agnes Blair, Annie Meakin, 1. and N. Moffatt, Violet Rose. Tne little girlB of the Kindergarten looked very pret'y in their whits frocks, and the small boys|wore white sailor suits. The juvenile performers rocited in unison, and Bang " La Claire La Lune" in French, and in English, "Christmas Morning" and "Twelve Little Mothers " with great success. Miss Turnlull's pupils rpceived grfat applbuse for their gymnastic exercises. A. song, "Like This 1 ' (with tableaux), was given by ihe elder girls, who sang well and posed cleverly. Tbe tableau of "Great Britain" was enthusiastically applauded. Miss __ Elaine Macdonnld was a splfndid- looking . Britannia, with MIPS Maggie Spefdie as Scotland ; Miss Ruby Rell. England ; and Miss Millie M'Arly, Ireland. The elocution and reading prize, presented by Mis3 Nellie Veitch, was wrn by Miss Elaine Macdonald. who has gained the elocution prize for three consecutive years. Her recital, "The Irrepressible Boy," was given with murh humour, and she was encored. Miss Mai O'Brien recited Lawson'sdramatic poem, "Taking Hi" Chance." The performance concluded with a cantata, "Autumn's Queen." Mies Winifred Orr was the Quepn, and her attendants were Mus E. Cawsey, R Bell, A. Rlair and Muritl Scott. Others represented (he four seasonp. Mrs. Landells read the annual report, and specially thanked Dr. and Mrs. Clendinnen for donations to the prize funds. The prizes weie distributed by Mr. George Maxwell, who as usual was an effective and agreeable plitform speaker. Talma Photo. A JAPANESE TRIO. 