[?] EpiLv:BOMO¥A¥. CHAPTER VII. Lady Barbara shakes ber head, but hesitates, and then waves her hands to wards a dainty little writing-table. ? ' The matter does not lie in my . hands,' she1 says. 'Miss Donovan is completely her own mistress, and seems quito fixed in her determination not to granD you an interview. ; Should you, however,?care to venture a last appeal,' . wnto a few lines, and I will send them up to her.' Jack eagerly avails', himself of this permission, and when .the automaton in livery* whose duty it is to answer the -dining-room' bell, presents himself, Lady Barbara hands him the sealed note, di recting him to give it at oneo to Miss Donovan's maid-and wait a reply. ' I hope that your very natural suspi ^ cion aBiio piy interference in-tbis matter i will tibw' be' disarmed,' observes her lady ship, the ghost of a smile upon her thin patrician face. ; Jaokibows. To tell the truth, he is, at this moment, quite incapable of hold ing any sustained conversation ; there fore, his companion seeing this, and pitying his embarrassment^ only make9 a few cursory remarks upon indifferent topic?, in an easy well-bred manner, and 43 the said remarks simply require mono syllabic replies, Jack finds himself, at .-liberty to listen, with strained cars, for 'tho coming of that light footfall which he Would have known amongst ten thousl and; ... ..'.'She, will not — she cannot refuse to 'see me,' was, the burden of his thoughts'; but, alas ! when the . automaton returns, toe-simply brings a verbal message — ? ''jMiss Donovan's compliments ; she is dressing for a flower-show, and can not see anyone to-day.' - Deeply mortified, and with a: crushed heart, although outwardly calm and dig nified, Jack thanks Lady Barbara for her courtesy, and would have simply bowed himself out of the room, had not her ladyship graciously extended her jew ellgdcfirigera, ati impulse of friendliness fot'''Which she.'' Herself cannot vory well account. ! # ' * Q ' Two years have passed since beautiful; Phyllis Donovan loft her home in the lit-; tie out-of-the-way Irish village to take up her abode in stately halls among the great and rich of this, world— too long, '?uneventful years to those left behind; Martha, and the Eector feel her loss just as keenly now as upon the day she went! from them, taking all t! e joy and bright ness from their humdrum existence. ' - Sitting together in the shady garden, at the close of a summer day, or beford the winter fire, these two often talk it over— how suddenly Phyl had decided to go to her grandfather, and how, when they re minded her that Jack would be home so soon, she had coolly informed them that she ? had no idea of sacriiicing such brilliant prospects for the sake of mar rying the captain of a merchant vessel ; while, dearly as she. is still loved by them, they can scarcely, even now, for give'her, for having so cruelly wounded that faithful heart, and feel almost thank ful'for lier. prolonged'absence. How quickly she had grown hard and cynical — writing them such cold, worldly wise letters, with oqly now and then, a careless word of affection, the remem brance of which, however, they treasure upinr their hearts ; but she keeps them roll supplied with all the society jour nals .which, record the brilliant successes, the sayings and doings, tbe dress, the jewels, and splendid matrimonial pros pects of, Lord Arglyn's beautiful. grand- daughter and heiress, and, as Martba patiently wades through their columns, she wonders if this exalted, almost deified being can indeed be their own sweet, impulsive Phyl — the merry romp, whose highest idea of bliss had been to light a fire upon the seashore, and cook the scrambling al fresco meal she de lighted in. her. father since they assisted at these delightful repasts, and laughed at the manner in which Phyl imperiously ordered her stalwart, bearded lover about, and' how meekly bo obeyed her behests. Well, all this took place two years ago, and Phyl is now the idol of an ultra-fashionable, set — even Royalty has condescended to admire that witchery of manner which is still more fascinating than her beauty; while' a solitary man, wboba3 grown aged and melancholy looking before bis time, dwells at The Bird's Nest; shunning as' much as pos sible the society of bis fellow-creaturos. Contrary to all expectations, Jack Haviland, had persisted in his resolve to give up his profession, and, to tho great surprise of his foster-parents, came to dwell at Dunowen, but not with them ; nor did he ever allude to his broken en gagement except upon one occasion, when he showed Mrs. Masters the let ter that had troll-nigh broken bis heart. Tbo old captain and his wife, howover, refused to join in the bitter vituperation which their daughter was wont to heap upon the absent Phyl, persisting in their opinion : that ' there must bo a mistake somowbere, for neither of them could be hove their favorito guilty of such cruel, heartless conduct ; and Mrs. Masters urged Jack to go again to London and demand an explanation from Phyl, while tho captain declared^ in his own homely way, that one interview would be better than all the letter-writing in the world ; but; -hke .most diffident men, Jack Havi land was very sensitive by nature, and tho worthy couple soon realised that he shrank with positiva pain from even the slightest allusion to his lovb affair. Ho and the Rectory people, little by little, grew to avoid one another, as if by tacit consent, although the Canon would fain havo continued their friendly rela tions, and good,' kind Martha longed to tell Jack bow much she regretted her sister's conduct j: but, perceiving that he has a morbid horror of encountering either of them, both father and daughter think it wiser to -fall in with his wishes, and consequently they seldom meet, although such near noighbors. Shortly after Jack Haviland had settled down in his new home Mrs. Masters contracted a cold, from which she never recovered, and, after a short illness, joinod tho great majority, leav ing the poor captain to the touder mercies of his daughter, who had grown so capricious in temper, so sharp and dictatorial, that when, in a few short months, - death called him also, the old man felt unfeigncdly glad to leave a world which had suddenly grown so dark and dreary. It may be^ perhaps, that two lonely beings insensibly seek each other's socioty, or because Judith. Masters never speaks of tbe past or tries to sympathise with him, that Jack seems to take pleasure in her company ; and at length, after many, months, tbe good people of Dunowen are not in the least surprised to hear that the recluse at The Bird's Nest is about to marry the pale, quiet woman with whom ho is so frequently seen walking. . Yes. Judith Masters has at length al most accomplished the clowning desire of her life ; but, if anyone ever tasted all the bitterness of Dead Sea fruit, she does, for, added to the remembrance of having stepped down from her pedestal of womanly dignity in order to suggest that Jack should link his fate with hers, is the consciousness that, while he had in the past bestowed brotherly affection upon her, he is now cold and constrained in manner, even occasionally regarding her with something like disgust ; but, notwithstanding all this, Judith would cheerfully have waded through seas of blood if, by doing so, she could bind with indissoluble fetters the man for whom she has conceived such a wild and overwhelming passion. {To be Continued.') breakfast-supper; EPPS'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK. 