CAMPBELLTOWN PAST AND PRESENT. GRAVES OF '98 MEN. (By Our Special Reporter.) My readers, I am sure, will pardon a little diver- gence from my Northern tour when I explain that I want to take them to the graves of departed heroes, the present being a fitting time, now that a movement is on foot to perpetuate the memory of those brave men. I have just seen the extracts in last week's Freeman from Judge Therry's ' New South Wales,' in which the writer refers to the graves of Bryan and O'Connor in the Campbell - town cemetery. I may be permitted to give a correct version, as I visited the old burying-ground only a few days ago. This old cemetery — one of the oldest, if not the oldest, in the colony — is situated at the back of the Good Samaritan Convent, once the old Catholic church, but now remodelled and formed into a beautiful convent. "God's Acre" is immediately at the rear of this, and here is indeed a commingling of the present with the past. The sun was just sinking in the West when I entered this hallowed spot. The last rays dart across the Western horizon momentarily suffusing the valleys below and the hills beyond with a golden glow, and the purple and amber streaks were reflected back from the chancel windows of the convent, crowning the Campbelltown heights. Like the Druidical monuments of old, stand here in every conceivable shape the monuments and head stones — "The solemn, silent spectres of bygone days, Altars or graves." Some of the headstones are broken off, others being sunk into the graves with the railing dismantled. And here in the waning light I try to discern the names of some who were buried here. Perhaps one of the oldest is John Masterson, died 1827, aged 64. Then we come to that quaint inscription on Ruse's (pro- perly Rouse's) grave, which, despite the hallowed precincts, must provoke a smile. It goes thus : — "Gloria in axcelsis." Sacred to the memory of James Ruse, who departed this life Sept. 5, in the year of Houre Lord, 1837. Natef of Cornwell, and arived in this coleney by the Forst Fleet, aged 77. "My mother reared me tenderley, With me she took much paines ; And when I arrived in the collney I sow'd the Forst grain, and now With my Heavenly Father I hope for over to remain." I thought at first this might have been perpre trated by a wag, as the writing itself was good, but I found that the chiselling had been done by a con vict — who were very good at it, but were obviously bad spellers. But stop and uncover your heads, ye exiled sons of Erin! We now approach the graves of some of those gallent men who struck out for liberty in your downtrodden country across the trackless seas. A granite slab covers the remains of those heroes of '98, and it now bears the impress of time upon it, for it is old and weatherbeaten, and the inscriptions, though not quite obliterated, are diffi cult to make out ; but as near as I could decipher this is what the slab says : — To the memory of Nicholas Bryan, aged 55. Mr. John Fowler, May 9th, 1833, aged 71. Rest in Peace. Mr.Thomas Connor. Whose death happened accidentally. January 13th, 1835, aged 68. All sent out on that, unfortunate business of '98. May the Lord have Mercy on their souls. Then we come to the tomb of Hugh Byrne, who came out with Michael Dwyer, but, like the patriot Robert Emmet, he left instructions when dying that his name was not to be inscribed on his tomb till his beloved country was free. Miss Doyle (Byrne), sister of Dwyer's wife (Mary), also lies here. I found the grave of another '98 man here — Thomas Bourke, who was the second buried in the cemetery. It was little wonder, therefore, as I wandered amongst the graves where rest the bones of those ill- fated champions of a country's liberty on this mellow October evening, with no sound to break the stillness of the gathering twilight save the Angelus bell or the subdued voices of the Sisters chanting out a Litany, that "A flood of thoughts came o'er me." Poor sorrowful Erin ! Her exiled sons lie buried here, with nought save strangers' hands to tend their lonely mounds. I looked in vain for a flower or even a fern to take away with me. I am pleased to see, however, that although the graves are some what neglected those who lie beneath are not entirely forgotten. John Nearn, too, grandfather, I think, to John Canvin, of Braidwood, is also buried in the colony. But what has become of "Antrim Jack" ; did he come out here? Other graves of well-known colonists are here, namely, Patrick Hurley, who died in 1856, and his wife, Kate Winifred, who died in 1858. Michael Dwyer, Hugh Byrne, and Bourke, being above the ordinary stamp, were not treated as convicts. They were placed in charge of gangs of men. Dwyer, as is known, was sent to Liverpool, Bourke to Campbell town — then Boomerycurene settlement, and Hugh Byrne to Minto. They got afterwards that which is termed in military parlance parole d'honneur, acquired possession of a good deal of land, and be- came prosperous. Numerous relatives of these brave men still remain. Mr. P. B. Hurley, J.P., and Coroner at Campbelltown, is a grandson of Hugh Byrne ; and Bourke was the great-grandfather of Mr. Bourke, of Bulli ; and other well- known and leading people of the colony are descendants of these gallant heroes. MORE CAMPBELLTOWN MEMORIES. Campbelltown has such a history that I will hardly have space to tell my readers what the pre sent town is like, for although the changes have been great, old landmarks meet you at every turn. The old English church, the second oldest in the colony, still stands, and the old Catholic church, built on the hill is now, as I have said, remodelled and turned into a convent. In these two churches nearly all the old families of any note have been married or christened, and in every town over the colony, especially down South, one is constantly stumbling against Campbelltown people or their descendants. Very few of the originals are left, but I had the good fortune to meet and have a chat with old Mr. Brown, who is now 84 years of age, still hale and hearty, with his memory unimpaired. He looks as if he will have a good "cut" for the century. Mr. Brown arrived in Campbelltown in the 'thirties.' The place was nearly all bush then, and blacks and kangaroos roamed at their sweet will over what is now the town. "Indeed," said the old gentleman smilingly, "I had an old bullock named 'Star' which I used for carting wood and water, and the old fellow would bolt every time he saw a blackfellow named Bumble." One of the first houses was where O'Shaughnessy, the grocer, now is. It then belonged to Brown, a blacksmith. It was built before '37. There was a public-house where the new courthouse now stands. The Government gave the ground where the Club Hotel stands to a man named Hammond (a bush lawyer) in exchange for the courthouse; a house at the southern end of the town belonged to Micky Byrnes, a publican, and "Nannie" Byrnes, who was married three times, and each time to a Byrne or Burns, built what is now known as the Grammar School. Arnold's store used to be a public-house. St. Patrick's school was the first denominational school in the colony. "My word," said the old man, "things were pretty lively in those days. They used to hunt the hounds." The Allmans, Eitzroys, Colonel Waddy, and Captain Battye were great enthusiasts, I was told, and rode the best of horses. There were great horsemen about in the early days, and I was also informed that they used to have grand races at Minto, and "it was astonishing" said my informant, "where the crowds came from." Campbelltown, it is said, derived its name from Lady Macquarie, her maiden name being Campbell, and the town was so called out of compliment to this lady. It was one time called the Boomerycu rene settlement, and the district was frequently spoken of as the Cow Pasture. It was from Camp belltown that Hamilton, Hume, Hovell, and Fitz patrick, started on their expedition to Port Phillip, and it was the lastnamed who cut the niche in the tree now known as "Hovell's Tree," on the banks of the Murray at Albury. He also, I was told, dug the first grave in Campbelltown. The mother of "Jimmy" Tyson is buried in the Church of England cemetery at Campbelltown, and Neale the millionaire, recently deceased, was a native of this place. FISHER'S GHOST. "What about Fisher's Ghost?" I asked, for I know that a description of Campbelltown without their ghost would be incomplete." Oh, the ghost was there all right," exclaimed the old fellow with vehemence. "But you don't believe all that rot about horses refusing to pass the spot at night, do you?" "I do," reiterated the old gentleman; "for the same thing happened to myself." That settled it. I may give the details briefly. Fisher lived at a store where Chinnock's is now. He was supposed to have gone home to England for a trip, and Wor rall, his mate, always spoke of him as coming back soon, so that no suspicion was aroused. Worrall had been selling Fisher's cattle and horses, but still no one doubted but that Fisher was away taking a spell. A man, however, who was a friend of Fisher's, had been playing cards one night at Pat rick's pub, and was late going home. He had, besides, imbibed rather freely of the wine that was red, and had just passed Fieldhouse's, when he saw Fisher sitting on the fence near the creek. The man spoke to Fisher, and the latter pointed into the creek, and then, like all respectable ghosts who know their business, disappeared into space. The man, of course, was terrified. His hair stood on end like "the quills on the fretful porcupine," but he lost no time in getting back to the hotel, and fell into the place in a swoon. When he recovered, and had completely exercised the spirits gene rated at Patrick's bar, he told his tale. A blacktracker was procured from Glenlee and brought to the spot, and when he came to the part of the creek (a few panels below Fieldhouse's), whither the ghost had pointed, he said, "White man down there." Fisher's body was found, Worrall confessed to the murder, and was hanged. Who knows but there may have been some thing in the ghost theory, some phenomenon, how ever, that we do not yet understand? But anyhow Campbelltown people swear by their ghost, and it has become part of the history of the place, aye, of the colony, "And do you remember any more interesting incidents, Mr. Brown?" Well, no, not at pre sent, except, perhaps, an incident about Joe Shepley and a coffin.'' Ugh, more ghosts ; I feel glad it is broad daylight; Joe was a painter, and he used to take a "wee drap" when he felt un well, so he went to Fieldhouse's (then a pub near where the store is now), and the missus said, "Come and sit down, Joe, near the fire, and I'll give you some hot grog." Well, whether before or after taking the grog, my deponent knoweth not (I was careful, to ask the question), but Joe stated that he had dreamed a dream the previous night. "You know the coffin up in the loft?" (How the coffin got there I will tell you afterwards.) "Well, I thought," said Joe, "they got me to write the name on the plate. I did so. And when I came to look, I said what a fool I must be. I have put my own name on the plate." Now, I should have given this part of the story first, but this is the way I got it : A man named Ashcroft, thinking, no doubt, to take time by the forelock, had ordered a man named Jones, to measure him for a coffin. Ashcroft lived at Glenlee, and Jones was taking it out when Ashcroft's son's ordered it to be sent back. Ashcroft then: sajd it was to be used for the first poor man that died. Joe Shepley died two nights after his dream. If I had had another old hand present with Mr. Brown I might have got a lot of interesting matter, for Mr. Brown was also at the Gundagai flood. He said he saw 70 horses being swept down by the flood waters. He helped to bury 26 of the people who had been drowned. Mr. Brown paid a blackfellow £1 to get a man off a tree. The man was a stranger to him. The latter repaid this grateful, act by trying to get his benefactor into trouble. Another exemplification of the saying that if you rescue; a man from drowning he will live to work you an injury. Another story goes that a planter (South American, I presume) used to follow hounds here with his wife, and when he got her it is said she was put in one scale and her weight in gold in another. I would like to get one of the strapping lllawarra girls on the same terms. I have met a few recently who, I am sure, are worth their weight in gold. As I will not have space in this issue for a description of Campbelltown at the pre sent day, I will incorporate it with a few more remi niscences in another article a little later on. In my next I will continue my Northern tour with a brief sketch of Merriwa and Muswellbrook. KILLEEVY. 