CONFERENCE OF SUNDAY- SCHOOL TEACHERS. ADDRESSES BY REVS. C. D. BU CHANAN AND T. E. CLOUSTON. A! conference of Sabbath, school teachers was held In St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Phil lip-street, last night. The Rev. J. Ferguson pre sided, lu Uie absence of the Moderator (through illness). The Rev. T. E. Clouston delivered au address on the qualifications of the Sabbath school teacher. Ho said that any person who was not a fool, and who was conscientious enough to en deavor to fulfil tho duties of tho position, was competent to be a Sabbath school teacher. Ho would not prevent an unconverted young man or young woman from being a teacher. It seemed to him that if an unconverted young man or woman set to work in tho proper spirit to try and fulfil the duties of a Sabbath school teacher they would either be converted very soon or they would give up teaching. With regard to education, a teacher need not be more than, one lesson ahead of the scholars, though, of course, It was desirable that they should be several les sons ahead of them. A teacher should be 'ond of children; should be possesed of a desire to do something for Christ; and thero should bo an earnest resolve in the hearts of them all to act as conscientiously in tboir conduct towards their classes as they would if they wished to especially please an employer in the ordinary walks of life. They should be regular and punctual in their attendance, aud should always be prepared with their lessons. Above all, they should endeavor to possess tho gift of the Holy Ghost, without which their work would not be successful. The Rev. G. D. Buchanan said that Sabbath school teachers ought to get from the pulpit, from the home, and from the community gener ally much more encouragemeut than they did. They were a mighty power In the laud. They formed a bond of unity round the world stronger and more important than any other which could be conceived. As each Sabbath came round the same lessons were taken up by the various schools in different parts of the world, and the honor of belonging to the great union or Sab bath school teachers which carried out this work should be regarded as being greater than mem bership of the Parliament of a Commonwealth, or even of the General Assembly. The Fabbath school teacher brought refinement to their homes, manliness to their youth, and strength and se curity to the world. He suggested that they might follow the American system, and spend their holidays iu conference on Sunday school work. In this way they would spend their time much more profitably than many of them did at present. The addresses were followed by an animated discussion, in which several superintendents and teachers took part. 