My Creed. As other men have creeds, so I have mine; I keep the holy faith in God and man, And in tbe Angels mioistrant between. I h >ld to one true church of all true souls, Whose churchly seal is neither bread nor wine, Nor laying on of hands, nor holy oil, But only the anointing of God's grace. I hate all kings, and caste, and rank of birth; For all the sons of man are sons of God; Nor limps a beggar but is nobly bom; Nor wears a slave a yoke, nor czar a crown, That makes him less or more than just a man. I love my country and her righteous cause; So dare I not keep silent of her Bin; And after Freedom, may her bells ring Peaee!, I love one woman with a holy fire, Whom I revere as priestess of my house; I stand with wondering awe before my babes, Till they rebuke me to a nobler life: I keep a faithful friendship with my friend, Whom loyally I serve before myself. I lock my lips too cl se to speak a lie; I wash my hands too white to touch a bribe; I owe no man a debt I cannot pay- Except the love that man should always owe. Withal, each day, befor^ the blessed heaven, I open wide the chambers of my soal, And pray the Holy Ghost to enter in. Thus reads the fair confession of my faith So crossed with contradiction? by my life That now may God forgive flie written lje! Yet still, by help of Him who helpetn men I face two worlds, and fear not life nor death 1 Father! lead me by Thy hand! Amen. —Theodore Filton. A representative meeting of mining men in Sydney appointed a committee to take step* to resist any application to the Registrar of Patents by the Australian Gold Recovery Company in connection with the tre&tmont; of tailings by the cyanide process. An address will be adopted by the Federal Convention for presentation to the Queen, congratulating her Majesty on the completion of tbe sixtieth year of her reign. The annual report just presented by the Cyclists' Union in Sydney is of a very favourable character, and the membership now numbers over 800. Lord Brassey, Governor of Victoria, who is an ardent Federalist, intends to visit Adelaide to attend the sittings of the Federal Convention. The opposition is increasing among the .Radical ring of the Government supporters in New Zealand to the sending of a military contingent to England. 