Jottings by the Way. If there is anything in reflected glory the brig Phillis ought to be happy, and per- haps Queensland with her. It is a very doubtful "perhaps." The Orient heroism is something to cheer over, and this colony with the rest threw up a broad- brimmed straw hat over the episode. To that extent the first cause of the enthusiasm may be held as satisfactory as the bold dash of Mr. Ranken and his men to succour the dis- tressed vessel ; for the Phillis set out from Rockhampton, and Queensland may be said to be at the bottom of it all. But the sub- sequent career of the Phillis does not pro- vide much material for glory. We are too much reminded by her vagrom ways of our politicians in Hobart, where they are the sport of the winds and the waves, unvic- tualled, derelict. The plight of the Phillis is the plight of Sir Hugh Nelson and Mr. Byrnes over federation. They have no union food on board, although the colony they represent is brimful of it, and they are tossing about on the Federal Council while everybody else is thinking of the Conven- tion. Still, of the Phillis it may be said that she has done remarkably well. To weather the gales an she did, and to fight her way South in spite of everything shows that her master and crew must be sailors of the right sort. We are told that at present she has a stormy and weather-beaten appear- ance, and seems to have come creditably through her fearful experiences. It is easy to believe so much. For the rest we think that life in Australian waters is tending to make our men hard and resourceful. If more of them should be able to find the sea a profitable pasture the equipment of the coming Australian squadron—manned, at any rate, if not wholly paid for, by these colonies—will be easy ; and who knows, but the coming nation may follow the lines of the earlier Americans and send ships into every port, noted for their swiftness and smart crews. Perhaps the Phillis is rather a slender peg to hang so much upon ; but, under the shadow of the great Orient with her Australian first officer and British sea- men, we seem to see plenty of room for development. A few weeks ago this journal published a " Note" stating that the Minister for Agriculture was disinclined to send ex- hibits of Queensland products to Germany. It now appears this statement arose from a misapprehension. When the matter was first placed before Mr. Thynne some older correspondence from Mr. Ruthning to the Government, giving certain details, had, through an omission, not reached the Minister. Mr. Thynne at the time re- quired this information, and a delay and some correspondence occurred, which gave rise to the misapprehension referred to. We are glad to be able to say that Mr. Thynne fully sees the importance of ex- hibiting at the Museum at Stuttgart, which is a permanent exhibition devoted exclu- sively to commerce and industry, and doing immense service in the expansion of Ger- man trade. The Government of this colony seems to be going " full speed ahead" in bidding for population and markets. It is to be hoped our people will follow suit, and make the exhibition of Queensland pro- ducts at Stuttgart a truly representative one alike creditable to this colony as pro- ductive of business and immigration. A correspondent of one of the Eastern papers says :—You have some "lurid" cricket reporters in Hongkong to whom " fine writing" comes as natural as falling off a log. Let me recommend to them a perusal of the following American report of the match between the Australian XI. and Philadelphia when the colonials won by an innings and 71 runs : —" Gory scalps dangle from their belts, and they shout the wild war songs of their land. The kangaroo wears a smile that wreathes round the back of his neck, and he smacks his lips with loud agricultural reports. His pyramidal style of architecture is much distended about the middle story, and he has the air of saying, ' Ha ! I've swallowed a canary.' Trumble, whose outline sug- gests an attenuated obelisk, tied himself in two hard knots last night, and had to be untangled with a marlin spike. When he is very joyful he has a startling way of wearing true lovers' knots in thoughtless contortions, and Captain Trott has been compelled to carry a veteran sailorman with the team to take the kinks out of Trumble." There are several loafing scoundrels knocking about Charters Towers just at present, pretending to be looking for work, and proffering to do odd jobs for their tucker. The " Mining Standard" says that " in each instance they visit the houses when the men are absent, and attempt to put their schemes into operation by black- mailing defenceless women. An instance has recently come under our notice, where a man went to a house, and, after pleading terrible distress, begged to be allowed to do some work about the place for his tucker. The lady of the house, having in- cidentally mentioned that her husband was away, the loafer continued to hang about the place, until the lady, becoming uneasy, gave him 12s., and told him she did not further want him, and she thought the mat- ter ended, and she was glad to have got fid of the nuisance. This took place a few weeks ago. Imagine her surprise yesterday on receiving a lawyer's letter, demanding £4 wages due, which he has not the ghost of a show of getting, and he would be wise to refrain from proceeding further." What a difference in tone between the comment of the Cooktown "Independent" and the Cairns "Morning Post" on Chinese opera! The former paper says:—"On Satur- day evening in the Federal Hall the resi- dents of Cooktown will be able to enjoy a novelty in the shape of a real Chinese opera with Chinese music, scenery, dresses, and actors and actresses. The company have been playing in Southern towns with con- siderable success, and even curiosity should induce a large attendance. The music of the Chinese should not be judged by the public performances of some of their hands, the members which independently tried to make the most impressive noise. Some of their love lays are said to be soft and melo- dious. The opera company comprises seve- ral talented actors and singers who are well worth hearing, while the trained orchestra will give a favourable specimen of Chinese music. The "Morning Post" editor remarks on this that he "is almost inclined to search the advertising columns of the Cooktown journal. They surely must contain an opera advertisement." Does it mean that his paper got no advertisements? The West Australians are trying to con- nect Butler with their Bardoc mystery. It appears that "in September, 1894, when the excitement over finding new gold rushes in Western Australia was at its height, three prospectors in what is now known as the Bardoc district came across a man who was apparently working a spot by himself. He was filling a hole, and as the new- comers approached he walked towards them, and on inquiry as to what luck he had led them away to another corner, saying that his mate had met with better fortune, and offered to point the way. After directing the prospectors the single miner left, and no account has since been given of him. Of course the gold seekers found nothing for their pains, and, returning on the following morning, proceeded to unearth the place where they had first met the stranger. They did not search long before they struck more than they bargained for —a dead body. A hue and cry was raised, and information was sent to the Coolgardie police, who came out, and after diligent inquiry discovered— nothing." Mr. C. Burbidge, "one of the original prospectors of the Milo mine, South Aus- tralia, was in McDonald's camp, which was the first at Bardoc, when the ghastly dis- covery was made, and he is of opinion from the position in which the body was found, the fact that Butler, alias Harwood, &c.;, the Glenbrook murderer, was supposed to be in Western Australia at the time, and the other circumstances of the murder, that all the terrible deeds were done by the same hand. He thinks that the suggestion of a digger present at the unearthing of the body should have been carried into effect, as there were no means of identification— that was to take the head into Coolgardie, and photograph it. That was not done, and as far as he knows nothing more was found out. The depth of the hole was about 3ft., and the man had been struck with a pick on the head from behind appar- ently while in the trench examining a piece of stone with a microscope. The supposi- tion at the time was that the murder was committed by a tall German, who was rather fresh-coloured. The description of Butler given to the police, however, does not agree with that, as it states that he is an Englishman, about 40 years of age, with dark hair. Mr. Burbidge inclines to the belief that suspicion was thrown on to an innocent person to cover the retreat of the perpetrator of the crime." A London daily has an idea that " antl- Romanists will hear with regret that there is just now among the paupers under the charge of the Lambeth Guardians a general rush towards the Roman Catholic religion. This is due not to any profound study of doctrinal points, or even to increased exer- tions in the priesthood to obtain proselytes, but to the simple announcement that in fu- ture Roman Catholic paupers will have an extra half-holiday every Wednesday in order to attend mass. Since then the great majority of the inmates, who formerly were stanch Protestants prepared to maintain at all hazards the orthodoxy of the Thirty- nine Articles, have suddenly become con- vinced that the Pope is the real shepherd, and have accordingly put their names down as Roman Catholics. If Paris was worth a mass to a King, surely a half-holiday is worth one to a pauper. But it is curious that there has been no extra demand for sitting accommodation in the local chapels at the Wednesday services. Where do the humble 'verts go? These people are very astute. They reckon on an agitation among Protestants for a similar privilege to those professing that branch of faith, and by a judicious manipulation of conversions they think they may be able to increase their half-holidays indefinitely." The same journal humorously remarks that "a police magistrate is called on to per- form many duties of a delicate kind, but he can hardly be expected to court another man's wife, even with the laudable object of bringing her back to her husband, who is too bashful and coy to do a second turn at sweethearting. In the opinion of an ap- plicant to Mr. Dickinson, of the Thames district, such procedure is included in magisterial duty. The lonely husband in- formed the bench that, after four years' marriage, he lately went to live with his father-in-law, and now his wife had turned against him. Mr. Dickinson : ' You have a remedy. Take rooms for your wife and yourself elsewhere.' Applicant : ' But she refuses to come ; what am I to do ?' Mr. Dickinson : ' Take her for a walk, promise her a new hat, and talk nicely to her.' Ap- plicant : ' Suppose she won't come ?' Mr. Dickinson: 'You courted her and won her. Surely your tongue has not lost all its per- suasive power ?' Applicant : ' I know she won't come.' Mr. Dickinson : ' Then I can- not help you. If you have such a faint heart you will never win your fair lady.' Perhaps the worthy magistrate had a shrewd suspicion that the husband, in his innermost heart, was secretly glad to be rid of his partner, and merely wished some sympathy from a high quarter." A Northern contemporary sadly re- marks that "whenever Queensland squat- ters have only a little frozen meat to sell prices are 'riz,' but when they are send- ing home huge consignments prices are ' bust.' Just now a squatter selling frozen beef in London would net nearly £5." The Rockhampton " Record" is not alto- gether satisfied with Mr. Railway Com- missioner Gray's steamer for the Glad- stone-Rockhampton passenger trade, and thus relieves its feelings :—When honest John Mathieson talked of running 20-knot steamers between Gladstone and Rock- hampton he drew heavily on his imagina- tion, not an uncommon practice of our late Chief Commissioner. Mr. Gray does not so draw, but sticks to his word, at any rate so far as his Ministerial chief will allow him to do so. But the 140-foot 12- knot 2ft. draught boat will not be a plea- sant carrier across the bay in a gale of wind. We hope Commissioner Gray will not incur the charge of manslaughter for taking people into rough water in so crazy a craft. From shoemaker to mineowner is a big lift in the social scale. We are told that " some fourteen years ago, when the Queensland Government was spending thousands a year in assisted emigration, a Mr. Usher, of Bristol, was amongst those who were fascinated by the glowing ac- counts of the colony as set forth by the Government lecturer, Mr. Randall—who, by the way, has been commissioned to make another tour of the United Kingdom, and is shortly expected in London from Bris- bane. Mr. Usher came out with his wife and family, and after spending some time at Rockhampton. moved up country, and for years lived a hard life in the bush seeking for gold. His capital of £2000 odd, which he took with him, was lost in speculation, but he worked away with a will and ultimately discovered, on the Crocodile Mountains, a very valuable de- posit, which, after working tor some years, he sold to a London company for £10,000 cash and 22,000 shares. The mine has been named the Mount Usher, and before the end of this year the fortunate discoverer expects to be recovering some £500 a month in dividends. On arriving at Bristol in November last, Mr. Usher at once pro- ceeded to the place of his birth, and so overjoyed was his aged mother at seeing her boy again, and to hear of his success, that she was struck with paralysis, and is not expected to live." Here is a valuable hint for backers who bet with bookmakers and cannot obtain money or satisfaction otherwise :—On Satur- day evening a very funny incident took place in Kalgoorlie (says the Coolgardie "Miner"). A young man there had backed Cremorne for the Caulfleld Cup on the day of the race. On applying for his money, the bookmaker, suspecting that the backer knew the result before he backed the horse, refused to pay him. There was a shindy, but the backer got no satisfaction. He made repeated applications for his cash, but all with the like result. By last Satur- day night he lost all patience, and borrow- ing a bell he went up and down the town for two hours as a bellman, and loudly in- formed the inhabitants of Kalgoorlie that it was no use betting with ———, as he did not pay when he lost. The fun was greatly enjoyed by a large crowd, and that local bookie's business is sure to suffer by the incident. "General Sir Robert Biddulph, K.C.B., G.C.M.G.." says the " Dally News," " Governor of Gibraltar, arrived at Ply- mouth on board the P. and O. steamer Cale- donia, which arrived from Bombay, and came on to London by train." On which " Punch" remarks :—" What with motor cars that stick in the mud whilst the pro- moters empty the pockets of confiding speculators ; what with water- wheels that stop out all night ; what with the new Brighton Railway that is neither boat nor railway carriage, we are coming to great things in locomotion. But this perform- ance of the Caledonia beats all. Fancy a vessel of 8000 tons, just arrived from Bom- bay, quietly taking the train, going on to London, probably dining at its club, and looking in at the theatre afterwards !" The attached paragraph is from " Rey- nolds's Newspaper," one of the English weekly journals with a large circulation amongst the inhabitants and rural popu- lation in town and country :—Mr. W. G. Higgs, the editor of the " Bris- bane Worker," Brisbane, Queensland, writes to me a timely letter of warning on the efforts being made by the Queensland Go- vernment to foster immigration. He says three lecturers have been appointed to come to England to paint in glowing colours the advantages to be gained by emigrating to the colony. Intending emigrants should know, remarks Mr. Higgs, that in order to keep down the wages of Queensland workers and of emigrants who may be inveigled into going there the Government have estab- lished a fund to aid in the legal importa- tion of the Kanaka natives into the colony. They receive from £6 to £10 for the first three years and then from £18 to £25 a year for future hiring, thus helping to lower the wages paid to the whites, and decreas- ing the prosperity of almost everybody but the big financiers of Queensland and Eng- land. It is a significant fact that there is a workhouse at Dunwich (Brisbane), where the accommodation is not nearly sufficient to meet the requirements of those who are out of work. Following the practice of going from home to hear news, we extract the follow- ing from the " Torquay Gazette" of 9th December :—" Every child in Australia who is not supported by parents becomes a ward of the State, and is paid a pension for support, and placed in a private family, where board and clothes are provided until the fourteenth birthday. After that he may be able to go to work, in which case the pension is placed to his credit until the age of 18, when he becomes a citizen, with a balance due to him from the State to begin life with. This inculcates a humane, charitable, and responsible spirit in all residents, decreases the chance of pauperism, and places every young man on a fair and square footing with the world." Mr. Wallace Nelson, who runs the "People's Paper," a Labour journal in Rockhampton, writes:—"lt is with deep pain that I have to inform my readers that there are serious signs of the Labour party in Parliament becoming hopelessly corrupted. Lately a number of most suspicious facts have come to light, and something ought to be done. It appears that on one occasion Mr. Thomas Glassey—once the trusted tribune of the people—was heard to wish Mr. Tozer 'Good evening' in a tone that was evidently not sarcastic, but actually indicated that the Labour leader was ex- pressing his real sentiments. On another occasion John Michael Cross, despite his pretended belief in State- banking, was dis- tinctly observed to borrow a match from Sir Hugh Muir Nelson; while at another time Anderson Dawson, according to most reliable authority, was seen to light his pipe at the Attorney-General's cigar, and to subsequently smoke the said pipe for a con- siderable time with evident satisfaction." "But," says the Premier's namesake, "the most serious charge of all is that pre- ferred against John Plumper Hoolan. That gentleman, it is really alleged, was seen for more than five minutes in earnest con- versation with the Minister for Mines, dur- ing which conversation the member for Burke and Mr. Philp frequently used the same spittoon. Those are serious facts, and conclusively prove that a dastardly plot is being entered into to destroy the Labour party, and to establish a bastard Ministry composed of renegade Labour members and disappointed Ministerialists. I write this solely in the interest of the solidarity of the Labour party." At the last meeting of the Maryborough Municipal Council, as reported by the "Chronicle," "Alderman Kinne referred to the fact that a number of trains, especially the excursion trains to Pialba from Gympie, Bundaberg, &c.;, passed through without calling in at Maryborough. He thought the council should take note of the matter with a view to having all trains call at Maryborough. They had to move in this matter some years ago, when an attempt was made to run the Brisbane mail through Croydon Junction without coming into Maryborough." To which one of the Bun- daberg papers replies;—"lf this aldermanic proposition be a fair sample of the wisdom that governs the sister town, we should say from this consideration alone the railway authorities act wisely in not taking our people into Maryborough. It is a piece of stupid, greedy parochialism that would dis- grace a village vestry. We would quite enjoy half-an-hour of 'Mathieson on Kinne's System of Railway Mismanagement,' and how to make State interests subservient to parish interests. It is nothing to Alderman Kinne that our children and other excur- sionists who want to enjoy the briny breezes of Pialba and book therefore should be taken out of their way to take a smell of Mary- borough, and then back again another nine miles to get rid of it—eighteen miles out of their way—to gratify an alderman of Mary- borough who evidently regards it as the hub of the universe, 'from which all things do proceed.' It is only fair to say that the Mayor and the other aldermen did not fall in with Alderman Kinne's proposal to move the railway authorities—to laughter." "If so appalling a calamity as a war between England and France should occur" (says the " Standard's" Paris correspondent), " England would have to meet a most serious enemy. No words can be too high, I am informed on competent authority, to do justice to the efficiency of French naval officers and seamen. Still they are, I am led to suppose, not quite up to the English mark. A French naval officer who was at the Kiel naval display at the opening of the canal told me how sur- prised all naval men were at the entrance of the British Squadron in the harbour or roadstead. While the vessels of all other nations let down boats to carry out hawsers to the quays appointed for their anchorage, the British ships steamed close up, dropped a couple of men from the bows or bowsprit, who made the huge fabric fast to its an- chorage in a couple of minutes. The naval officers of all other countries who were present were astonished at the quiet, smart, orderly way in which this tour de force was performed. None but British sailors could do it. That was the verdict of my French friend." Miss Ellen Terry's parents were both of her profession. She was born while they were touring in the English provinces, somewhere in Coventry ; but as Mr. and Mrs. Terry left without a distinct recol- lection of the locality, local inhabitants wrangle over the honour of dwelling be- neath the roof which first sheltered the great actress. 