Short Story. The Haunted Hut. Founded on Fact By OH'RIS. DAHL. (Written for tho ' Evening Observer.') Will Warlelgih mid myself lrad been out shooting all the afternoon, and when ? the evening shadows began to hide the scenery from our eyes, and the birJs had ceased calling, we gathered to gether some wood and lit a fire. From a waitoi'holo near by wo filled tlio ' hilly,' and as the roaring flames sprang up we pulled a log over near the fire nnd sat down for a rest und to en joy tlio warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was soon boiled, aud I mode some tea while Will got ready some bread aud potted meat and jam that we had brought with us. After tea I made up the lire, piling a few big sticks on— for t,hero w.a* plenty of dead wood lying about where we hud camped— aud then wo stretched our selves out comfortably. We had been i reclining at ease for ten minutes, per- 1 ihaps, and had not spoken. It was too monotonous, I thought, for neltliei' of us iliad complained of weariness, so, turn ing to Will I said : i 'Will* old man, toll men yarn. Some- i thing about your old bush days, , if you can.' -* ' Well,' .ho replied, slowly turning to wards me, ?' I l'eel almost too lazy to i talk, and 1 could bask in front of this i lire all ii/lght without moving, -like' ai cat. But 1 will try and splu you a. yarn i of my droving days If it will. interest i you.' . - I ' Flro ahead,'' I answered. ' That's i just the sort of a yarn to interest, we.' i He cleared his tihroat, pushed a piece | of wood further into. £he tire with, his foot, and then began : ' It's about ten years ago now, and I remember' ir as well us if it was only yesterday. I: was droving a small mob of cattle, a'lid my mate not being quite ready when. 1 started I decided to. go without him,: leaving him to catch up to me oil the morrow, it was a cloudy sky all -day, and when towards night time it commenced to rain I was not at all surprised. I put on iny olk'kln when it : first started to 'conic down, but it :.»va& miserable riding Iu the rain, ilow ever, we drovers are accustomed to take t'ldugs pretty, philosophically, and with my pipe turned upside down I rude be hind the cattle, patiently waiting till I reached : the camming ground for the i night— some three miles furtiherou. My' way. 'there, however, Just cut through, the curiier of : a run, and ahead of me 1 saw through the misty, rain a hut looming Into view, with a good yard at tached. : llerc was «? flue place,' 1 thought, to stop till the morning. Tlie place seemed gloomy enough as.I Tode up, and I shuddered a little as l thought of the story associated with It.'!; ? ',What was It ?'N1 asked; ' interrupting him.'' ? Oil, some busliman had murdered his mate there, and It -was said ' that the : ghost of Hie murdered man walked the house. I 'Iliad often, heard the, place called the ' Haunted Ilut,' and no one \- WouUi chi re I WJ18 .oold and hungry, however, and not given to belief of. superstitions, so I yarded my cattle and made myself snug inside tho hut. It- was twilight, and I knew tho light wouldn't last, more than a quarter of an .hour, so I hurried myself and got some wood, most of it damp nnd wet, and aftciva great deal of trouble got a fire burning as 'it grew dark. I soon made some tea,: and had a feed, and then I litany pipe and lay on the floor :ln front of the dying fire, my head and shoulders resting against my saddle. I felt too lazy to go out for . more wood just , then,'- and resolved to leave ,:lt till the morning. But: on second thoughts 1 called myself a lazy, blockhead, be cause If I left it till the inorninir I would most likely' get 110 lire at all, for the wood: would be too wet. So I heaved a sigh, got up and went outside, and pre sently came back with a big armful of i wet wood. This I threw down beside] the fireplace— such as It was— and then, I putting some more oil the 41 re, which i was -nearly burnt out, I once more re- I : cllned lazily on the floor. ij | ' I' suppose I must have dozed off ovijf i my pipe, for the next thing I know was I : that : I bad awakened from my sleep, | ? and that the lire wns gone out save for i a few red embers that glowed fitfully I 'among the ashes. I could bear the ralu I ? outside' still pouring down, and t'hat In- i ' dolent feeling that we all sometimes ex- I perience came, over me as I lay w'th my i liead resting against tlie saddle.''. Ii closed my eyes again. , ' When I next opened -tliem, a minute. | or two after, I became conscious of j two; fiery eyes glaring at me from»the i side of the fireplace. It 'was very, dark ?Inside, and I confess that .I-'felt reared, i They seemed so uncanny l and a mourn- I ful cry, caused by the wind vblowing ] ?fiercely 'through' Che roof where a slilngle i or two bad come off, .made me-feel cold j ?and clammy all over. . , I ; ' Presently, ? as ; I watched ; the two i eyes, and thought all: the while, of the | murdered .man,, they; disappeared, but only ;to .reappear again a moment or two afterwards. 1 felt fascinated, -ai|d could not take my eyes off those shining orbs. ?J.'Iieu- Liiuy iiioviiu again, anu i. miv ? something. 'white closo to tli'e eyes. I felt I must move, or cry .out, or do something. Slowly . and : with quaking. ? llntbs 'l. arose, hesitated for -a minute, and 'then advanced towards' the eyes. .'When I: was: a ll ttle : closer, ; and after I V had: stood: up,. I iiotlciaV' that the eyes seemed quite near the lloor. Mechani cally my mind began to'conjeoture how the ghost's eyes could be, there unless he was laying on the lloor In mi un natural, '^position, wlien a' plr.--i:s ? Mi a-o-w-ow', -greeted ine. v.: , ; f' My fright disappeared like magic, : . nnd l, burst into a laugh. ' Puss. puss. ; puss,' I- cried. ' Come on, pussy,' and I ? . 'be'nt down and held out uiy hand. A. big white cat came towards me, mew ing as 11 walked, and tlio next moment I was stroking Its soft fur. , V-'. Well,'' I' thought to myself as I re plenished the fire with a bit of paper and some wood about five minutes af terwards, ' well, the ghost is laid now. I was a fool to be had like that.' But, /you know,' he added, looking me in the -'eyes, the bravest of men feel afraid . sometimes when t'hey are alone, though they may be brave enough when they have company, even though their com pany be cowardly. ' Next morning, after I lmd had break . fast, a man rode up as I wns just going to get my cattle on the way again, and said : ' Hallo 1 are you droving for Mr. Kennedy V ' Yes,' I answered. ,? Where did you camp last night ?' lie asked. 'In here.' 1 uiiswered. pointiug to the hut. I ' '( ' ' ' ?What.?', lie said Incredulously, ' nift in tliore, did you 1 Don't you know that the place Is haunted ? Surely you know tlie story attached to the place. Why, I can't get a man to sleep In there for love or money. You know I am Mr.. K- — , and this is part of my station.' ' Oh,' I answered lightly, ' I think I have laid that ghost. I knew all about the place, but I didn't care, for I don't believe in the silly Idea of ghosts. Come in here, Mr. K ? , and I'll show you the ghost.' He stared at me for a minute, but when I hitched my horse up and wont to the door lie dismounted aud followed. I took him inside, and showed htm the old white cat, who was busily engaged feeding on a bit of salt junk I had left for It. He had a good laugh when he saw the ' ghost,' you may be sure. Before I rode away he gave me a sovereign for laying the ghost, and paid me the compliment of saying that he reckoned I was a plucky inau. If lie had seen me when I first saw the eyes, though, he might have thought differently.' He- concluded his remarks by adding, ' I'm going to have a smoke now,' and as ho began to cut liis tobacco I thanked liim for the story, put some more wood on the fire, nnd then sitting down relit my pipe, which had gone out in tho Interesting portion of the story ' where the ' shining eyes' were predominant. 