SOCIAL AND OTHER CHANGES IN GREAT BRITAIN. 1837 TO 1S97. aiarvouous maeeu nave been the changes In men, manners, and customs during the last sixty years. When our Queen came to the throno it was considered quite proper in Bociety for men to use violent oaths, and to drlDk them selves under the tables. The nobility frequented caverns ana ciuds, ana tno young nioous were the terror of peaceful citizens. Now fine bodies of police patrol the streets, In place of the old, wheezy, long-coated watchmen, with their lan terns and rattles. The old oil lanterns and lamps for lighting streets and shops have dis appeared, and in their stead thero aro gas and electric lights. Stage coaches have been run off tho roads by railways, and the lumbering chariots, hackney coache3, and sedan chairs havo been replaced by tramways, hansoms, victorlaB, and landaus. YVell- appointed, comfortable omni bus-en now run, instead of the old, musty vehicles, with Btalo straw iu them, which formerly plied for passengers. The blue coats, with brass but tons; the black stockings, with buckles; tho pan taloons and gaiters, the waistcoats of violent- colored silk, the high collars and big stocks, the spoon and coal-seuttio bonnets, tho sandalled shoes, ringlets and side combs, crinolines, pork pie bats, clogs and pattens, have mostly gone. Gone also are tho wigs and gold-headed canes, and snuff boxes, the nightcaps and big wooden four-posters, tho snuffers and wax caudles, and the wafers, tho sealing-wax, and the quill pens, together with the ghosts, dark passages, aud dimly lit rooms which in tho old days' were such terrors to children. The days, too, havo passed away of cock-fighting as a fashionable sport; of bear-baiting and boar-dancing, of bonfires and tar barrels, of Punch and Judy, of Guise dancers and carol singers, and of village beadle and town crier! There wore no envelopes in 1837, and letters cost as many shillings then to post as they now do pennies. Lucifer matches then cost about ono halfpenny each, and were lit by rub bing on sandpaper. Domestic servants could be hired for from £1 to £10 por year; and dress makers and tailoresses came to work at tho houses for ninopence a day. Washerwomen doing a hard day's work of twelve hours only received sixpence. Thero were more than fifty thousand convicts then in British convict sta tions abroad, and moro than four thousand pri soners for debt wero incarcerated with thieves and murderers. One person out of every eleven was then a pauper, and ono out of every five hundred had at some time been committed for trial for somo offence. Ono-tenth of tho people lu London and Manchester lived then in cellars, or wore without homes. City streets wero then full of garbage, and the drainage was filthy. Crimping was carried on, and assaults and rob beries were rife. Now there is a marked im provement in men and manners. There are School Boards, Compulsory Education, Technical Colleges, Free Libraries and Museums, clean, well- regulated prisons, commodious hospitals, Factory Acts, water and sewerage systems, and religious, charltablo, and benevolent agencies too numerous to mention. The Salvation Army has performed marvels in rescue and reform work, and General Booth's name may be mentioned as ono of the greatest social reformers of tho day. Tho passing of tho Friendly Societies Act In 1840, tho establishment of Building Societies In 1837, and' the formation of the Post- office Savings Bank in 1861 have materially helped to encour age thrift among the masses, and to add to tho well-being of the British community. Hero In New South Wales, too, wo havo had changes for the better, which space in this article will not allow us to mention. YVe can only draw atten tion to ono great invention, which has had the effect of vastly Improving the health and happi ness of the children of this colony, and that is the production of Arnott's fattening and strength ening Milk Arrowroot Biscuits, which it is tho duty of every parent to buy, especially at this joyful jubilee time, in order that the little ones may grow fat and make merry with their friends, and thus remember tho Record Reign! Plcaso note that at tho Public School Children's Fete at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Monduy next a tin of these biscuits will be given as n second prize to every child who wins a beat in the races. Advance Australia) — Advt 