UNDER SENTENCE OF DEATH. Tns number ot those who have spent a fortnight in prison with tli« know ledge that at tbe end of that time they would be ' hanged by the neck till they were dead ' is (says a London paper) presumably small. But many must have tried to imagine what it would be like, and those who are curious on the subject, witt derive considerable assistance from a remark able report which tlie Aliljd Fame has made to the French Government. Judging from the observations he has made on the behaviour of condemned men, it would appear that to even the most hardened criminal the period between sentence and execution is one of cruel torture. Tlie prisoner during the daytime may seem tolerably cheer ful and take advantage of whatever comes to break the monotony of prison life. He will seek for amusement, bti occupied in reading, talking to his visitors, or at (ending to the chaplain ; but night is awful to him. Sleep he fears, for its evil dreams, but let him keep awake til) what hour lie may, neither can lie slumber tranquilly nor keep from awaking early in the morn ing. And this stale of feeling appears to culminate iti the night before the execution. Of eleven murderers whom the Abbe* attended at the last moment, three only were asleep when called upon. If any proof were needed of the manner in which the sentence weighs upon them, he says, it would lie furnished by the difference between a prisoner sentenced and the same man reprieved. On one morning he is ill, feverish, sleepless, breath lnssly inquiring about bis fate ; nod the next, with tlie prospect of a life long toil at tlie galleys before him, he is spirited, bright nud cheerful. Outside the prison walls it is fre quently asserted that death is prefer able to imprisonment for life ; but it is evident that those who talk in this way never spent a night under the death-sentence. If they hud, they would have said, with the ghost of Achilles, ' Bfitter to serve a landless man than bear sway over all the kingdoms of the dead.' At least, tsuch is the conclusion we draw from tlie observations of the Abbe' Faure. A Sehiods Phase of C&ime.; — Mr. Justice Bruce, in opening the Liver pool Assiaes, referring to tbe large number of cases of criminal assaults on children, winch, he said lie was sorry did not seem to be decreasing through out the country. His lordship spoke strongly ngainst trying such charges in open court, before crowds of idle men. He believed no harm would accrue if a. judge had the discretion to p.xelad from court all persons except those re presenting the Press, members of (Iip legal and medical professions, and friends of the prisoner and the prosecutor. : Death prom Fright. — At Draintree Workhouse, n, little girl named V.orencR Rudkin, five years old, di-*d | from the result of a fright, through j bbing shut up in a dark clusnt at aboard ! school during play hours iiy another ! child. She was not missprf for some '. time, and when found was quite de* j ranged, *uid never r«w«ivflr«d her suusps. ' Sliv 3u..i-jii:lj,-M l.) brain fe*rr. 