A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SOOEE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOB BY A I PROMINENT MEMBER OF PABLIA- 1 ME NT. j LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERKD INCURABLE BY THE FIB6T PHYSICIAN6 OB' THE WOBLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQETEBED. A GBEAT VICTOR JT FOB DB WIL LIAMS' PINK PILL& (From the « Australian Workman.') On Thursday afternoon onr representative . made his way to tbe humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 15 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, awj his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and -abont and able to answer the knock at the. door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of ia critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that be was an in valid on the rapid road to ooavalssoenee. In reply-to tha preliminary questions, he said : ? Xou want to know all abont my case ? Well, ? I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of valus to those who are stricken as I was.' \- TTnw Jong wore yon suffering V ?Well, twelve months a?o I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then, About five years ago next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident 1 have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable. The painB were' something terrible. They were just about as mnch as I conld bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me.' I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. Oa the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 1 Did you make use of the order V ? No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I. would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, j and did all he could by opium and morphia pills to ease the agoBy I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Loco motor Ataxia, or Progressive .{locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments, He told me that I might last for ten - years, and that I might never -;et tbe use of my legs. (J ust then the patient kicketl his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.} Well, just as a ' drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing the core effected in he oase of another boiler-maker in England,, which I read in the ' Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the a4 vertisement of a«ase which; seemed tofit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. - The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and slsep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tha first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left tha bed and was able to more abont. I have taken four boxes of Pink Fills during tha past foot weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the lid of a stick, and am gradually bnt surely re ' covering my former vigor and vitality, you see those crutches there? They are per fectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now 1 don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You Bee I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs Jarvis, who tad come in and taken the baby on her knees.' ' The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.1 A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to bs in the very pink ot health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit I to these Pink Pills, They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new mau. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need tbem. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Buch is this remarkable histo'ry, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor; ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J 6 T McGowen, leader of the Labor ' party in the NSW Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr McGowen Bays he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew tbat he had to give np his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden and that there was little chance of his 1 recovery. He understood J arris was .refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as bis case had been pronounced incurable. Mr McG-owen was, therefore, like everyone else who knewthe facts, astonnded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. ® 