Narracoorte Show. A RECORD ATTENDANCE. The aliow held under the auspices of the Narracoorte Pastoral and Agriculteral Soeiefcyia generally the first one of the -season held in the Sooth-East; and the date of holding if is made to suit the sheep exhibits. ~ No doubt if the date! were fixed later in the year the show' would command better and more numer ous exhibits in many sections, especially in dairy and farm produce, flowers, and perhaps also in some of the sections in stock; bat the exhibition of merino sheep is the piece -de resistance ofthe Narracoorte show, and therefore the "Society to ' keep hp its prestige in this respect mast oater for .them in erery way; in fact, a Nana-, coorte show withoht merino sheep would be like the play, of 'Samlet without the ghost. It is trail for a country show to be celebrated at least for aome strong, point instead of baring a deadlevel'of mediocrity, and few-ewuntiy shows can. Tie with 'Narracoorte. in its show of sheep. Still it is capable of improvement in other sections notwithstanding Hie drawback efhaving it eo early in the season. How. over, the show held'oh Wednesday and Thursday was on the whele a good though in some respects it was scarcely np to lash year's show The bad season no donbt bad mnch to do with" the result; tfhe indoor exhibits showed a falling ofi ; poultry in number of entries.v&hd; . quality of exhibits were much, poorer than they hays been for some ' years; and flowers, | vegetables, and farm and dairy produce ] were not B&goOd; as they were the proviuua two shows. ..In-horses the entries were | notperflapB solargeas-ki -eomefbrmer j yean; bat the.quality, tekingibem as a| ■ whole, was.mncb' a'nperior. 'Tfie exhibits j of merino sheep more than sDetained the reputation which they have given, to our -shows, and the entries-were, more numor ous. There was a poor lot of cattle both in entriea and quality ; but there were, aom nice exhibits in pigs. Taking things all in all'and considering the more- than ordinary, bad season the District has .passed .through the Society has every reason to be satisfied with this year's show so far as the quality and quantity oil. exhibits were conoerned. We have ta ldpk backward.'to measure our sucoess; ahd if we had not. had "boom" shows during thB previous two yean we would have been well satisfied with our tbov this week. It is always with some amount of trepidation that - those, . who have the iBterestsoflheSociety at heart look for ward to lhe weather that we are likely to be -favoured with on the occasion of our annualahow festival. From Saturday to TneBday we .had more than ordinary fine ! weather—in. fact, too fiue; bnt on- TueB \- day evening there were-signs of a change . in the direction ofraip ; .and the apirite of the management-were damped indeed by Prophet Todd's forecast of rain alobg the southern coast. Early on Wednesday morning there were ominous clouds hover ing round -; but as the wind was veering to • the sonth it was thought they would pass over us without distributing their contents. A« the day advanced the cloodB assumed a less threatening aspect, and by uoou "Old Sol" obtained the victory and chaaiug \- the clouds away ebone out brightly most of the afternoon, making all feel com fortable and glad. '-.There- was a large attendance—we believe the biggest that has ever been on.the ground, -the takings j at the gate being very satisfactory. "The I train from Border Town-brought- a, large j contingent of visitors on -Tuesday night, : tod on Wedneeday >morning <ke trains •fromtMoniit Gsthbieraiid Kingston ityre t-'adso well patronised. KingBtoa,- La.ciu j dale; andthe Yictori&n; side of theBorfler were-strongly represented. The atban . dance m»stjMVe.:r»r^ed-fromrl,200 to ,.l,aP0;-hnd,as is jtsualnt NarrM»orte shows, the crowd Maa mortofdetly, iu \- ' every way. There Were np siiie,-iboyra pn the ground with the exception of £ "sheet-? ing gallery rati by- an'ente'rprieing toVms , man. Host O'Brien, of the iNarraco^rte j Hotel, had a booth on the ground,' where ! the choicest leverages could be obtained, : Mr. A, Johnstone bad a,iunebeon booth; a glance at the menu card "showing' that he was prepared to eater for the most fas tidious of his patrons; and »t Mr. Bool's stall the freshest fruit and choicest con fections could be. obtained. The caterers for the inner man all seemed to do a good bnsiness during the day. The permanent luncheon booth tbe Society has erected on the ground was found to be a great convenience. The official arrangements were satisfactory jn every, respect, reflect ing credit on the management, and all officials. SHEEP. There was one of tbe best, shows of Merino sheep ever seen in Narracoorie both as, regards tbe number of entries and the qnSlity. The judges in both the open and farmers' sections prononnced them snperb; and stated that many of the prize .exhibits would take honors at the best shows of merino Bbeep in Australia. There was a time when the Society offered prizes for stall-fed sheep; but tor utilitarian reasons tbis section was dropped and now- the prize-list is confined to grass-fed sheep. Experience has proved that - pampered stna sheep are not.the.best to breed from, though they may be talring to the eye in a show-yard, and that there is nothing like breeding from sheep that have hardy con stitutions through being reared in their natural element. In the open classes there were 52 pens of exhibits. In Merino rams over 2J years, there were eight pens, Hynam, Struan, Moy Hall, ana the Narracoorte Station being represented. The first prize sheep, which came from Moy ■ Hall, had greater length of staple than the second, and was densely woolled and bright. This sheep was placed second champion of the yard. Hynam supplied tbe second'prize sheep. It was a beautifully-covered sheep, but ft lacked!eegth of staple as compared with tbe first prize sheep. Five .pens competed in Meriuoram_over 1| and under 21 years, jlri Hynam, Moy Hall, and Mr. A. Mclnnes contesting. The two prizes went to Moy Hall. The one placed first was a beautiful sheep densely and evenly covered.; and was selected as champion of the yard. This sheep was second champion at Penola last year. The sbeep awarded second honors was not so even as the first, but .had nice wool of a good length. For the best Merino ram under Ij years, Moy' Hall was again awarded first and second honors. There were 12 pens in this -class,' Padthaway, Hynam, Struan, the Narra coorte Station, and Mr. A. Mclnnes com peting besides Moy Hall. The sheep awarded first honors was beautifully covered, but inferior to tbe second prize sheep in the merits of its wool. The se cond prize sheep would have been placed first only for a fault on one of the shonl dare. For the best Mer(no ewe over 21 years, Hynam, Struan, Moy Hall, and Mr. A. Mclnnes competed. Here again Moy - Hall took' both prizes. Both the successful sheep were good ewes; but the one awarded firethonors was a little finer and longer in the staple and somewhat better iu the points than the second prize sheep. The first prize sheep iu this class was selected as the champion ewe of the yard, being a fine large animal. In Merino ewes over 11 and under 21 years Hynam, Moy Hall, and Mr.. A. Mc lnnes were represented. Mr. A. Mclnnes was awarded first honors with a beautiful ewe, bavins a very long, fleece of good quality. This ewe was selected as second champion of the yard. The {second prize sheep, which came from Moy Hall, was a i fins ewe, but not so dense as tbe first ewe.1 -Mr. Melnnes certainly " 8track oil" when as a small flockowner he beat Moy Hall, and took the second ohampionshipof the yard in ewes in. the open class, . The com petition in Merino ewes under 1J years -was keen, Hyiiam, Strpan, May Hall, Pad thaway, the Sarracodrte Station, and Mr Ai Mcfnnes competing. Here again Mr. Mclnnep followed up his shceess in the last class by taking the two prises in this class. The ewe placed first was a well covered sheep, dense and even. The second .prize sheep had good quality of Wool, bnt not so dense. In Idie open section Moy Hall took six firsts, and six seconds; Mr, Melnnes two firsts and two.seconda ; and Hynam one second. There was a .fine lot of sbeep in the farmers* classes, soma being folly equal in eyery way=toibe exhibits in the open classes. Altogether therewerp?! pens: bnt several -exhibitors were represented.; by^two pens ia each class, The judge states that be found it very -awkward to judge this section, and would have prefer red them frbui the'tips oh the wool being divided into .two sections to ,do justice. -One lot of sheephad their wool kept very clean end free from diaooloration, and the other allowed tpi-get.dirty and dim. In the majority t>f cases there .was no ^getting away from those kept iu the best condition. Por the' best merino ram Messrs. A:.-'Melnnes fNarraeopfte), G. ■MeD. Hoyie. (Lake Mundil and P. L. :Sehiqckel end- Son (Narracoorte) com rpeted, .. MryMcInntss was placed first and .second. . Brfjk.wereyonng sheep possess-, ing gopd. i^Mity. of wool, The prize sneep was ifcla&jyfirst; beeausa the* wool was oIeaaa«d'-eVien,it being a fine- quality b£".wdoi: witfc>bb tip on it, and -nice -and fiat," MfcsariL-'-'A. Jlolnaes,1 ■<}-; McDi" Boyje, and .P^niy $_mith (Narracoorte) competed for ten bestmerino mm. Under 14- years. Hera again Mr. Mclnqes was successful in taking tbe"two " prises. The first prize eheep was much larger than the second, and the wool was' in .better condi tion. :Imteerin6 ewes 24'yeara -and over; Mr. A\ Mclnpes was awarded I tbetwo prizes, Mr.Boyle being the only othpr competitor, ..Messrs A. Mclnnes > and BojM were the only, competitors'hi merino ewes over 14and under 24. years,: and the-fprmer followed aphis jiheuo menal success, by "taking the two prizes. The sheep placed first - was a beautiful, ewe,- well woolled all over; and the second was also n v&luable; sheep. Tn merino ewes tinder.. 1J years Mr, Mclnnes again swept the board, Messrs. Boyle and H. Smith .competing against him, The first prize'ewe was very even, and Well-clothed with due quality /of wooL For the best merino ewe of any age Mr. Mclnnes was the only exhibitor, and the judge pro-, nounced both ewes . worthy of the prize.' Messrs. Boyle and H. Smith werp the only competitors in the -class for' the best three merino ewes, and Mr. Boylo's pen was placed. fifst; - In the first' prize pen 'there - were- two excellent sheep and oner inferior animal. In Mr. Smith's ' pen there were also - two good-sheep and one inferior; bnt the superiority of the two good ones in the first prize pen decided the award, which was owing to the evenness of wool. The prize ia asilvercup presented by Mr. 1,. DeGaris value £10103 and has to be won -three times by the same exhibitor. Mr. Boyle has won it three times, and the cap will become an heirloom in bis family to show his descendants the skill he attained in aheepbreedittg, ;The. Moy: Hall, sheep exhibited were the old strain bred on the station. The, champion ram was placed -fitjst in his class last year as a two-tooth; also first in his class at Penola and second champion there. The'first prize sheep in 24.year old .rain (Moy Hall) was never -beaten until Wednesday, when a younger •ram bred by the same exhibitor beat him: ^He'.was champion at Narracoorte last year; -gndat Penola the last two -years. The champien ewe (Moy Ball) was first in her class it;'Penola. test year/' and alscf~nt Narraooorte fast year as a '24 yeariold. . : All Mr. A. MMhnes's sheep wera his'own breeding. Therfiist prize sheep in ewes I^rac 21 years in the open seotiep'wak first Ijisa'-t wb-tooth last year in Narfacoortefn ' the farmer's section and first in the name nlassiii the open sefctioa at Penola last year.. Mete by Surprise,from a Moy Hall OWiJ- The first prize sheep in merino ewes .naffer liyeaw is by Surprise ont of a Moy Hall -ewe; 'and the second by a Moy Hall ram. Both sheep were bred l|by,himself: The first prize merino ram [Jn'ihe all-aged classin the farmers'section fas by Young McQuarrie, and the second ly Surprise,, They: took first and second |r*zes respectively in -their classes at the 'enola and Narracoorte shows last year, hat wtre reversed this year. The winners in 14 years ram was by a Moy Hall ram, and Vbe second was,-by Surprise from a Mc Quarrie ewe. The first and second prize 'Sleep in ewes 24 years and ever were by McQuarrie. They were not shown last jyaf. In ewes under 24 years the two wize ones-were by. Surprise. . The second Ipfise one was placed second last year at Penola and in tbe open class as a two-tooth. Li Marino ewes under 1J years the first wasby McQuarrie, and the second by Sur prise. The winners in ..all-aged merino e^yrofe both by Yonag McQuarrie and ■w«ra never, shown before. \- ;;TfieHynam aheep sheep did not fa»-6pr;- weli as in former years. It 'wg? Apt- that the sheep exhibited w.ete:.not better than ever; but the othera- aeemedtobeabletobring exhibits to the po\tm. better condition:. The second prizssheep in the all-aged ram was Jurn bo II, by Jumbo: He has been shown in Narracoorte for the last two years; and toes second prize every year, having been beiten three times by the same sheep. He -was second champion last year. The first prize sheep in this class was aacnred by. the champion (Moy Hall .J Mr. Boyle's (sheep were never shown before." Mr. H. Smith had veiy meritori ous exhibits ;. and Padthaway and the Narraeoorte Stations were represented by good sheep, dnit they were unfortunate in moating such irresistible company. A number of good' Shropshire rams wereshoWnby Mr. L. DeGaris, on acconnt of Mr. S. S. Ealli, and as they are the fashionable breed:for crossing with the Myriao formeat, tbey;.-attracted a good deal of attention.. They will be pnt to tbe hammer this'moriiing. The pens of. freezers were judged by Mr. Battersoft. :■ There were £vs-"pens, Messrs. H; J: Bicbford, A. Mclnnes, P. L. Schinckel" ahd--.S6ni and J. Pinkerton being1 the exhibitors. They were all except one pen fine merinos; but those in Mr. Pinkerton'a pen being ccossbreds they■ obtained the first prize: Mr. D. J: Bick fordwas awarded the second prize. ' 1 HORSES. Horses were not expected to be as good ; as in previous-years on acconnt of the hard time stoek Ms.had daring the winter and j the dearaess of feed; bnt it is often the unexpected that occurs. With the excep tion .of the jumping events nil classes filled remarkably well,-and in a number of classes better has not-been seen at a Narra coorte show.- The lodges state that in several of tbe hack classes they had never seen: better ina country show for all round quality; and both judges have had experi ensefor many .years and at a large nnmber of Shows.' In'draughts the entries were more .numerous and above the average. \- Judging commenced'at 10 o'clock with tbe draught stallions.- "A fine lot of horses, which wonld do credit to any show, and the best lot seen at any show in the South-East" was the common ex pression to be heard from those who should-know something about it. The following paraded -for the prize:— Messrs. Robson and Johnson's Old Times, Mr. R. Retheiington's Hero's Champion, Mr. Marcns's Scotch Wonder, Mr. Wbe lan's Bonnie Brilliant, and Messrs. Cop ping Bros*. Piinee Albert. The jndges chase Hero's Champion, the Mount Gam bier representative, for .first honors. He is'Ja magnificent animal with splendid: build and good proportions all over. Mr.' Hetherington recently purchased the hone in* Melbourne at the big price o£ 300 guineas; and is from the best Clydesdale blood. Many admired the useful looking horse Qld Times, wj^feb obtained second honors in good company. He was in fine condition, and shows that be wilt be well looked after in new hands. He was re cently owned'by the Tatiara Draught Stallion Company. Prince Albert.also looked well, and Scotch Wonder was in the pink of condition. Bonnie Brilliant is a big powerful yonng horse, and his condition did not show him to the' best advantage. The. draught "mares wei e only a fair lot, being deficient in size. A mare belonging to Mr. A: Mclnues, by Scotland Yet, was awarded the prise. In plough horses the judges gave a pair'belonging to Mr. A, Mclnnesthe prize; but they could nntAgree .on the second pnae[pair, being divided between Back's and Mov Halls pairs, Areferefein the person of Mr. A. T. Anderson was called i a and he .gave the. prize to the May Hall pair. There were two blood - stallions ex hibited, vi*.—Mr; Wbelan's Bismarck, by "AHandec, and. Albpry, by Yatjtendon. The King of the Ring representative isa beautiful chesfcnnt ^andhe Was got up in .the pink of condition, being a smart good looking animal.The judges; however, preferred the ancient 'Albnry for first honors on account of. the' strength of limbs he exhibits all oyer.! There were three nice blood mares in the ring, viz.— Murra, by Town Moor -Dearest, by Lockleys; and Nerrida, by Sir Hercules. The judges preferred the Sir Hercnles. representative, and gave second honors to Dearest. Only two pony stallions were *shown, MfJ- A.j Riddoch's well-known. Paul beiigz placed nrat a^'aj tqatter of goprse. .^nie'-wisH^mwiAcl^t'oifibe was the only candidate 'for the" bfet ^groomed horse; Albury, the other entry, not facing - -the music! After some cogitation the the judges awarded Mr. J. Pinkerton the. prize for barness pai r 15 hauds and under ' 16, placing the Maaoupe pair second.1 There were five exhibits."" Only three j ponies paraded for harness pairs 14 hands and' under.' 15, and -the Moy Bill pair, Donald and Mollie, were placed first, a >air from.- Strnan- beina second. An larness ponies, under 14' bands. .Mr. Morris's smart chestnuts '* cAught the judges' eyes' and were ■ deservedly awarded -' first honors.'' A" really splendid .lot of horses paraded ronn'd the ring for' the; prise for single, harness pairs. There :were ton candidates,' and the judges1 powers of : discernment were taxed to the utmost in picking out the prize-takers. . They at, last nettled upon a fine upstanding bay belonging-to Mr. English, -of Edenbope, -another fine bay belonging to;Mri.J; Pinkertpn- taking second honors. •'A: really good; lot' was the verdict the judges passed. upon the. seven ponies which competed for the single harness prize. -The award-eventualjy went, to Mr. J. Fitzgerald's Mottle,-from across the Borderand Mr. F. Holmes's Darkie. another Victoria pony, obtained aecohd prize.' In pair of ponies m harness there were only three ca&didates;, and-the prize fell to the Mov H&U; handsome greys, Dick and Minnie, driven by MissRobertson. Though the entries were not-numerous there was a capital show of 14-stque hacks, among them being Messrs. D; MeGilli vray's Rainbow, John Robertson's Robin, J. Pinkerton's Friday, .J. Ay Riddoch's Boomerang, and D. J. Bickferd's Donald. Boomerang stoodbut from theothera, and Friday obtained second honoip. There was also a capital show of 12 stone backs, theiollowingcompetingGapping Bros. Conrad, Jaz.Pinkerton'a.Ned, B.. Pinker ton's Trimmer, D. O'Shea's Maid.of Erin, John Robertaou's Robin, S. Blue-s Kin^a wear, and J. Marcus's- Steel trap. The "award fell to Kingswear, Robin being placed second. Both .were splendid types of horses; The following competed-inten stone hacks - E. Pinkerton's Trimmer, A." McLean's Lochbuie, J.'Smith's King Cobbler, Dr., Haluhan's The. Sprat,-A.. McOonchie's The Fox, T. Pinkerton's Zulu, Executors W.' Robertson^ Gobyrebb, and J. S.;rtR0bertson's Skipper;- : The judges prorionUced them a-mediom lob Cotwebb,- Skipper,'Iioch Bine,.■' Znln, and - The. fOx- Were" .picked" out." First honorswent.to the beat flight - bay Skipper, which"stood out from the others. The judgeB hadaome difficulty in award ing second honors between Cobweb, l-och buie, ana The Fox. They had a strong Sartiality for the well-made Cobweb, ana Ir. Anderson was just about deciding when he discovered ho was . blind. The prize then went to Lochbuie. The pony hacks shown were Messrs. S. Qnintrells ■Leo, D. O'Shea's Fairy Queen) J. Marcus's Topsy, 4. 0. Fitzgerald s Mettle, L.Mc Innea's Fuchsia, ..and. Dr. MacwiHau's Negress; Fairy Queen easily won; Ladies' hacks, always.a class that engages the attention" of The spectators, was .next on the programme j and the following com peted Messrs. Copping Bros.'! Conrad! J. Marcus's-Steeltrap, J. A. Riddoch's Boomerang! A. McLean's Lochbuie, D. O'Shea's Maid of Erin, J, S. Robertson's Skipper,' and S. Blue's King's Wear. Skipper (ridden by Miss Lizzie Smith); who w;as placed first in ten-stone backs, tuok'first honors; the' stately Boomerang (ridden bj Miss Susan Welcome) was placed'secoudand- King's Wear- (ridden by Miss-A,-Tidy) was . third. There were six exhibits in pouy hacks unde'r'iShands, :and th» prize went to the Moy Hall pony Dick. In pony hacks .under li.hands, to be ridden by a girl Under 13 yd&ra;, there were only: two competitors, E. Balnave's Marcel fa (ridden' by Miss Maggie Camp bell) being-placed first) and u\ Marcus's Lightning (ridden" by Miss Jessie Hood) being second! ■ There _ wore Only three candidates for the prize for spring cart horses, Messrs. A!. Atriwill & \- Son's Glen being placed first after much care on the part of the jndges,. . In spring dray horses Tho Messrs.'J. Thomson & -Co. bad the only exhibit,, which, received the prize. The stewards (Miosis. A, J: Attiwill and G. Bro wnlees) kept commendable punctuality for each event "in accordance with the times specified qui .the progratApie with the result that by half- past 5, the rime specified, the judging of horses in action for the day was completed. "' JUMPING-EVENTS. The jumping events ,this year were what may be termed in slang parlance " messed np " throagb-'both hunters' eWnts- being spread over the--two ^dftys—a -tnostidiotic idea, which .contributed to tb£Pjnmping events being V comparative-j^ailnte, as a number of people at a distance wodH have brought their horses for the events the first day if ther knew , they could have returned the same day! If-tne Committee had decided to finish -say one of the han ters' and the hurdle jumping events the first day, and leave . the other hunters' event till the "second' day .it would not have been so bad, bat leaving the two hunters' events to'be spread over two daysi was not doing justice to. the. Society's patrons the first day; when." the largest number assembled on the ground. The result, was that the preliminary of the. two jumping ' events on Wednesday was a hollow farce, and the conceiver of the brilliant idea should be awarded a leather medal for bis stnpid originality. The fol lowing contested in the 11-stone hunters that bad never won an advertised prize [of. £3Mr. A. McConchie'e Ruby (owner), Mr. G. Laidlaw's Nada (Wy antte), Mr. W.. Rule's Joa. (W. Rule), Messrs. Copping Bros.. Conrad (W- G. .Copping), Messrs. Robertson Bros'. Sea Foam (Lindsay), Mr. J. Marcuss Steeltrap (Sandy Marshall). There were four post and rail fences to negotiate 4 ft. 8 in. high. Nada baulked at every fence -and bad to retire. Conrad cleared them fairly well. Sea Foam could not get over the first fence. Ruby cleared her fences in fairly good style. Joe ■'cleared the fences, but jumped awkwardly. Steel trap cleared them in good style. The second ; round Conrad struck one of the fences, heavily; Ruby again jumped fairly well; Joe nearly came over at one of the fences'; and Steeltrap cleared them in good style.' The judges selected Ruby and Steeltrap to jump off the second day, and as tbtee was a third price Conrad andjoe were sentagain, resulting in the latter being; chosen to jump off. .. t . • For the best hunter up to 11-Stone there were only two entries, bat'holy Mr. J; A, Riddoeh s Boomerang (Bine) came to the post; and he negotiated the four fences once round in capital style, and in accord ance with the conditions of the prise a decision in the event was postponed till next day, when he repeated the exhibition of jamping and won the prise. This event was a dismal failure owing to spreading it over twe days. • . . The following competed in thehurdle jumping event j—Messrs, Copping Bros*. Conrad (W. G. Copping), Messrs/Robert son Bros.' Sea Foam (Sandy Marshall), F. Anstey's Dearest (Lindsay), W. E. Monro's Cicily (J. McLean).--G. Beau champ's Seaman (Jas. Beanchatnp), Dr. Hallahan's The. Sprat (B. Gollins), and Messrs. W. Smith and Co.'s iLng'Cobbler (McPbee.) Conrad jumped fairly well; Sea Foam again baulked and had to retire; Dearest jumped well;Cicily-dkl fairly well, as also did Seaman; The Sprat jump ed well; and King Cobbler did fairly well. In the second round Conrad jnmped very well; Devest gave a magnificent ex hibition of hurdle-jumping; Cipilyolearad the jumps'; and Seaman jumped vrril. but ran eff the last hurdle ; The Sprat struck onebf the hurdles awkwardly; and King Gobbler got,over .the hordUs. Dearest was picked for ffr&t; prise; sod Seaman and The Sprat jumpedoff ifart- second honors, resolting in theEdenhope hbrse being placed second. ' CATTLE."-: There was a poor show qfjcatHe, the entries taring small, and theiqmijity oi most of tbe animals being vpobr. The breeding of the cattlis exhibited^was of ncm-desoHpt character. "A;nioe weU-mad® Aldernoy took the. prfM foV the'btet d* cow. A1 Hereford- tioff ; exhibited A] Messrs. Mclnnes and Go: ' was tfshapely animal. Innonneetion; with' this section there was- a.'^gnessing. content. - A fat cpw was inthe yard -for those wbo-eared t® guess her weight when killed at ls a guess, and not a -few speculated.. -Tim cow wiu. not he killed for a day or two. ^ •* SWISEh*- ' : . There were only tfrpexhibitqrs in mm, Messrs.. J. Pinkerton ahd G.-Tfardje. The exhibits vTere up to the Standardly what are seen at country shows, buYthhy 4lo' not call for .any special mention. Jwffnnes and Co.'s exhibits were mimed this year. '-'* FARM PRODCfCS?. There were 25 entries in tfae farmpro^ { dace section, and the eihtiritswere- abown i in the verandah of the hall, which-was: enclosed with wire netting.. In .-the class . for-the sample of wheat, not less than fohr , bushels, there were three exhibits; and I Messrs. Milne Bros, were awarded • the prise with a samuleof Farpts1 Straw weighing 65 lbs.- Theprize wheat was' cot . with the binder and thrashed with aBag j shaw's header. Mr. T. W. Neill'sexhibit : weighed 62i lbs, and Mr. G. Wardle's 63} I lbs. There were no oats, malting barley, . or field -peas shown. The-prizesfor wf&at; i en and oaten, chaff were taken by Messrs. i A.- Mclnnes and W. Simpson (Apshsy), respectively,.and ware-very good exhibits. I Mr. T. W. NeiiPs samples or green fodder ' plants were well worthy of the prises' they ; took. Ensilage and long red and yellow globe mangolds were'' missing' from the competition In thisaectioD, and there was only one exhibit of field turnips, bat it . was pronounced by the Judges to be an ] excellent one. Messrs. Robertson' Bits.' ; prize carcases of merino mutton were very worthy entries, and the faind- qnarter of beef which took first-, hbnbis, sbdwuky Mr. J. Pinkecton, was a fair sample. Some ' nice looking colonial-ha msand flitches of colonial bacon were- shown by Messrs.' J. D. Smith, J. Thomson, and J. Pinkertpn's roll of spiced beef was ■ a well:prepared exhibits- .The judges .-thought writ, "the display of farm produce .was geodiasfar \- as it went, but the -exhibits were too \- limited,and shonhl bavebeen more;-; . - i ' y -•^ I ThiBdephri^nf<ffthei|h6Ur^a8ppwy: \- fiUed.&nd; the WeH-knoWh- lnTda of Mr. . W. T. Hoars,of Apsley were njuchinissed, " from the «»UectibUswil& feathered tr&e;, ' shown. In many of.'thh ctasses'there was not a'single entry, and h&birds; that were exhibited were taken ahogetherAmediocre. A splendid pair of tttrtceys-eutered by Mr. Jas. BobertMiyattracted,'a-'{^Od>-deiLl:^of attention, and Mr.Bnle'apriawgame fowls were Weil hred■' bisft. The Hamborgs shown by Mr. W. Snnpsoa; of Apsley, are worthy otspecial kneuticm.. Therodga stated tfcat the coops qui "tdofar back and were deficient' In might ; "to Vallow ' -a good view of the birds to be obtained. It ' is to be hoped that next yeat- soiae 'ne w ', bird faoaiers will enterkhe' contest in this section, and that we frill not haye -such ® : . scanty exhibition ofponltiy Atn-fdthre. The total number of entries: inthis depart ment was 22. ■ A : DAISY PEODOGE. This was one of the most " interesting portions of the inside show, atkl the eatries numbered^63. There w&3 4ceeh"obstest for tbe butter prixea, aad the' merits and demerits of the varicus exhibits were severely tested, Mr.-Ebdf, late manager of the Government Produce Export Depart-' ment, assisting the judgm iatbsir work. . For fresh butter the caysted . ticket" wis' awarded to Mrs. H. BackvMrs. Robertson (Strnan) taking seeoiiayhenprs. Miss \- Marks was the 'suceessfnl cobtcfitant in the class for fancy butter. Hiss LAMartin being second.The butter "was prbneiuteed : by the judges ' to show a marked fmprove \- ment on last year's exhitatihand hp be. of : very good quality. '.Some -fne-'heir;eggs : were shown, W. Bale and Mrs. Wilcken being the prize-takers. There WV only one exhibit of duek eggs, bat the judges j stated they were the best eggs .titey' had' ever seeu. Meadames Bobertson. - and. \- Yincenrhad some nice ooUeietions of jams. end jellies, and Mrs. Schinckel tabled an appetising lot ofdriedfruils. Mrs. Bohert-. son's eolleotion of preserved;friritS' was' well assorted. There was oneexhiint of" home-made piekles, but the jedgee did not think it worthy of a pruS.'^Mra.Neill and .Mrs. ScbincbelMagea niooly arranged collections of farm and dairy ^odBoe, which were practical illustratioBS o£ .frhi& thrift and mdnstry-'on.A^farm oaoAdbtl Although there were eight hntries-in jtl*k. home- made bread competition, ofyfinite exhibits were sent Jo.oe jndged,iamEMra. Neill was thp snccessful contesfcant. Same well made scones were on;Viewyand the: honey entered was of good quauly. ' Miss Thomson displayed htr skill in the etiUn- i ary department by taking prisesLf or sponge* and pound cakes. Mrs. Lontit^exhibited a most attractive assortment ofhbme-made. lollies, consisting of between 2& and - 3& different-varieties. This exhibit was very favorably commented on by the'viators, and was well worthy of note. CONYEYAHGES, ETG.: There was a more than orifinarily in teresting lot of bngmesjconveyances etc., on the ground. Mr, W. Barrett, of Mohnt Gambier, took the prize for the single seated buggy with a vehicle of splendid workmanship and finish, which was built by the exhibitor for Dr. Jermyn ofMount Gambier, and has been in hbo for four years. Mr. Barrett informed us 4hat every -time the trap' had been shown it had taken a prize. Mr. .8. Barrett of Mount Gambier was the successful prize taker for the double-seatedibuggy. Tbe exhibit was a well built Abbot buggy with silver mountings-- and platings, and' morocco leather trimmings. A very'neatly finished baggy manufactured by Mr. Tv Barclay, of Kingston, was. reoommended for a second prize. This trap, which' showed a capital piece of workmanship, contains a portable seat, and the back seat is moveable, so that it can be used either as a single or double buggy. It is finished off with silver mountings and nicely varnished. The same baggy was noticed, at length by oar Kingston correspondent ia last issue. Mr. W. Barrett entered an improved phaetonette in this class which iras recommended for a speeial prire, .; The. conveyance is" quite novd ; jonstrnction, and Mr. Banett informed ua ; blsat the idea eras bis own. Iteanbemada ■' into a side-Beatei trap to carry fonr by placing two* moveable side seats behind. The-body of the vehicle is made of black woed and kaan, and the front panelfl consist of kauri marked wood.: Mr. 8.: Barrett hadonexhihitionapdnyuart of his own manufacture, with aUvtbeJatesl improvemeats- Thespringsofthecart ate fixed to the tlan^ivbidi u aii im-. provement on the old system, and it ia built of black wood and trimmed with American leather. Therewrehoentryfor the single furrow jdough,bui atbree-far- 1 row plough e xhibited by McssiA- eintter buck Bros, of Adelaide, wag reeommecd-. ed for d prize. The same Srmifkhp were ; represented by' Mr. T. Koegan, of Mount Gamhier, tookaprizew^haMasaey-Harria reaper and binder. Thelotestimprove meats ia this, maohiae are the perfected roller and balbbearingATbepriae for the new or roost improved farmimple inent was awarded to a jsaperior grain and manure drBl shuwn by Msssra. ~Kor man' 'and Co., of Adelaide who Were re- - preaentedbyMr. Thomson.; ; " -y.'; HABNES8. - . Mr. W. Sboebridge.ofNarraeoorto, wan the only exhibitor in tins section; but he -made a vory creditable display ofCaddlery and harness^the workmanship befogfirst olass. Mr. -SboebridgeV rtawLvfillea Onn corner of the sbow hall and consisted of a set of doable harness with ril*brmoant~ ings, three seta of singleharneannoanted •with nickel BUrei^'aira/wn^resoeiBdatoek of "banting, exercise. -aDd Btock reddles,' BesHlasa variety for sondriesi^ocliiding * breast-plates, bridles, belts, ntcl. Mr. Shoebndge also exhibited bicyctestofthe j Baleigb, Swift, Singer, Beaston-Somber, f aad Pteinier makes. Altogether his stand 1 wasanaitracti ve display." -3n tbsharnesa -sezdrot^Mr^BheebriagQCtook^pRhre for donbleand single -haggy.-/han«Ma, and FLOWERS. ... The unfavorable season! ■the poor-z p6t plant exbih. ;i „ ^ _ >od;"bDt the ents'were oiHos. "The contest inr i. fconfined to Messrs. W. Lucre,! and G.Piatt, the former flor"' thelargest exhibitor; all with .the exception of 2Dwer» vhtored by Mr. Lucas. There was abeaotifnlcollee Mpn<rf«nerarias'^jotn», and f be varied hues wad tints of there preftyifoWejs made & charming display. Mr. I^capei&gedtb;* beat cineraria that We: hate ;bkwSeen m Narraooorte, some of the ■fidAertcmtbe thick : master of btooraa./mSifa^ugr.«». much as four incbreaetoah. ?|tojrh. ; ipnii shown' by - Mr. Pfiijjt^aM'also fine grown plants, and ooeOf therti—% mag fufip^y. formed planfc--wre "awarded ' ttfeprtxe for jthe beit grown planiin tba room. Tire - ornamental foliage . plan to were a,creditable tolleclidn.1^'^oarit took tbe prize for the bertplsntreflowur with a mantophyllam meBiitiwfc v-Ifr. Mr, Lucre took the prisa' ft* AiXirSant* suitable' for' table;! dedctnttidh^pah 'A fern, aJphelangium,twodreqsBfire,%}aeper agns, plnmosns, and acyperna: "■WmiBsfc ! of the classes in cats there Messrs. W, Lucas, G. Bailey ^MSr -Hall), . "and G.. Piatt were, t beprihripar'prire. • takers, and exhibitors. TI&towreA; very meagre show of makeApe/wod't^g^ins m pity thit more intoiret ^.iaot^wken io floral: decorations. Tfiere"was difly one bridal and one handbbnqae^'ana both arrangements were the haD&workofMisa; Mnriel McGilchrist. TbeyWmeineatand; pretty. - One lady's hieckBpw^^taste-. fully made up lyr Mine "OeM^de was awarded the priae. ; The :co<hpe|itioa for: ge n tie me tis's fru t ton-holes :was heater, and Mrs. LoUtit"*wre de&MJ;^!y;''pI|ioed first: fpr tlje best three.' ltijis''-Grare_LoQtit took;prizesfor a basitot~ofjpimid^; fibwem and a bona net of . wild fio wme-against Ajfrena Vodi^ti^^The„4i^fsfi6ra" dpsignhig seeMitobeSadlrr . '»hd. theoufrflniasnehoi^v .ftepresdhtnition Stock'and othor Sowers 6; *' Behbla. Two "eperjtnre And Miss DeMole's was adj S^ere were .dereu%:wntrireSm>^aitaV nr. H. Smith wre. awarded wkb? prita' for —12..: apfdes " jrtth the:# Stone Pippin. variety,:, and Sfr,$yBailey' earned honors fcw^ hiB fioam ipears. Some fine large oranges jof at^fHaVef variety, grown, by'. Mr. Isspfeiv' jof' Padthaway. obtained a prire-^^S^igMd sample -or lemojiseateiUd t^ jviK^Sailejr. Lwas nonridered well wortoy r^t ai^first award. < There was only, a faS^SioWof . vegetables, and - the pnncipal. extnbjtors and prite-takere wera^Wjlomd^auDeee gardeners. . lit this ~SecitioQ --there was ^Bothii^ tiiat called for speciM h^quiwQt. ■" v VMISGEL^I^OC^'c: '' Onderttiis. heading came a 'i^^aty of exhibits. B. Blackmore shoW^^ well exeented bit .of naacratne woijb 2n the knitted aorire and stocking "j^aacles there .was g ood competitk>n,Mis8 Sutherlandsod Jdrs. Bobhrtsoa being the most reccoaaful exhibitors. A . very.-good ooBaction of fancy work by E. Blackmore, whtcli gave evidence of ekrli and daktority-with the needle, gainedfirst prise.. Mr. F'.tiolmea'k dever pieee 'of firet "work of tnLord's preyer wasjplacha fimt in itsriaWLind two mottoes: "GbdtleW'w home,-atod "In: God we trust," executed by MreMarks, were placed aecond.. The b&e;^^Mbit Wps a card'basket, neatly eMoi^finm Wellbredandpretty petbirdswene^bown. Mr. Houghton, a local bird fMfier, took the prise for the conary,and lb. W. F. Iiontit was aWarded fim honors for his parrot,-an. old warrior ifi yeare'of age. Balph. and Tom Lontit* entered.< *tamp albums:: mdl.filled, with &tainpa-; <c^, all nations.^ ntftas Bella Shanks bwf•" Mr. John MeGitcbiist in the book polish iomitest, Mr. dames 'Apdmson'a . .., zed borns wete a nica piapeief work, and there were several other good mdfibita of tbe^ain^^nd; ^fclmrea^dacpltoo of sheUB,aad they w^ideservad the honor. The^Wocolleotioiis oonsistad «jf abeOt fiOO abells.eoatainti» close on '900 varietiaa all [^amed.'-and classified. Another' note, worthy collection was also efaowre ' DOGS. ; There is not much to say in r^erenoe to -flie canine -department or the exhibition. Several good tough-coated oHSga/irere ahown,~bii£ the other cxlnhits wereonly fair. . The (^reyhoond that obtained the firet prize has been placed first in theguna rdass -for three years ronning. . It is a-good' dog, hot fanlty in the shoulder. Inclnd ing the sheep dog contest there were 2S entries in this section. ON EXHIBITION. / Aihong ihe most stri^ng artiales on exhibition were two oil paintings and two water-color puatings' done -by 'fiCss Florence Stewart, of Baker's Bange, aged 12 years. Both paintings were besuti folly finished, and if they are a fair sample of the young artist's wont she. promises to be a genins in the art of painting. Mr. White, representing the Weriheim Sewing Machine . Company^ had maoBines' on hxhiffitionand ex{uained their working to nnnibers of euquirera daring the aay. •The':, representative of fhe Singer ,■ Machine - Company had also A , sand tia the 'show baiiding'i and WM .soirdoiidod by visitoEB all day.: Messrs. Ffilstuiiiii )U Jiad a nicely foul oat which attracted^ igbt Mr. Jas-fAnderson ":e*—- . of polished Ijoroi'^jWpsh j g^^aifeyrttty Mf. D.jQ Mflt. I Greeted oVthesroi'Ww i |5fr^r*pHang model of a windminor ™a ^yVdwro construction, which be ahdinsr't0 "|81 ^9^mai^e fibdkiheap. "A briskttt^ws^ ^v-f^36ao -inembroideriog names . and dances ^ /'-dn'handkerohiefa by maciuim^lft^k -lady'; .and gentleman from iAdeli^e.^f ~ y-Aheyalso sold several san^irtig 8CH(K)LW0aK: ftvujuayjgt wuwimHa \- —-«# part of oUsMl of--i r .jvery. .intarestanjr,. and atti r: worehot eo numerous as lastyesr^ and ft,. :fldwagh the wmpttition: js ig»B:to <ny; iJ p?S!^ W^4iibrt8 were; ^efiy from the" r c^emw jii "the NaJraooorte ffistaScti dnd . . evStoJall of ; thosedid not ohfef. Alto ^ . Jliere;were '285 entrim^compared v; ? '*1% 305 received last year, wbirawno wed J -a failing effof 50 entries. JJS^toandjh j .J" scboohwhich carna oat wellin , petiiiontwelvemootha«ge,"didwothhow1 " anything thbtime, kS^8Mne0# .the] , schools in onr own district WmdSieamikit- j \- ed last year wen also missing from rtheJ ; 'contestyAn exhibition of thiskjpd gives j ;;:<he parents an opportunity of seeing what 1 \-->4*W*-aMWl w^^ht^ar^^lto j^ofdoingi tadwfco wsi what lniproveniiHit j r, ^tliiBf WBimbng. anl yB diiiit jt W : r-T®e Well if all tbe schools in: the :UisT—^ ifciaifc:* lively interest-4n .the" schoplwprk i ar.d»pMts»iit< ofthe ^ev and helped to*! e the children's portionof it s sucoaes j .y wy .Sending in exhibits. » Tbefbllowing echoes .oofnpe^d at tiiis yeer^r —: ;■ Jfonaooei^ ■ -5«s^,sSte«rart'a. Ban ~" ■■**-'■ "•SoolIjagboD.and Mr.i *mtfiarant schools in tha »riom. wecti<HM | ■-^iett-WriTr*fW***°""T' 25,.-*asBoal -work 1 ,28, needlework 28, ^tofad ,154^ T"'~J wajtw^ngsflStntj rrKonetta--writiag fc«CP»»Mgj2«fe/ ; " l^« de«dlewnrk l, total 27*. The *00* ; ^jS^^BUtriMnoeivediuea^iee^ionWere:^ g 9Q, drawing 6§7 manual work . ■Jiiieods JftpeadleWoA 47,total i acWU gained 1 ..M~aajfdIlo wsNarauMBteJzf firsts, ^seconds, and 16 thirds; Hear Nana- - thirds; " iierpd, 4 firsts, 1 second, and I i pnetia, 3firata and one second;: L'I'&inSt;,! second, aad'2. thirds; i,"2 firsts and 2second»; Stew m^s, 5 fusts, 4 seconds aqd-1 third. iteft^wingtiMM^yn^d^^ waiJsjrlik. arainiB he tadsfc found"it■ adilficslt task to got "Tiiswork.- Thojasedlework was y the Misses McKay. In'writing doted copy books by children of •adseconddasseg were very, : n Was veiy lord to separate 'wame bfthebooka doneiyjchildrsn inthe mt. ^tk?hn f/inaOi «1flU rotoe DDou ujr. vwiuncu iu vuy v,ut.i.n-cuusi showed careful" Work. The . 'nmbtaboa aod% traascriplaQn books .by vgipj^lsjn'thejfatclamwerefromfair to r TOkceUtek and the same work by the' ^Ira&Bgji;'juaBs: scbolsrs. an* good," the first; '^^TOSgbkbibit being .exceptionally" meri s-fo0(§2^.rThe<dictation and transeiiption. tboofaiby. theyiiveiiiles In^Uifiother dun • iir^';ahow^ ,v ei^C w the - £fm. "' ' ;:xbihpetitbra'^^ "g' most lay. l^d dmwinB-wss-Iwa ^'^ba''ac^adr»mhe^.-^.' fo.urth':class;Wa3 nat lalto p'.^e atsbdai^ ^bpngb the Stokers vjuir jsx&elUht.;' it 'yeqCdi^d^li' H4wa:the exhibits ^of Frite A5irrbM3i, nte'.ThomBon, Liezie Jloel,.and STnKeti ^dbwmeit . Tbe fifth class smile Qmmag vwaWiigtily commended." Tbe inannal work' Oi^ea'pretty display, ,'and the exhibits , ^hdwed that an smonnt of ingennity. -at^4 ekillwerereqairedtotnrntnempntao .'Wdb^lfbelmd, paper and - basket' - work r Wasallhestaod tastefnl, while the fret work 'caFdboxrd models and brnshwate iwereWinch admired and appredated ex lubits. The competition in" the Uis .cetianeons elasses was almostiy solely confined to the pupils of the Nanacoortei school. - Miss Rita Boncaet snd Masters" ^41ngh; CajnpbeIl,yohn Moyes and dBerey \- Roucant exhibited some splendidiy -exe wnted ; .illaminated text mottoek . "The visitins cards were neatly written, nndtliC , :^jepcil lahdscape and fiower drawing: WBs { very sredirihle. There was'a capital lot: _ .^,WMdIewd(k"shown, ahd the -jodging ' ^liri«;«k»idy ^acrhtinised and crltioised hy : v^ihcfl^dy adapts wt tbe peedle.7, Some 'eif , ^^e wmlc was excellent. ; .The- srues for', ^'aeerihg were 'divided between the Nana- - ; .wbbrte;'"aad. Near Narraooorte sehools,. ,:tT£s«ti»riier8 of the difl^mntv sCbools~: 'ndm^- booipeted ara deserving of con- :, ^^jgnd^atian for tbe highly interesting and-. ttdditahle display of 'exhibits, which gave j Wvidence of a skady advkneement in «du- ; jtetim^ti wotk. Tim writing exhibit of thn HtpMhs' Anderson, of Sdnetta," were Mphgbt agupddmi of.by the judge, and .' Hu&ts; is tne' fostltime that these yonag " atadents have exhibited in the open ctatees, jibe are son the resnlt most be .gratifying j 