FROM A TECS DIARY. FAIB AND FALSE; OB. A LIFE FOB A LIFE. T looks deucedly suspicious, i'ip ley ! Vou nay you eaw the ^ounc woman running &n; if *l»o was mad in the ction of these building?. and that ten minutes after the man fol lowed uttering vowe of vengeance T " M Vee» that is eo, Dyson." *' And the man and the woman both dis appeared near here ? " " Vet I And they must be in one of the houses, or else have made a bolt of it out in the fluids at the back." " And,to discover if there is any mischief we must go over each of these half- built tenements 1 " " That ie our only plan 1" "What had we better do ? Shall we wait for h little more light, or make a search it «»»ce ?r' "Well, the down is almost upon us now ; in another quarter of an hour it will be broad daylight." "So it will ; anJ from what you have told mo there's evidently something wroug between that mttn and woman whom you followed here, so we will just see if we ran find either of them in the building**, Pipley ! You &re; sure that the mau die appeared on this spot ? " *' Certain, Dyson." " Very well. We'll look over the first house in the row. We never know after thote Whitecliapel horrors what game may be yojn^ on, especially in a lonely __J^»lf-built block such as this new grove." The two policemen who hud been con versing in Lhu forecourt of one of eome half-dozen villa-like bouses in course of erection . upon a plot of ground adjoining Minefields in North London (the pre cise neighbourhood for obvious reasons, sr will bo eeen later on, we suppress;, now made their way into the first structure. This house, roofed in, and each floor near completion, took the constables some little time to go over, and finding nothing lo cause alarm, it was almost with a sensation of relief that they continued to prosecute their search in tbe cther buildings, some of which were but'half finished. The pair of them mast have made theii way in st the front when you missed them, end gone fight on out at the back into tin riokiields, Pipley t Von saw them both disappear here 1" " Yesj the woman first, the nan a few minutes alter her." " And hearing hie foul language mm threats you hastened in bis footsteps 7" " Exactly ; and lokt efght of him just a you came up." " Well, there is something wrong, 1 fancy; I don't like your account of the matter 1" : " I was startled, Dyson, when the young , Woman rushed by ;, she was, too, stylishly dressed, as pretty a woman as I have eeen for eome time ; she was white as a ghost, •nd racing a though for her life." ' •' She said nothing to you; did not ask ' your help?" " Mo, she flew by (apparently wild with .terrui." '' And the man came soon after her T " ■, "Yea." " And yon beard him uttering threats t" j "Vm i as he rushed fiast me I heard him •ay." You jade, I'll stop your game." " A funny bit of business t No cry for , help, or sound of any kind. Well, we will J jostiook out atthe back ef this last of the ] tow, a mere oaroase, and give our report in j Mien we get'to the>tatlon 1 It has gone !iive .1*' " Y4*,' uqd a beautiful morning ; the sun Is jvNt rlninj!. How sweet that hawthorn •molie ? t'ity all tliat iiedge of it should be ' dtwtixiysrt.' explaimed the young constable : 'l^t^y, die having; now; with his comrade, ma le his way ta'to the field at the rear ol t)ir bu tidings, be, strolled towards a thick littlKe.oifiatpl end hawthorn at the bottom uf the plot of laottonwhioh the villas wore 1»tnir«l*ceted. "Hood haarens, Dyson, look at that tank I ** . Selling bis companion by thearm, the youngest of the two polioe here draw M* Mpataiade'a attention toaiatge tanketand Jijili iiMt the hawthorn hsd^e—a eqnare, "jjieavj, «lne teuelneed by the labourer* £hd full of wateralmoat to the brim. A aimulUuieooB °T honor now eeoeped J bom the oonitablet, ertio, for • moment, '.«o»d w though petrified atari ng at the i^k~-&Bt;*nk, liijnii ofwhioh were of *' woman, the band) deoobed, ..AOd^Uedapwarditotheakieil : " Am Ileared, t foal murder hM been perhapeenaoted whiUweetoorl ;;doee».tiiand,''a«idPipley.BeooYering from 5W«trieht, the ©Mutable Djraon now darted | forwardj, hU comrade, with * ahadder,. 'iollpirfnjt sbpelmida him.. j }V. ' In * moment both were leaning orer the j -*«nk with (rented efee,glaring at what wa« 5- within. \- 'VMiM np, as though thniat down with ttttnaet iorae, waa the body of a young woman, half litting, half kneeling, M'he '^Itdfaten jammed into the noeptaoie. Tho Jaoi of <«&» poor thing wm-turned towards lb« theafcjlnjt eyea fixed and Rlaied ■ <f*Ml looking terrible Just beneath the aur - '(im of the water upon whiph bar bog and . beautiful lair hair floated Uke a goasamer w»b 6! fine gold, **,W»a-a-t fail •becok in h«r left hand, ■ lijrtitm l" Reaped the younger of ehoee "'iW-Mticton inM. ' Coi&M; nd hair, tad part of a PleaM lleaven those ^hln«lmay belp juakioe in traoking down vlier MMMto.'' ' . . '! Tb« bmi Imv, Djreon. I aonld rani '*f that oeoktli 3 it waa flying Ioom froa ht< Aitmt M ba duhed by ma, ita gwdr pattern ^Ifcoutd not "mistilt'o ; dark though it ml I c policed the Busing tad and yellow and falae." ■ "* Wall, thU will be a job for Dettotive Mrttwiiil Window ; hall boat the murderer down, I'll warrantj bat do you GT-J, HpUjr. and alva the alarm, lU atay here." . " Ail rilfbt, I ahaa't be many minatae? " Mid the young oonitabls, who, pale and tiervou* (for be had been bat a abort time iAtUeleroel now darted away, le»Tin(t hu tnoiti rtoio companion walking op and down Mw the terrible tank and ita erialy oon *4 .Vi menb end wonderment expressed by the PreM and public abftut the Grove Murder, as it was called, there being not the ! slightest idea as to who was the assassin. lb was at the dose of the second week following the fearful crim* that the matter wa placed in my handed— tile tuft of red hair and gaudy necktie, with the scrap of a torn letter, my only clues. Now as to the hairv as ) said to con stables Pipley and Dyson when I mot them at the Yard, there was very little to be gained by that. Tboueande upon thousands of weil-to>do, good, honest, and moral citizens of our modern Babylon were possessed of red hair. Then, again, the necktie whs a very ebowy afluir, such as might be worn by a betting man or a fast youth of the day. But the few lines of writing puzzled me, though at the flame time giving roe hope. Another incident, too, in connection with this cruel murder ; robbery had evidently not been its object, two handsome rings and a gold watch uod chain being found upon the body, though there was no purse or a single coin. The idea promulgated by many was this, That the murderer bad been disturbed in his fell deed by learning the vicinity of the two constables, whom be may have caught sight of, or heard talking. At the inquest it was discovered that the poor young lady had been half ptrangled and then thrust- into the tank of water.The marks of her murderous aasuilant were pointed out by the aurgeon—a blue livid ring round the fair while throat, together with the torn, jagged spots where the linger nails of the cruel murderer bad been buried in tho flesh. The ccrupB of paper handed to roe by Constable Dyson the lubtor had picked up junt benide the tank ; every eearch had been made for the missing por tion buk without any result. Nothing more was found, and with this meagre clue 1 was set to work to hunt down tho murderer of that poor girl, done bo cruelly 10 death that bright May morning. I was fairly puzzled over this job, for 1 was convinced that I bad somewhere before *oen the features of that dead girl when 1 looked in at the inquest. In vain, however, I tried to recall the when and where. What with this idea and the mysterious paper, i got fairly dseed over the matter 1 conned over the torn letter until 1 grew more irritated than £ had ever been when engaged in a far more difficult and hopeless task, for the few line* were a fair enigma I in vain tried to solve, and yet I felt assured if I could only gather their meaning it would serve me as a olue, Very obscure and vague, indeed, were the few lines of the n rn epistle, which rata thus Dear MiasD Everyday at 11 Mo IVinoe Charming I ea .Joe can aleo have Turn same night bat Him away I'll win I Now, here weg a pucde ; attl the more 1 studied it the more uervou* and irritable 1 became, getting myself into a perfect fever of excitement, for an I hare intimated 1 was certain that if I could fill in the mien iug words the game would very likely be in my hands. Ruminatingund cogitating over the busi rceaa, I waa walking along the 8trand on tbe Monday fortnight after the Grove murder when I, reaching the doors of tbe Gaiety Theatre, bad to turn off the path way in consequence of the crowd waiting the opening of the Uoors. " How fond are a certain portion of tbe public of burles que I" I eiclaimed to a young fellow of mv acquaintance whom 1 shortly after came across at the corner of Oatberine-ftreet ; and thro, aa he with a laugli said, " Yea, you see, Winslow, pretty women show up so well in pink tights andburlesque attire," I almost gave a about; bits words bad put me on the aoent. Prinoe Charming waa gome ' burlesque part; tbe murdered woman waa some actress without * doubt, and I now remembered wiiere I hud seen the poor woman. I bad met her upon more than one occasion in Bow-sireet, and had admired tbe redundancy of her rich auburn bair and beautiful features Hastily bidding my acquaintance good night, I at onoe made my way to the old Harp Tavern, .where I thought I might glean a' little information from an old broken-down pro to whom I had occasion ally given a (billing for a (light service in the paak Upon gaining the tavern, I found I war rather too early for old Hairy Montfort, and, calling for a glass of whisky and eodu, 1 meohanioally took up tbe previous Satur day's "Enoore," and was leisurely glancing at its oontents, when.I wm startled by tbe following advertisement in the " Wanted" oolumn : " Lady to join at onoe for Prince Charm- I ing Touring Company.' Write or wire i n George Sylvester, Theatre KoyaL Port" mouth." Thia was enough for me, and, with no desire now to meet my old theatrical Iriend I, drinking bp My liquor, (lurried on, aud having in my pooket the nocossary funds, callings cab made ab onoe for Waterloo, juBt oatchlng an express for Portrmoulli, and at haU-paab nine, in » high state of ex citement, Was at the stage door of the theatre. " Can I >ee Mr. Sylvester !" 1 interroga ted of a burly door-keeper, who jumped oil hit seat as l strode in. " What is you business, air! The bur i'osque is on." " But I eupposs Mr. Sylvester is bete ? " I exclaimed. " Of course he is. He is etage manager, and be is on at the prompt." " Very well, give him my card : tell him t wish to bare a few minutes' converse." " Very good, sir I Hallo, Stacey, you'ie n ot going to do your turn to-night, are you old man t" " And why not I I'll do it if I brent my nook 1 By all the devils there's tlie blue face again 1" With a rash, knocking down the stajfe door keeper ill his proere»», the man here dashedthrough a door leading ti tiio j I was now fairly od Lbo pceni. Tlimj- | were apptoaohinga crisis, for the rami who j had joat disappeared, I perceived, wore round bto neoka gaudy tie, a portion of which *u missing, "'hils: liiv lunsone head, Idfsoerned, wu covered with a thick wop of unkempt, coarsu red hair. wWbo is that man !" I aaked as the door keener, with a rueful (ace, staggered to hi» " Who i« he t Why, Joe Staoey, the ■traog man. Bell never do hi* turn to night, he haalttd tfw it T*a then last three " I thought I gave your orders not to admit tilacey 19 A slim, handsome* showy younc man at this motrent appeared ut \ he duui throu^U which the excited and ii.- l,natert 6trou<; man huddfrappeurei af<-u uumenU bofore. " 1 couldn't help it, Mr. Sylvester ; this gentleman eaw him knock me duvvn." ** Yes, that is correct ; liui tell ineis this your writing ? " X here, 'ItHwiug to r.he eide of the dtage manager. Iield up before him the ecrap of the hitter ttiat had ao puzzled me. ••That i* certainly part of n note of mine ! How did you come by it 1 But juetstep with me into my room," exclaimed the manager, who grew pule and disturbed io hw manner as I handed him my card. In another five minutes 1 w*« i*entcd with the younp* fellow in a little private room off the stage. " I think I can fathom the mobtiing of your presence here : floinui liing in connec tion with Stucey'u uu^ting wife, 1 *up|>ute." •• His wife ! " I exclaimed, as, iruing to a table, the manager, opening a drawer, took from it a copy of a letter, which he handed over to me for perusal, the coutents of which ran thus !— T.R., Portsmouth, May 16, '74. Dear Mips D'Alberb, Everybody at 11. Monriny. I've oast you for Prince Charming. 1 enclose part ! Joe can alao have a fhop und take hie turn some night, but if you want him away I'll wire him I'm full up. " And you pent thin note to a Mise D'Albort, Mr. Sylvester," I exclaimed. 11 Yee ! She's Joe's wife, you know T " " Was, you mean ! " I here explained to the astonished young manager what had foully taken place, and that 1 hud little doubt that Mr. Joe Stacey bad murdered Iiih young wife. "Good heaven-, how dreadful 1" said Sylvester. " 1 heard of the terrible affair, but of course had no idea that it was my loading burlesque lady. Joe was very jealous of her, and i know there was a young fellow, a stockbroker, w;»s fair cone on her, and so was the poor girl on him ; and Joe found her out I expect Oh, here he his 1 for goodness sake get him away without disturbance!" " Don't you funk it, Sylvester 1 I've heard part of your patter ; this gent is a teo, I know. All right, I'll go quietly, and the sooner all is at an end the better. Come on, officer, I don't want the irons, I wun't slope, I've done it." The wretched man, a big, burly giant of a fellow, here.placing bis arm within my own, drew me out of the room, and presently after, with two or three local police walking behind, I was proceeding with him to the railway station. " Look here, sergeant, I'm guilty ; I settled her I She was a bad 'un I I've watched bar for weeks past, and that night I caught her with her swell ; going in his house she was ; he escaped roe, slamming bis door in my fnce; she made a bolt of it, and, losing him, i went for her. I ran her down at that half- built bouse, aqd I strangled the jade, and put her in the tank! " Othello smothered his wife, and 1 strangled mine ; he killed himself, bat I mast die modern fashion, with a rope round my neck." It was in vain I bad cautioned the on fortunate mau that aII he said would be afterwards repeated by the prosecution against, him. He only, in a thick, hoarse voice of rage, as he recalled Inn wife's in fidelity, explained how he had doue her to death. Arriving at the station, whilst one of the local officers was procuring tickets 1 kept a sharp watch upon my prisoner, for I did not like the scared look in hie eyes, and as be suddenly bounded from tuy side was in a moment after him, but too late to pre* vent an awful catastrophe. With his arms thrown up high, he made a fearful leap full m front of an express train, with a wild, ear-piercing veil, shouting : "The blue face, the ■bright eye?, they are here, there, and everywhere!" Then there was a roar as the train passed over him, the unfortunate mau being picked up five miuuie* afterwards mangled and cut to pieces. He had giveu a life for a life, though I think that had he stood his trial he would not have, under the circum p'.ttncec. received the death penalty. 