Crumbs. I Tenders for contract at at the local post^ office close 30th inbtant4 Annual contracts for rations public de partments, tenders close '1th February* Secure all water rights by 31st instant, or do not blame us for losing them. Kjr- You can't beat Colemane and Sons' Special Eucalypte for Bheumatism. , A lager beer brewery is being erected in Sydney. rirA(1ii/-A 4 *a ?fli n of Pflfl in n«Anl- .«? - ifcuv ^ivuuvy liviuv wu io gicuuCl than the railway department can copa witb; \- and larger accommodation ia roquirtd. The death iaannouueed of the Eight Bev. William Basil Jones, D.D., Bishop of St. David's, in his 75th year. (T?- Bend Washington H. Soul and Oo.'s advertisement in our advortisng columns. The Viceroy cf India cous;dors 1 hat a national movement in aid of tho famine sufferers i9 essential. ; TboJunee Democrat does not tbiuk that Mr. Price's water eohetr.e is a failure. Tho Cros§ says the dam is 26ft. deep. (C|r* The newest shapes in Men's and Boys' Hats for Xmas, both Felts and Straws, at Buins's, Wallendoon-street. Mr. J. C. Watson, M.P.. says tho labour party will alvocato one adult one vote, elective ministers, and the referendum, for inclusion in the federal constitution. A preliminary forecast of the yield of the South Australian wheat harvests gives 2.200,000 bushels from one million acres, being an average of 2£ bushels per acre. ' A tiibe of pigm:e3 has been discovered in the Pamirs, Central Asia, and the live stock belonging to the tribe is also diminutive.' The pigmies worship the sun. Labour is in active demand for farm Work all round this district. Clearing new ground is being let extensively. Wo are to have a record crop in this year. 0^* Beautiful range of soft Shirts, collars and pockets, m Matting, Cellular, Silk Btripes,- &c.;, at special prices, at Burns's, 'Wallendoon-street. The New York correspondent of the Times states that a stotion of the United Slates jingo party will endeavour to prevent a ratification of the Anglo-American arbitra tion treaty. During the hearing of 9 case of stealing at the Young Quarter Sessions on Thursday \- the prisoner admitted that he had at one time been connected with the Gardiner gacg of bushrangers. Ttie building trade labourers at Perth haye demanded an increase of pay from 9/ ? to 10/- a day, and intend to strike unless their demand is acceded to, The contractors liave formed a Etrifee defence association, and will, if necessary, import builders' , laborers from the eastern colonies. ,? ; . v . fllr, G. W. Smalley , the Ntw York corres pondent of the Times, says a seotion of the 41 Jingo' sea&torg; sees a chance of revenge in regard to Mr. Olney'e attitude Awards Cuba by pioventing the ratification of the arbitration treaty between G:eut Biitaiu and the 'United State?. The Minister for Justice last month wrote to the Chief Justice with respect to the r- ? separate treatment of prisoners. The Chief Justice has expressed the opinion that sepa rate treatment of prisoners, if properly car ried out, ia at onca the most merciful ard jnoBt beneficial system of imprisonment yet devised. 0^ Rovers got 43 places in one race meeting on New Year's day. At Yass the Rover won every open event, and at Bathurst every event on the piogramme. , At Foibas they ecorel tbrae firsts, two seconds, and five thirds, and at the Sydney ' ' ' Highland Gathering won every event on the Union programme. This goes to show the popularity of the Kover. — Harry Pinh stone1, local agent. -The bubonic plague has now broken out in Poonah, _ the military capital of 'the Deccan, India, and for six months in the year the seat of the Government of the Bombay Presidency. In Bombay the plague r continues to rage with great virulence, aud commerce is paralysed. The mortality among the natives is very heavy, and the 'v;T- s-r- Mahommedan cemeteries are overcm^-5-': Gold in any.-o.«-^';;-'i-'tw'a0a* Highest cash pricee ' . v- ' n^'amuy Dougnr. &c.;~- R. Bn.vr given for old Jewellery a jn „ TKeftfgess, Opposite Post-office. — r-, object lesson is afforded to Victorian ./.C^;-,^MS'uaftl5armer3 in the fact that during the month of ^ - . December no less a quantity than 8,0C0 tonB of wheat were sent from the Biveriu v district, under bond to Port Adelaide (writes th.9 Melbourne Herald). The wheat is grown iu areas of land north of . the Munay, which were until recently sheep walks, aud is loaded on the Viclorian - rail-. \- -' , ways at the border towns of Wodonga, ' - .l Cobram, Wabgunyab,. and Yarraweyab, ..and conveyed through Melbourne to its destination psr rail. , ' THE ' NEW.. WOMAN ' HAS IT. \- The Judge-— Which ia itho plaiu'tili iu this . ease? . The Plaintiff— -I .am the plaintiff, your s - Lordship^ , The J'iiJ»e— I though!; the wife was the plaintiff ? : Plaintiff— I am the wife, your Lordship. , - ] The Judge— Th-tho dickens you arc I ''--ivY The Plaintiff— I trust your Lordship Tr - ~ . entertains no prejudice against the habili mpnts of the Naw Woman. - yr - - The Judge— Me! Certainly- not.. At- the pamo timo T fool if; rny duty to inform- you \- - thai, you don't stand the ghost of a chance -with this jury. , * ' « The Plaintiff — Why not ? f i-,) - The Judge— Because thoy are all married men. r-.v Shrill voice from fie jury-bos— You're 1 . , - wron^, your 'Lordship, Kour of us Rio 1 whined J 