THE HUMOURIST, I Simple : ' Can you tell 1119, Professor, why mad ness, drunkenness, bad temper, and disease should be hereditary, while eloquence, genius, virtue, and intellect are not so considered r ' The Professor ; ' Because it is so much more pleasant to be able to blame somebody else for the bad points of our cha racters, and yet tike the credit ourselves for all the good ones.' I' Hannah,' said the urstress to the new girl, ' everything is eaten now with forks. Here are the strawberry forks, tlie ice-cream forks, t e orange forks, and the bread forks. ' Yes'rn,' said the girl attentively. A few days later, when a company dinner was in progress, the first course came near being a failure, Hannah explained : ' I hunted everywhere, inx'iun, but 1 couldn't find the soil]) lurks.' A minister, missing one of his congregation from church, called on him one diy to see what was the matter. ' Well, Mr. M'Nab, 1' was wondering what was the matter that you were not at church these few Sundays back.' 'Oh, I have been at Mr. Dun lop's kirk.' Minister: 'Oh! I don't care for my congregation going to other churches, How would you like your sheep to go into strange pastures ?' Mr. M'Nab : 'Oh, I wadna caie a grain, if they got better grass.' A bullying counsel was once completely put out in hi-s ci oss-examination by a very simple auswer. A rather innocent-looking countryman, who was a witness, was asked: 'So you had a pistol?' 'I had, sir?' 'Whom did you intend to shoot with it?' 'I wasn't intending to shoot any one.' Then was it for nothing that you got it ?' ' No, it wasn't.' ' Come, come, sir — ou the virtue of your solemn oath, what did you get that pistol for ?' ' On the virtue of my solemn oath I got it for three and uinepcnce in Mr. Wdson's shop.' The witness was 110 further interrogated, aud was allowed to go. A report spread through the train thit we had a fellow-passenger a man worth '20,000,000dol., who Lad got on at Buffalo. I made inquiry of tbe porter of my car and he replied : — ' Dat's what dey say, sah, but yo' can't alius tell. He's in de next car, but I can't dun say he's r.'ch till mawniu'.' Iiiext morning the poiter beckoned me into the smoking compartment and said Dat story was all true, sab.' 'Then he's worth 20,000,000dol., eh?' 'All of dat, sail, an' mebbe mo'.' ' How did you find out ?' ' From de odder po'tah, sah. De geman has just gin him 10 cents, while everybody eke has cum down wid a quarter.' A well-known Judge, who once presided over a criminal court ' out West,' was famous as one of the most compassionate men who ever s it upon tlie bench. His softness of heart, however, did not prevent him from doing his duty as a Judge. A man who had been convicted of stealing a small amount was brought into court for sentence. He looked very sad and hopeless, and Ihe Court was moved by his contrite appearance. ' Have you ever been sentenced to imprisonment ? ' the Judge ask- d. ' Never, never ! ' exclaimed the prisoner, bursting into tears. ' Don't cry, don't cry,' said the Judge, consolingly ; ' you're going to be now ! ' ' Are you a poet?' asked the editor, suspiciously, of the long-haired young [mail who sought an in terview with biro. ' I'm — I'm a budding poet, sir,' replied the young man, timidly. ' Then I Bliall have to nip you iu the bud,' declared the editor, sternly. ' Now, mark me, if ever you show your face here again I'll crack cocoanuts on it!' ' It's a hard world, sir,' sighed the budding poet. ' Yes, but it's not as hard as cocoanuts are, remember!'' said the editor, threateningly. And the budding poet, in his haste to depart, tumbled down a. flight of stairs and blossomed out at full length on the door mat. A tourist asked the driver of h's car the name of a bridge. ' That's the Divil's Bridge, sorr,' he sa;d. ' Aud what is that mountain called ?' asked the foreigner. ' 'Tis the Divil's Mountain, ' so it is, sorr.' ' And that valley f' pursued the fare with the inquiring mind. ' Well, that's the Divil's Valley, too, sorr.' The tourist, meaning to be very witty, remarked : — 'The devil seems to have posses sion of a large part of this country, in v man.' But an Irish jarvey is hard to beat in a wordy contest, aud this carman answered with extra suavity : ' Why, then, sorr, so he has : but we don't care a ha'porth for that, for why he's an absentee landlord. 'T's in England he lives !' At a circus amongst the performances was an elephant that could play the piano. When the time came for this to be done, a piano was brought into the ring and the e'ephant just after. The elephant sat down on the stool and struck one note. Imme diately afterwards he gave a loud groan, whern upon the manager came up, a.nd, addressing the a udience, said, ' Ladies aDd gentlemen, the elephant has just discovered the tooth of his mother iu one of the keys, and is overcome with grief, so I will imme diately telegraph for another piano. In' the mean time we will proceed with the other part of the per formance.' There is a ' professional gentleman ' in Port land who would make a successful horse swapper. ? Having a farm to sell recently, this descendant of the Pilgrims advertised it, and soon afterward a gentleman called 011 him to epeak about it. ' Well, judge,' said he, ' I have been over that farm you advertised and find it all right, except the fine stream of water you mentioned.' ' It runs thiough the piece of woods in the lowest part of the meadow,' said the judge. ' What, that little brook r Why, it doe.-n't hold much more than a spoonful. I aui sure if you would empty a bowl of water into it it would overflow. You don't call lhat a fine stream, do you r ' ' Well, if it were much finer you eouMn't fee it at all,' said the judge blandly. ' I'm in a great hurry,' said the high school boy as he sat down to dinner last night. ' I've got to dress and get right off. There's a new bicycle club, and I'm to be voted in to-night.' His mother, who was something of a clubwoman, remonstrated. ' You mustn't tie there, if your name is to come up ; that i-n't club etiquette. Besides, suppose you shouldn't be elected ? ' ' That's all right,' said the high school boy, swallowing with difficulty a considerably larger piece of rye bread than good manners sanctioned. ' Dick Hendryx is president, and he's putting me through. There's only seven 111 the club, aud one fellow is in my class, and he'll vote for me ; and another wants to borrow my lantera next week, and he'll vote for me ; aud Dick s lys if the others don't he'll punch their faces ' The following incident happened in a police court P? not long ago : — A witness for the defence had just \- ' been examined when the piosecuUng police serge int stood up to 'crush him,' commencing by asking him sternly, ' Why did ycu hide Sullivan in your ,j house on that Sunday night ?' The witness replied, * '? I did uot see Sullivan at all on that night.'' ' Will ' you swear your wife did not hide him ou that night?' ' Ye-es.' 'Will your wife swear that Hi she did not h.^e the prisoner on the night in ques !fl tion ?' To thin the wilntss replied very besitat RATIONAL COSTUME. The Vicar of St. Winifred-in-the-Wold (to fair bicyclists) : ' It is customary for men, I will not say gpntlemen, to remove their hats ou entering a Church !' [Confusion of the ladies Roto and Ixiona Bykewell.J — Punch . inglv, ' Well— I— don't— think — so.' The sergeant, who thought that he had now got the witness fairly cornered, exeliimei, ' All ! aud perhaps you ciu tell the ciurt how it is you caa swear your wife did not hide him, while she cinnot swe ir the same thing. Speak up now arul tell the truth.' 1'h's was said with a most knowing look, and a smile to the Judge, as much as to say ' that disposes of this witness but, instead of being in the least embar rassed, the witness unhesitatingly repliel, ' Well, you see I'm not a mairiei mui.' The eonfussioii and discomfiture of the sergeant was so great that it was with great dillieulty that he was able ta proceed further with the case. The following incident is related by Croake James 111 his interesting book, 'The Curiosities of Law aud Lawyers,' in connection with an attempt to obtain a patron saint for lawyers. St. Evona, or Ives, of Brittany, a famous lawyer in 1300, was lamenting that h's profession had not a patron saint to look up to. The physicians had St. Luke ; the champions had St. George , the arthts each had one ; but the lawyers had none. Thinking that the Poje ought to bestow a saint, he weut to Rome, and requested his Holiness to give the lawyers of Brittany a patron. The Pope, rather puzzled, proposed to St. Evona that he should go rouud the Church of St. John de Latherau blindfold, and after he had said so many Ave Marias, the first sa;nt he laid hold of should be his patron ; aud this solution of the difficulty the good old lawyer willingly undertook. When he had finished his Ave Marias, he stopped short, and laid his hands on the first image lie came to, and cried out with joy, ' This is our saint — this be our patron.' But when the bandage was taken from his eyes, what was his astonishment to find that, though he had stopped at St. Michael's altar, he had all the while laid hold, not of St. Michael, but of the figure under St. Michael's feet — the devil ! Thi3 St. Evona, of Brittany, it is said 111 Carr's account of the Netherlands, 684, was so dejected at the choice of a patrou saint that iu a few months he died, and, coming to heaven's gate3, knocked hard, whereupon St. Peter asked who it was that knocked so boldly. He replied that he was St Evona, the advocate. ' Away, away,' said St. Peter ; ' there is but one advocate in heaven : there is no room for you law yers.' 'Oh, but,' said St. Ev .na, 'I am that honest lawyer who never took fees on both sides, nor pleaded iu a bad cause, nor did I ever set my neigh bours together by the ears, nor lived by the sins of the people.' ' Well, then,' said St. Peter, 'come iu.' So in he went, and thereafter became the patrou saint of the lawyers himself. ' Talking of ghosts,' sa:d the man iu corduroy, ' I had an experience once that nearly turned my hair grey. I arrived late at night in a little valley town out west where the only hotel was one of those amateur grimcrack places with worsted mottoes 011 the walls and plants in the windows. The land lord himself lighted me to my room and saw that [ was made comfortable. I was dead tired and sleepy, and dropped off the moment my head touched the clean, lace-bordered pillows. I was awakened some time toward morning from a sound sleep very sud denly, by a strange grating noise, aud by the dim light I saw a man rise through the floor of the room. At first I thought he had come to murder me, but the longer I looked the more certain I became that he was no mortal man. I lay shaking until daylight with my head buried in the bedclothes.' ' And then ? ' ' Then I saw my own clothes neatly sur mounted by my hat disposed on the frame of a dumb waiter where I had placed them when retiring. The landlord had hauled them down, brushed them caie fully, and sent them up again, giving me a fright that nearly turned my brain.' 