-The Witdo s eWa r. (By BOSE ASHLEIGH.) CHAPTER XXIII. A' GHOST FROMt ERL OASSIDY'S PAST. In the drawing-room of a handsome Bhouse in Boston a family party are assembled about the centre table, at which, after the English custom, the lady of the house is making tea from a great silver urn, chatting the while with the group around the table and fireside. Among these last sits one who seems to be held in special esteem, for when he speaks all hush, and when he is silent the others speak of or to him. A servant enters with the day's mail on a silver tray, which he places on the centre table. One of the ladies present assorts the pile of letters, and Lays, with a saucy air, as she hands one in a feminine hand to the gentle man to whom we have referred: 'Ah, he's been at his old tricks down in South Carolina, mamma here's a letter for him from a lady.' ' ~Why, Erl, my son, I thought you went to the South for your health ?' said the mother, with playful sar casm. 'Are ladies proscribed by the hygiene, then ?' said our friend, Dr. Cassidy, as he took from his sister's hand the small and delicate envelope she handed him. 'I think they ought to be prescribed in your case, doctor,' said Miss Cas sidy, standing on her toes to catch her tall brother's imperial. * way so, miss wiseacre. ' Because you're such a cold-blooded, phlegmatic wretch that you require to have the circulation .put into violent action in order to drive out the im purities of conceit and masculine vanity that are at the core, sir.' 'It has not been my experience that your divine sex exercise just that effect as counter-irritants, little pro fessor,' said Cassidy, smoothing back the sunny curls from his sister's brow. ' Humph! I suppose you mean to say that the sunshine of woman's smile causes the spors to germinate, and consequently that it develops the disease instead of exterminating the seeds of it. Well, that's just because you've never met with the right sort of a woman, Sir Toplofty.' 'Which is the right sort, then, Sis ?' ' Why a woman that, like the cen taur, can blow hot and cold in the same breath-that can sun you until the miasmic infection of pride and arrogant conceit stirs balmily up to the top of the water, and then with the nipping frost of her indifference freeze you as hard as an iceberg.' 'I haven't met that species yet, Clare, and much I doubt if I shall.' ' Ah, I understand that inflexion on the last pronoun, sir. You fancy yourself proof against both the sun and the frost-your hour is to come. Beware, Erl Oassidy, the arch-flirt will fall.' 'And when he falls, he fulls like Lucifer, never to rise again.' And with the air of a tragedy queen, the young lady stepped away, while her brother went to the shaded read ing.lamp and opened the letter. It was as follows: Exxoon, - . Your letter received. If you have any regard for me do not return to Elkton now-the town is rife with scandal concerning your attentions to me. Your presence here just at this time may be ruinous to my reputation. If you are in the town it will never be believed that I do not receive your visits. Till you hear from me again, Scome no more, I pray you, nor send me any letters. EvTHEL -IAUGIHTON. The Haughton coat-of-arms was on thg dark seal that closed the envelope. Replacing the letter within its cover, Dr. Cassidy put it in his pocket, and resumed his place at the fire. ' At least, it's not a love-letter, Erl, or you'd never have got through with it so quickly,' said Clare Oassidy, coming up to his side and leaning her head against his arm. ' Oh, yes, if it was a short one,' said the doctor, smiling. 'No; even then you'd have lin gered over it, and re-read it, and turned it about.' ' Why, you seem strangely familiar with the symptoms, little puss.' 'Well, that's just about the way I treatyour letters, doctor-when I get any, you lazy fellow, that soarcely ever writes to me-and if I am that way about yours, what would Inot be with the letters of my sweetheart, if I ever get one ?' 'I hope you don't expect to care as much for the letters of a sweetheart, that you'll get by the bushel, as for mine, that come like angels' visits, few and far between.' 'And short! Well, now that you mention it, I doubt if I shall ever care for any man or his letters as I do for you, Erl.' 'And I much more than doubt if thei man lives who will care for you as I do, little girl.' 'Then why don't you let me go South with you next week, and keep your house and take care of Haroun ?' 'In the'first place, I'm not going South next week-I've changed my mind-and poor old Haroun is given away,' ' Given away ! Why, Erl, I thought you'd have parted with one of your hands as soon as give Haroun away.' ' So I thought once.' ?id y?ou give him to an--an ?' asked Clare, with a. soft affectation of timidity, and: casting a sly, mischiev ous look up 'from under her gold lashes at her brother's face. 'Of course not-to a poor, lone little woman, who needed a friend and protector more than I did.' 'Exactly! I thought so! Presently you'll fi~nd out that Haroun is not competent for either office, and then you'll fling your elegant self into the breach, Dr. Cassidy. Ah! I see now why it was absolutely necessary you should hurry back the very instant you got mamma out of her business trouble.' ' But I've changed my mind about going back right away,' said the doctor, laughing at the hot'resentment in his sister's pretty face at the bare idea that he should be in danger of surrender to some Southern en chantress.' But despite the lightness of his manner there was sharp and anxious concern in Erl Cassidy's noble, manly breast to know that any act of his hadi brought trouble to poor Ethel's life, and that too in the very shape he had sought to avoid. What could he do now but comply with her prayer and remain away from her ?-any attempt to remedy the evil by a different course might only in crease her embarrassment. On the other hand, to leave her in the meshes of that most unscrupulous and designing villain, Griswold, whose devilish purposes none other than himself suspected, was a thought full of deepest and most painful concern to him. Important business demanded his presence for a little while longer in the interests of his widowed mother, who would not be.content that anyone else than himself should attend to the matter in question. Meanwhile he might be able to decide on some plan of action that would enable him to keep a watch over Ethel's life without casting any reflections upon her. With these and similar disturbing thoughts the doctor went forth from the warmth and brightness of the beautifulhome and the loving house hold circle to smoke his cigar and revolve his ideas in the starlight of a clear, cold Northern night, where every gleam from the diamonds in the sky shimmered on the white expanse of newly-fallen snow that covered street and housetop. His walk led by the Opera House, from whence the bird-like notes of the Swedish Mocking-bird greeted his ear; the temptation to quiet his perplexed thoughts of Ethel in the delicious waves of sweet sound that came to him to so alluringly was too great to be resisted, and the doctor entered the house just when Jenny Lind was in the midst of one of her most angelic flights of song. A passionate lover of artistic music, the doctor was soon lost to all other surroundings, than the heavenly warblings of that wonderful voice that seemed to have borrowed its magic from the divine choirs. It was near the close of the first act in the opera, and, when the curtain presently fell, the doctor felt a hand upon his shoulder, and turned to find one of his old acquaintances, who said : 'Delighted to see you here, Cas sidy-didn't dream of such a plea sure; thought you'd buried yourself alive down in the malarial swamps of the Southern coast. Buit come with me-there's an old friend of yours in the house, and she has sent me to fetch you.' 'She! Ah, that sounds interest ing! Who is she?' 'I am forbidden to mention names.' 'Decidedly interesting! Smacks of Paris or Seville!' By this time the two gentlemen were approaching the door of an elegant loge overlooking the stage on the upper gallery. His conductor opened the door, and ushered the doctor into the presence of a very beautiful woman, almost enveloped in black Spanish lace, with the diamonds of her parure gleam ing through the interstices, and the ivory polish of her bare arms and shoulders taking purer hues from their black drapery. Large, languid eyes like Cleopatra's were raised to meet the visitor; and through the scarlet lines of smiling lips the glitter of even rows of sharp-pointed teeth queer teeth for a woman-showed like 'Orient pearl.' UTnder the superb aplomb of the doctor's manner there seemed to be the faintest sign of annoyed surprise as he said, bending over the large but beautiful white hand she held to him: ' You here, madam !' ' Even I. Wherefore not, caro mio ?' murmured the lady in the rich, me lodious accents of Tuscany, her native land, as looking around she saw that she was alone with the doctor. ' My surprise arose entirely from the fact that you could be here, and I not feel it by magnetic tuition,' said the doctor, with a smile so hard and bright, and full of polite satire, that the lady bit her lip and flushed to the edge of her black velvet bodice that left her lovely shoulders cleanly out and statuesque as Juno's. 'You would not be so cruel if you knew all,' replied the lady, softly, and making her great black eyes say un speakable things. ' ruel! Why, madam, even you could never make me that !' 'Have some pity on me! ' she said, with a quiver of real pain on her lip. 'I have been and am most-most un happy.'., '. Do you believe in the Nemesis, the dark,. implacable divinity that metes out to us what we have measured to others?' asked the doctor, looking very straight into the lady's eyes with that clear, cold gleam in his own that could make his face as hard and stern as-his brilliant smile made it soft and warm when he chose. 'I cannot answer you here. I can not speak of the past in this place; but, oh! I must speak of it some where. Do not look at me like that. I am alone in the world now-so bit terly alone! I have crossed the sea to find you, though I never dreafned it would be thus, or here in this city. I will go away again if you bid me go after you have heard me; but you will not-you cannot send me from you unheard.' There was pitiful prayer in her strange dark orbs-a wild pleading in her low, sweet voice that all the strains of the grand orchestral music could not drown; and hearing it Erl Caseidy's thoughts sped back some years into the paset-a mist of passion ate remembrance clouded his vision to all save the gorgeous woman before him, and when she laid her hand gently on his arm, and said in Italian, 'Take me home; I am weary of this,' he rose like a dreamer who walks in his sleep, and followed by the divine notes of one of Beethoven's heavenly symphonies, Erl Cassidy went away, with the foreign lady draped in Spanish laces leaning on his arm. fTo be coninued.~) 