CHAPTER'' XXI'y\—“AS IN A 'GLASS, : ' darkly?” ; • Ojj the night following Miss Hernoas tle’s adventure Sir-Peter rode 'home wards front Castleford,' where he had been visiting-, cfose upon midnight;-. He. was in-high.good spirits—for him> .The night was/: loyelyy bright as day.-; and twice .as .beautiful. .In -his elation "just1 then. aliVriis constitutional dread of ghosts, of'“black spirits and white, blue spirits and- grey,” Vanished, and he was actually trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scampered along. . . The clocks of Castleford, plainly heard 'ih’t.hc stil'lness,:'were striking twelve as the:bardnet entered-his own domain and rode up the avenue. What was that? His horse had shied so suddenly as nearly to throw him off. They were near a huge oak, called the King’s Oak, from the legend that the Toiing Pretender, had once taken re fuge there from, his pursuers. Its great branches cast shadows for yards airound anil slowly out of those gloomy shadows —oh, Heaven!—a figure came—a white figure, with streaming hair, and face upturned to the starry sky. All in white—true ghostly garments—noiseless, slow, it glided out, and stood full in his pathway. . . The bright, bold light of the moon shone full upon it,-and he sa/w—the dead face of Katherine Dangerfield!. Katherine Dangerfield! Not a doubt of it.... Who-should know that face bet ter .than he, as lie used to see her long ago in her white di-ess and flowing hair? Katherine ■ Dangerfield, with a face of stone upturned to the midnight sky. He sat frozen:-for a ‘moment frozen' with, a horror too '-intense fop words or cry.-. Then: : the startled horse shied again, and . a shriek rang out in the ■ midnight still ness that those who heard might never forget. Then the horse jilunged madly forward, and there was:the sourrd of a heavy fall. - - . The groom, half asleep at Ids post, rushed out—two or three dogs harked loudly in their ..kennels—the groom rushed forward and seized the ‘horse, quivering with affright; He was rider less! At a little distance lay Sir Peter, face downwards,.on the dewy .grass, like a dead man. And nothing else, earthly or unearthly, was anywhere.to hg seen>.-, • The" groom 'echoed''his master’s cry ,as he stooped and lifted iiiet up-' He was senseless—he had struck lijs forehead on a stone, and was bleeding freely. . It. was an awfully ghastly face up?n whjich. the moon shone. •! The double alarm had been heard, jjln ■:fiVe minutes another ‘of •the"fefwjms, sleeping over the st;U>le.‘ camcrhmijng 1 •,to the spot. .p; lj ,. They bore the.stark and. bleet^ngjfqhn between them, found,-his ii’iglrt- lfgjQin his pocket, opened :the dqpi-, 9?j>|ed. him uji to his own room,. , ■’ ,, Sir Peler. however, long; before a stir geoii arrived, had cbme to Himself again. The doctor dressed.' fhc wound, oh- jhis •'.forehead, which was-trifling, prepared a, sedative, and administered it.. . . f‘ The news spread, as such news ia< pretty sure to do. By noon 'that day all' Castleford knew" that" Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had beheld Katherine Dangerfield’s ghost under the trees, of Searswood—bad fallen from his horse in a fit—had. struck his temple on a stone. The news spread—it was the talk of the town—and among others came to tho ears of Captain O’Donnfell. - He walked over;, dt was past three when he readied Searswood. On ex pressing liis desire to see Sir Peter, he was shown up to the baronet s room. “I trust I am not an-intruder,-Sir Peter,” the young Irishman said, com ing forward'; "but -hearing of your ac cident -” . ... “Come in, O'Donnell—^coma-An! ’ the sharp, querulous voice of the Invalid* said. “I wanted to see ybu.” The chasseur - came' forward, and' saluted Hiss Herncastie, ■'who for the time being was installed as. nurse. _ “And with your permission, Sir Peter; now that Captain O’Donnell has come, I will leave you for a while,” j stiid -.the governess. “I have not been out to- day, and iny head aches. - I-will administer your medicine, though, before I go.’ ; He took it submissively from her hand. Captain O’Donnell watched, evei^t move ment, and followed the statelyTigure out of the room. She closed the door after her, and they were quite alone. ‘This is a very strange, a'very remark able occurrence, Sir Peter,” he began. “The talk is that you saw a ghost. : A ghost! Now, I thought ghosts were, ex ploded ideas? Will yoti pardon me- if I think so still?” “I wish to Heaven I could!* Sir Peter groaned. .“Unfortunately for roe) it.ad-, mits of.no doubt. As plainly as I see you sitting here beside me,, I saw Kathe rine Dangerfield last night.”. “Sir Peter. I have a great curiosity concerning this Katherine' Dangerfield. Have you any picture of her? I would give a good deal to see ong;” , “Yes, I have,” the sick man.pid. “Do you see that escritoire over there? Open that—the key is in it. Opeh the third drawer to the left and you will find a. photograph of Katherine Dangeriield, taken a month before she died.” Kedmond O’Donnell obeyed. 1 He un locked tho escritoire, opeiied-.the.'draWe^, and produced a picture wrapped in silver paper. It was a photograph,- soft and clear as an. engraving, and. beautifully tinted. The chasseur took it 'to the. win dow, and gazed upon it long "and earn-: Then he returned to his place by the bedside,-picture in hand. ; — •• “Sir Peter, there can -bo no doubt-At is absurd of me to suppose such a thing —there can be no doubt 'Katherine Dan gerfield did die?” “No doubt?” cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all exppression. “Of course, there was no doubt. . Good heavens . above, O’Donnell! I—never heard.of such a O'Donnell sat silent, watching him— pilty, contempt, disgust, all' in liis grave, silent face. “I won’t stay to dine to-day, I think,” the chasseur presently remarked, rising. “Sir Peter, with your permission; I will keep this picture for the present. I don’t see my way very clearly through this He rang. The housekeeper and one of the maids came, and the chasseur took his departure. The family were in their rooms dressing. He made his’ way out unnoticed. (To be Continued.) 