ORIGINAL __OEETRY-. S JACK FISHIER'S GHOST. In vain they scoured the forest that echoep mocking back, Their hoarse and frantic coo-ees along the lonely track, The mopoke. drolls the night full," the Smagpie heralds day, Jack Fisher's mates returning declare his fate foul play. Grim visions haunt their `wondering minds, . and fill them with dismay, A longing wish steals o'er them to find their " comrades clay; Before decay sad havoc wrought upon. the sacred bier, But another day of fruitless search only con firms their fear. - Though sad these undertakings, there's, still \- .-?- a sadder part, For who's to bear the dreadful news to break that mother's heart; At last one man decided 'to start that very And.:'sught the hallowed solitude that troubled hearts relieve. : The moon was shinning brightlyas hle neared , the rustic bridge,.- . 'And saiv a queer form crouching upon the dusky ridge; With careful eyes he scanied him, "Good heavens 1 its Jack" said he - In wondering tones he asked him to solve the mystery.': " Blut not a sound wa-s uttered save a mysterious crash, As it vanished in the watery depths with one loud, awful splash, There ne'er was such a phantom; though used to midnight tramp, - He fled like a haunted madman' till he reached the welcome camp., Withl a vildly throbbing heart, and face all ghostly white; His eyes were staring wildly as a war steed in the fight. Awakened from their reverie, the men stare in surprise, Their pipes fall from their slackened grasn, as open wide their eyes.. And then between the gasps for breath, hoarse whispering at the most, He sums up his adventure, he has seen Jack Fisher's ghost; Though with derisive laughter they heard his words with scorn, They planned to drag the river at day break on the morn. The rising sun had left behind the moonlit hours of morn, When in the stream beneath the bridge they found Jack's ghastly form ; But how on earth it got there none of them could say, It always was a mystery, aud 'tis so this day. E.L.H. 