Demonstration" in" LONDON. The Queen's Pragpamme. iWiiat Site Will llo. Javal and Military Arrangements— Her Majesty's GugsIs. The latest advices by mall give the following programme of arrangements for the State ceremonies,, other" '.'than the great jubilee procession, to mark the entertainment of the Itoyal, 'for eign, and colonial visitors to this coun try in the week commencing June. 20, which have In outline received the Queen's sanction, ON SUNDAY, June 20, the Queen and the more Imme diate members of her family are expect ed to attend a solemn thanksgiving service to bo held at Frogmore, when the special prayers for Accession Day jwill be read. There will also bo ser vices at St. George's Chapel, Windsor. On Monday, June 21, the Queen moves I the Court to London, ami will pro ceed from Faddington, which will be reuehed about 11.30. to Buckingham i Palace In semi-State. Owing to the I enthusiasm which this visit is sure lo| cause, ami the very large number of people who will certainly, congregate along the route, It may be found advis able to Hue the streets with troops as well as police. There Is to be a Itoyal banquet the same evening AT BUCKINGHAM PALACE, for the Royal and Princely guests and another for the several gentlemen of the foreign suites. Afterwards the great State, rooms will bo thrown open for the reception of the Corps Diplo matique, and the principal members of the General Circle, and her Majesty tnay receive Some of the more promi nent special guests. There will not, on that evening, bo any military tattoo in the grounds, as at first arranged, tills taking place another day. Tuesday will be devoted to the procession to St. Paul's, and in the ev.ening the Queen' »vlU rest while the foreign Princes may be expected to view the Illuminations. ON WEDNESDAY, the 23rd, there will be a great garden party at Buckingham Palace, to which thousands in London and country so ciety will be invited, while all the guests will be especially present to ac company the Queen. Several military , bands will play at different parts of the Palace gardens throughout the after noon. All the gates leading into the gardens will be thrown open to provide against a crush. Marquees are erect- , ed to provide light refreshment, and at the same time shelter, and the Queen ' Is expected to occupy a special marquee where she can receive a certain num ber of her subjects. The gardens will be gay with (lowers, and on the lakes vHll be boats wherein some of the ghosts can enjoy themselves while lis tening to the bands. In the evening there la to be a grand torchlight per formance of the combined hands of the Guards, and the Royal Engineers, par taking or the nature of a military story of camp life, with night tattoo. Tills will be witnessed by many thousands from the higher terrace in the gardens. ON THURSDAY, the 24tli, . the Queen will In semi- State move the Court to . Wind sor, and certainly on this occasion the route to Paddington will bo lined by troops. Her Majesty will alight from her special train about 5 o'clock from Slough, and proceed with an es- porj of Life Guards to Eton, where she will be received bv the Eton boys and their friends, and In the evening there is to be a grand torchlight pro cession at Windsor Castle. ON FRIDAY, the 2f>th, the great hnnmiot of tile weeic will be held In St. George's llall, Wind sor Castle, at which the Queen, all the Royal Family, and the Royal foreign representatives will be present, as well as Her. Majesty's Secretaries; of State and their yivos. Nearly all tli"- Queeii's guests ori that occasion will b brought down to Windsor by special trains from Paddington. and late spe cial trairt3 will return at midnight with the same guests. ON SATURDAY, the 2Cth, la to he held the great naval review at Spltlieiul, at- which the Prince of Wales will represent her Majesty, and will, review the assembled fleet's, representing all maritime Powers, <m board the Victoria. and Albert. Many Special trains will ruii from London on that day to Portsmouth for the Quoen's guests, and the Admiralty will arrange for special steamers to take these off to positions whore the great assembly of- ships can be viewed, and in the evening all the ships will be illuminat ed with fairy, electric lights, and the searchlights will be flashed in every direction. Late at night special trains will convey the guests back to London. On Tuesday, the 29th, A ROYAL REVIEW Is to be held at Alderahot . under 'the command of the Duke of Connaught, at- which the Queen lias promised to be present. All . the foreign, guests "wilt have special enclosures' on that flay and the Princes will be supplied with ; horses. The troops to bo engaged will ! 1 outnumber those at any review ever ! held on the Aldersliot plains before; and tlie Indian and colonial eontingeiits will toko up a conspicuous place In the march-past. There is lo lie a. Stale ball and a. Ht ale concert, on evenings yet to bo li-red, at 1 '.ucklngjiiini Palace. There will, of course, be from lime to lime additions to this list, mid tin, re may be alterations in details, to suit the con venience of the Queen and of her Ma jesty's guests. .The following is a list of SPECIAL MISSIONS to be present:— Auslt la: The Archduke Francis Fer dinand, with a suite. Bavaria: Prince Rupert and Suite, Captain Ollio Stct- in. Belgium: Prince Charles do Llgne, Brazil: At. de Souza Correa, Minister at Court. Bulgaria: The- Prince and Princess of Bulgaria, with a suite. Cen tral America (Greater Republic): M. Medina, Minister at Court. China: Chang .Ying Hun (Special Ambassador) and a suite. Corea: A Special Envoy and a suite. Costa Rica: A Special En voy, with a secretary. Egypt: Prince Mohammed All Khan, brother of the Khedive; suite, Tigmne Poslia, nnd an aide-do-eainp. Ecuador : Spe- ; clal Envoy and suite. Germany: Prince Albert of Prussia, Prince Regent of Brunswick: suite. Count Schuten- burg and two alde-de-camps (of, his Royal Highimss'.s own Court), Lieu tenant-General von Plesscn and an ulde-de-uarnpi Captain FlBoliel, Impe- rial Navy (attached by order of the Emperor). Guatemala: Dr. Cruz. Minis ter aL Court, suite and secretary, llesso: 'J'lio Grand Duke and Grand Duchess >! T-Iossu and suite. Hekenlohe-Langc-n- burg: The Hereditary Prince and the Princess. Italy: The Prince and Prin cess. of Naples. Japan: Prince Arlsug- wa, with suite of Marquis Ito, Mr. S. Salto, Marquis Kiilo; Masters of Cere mony, Capttlin Funnkl. I.J.N., Lieu tenant-Colonel Muraba, I.J.A., Lieuten ant ICato, T.J.N.. three subordinate offi- cers, and Mr. Nabeshlma. Luxemburg: The Hereditary Grand -Dulte of Luxem burg. Mexico: The Mexican Minister at Paris and a suite. Montenegro: The Crown Prince and suite. Netherlands: Count van Lynden, suite, Count de By- Inndt. Peru: Senor Canevara, Minister at Court, and suite. Itoumanla: The ! Prince -and 'Princess -.Ferdinand of Rou- lr.ania anil suite of General Alexandre ! C. Robeson, Lieutenant-Colonel Con- sturitin Prqzau, Madame Marie Gre- eeand-Steeze, and Mclllo. Ilelene . Casi- mlr. Russia: The Grand Duke Serge and the Grand Duchess Elizabeth Feo- drowa, and a suite of Prince Youssou- lrow, the Court Marshal and aide-de- camp, Countess Oulsou then. Princess Yottssottfrow, and a lady-in-waltlng. Saxe-Coburg and Gotha: The Duke and Duchess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, accompanied by the Heredi tary Prince and Princess. Beatrice and . suite, Oberhof Marshal Herr von Schon. Saxony: Prince Frederick Au gustus, , Duke of Saxony. Servia: M. Aiijatovleli, .Minister, hi Court. Slam: The Crown Prince nnd Prince Mahit. Spain: The Duke of Sotomayor and suite.- Sweden and Norway: One of the King's sons and suite. ' Switzcr- | I land: M. BonrearL. Ttirkcv: One of! I the Sultan s sons or a Fleid-Marclial- I I lie Unued States: Mr. Whltolnw Hold- 1 ! Wurtem burg:. Duke Albert of Wurtein- , burg and suite. ' MILITARY ARRANGEMENTS. The Duke of Connaught will command : all the trooiis In London on June 22, in conjunction with Lord Wolscley, Sir Rod vers Duller, Sir Evelyn Wood and I Lord Aletliueii. A list Is appended of the Jmpiivlal Service troops of tile na tive rulers of India, who are coming specially over to England to appeal' in her Majesty's State cortege to St. Paul's.- On account of their positions and different castes they are housed in private houses somewhere near T.on- | don. They comprise troops from Kaslt- i litir, Patiala, .Tinil, Nttbha, Bahawalpur | and Kapurtlmla. The' colonies will be represented. The ' ROUTE OF THE QUEEN'S PROCESSION. following Is, as nearly as may be, the table of troops:— From Jamaica, 42; Hongkong, 21; Ceylon, CO; Sierra Le one, 12; British Guiana, 23: Trinidad, 20: Cyprus, 12; Gold Coast, 23; Lagos, 22; Straits Settlements, 50; Dyalts, 2G: Malta, 0; Queensland, 20; New South Wales, 52; Cape of Good Hope,- 30; Vic toria, -11; Natal, 2G; West Australia, 25; Canada, 2<ii>; New Zealand, 50. The nflleera will number about -15. and it is estimate'! that the number of mount ed men will be 250. The following is the list of THE BRITISH TROOPS, ordered to be In London:— " Cavalry k-vclst Life Guards, 2nd' -Life Guards. Royal Horse Guards. 2 IK offi cers and men each, ti'.iO horses: 1st Dra goon Guards. 2S4 men; and Dragoon Guards, 174 men; 3rd Dragoon Guards, 254 men; 6th Dragoon Guards, 374 men; 7th Dragoon Guards. 254 men; 1st Dra goons, 284 men; 2nd Dragoons, 374 men; l»th Hussars, 371 men; 12th Lancers, ! 28t mc- ii; 13th Hussar;-, 2SI men; 15th ' Hussars, 374 men; composite squadrons t 6th Dragoons, Kth Ilursars, 17th Lan- I vers, 3K1 men. There are 3380 horses. I Royal Artillery: — D, K, G, J, O, T, U ! Batteries Royal Horse Artillery. 116 officers and men each, 690 horses and 38 : guns; 12th, IStli, 38th, 30th, 5<ith, 62nd, I 66lh; 68th, 82nd, 83rd, Kith, 85th, KGLlt, | 37th Field Batteries Royal Artillery, llti. men each, 995 horses. 65 guns; total of all cavalry — 178 officers, G512 men, 5115 horses, 108 guns. Royal. Artillery as In fantry battalion, 24 -officers; 518 men.; Royal Engineers as Infantry battalion, I 24 officers, CIS men; total, all ranks 1144. infantry. — 1st, 2nd, 3rd Grenadier Guards, 1st and 2nd Coldstream Guards, 1st and 2nd Kcots Guards, 575 officers and men each; total of all ranks, 4025; 2nd Bn. Royal West Surrey, Royal War wick, Liverpool, Lincoln, West York shire, Royal Scots Fusiliers. South Wales Borderers, East Lancashire, East Sur rey, Loyal North Lancashire, Royal Berkshire, Shropshire Light Infantry, Wiltshire Gordon Highlanders. Royal Irish Fusiliers, Ride Brigade Regiments,- 572 officers and men each battalion: to tal, G00 officers, 13,700 men; total of all ranks, 14,600. Militia Artillery. — Fife Artillery (Duke of Fife, Colonel), Lancashire Artillery, West of Scotland Artillery, Sligo Artil lery, 32 officers, 121 men each contin gent. Infantry.— 3rd Bn. Loyat Lancashire, 274 officers and men; 4th Bn. Royal Warwick, 5G7 officers and men; 4th Bn. I Royal Fusiliers, 085; 4th Bn. Somerset Light Infantry, 501; 3rd Bn. Lancashire Fusiliers, 217: 3rd Bit. Royal Welsh Fu siliers, 133; 3rd Bn. South Wales Bor derers, 133; 3rd Kit. Scottish ItiUe.'., 217; I 3rd Bn. East Surrey. 217 ; 3rd Bit. Duke ! of Cornwall's Light. Infantry, 550; .'irti I fin. Royal Sussex, 507; 4th Bn. Derby- ' shire Regiment. 217; 3rd Bit. Royal West 'Kent, 247; 4th B'tl. Middlesex Regiment, 2(7; 7th Bit. King's Royal Rifles, 217: 3rd Bn. York and Lancashire, 247; 3rd Bn. Highland Light Infantry, 247. Total, 371 officers, 5829 men; total of all ranks, 0200. Army Service Corps from Aldershot, six officers, 170 men. Army Ordnance Corps from Woolwich, six officers, 170 men; total all ranks. Of volunteer regiments the following is Lite forecast of the numbers to be em ployed: — Three thousand volunteers front the Home District and 50 detachments of 100 men each from other districts, com puted at 200 officers, 8300 men: 8500 of all ranks. Yeomanry 1b treated In the same way. calculated at 50 officers and . 500 men; total of all ranks, 550. i The following are the grand totals:— Officers. 1995; men, 40,106; 42,106 of all ranks; 5715 horses, 103 guns. NAVAL PLANS, ' Orders have been given for about 1000 seamen, with officers, to be brought to London 1'or Juno 22. The force will be accompanied by two naval bands. A guard' of honour will be stationed at Buckingham Palace, and another at St. Paul's Cathedral. A battalion 400 strong will, be stationed in Trafalgar-square, also 100 chief petty officers. A battalion , of 300 men will also be stationed at St. George's-cir- cus, Blackfriars-road. Included In the .above will be representatives of all ratings of the various branches of the .service. Drafts will be taken from the gunnery and torpedo schools at Ports mouth. Dovonport, and ShoorncsK, ami from the Channel Fleet and coast guard ships. The corps of Itoyal Marine.-; will.be represented by a battalion of Royal Marine Artillery, strength about 400 of all ranks, and by a battalion of : Royal Marine Light Infantry (of the Chatham division), strength about 400 of all ranks. They will be stationed In Trafalgar-square. A company of : 100 men with ojncors will represent the ; Royal Naval Reserve. It has also been ; decided that a number of naval cadets i of her Majesty's ship Britannia, to- j gether with eng inker students from ; ;.L- , ' , ' - V". ( thi training college at Kovhuiii. shall : be stationed at Buckingham Palace. .SLiiY ie. ix cut; J l. Ij 1 i,i', r, cI.'NDjeY. j On June 20 next, the Sunday proced- J I ing the. jubilee celebration, the service Mil the chn.ehoa it Is ordered, .-'shall be tlie same with the usual office . for .Sundays in all tilings; except where i it iu in the special office otherwise ap- I pointed. 'Morning or evening prayer shall begin with this sentence, taken I from L Tim. ii. l, 2, 3: "I exhort that j first of: all supplications, prayers, In- j tercessions, and giving of thanks be I made for all men; for kings, and for lull that are in authority; that we may j lead a .quiet and peaceable life in all I godliness and honesty: for this Is good j and acceptable unto God our Saviour." THE PROPER PSALMS appointed for the day are xx., ci., cxxl, | The First Lesson is . to Tie read .front Joshua I. to v. id, or Proverbs vlll.. to I v. 17; and the Second Lesson from I Romans xili. to v. 11, or Revelation xxi. I 22 — xxii. 4. The Creed will he fol- 1 lowed by special suffrages, and after ) the first Collect at morning or evening i prayers the following Collect will be ' s.ikRr— "O God, which providest for Thy people by Thy power, and rulost over litem in love, grant unto Thy ser vant our Queen the spirit of wisdom and government, that, being devoted ' unto Thee with all Iter heart, she may so wisely govern litis kingdom that iu her lime t lies' Church may he In safety and Christian devotion may continue in peace; that so, persevering in .good works unto the end, she . may by 'L'hy guidances come to Thine everlasting Kingdom, through Jesus Christ Thy Son our Lord, who liveth and reigneth "with -Thee and the lioly Ghost ever I one God. world without end. "Amen." The Office also substitutes SPECIAL PRAYERS for those usual ly said for - the; Queen nnd the Royal Family nr. Matins -artel' Evensong.- In I he Got out union Service, instead of the Collect for the Queen, the Collect, "O God, which pro videst," shall lie said .after the Collect for the day. The Epistle will tie 1 St) Peter il. II., and the Gospel .St. Mat thew xxii. TG. Tills thanksgiving is to be said immediately after tlie general thanksgiving:— "O Lord, our heavenly Father, we give Thee hearty thanks for tin; many blessings which Tliott has bestowed upon us during the sixty, years of tlie happy reign (if our gra cious Queen Victoria, We thank Thee for the progress made In knowledge' of Thy marvellous works, for increase- of comfort given lo human life, for kind-' THE ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY, Head of tlio Church of England, who will take the leading part in the religious scenes. ller feeling between rich and poor, for wonderful preaching of the Gospel to many nations, and we pray Tltoe that these a7td all Thy gifts' may he long continued to us and to our Queen, to . tlie glory of Thy Holy name, through Jesus Christ, bur Lofd. i Amen,"- .- . '- p 