ASTOUNDING LOCOiOTOR i ; ATAXIA CURE. .— -^ ? . DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD' OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian Workman) Our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown- lano, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is ono of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. Ho was discovered nursing a baby, and his i'aco declared him to bo one of tho happiest men in Sydney. In reply to tho preliminary ques tions ho said : 'You want to know all about my case! Well, lam glad of an opportunity to toll you. The facts may bo of valuo to those who are stricken as I was.' 'How long were you suffering ?' 'About five-and-half years ago I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a hath in Pitt street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail and aftor four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forcod to give up my billet at tho Glebe Islands.' ' What wero the symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains wore somothing terrible. They wero for all the world liko as if a saw wore cutting my bonos in two in overy part of me. I had no control over my bowels orbladder.aud was a nuisanso to mysolf and everyone. I was incessantly shivering and shak* ing, and could neither eat nor Bleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that - my case was utterly hopeless. ' I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since, A fow weeks ago I could not walk across tho floor; in fact, I could not got out of bed. I felt then it was all over with me, and only a question of days whon I would give up tho ghost. My doctor was attending mo, aud did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to easo tho agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. Ho came to the conclusion that I was sufferiug from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of tho spinal, cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movement, He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never got tho use of my Ieg3.' (Just then tho patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that tho medical opinion is not infallible.) ' Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at nn idea conveyed by tho ad vertisement describing tho cure effected in the cano of another boilermaker in England which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial any way, and sent for a box. Tho effect Was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was tho matter with me. It was the first appetito and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left tho bed and was able to movo about, When taking tho fifth box, I was able to walk nbout with the aid of a stick and was gradually but surely recovering my formor vigor and vitality. You see those crutches thore ? They aro perfectly new, and I have never usod them. They wero made for m'o bofore I got the pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' Mrs. Jarvis, who had como in and taken tho baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved, his life- and mado another man of him.' . ? A friond who called in at this point said that Jarvia looked ten years younger that day than he did a short timo back. 'I can now,' continued Jorvis, have, a cold bath, and all the feel ing has como back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilerraakor, and you know I' have to bo in tho veiy pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I nm better to-day than I have been at any time during tho past five years. I ascribe all tho ohange and benefit to these Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the 'mantelpiece thero is a box of Opium and Mor phia Pills which the doctor gave me to doadon tho exorubiating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows mo has been amazod at the ohange in mo. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quito a sonsation out hero.' WHAT MR. LABOR-LEADER M'GOWAN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gfowan, M.P., loader of the labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly was also seen in connotion with tho remarkable oaso of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. Ho says ho has known Jarvis from infanoy. Ho also knows that he had to givo up his work at Globo Island abattoirs owing to a malady which ho de veloped. Ho afterwards hoard that Jarvis was bedridden, ami that there was littlo chance of his rooovery. Ho understood Jarvi was refused admission to the Syd ney Hospital, as Iub case had. boon pronounced incurable. - Mr. M'Gowan was, therefore, liko every one else who knew the facts, as tounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fox Pale People ' do . not stop shoi't at the euro of locomotor ataxia ; they 'positively euro rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neu ralgia, and iufluertza's evil after effects, and aro a specifio for all diseases of women, mjl'Ii as anaemia, poor and watery blood, femalo irregularities, nervous hoad aohe, and hysteria. They are not a purgativo inoclicino, but brace up and permanently strengthen tho whole system, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills aro obtainablo from all lead ing chemists, or from the Dr. AYil linms' Medicine Company, Perth, W.A., who will forward (post paid); on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 3s. or half-dozen for 15s. 9d. u- 