A GREAT WROHG;! OB, the j MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. «?»!- j 'CHAPTER XXIX. — Continued* -Lady -Bianca, tall, and handsome, and ' graolouB, was about to remove Her glove, to \-- . ' receive the marriage ring, when there arose a commotion at tho door. \- Lady Marlowe glanced round, and saw Sir ; Harry Treaban ad vnncing. followed by tome '? two or threo others. Something in the' eet, stem look of his face struct terror to her heart. :: He caine.up with a rapid, ringing step, straight to the altar rail. Hold I' he cried, his voice like a bugle ; ; 'this marriage must notgo on.' ' . The clergyman Btoppod and stared; old Sir Hereford wheeled round, and angrily de manded what was wanted ; the bride arched her delicate browB and awaited in well bred amazemont; while Lady Marlowe grew white to the blonde crimps on her brow, Tbe bridegroom had turned with the rest, ? and looking beyond Sir Hairy, had caught sight of the little shrinking figure in the background. At a single glance he recognised her. A hoarse ory broke from his lips. He put hiB bride from him and rushed down the aisle. 'Isabel, Isabel I' he cried, 'my wife I my darling I have you come back ?' Showas in his arms in nninstant, clinging about Bis neck, the tears streaming over her white cheeks like rain. . ~ Arthur, Arthur I' she sobbed, I neVeY thought to see you again ; but I have loved you through all my misery I And I have a little baby, your own child, Arthur. We could not bring it becauBe of the cold, but you shall' see it and love it, and you won't let them take it away from mo, Arthur?' ' He held her olose to his heart, bis eyes alight with all their old fire. -. 'I have been a fool, and in a dream ; but, thank Heaven I I am awake now,' he cried. ' She is my wife,' confronting the awe : stricken group at the altar, ' my own wife, and this marriage cannot proceed.' Lady Marlowe and Lady Bianca simultan eously fainted away ; orange blossoms were crushed, laces tumbled, and in dire confu sion tbe wedding came to an end. Isabel still clinging to her husband, lifted her piteous eyes to bis face. ' You won't let them take mo from you again, will you, Arthur ?' she whispered, He Btrained her close to his heart, ' My darling, no 1 No one shall ever take jrou from me again I' CHAPTER YYY, . clotildk's confession. The morning appointed for the execution of tbe murderer of Arthur Trevethon had arrived. The whole story of his crime had been told, and the truo Sir Qeoifrey, tbe man whose name and heritage he bad so long usurped, bad been found, and bruught face to face with the miserable criminal in ?? hiB cell. The two stood eye to eye — Kiog Lear and the man who had so long borne his name. A flash of returning memory brightened : the old mdn.'s eye. v ; ' I know him ; I remember him,' be said. V.ECis name iB Andrew Bruce. I gave my child into his keeping. What has ho done with him?' 'I murdered him,' answered tbe felon, . ? gnashing hiB teeth and rattling bis chains ' as I would murder you now, if I could get at your .throat.' There was 'no doubt of the old man's identity. If there was, the evidence of Lord Harry Bothwell cleared it all away; ' Sir Geoffrey and myself were college chums,' be said, ' sworn friends and allies. If you want a teit, I can give you one. My old friend,' Geoffrey, had a curious mark on his arm — a little scar, precisely in the form of a triangle.' King Lear laughed bis cheery laugh, and pushed up the sleeve of bis right arm. ' What a sharp fellow Rothwell is ; he al ways was,' ho said. ' Now I hail quite for gotten that little mark, but there it is, gentlemen.' So tbe case was settled to every one's satisfaction, and after years of exile, tbe heir of Trevethon was restored to his rightful heritage. In company with Miss Trevethon, jis niece, he took up hia abode at the anceBtral nianslon, Lyndith Hall. And on this cheerlesB winter morning, the execution was to take place. In punish ment of bis crime, Andrew Bruce was to suffer the extreme penalty of the law. But he remained unrepentant to the last, refuB -? ing to see a clergyman or to make the least preparations for eternity. London was all excitement that winter morning, and crowds of eager spectators trooped in tbe direction of the spot, where the tragic deed was to be done, Tbe oriminal was a famous one, and every detail of the preliminary proceedings was carried out with official decorum. The royal troops were in attendance ; the officers en tered the prison to bring forth tbeir victim , they went tramping into the dark cell, and 'found not the criminal they expected to see, but a woman. A ghost they at first Bight believed her to be, and recoiled in amazed horror. A blood less, aged creature crouching on the pallotof straw, her hollow eyes glittering in the gloom like lurid fire. 'Your victim has escaped, and I am here In his stead,' she said, speakiug ia hollow tones, while they stood stunned and Bilent, ' Gold can work wonders, and I had gold. Hang me in bis stead, if you will, but first bring a clergyman to hear my con fession.' The clergyman came, and with the saored. crucifix before her eyeB, the wretched crea ture went on : ' He was my husband, Andrew Bruoo, the man who bas so long usurped Sir Geoffrey TreVethon's name and title, and his son was my ohlld, not Bichmond Trevethon. For long years I have known the secret, and have held my peace. He made me swear by i the blessed oruoifix never to betray him, and well have I kept my oath , but I muat break ? it now. My sins lieheavy on my soul, andl am dying. And there, crouching down in tbe prison ? call, while the dreary morning waned with out and the impatient crowd waited, sho -' made her confession, detailing all the strange ? story of onme and sin which she had known , , ^ . 10 long. ' ' ' Ho waa my husband,' she flaid( in oon ' . elusion, ' and I have saved him from the r J* ? death ho so richly merited. Let him go, Sir \- '' Geoffrey Trevethon is restored to his rights. Heaven saved him from tbo sea and from' ? death by a miracle. I have known tbe truth all these years. His body was cast ashore on ? the French coast, and he was restored to ' ? life j'but his mind was cone j ho had neither reason nor memory. He was cared for by -. / ' ? §omo humane sooiety, and sent with many others to an English mad-liouse. All tbe par ' Honiara of the strange affair were told to me ? ? ?' by one who knew, and you may rely on them, x :. Heaven has restored Sir Geoffrey to his own, . :Z and you can afford to let my wretched hus ? ',?? ? band go.' ' And Sir Geoffrey's son, Richmond ; have i you heard nothing of him since you left bim 1 that night on the banks of the Lorie?' asked one of her hearers. ' ;v, . 'Yes, I found bim again in the cottage of ' ' a peasant woman I She had found him, and -'' restored him to life, but he was like his ?^'' father, left without memory of the past, v That blow on his temple had injured his ? brain, and his mind wa9 a blank. The pens ant woman could not keep him, and 1 took him with me, intending to bide him from An. draw, In tho great eity of London 5Se very / ?day #( my arrinU, while I was almost be«id( myself lest Andrew should- find that the lad Ured , I fell In with a country woman. 8h» Was sitting on the steps of a ohuroh, and wsoptag flt to break her heart. I approaohtd for to inquire the canst!, for my own misery was to great, I seemed to pity all human Buf fering. Se«ing tho child at my lids, ah* gftesed a pioidna-osy : ' Ob, ne looks so much like my boy, ? thought bo had come baak from the grave,' ?ho said, coming olose to me, and sobbing piwousiy. ' I pitied hor, and asked her to tell me hei story. Her husband had gone off to sea, to be gone for years, and sho, having accompanlod him as far as London, was returning home with her son. But the lad had Btrayed out Into the streets, and n runaway horse had kliockcd him down, and trampled on him killing him Instantly. ' 'He's dead, and they've burried him,' sin continued, wringing her hands, my prettj boy, and his father's last words were, 'Taki good care o' the lad ; if harm befall him, I'll ne!er come home to you again while I live. 'Artd ho's dead now, dead and burled, and how shall I ever face his father?' 'A thought flashed into my mind. I wanted to be rid of the poor lad whose life I had saved. I know it Andrew aver found oui that, he lived, be wonld murder us both' so. it struck me that I would give tbe lad tfl this ' woman whose son was dead. I mad- tho proposal to her, explaining that the lad was friendless, and had been injured by - hurt--' She paused, her breath gone, her faoa livid They administored restoratives, and she re covered. ' In hor terrible trouble, tho poor creaturc jumped at my proposal,' sue went on ; 'th« lad was liko her dead son, and sho would take him, and train him up to look upon hoi as his mother, an easy enough thing to do, since bis mind was like an infant's. Well she took him, and — ' Sho paused again, a deeper pallor on hei face, a hoarse rattle in her thraat. Onci more the restoratives were administered, but this time without effect. Sho signed for the cruoifix, presiod it to her lips, drew a long, convulsive breath, and fell back upon the Btraw dead, her story left un finished. Poor, erring, fond Olotilde ; her ' life oi martyrdom was ended at last. A week later, one stormy morning, the current of a swollen river washed the- body of a man ashore, and when the affair wai investigated it turned out to be the body oi the folon, Andrew Bruce. Escaping from a fate he deseived, he had met his death, ' Vengeance is mice,' saith the Lord ; ' I will repay l' CHAPTER XXXI. ' So the whole thing is settled, you see, Miss Trevethon,' said Sir Harry Tresham, relating the particulars of poor Clotilde's death to Lenore, in the library at Lyndith Hall, ' The poor soul died with the un finished story on her lips, and, of course, wo shall never bear aught olse of Sir Geoffrey's son. He died, doubtless, from the effects of the injuries be received at the fiend's hands; or, if he lived, grew up an idiot. An awful pity for poor King Lear ; his heart seems so ?et on finding his son ; but 1 feel rather glad on your account, Miss Trevetnon I' Lenore looked down at the t'svy golden hoop — the emblem of beryouthfu. 'etrothal —with a suppressed sigh, whethei t regret or relief she could not have told. , . ' You will feel bo much relieved * your mind,' Sir Harry went on, ' all that trouble about your poor father's will is ended. You are free now to choose any man you fancy lor your husband, and— and — if ? ' He stammered aud then stood silent, flush- ing hot to the roots of his blonde hair. Ltujre looked up at him, an arch twinkle in her blue. eyes. ' Don't do it, Sir Harry, please aon't,' she laughed; 'don't renew your proposal, be cause you think I expect you to do so I If you do, I shall give you the old answer. I do not feel free to marry, I must wait. Were it otherwise, I could not marry you, because — there now, don't let it hurt your vanity, because — I don't love you I Now, tbut's candid. Come, Sir Harry, be as frank with me. My prophecy has come true. You have changed your mind I Who is my rival 1' Sir Harry turned all colors, and stam mered furiously; but through all, his relief was evident. At lost he broke into an amused laugh. ' You're a witch, Miss Trevethon. 1 have changed my mind, though I'm ashamed to confess it. The fault is all your own, how ever. You refused my offer, and sent me off to that gruesome old manor, where I came within an ace of breaking my neck, and — and a pretty wood-nymph found me, and Baved my life — ' ' And you fell in love with her J' inter posed Lenore' ' You hnve guesBed it, Miss Trevethon. Now confess that you deBpiso mo for my fickleneSB.' ' Nay, I honor yon I Tho worst of folly is to waBte love where it is not wanted. Sir Harry, I am so glad.' A week later found Sir Harry again at the Fellside farmhouse. . ' Miss Melvilie,' he said, standing at the window which opened on the sunset moors, I have come to know my fate this time. The journey from London is rather long, nnd suspense is very wearing. I want to know the truth. I love you, Maud, and I honor you as much as I love your. Will you be my wife?' She turned round and looked at him with her clear, tender eyes. ' You really lovo me I' she said. ' I do, with a deeper, worthier love than I ever gave to any other woman,' Her lips quivered and her eyc« fell. .He put his arm about her, and drew her close to hisbeart. '? Maud, do you think you oan learn to re turn my love 7' he asked. 'The task will not be hard,' she an iwered. ' Sir Harry, I love you now.' The sunset faded from off the wild moors, ind with the dark came a messenger from tho Gerhart cottage. The mother of Am brose waa dying, and Maud was summoned to her bedside. They gathered about her, just as the bells in tho adjacent village itruck the midnight hour. ' I shall never see the sun riBe,' she said, her voice weak and broken. ' My ond iB at band, and I cannot dio with an untruth upon my sinful soul. Come nearer, Donald, you and Ambrose, and forgive mo for whut I am about to tell. You rememberyour last worda to me, husband, when you started on that. long voyage? You said if I let harm befall our lad, you'd never come home to me again! And I was so fond of you, Donald ? ' Poor wi?e I poor wife 1' said her hus band, ciareBBing her white faco. ' Let me go, on,' she gasped.; ' my breath is falling. Donald, Ambrose there is not our sou t Qur boy was killed in London the very , day you Sailed.' Father and son uttered a simultaneous cry. ' Forgive me,' the poor wife went on ; 'I was so fond of you, Donald, and I bated so to break your heart. I met with a woman while I sat lamenting tho fate of our boy, anil she bad a lad with her who bad tho look of our little Ambrose. And wben I cried out and caught him in my arms, she offered to lot me have him. She said ho was an orphan, and had been hurt in tho head, so that hiB memory was gone, and there was some one who would kill him if she kept him. And I took tbe lad, Donald, and she gave me a purse of gold and a little package of money in Bank of England notes ; you'll find them In tho drawer of tho walnut side board ' So I took the lad and brought him home with me, and for months he was like , an idiot. At last bis mind came back to him, but he knew nothing of the past excopt irhgn I told him ; and I reared him up to boliove himself our son. AtnOroBB i nave loved you like a mother.. Oan you forgive mef' g Tbe young man bent down andkiBsed her panting lips, but poor Donald, who had l'.ved his handsome son with a great love, turned aside his face and wept. ? ? ' ? ? ? The news went down to London that Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's son had been found, and it also reached Lenore's ean. Her face grew ashen white, and the papei containing the wonderful tidings fell from her hand. 'I cannot marry him — I will not,' she said, Bpeaking under her breath. And when,, on the following day, Am brose and Sir Harry reached . Lyndith Hall, they found only King'Lear to welcome them. He fell upon the neck of Ambrose and wept like a child. ' My boy I my boy 1 How well I remember tbe day I promised your dying mother to bring you home to England, and to your rightful heritage, and here you are 1 Through great perils God bas brought. ui to eacb other I I might have known it I Your face etruck me the first time I set eyes on it, I might have known you were my son.' But Miss Trevethon hod gone, leaving onlj a brief note behind her, addressed to Rich* mond Trevethon, ' I ^ cannot obey my father's will ano become your wife ; hence I go. The Treve thon heritage is mine— I leave it as a giftfoi you.' That was all. Ambrose read the brief lines a great agony at hiB heart. 'I'll Had her,' he said, 'if it takes years and release her from her bondB.' And fur months he was a wanderer, going from city to city, always on her track, but losing Bight of her at the last hour. One summer evening, in an old worlo cathedral, gorgeous with the purple glory ol Btained windows, aud filled with strains ol divine musio, they met face to face. She turned from the piotured Madonna before whioh she Btood, her faoe growing deadly pale. ' Miss Trevethon,' spoke Ambrose, 'I havt found you at last, thank Heaven I Why did you leave your home and your heritage 1 You must return to them.' 'Nay, I cannot,' she replied, a pain ful red mounting to her brow, 'becaust I cannot marry Sir Geoffrey Trevothon'i son I '4 ' Sir Geoffrey's Bon will release you.' 'That will not alter the case, or change the letter of my fathers will. But how should yon know what Sir Geoffrey's son will or will not do ? Are you his messenger?' Something in her face thrilled him to his heart'B core ; he shook like a reed in tbt wind. ' How should I know? Surely, Miss Treve thon, you are not ignorant of the fact that 1 am Sir Geoffrey's son?' ' YouT She drew back, growing white to the lips. 41 Answer, me, for Heaven's sake,' he im plored. ' Did you know ?' ' I did not.' ' Yet you left I What does it mean ? Oh, do not deceive me; do not trifie with me, Lenore 1 What is it I read in your eyes tbat emboldens me to speak? I love you— love you as I shall never love another woman. I have loved you since that awful nigbt — loved you in silence and secrecy. Speuk to me, Lenore I' She looked up, her eyes melting with in finite tenderness. ' And you are Sir Geoffrey's Bon?' she said, softly. ' 1 am.' He stood waiting, bis arms folded' across his. breast. She caught up the little ring, still glittering on. her chain, and pressed it to her lips. - ' ' ' Precious little pledge, no wonder I could not give you up I' sho murmured, passion ately. lie caught herhandB and drew her toward him. ,- ??Lenore I Lenore I do you mean — ' ' I mean this,' she said, her eyes drooping beneath bis gazo, '' I hud uo dream tbat you were Bir Geoffrey's son, and loving you too well even to obuy my father's will, I ran away from England.' He caught her to his breast with a sob. \- My darling — my little child-wife I Le nore, uiy heart has hungered for you so long, and at lust you are my own I' ' Your own foreger, Richmond.' When spring came the wedding took place at Lyndltti Hull, and Donald Gorhurt gave away the oride. A large party went out with Sir Geoffrey ana the married pair on their wedding travelB, and among tuem were Arthur Alar lowe and his wife Isabel and tueirinfuutsou, und Sir Harry Tresham aud hiB newly made bride. And leaving' them to pursue their pleasant journey, we bid our kin-i readeiB adieu. CONCLUDED. The largest flower in the world grows in Sumatra. Jt is called the RafHesia Arnoldi, and some of the specimens are each S'Jin. in diameter. The central cup will huld si* quarts of water. The tax made upon the country by military service cannot he called excessive. Out ol the entire population fewer tha n 1 ill 1000 aru enlisted annually, while only about 6 in 1000 ut tht#popu!ation ol the United Kingdom are .serving in tho Regular Army. The folding bicycle is a new invention. Eight thousand million letters are estimated to go through the world's post-ollices in ono year. A cannon-ball fired from one of the Krupp or Armstrong guns travel ut tho speed of 2,S87 feet per fiecond. A race waa a short time since rowed at Deal between four four-oared crews of boatmen each of whom was over 00 years of age. The winning crew averaged 70 years, while their coxswian was 85 years old. . The wholo number of doctors in Great Bri tain is 25,030. Of this number 4,417 are in London, 11,775 on the provincial list, 2.2011 in Scotland, 2,430 in Ireland, 1,717 reside abroad, and 2.4G3 are in the Army and Navy, the Indian medical service und the mercantile marine. A piano in a lion- csgo is the latest stage specialty. It has been introduced by a feinute piano- teacher, who first performed in a lion cage in u menagerie at Dewsbury. The exi-ori- inent is pronounced a 'grand success. The kingly beasts are dafd to be appreciative, and particularly partial to Chopin's airs. His Collection.—' Who aro all these!' asked the visitor. 'Oil, that album?' said the lan guid young man. 'Tluit is a collection of photographs of the only girls I ever loved.' Mrs, p.idsnup : ' Don't you believe it's true, John, that a peeson partaices to a considerable extent of tlie nature of the creatures ho eats? ' Mr. I'odsnup ; 'No. I'vo been eating fish all my lite, and I can't swim a stroke.' Alberta : ? I do wish it weie not tho custom to wear the engagement ring on the third finger of one's left hand.' Alethea : ' So do I. I can't get more than half my engagement rings on at ono tifile, now.' ?This is two bad,' exclaimed the Dublin tram conductor, when he received the second bad florin. He (just introduced): 'What a very ugly man that gentleman near thu piano is, Mrs.' Hobson.' Mrs. Hobson: 'Why, that is Mr. flobson.' He (equal to the occasioii) : ' Oil, indeed. How true it is, Mrs. Hobson, that the ugly mon always got the prettiest wives.' The annouueement that Signer Mascagni is writing a song for a music hall artist is, says i Homo paper, somewhat of a shock. Tno linger may be a very clever 0110, and I believe the is, but still it certainly hardly seems the :orrect tiling for a writer of opera to composo .liusic-hatl songs, although many of the Italian ipera composers wrote songs that wero not tvorthy of performanco at » music hall. Do cheap editions kill dearer editions? Not ilwaya, it seeins. Mr. Gosae, writing to Mr. Stead on the subject of 'The Ponny Poets,' lays '1 remember being told by my friend Mr. Coventry Patmore that the issue of the Caasell edition (Sd.) of 'The Angel in the Houso.' of which au enormous number was told, positively and iinmediatoly increased the i»te of the 5s. edition.' I 