Notices to Correspondents. H. H. TOWNS.—"The Ghost of Murray's Plains" is accepted. BINGERA.—You are quite right. China silk coats should not be starched, as they are intended to hang loose and cool. In struct your laundress to try the following method of stiffening the collar : —Dissolve a small lump of gum arable in half-a-pint of water, and strain through muslin. Gather the collar in the hand, dip in the solution, wring lightly, wipe on each side with a Boft.j:lean cloth ; iron first of all with a thin^piece of muslin between «.he iron and the silk, afterwards smooth over quickly without the muslin. CONSTANT READER (Emerald).—(l) Mata belelaud is controlled by the British South Africa Company, which maintains a special force of its own, called the British. South Africa Mounted Police. Buluwaytf; , the capital of Matabeleland, is not yet connected with Capetown by railway, but the line is now under, construction, and it iB expected to be completed this year. (3) Without personal application you could scarcely obtain a position in the Mata beleland Mounted Police, as there are more than enough Volunteers on the spot who are in every way suitable. We ad vise you before attempting to- visit the country on the chance of being able to enter the police to write to Captain Boggle, Buluwayo. We cannot give In formation concerning the rate of wages and length of service required. A. J. E.—Thanks for thedeßcription of the • cockroach trap. Our reader's will be very pleased to have it, Judging by the number of inquiries for remedies that reach us. WOULD-BE AMATEUR.—(I) The beßt book for your purpose would be Root's "ABC of Beo Culture," the price of which is 6s. 10d., poet free. We do not know of any . book particularly dealing with beekeep ing in Queensland: The " Australian Bee Bulletin," however, which is published monthly at West Maitland, New South Wales, contains many valuable hints from Queensland apiarists. (2) Mr. H. L. Jones, Goodna, near Brisbane, catalogues a com plete beginner's outfit, including a full colony of Italian bees, with two hives, a copy of Root's book, bee smoker, &c;, at £2 15b. WHEAT STACK.—You could not have any thing better for the purpose than WHles den waterproof paper. Two-ply would bo stout enough if the covering Is not intended "to last more than a season or two. It is 4M>ft. wide, 100 yards in a roll ; the price 1b about Is. sd. per yard by the roll. A roll would cover a surface 3t yards by 5 yards. Four-ply paper would make a better Job, but the cost is 2s. 7d. per yard by the roll of 100 yard 3. The cost of the two-ply paper works out at a little over Is. per square yard, ex clusive of freight and fixing. Messrs. Edwards, Dunlop, and Co., Brisbane, are the Queensland agents. * WAROON.—Accepted, but date of publica tion cannot be fixed at present. B. A. D. asks for the words of the action song beginning—" See the neat little clock, in the centre it stands." THE IDLER.—" Ethel" declined ; scarcely suitable for a newspaper. SINQ-SONG asks for the words of the song —" The Salt of the Deep." MANA (Coen).—(l) No. (2) No ; they are her personal property, over which her husband has no control whatever. (3) No. (4) No ; he _ must support her. (5) No ; he cannot recover for liquor supplied > under such circumstances. J. C. (Rockhampton).—<l) The best route to Klondyke is by way of San Francisco or Vancouver and Juneau City. (2) The second-class fare from Brisbane to Van couver or San Francisco would be about £20. From San Francisco the fare^to Seattle by rail, including meals, is about £15 ; from Seattle to Juneau, by steamer, about £15 more. Two or three pounds more will carry the traveller to the point where the land journey on foot beglne, up Lyn Canal. It is about SOO miles from Juneau to the goldfleld. An outfit for the Journey costa about £45, or, with supplies for a year, £120. The best time to start from Juneau is the middle of Aj>rll. W. L. (Gin Gin).—Only a print is required ; the negative is of no particular use, as we should have to make a print from it be fore it could be reproduced. SCHRIVELSBY.—(I) We have been unab!o to discover a book of the kind you want. The local booksellers do not know of any . such work. (2) Underdone steak or chops, lightly boiled eggs, not much vegetable of any kind, no puddings or " pappy" food, and a moderate quantity of liquid, mostly water. (3) It might make you lengthen out if you hung by the toes to a horizontal" oar for an hour every day with a 501b. weight round your neck ; but thai method would be hardly comfortable. Beriously you cannot increase your height unless by tajcjng a fair amount of open-air exercise, such as running and Jumping. Anyway,' if Nature intended you to be short it is of little use to fight against the decree. FARMER (Burnett).—lf the road is reserved and the reservation has never been can-' celled you cannot compel the holder of the property on the other Bide to pay any portion of the cost of fencing on your side. You migLt apply for the closure of the road, and for its inclusion In your area, in which case the fencing could be arranged in the usual way. ANXIOUS R.—(l) Your possession of the promissory-note would not afreet the sale. ■fTou should secure the amount In the pro per way when the debt is Incurred. (2) A mortgage nnwt be prepared in the form proscribed by the Real Property Act, and duly stamped and registered. It is economical, if you do not understand the 'procedure, to employ a solicitor. (S) .There is nothing to prevent his doing bo if the property 1b not already mortgaged. (4) Yes ; or twelve months if desired. SURVEYOR (Bowen).—(1) Your question iWas referred to the .Surveyor-General, who 1 replies as follows :—Surveyor's calculation ' )s oorrect bb far as it goes, but he neg lected to take into consideration the " equation of time," which amounts to \- slightly over Bixteen minutes on the 29th ,Octobor. The semi-diurnal arc ia the time • between apparent noon and the ' moment of the sun's rising or setting, and p in this case the apparent noon is earlier than mean noon, bo that the amount of the equation of time will have to be sub ,tracted. If " Surveyor" will compare his computations with the times of rising and Betting as given in the " Queenslander" of Ist September, 1897, when the equation of time is only 13%8ec, he will probably find they nearly agree. A alight correc- - tlon might be mado to our figures for " refraction," which would caußo the given time of rising and setting to be respective ly earlier and later by about two minutes. 'If the calculations are made according to the formula given by Laomis a further ' alight variation may be made, but those -giveu aro sufficiently near for most prac tical purposes. (2)Jn revolver matches ■ -the competitors are not allowed to reßt the revolver on tho left arm when shoot ing, nor arc they allowed (o hold the re ■ s volver with both hands. DAUGHTER OF THE REGIMENT.—tery om records do not run so far back. Tho ; only way to get the information is to write direct to headquarters. 