LITERATURE. Short Notice, The "Century Illustrated Magazine" opens its May number with pictures and description of ex- cellent results attained in landscape gardening, an art which is not as yet largely practised in this country. A large proportion of the number is occupied by articles on "Scientific Kite-flying," in which our fellow-colonist, Mr. L. Hargraves, is referred to as a leading authority on the subject. His kite would hardly be recognised as such by the uninitiated, being more like the ghost of a bookcase than anything else. The May issue of "Scribner's Magazine" devotes about a quarter of its space to the University of Harvard and the humors of undergraduate life thereat. The series on the "Conduct of Great Businesses" deals this month with the working of a bank. Mr. Gibson's views of "London" are continued, with other serial matter; while the "Scene from the Great Novels" is this month from "Lorna Doone." The "Badminton Magazine" for May begins with a good story of amateur jockeyship. Of the remaining contents, an account of University boat racing fifty years ago is, perhaps, the most widely interesting. There is nothing that specially ap- peals to Australian readers, though the paper on "Cycling Amongst Traffic" shows that the velo- cipedestrian, at home no less than with ourselves, regards the "rule of the road" with anarchic feel- ings. "St. Nicholas" presents, as usual, a variety amongst which even the capricious taste of in- fancy must find something to please it. The quality of the illustrations, though often above children's appreciation—as in the "May Morning" of this issue—must have an educative effect upon their taste. The ""Genealogical Magazine," of which the first monthly issue (for May) has been forwarded us by the publisher, Mr. Elliot Stock, Paternoster Row, London, announces, itself as a journal of family history, heraldry, and pedigrees. Gene- alogy, when rightly, pursued, and "not merely used as a means of equalising the supply of ancestors to the demand for them, is a noble study, and ranks foremost among the "handmaids of his- tory." Even the general reader—who is alleged to survive even in this age of specialism—will read with interest such papers as those on the (so-called) "Log of the Mayflower," and on the Sobieski Stuarts, in the opening number of the magazine, which is published in a form well- worthy of the dignity of its subject. We have received the first number of the "Aus- tralasian Army, Navy, and Defence News," a new weekly penny paper, which takes the place of the monthly magazine, the "Defence Review." The "Australasian Anthropological Journal" is to hand. This little monthly is a record of good work done by men who devote much time and money to an unostentatious endeavor to promote anthropological science. We have received from the publishers, Cassell and Company, Limited, a copy of the first part of "The Queen's Empire," which, according to an interesting introduction by Mr. H. O. Arnold-Fors ter, M.P., is to be a true pictorial illustra- tion of how men live and move and have their being, of what they see and what they do, of how they work and how they play, throughout the vast extent of the Queen's dominions." In this part, which deals with the government and administra- tion of the Empire, the executive acts of the great officers of the state are portrayed, and in a beauti- ful series of photos, the Parliaments of the Colo- nial Empire are shown in session. 