[?] i'- - ^.-' ! * /3K'blD6iaV -pibase -7! * *^-r t *. t -'. .' . ? - ?-,??. .. '/i'here were(.onJy twa passengers to tbo com* partment, ono of wham ' had hlstickctreftdj; th&otberwasappareatly-fltiJl; fapb asleep, .,. ',»? ?' ? - 'VGomty sir.; ^wakoup, ifyoupleaae.v Your, tfclfot !' aiid/tho collector, impatiently, - ?♦.? ! ' All riirht-^hcre it Is, In my pocket-book. \| .Why, I'vo bepn robbed! My . pocket-book ia'. ?gone V'^and.' bo' glared ia a suspicions mnnnbr j atthVotherpasaonger. ? r- '?'? f,#. Ifiot inAt parllqgton, sir ; yoa were then aaleep,'-j: said; the other traveller, 'stiffly. H Here is my. cord .;» ItravoltorMsssrs. Boult i;Bro3.» of Liverpool ,,, \- '.Mlfyoa cannot, pay your fare, sir, (you must #eo the station-master at Newcastle,*' said tbe tbHMtor, slAmmlnj? on(3 theri locking: the door. ?' ' ^Weii,'I^m ' in a nice plcklo, and no mis .tike. Don't know a soul in Newcastle, and it*« past midnight. ,Wbot on earth shall I. do P^ ? m ' Pardon my . curiosity, sir, bat surely yon must- bo' Charlie Cooke. ;tbc jockey P' said; Gerald Thorburn. - ?' ,1 ** Thank goortniesu somebody knows me t' ejaculated . the', jbakejr.; ' * 1; was' nerer caught, nappiagbefore when ,tbe jightifingered gentry are about, I showed , my ticket at York, and fell asleep soon after, leaving. \yas there a lady here whon yoa got m at Darlipgton .?' * No ; you were quite alone,' . ? . ; . ? 'Then tbo thief was a woman, who joined me at Notmanton.and must have left at Thirst, or at Darliugton, before you got in.' » 7 ' You ride at' Gosforth Park to-morrow, I \- presume ?? ? , . , » ?* Yes ; bat what am I to do to-night, if tho station-master— oh, here we aro.' 'Come with mo to my hotel, by all means, Mr. Cooke; ? I will also pay your fare, if the ' station- master insists upon it.' i 7 41 A thousand lhankB, my dear sir ; and tako : the word of Charlie Cooke for it, you will not regret yqur kindness.' ' The station-master at Newcastle proved to be amenable to reason, and on learning the name of the ticket I t-ss passenger, readily accepted his assurance tbat ho had taken a first-class ticket at St, Paocras. - The two newly-mado friends had a bottle of wine after a late supper, and ere they parted in j;he morning, the jockoy had found frieuds in . 'the town, aud repaid his share of the hotel ?bill.,;,,., ?4Ifyonwant a good tip, for the Liverpool Cap, put every penny you can scrape together I ' on Fly-by-Night, If I don't land him first at 'the post I'll return you every penny you lose by ^taking my tip. That is a bargain,' aud again thanking Gerald Tborburn tor his kindness, they parted. . The Liverpool traveller was not much of a betting man ; in fact,. he bad not made halfa dozen bets in his life. . tile was rather prone to a 44 sweep ' in the commercial room, and was therefore fairly conversant with racing matters, especially ia connection with Aintree. : 'Fly-by-Night, a rank outsider ! Very little mown of him, and tbat not greatly to his vedit. , But Charlie Cooke senilis cock-sure i le will win, aud then there is hia offer. I really j Ihe fails to win the ' ? * i tat elapsed between | at Newcastle and lid think of little ' nuking a pot of 1 11 tip ' given him . ave only £90,' said s ho perused the Monday evening i this £210 I bod lil put £300 on Ply I succeed— six 500 is not much for he will keep his ,bink of the possible o waa appropriating well-known book wronger motive for Osh to make a small 0 her father, he had r Boult, the only 1 senior partner of ed. Emily was only laugh Gerald knew egardud favourably ad the girl would be that time might ms that encumbered pounds to my credit ask him forKmily,' it after making his a in store for him. ed to meet on the the evening, and tl down to the stago. fever,, and he sat to wait foe her. isty accident poor i evening said a irald, I it stop bis runniug , talk about, as a i» waited the answer 1 terrible that his ting. d put out his right rthurn Hospital.' . or more before he lir happen ?' any ? foolish people iia at Lime-street iras tbrowu violently okies/' »t blows nobody any loepair.He bad b»en contemplation of rarest hope!), into t was almost im &y; would wiu tbo ly-by-Night did not tld he upproach the him to keep the sastle ? In a few iscover that ho hud then— arrest, con ?j well he knew the o subject of such a st take its course, to the appeal of a jr son, a porter in irno goods. Would th him ? ' No. And wow hot love for a nought left to live ; mother iu my c**e ken father to go red head because of brother or sister to is meutiuued. I olutkm 'viuiifibo-i— what is to como he edge of the stage ctedly. regard it is suiciiio 3 boats is going out. - istance in too great ! aid a nympathotio | oident unless it has inquest that I am a i milted' a stageman, ; jross the stuge and i weveri to reach tbo j . . Instnntly the bravdstagenmo leaped down into tUcMcr9ey,an'd though the swirl of the steamer s paddle auckel Gerald :u»dor, he .was ^eizod on comiog to the aurrace, nS^l held firmly until a boat came along and, rescucd both men, ; Qerald had . been rio long under the water khafc ho was insensible when rescued, and he was at ovico taken to the receiving-house,- followed by a constable, who declared that hb had bceii watching the young man for some time^ and he had every reason to believe that the act was in tended to be suicidal ' , i Tho result was that when his cluthes wcre dry Qerald wns taken to t^o Ceutrol Police Station in a cab and formally - charged ; with attempted suiciio. , -, - . He did not resont the accusation, he was too downcast ior that. ..He dara not send word to 'the few friends ho had in the city, fearing that if his . employers learnt his position, inquiries 'might bo at oncp'institutcd, his embezzlement come to' light,' and tbe fate he had tried to avert overtake Him.' : ? 7 ( ; When asked his name; ho was | strongly tempted to give a iletitious n?me and address, but fortunately. did uot yield to tho.topjptaViou. Had ho done so the theory of attempted suioide ' would have been strengthened. Questioned aa to his occupation, he kept bank .nothing, and an hour . afterwards Emily's father arrived at the police^tation. , .. , ' Surely, Tborburn, this cannot . be true P You did not purpose to commit suicide ? Had you taken too much whisky or what P' 'Gerald huug bis head, and was silent. ** It'is au unhappy business, altogether. 4 You did not know that my daughter was on the landing . stage when you wore carried up the steps at tho back of the stage, supposed to be. dead ? ? She came home in a state of hysterical frouzy, and s«id that as you were dead she had nothing to live for. Tell me, was it drink ? I never knew you to take too much. Have you nothing to say to me ?' ?* What can I say, Mr. Boult P I have dig* graced myself— and you. I shall have to appoar beFcre tho Stipendiary, and whatever the result, how can I again lift up my head in Liverpool ?' 41 For the sake of my child, I will see what can bo doue,' and Gerald Thbrnburn was again , left to bis hairowing thoughts. : The knowledge that Emily had been present i — had possibly heard the coustablo say that it | waft a case of deliberately attempted suicide, | filled him with tbo keenest anguish, and when i Mr.Boult returned, accompanied byt he inspee | tor on duty, and tbe.Govenor of the Brrdewell the young man waa in a pitiable state of pros* tration.- , ' . 'Come, Mr. Thorburn,the charge is not to be proceeded with. Tho olBolals aro of my opinion ' that you had takeu too inach drink this evening and you are freo. Outside the police-statiod, Mr. Boult hailed » cab, and bade Gerald get in, ' I am going to tako you home, and thus satisfy Emily that yuu are still in the land of the living. Perhaps you think I have been 'ignor- ant of tho attachment between you ; if so that was a mistake, I knew of your secret meetings six months eiace, aud believing that my child's happiness depeuded upon her affeutions cot* being trampled upon, I determined to let ! matters take th&sr; course until Emily is 20. i So far, all my enouiries aa to your usual pur- j suits when not on duty for the firm have been in every respect satisfactory ; but I trust you will uot again take so much drink as to impel , you to the reckless disregard of danger you showed this evening. 1 have now done sermon ising, Gerald ; try to meet Emily with a smiling facs, and let her beliove it was a simple acci deut.' A smiling face ? Gerald Tborburn could havo groaned aloud as he heard tho words. Every word of sympathy and ki mines* spoken by Mr. Boult had stabbed him to tbo heart, fur unless a miracle intervened, a day or two at tbo most would suffice ? to show him up in his true colours — as a thief, utterly unworthy the love of such a girl as Emily. V Look up, my darling; G©ra)d is hero!' was the father's grcetiug, as, followed by Gerald, be entered bis daughter^ sitting-room. Sho was lying on a coucb, with her faco in the cushious, but when her father spoke sho roso as though electrified, looked from one to the other, and, realising that her father knew,; and did not reseut their attachment, flew to the arms of her lover. ' Ob, Gerald ! Gerald t they 6»id you were dead, aud I wished myself dead, too. My dear, kiud, good father !' and going to where he stood, she kissed bim fondly. ' You are not angry with me, father ? Nor with Gerald ? ' . ' No, my child. But it is very late, and I fear the immersion may have worse effects than we think,. if Gerald does not go to bed at once. Ho will stay bore to-night/' Gerald Tborburn did not sleep that night, notwithstanding the tumbler of port negus sent to his room after he had retired. All night long he was racking his brain in tho en duavonr to fix upou . somo feasible scheme for procuring tho money to repay the £210 he had ' borrowed ' from ? the monies of his em ployers, and the morning found him looking even worse tbau on tho previous evening. Mr. Boult would have had him stay thero for a day or two, but, much as he would have liked Emily's companionship, while her father was away at business, bo could not brook tho pros pect of being a guest in his employer's house when his delinquency should bo discovered. 'I shall be much better at my usual work. Indeed, air, ,1 will go to Preston to-day, I think.' ' Very well, Gerald. For the present no one in the office need know of the closer conneotiou you will havo with the firm next year ; it would not be wise to arouse any jealousy among tbosa who have been with us much longer than you havo been, my boy.' ' And Mr. Boult put down tho agitation of Ws daughter's lover to his overpowering feeiiugs of gratitude ; whereas, it was caused bv a keen sense ol tho misery tbat overshadowod him. ' Two more days, and my doom will overtake mo. Wells aud Co., not getting tho 'firm's' receipt, will write for it ; theu my despicablo upas will be mado manifest. And I must meet it — must bear it all ! I cannot again attempt my life. The horror of those few seconds when 1 deemed myself on the point of death— whon tho past, like a dread panorama, swept before my eyes, was such aa I would not again experience.' These and similarly depressing thoughts were his companions during that day ; hence it was not surprising that tho orders ho succeeded in obtaining were small in number, and also in amount. On his journey homo, tbo conversation ot two passengers, evidently sporting men, roused him from bi» gloom. ! 'Thats a queer tale about Charlie Cooko,isn't it remarked one of tho men. u There's nothing in it. Teddy Graham waa at the hospital this morning aud saw Charlie in bed ; how, then, could he be galloping Ply. by-Night tbo same morning ? The tale has beon started by tho backers of the horse.' ' 1 don't care what Teddy Graham has said, Tom Foley knows Charlie Cooke aa well na any man now at Aintree, and ho told mo that Charlie waa galloping the horso this morning.' And Gerald Thorburn was as much njirzled as his travelling compauions. He had . received an invitatioa to call at. Emily's houso that evening, and in a state of much excitement, aud anxiety he sought for information at the bars of the hotels frequented by tho bookmakers, but Wiled to obtaiu such evidence as satisfied him. ? When bo turned into tbe^ office ph the morn* ing of tho Cup day, a few minutes later than usual, ho was startled to find Mr. Boult awaits ing him, ; With V: sinking 'heart he* heard ono . of the* olerks say, ** Governor wiauts you,' Mr.Thbrhurn.' ' Close tho door, Mr. Thorburn. . ( How palo you aro looking. Not yet got over tiie wettiug, I'm afraid, jl am going to kco the Cup race; would you care to cp'tne with me P Have you ever seen a good race P ' ?- ' 1 have never seeu one of auy kind.' . 41 Nor have I, though 1 havo beon in business here nearly forty years. Wo will go by the noon train, ^from the Exchange station.' ? fAud when the horses for tho Cup race were' brought out, Gerald Thorburn sitting by his employer on tho , grand eUnd, watched with anxioty he tried to conceal for .the . appearance of FIy-by-Night.; . . ' Now; who is mistaken ! There goes Charlie Cooke. The story of his accident was a clever, ruse, but it leaked out, and spoiled tbe game of those who invented it,' said a gentleman behind Thorburn. ! . Failing lfly-by-Night, the favourite would win easily ; lu?nco the tremendous e'xcitemi.iit when it, was seeu. that the jockey believed to bo in the hospital was. with his mount. — . And though the favourite showed the way for 'three-fourths of the diatance,Fly-by-Night drew to tho front with a tremendous spurt, aud won easily by two lengths. , The reaction proved too much for Gerald Thorburn ; his nervous system had received too severe a shock, and he fainted. : A strong vinaigrette, lent by a lady, and a drink of iced . champagne, soon brought bim round. 'I don't wonder at your fainting, it is fear fully hot up here. Let us go home.*' ? Gerald accepted his employer's invitation to dine with him and Emily, but, maunged to get away early enough to call upon the bookmaker and obtain the amount of his bet. 41 Thank God ! 1 am saved !l- he said, as he hurried to hii lodgings. There he found a letter awaiting him. ' Northern Hospital 1 Charlie Cooke V and Gerald stared blankly' at the brieF note heading i and signature. 44 Am I going mad ? There is j a mystery here I must falhom.' . . j Next day ho went again to Lancaster, and i | not only managed to explain the non-remittance : ! of the receipt, but to obtain payment of a more | recent account, and by this means ho was en abled to square the* matter. Returning to Liverpool soou after noon, Gerald took a cab to the Northern Hospital, an# was allowed to see tho injured jockey. , What did it. mean? ? Kere' was the very man who had travelled with him to Newcastle, with his arm in Bplints, bis shoulder bandaged, and yet, was he not riding Fly-by- Night only yesterday ? ' Come, Mr. Tborburn,' I'm not a ghost, though you havo some reason to look puzzled. If you can spare another half-hour, you shall be enlighteno3. Bow much did you lay on the winner?' ' Three hundred.' ' Good luck to you ! You've pulled it off proper this time. You'll set up in business for yourself, 1 suppose, eh P' 14 Probably, or else go into partnership with a good flrnu' M Ah I Here comes the other Dromio. My brpther Bill ; Mr. Tborburn, the gentleman who played the Good Samaritan at Newcastle. Now, sir, take a good look at us,' Aud tho resemblance between the two brothers was so retuarkuble that Gerald no longer wondered that the closost friends of Churliu Cooke hadlieen mystified. M Bill went . out to Melbourne when he was a bit of a nipper, but it was in the blood, for father was a jock, and after making a namo for himself in Australia, Bill came home just in the nick of time, to save your three hundred, old man. Mr. Thorburn, I believe I was shoved , a bit getting out of that train, ; but they who thought to gain by such a nasty trick havo been bested. 1 knew 1 could win the. cup with that horse, but it was all a chance for Bill to do it.' Before the next Livepool cup day came round Gerald Thorburn was the son-in-law and part uerof Mr. Boult, but when asked if he would care to go again and see. the race, he quiatly declined, , ' I was withiu an ace of loosing every penny I possessed; that day, Mr. ..Boult, and vowed never to mako another bet.' And then, without confessing the offence he had committed ho told his father-in-law the atory of the Liverpool Cup, aud tho Jockoy Droinioa. ? ? ' 