FEDERAL CONVENTION. MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. A LOYAL AUDIENCE. DEBATE ON GENERAL RESO LUTIONS CONTINUED. RADICAL SPEECH BY MR. HIGGINS. THE RAILWAY PROBLEM AND STATE RIGHTS. FBOM OUR SPECIAL REPORTERS.) ADELAIDE, Thursday. Tho President took tho chnir at 10.30 a.m. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. .T. F. Walker (Now South IValos) gavo notice of motion for a return showing the total indebtedness of each of tho Australasian colonios in tabulated form, tho duo dates and tho amounts of each loan with intorest accruing. the Stato debt per head in each of the Aus tralian colonics and tho annual intorost per head on such State debts. Dr. Quick (Viotoria) gavo notico for a return showing tlio nature of tho country on tho in completed portion of tho transcontinental rail way between tile northernmost railway station in South Australia and the nearest railway sta tion in Northern Queensland. MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. Tho President announced the receipt of a message from hor Majesty tho Queen, sent by tho Secretary of Stato for the Colonies (Mr. Chamhorlain) through his Excollenoy tlio Governor. All the members of the Convention stood in thoir places whilst tho mossago was reod as followB I havo rcceivod lier Majesty's commands to desiro you to acquaint tho Federal Convention that she takes special intorost In their proceed ings, and hopes that undor Divine guidaneo their labors will result in a practical benefit to Australia. I desiro to add iny cordial wishaB of a successful result, which will conduce to tho unity nnd strength of tho Empire. — J. Guam- behlai.v. The President said ho thought it waB a fit momont to call for threo choors for tho Queen, and tho delegates gavo her Majesty throo hearty cheers, in whioh his Excclloncy the Governor, who was present with Lady Buxton and his daughter, joined. APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. On tho motion of Sir Goorge Turner, seconded by Sir Edward Brnddon, it was agreed to appoint Sir Riohnrd Bakov, Presidont of tlio Legislative Council of South Australia, chair man of committees. Sir Richard Baker, in accepting the position, announced that if the proceedings of tho Con vention wero urtduly prolonged ho would auk for relief, as ho. had to contost au eloction in May. THE FEDERAL RESOLUTIONS. Mr. CarrutherB (Now South Wales) rosumod tho debato on tho resolutions embodying tho fedoration proposals moved by Mr. Barton. A spirit of compromise, he said, ought to aotuatc tho Convontion, but it must bo remembered that any compromise adopted must lie such as tho people would accept. He congratulated tlio Convention on tho probability of all tho Aus tralasian colonios joining in tho proposed fcdo ral union. Regarding the alleged disposition on the part of tho German Government to sell Gorman Now Guinea, ho thought it would bo a good Christmas box for tho Prcmiors to bring baok from England if they succeeded in getting the British Government to purchase that terri tory, because tlio island of Now Guinea natu rally was allied to Australia. Ill adopting federation lie urged that euro should bo taken not to increaso publio expenditure or taxation. Rather Hliould expenditure and taxation bo diminished, and less intricacy in the government . of the peoplo should bo ar ranged. - Much of the machinory of government Bhould bo absolutely removed. Ho would bo glad to seo six- of tho seven Agents-General abolished,' anil thcro should be only one Govcrnor-Gcnoral. Ho did not dcBiro to see six or Bovcn salaried Li cute mint- Governors ap pointed, booaqso lie thought tho present Lieu tenant-Governors — tho Chief Justices — admir ably performed tile purely formal duties of thoBO positions. It was gratifying to hear tlio decla rations of representatives of Viotoria and Now South Wales tlmt nil customs barriers botweon tho colonies should he broken down, hut ho did not wish to seo the conflict changed from tho Custom IIouso to tho railway station. In plnco of hopeless competition, which would entail loss to the people and friction between the States, it would be bettor to place ivllourraiiways undor federal control. If local contvol wero continued whilo a Federal Government oxisted thero would bo constant frictiun between the Federal Governments and tho Governments of tho States. Federation without federating tho railways would bo liko marrying a girl and leaving her at the church door. Mr. l'eacook (Victoria) : Very bad for tho girl. (Laughter.) M r. Carruthors said ho was therefore in favor of tho appointment of two committees — one to deal with finances, and tho other to deal with tho railways, and to take tile evidence of tho railway exports of Australia as to tlio probable consequences of three courses, viz., leaving tho railways alone, federating them, or placing them under boiiio control similar to that exor cised by tho English Board of Trade. He was in favor of giving each State equal representa tion in the Senate, but, like the Frontier of Victoria, he would restrict the powers of tho Senato. The doctrine of taxation and represen tation going together must bo upheld, but they should bo proportionate. It would ho absurd to give the smallor contributor to taxation the' larger powor of voting. (Ohoors.) In tho ovent of deadlocks betweon the two Houses ho would also follow Sir George Turner, and appeal direct to tho peoplo. Then thoro was the ques tion of tho seat of the Federal Government. Ho did nut want to introduce un apple of discord, but ho contended that tho mother colony, with its larger territory and oldor life) from wliuse loins had sprung so many otlior colonios, should be tho colony from which the federal authority should radiate. Thoy had in Now South "Wales the head of tho Ohurch of England. Mr. Feaoock : Yes, but wo havo tho head of the Solvation Army. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Carruthors thought tho members for New South Wales had every justification for the claim that Now South Vales should be tlio seat of tho Government of Australia. Whatever was to come in federation, lie trusted thoy would guard against dissolution or seces sion. Mr. Isaacs (Viotoria) : Thoro can be no pos sible dissolution or secession. (Cheers.) Mr. Carruthcrs : Was there to be tho powor of secession ? (Loud cries of No.) Was there to bo the powor of dissolution? (No.) Then the constitution should be so framed that there would never bo any need for the exerciso of oivil force. Thero should not bo that rigid constitution whioh many members advocated, but it should bo so clastic that it would allow ono people to govorn themselves in their own way. Mr. Higgins, M.L.A.'(Vietoria), who was re ceived with choors, described tlio resolutions ns weak, vaguo and inconclusive. They had been drawn so as not to bo dcbatablo, and yet at the samo time they had to speak to matters whioh were dobatnble. Ho had novcr known yet in any debatable assembly any such course to bo adopted. Wo had advanced a good deal since 1891. Yet tlio resolutions were framed on the 1891 basis, and wore even more colorless than tlio resolutions of 1S91 in somo pnrtioulars. Were tliey to bo told that we had not got something inoro definite, moro concrete since 1891, and tlmt tlio resolutions sufficient for that year wero sufficient for 1897 ? Ho had hoped that in framing tlio resolutions their ideas would have boon directed to spocifio matters of difficulty cn whioh discussion could bo short, sharp, pointed and crisp, and that tliey would not hnvc to make speeches that would sail round all the aspects of federation. The resolutions woro not worthy of a Houso to which was delegated tlio responsibility of framing a bill for tho purpose of federation. Ho was Borry that moro of the oldor foderationists had not spoken, instead - of being deprived of tho opportunity by the courso pursued. Ho thought thoso engaged in the Convention of 1891 wero a littio mistaken in supposing that tlio others in the present Con vention did not want to hear their views on details. An over cstimnto had been mado of the oxtont to which tho public was acquainted with tlio viows of members ongagod in the 1891 Convention, and lie was quite euro tho most of the peoplo were not aware of them. Inferring, as ha did now, that the Convention was not likely to hear their viows until a compromise bad been effected, lie wished to lot thorn know that tho Convention wanted to hear thorn beforo compromising. As to the form in which the resolutions were presented, lie was afraid the electors would bo rathor indignant to find tho Convention going hack to the vagueness of 1891. Thero was one clause in them which was cither unmeaning or unneces sary— namely, that tho powors, privileges and territories of tho Bcvcrai existing colonics Hhall remain intact, except in respect of such surren ders nB may he agreed upon to secure uniformity of law and administration ill matters of common ' concern. Tlio principal conditions described in the resolutions under which it was proposed to federato ho desired to bo tlio principal con ditions. Ho was not nt all suro tlmt until tlio Convontion knew how the Senato and tho National Asscmhiy were to bo elected that thoso Houses should bo gimrnntood a perpetual exist ence as proposed. If nmendmouts wero allowed to bo moved nt all bo would liko to movo ono to tlio effect that tho repre sentatives in thoso Chambers should bo chosen in such a maimer as would best securo direct responsibility to tho peoplo in place of tlio words " combined with direot responsibility to tlio peoplo." Ho had originally intended to let tlio resolutions go without mueh discussion on the ground that tliey appeared to him to bo altogether on a falsa basis. Sir Richard Baker had mado an attack upon responsible government if in connection with federation. Whilst ho diffcrod with Sir Richard in his main views, ho ndmired the direct and straightforward mannor in which Sir Richard wont to tlio heart of the subject. Sir Richard contended that there could not bo roaponsiblo government under federation with responsibility to two IlouseB. That was true, hut tho corollary which Sir Richard drew was "thcroforo don't linvo responsible government," whereas the corol lary ho (Mr. Higgins) proposed to draw was " therefore do not have responsibility in two Houses." That was the distinction botwoon them. He did not inuko a fetish of responsible government, but lie liked to uso the tiling ho found established. The fact that responsible government was what tho people wero used to was one of tho principal points in favor of adopting responsible government, and ho hoped the Convention would be chary of adopting anything else. (Applause.) Caro must be takon not to form a constitution so rigid as that of thoUnitod States, but ho contended federation ougtit to start with responsible government. Sir Riohnrd Baker had said that the Cabinet system would kill federation. That was a very- great mistake. In order to make that proposition have any reasonable vi-aiscmblnnco Sir Richard had to define federation to suit himself. Sir Richard said if equal powers were not givon to both Houses thcro could not bo federation. In the federation of Cnnada there was not equal representation in both Houses, and thero wns no, analogy in the fedoration of the United States, because there thoro was no responsible government. Ho was very glad to find Sir Richard Baker recognising the impossibility of reconciling responsible government with the giving of the power to amend monoy bills to tlio two Houses. Sir Richard Baker had said tho Senate ohouhl havo power to amend monoy | bills, and lie would throw up responsible government, whilst Sir Edward Braddon hold that the government must reBt upon the House of Representatives. It must not bo forgotten that if tlmt wore bo tlio Houso of Representatives must get the sole power of tlio purse, although Sir Edward Brad- don's view was that the Senate must linvo tho power of amending money bills. Those two things could not ho reconciled. If the Houso of Representatives were to have tho sole control over tho Ministries, tlio power to amond monoy bills must bo refused to tho Senato. Ho thought Mr. O'Connor's distinction between the money bills which tho Senato might amend and the money bills which it might not touch was impossible. (Hear, hoar.) It was Baid to thoso who did not favor tho giving of power to amend money bills to the Sonate that if they insisted on their views thoy would bo putting a damper on federation which would prevent tlio smaller States coming in. no refused, how ever, to allow his speech to bo restrained by that consideration. Tho timo for compromise had j not yet come, and in tho meanwhilo it was pro per for delegates to know what were each others frank views. After thoy knew what thoir frank views wore it would be time to talk of compromise. In his opinion, going a point further, it would bo preposterous that tho four smaller colonies, with one-third of tho popula tion of Australasia, should in the Senate, as to money bills, be allowed to override tho two other colonies, which had two-thirds of tho population. Sueli a stato of affairs could not ha allowed, although it appeared to bo assumed in tho argument ns to State rights. It appeared to bo assumed j that the larger colonics would always i all pull togcthor, and the smallor colonies would always alt pull togother ; but nothing of tlio sort wns to he expected. There would at times ho great divergencies of opinion, and then, if equal rights wero couceded in tho Senate, thoro would bo an outcry as to its unfairness. He knew thoro would bo Btrong discontent through out tlio colonies amongst thoso who called themselves Liberals if equal representation wero conceded. Sir. Brown (Tasmania) : Thoro would be strong dissatisfaction if it wero tho othor way. Sir. Higgins pointed out that tlio smallor States representatives overlooked in tlio argu ment that perhaps they would not always be tho smaller, and then they could fairly claim enlarged representation. Fcrhaps in due courso it would be found that New South "Wales would become a sheep walk, whilst Tasmania might become a busy liivo of indus tries. Sir Edward Braddon : I know that. (Laugl.y ter.) Dr. Cockburn : "Wo nro talking about tho principlo of tlio matter, not its application. Mr. Higgins recognised that it was fighting for a principle when equal rights were olaimod, but it was a mistaken principle as to representa tion of States ill tho Semite. He thought the Convontion wns in danger of giving a too ready acquiesonoe to a false principlo ill asking u right principlo, mid if fedoration wore started in that way it would lead to most anomalous results. Inquiring if it were a right principle to iiavo equal representation in the Senate, lib had to remark tnat there was no equal repre sentation in Canada, ami it was not accedcU in Germany, although there, of courso, federation was accomplished moro or less under pressuro. Frofessor Bryco, ill his groat work on tho American constitution, had pointed out that thcro had never been any division of interest between the great States and the small ones. Mr. Solomon : Because of protection. Sir. Higgins : American politics had never been torn by questions of Stato rights, ami in all matters where interosts of States wore really affected there could ho no pussiblc danger from the action of federal government, in Queensland, for instance, thoro was the important question of black labor, which affected Queensland alone. He thought it would bo reasonable for Queensland to say that thoy would nut come in federation unless their rights with regard to the labor traffic wero protected. Could anyone show a dciiiiito instance of smaller States being wiped out by tiieir larger neighbors? It would be found that the lurger States would tug hard against one another, and that tlio smalt States would ho able to hold the balancu of power. But it was time to descend from gene ralities about Stato rights, and let thoso members who desired equal representation state some probable easu in which injustice might bo done. The proposal uf equal rights in the Senate was only a new method of stilling the voice of the people. M'liab iimazod liiin was to find tho best men, who called themselves Radicals and Liberals, in the smallor colonies, strongly advocating tliu representation of a minority in preference to a 11111 jority. If thoy knew liow the stillest Tories in otiier countries leimed upon this principlo of equal representation In the Senate, tliey would see into what a fool's path they were being led. There was a greater danger to State rights in otlior directions, namely, in tho proposition in tho Commonwealth Bill of 1891 to leavo tho selection of tlio senators to the local Parliaments. In America local parliamen tary elections were continually disturbed by contests between Republicans and Democrats on federal issues, and taUo issues were thus put hoforo the Stato Parliament. A candidate was asked what senator he would vote for and on his answer depended whether he would bo re turned. He was returned upon the party ticket, and by that mcan9 State politics were subordinated and put under the hoel of federal politics. That was the greatest ovil which the United States politics had to fenr, and instead of each State working out its own destiny, it was torn by issues which were simply for tho Federal Parliament alone. tTR&r;, hear.) AVith regard to the matter of franchise, ho would bo sorry to interfere with tho right of any State to settle tho f ranch iso for its own Stato purposes, but when tho Stato was to join in electing membors to make laws for other colonics, tho other colo nics had a right to say what the franchise should bo. If tho Fedoral Parliament wis elected on o warm franchise, they would find it precious hard to change it. (Hear, hear.) The only franchise lie Bhould agrco to was the ordi nary one of one man one vote. # Sir George Turner : Tho Federal Parliament is sure to bo elected on that basis. Mr. nigging ; How was it to be elected on that basis when the franchises of tho different colonies wore not uniform ? Mr. J. H. Symon (S.A.) : "Would you abolish our women's suffrage ? Air. Higgins said he would not abolish it for State purposes, and if tho Federal Parliament was elected on an absolute manhood suffrage there would soon bo a womanhood suffrage. Sir George Turner : Would you shut out the women from voting in South Australia? Air. Higgins said ho would not shut them out, but he would not insist on woman's franchise in other colonies until they wero ripo for it. Sir George Turner : The women of South Australia liavo a right to vote now, and you would stop them from taking any further part in legislation. Air. Solomon (South Australia) : They clcctod us to this Convention. Sir Georgo Turner : And a very good selection too. (Hear, hear.) Ilr. Higgiiio would like to see the Senate elected bv tho colony as a whole, but he objected, in the event of a deadlock, to the two Houses sitting together. Ho objected to see representatives of the people aa a whole placed on an equality with those who represented only a class. Mr. Gordon (South Australia) : But what in this case would bo the class. Air. Higgins said if the Senato wero to repre sent minorities, according to the compromise ' effected in Germany, it would not be fair to put that representation as a whole on tho same lovel as tho representation of tho National Assembly. Sir William Zeal : But yon propose that tho electoral fr&nohise; for both Housos shall bo the same. Air. Higgins : Yes ; but if a special advantage were to be given to the smaller States in the Senate, the Senate would represent, not true majorities, but minorities, and therefore ho contended that the Senate, as it would repre sent minorities, would not be truly representa tive of the whole people. Even if tho franchise wore upon the same basis as that of the other House, tho Senato would not truly represent majorities. Ho hoped ho had not wearied tho Convention. He saw that at least he had aroused opposition, which was among tho great things to bo achieved in such debates. (Applause.) Mr. B. A. Wise (New South Wales) said ho would at once come to the grip with Mr. Hig gins on the question of equal rights to both Houses. In the American Convention at Philadelphia of 1789 such a proposal was said to be unjust by one delegate. History repeated itself, because that ' delegate was succeeded by a Air. George Reid, of Delaware, who said he would never confederate on any other terms. (Laughter.) He (Air. Wise) contended that it was a practical necessity for the Con vention, if it desired to get federation, to agree ; to equal representation in both Houses. Indeed, ho could not see how "one State one vote" could lie objected to by any delegate who sup ported "one man one vote. (Applause.) Believing that responsible government ought to prevail in the federation, there must, he thought, be predominant authority in one of tlio two Houses. The contest about allowing the Upper House to amend money bills had to him rather an antiquarian than a vital interest. If any of the representatives of Vic toria would explain the reasons why they thought the Upter House should not have such powers, he would perhaps modify his opinion, but at present ho saw no great objection to it. In his opinion it was not even money bills on which parliamentary conflicts mainly arose. It was really over social questions that they generally occurred. Thcretore ho trusted the convention would not be deterred from federation by the ghosts of dead controversies, which, even in Victoria, had not of lute years put on much flesh. (Hear, hear.) Air; - Higgins had asked for illustrations in which .State rights might bo infringed. One way in which that might bo brought about was an expenditure for defence purposes in a parti cular place where it was not wanted merely to secure the votes of a doubtful party. It was said they should not give tho Senate any power of amending tho Annual Appropriation Act, but would the Senate have power to amend the Loan Appropriation Act ? .Sir George Turner : Which is' the more im portant matter? Air. Wise said the latter was tlio more im portant matter, because it might bo used as an engine of corruption in providing for the spend ing of loan money in different colonics. He did not see that it was necessary to provide any way out of deadlocks, which were the penalties paid for a frco constitution. Therowas a good deal to be Raid in favor of Air. O'Connor's sug gestion for a joint inocting of the two Houses. Air. Isaacs : That would destroy the whole theory of responsible government. ' Air. Wiso: But if the. matter was referred to the referendum, the views of tho States would ho in harmony with their representatives in the Senate, and a plebiscite of tho States would lead to exactly the same result. They wero therefore driven to «. state of absolute un certainty as to whether there was any possible way out of the difficulty. As to that jiortion of tho resolution which provided that tlio territorial boundaries of tho colonies should remain unchanged, ho thought it would be desirablo if tliut vast territory in the interior of the colonies uf New South Wales, Queensland, West Australia and South Aus tralia which was now unoccupied should be handed over to the central Government. Sup- posing a great mineral discovery was made in an' part of this unoccupied territory, such as had ncen made in South Africa, that would lead to a great rush of population, and the consequence would be that that State would' have its predominance increased. If the terri tory, however, belonged to the Federal Government it would probably create a sepa rate State, and in the meantime the federation would be dcrviing a revenue from that territory which would enable it to dispense with customs duties. This would bo an experi ment in land nationalisation, and would secure more effective development of a territory tho resources of whicli were now unknown. He was in favor of federating the railways as againBt Air. O'Connor s plan for an inter-State commis sion. Such a commission could not prevent a war of tariffs between the colonies, because tlio commission could not always discover what rates were being charged. Air. Grant, who had more experience in those matters than most of them, would be able to show that there was a way of keeping accounts which would make it difficult to say what the rates really were. Air. Gordon : That is rough on Grant. (Laughter.) Air. Wise said the salvation of the coloiiios depended on new channels of intercourse, lie- bides removing the obstructions that now impeded development, the present weapons of defence should he turned into instruments of consolidation, and that could only be done by placing the railways under the federal power. Air. Simon Eraser (Victoria) : Would you take over the Tasmanian railways ? Air. Wise : The Tasmanian railways might bo treated as a matter apart, and also tlio West Australian railways; but if there wero a uniform gauge and one management between Brisbane and Adelaide, the saving would be not less than a quarter of a million per annum. Air. Gordon : Allowing for the expenditure on the uniform gauge? Air. Wise : After the uniform gauge has been made. Air. Fraser : A uniform gauge would cost £10,000,000. Air. Wise : I am told it would cost nothing of the kind ; but supposing it cost £3,000,000 — «- Air. Eraser ; Jt would bo nearly doublo that. . Air. Wise : Well, if it cost £4,000,000 it | would soon bo cleared off by tho saving that c would ho made. The alteration from tho pro- Li poeaU of 1891 in tho preamble of tho resolutions 5 ought not to pass unobserved. In tho 1891 pro- $ posals the preamble read, "Whereas tho Aus- tralian colonics have agreed to unite." But the resolutions before this Convention read as a de- p duration that the Federal Constitution about »' to be formed emanated from the people, ami u that its purposo was to enlarge the 6 powers of tho peopto ns a whole, s In order to socuro tho integrity of the Federal j Government's powers all the servant. of the f Federal Government must be unconnected with J the provincial Governments. P Air. .1. Henry, AI.H.A. (Tasmania), said as to jj the all absorbing question of the representation Sof the States in the Senate he was glad to see there wus a tolerably unanimous opinion in the Convention that equal representation in the h Senate should be embodiudin the constitution |;i hill. The question ns to tile Senate's power of amending money kills would have to be con- jj sidered. He was very pleased with the sugges- S! tion thrown out in tho brilliant speech made by ft Air. "Wise, that n compromise he made to tho H effect that the Senato should have no power to it amend the annual Appropriation Bill, hut might dcalwithmoncyhillsinallotherforms. Ho would |i accopt that compromise as a very admirable oue. , As to tho franchise for the Senate, ho would submit the matter to the will of thcpcoplo. Tho representation in the National Assembly would, of course, bo on a population basis, and tliero should, ho' thought, bo a federal frnnchiso created. A great deal bad been said against tho adoption of the Cabinet system in tho Fcdoral Government, but he was in accord with thoso who preferred to nbido bj tho forms of government which were the growth of centuries, and to which the community was accustomed. (Applauso.) Regarding the adoption of the referendum, an eminent Swiss writer, Druz, had rocontly said something whioh had struck him very much, and that was that whilst the refer endum suited Switzerland vory much be- can-jo it had thero grown up with the country, lie doubted very much whether it would suit eLcwhero. That opinion helped him to conclude that in federation tho people should abide hugely by the methods of government whicli thoy understood, ami should not try experiments. He could not conceive a greater evil in drawing up a constitution than making the amendment of it a too easy matter. The third clauso of the resolutions con tained the crux of tho wholo busi ness of the Convention, namely, tho clauso giving tho Federal Government exclusive power to impose mid collect customs and excise duties and give bounties. In the adjustment of customs revenue his idea was that for a time tho States should go on collecting tlio present duties, and then on tho same date throughout the colonics the CustomHouses should be placed under the federal control. If the colonies went on receiving their own duties fora time it would avoid complex calculations as to who was to sharo. Sir George Turner : But you would have the same complications under tho uniform tariff. Air. Henry knew that, was a difficulty, but tho plan he had. suggested was the only way out of it. Ho agreed with the view that if tho federal power took over tho customs duties it must also take over the public dtbt. If, after paying tho interest on tue combined debt, thore was any surplus remaining, it should bo distributed amongst the colonics on the basis of population. The smaller colonies would loso bv the Federal Government taking over tho post office, but he did not think that financial considerations should bar tho way to federation. Ho viewed with great apprehension the proposalto give the federal authority powor to impose direct taxa tion, and he did not think such a power should be conferred evon if money wero required for defence purposes. Ho thought it should be raised by a tax imposed by the States. Air. Symon, Q.C. (South Australia), joined with Air. Higgins in thinking it would have been advantageous if the Convention had been a little more plentifully informed of the views of thoso delegates who had been engaged in previous gatherings of tho same sort. They were really the natural leaders of the Convention, although the Convention had the advantage of not being bound to follow them. The gentlemen referred to would havo been able to havo indicated the merits of previous schemes, and to have irointed out the pitfalls which, after material reflection, they would recommend the Convention to avoid. Air. Higgins, he thought, had made an extrome speech, to which the remarks of Mr. Wise had been to a largo extent the antidote. Air. Carruthers had gone to considerable longths, bub Air, Higgins had out- Heroried. Herod. Air. Higgins bad practically asked tho smallor colonies to open their mouths and see what the larger colonies would send them. (Laughter.) Air. Gordon (South Australia) : And shut their eyes. Air. Symon said he had omitted that part of the aphorism in order not to make it too severe, but his conviction was that if Mr. Higgins's idea of State representation were adopted in tho federal scheme the smaller colonies would be elevated to the useful but not very dignified position of bottle holders for the largcrcolouios. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Ho agreed with Alossrs. Wise and Carruthers that it was a happy inspiration on tho part of Air. Barton to introduce into the preamblo of the resolutions tho words which indicated federa tion was intended to enlarge the powers of self government by the people. Mr. Barton said ho was afraid he inust dis claim the inspiration. Ho would mention in his reply whose suggestion the words were. Mr. Symon (continuing) said he would have liked to have a sixth sub-clause : added to clauso 1, expressing as j a principlo condition of federation an ' affirmation of < the absolute permanence of the i proposed union. (Hear, hear.) Alluding to \ what Air. Carruthers had suggested as to the desirability of the Premiers, when in England, asking for the purchaso of New Guinea, he woulu like the Premiers , to go home with the first complete draft of the Federal Constitution Bill of Australia for presentation to. the British Government. It would be ono of the most im portant and acceptablo parts of the great cele bration in which the Premiers were to take part. Tho members of the Convention should bend their energies to put the Prcmiors if pos sible in the position to present the: bill. In any creation of a federal court of appeal, ho was against establishing an authority that would be inferior to tho Privy Council. We liad material for the establishment of such a court as powerful and distinguished as was necessary for the purpose. If the United States, with its smaller population at the time of tho union, was able to constitute a powerful , court of appeal surely the federated colonies of Australasii could also establish a federal court. There ought to be a great federal judiciary detached from the separate colonies, and above tho reaoh of all the other courts of jurisdiction Though there was womon's suffrage in South Australia, ho would not be in favor of imposing women's suffrage upon the other colonies in the federal scheme. In his opinion tho Convention should follow |tho lines of least resistance as far as possible in all matters form ing part of tlic conditions of federation. As to the difficulty of engrafting responsible Govern ment on the federal system referred to by Sir Richard Baker, he (Air. Symon) was for respon sible Government. (Applause.) He wished to cling to the English system as far as he could. (Hear, hear.) Try as one might to eradicate ' party influences under any system they would ' assert themselves. Responsible Government in England had worked remarkably well for secur ing tho liberties of tho people. It had been nrgucd that a Government could not be respon sible to two Houses. His idea was that it should be responsible to one House. The absence of responsible Government was not essential to federation in tho United States and Switzerland. They never had responsible Government ; but he was under tlio impression that if the Upitcd States knew the advantages of it when they federated as they did now, they would not have been without it. A well informed writer indeed had recently eaid that tho United States President had been fashioned not to rcsemblo j the modern Prime Alinister, but the old j fashioned king, with powers for mischief cur tailed merely by election for short terms. | AVith reference to the Convention he would j quote a precedent from Air. Bryco's book show- j ing that the system of responsible Government was not inconsistent with. federations. "A singular combination of the Presidential and Cabinet system," Bryces&id;, " wan to be found in the present constitution of Hawaii, framed j under the influence of American traditions. It < kept a Cabinet of four Alinisters, but having an j irresponsible hereditary monarch the Legislature . wasgiven power to dismiss them by rote of want : of confidence. The Legislature thero consisted j of nobles who wero unpaid, and representatives ' who were paid, who sat and voted together." ' He was in favor of tho Federal Government j being made responsible to the national | Assembly. The Senato should consist of not more than six members from eaoh State, and there should bo equal representation in tho Senate, He did not think the ppwor of amend ing mono bills should bo withdrawn from the Senate, providing the House of Representatives had the sole right of initiating them. To allow the Senate to reject and not to amend, ns was proposed, seemed to be straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel. Intercolonial froa-trado would be about almost a sham if tho railways were not put under the fcdoral autho rity. (Hear, hear.) If the railways wero to be left under tho unfettered control of each State as much mischief might bo done as if tho trade of the Alurray River were not to bo con trolled by the Fedoral Government. On the other hand, a federal con trol which was only exerted to prevent tho unfair diversion of trade by tho manipulation of the railwavs would he irritating. The federal control of the railways should be complete and absolute. (Applause.) In conclusion, he echoed entirely »U Mr. Barton had said in favor of mutual con ciliation, but tho adoption of a conciliatory spirit was not to be interpreted as requiring surrender of preconceived principles at discre tion. Ho intended to strugglo long and hard in favor of his principles, and would give up uothing except under a conviction that it was tho proper course to take. When tho federal constitution was finished, lie hoped members would all put their names to it, as Benjamin Franklin signed the American one, saying, "We doubt our infalli bility, but we approve of tho instrument." The federal constitution should bo accepted with all its imperfections. Tho glory of Statesmen was to construct. If the con vention succeeded iu tho work it had undertaken it would establish a nation great in all ttie arts of peace and strong in the defenco of its own liberties. (Applause.) Tho debate being adjourned, on tho motion of Air. Holder (South Australia), leave of absence on account of distance was granted to the West Australian delegates for the last four (lave, and for two days to Air. Trenwith, of Victoria, through illness. Tlio Convention, at 5.35, adjourned to the following (this day). llis Excellency the Governor entertained tho delegates at dinner to-night, at Government House. 