í A STÛNSf MïtUClÉ. j mvasTiôAiiûïr *t A EEPOHTSE. 3 TBS iKTBaiitTiHQ CASE OF MR. IHOMAS JABTCS, WHO aj.ro «BAT A FEW wn*ss' ABO w -WM CEIPPLBD-PA8TIAI.LT PÁB.U.Y2SD, SoFÍKfctlHJ FBÖM IiOCO MoroE ATAXU, ABD HELPLESS. DOC TORS, Hosrrm. AcrHOEirtss, ANS SVSB.TONS SUD CE VC ET DT* AB HIS 'CASE WAS HOPEUMS. BUT TRKT WEBB KTSTAEEN. 10-DAT SE XS A KEW MAN, FUI.t. OF LtTE AKD BttBBAT. HIS CBOTOBEB BE HAS Tnsowit AWAY, KM DEAD LIMBS SAVE Lire, sis Arecrrrc »AsEEtCJWEB, AND, IN FACI, BC BAS A NEW LEASE oe Lirs OCT AND OCT. So much intercet has teen shown by our readers in this marvellous case that wo have published ihe tacts again as they appeared in the Australian Wurtman a few weeks afro : One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr.Thomiw Jarvis, 4-5 Crown-Lone, -Ultimo. He was dis covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He waa np and about and able to answer the knock ut the door. In reply to Dbe preliminary questions he said: "You want to know all about my case P Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken aa I was.'' " How long: were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I ¡jot so bad that I hod to leave off irork, and I have done nothing since then. About five, years ago, next Christmas, I met with au acci dent. I was badly scolded while taking a bath in Pitt-Vtreet, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and ofter four years of gradual development of tliottalady, I was forofld to (jive up my billet at tho Olcbe Island." " What wore the symptoms." " 8imply indescribible. They wera just about as much as I could bear. They were for all tho world Uko as if a saw wore cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to mysalf and everyone elsa. I was incessantly shivering and sh&kinev; and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last 1 »nw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he «ave me an order to thc Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did yon make usc of thy order f" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weekB ago I could not walk across tho floor; in fact, I could not goi ont of b»d. I felt then that it »as all over with mc, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me and did all li» could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that 1 was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ton years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with enerary to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at mi idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the eure effected in tbs case of another boilev-makcr in England, which I read in thü Jutirtilian Wnrkman by Dr. Williams' Fink Pills for Pale People. T read ia tbs advertisftment of a. casa which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous es it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with mo, It was the first appetite and vest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately Inf* the bed and was able to movo about. 1 have takeu four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. 1 can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually hut surely reonvmng my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here? They were made for mo before I gol Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't wont them. AH I want is this stick, and I hope ? soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly gaining my strength." .. He is 100 per neut, better," said Mrs. j Jarvis, who had come in and taken the babv on her knees. " Dr, Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life and made a new man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling baa come back to my legs. If I keep on going thc way 1 am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. 1 am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my lifo. I am in no pain now, what ever, and feel like a new man. On tho mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave nie to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay whore they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everybody who kilowa mo has been amazed in the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such ia the remarkable history and con firms what jg said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought Hy Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. They eura locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood such aa anicmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigest ion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head ache, otc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuino only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo, People, and aro sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Companv, Queon's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt cl Blamps or post order ono box for 2e 9d, or half-doaen for 1*B 9d. 