HAUNTED. CHAPTER I, WAS IT A GHOST. Christmas Eve! How many thoughts cluster round it ! At Larch Abbey, the grand, old, many-windowed building, with the dark grey walls, standing in wide grounds, it is the habit to keep up the various old customs belonging to Christmastide. Over the cold and beautiful drapery of snow the moon shown down her fullest light- and moon- light and fresh fallen snow were ghost-like, but indescribably beau- tiful. The solemnity of the moonlight and of the hour might surely be enough to wake an imaginative heart to invest the silence with something of mystery. That was what was said after- wards by most of the good folks assembled that evening at Larch Abbey. Old Deborah Cane did not say so, however, but then she was an antiquated dame, who had been nurse at the Abbey for years out of number; and who would listen seriously to her ? Even beautiful Delia Larch smiled when Deborah grew solemn over her ghost stories. Delia Larch is the heroine of this story, and never has she appeared more beautiful than now. She holds in her hands a furred mantle, to throw over her when the rush of cold air shall be admitted as the hall-door opens, for several of the home-going guests who have formed that merry Christmas Eve party reside in the neighborhood. And Delia has proposed, and all those who remain at the Abbey have readily agreed, to see the departing guests to their carriages. They reach the hall; Delia's handsome brother Reginald, two or three years her senior, stands beside her. Those two cling together lovingly for, rich as they are in this world's goods, they are poor in relatives — father— father, mother, and elder brother long since in the grave. And so Delia owns the Abbey and its lands, and Reginald is heir to a still larger property called Mount's Castle; but the brother and sister live here at the Abbey together, with the wife of their deceased guardian, Mrs. Ashley. She stands hero in the hall on this occasion when we introduce Delia and her brother to our readers, among whom we may notice Lord Lindsay Deane and Miss Favoretta Earle. In the background are several servants. Twelve o'clock begins to strike with solemn distinctness, and really no one has any idea that it was nearly so late. Lord Lindsay casts an appealing glance at Delia ; does she perceive it? If so, she feigns to be busy with the departing guests. But Reginald Larch has boldly taken his stand by Favoretta — or rather, has drawn her forward to his side ; for are they not affianced lovers now ? Did she not tell him yesterday that she could return his love? So Reginald draws Fay's hand within his own as midnight chimes. The wide hall door swings softly open, "Good night, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year,' was said by all ; and the carriage containing the departing visitors rolled away. But I am wrong in saying that everybody amid that assemblage called out the good night and the good wish ; for Delia did not. Instead thereof, she gave a cry, suppressed indeed, but it startled those near her, especially as her eyes dilated and were fixed on some distant object in a passing terror. "What is it, D.?" asked Regi- nald, bending towards her. "Didn't you see?' she said softly and hurriedly. "Out there in the snow—that figure shrinking away. "Oh, Reggie, you noticed his hat and his whole appearance?" "No I didn't ; and I think you mistook the broad patch of light falling on that bush so heavily snow laden, and the cedar bough above, for a man's figure," replied Regi- nald in the same tone. "Oh, no!" whispered Delia. It was all she had time to say, for the house door closed. "Come back into the saloon, good people, for a few moments, that you may get warm again before retir- ing,"cried Mrs. Ashley. And all followed except Delia, who lingered, and said to the old man-servant who had opened the door, "I wish I could look out once more," "Certainly miss, if you wish it." And then the cold air rushed in once again, and the wonderful world outside was in view. Delia, unheeding the sharp air, stood full in the entrance, and gave one searching glance at the cedar- bough and the shrub beneath it, and then signed to the servant to close the door. After which she became aware that Lord Lindsay Deane was lingering at a little distance, wistfully and timidly regarding her. Delia looked up at him, and a blush stole over her fair face. "You have been taking another look at the enchanting Christmas Eve?" asked he coming to her side. No; at nothing so romantic, she smiled. "No? Let me ask, then, what it was you honored by your notice?" "I was searching for the ghost, Lord Lindsay. It may be proper for the hour and time of the year but you will set me down as very silly and fanciful for doing so." "I will help you look for the ghost myself!" said he warmly. "It was not a ghost that I was seeking ; but I do wish somebody had noticed it as well as I. It was a figure in a slouched hat, shrink- ing away among the trees." "I'll go out and find him, if he is to be found!" And the young man would have seized his over- coat, and rushed out into the snow had not Delia laid the tips of her fingers entreatingly on his arm. "To-morrow! To-morrow! Oh, not to-night !" she cried. "To-morrow will be too late !" he answered. "We can trace the footmarks. Oh, please come now into the saloon with me," she urged. He would have gone anywhere with her, and was easily persuaded. When they returned to the apart- ment people were exchanging the final "Good night" with each other. As Lindsay clasped Delia's hand he imprisoned it lingeringly. 'He loves me." was the thought which thrilled her heart. And a rosy future, all golden with hues of warmest affection, unrolled itself, as if by enchantment, before her vision within. Who could chide her? Could she foresee that the mysterious figure of which who had caught a fleeting glance that night— the dark figure in the slouch hat, hurrying away amid the snowwreaths— carried with him her destiny ? The young girl ascended the stair- case with Fay, her heart still beat- ing to a rapturous tune with Lind- say's hand-pressure. As she reached her own apartment, her first action was to hurry to a window and draw aside the curtains to come out upon the night. Her windows overlooked the front of the Abbey, and if the re- flection of the light streaming on the fantastic white folds of snow had really caused the appearance of a figure, she would like to feel as- sured if she had made a mistake. But, no! Broad and fair fell the moonlight over the particular shrub she had had in view when the house door was opened, and a dark cedar bough waved above it ; but there was no resemblance now to the figure of a man in a slouch hat. A tap at tho door, and old Deborah entered. "I could not go to rest to-night, Miss Delia, without coming to wish you joy for the Christmastide," said she. "Did you hear me call out, Deborah?" said Delia. "No, my dear Miss Delia ; but I know'd there was somethin' amiss, 'cos I was watchin' you. And you looked startled, and whispered to Mr. Reggio, an' had the house door opened agen. Besides, I heard you tell my Lord Lindsay as you'd seen a ghost, Which no doubt you did, my dear young lady." "Oh, no, nurse. I am not so foolish as to think that. But I did see a figure in a slouch hat getting away as fast as he could out of sight under the cedar bough. And I wonder whom it could be." "I know," answered the old woman mysteriously. "I've never said a word to you all these years, but to-night it seems as if I couldn't hold my tongue. And poor dear Mr. James, dead in foreign lands so long ago. No wonder that on Christmas Eve his spirit should come to look at the place he never in life came back to. That was who you saw, Miss Delia ; but I wish he could rest, poor Mr. James!" "Nurse, dear," cried Delia, "don't talk like that. It pains me, even though I never knew — neither I nor Reggie — our eldest brother, James. His death was so sad, out in the wild prairies, away from every one at home. "Twas a sad death, my dear ; but sadder still to my mind, that he can't rest! For you may depend on it, there's no ghost but his wan- ders about the old Abbey! A slouch hat I well remember he used to wear. But he was a-coming back all right when he died. Show me just now where you see him ?Do, now, Miss Delia," (To be Continued) 