A YI>NEY MIRACLE. , INVESTIGATION BY A RE PORTER. The Interesting Case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, who says that a few weeks ago he was crippled — Partially Paralysed, Suffer- ing from Locomotor Ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, and every one said he must Die, as his Case was Hopeless. But they were mis taken. To-day he is a NewMan, full of Life and Energy, his Crutches he has Thrown Away, His Dead Limbs have Life, his Appetite has Returned, and, in fact, he has a new lease of Life Out and Out. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Austra lian Workman a few weeks ago : — One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas jarvis, Crown-lane, Ultimo. He. was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and abie to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary ques tions he said ; "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave oft work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago. next Christ mas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the acci dent I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual de velopment of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me my case was utterly hopeless.' However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" \- " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question . of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and mor phia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the, spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances ot gait and difficulty in co-or dinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that, medical opinion is not in fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at- a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing the cure effected in the case ofanother boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Austra lian Workman, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for. Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was. the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It .was incred ible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I had taken four boxes of Pink Pills dur ing the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr Willi ams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. 'All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feel ing has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excru ciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appe tite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a pur gative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers gener ally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half- dozen for 14s gd.- 