APPOINTMENTS. The following appointments ?were made at Wednesday's ejecting of the Executive Council : — Cyril Jackson, inspector - j;- ner.u of schools ; H. S. Ranf'-d, deputy survejor-general during the tem porary absence of Mr. Johnson; Wm. King, acting inspector of pearl-shell fisheries at Shark's Bay during the absence of Mr. John Brockman; F. E. Barlee, acting resident magistrate at Cool gaidie during the absence on leave of the resident magistrate ; W. A. 'Water, temporary mining registrar at the Collie Coalfield mining district; J. C. Cape, clerk to magistrates and local court at clerk to magistrates aifd loi-al court at Day Dawn ; J. M. Clancy, clerk to magistrates and local court at Menzies; W. farmer, resident medical officer aisd public vaccinator at Hall's Creek ; £. Kidson, deputy mining registrar at the Ashburton goldfields ; Win. Kelty, chief accountant, Public Works Department; Wm. Mitchell, sub - accountant. Public Works Department; H. L. French, pro moted to the position o£ assietant engineer in the railway construc tion branch of the Public Works Department; J. S. Jowett, engineer- , ing draughtsman, railway con struction branch ; A. Gooding, draughtsman, architectural branch; E. O. Da-vies, junior clerk, electri cians* branch ; E. G-. Ovey, draughtsman, architectural branch; G«orge Stacey, draughteman, harbors and rivers branch; F. Callaway, caretaker at the barracks; Herbert M. Ford, draughtsman, railway construction branch; E. office, Meazies ; J. M'Lean as sistant at the post-office, Cool gardie; T. H. Coles, operator at Coolgardie; W. A. Trayne, as sistant at the Coolgardie post offiee ; W. Egglestone, clerk in the General Post-office; T. J. Landy, clerk in the General Post-office. A Monstee Mail Boat. — The largest mail steamer which has ever visited Australia arrived at Albany, Dec. 30, in the shape of the Friedrich der Grosse, a new boat built by the Nord-deutscher Lloyd. A full account of this marine monster appeared in our columns on December 25. Tbe passengers were loud in their praise of the steamer, which is beautifully fitted up for the comfort of travel lers. Milton, in his great epic poem, speaks of ' Leviathan, which God of all his works, created hugest that swims the ocean stream,' but the fabled monster of antiquity sinks into insignifi cance when compared with ourfin de-siecle ocean greyhounds. Mistaken Identity. — A re markable case of mistaken identity is reported from Fecamp. The body of a man _^fi found recently in the Eue de Valmont, and after the uenal formalities was buried as that of an octogenarian named Godefroy. Two of GodefroVs daughters attended the funeraL Wnen they returned home they nearly died of terror at finding their father sitting in his usual place near the fire. The shrieks of the women, who thought that they saw a ghost, brought in the neighbors. The error was due to a remarkable likeneBs between Godefroy and the man who had been found dead. 'faddy the Big' was sentenced to sis: months' imprisonmest at Cool gardie recently for the larceny of a silver watch. Paddy the Kig — This most be a mistake, surely it should be Paddy the Frig. ? :?* ?? 