AUSTRALIAN POETS AND POETRY. LECTURE BY MR. J. E. S. HENERIE. MR. J. E. S. Henerie, himself a poet of no mean order, and a literary savant whose worth recently re- ceived spontaneous recognition from one of the American universities in the shape of an honorary degree as Bachelor of Literature, occupied the plat- form of the Paddington Town Hall last week to lecture upon "Australian Poets and Poetry." The immediate purpose of the lecturer was to assist the hitherto-neglected sister of Charles Harpur (Father of Australian Poetry) in a pecuniary way. Mr. J. C. Neild, M.P. for Paddington, presided, the other gentlemen on the platform including Mr. R. D. Meagher and the Rev. Mr. Hill, a Protestant clergyman who takes a great interest in literary societies. The Rev. Fathers Whyte and Cregan, of St. Mary's Cathedral, had seats amongst the audience, which also included a number of the members of St. Francis' (Paddington) Literary and Debating Society, whose meeting had been post- poned till the following evening to permit of their attendance at the lecture. The lecturer, who was not disposed to rhapsodize on local poetry or poets because they were local, provided an undeniable literary treat while justify- ing his reputation for critical acumen and chaste literary style. He discussed the question as to what goes to make a national literature, and formed his immediate criticism in answering the question, "What writings are there that are Australian and national?'' He found that all Australia's achieve- ments in that line were synchronous with the Vic- torian reign, for prior to 1837 "Australia had not begun to write her name in the pages of books." In estimating the claims of our several poets to recog- nition the young lecturer examined the geographi- cal, climatic, and social conditions of Australia, and from this point either by allusion or extract showed to what extent our poets had been inspired by the local Muse as well as equal to universal literary standards. It was the custom (said the lecturer) to, say that this country is too young to produce any original writers, and that we must wait many hundred years before we see spring up a national literature. America is always brought forward to show how slowly a nation develops a literature of its own. But at the settlement of America literature was very much less cultivated than it is now, when writers so much abound that the distinction is not so much having written a book as having read a single volume. Wild America, with its forces of man and nature arrayed against the intruder, left him little time to cultivate the arts or sing the dangling delights of a baby's coral. The scenery of Austra- lia is in some respects like that of Southern Europe, where poetry is the speech of the people. If our population is small, it must be remembered that Athens never in the periods of its literary grandeur had a population greater than any one of these provinces. It is on the character and not the num- ber of a population that the greatness of a nation depends, and our secondary and superior education schemes have created a class never present in America. Australia has produced national poetic literature, and already numbers several poets of which no country would feel ashamed. Charles Harpur is generally esteemed the Father of Austra- lian verse, and moreover is one of its finest exponents, and from his able treatment of blank verse, a classic in fact. Perhaps this is one of the reasons why he is so little read by the ordinary reader now. Aus- tralian wood and water have influenced Harpur. Not always as Harpur pictured that so often insisted upon here, the sombre deep wood and the melan- choly roll of overflowing water, or the dead creep of sweltering creeks, but sometimes he paints the laughing river, on whose banks green-edged the rich culture of a tropical climate troop and laugh and dance far into space. Such are "The Tower of the Dream,'' "A Midsummer Noon in the Austra- lian Forest," "The Vision of the Rock," and most of the lyrics. In addition, "Dawn in the Moun- tains," "The Dream by the Fountain," "Genius Lost," and "The Creek of the Four Graves" are full of local scenery, but redeemed in the master-hand of the poet from being called mere local colour. Not alone in his connected and sustained pieces is Harpur's power and witchery of his song heard. His single phrases and epithets possess a charm and a magic of association as to fully justify that applied to Keats's—"a large utterance." Do not such expressions as the following stray upon the tongue and linger about the ear? "Maiden's laughter soft, broke in rich wavelets near." "Quite vast and slumberous reigns." "Whose liquid disc in its undimpled rest glows like a mighty gem broaching the mountain's breast." "Her eyes are two midnights of passionate thought." "So long as love's rich heart is red, and beauty's eyes are bright—so long shall tears be shed." "The moan- ing of trees, all at midnight in motion." But one other Australian poet approaches Harpur in the delicacy and correctness with which he has culled both epithet and metre. Of metre, he is with Kendall the greatest Australian professor, and in the variety and splendour of it at command he approaches the great English poet who makes free use of blank verse. Gordon uses it never, and Kendall but twice. In blank verse Harpur shows his full gift. Parts of his blank verse need stand no fear in comparison with Milton, and for mingled sweetness and strength equal Keats's "Hyperion," and for delicacy of construction Tennyson's "Idylls of the King." No other Australian poet, except Kendall, possesses a more exquisite sense of the appropriateness of sound and imagery. His charmed numbers flow on like the free current of a melodious stream whose associations are with the sunbeams and the shadows, the leafy boughs of the gum, the song of the forest birds, the dew of the flowery bank, and all things sweet and genial and delightful, whose influence is around us in our happiest moments, and whose essence is the wealth that lies hoarded in the treasury of Nature. Harpur's lyric outpourings are eminently noble. Yet with all his gifts Harpur will not be really what is called a popular poet. However, he will always have a fit audience, but its numbers, it is hoped for the benefit of humanity, will be considerably more than few. The lecturer proceeded to deal with Kendall— the Australian poet-laureate. Not only in his poetry, the best of it, the embodiment of what real national inspiration there is in the people of Aus- tralia, but he is the only poet honoured in a na- tional manner after his death. Gordon is not the national poet nor the greatest, as Kendall is. No one but Kendall could have written Kendall's poetry. Kendall does not theorize; he photographs. On occasion, too, he has painted the grand and ter- rible with a skill inferior to no man in any language. The "Ghost Glen" as an example. Gordon treated Nature only on account of the figures that moved on it. The dramatic instinct in its higher forms is entirely absent from Gordon's poems, and also from those of Kendall. If, however, Kendall had written all his poems in the strain of "Ghost Glen," he would be entitled to a high position in this group. Kendall belongs to the third group, who treat Nature for her own sake. The influence of Swinburne on Gordon's mind is as plain as it is on his verse. Henry Lawson is a true poet. But he wants leisure to study the measures and rhymes of the great poets of the world, for Lawson's one de- ficiency is the small knowledge he has of metre. He has but one metre, and that a sing-song one, such as "In the Days When the World was Wide." In his "Faces in the Street" Lawson's love of humanity finds full vent. This poem is one not for a nation to cherish, but for all mankind. It ranks higher than Hood's "Song of the Shirt." It ranks almost beside Tennyson's lyric, "Tears, Idle Tears." John Farrell is a poet of a new kind. His faithfulness to human nature, his wide range, his dramatic truth, his naive and humorous abandon, as well as his lyrical force and glow shown in "Adrift" and shorter poems, combine to give him a distinct place in Australian literature. Of Edwin J. Brady's poems the lecturer was not in a position to speak with justness, not having seen a collection. What the lecturer had seen showed great power and a distinctively original rhythm. As to Mr. M'Crae's work, an exaggerated idea of its importance has long been current. He, not like Lawson, Patterson, Farrell, and others, treated of life from the colonial point of view. Mr. Roderic Quinn has written some verse worthy of admira- tion; but he also has mixed the bitter with the sweet. Mr. Quinn has, generally speaking, all the instincts which true poetry demands. Of Mr. Liddel Kelly the lecturer had the highest opinion. It would be no surprise if Mr. Kelly writes a poem of the century. He has a peculiar and striking lyric gift of narration. Having spoken in warm ap- preciation of Brunton Stephens, the lecturer ven- tured the remark that his brilliant work is too delicate to live. Passing on to Mr. Philip J. Holdsworth, the lecturer said that no other Australian poet more unequal could be named. He mixes the chaff and the grain in an unaccountable way. He makes verse that distracts us, and, on the other hand, he creates lines that en- thrall us. The lecturer briefly passed over Thomas Bracken, Evans, Victor Daley, Boak, and Ambrose Pratt. "Banjo" Patterson is a poet who has gained an international reputation. His character- istics are virility and humanity—terms used in the artistic sense. Mr. Christopher Brennan came next under review. The best of his work has a deep spiritual, original genius, notably for condensed force, depth of insight, and for beauty and brilliance of expression. His style suffers from occasional obscurities. It is in fire, vigour, and verve that Mr. Brennan is chiefly lacking. But if the splendid promise of his book is not belied, Mr. Brennan will be one of our greatest and most distinctive Australian poets. With respect to Mr. O'Hara, the lecturer awarded that poet the title of being pre- eminently the painter of Australian sum- mer. As a sonnet writer, Mr. O'Hara stands easily first amongst Australian writers. 