Stray Notes. We are not doing the Brisbane Municipal Council any injustice in saying that no public body «ver put itself in so scandalous a position as it has done. The outbreak of typhoid fever in the East Brisbane district has foeennfee aieaa»ef revealing its culpaMe apathy and its utter unfitness to watch the public good, The high salary list of the council hm beett more thatuMice referred to by the daily prp®, and it would really begin to appear that the chief qualification for employment is to foe able to do-nothing well. Aldermen sw^em to work on the principle that the man who does least work shall be best j. aid. The typhoid disclosures ought to ojjen the eyes of the ratepayers. The council decided that no licenses should be issued to milk sellers in the city who had not sufficient paddocking in which to. run their stoelc This resowtion appears to 'haTe'1i^H'ts'&^ mmimum wage clause which it was decided should l^e inserted in municipal eo'ntracts. Suddenly.it was found that one of these nnilk sellers, with something like thirty cows, and not a 'sixteen perch allotment to his name, had developed typhoid fever in his fairiil}', five members of which were down, atia that, this notwithstanding, the milk from his cows was being distributed, the result of which, Mayor M'Master him self declared, had been that three othtfr cases had been reported. In any «a3e, the patients were people .to whose nouses the milk was supplied. The mayor, instead of promptly stopping this sale, waited for the ordinary meeting of the council, and nothing would probably have been done then had not that other moribund body—- the Central Board of Health— called attention to the outbreak. In our opinion, the Health Board oughts to have had authority to at once deal with the matter. As it was, much valuable time was lost, and, maybe, the trouble attenuated^ -Who shall say 'what the. .result. has been?' \- But there is another fact. Aldermen admitted they had seen cows feeding* on sewage and garbage; they declared there were many cases where the suppliers of milk in the city had only the public, streets on which to graze their cows. Having done this they emphasised the necessity for taking immediate action 1 What we desire to know is how, if aldermen knew the way the city herds were fed, they did not come to speak of the matter, or what the city inspector's staff were doing? Were they all so busy trying to manipulate wood paving or euchre the tram company — which will now not need horse feed ! — to be unable to devote any time to the public health? Surely if the inspectors we!re doing their duty they must have come across the Shafton-ruad milk seller. The Council has evidently been conscious that the in spector's office has been a farcical failure, because they demanded -of the head uf it a plan of re-organisation. At the very meet ing at which this typhoid, business was re ferred to that plan wsis presented, and the alderuieu decided that it should be sent back to the man who devised it ! They showed their hand in an unmistakable fashion. They were positively afraid to discharge an employe who was stated to be not qualified for the work he was called upon to do. What was the restraining influence? The rate payers may take it from us that tht'iv is more going on be tween the four walls of the Brisbane Municipal (Council than is known outside. Iphe carryings-on of the past few iyeeks oUght to be sufficient to prove tiiatTiot only should there be a clearing out of cer tain offices but that better men ought to be elected to comprise the Council itself., A man who is pot skilled in torturous unaer ^round 'engineering, wirepertlregrTraidin fluence-hunting hasn't a. ghost of a show there at present. \Aud bearing on this matter was a 'swuftling 'confession made at the Sout^ Br]^banet3ouncii meeting on Monday last. The\same outbreak, was being dieeusaed, there, when alder»ien\eottdemued generally \ the action of the Uentral Board of Health1; in refusing to compel medical men to ' furnish to local authorities reports of out breaks of contagion they may be called upon to deal with. HardWave happens to be a 'member of both the^pouncii and the Central Board of Health, and he defended and justified the decision of the latter on remarkable grounds. He said the Board had -been afraid to make the -reports as ? requested l-ecause it was so easy to frighten people f'- on a locality to the great detriment of property holders ! The sacred rights of property again ! The health of a com munity is to be sacrificed to bricks and mortar ; to turn in shekels for landlords of the alderinanic type— for landlords who would, if they could, have folk live in jn^nitary-JiJoyflB ? Tt'».the.-dd.cry,-?--^Any»- i— thing is good enough for the poor.' It ia on the poor _ that iandsharks of the i aldermamc order are able to live in com- j parative luxury. Perhaps however, while | the system is '-allowed to prevail the selfish \ freed of people cannot so much be ' quarrelled with ; but we do strenuously object to a public body like the Central Board of Health, which draw* its guineas with clock-like regularity presumably to protect the public health, prostituting what tittle power it has in the interests of property. Wp cannot forget that some time ago when it was proposed to publish a map showing the disease sgK-ts of Bris bane, th \ same body vetoed it. Such Ha — map would have been of incalculable value to people desiring to pitch their tent in a in a healthy locality; one would have thought the Central Board of Health would Hhat^rbeeu aiixtuuB l-niee~dia^u^-8ti'ioken areas tabooed. But no ; the sacral rights of property were allowed to triumph and stfie f.eoule are allowed to risk their lives by unconsciously renting houses where houses ought not to exist. This chain pionship on the part -of the Health Hoard is audaciously improper, and we hope now that the Local 0overnmeut Bill is., being discussed Tozer wiilbe tsonfronted with this latent indecent act on the part of the body he presides over and which b1? is so fond of upholding. Co-operation in Leicester is in a flourish _ij^ -3o»djiion4 aecoMiiigJbai-hcone hundred and forty -fifth quarterly re^wrt of the Leicester Co-operative Bbciety. For the first time in the existence of the Society the s »les are over £50, 0W in the quarter, total ing altogether £50,540, °-* an increase of S6,48(i over those of the corresponding quarter of last year. After providing for interest on capital, &c;, a nett profit re mains of 4'5, 467- Johuy Leahy, the democrat, and his pal Storj' thus guard the in terests of the carriers in the Sbuwi-west. The Charlevillc Times recently said : *Mt seems as if the powers that be have made up their minds to do all. they ca-n to divert trade from Chafleville. Goods consigned from Brisbane to Thargo mindah are not charged any additional freight between here and Wyandra This is a palpable injustice, ^particularly to the carriers who have their -homes in town. Those of them lucky enough to get a load to Thargomindah must travel sixty miles to Wyandra at their own expense, thereby losing the amount of road carriage. The interests of Thargomindah are being care fully nursed.' The Wyandra mentioned is the present terminus of the Cunnamulla line. ? ? , 