Ohapteb X. tjiory's letter and its enolosure fell on John Storm like rain in the face of a man on horse baok— he only whipped up and went faster. 'How can I find words,' ho wrote, 'to ex press what I feel at your mournful news 'i Yet why mournful? His life's mission was ful filled, his death was a peaceful victory, and . we ought to rejoice that he was eo easily re leased. I trust you will not mourn too heavily for him or allow his death to stop your life. It would not bo right. No trouble came near his stainless heart — no shadow of sin ; his- old age was a peaceful day which lasted until sun f.uM-. bo was a. creature thf-.t had no falsetto in % single fibre of his being — no shadow of affec tation, lie kept like this through all our com plicated existence in this artificial world, abso lutely unconscious of the hollowness and pre tensions and sham that surrounded him — tole- rant, too, and kind to alL Then why moan for him ? He is gathered in ; he is safe. ' His letter was touching in its artful sim plicity. It was intended to ask me to apply for his living. But my duty is here and London must make the best of me. Yet more than ever now I feel my responsibility with regard to yourself.. The time is not ripe to advise you. I am on the eve of a great effort. Many things have to be tried, many things attempted. It is a gathering of manna, a little every day. To God's keeping and protection, meantime, I commit you. Comfort your aunts, and let me know if there is anything that can be done for them.' Tho ink of this letter was«scarcely dry when John Storm uas in the middle of something else. Ho was iu a continual fever now. Above all, his great scheme for the rescue and redemp tion of women and children possessed him. He called it Glory's scheme when he talked of it to himself. It might be in the teeth of nineteenth century morality, but what matter about that? It was on the lines of Christ's teaching when he forgave the woman and shamed the hypocrites. He would borrow for it, beg for it, and there might be conditions under which he would steal for it too. Mrs. Callender shook her head. ' I much misdoubt there'll be scandal, laddie. It's a woman's work, I'm thinking.' ' 'Be thou as chaste as ice' aunty, 'as pure as snow' . . . but no matter. I intend to call out the full power of a united church into the warfare against this high wickedness. Talk of the union of Christendom. If we are in earnest about it we'll unite to protect and libe rate our women.' 'But where's the siller to come frae, lad die?' 'Anywhere — everywhere. Besides I have a bank I can always draw on, aunty.' 'Your no meaning the Prime Minister again, surely?' ' I mean the king. God will provide for me, as in this, so in everything.' TfniB his reckless enthusiasm bore down everything, and back of all his thoughts was tho thought of Glory, lie was preparing a way for her ; she was coming back to a great | career, a glorious mission. Her bright soul j would shine iiko a star ; eho would see j that he had been right and faithful, and I then — then ? . But it was like wine cour sing through his veins— be could not think of it. Three thousand pounds had to bo found to buy or build homes with, and he set out to bag for this money. His first call was at Mrs. Mackray's. Going up to tho house he met the lady's poodle in a fawn colored wrap coming out in charge- of a footman for its daily walk ronnd the square. He gave the name of 'Father Storm,' and after some minutes of waiting ho was told that j the lady had a headache and was not receiving that day. 'Say the nephew of the Prime Minister wishes to see her,' said John. Before the footman had returned again there was the gentle rustle of a dress on the stairs, and the lady herself was saying — 'Dear Mr. Storm, come up. My servants are real tireEome— they are always' confusing names.' Before they were seated in tho drawing-room Mrs. Mackray had plunged into an account of her anxieties as a mistress, what care she took in the selection of strictly evangelical church people, yet how hard it was to trust the certifi cates which she always required of a thorough change of heart, and how often she had been deceived. Time had told on her ; she was looking elderly aud the wrinkles about her eyes could no longer bo smoothed out. But her 'front' was curled aud sho was still saturated in Eau de Cologne. 'I heard of your return, dear Mr. Storm,' she said in the languid voice of the great lady, but the accent of St. Louis. 'My daughter told me about it. She was always interested in your work, you know. Oh, yes, quite well and having a real good time in Paris. Of course you know she has been married. A great blow to me, naturally, but being God's will, I felt it was my duty as a mother . . ' and then a pathetic description of her maternal sentiments, cousolod by the circumstance that her son-in law belonged to 'ono of tho best families,' and that ehe was continually getting newspapers from 'tho other side' containing full accounts of tho wedding and of the dresses that were worn at it. John twirled his hat in his hand and listened. ''And what aro your dear devoted people doinsr down theru in Solio?' Then John told of his work for working girls, and the great lady pretended to be deeply interested. 'Why, they'll soon be better than the upper classes,' she said. John thought it was not improbable, but ho went on to tell of hi3 Bcheme, and bow Email was the sum required for its execution. ' Only three thousand ! That ought to be easily fixed up. Why, certainly !' 'Charity is the salt of riches, iradain, and if rich people would remember that their wealth is a trust ...' 'I do — I always do. 'Lay not up for your self treasures on earth'— what a beautiful text that is.' 'I'm glad to hear you say so, madam,' said John, 'so many Christian people allow that God is tho God of tho widow and fatherless, while tho gods they really worship are the gods of silver and gold.' ' But I love the dear children, and I like to go to the institution to see them in their nice white pinafores, making their curtseys. But what you say is real true, Mr. Storm, and since I came from Sent Louis Pvo seen con siderable ooople who are that Billy about cats . . . ''—and then a long story of the folly of a lady friend who had once had a pet Persian, and it died, and then she wore crape for it, and you could never mention a cat in her hearing afterwards. At that moment the poodle came back from his walk, and the lady called it to her, fondled it affectionately, said it was a present from her poor dear husband, and launched into an account of her anxieties respecting it, being delicate and liable to colds, notwithstanding the trosseau (it was a lady poodle) which the fashionable dog tailor in Regent-street had provided for it. John got up to take his leave. ' May I then count on your kind support on behalf of our poor women and children of Soho ?' 'Ah, of courae, that matter. Well, you see,' as she gave him two fingers, 'the arch deacon kindly comes to talk ' oity' with mo — in fact I'm expecting him to-day, and I never do anything without asking his advice, never, in my present state of health. I have a weak heart, you know,' with her head aside and her saturated pocket- handkerchief -at her nose. ' But has the Prime Minister done anything ?' ' He has advanced me £2,000.' 'Really?' rising and. kicking her train. ' Well, as I say, we ought to fix it right away. Why not hold a meeting in my drawing room, all denominations,: you say? I don't mind— Dot in a cause like than,' and ehe glanced round her room as if thinking id was always, possible to disinfect it afterwards. Somebody wjis coughing loudly in the hall as John stepped downstairs* It was the arcli deaaon coming-in. ' Ah»' he exclaimed with a flourish of the hand, greeting John aa if they had parted yesterday and on the best of terms. Yes, there had buen changes!,, and he was pro moted to a sphere of higher usefulness. Irue his good friends had looked for something still higher, but it was the premier archdeaconry at all events, and in the church,, as in life generally, the spirit of compromise ruled everything; He asked what John was doing, and on being told he said without a- somewhat more worldly air, ? 'Be careful, my dear Storm ; don't encourage vice. For my part, I am tired of the: fallen sister. To tell you. the truth, I deny the name. The painted Jezebel of the Piccadilly 'pavement is no sister of mine.' ' We don't choose our relations, archdeacon,' said John. 'If God is our father then all men are our brothers and all women, are our Bisters whether we like it or not.' ' Ah I The same man still, I see. But, we will not quarrel about words. Been the dear First Lord lately? Not very lately. Ah, well,' with a superior smile, 'the air of Downing-street— it's so bad for the memory, they say,' and coughing loudly again he stepped upstairs. ' John Storm went home that day light handed, but with a heavy heart. 'Begging is an ill trade on a fast day, laddie,' said Mrs. Callender. 'iSit ye down and tak' some dinner.' ' How dare these people pray ' Our Father which art in heaven?'' It's blasphemy — it's deceit 1 ' 'Aye, and they would deceive God about thoir dividends if He couldn't see into their safes.' ' Their money is the meanest thing heaven gives them. If I asked them for their health or their happiness, Lord, God, what would they say?' On the Sunday night following John Storm preached to an overflowing congregation from the text— 'This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoreth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.' But a few weeks afterwards his face was bright and liis voice was cheery, aud he was writing another letter to Glory : — ' In full swing at last, Glory. To carry out my new idea 1 had to get £3,000 more of my mothers monev from my uncle. He gave it up cheerfully, only saying he was curious to see what approach to the Christian ideal the situa tion of civilisation permitted. But Mrs. Callender is 'dour,' aud every tinia I spend 6d. of my own money on the church she utters withering scavcasms about being only a ' daft auld woman hersef, aud then I have to caress and coax her. 'The newspapers were facetious about 'Baby Houses' until they scented the Prime Minister at the back of thorn, aud now they call them the 'Storm Shelters,' and christen my nightly processions 'The White Cross Army.' Even the archdeacon has begun to tell the world how he 'took au interest' in me from the first and gave me my title. I met him again the other day at a rich woman's house. Here we had only one little spar, and yesterday he wrote urging me to 'organise my great effort' and have a public dinner in honor of its inauguration. I did not think God's work could be well done by people dining in herds and drinking bottles of cham pagne ; but I showed no malice. Iu fact I agreed to hold a meeting in the lady's drawing room, to which clergymen, laymen, and mem bers of all denominations are being invited, for this is a cause that rises above all differences of dogma, and I intend to try what can be done towards a union of Christendom on a social basis. Mrs. Callender is 'dour* on that subject too, reminding me that where the carcase is there will tho eagles be gathered together. The archdeacon thinks we must have the meeting before the 12th of August or not until after the middle of September, aud Mrs. Callender understands this to mean that the Holy Ghost always goes to sleep in the grouse season. 'Meantime, my girls' club goes like a forest fire. We are in our renovated clergy house at last aud have everything comfortable. Two hundred members already, chiefly dressmakers and tailors and girls out of the jam and match factories. The bright, merry young tilings, rejoicing in their brief blossoming time between girlhood aud womanhood, I love to be among them aud to look at their glistening- eyes! Mrs. Callender blows withering blasts on this head also, saying it is no place for a 'laddie,' whereupon I lie low and think niuch, but say nothing. 'Our great night is Sunday night after service. Yes, indeed, Sunday ! That's just when the devil's houses are all open round about us, and why should God's house be s!^^ up? It is all very well for the people who have only one Sabbath in the week to keep it wholly holy. I have seven, being a follower of Jesus, not of Moses. But the rector of the parish has begun to complain of my intrusion, aud to tell the bishop I ought to he' 'mended' or 'ended' immediately. It seems that my 'doings' are 'indecent and un necessary,' aud my sermons are a 'violation of all the sanctities, all the modesties of exis tence.' Poor dumb dog, teaching the gospel of Don't ! The world has never been reformed by 'resignation' to the evils of life or con verted by 'silence' either. ' How I wish you were hero in the midst of it all ! And who knows ? Perhaps you will be some day yet Do not trouble to answer this. I will write again soon. Au revoir.' {To bc~continucd.) 