ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Austraolian Wlorkman.) Our representative made his way to the home of Thomas Jarvis,145 Crown-laneo, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " About five-and-half years ago I mot with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking eu bath in Pitt-street. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island." " What were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was ,n nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. " I came home and won to bed, and have been in bed pretty well over since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only ea question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under rimn for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locoinotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) "Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisemont describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian l'orkman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial any way, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly now, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made anuother man of him. A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked toen years younger that day than he did a short time back. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back im my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have been at any time during the past five years. 1 ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life.- I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a now man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave inm to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." WHAT MR. LABOUR-LEADER M'GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, M.P., leader of the labour party in the N.S.?Y. Assembly, was also seen in connection with the remarkablo case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. He says he hs he known Jarvis from infancy. He also know that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to ac malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there waso little chance of his recovery. Hoe understood Jarvis was refused ad mission to the Sydney Hospital, as hisocase had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, there fore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumnatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, and influenza's evil after effeots, and are a specitfi for all diseases of women, sseb nas uaUemia, poer and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They ste not a purgativeo medicine, but brace u"t and permanently strengthen the whole system. )r. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 2s Od or half-dozen for ls 3d. 