HOUDAY TRIPS IN VICTORIA. V — a ! By EXPERT. v - Myprofesslim often rcqnliPti me trr travel at express sliced to various parts of tho colony, and I make use of the knowledge acquired on those Jourmiys to plan out tih? holiday trijw tlvU I take every now and thou, wiieu fuggged witu the rush, hurry, tear and wear of uu active profcstiiofia! life; imd, at tbe re quest of soiiK? of the readers of ray articles on "Victoria and Its Mint's," 1 will (bttcrilie a lew of tlio trips thai I have found most enjoyable, nnd at ihe same time prolltable, iu the hope that others, wiio Iwive not an equal opixw- Itinlty of examining the country, may tie enal>l(sl to lake ailvunluge of my expcriejice, and uuike tliu most, of their fortulglit or tbreu weeks' annual leave. I assure them tliey need not ngrct that it is too shorL lo lennit thiiui to visit New Kenlnud, New South Wales, or Tasmania, until tiiey luive explored lhdr own colouy, wlilcli eoutnlns many of the graudqst uud most ts-autltiil spots that I have seen throughout AiiRtra- hisia. Of course, anyone following my programme must lie prepori'd for a little iiealthy fatigue, and I would strougly etapliitsLse Uie necirssity of taking as little luggage as imsHlhlc. The llrst triji I shall describe Is one I took u few months ago through Glppslaml, lu couquuiy wttii uu old friend, an Hngtlsh sea-captnJn. We sturteil fmin MetbouriM? at- 7.50 u.iiu ami within an hour were passing tliroogh imfamillar. varied iual interest ing country. At Berwick there wus a sense of comfort and plenty lu the well-cultivated piuldocks azul herds of lazy-looking cattle, that scarcely deigned to heed the shriek of the ad vancing train; but, u few miles on, the jwitehcH of cultivation became farther ami fartliur ni«irt, ami, except in tlio close vicinity of Uie railway stations, there are only ocaskmal Immestemls. At tiunyip one catches a glimpse of the Koo-wec-rup Swamp, through the dis mal thicket of H-tree. Then tho country for miles is covered with majestic forest. irw«, stri!tcldng their protecting branches of dull green over a dense umlergrowtli of ferns, with tiieir graceful, feathery fronds; grass fnsjs of ever>' height, ami creepers with brliliiuii clusters of purple and white and y<?Uow; and tliesu? again wtmltur an infinite variety of smaller plants iuid flowers, that might tempt a botanist to go no fnrtimr. At Warragnl a feeling of sadness en?ens over one, and an on- defliUHl consciousness of the Inuvitalilc change called Death. A few miles Imek, forest giants, t.he growth of «?u- tui'les, siood iu silent grandeur, protect ing the children of each season. Here, the trees have Ik-cu riuged, uo<l stand the ghosts of a imsl; their bleached nnd naked limbs coiijuriug up ail sorts of weird, fantastic Tonus. Again we culera living forest, and at Yarragou are on the borders of tho Moo Swamp. After passing Trafal gar we get a fine view of Mounts Baw Huw, Mueller, and Kriwi, and twenty minutes later wu have reached Moe, the first stage of our journey. After lunch I set about finding lioi-sos, for i my state thai on my holiday trips I take my saddle with roe, as I gene rally find It cheaper and more con venient to buy a horse as soon as my route leaves the railway line, and sell It again at the hist stage. . I con thus turn off the. coach road when I will,, linger at places of interest to me, and start whenever it sultsuue without wait ing for mail days, etc. I was not long In scouring a sturdy little mare, with a long, swinging trot, which I tlnd the easiest puce for rough country riding duy after day. 1 gave L4 for her, and sold iter some days later for L'J 15s. My companion, being a heavier rouu. wns not cosily suited, but we were told that a few miles ou the road to 'Willow Grove a farmer hiul the very mount wu wanted. We had arranged to go from Moe to Wulhullu by conchfbut, as 'we hud left ourselves a murglu of a couple of days, we, decided to stay at >Y!llow Grove that night, and visit the Tairjll gold-Holds. Mr Williams, the proprietor of tlio Willow Grove Hotel, was lu Moe, so we drove out with him, uud for one night iKUiook of hiS' hospitality and good cheer. The next morning we rode across to tiie old TanJU township, catching some glimpses of pretty river scenery en route. A track has )k?cii cut by the Mines Deimrlincnt from this point to Mt. Buw Baw, about twenty miles distant, from which may lie ob tained a magnificent view of the Gippslaiul Lukes ami plalus, as well as the densely-wooded aita of South Glp|w- Inad, along the Caligneo and Strezleciti rxuigos. We. visited a number of raining claims, and enjoyed a good meal of wilt beef, potatoes, and hilly tea lu a friend's hut. i and got Kick to Willow Grove nliout 2 p.m. Aftftr a rent ; we were again in the saddle. The captain was anxious to see tiie Morwell Colliery, as he hud l>eeu In terested In' the - manufacture of bri quettes hi Oermniiy, so we rode along the lntrdhe VaUey, through' the rich alluvial llatH.of the- Moe &wiliup;, and arrivwl at the Morwell Company's mine; on the northern hank of the Ln- tiobe. My compaiiion was'.Ktirprlse<l nnd delighted nt the.eiiormouB extent of the eottl deposit optjaed up by the company. The face of solid fuel, nearly lOflft. in thickness, was Indng quarried out. Tlio manager was most cour teous, <uid explalm?d tlmt the hriquettes were formed by prcsstirt only, without: any binding material being used; that a plant cu|Hible of turning out 100 tons per day hud been erected— the preseut output being 50 tons per day, and tluit; over 1000 tons imd already txmn put on the' market and commanded a price of 17s tkl per ton. lktween tho eoitierj- and the township wu passed the sites of several liores put dowu by the Milling Department, in which couI- IkhIk of 27(lfl. ill thickness had Ihh>u pierced at different levels down lo lOOUfL, making altogether uu aggregate thickness of over 700ft. of solid fuel available for future supplies. Well might my friend, the Government Geologist, describe these deiMislts us plienomenal. At Mo!-- well we miidu a hurried visit to ihe )H»tlcries. when; valuable clays associ ated with he brown eonl Is'ds an! Imlug faln'ieatisl Into various lletile products. Next day we ag!ilu crossed the Jki- trolu? Valley, and, following a hauling spur up to th(! Moondara Plateau, soon emerged from the forest on to the niatn road from Moe to Wnlimllu, We pnsswi si»vcral localities wliero mining opera tions arc being rarrlinl on to teat Uie deep suh-lmsallic leads of the district. A rapid descent hrouglit us to tho old copper mine ou the eastern side of tiie Thomson River, Jupt opposite tho Junc tion of Cooper's Creek, utioiit live (5) miles from Waltnilia. The captain here remarked thai tin? ore at the place could readily 1m> smelted by tiie Mor well briquettes, and afford a good opK>r. timity fovthe-prufltaMi- faxM-Htmect of capital Inaobort ttaie we weyonn tbe descent to Wallialla, along a sideling cutting, which winds Id xlg-cag fashion down the valley. It was evening, and the numerous tights from the dwellings on tiie hllt-shlcs leat a charm to tiie vtews, long iKiforo our ears were greeted with the roar of the stamp- beads from the Long Tunnel battery. Lying in a deep gorge, between steep ranges, tbe township resembles a Swiss village, aud its mtiunil beauty is eveU' enhanced by tbe various tramways, which bring timber to the mines from tiie adjacent hills, ami by the flumes of Uie rout. One brag, narrow street con stitutes the priDrtpal tlroroughfare of tho township. We Inspected the com plete mining plant of the "Long Tunnel," which, a(.cordlag to the able and venerable miucigvr (Mr Rainsay Tiionison), h?LS yielded over one and a baif millions of mouey to its fortunate shareholders. Willi njgrel tlmt onr stay coold not Ik? prolonged, wo made :uj curly start next mondng for Mt. IsK>kout, nud, rising rapidly from the valley by a sideling cutting, wc bad a splendid view of the eastern slopt»s of l iu? Baw Baw, ou the west, and of the Great Dividing Rouge uud Mt. Useful away to the nortlwxist. A few bourn' smart riding hnxjght us to tiie summit of the rauge dlvldlug the Atierfeldy uud Thomson rivers, and known as Mt. Look out, where a flue hotel and store has is-en erected by u» cnter|>risitig trmlrs- man. We refros)tf?d ouraelves mid our steeds, and eujuytsl tbe ridi? dowu into the Thomson Valley, and Uie exquisite view of mountain scenery, changing at every stcsp, both in form iuid color, as tire hjizy purple of the afternoon g;tve plaet? to tire glorious lints of sunset, and the sound of the rushing of the clwir, siRirkling waters of the Jordan, ami the evening notes of the 'luwh" completrsl tho harmony. Numerous terrace work ings along tire valley gave Indications of past mining activity and of future roof discoveries in the iujjoccnt ridges. Just at twilight: we sighted the .Ionian Hotel, and were ready for tbe substan tial m(!Hl iuid eumfortuble beds that a waited us. At daylight we were again In our saddles, and Iregau the nscent of the Dividing fbtnge to Mullock, pirsslng en route some of thu mines whicli I have already described in my former articles. At: Matlock, on tin? summit of tbe Divid ing Range, a glorious panorama lay Imj- fore ns, thu uiren tier of mountitin nuiges to Uie south-east, nortb-east, aud west. At Matlock tliu tracks divide, one going westerly along the Dividing linage the heaths of tin? Ynrrn, and known as the ' Yiirra track, and tiie other dowu to Wood's Point. A brisk eanlor down the spurn soon brought iut to the township, 2000ft. below Matlock, wlrfeh, like Walhallu, Is situated In a deep trough, Iretwuen high rouges, with tiie houses jrerehetl on the hill-sidea Having still a few Jionrs to KjKire l>e- foro night, wo visited tho "Morabig StaF' ami "Little Comet' mitu«, ami noted the character of thu dykes and of tho reefs which Intersect them, from which rich yields of gold have boon ob. tnlned. At Jatuf(!son we sold our horses, jind look the couch to Maitslicid. We crossed tire Hoqua flJid Dutatite rivers, with their uliarming mountain uud valley scenery. As wo approached Mansfield the country became more open und park-tike. From Mausfleld magnlfi. cent vioNvs are obtained of the-surround- iug mountains, bold, abrupt headlands, and terraced hills. Close by, to tire cast, tho "Battery" rises from tlio plains, the "Haystack" uud Blue Ranges llo to the north, am! to the west: a saddle-hacked emlucncc, u|»on which is situated two peaks, locally called tho "Paps," constitute n strik ing feature, white to thu west rise Ml. Wnrrumbul, with the winter's snow still lingering In the deeply eroded ravines; and Mt. Buller, with lis more majestic proportions, bold, ragged, uud HIIOW-CUpfMMl. l-'rom Mansfield we travelled by train to Melbourne, passing through Bonnie Doon, Melton, Molesworth. and Yon, ull pleasaiHIy-Kltuuteir . townships. The undulating, rolling dowas, which characterise tire scenery around Doou, afford a striking enmtrast . with .tire rugged outlines of the dislnnt Slrat.h- liogie Ranges. Between Yea aiHl Talhi- rook Uie railway line winds in sinuous conrae along the valley or- Uie Goal-' bum. After eight very enjoyable 'days, wo arrived ut 10.52 p.m. oit the Melbourne platform. The trip cost mo less thau i-S:— Faro to Moe, 10s »d; tllffereiice Ire- tw<h?n puruluiS4! and sjiIo of horse, LI 5s; conch from Mansfield to Jamleson, 7s (id; fare from Mansfield to Mcllreuruc, 15s 7d; hotel expenses, in- eluding horse feed, L5. TotaJ, L7 18« lOd. 