THE DAY OF REST. THE PURIFYING POWER OF FAITH. tBy Rev. F. B. MEYER, B.A.I And when there bad been much disputing, Peter rose up and said unto them: MOD and brethren, ye know how, chat a good while ago God made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth shoal i hear the word of the Goanel and believe. And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witnfess, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as He did unto us, and put no difference between us and them,. purifying their hearts by faith.—Acts xv. 7-9. We have certain processes here indicated. First, the hearing of the word of the Gospel, which leads, in the second place, to believing; then, thirdly, the giving of the witness of the Holy Ghost to the believing heart; and, in the fourth place, the cleansing of the heart through faith. First, we hear; then we believe; then we have God's witness to tbe reality of our faith; and then fourthly, that faith leads to purity of heart, Now, this was Peter's description of tbe Gentiles. We might verify it by turning to his first epistle. In the fourth chapter, at the third verse, he says:—" The time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasoiviousness, lusts, excess-.of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries, wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to tbe same excess of riot, speaking evil of you." The word " lasciviousness" ther.e indicates the disposition of man towards impurity, whilst " lusts" and the like refer probably to the outbreak of these evil dispositions in tbe manifestation of act. I am pretty sure that I am speaking to some who are extremely anxious to know God's secret of the cleansed heart. I want you to understand that what is impossible to you and me, by our own natural resolution, will come to us just as soon as we learn God's way of faith—"purifying their beartp by faith." You will never get the cleansed heart until you learn the meaning of faith, in con' nection not only with justification, but in connection with sanctification. "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God." We all desire to have the white flower of a blameless, stainless life; and this, as I sav, can only come in proportion as we exercise faith. Now, .will you turn for a moment, to Hebrews, 11th chapter, 1st verse, and see what faith is? We have there a double definition given of it. First, it is tbe assurance of, and giveB substance to, things hoped for. It brings the future into our life. Secondly, it is the evidence of things not seen. It makes the future and the unseen real. Faith, therefore, has the marvellous power of lifting us out of the present and the seen into the presence of the future and the unseen. And in doing- this it purifies, it cleanses the heart; for, as you know, what is perpetually dragging us down is the present.and the seen, the power of materialism, and the ATTRACTION OF THE SENSES? of ouri physical nature. If we could only live in the spiritual, in the intransient, in the imperishable, in the eternal world, do you not see how, as that streamed into our inner life, we should find it impossible to be brought beneath the tyranny of what is lustful, and passionate, and worldly? Oh, that day by day we could live in the midst of this world as those whose' bodies, indeed, are here, but whose spirits are perpetually bathed in tbe unseen and eternal. But Faith does more than make the unseen and immortal real to us. Faith, my brothers, as the Word of God gives it to us, is not simply the acceptance of certain propositions; it is the personal adherence to the living Christ. If you turn for a moment to the Epistle to the Romans you,will find one of the deepest explanations in the Bible of how faith cleanses the heart. It is in chapter v. verse 16, "For if, when we were enemies,- we were reconciled to God by the death of His Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by His life." That is a word which lives with me. I am saved, by faith, in His death, from the guilt of sin; but I am also saved, by His life, from- tbe power of sin. If we desire, as we do, to be cleansed from indwelling sin, from desire after sin, so that we shall desire what is good as much as we now,desire what is evil, it will only be in proportion as the life of the glorified Jesus is perpetually flowing into our nature by the portal of faith. "Saved by His life"—that is. saved by the life ^>f Jesus streaming out of Jesus into our hearts. Now, I want you to understand that our union by faith with our risen and glorified Lord is not the relation of a child to its mother, but the relation of tbe limb to the body, and of the branch to the tree. In early infancy the little child clings to, its mother, feeding at her breast, being dandled upon her knee, and not able to stir a step apart from her. But, as the years go on, the child becomes able to walk alone, to run by itself, and it raos further and further afield, until the little organism that depended £or every throb of life upon its close connection with and contiguity to its mother is now able to travel to the Antipodes in. perfect independence. That, my friends, is not the true type of our relation to the Lord Jesus Christ. But, on the other hand, take a graft and splice it into a stalk of a wild apple tree. The connection at first between the new graft and the old trunk may be a very slight one; but, in contrast to the connection of the child with its mother, every hour, every week, every month that the two remain in contiguity, they become more closely connected, and instead of the graft attaining to an independent life it is always more dependent, and the life which is in the tree is always passing up into the graft and identifying that graft more closely with itselfj so that it is one plant. That is the true conception of our union with Jesus Christ. We were taken out of aomewild graft. Opposed to the {usual idea of grafting, we were taken out of a wild'graft, and were put into the living Christ, into, as it were, the wounds of Christ. We were grafted into His wounds, in His pasaion and death; and now the .life of tbe glorified and unseen Jesus is perpetually pouring into our heart; and, as it does so, it changes entirely our disposition and our yearnings, so that instead of the lasciviousness which used to desire sin, we have the parity of heart which shrinks from sin as we would from an ill odour coming up from some grating over which we are passing in the street. You may think that that is impossible. You perhaps feel the tendency of your nature so strong towards impurity now that it is almost inconceivable for you to suppose that a time will ever come in your life when you will loathe the thought of it. But this shall be to you. Altogether contrary to nature and to disposition and to probability, this shall come to you, that you shall as much hate impurity, and the very thought of it as you are now attracted to it. That which seems to you to be an utter impossibility shall come to you; that you shall live in the midst of men as though clothed in a garment of fire, through which impure thoughts will not be able to enter into your nature. And this can come to-day to you, if you will learn tbe meaning of my text, that the heart is cleansed by faith, because faith unites the heart to Christ, whose holiness begins to stream into the soul and ppssess it, and io garrison it against the power of evil. George Fox said that he once had a dream, and that he saw a sea of ink, black and forbidding, but that presently, the morning broke on the far horizon, and he saw beyond a sea of light that swept into the sea of ink and swept it away for ever. Now, that is the tide of the life of Jesus Christ coming into the hearts that are represented before me, and which from this day shall become cleansed by faith. The most impossible of all Is that I e'er from sin should cease. Yet> shall it be? I know it shall; Jesu-s, I look to Thy faithfulness; Since nothing is too hard for Thee' All things are possible to ma Let me ask you, before I pass on, Is this the relation of your soul to Jesus, the whole nature open to Him by faith, receiving His life moment by(moment from Qim into your heart? Y>u tell me that that has been your attitude for some time, but that, in point of fact you do not find that it produces the cleansed heart that you have bean accustomed to hope for? Here you will allow me to introduce to yon a book which this week I have been reading again. It is a book that I would commend to you all, the "Confessions of Augustine." St. Augustine, whose face you are familiar with in the well- known painting that depicts his mother and himself sitting side by side, with upturned faces towards the great light, was in his earlier life one of the most polluted of men. There was no conceivable sin in his native town into whicb Augustine did not plunge with gusto; and ha became dyed, therefore, with the filth of the world of that time. He ultimately came into contaot with Christian teachers, and was convinced of the truth of Christianity; but he did not find deliverance; and, although he recognised Christ and even prayed to Christ, he was perpetually plunged back into the sea of which I have spoken. Finally, however, he discovered that his will was infirm, not sound, md that, in his heart of hearts, he was not eager to be delivered from the power of pollution; and there ensued a marvellous struggle, which was continued apparently over weeks and montha He was, on the one hand, longing to be holy and clean; but, on the other, not willing or able to pay the price of never doing again the things to which he had become so habituated. It seemed as if he could not bring himself to consider the possibility of living a life clear of those thoughts and those acts. He describes very minutely the steps by which he was led, and that is why the book is of such immense interest. He tells of the testimonies of certain men which came to him and told him how others were living, of his reflections on the evil that he was bringing into the lives of , those with whom he sinned, and of tbe prayers of bis mother. Ultimately, he goes into the garden of his friend Alypius, and there is a conflict. Shall he for ever break from these things? Shall he let them go? He throws himself upon the ground; he walks to and fro in agony. "Can I live free of these things which have so entirely laid their tenacious tentacles around me, like some octopus?" And then a voice is heard, as of sova k children playing, saying, " Tulle et lege"—Take and read. He thought it must mean that he was to • take up the copy of the Now Testament which was lying at his side, and he went to it, and took it up, and it opened at words whicb I should like to leave as my closing message to you. They are in the 13th chapter of Romans, the 18th veree—" Let us walk honestly, as in the day, not in revelling and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and jealousy; but put ye on the Lbrd Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh to fulfil the lusts thereof." Do not expect to sin. Do not think that it is necessary to prepare for sin. or for the indulgence of passion. "Make no provision tor the flesh to fulfil the lusts thereof." And he closed the book, and said—"From to-day I absolutely divest myself of all thought of ever again yielding to that which bas been my bane; and from this moment I do assume and put on the Lord Jesus Christ in all His purity and holiness, to be the mantle of my soul." Think of Jesus Christ being brought into everything. Augustine told Aiypius, his friend, who was deeply moved by the recital; and then the two went to Monica, Augustine'a mother, who had been long praying for this, and Augustine says that from' that time in all his waking moments he had never again the least temptation towards the sins whicb had so hurt and cursed him. He says that, afterwards, in hia dreams, the images of tbe past came back to him; but from this also be sought perfect deliverance, and realized that in bis very dreams his thoughts ran in a pure channel. This was the man who became, as you know, not only a most holy saint, but tbe founder of tbe Church in Hippo, and the Bishop of that region of Asia Minor, and exercised a wide infiiienoe. . _ Now I have told yon that story, and I do not at all see why here and now there should not be a faith which is the offspring of a firm purpose. You cannot utterly believe until you have utterly surrendered. There, must be an entire willingness to be saved before you can trust for entire salvation. If you do not find Jesus saving you, it is because you do not trust him fully; and if yon do not trust Him fully it is because you are not entirely willing to be saved. Understand that. It comes back to that. It is of no use laying the blame on Christ. The blame is on your own infirm will. You are not prepared to be delivered from evil thoughts in which you have indulged. You are not prepared to lose all £aste for the stories and books which you have lightly looked upon. You may have been thinking up till now that you can be a "Christian, and still, now and again, indulge in things which you would be ashamed to have spoken of before the world of men. But there must come a time in your life when, once and for ever, you stand before God and declare your desire through and through to be cleansed at any cost to the flesh. Directly you do that, yon will find that a mighty faith will spring up, which can take in the whole of the risen Christ; and, as soon as that comes to your life, the Lord Jesus Christ will cleanse your heart through faith. Oh, may. God explain this great mystery to you; justified by faith, cleansed by faith, sealed through faith, and receiving from God all His best gifts through a faith which is based on consecration. 