THE DEAD LINE IN THE MINISTRY. By Theodore L. Cuyler, D.D. Several years ago a grim spectre— from certain latitudes down East — made its appearance, bearing on its brassy brow the inscription, ' The ministerial dead-line of fifty 1' It set some feeble knees to shaking, and it raiBea a panic among tne supply committees of vacant pulpits and pastorless flocks. As this ill-favoured creature is still roaming abroad, like its paternal ancestor ' seeking whom it may devour,' it may be well to challenge it with one or two pertinent questions. First of all, Why that word 'minis- terial?' We do not remember to have heard of a legal, or medical; or political, or commercial dead line. These seoular -callings seemed to have esoaped the affliction entirely, or have it bo mildly as not to awaken any commiseration. In all these pursuits ' long experience' add wide observation are a positive advantage. Where there is a baffling case of disease, people are very, .apt to send' for the old doctor who is familiar with about every disease that flesh is heir to. In an important law suit, the clients muBts needs call in some veteran who carries in his head the decisions of a hundred courts. . When France invaded Germany twenty-five years ago, three old heads were put together— Emperor William, Bismark, and Yon Molte — and the invaders were Bwept like ohaff from a threshing floor. The most extraordinary statesman now living, performed nearly all hiB most marvellous feats in Parliament and on the hustings, after he. had passed the line of three score. John Quincy Adams became the terror of all his foes on the floor of Congress after he began to be known as 'the old man eloquent.' In regard to the legal, medical, literary, political, or mercantile pursuits, uo one seems to have ever discovered this ghost of a 'dead-line' lurking behind the fiftieth - milestone on the journey of life. The one profession that is invaded by this spectre is the Christian ministry. If you inquire of the believers in this new fangled theory, they will probably tell you that the nervous system ot ministers is apt to show some signs of exhaustion at the age of fifty or thereabouts. According to this materialistic view, the real power of an ambassador of Jesus Christ does not lie in Biblical knowledge, or a sanctified heart and holy character, or the indwelling of the Divine Spirit ; his power lies chiefly in the nerves and in the cells of the brain. The theory is that these physical (or animal) forces reach their maximum at about fifty, and then their unhappy possessor strikes the ' dead- line.' He haB reached his meridian, and henceforth his sun is on the decline ! Churches inoculated with this pestilent idea . conclude that it is 'extra hazardous ' to call any minister to their pulpit, if his family record shows that he has beeen in this world as long as most men have when they are elected to the governor's chair of a commonwealth, or to | the Presidency of [the United States. Jockeys examine the teeth of a horse before making a purchase ; and the ministry of the Lord Jesus are often subjected to a similar process. A Christian minister is to be estimated, like a horse, by the fire in his nerves, and the amount of ' go '* in his physioal temperament. If he cannot '?thrill' his auditors as he once did, if he is not equal to making new departures to ' ' suit the times,' if he cannot attract auditors. by fresh noveltieF, then according to these theologico physiologists he has passed the dead-liner and like a basket of unmarketable eggs, he has survived his usefulness. What chance would ' PAUL THE AGED ' stand with some modern supply commit teesj or with deputations who go out foraging for candidates '? It the ministry is tbe one profession to be subjected to this new statute of limitations, Why put, the mark at the age of fifty ? As a simple matter of fact, this idea is perfectly,, preposterous, as numberless cases will certify. We need not go back to such illustrious examples aB Thomas Chalmers leading the exodus of the Free Church of Scotland at sixty-three, and John Wesley still holding the helm of Methodism at j eighty-seven. Let ub look around to seel the men who are at the front to day. By common consent there iB no clergyman on this continent who by ;he combination 01 varied scholarship, lofty character, and brilliant oratory is quite the peer of Dr. Richard S. Storrs; yet all his finest achievements of pulpit, platform, or the presB, have been wrought between the ages of fifty and seventy-five ! The prince of British preachers, Dr. Alex ander Maclaren, has lately passed his seventieth birthday ; and my beloved old friend, Dr. Newman Hall, at four, score, has just completed one of the most fruitful years of hiB Heaven — blessed labours. We need not waste time or space by calling the roll of the men who. are shepherding the largest flocks, or pro ducing the richeBt discourses, or carrying the greatest weight in all ecclesiastical assemblies ; they are chiefly the men whose mental and spiritual fibre has been com pacted by at least half a century of ex perience in tbe conflicts of life. The obstacles which a faithful and truly evangelical ministry have to encounter in these days of increasing materialism are becoming more and more formidable. If, in addition to these obstacles, there is to be an arbitrary statue of limitations which demands that, as soon as a minister has been enriched and ripened by experience and practice, he shall be regarded as ineligible to a call to a vacant pulpit, then no man of common sense or self-respect will enter the ministry. What a cruel injustice it is to the manj and what a dis honour it is to his divine Master, when a capable and godly-minded minister lis practically shelved by this preposterous time limit 1 We could give many a pathetic example of most excellent preachers and pastors, whose names have been 'blackballed' by pastorlesB churches simply because some grey hairs were visible on their honoured heads. These same churches which reject ripe experience were quite ready to entrust all their momentous spiritual inter^ts to some raw youth just out of theological seminary ! The supply of earnest, devoted, holy, Spirit-endowed preachers does not now keep pace with the demand in our vast country. And in the name of the Master let His churches Btamp out .this abominable idea that any vigorous and consecrated winner of souls shall be 'tabooed' on account of his age. There is enough FAMINE OF GENUINE GOSPEL. now to make angels weep ; and the beBt and brightest young men ought to have every possible|encouragement to enter upon a work that any archangel might covet. All that we have been saying in this article against an arbitrary time limit is solemn truth ; and yet we admit that there iB a melancholy 'dead-line in the ministry,' which does not depend upon the nerves or on chronological tables. It is often reached before fifty. It is reaobed when a minister ceases to study and to think — when the curse of indolence makes his sermons as barren as the east wind. Manifuld are the pitiful devices resorted to in order to hide the rags of his poverty. Sometimes old sermons— that were born old— are con cealed under new; texts; sometimes sensational topics are eagerly sought and presented, with more reliance on the newspaper than on God's word or the ' power from on high.' It would by a mercy if such a sluggard would demit the sacred office entirely. THE DEAD-LINE is ,also reached wheh a minister's faith in the divine inspiration and absolute infalli bility of his Bible is shaken — when he is hamstrung with. doubts, and his vision is so dazed that he looses sight even of the great head-lauds of Sinai:and Calvary., , He .may., be alive as an essayist — perhaps a brilliant essayist — but as' soul awakening, soul converting, soul edifying preacher he is a Samson shorn of his locks. It is a joyful and a glorious thing to be a live ambas sador of JeBus Christ. But it is the most pitible of all earthly conditions when a minister becomes dry-rotten at the heart, and hiB inner life is no longer hid with Christ in God. ' Grey hairs are upon him, yet he knoweth it now.' He has swung over the dead-line ; and nothing but timely repentance and the restoring grace of jGod and a new baptism of the Holy Spirit can ever deliver him from the body of that death ! — Herald and Presbyter. 