Police Protection. THE economy shown in the removal of the extra mounted constable who was stationed at Millicent up to two years ago has been, in the light of recent events, a very expensive one to residents, and should be made a sub- ject for agitation by district councils whose interests are concerned. The district extending as it does over Mil- licent, Tantanoola, Rendelsham, Fur- ner, and the localities of those towns, cannot reasonably be protected by the present force of one trooper, allot- ted to it, no doubt as a compliment by the authorities, and that statement is backed by the criminal records. The police authorities have now to their credit in Milllicent three late and unpunished acts of decided criminality. A burglary, reported in the town some time back, has never been placed to its authors, the breaking of the mill premises and the cheeky robbery of an iron safe and its contents has been yet brought home to no one in particular, and the burning of two haystacks and a quantity of valuable property remains among the undiscovered crimes of the district. Possibly the authorities still have in hand the active investigation of the two last named acts, and have at work special agencies of which the public knows nothing, but if they have not, this paper cheerfully dissents from the finding of the jury which investigated the last crime and decided that the Department had done its best in the matter. Crime to be punished effect- ually must be punished swiftly, but situated as this district is there seems a good probability that crime will not be punished at all. At present the whole local available force of one officer, who has had charge of this district for two years, has the care of somewhere about three thousand peo-. ple. His offices are as multitudinous as the Jubilee titles of an Australian Premier, and his duties carry him out of the town when he is not engaged as bailiff, or court official, or Truant Inspector of schools, or collector of agricultural statistics, or in one of a few other offices he is supposed to fill. One by one these duties have been thrown on local police by the Government, apparently under the impression that for years past the dis- trict has been fading away to its original state of primeval scrub, and that the arm of the law required light reading in the way of study of the differ- ent legal enactments bearing on his new offices in order to divert him in the monotonous solitude of the wilder- ness. As a fact the district has made more progress and kept a better hold on ground won in the past than has any other district in this part of the colony until now it is second in point of population and importance among South-Eastern towns. And the district itself is so situated that two officers, if it were not nearly so extensive, could barely carry out effic- iently the work that one is called to do. The nearest neighboring police officer is twenty-two miles distant, and occupies a solitary station, while the nearest place from which an extra officer can be spared is Mount Gambier —thirty miles distant, and completely out of communication of any sort on one day of the week. Extra work, therefore, falls heavily on the local station without any means of relief should the necessity arise, as it often does. The District Councils might them- selves overcome the difficulty by ap- plying for a foot-constable. In that case, however, the council controlling the town would be saddled with a large part of the cost of the extra pro- tection, while—so far as can be judged from the past—the result would be little better than the present state of things. The extra officer would be ;called on to carry out work that has been done by the mounted branch and the Government would hunt up some more duties to load on the already much officed policeman. Nor would a foot constable be so efficient a means of protection as a mounted man in a district which includes four centres lying over twenty miles apart. In the House last week it was stated that the police force had fallen too low to meet requirements, and would be ad- ded to without delay. While the Government is in its generous mood residents of the district would do well to bring the matter of additional pro- tection for themselves and their property prominently under the notice of authorities. DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTIONS.—The usual crop of objectors in connection with the district council elections is apparent this year, and attempts to over- turn elections are spoken of in two or three councils. So far, that of Mount Muirhead is the case in which the ob- jection has been most clearly defined. Clause 78 of the District Councils' Act provides that in case of an extraordinary vacancy in a council a supplementary election should be held to fill it. In Mount Muirhead Council a vacancy occurred by the resignation of Cr. Mc- Court late in the session, and on the ground that no special arrangements were made to fill Cr. McCourt's shoes the pro- posed appeal is based. Four councillors were elected, but none of them sit in place of Cr. McCourt, consequently the order of retirement from the council is disturbed since four members now hold office from the same date. The omis- sion however, if made, is a very unim- portant one in fact, although it may be grievous in law, for according to Clause 50 the lot could be drawn at next annual election among four councillors for two retirements. THE "TIMES."—This issue will be the last of the Millicent Times in its present form, or the proprietary hopes so at least. Next week will see an enlargement of the paper. The present columns will be one and a half inches longer—a change that will add forty-two inches of matter to the present size of the paper. Sixty four inches of additional reading matter will be provided in the shape of an inter- esting serial story over which the Times has secured publishing rights for this part of the colonies. The price of the paper will not l>e changed, and the pro- prietor hopes that subscribers will be satisfied with the alteration in size and the unaltered price. SALE OF POTATO LAND.—On Saturday, July 3rd. Messrs. Stuckey and McCourt offered 137 acres of potato land on be- half of Mr. James Speers. The kind was offered for eleven months, and the terms were:—For sums under £30, half cash and half in six months; for sums over £30, 10 % cash, 40 % in three months and balance in six months. The total sold was about 68 acres as below, and unsold lots were left open for fourteen days from date of sale. Seven acres brought 9s. an acre rent, 4½acres 10s., 4¼ acres 9s., 11¼ acres 7s., 8 acres 9s., 5 acres 6s. 6d., 11 acres 6s. 6d., 9 acres 6s. 6d., and 7½ acres 6s. 6d. Sixteen lots were offer- ed and nine lots disposed of. THE SALVATION ARMY.—The members of the Salvation Army in Millicent wel- comed Brigadier Glover and Staff-Ca- tain Spargo to Millicent on Thursday, July 8th. The Barracks was well filled by an enthusiastic gathering, and evi- dences of heartiness were visible all over it from beginning to end. Staff-Captain Spargo gave a sample of banjo playing and solo singing that satisfied everybody, and the Brigadier gave a bible reading. The meeting closed with good wishes to the visiting officers in their work. The officers left Millicent on Friday for Tantanoola, where they were booked for a meeting in the evening. THE TIGER ONCE AGAIN.—The Tantan- oola tiger, after a long vacation, has returned to business, this time in the neighborhood of Port McDonnell. Mr. Robert Carrison of that locality, last week reported the presence of a large, strange animal which had been prowling and roaring in the vicinity of Port MacDon- nell in a very determined fashion. The beast was seen by Mrs. Walter Carrison, and according to specifications was as large as a Newfoundland dog, was strip- ed, and had a tail like a cat. Later news was to the effect that the tiger had been roaming in the neighborhood of Tantan- oola on the lookout for old friends, but as most of the tiger enthusiasts of the district have left, his reception will not be very warm. And on this subject of the tiger it is curious that the faculty of sighting these queer phenomena appears to run in fam- ilies. One of the strongest former sup- porters of the Tantanoola animal was a trooper who saw the bunyip at Robe years ago, while among later tiger-seers is a family which had possession of a full flavored ghost at Port MacDonnell about seventeen years back. MILLICENT' PRESERVING COMPANY.— The Directors of the Millicent Preserving Company held their usual meeting on Monday, July 5th. An offer was re- ceived for rabbit skins, for those on hand and for two months ahead, but it was de- cided to ship the skins direct to London. The manager recommended a rise in the price of rabbits, and after some discus- sion it was decided that from and includ- ing July 3rd the price at the factory should be 3½d. a pair. It was resolved to hold the next meeting on July 14th to settle up for the first general meeting of shareholders, which will be held next Saturday, July 17th, at 7 p.m. in the West-room of the Institute. At the factory the supply still continues to increase and on Saturday last, July 3rd, over 2,000 tins of boiled rabbit were put up without straining the present staff. On July 5th 500 cases of meat were despatched from the railway station for shipment to Lon- don, and another 500 cases will be on hand this week awaiting the decision of a London firm to purchase. Two or three large parties of trappers have got to work during the past fortnight, and with the breeding season for vermin getting under way, the supply should increase still further for some months. The de- crease made in rabbits in those spots trapped over is already clearly ap- preciable, especially in the Woakwine Ranges. The foxes are blamed as the cause of much damage to rabbit trappers, and in one case on the Woakwine as many as seventy rabbits have been taken from traps in one night, by foxes, so it is said. SCHOOL BOARD OF ADVICE.—A meeting of the Millicent School Board of Advice was held on Saturday, July 3rd, when Messrs. S. Slater (chairman), P. Sutherland, D. Major and G. Willshire were present. The Minister of Educa- tion notified that the first Friday August had been set apart as Arbor Day for schools, and it was decided to ascer- tain number of trees required by the various schools. The Board decided that July 30th should be Arbor Day at Beachport school. Reports of repairs to various schools were received and it was decided that the chairman should fix an early date for the annual inspection by the Board. To CORRESPONDENTS.—T. H. Webb— Too long for the Times, and the price of gas, kerosene, and candles is of relatively small importance in this district. The duty of 3d. a gallon on kerosene is certainly an instance of Protection in one of its mad moments, but it is borrowed from Freetrade Britain, no doubt as a mark of loyalty. A DOUBTFUL HONOR.—The South- East, which already claims one famous and infamous bush murderer of the past, has now been loaded with the early tuition of Joshua Beard, the Streaky Bay murderer. His career in the South-East was not of the most virtuous order, but the Crown decided to give him a show for his life and left what was known of his past out of the trial. Joshua was, over 20 years ago, one of three brothers who lived at the White Hut, seventeen miles from Kingston, and was employed first as a stable-man for Mr. Handyside, and after as bullock-driver to Mr. J. Mc- Donald. Once Beard was charged at Kingston Police Court with shooting horses, and after his acquittal for want of evidence it was commonly rumored that he had disposed of the principal evidence by stooting a traveller who had seen him killing the horses. He left Kingston for Kangaroo Island, and there for Streaky Bay, at which place he was looked upon as a fairly bad lot. SULPHATE OF AMMONIA. — Elsewhere the S.A. Gas Company notifies that it is prepared to supply sulphate of a ammonia, which has been declared by the Director of the S.A. Botanic Gardens to be "one of the most powerful and beneficial of fertilizers." Where nitrogenous manures are necessary it can be used with the greatest advantage, since it is considered about the cheapest form of that class of fertilizer, and judiciously mixed with other substance is very convenient for use where the seed-drill is employed. THE ALBERT ELECTION.—The Court of Disputed Returns concluded its work on the appeal of Mr. G. Riddoch against the return of Mr. A. H. Peake for the District of Albert at the late election at about mid-day of last Saturday. Wit- nesses from the Holder Village Settle- ment were examined, and, so far as could be got out of the tangled condition of politics in that settlement it appeared that eight persons had voted wrongly, but it could not be discovered which way the maj- ority of these votes had gone. The only case in which a satisfactory explanation was forthcoming was that of Mrs. Wood, who, cross-examined by Mr. J. H. Symon for the appellant, admitted that she had voted for her absent husband and cast the vote for Mr. Riddoch. The evidence showed that the Returning- Officer had refused the witness, Mrs. Wood, an extra ballot paper till he knew that she had been told for whom to vote, and Mr. Peake, in his examination of the Returning-Officer, Mr. P. C. Brougham, elicited the fact that he had moved in a vote of thanks to Mr. Riddoch. Mr. Riddoch then withdrew his application to have the seat awarded to him, and asked that it should be merely declared vacant. The Court declared the election null and void, and decided that, though both can- didates were perfectly pure in the case, it had no power to pay costs from the Treasury, and therefore ruled that both sides should pay their own costs. Our Adelaide correspondent telegraphed a report of proceedings immediately on the closing of the Court, and stated that writs would be issued at once for the new election. Nominations will be received on July 21st and the election will be held on July 31st. THE AFTERMATH OF ELECTIONS.—The district council annual elections are gen- erally an inciting cause of festivities, and this year the custom was observed with due and ancient form. Speeches and bottles were prominent during the early part of the evening, and at a late hour the usual derelict was piloted on to the fence which serves him as a steering line for home. This year, however, the task of saving the country was kept going energetically till next day, and on Tuesday, when the morning stars and the benighted electors were singing together and getting very little melody out of the performance, a band of the latter paid one of the hotels a surprise visit. The front door of the hostelry had been left inadvertently un- locked, and the host, on retiring to his virtuous couch, had left a light burning in that room. The propensity of the "good fellow" to make himself abject- ionable without provocation got the better of the wanderers. They invaded the property, found their way into the dining-room, skirmished through the pantry, cracked jokes and crockery, toasted each other royally in liquids whose mildness staggered them, had an unauthorised but royal good time, and were so well satisfied that they forgot to leave their visiting cards. SOMETHING ABOUT DENTISTRY.—"The practice of Dentistry is a serious business. Grave problems affecting the health of his patients beset the conscientious dentist at every turn. Serious lessons have been caused, and even lives have been lost through the incompetence and ignorance of the would-be dentist failing to combat serious complications as they were present- ed. In such cases every second is precious, and when they do occur, as they will sometimes, the patient will be infinitely safer in the hands of a surgeon whose training has embraced a knowledge of the collateral sciences than he will be if he has subjected himself to the mercy of an untrained, unregistered, self-styled dentist. Mr. Shanasy, of Stawell, Victoria, has led dentistry in the district for the last five years. His fine work in dental mechanism and expert operations in dental surgery have earned for him an extensive practice and an honoured name among his numerous patients. It pays to go to W. T. S., whose skill as a surgeon has stood the test. * 