A PERILOUS POS1TEOK By MARY ALBERT, Author of ' The Luckiest Man in the World,' 'The Bride of a Day,' 'Brooke Finchley*s Daughter,' 'A Hidden Terror,' 'Delia's Story,' 'The Shelling of the Peas,' &a;, &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIIL— Sthance Tidings. Leigh Furrowes had been spending a gooc part of this eventful evening in pacing up and down the shrubbery with Emmie (her hand in his), but as he had by no means enjoyed enough of her Bociety he again came up to Oak Park that evening on pretence of having something to arrange with Martin, and once there Emmie and Leich sane duets together— with Mrs. Grey sitting by, of course — but that did not preclude a whispered word, a glance, or smile, Leigh and Emmie both feeling that these were the last hours they would spend together for a long while to come, for Sir, Bertram and Lady Lawford were daily expected home and when they arrived Emmie had determined at whatever cost to tell the truth and she knew that banishment from Leigh would be the re sult So the lovers made the most of their op portunities. From time to time Martin, whose entire approval and sympathy were freely given, be stowed some well-meant advice on the young pair. ' You two stick to each other and you'll be rewarded in the long run,' he would say sen tentiously. ' And you, Emmie, have courage enough to say ' I won't' to every other Builor and in time you can say ' I will' to Leigh. And I will see yon both married.*' On this particular evening Martin proposed a round game alter the music and it was nearly II o'clock before Leigh said good-night to Martin at the hall door. ' Why, what's up ?' inqnired the boy, as he noticed a group of the servants gathered on the carriage drive before the entrance. 'Mr. Olford has disappeared, sir,' replied the butler, detaching himself from his com panions and coming forward, 'and it iB feared that someone has attacked him as he was passing The Ruins. ' '-Why, what has happened, Turner?' asked Leigh eagerly. 'I'll go and help in the search.' 'Wo don't know exactly what has hap pened, sir,' replied Turner, but Mr. Olford arrived at the station to-night on his return home and as usua! started to walk across the park, but he has not come home and Mr. Reginald thinks Borne harm has haopened to him.' Emmie and Mrs. Grey had come out upon the Bteps to listen and the hearts of both ladies quailed. After the disappearance of the Vicar of Thorpeleigh and the attempt to carry off little Basil they were prepared for any other outrage. 'Are they searching tho Ruins?' enquired Leigh Furrowes. 'Oh, yes, sir. But there isn't a trace of anyone there. I have only just heard of it.' 'Did Mr. Olford come by the 9 o'clock express ?' was Leigh's next question. 'Yes, sir, as he usually does. The coach man met him and took his trunk and port manteau in tho pony-cart, Mr. Olford saying he should walk up, as usual. You see it 'is a half-hour's walk, good, and the night was fine, so no one was alarmed till it grew towards 10 o'clock. Mr. Reginald was dining out, but when it struck half- past 10 and Mr. Olford had not come in they sent round to let him know and he set off at once with two or three of the mec, carrying torches, and others followed.' ' I'm off to see if I can be of any U3e,' said Leigh. 'Mr. Olford may have fallen down in the park before he got to the Ruins.' ' I'll come with you, sir, if you'll allow me,' said Turner; 'and it will be as well to have the pony trap, we shall get over the ground quicker.' 'All right, Turner.' Martin would fain have taken Turner's place, but Leigh, Emmie, and Mrs. Grey alike nega tived it, so perforce the boy remained behind, and a thrill of uncomfortable excitement pre vailed amongst those who watched Turner and Leigh set out for the Ruina 'Shut up the house,' said Mrs. Grey ner vously to the footman j ' so many things have happened that there is no knowing what will occur next.' However fast the doors were barred it was yet impossible for anyone to sleep with the chance of hearing before morning that a neigh bor, going peacefully home across his own park, had been murdered. Midnight struck, but no tidings could be expected for another hour or two, and as sitting up could not do any good Mra. Grey lay down on the sofa in her dressing-room, while Martin and ,Emmie went to an upstairs sitting-room, and opening the window listened for every noise which might invade thestillness. 'If Mr. Olford is injured and found to have been robbed,' said Martin, 'I know who is the man I shall suspect— Jim Hills 1 He has not stayed on in the neighborhood for nothing. There was always something about that fellow which I distrusted.' 'And I always felt that there was some thing about him which I could tniBt, despite appearances,' rejoined Emmie softly. r'Oh, you girls have suoh soft hearts,' replied the boy, who by this time was nodding with fatigue and whose eyes closed almost as he spoke, bis head resting againBt a sofa cushion. Emmie let him rest, but she had no inclina tion to sleep, and many a loving thought went after Leigh in the silence of the fresh and dewy early morning. Lord Fitzreagh had called every day, and not contented with this had written to her also, besides persisting in sending her gifts, although she had plainly told him she could not accept them. ' What ! Refuse a few flowers or a little fruit, Miss Emmie,' he would argue; 'or a book, of which I beg your acceptance. All these are trifles, nor can I allow you to wound me bo deeply as to return them.' But Emmie felt that they were not) trifles, but the choicest of their kind, and the girl's heart was uneasy. About half-past 3 o'clock, while Martin slumbered heavily, hoi ear caught the distant Bound of an approaching vehicle. Was Leigh coming back with tidings? And were the tidings sad or reassuring ? She softly rose from her seat aud leaned from the window. Ah ! the wheels stopped for a moment, doubtless to turn in at the park gates. Very gently she closed the sash and glided away from the room down to the hall, where a lamp was burning. But the house was very still and doubtless the servants, tired with watohing, had gone to seek some rest. Emmie stood listening anxiously. Nor had eho long to wait before wheels crushed the gravel and then came to a standstill before the boll door. Then she slid back the bolt and opened to Leigh. Turner led the horse avay, while the young man came in eagerly. 'Is there newsT' cried Emmie. 'ftot muob. But it is plain that Mr. Olford had entered the Ruins, for I found his handkerchief lying beside a broken arch, half way across the inner court. Oh. Leigh ! has a thorough search been mode?' .. - 'As thorough as wo could make it till day light comes back,' answered he. ' Reginald, Olford in still there and a dozen more; but* ' they have been over tho whole of the place carefully three times, and eo have L ' I am going back there at sunrise, and only came in to let you hear the tidings. Darling, good night!' ' Good night !' she whispered back. Then, emboldened by the complete solitude, the beautiful, soft glimmer of dawn, and the proximity of her whom he loved bo well, he held her to his heart for a momont and kissed her fair cheek. In many trouble days wbioh followed Emmie felt warmed and cheered by the remembrance of that caress. A door hastily opened aroused the young pair from their brier joy. Eminio closed the house door on her lover and met Martin, blink ing with sleep, stumbling downstairs. 'Is this the way you serve a fellow f cried he irately. Emmie smiled. 'Well, it is,' said she, 'if you mean that I left you while I came to hear the news. Mr. Olford is not' found, but he has been traced into the midst of the Ruins ; Lee found his handkerchief there. Young Mr. Olford and a search party are in the Ruins now and Leigh will go back there at sunrise.' ' And I will go with him,' cried Martin. ' Mind you wake me up at 5 o'clock. I'll not undress, but just lie down again.' 'Do, my dear bojy'she said amiably, 'and I won't go to sleep till you are off.' Faithful to her promise she wakened him a little before 5 and watched him Bpeed over -the wet grass in the direction of the Rectory. There he found Leigh about to set off and very glad of his company. The birds awoke, twittering their morning song, an early-risen cottager was in his little garden among his trim vegetables, bordered by pink daisies. It was strange to think what their errand was in this deliriously fresh and quiet hour, namely, to search for a neighbor who had probably come to a violent end. 'If Mr. Olford has been murdered it is by that fellow Jim Hill, depend upon it !' re peated Martin. ' We are by no means sure of that, Martin, or even that he has been murdered. If he walked through the Ruins— you know how fond he is of them— to see the play of light and Bhade, he may have lost his footing, have struck his head against some stone, and be lying insensible. It is such a rambling place, with ! so many ups and downs, and the shadows of night are so confusing.' 'Still, I don't see how his body should not have been discovered if be is there,' replied Martin. And then he drove on in silence, nor did they resume their conversation till Martin called out — 'There they are! the Ruins, I mean. Where will you leave the trap?' 'Perhaps I had better drive round to the stables. I'll find you — go on.' ' Martin needed no second bidding. Ho met men looking utterly weary coming out of the broken gateway of the ruins as he went in. 'Have you found Mr. Olford?' asked the boy, running forward. The men dispiritedly Bbook their heads and Martin pursued his way among the crumbling walls and grass-grown mounds, where polished floors had formerly afforded footing to gay revellers. The sun touched the old turrets and played on the ivy ; the whole scene was one of peaceful beauty. Martin climbed on a low buttressed wall and sent a keen glance on all below him. But he perceived nothing that could by any chance be the body of a man. He had been told that ' Mr. Reginald' refused to leave the place but had sent in tbe others to have breaktast, but even he was not to be seen now ; and Martin was about to climb down when he saw a figure cross a more distant part of the Ruins, and at the sightthelad'sface flushed as he ejacu lated— 'It is that villain Hills. Ho is at the bottom of this, I feel certain.' And Martin scrambled to the ground bo hurriedly as to set several stones flying, and something else of which he hardly caught sight, but which went spinning along from one mound of earth to another till it struck a projecting buttress and fell far below. At the time he took no heed of this— what was there in so ordinary an incident to remember? That. on which he was intent was in verifying whether the man of whom he had caught sight of was indeed Jim Hills or only someone resembling him. He was in such haste that he stumbled more than onco ; then cleared a low wall to save time and again got view of Jim Hills. It cer tainly was the man and there was no doubt about it. Then Martin was suddenly pulled up in the chase and forgot everything else in his conoern at perceiving Reginald Olford sitting on the ground leaning against the wall, every tinge of color having died out of the young man's face. ' Are you hurt ?' cried Martin, hurrying up to him. Reginald passed his hand slowly over his forehead without answering. 'Did that fellow knock you down?' pur sued Martin, ablaze with indignation. 'No — no !' replied the young man feebly. ' What is it, then ? Let me do anything I can. I came over with Leigh Furrowes to help,' said the boy eagerly. ' How kind of you. Just stay with me for | a moment* will you ? Then we will walk up to the house together.' ' Certainly. How tired you must be. But do tell me— did you Bee Hills— the man, you know, who was lately our underkeeper ?' 'I'll tell you what I have seen,' ejaculated Reginald slowly. ' I have seen a dead man — alive !' Martin repressed an involuntary shudder. ' He has seen the ghost,' thought the boy. 'Then there is something in the story, though I have always laughed at it.' But it was no ghost of old Sir Godfrey that he had 6een. ' Shall I help you up ? I am stronger than you suppose ; let me givo you a hand,' urged Martin. 'Strong; of course you are,' returned the other with a faint smile. 'A fellow should be strong before he thinks about emigrating. Oh, Martin,' changing his tone, 'what can have happened to my poor father f ' And the young man's tone betrayed his poignaut anxiety. 'Has Jim Hills robbed him and left him somewhere insensible ?' rejoined Martin. 'Of course, if he would attempt to steal a child he would attempt to rob your father. Did he speak to you just now f 'No, it was I who said something to him — only one word; but it startled him consider ably. Heaven knows what he would not do. for be ib as reckless as a man can be.' _ 'Ah, I am or your opinion, too. Now, my sister Emmie always says she knows he is not bad at heart. But that is ridiculous. Can you walk now ? Come along.' 'That man Hills shall be arrested. I will force him to say what has become of my father or ho shall bear the consequences. Run on, please, and send that inspector to speak to me, or I cannot get along very welL I fell and hurt myself a nit.' 'When he saw the ghost,' decided Martin mentally, but he instantly did Reginald's bidding. The inspector hurried up, Martin standing aloof till be was wanted. 'Look here, inspector, I believe that that man Jim Hills knows something of what has befallen my father. He crossed the Ruins just now. In my haste to stop him I fell and he is gone. If you can overtake him and bring him to me I think that I can make him speak.' Very good, eir. He can't have got far. I and my men will find him if he is to be found,' And the police officer wasted no time in further word9. 'He shall speak or I will proclaim to all the world who he is !' muttered the young man as he limped along, bruised and feeble. ' What a shock the sight of him gave me, for I have thought him dead all this time. So the fellow did not kill himself after alL Oh, if he has injured my dear old father !' Here he broke off, overcome by his emotions. Leigh Furrowes, determined to search the Ruins anew, met him on the way. 'Do take half an hour's rest, Olford, you are quite knocked up,' said Leigh. 'You may be assured that I will not leave a cranny of the Ruins unexplored. Has the park been well looked over?' 'As well as we could do bo by night. Half a-dozen men are out now. This is very kind of you, Furrowes.' 'We'll keep together, Leigh,' said Martin as his friend went on into the Ruins. 'My belief is we shall discover Mr. Olford and that he won't be living. Jim Hills was there. I saw him and so did Reginald Olford. And, Leigh, I think Reginald saw the ghost. He as good as said so !' ' What, old Sir Godfrey's?' Martin nodded. Leigh looked graver still. 'I am afraid these ruins harbor men of queer character,' said he. 'Oh, Martin, we must be prepared for tho woret.' lie laid his hand on the boy's arm and they entered the Ruins in silence, ? ' It was here that I picked up the handker chief,' said Leigh, pointing to the spot. ' By force or otherwise Mr. Olford must have been as far as this part of the Ruins.' 'And it was from this point (I had got onto the wall) that I caught sight of Hills,' rejoined Martin. 'You are tai] enough to look over. Do you Bee anything below?' ''Nothing but a sort of battered tin case on a heap of stones.' ' I sent it there when I scrambled down,' said Martin. 'It would have given anyone an ugly knock had it come in one's way. But, come along, it is no good staring- at a thing which is of no use whatever.' ^ When he and Leigh had gone all over the place, climbing narrow stairways broken away aud risking their necks more than once, and had assured themselves that nohuman being was hidden there they passed by the tin case which Martin had dislodged from the wall and sent flying. The boy picked it up and turned it about. 'It's a handy little thincr,' remarked he, 'and only wants rubbing up.' 'Martin, you will certainly become an anti quarian. No, you are more likely to start sn Old Curiosity Shop, for your collection of rubbish increases at an alarming rate. But I dread «roiug in to Olford House, for had there been any tidings yet wo should have heard them.' He was right. There had been no tidings whatever of the owner of the Ruins. This new calamity wakened in keenest force the remembrance of that peaceful Sunday after noon when the Vicar of Thorpeleigh had so suddenly disappeared, nor had ever since been beard of. Where was his body lying?— murdered, doubtless, by some desperate villain. Aud where was the culprit ? Chapter XIV.— Mabgahets Discovert. The tidings of the disappearance of Mr. Olford reached Thorpeleigh Court almost as soon as the large household there was awake, but to Miss Thorpeleigh herself not a word was said, as her friend had enjoined the ser vant never to speak of any disquieting news before their mistress till her health was stronger. 'But if Mr. Olford is not found before noon,' said she, 'I must for her own sake acquaint Miss Thorpeleitrh with what has hap pened, for it is impossible that sho should con tinue to walk about the woods and grounds alone at nightfall unless this new mystery is eatisfactorily cleared up.' So not a word was suoken before the heiress. ! who, as her friend observed with satisfaction, ; looked brighter and bad more life in her face ; than she had worn for many a day. I After breakfast Margaret strolled out of the French window on to the lawn, calling her doprs round her, and Mra. Moriston, observing that she was not dressed for walking and had not even put on a hat, was in no fear that the ? girl would go iar enough from the house to j encounter any danger. And ao, while tho dogs | capered joyously about, Margaret walked ou | in the morning sunlight building pleasant cnstles in the air. She met the head gardener, Ash, who in quired her wishes about certain new plants she had ordered and all the while, though she ap peared to be listening to what he said, her thoughts had travelled far away to that pos sible future when Godfrey Byng should return, changed by time and hardship and tbe know ledge of her constancy, and they two would live a new life together. After her brief dialogue with the gardener she went on down a shady walk, the dogs frolicing before, but she had no intention of going on into the wood beyond, though the animals had dashed through the fence and were soon lost to view. She put her silver whistle to hor lips to recall the runaways who were uttering excited barks not far off, and who continued to bark notwithstanding her repeated signals, which heretofore they had always obeyed. Then Margaret forgot everything except probable danger to her pets from traps and she ran into the wood, calling their names im peratively. One of them, Dan, came leaping towards her across the tangled brushwood, but imme diately darted back to his companion, who remained out of sight barking sharply. ' He must bo caught in a trap,' exclaimed Margaret, hurrying in tho direction of the5 sound, and a moment or two took her within BTght of the digs, who, violently excited by some object huddled at the foot of a tree, now attempted to draw her to the spot. The next instant her ear caught a distinct moan. ' Merciful heaven ! It is a man !' she gasped and forced her trembling limbs to the side of the prostrate figure. The latter, bound and gagged as ho was, perceived her and uttered another moan. A shock of dreadful fear ran through her as she now took in the fact of the gag and the stout leathern thongs that effec tually strapped tho arms and limbs, rendering tho man helpless. In an instant she had knelt down and removed the gag, supporting mean time the 'head of this hapless fellow-being. 'Thank God!' he feebly ' uttered, upon which Margaret cried out as Bhe recognised her neighbor. 'Mr. Olford !' ' Can you manage to unstrap my feet *' said he gaspingly. ' I will try and I will get help.'. 'No, no. Don't leave me. The villains have left me my knife ; with that you can cut theBtraps.' Too deeply concerned to trouble him just now with ony questioning, Margaret found the knife, and after exercising all her strength cut through the thongs. ' An ! how can I thank you !' moaned the poor gentleman. 'Now, try to release my arms and I will attempt to walk to the house if you will lot me. Margaret's trembling fingers went to work again on the remaining fetters whioh bound the unfortunate Mr. Olford, and she had to dash the tears of pity from her eyes before she could complete her work of deliverance. Then she aided him to rise— no easy talk, for he wan stiff and chilled and the shook and mis i» he had endured had enfeebled him. ( Leaning, against a tree, bis hand testing on Margaret's ready arm, he essayed to walk. 'I will not ask you anything now. Only let me get you into the grounds— there we can have help,' said Bhe, her concern increasing. 'You came just in time,' he murmured. Then they moved slowly on, she leading him, he panting for breath and shivering. The dogs had merrily caught up the leather straps in obedience to Margaret's command to take them home and now ran forward, frisking and shaking the straps, thus attracting the notice of Ash, the gardener, who was planning certain alterations whioh Miss Thorpeleigh wished made. 'Whatever have you got there, Dan?' cried he as the animal dropped something at his feet ; racing off with it again, however, before he could see clearly what the dog had in its mouth. Then Dan's companion, Trap, raced up, comporting himself in the self-same manner, and by thie time Mr. Ash perceived a handkerchief fluttering as if to attract atten tion, and then he heard a cry. 'Why, that was Miss Thorpeleigh's voice, surely !' and he ran towards the signal made. Sure enough there was his young mistress, paler than he had ever before seen her, and by her sido was a gentleman Bitting on a bank. A second glance told him that it was the missing owner of The Ruins. ' Thank God, you're found, sir !' ejaculated the gardener. ' Can you help me— up to the house, Ash J' returned Mr. Olford. ' Bring the pony chair,' cried Margaret. 'Tell them to get coffee— brandy — aud send off a groom to let Mr. Reginald know.' ' Yes, ma'am. I will be back directly.' Ash was as good as his word. In another five minutes the cruelly maltreated gentleman was reposing on a couch in the library. One messenger was dispatched to his Bon — another to a doctor— while Margaret remained beaide him, entreating him, with tears in her eyes, to try to eat something. And when he had swallowed some coffee he discovered that he was ravenously hungry and devoured the chicken with much good will which Margaret offered him, after which he smiled languidly and said, more in his usual voice — '1 shall pull through now.' So that when tho medical mau, so hastily summoned, arrived he declared that rest aud complete quiet were all that was needed. ' Stay here then as long as ever it suits you, Mr. Oiford,' urged Margaret hospitably. ' 1 have already sent to Mr. Reginald.' 'My dear young lady, you are a marvel tof womankind,11 returned ''e, smiling. 'All this tirce you have not asked me how I came iuto the cruel plight from which you delivered me, so anxious have you been to house ;iud aid me. But it iB time 1 told my story. I suppose all the country side knew that 1 was lnissinp'r' 'All except Miss Thorpeleigh, sir,' replied the house steward, who was in attendance. 'Mrs. Moridton forbade us to inform liar of it.' ' And it was she who discovered me. How strange !': 'Ah, here she comes !' said Margaret, ' in time to hear what you have to teil aud to con gratulate you on your safety. Mrs. Moriston, here is Mr. Oiford.' 'My dear Mr. Olford !' exclaimed the elder lady, hastening to greet him, '1 was in ihe grounds looking for Miss Thorpeleigh and have but this moment heard that you were here. What can have happened to you * The whole neighborhood ;e in a ferment. Your son aud all your household, together witli uio=-t of tbe people at Wrexley, have been searching for you all night. The ntivs only reached us this morning.' 'My dear madaiue, Miss Thorpeleigh has outdone them ail, for it is sho wljp lias dis covered and delivered me.' j 'But where? And, again, what happened to you?' 'I was walkinp home by the Ruins (as I have betn accustomed to~d'j, but will never do again) when someone tripped me up from behind and I found myBelf helples3 in the j grasp of two men, who threatened to tike my i hie ll i made tho least bound, aud hurried me j forward into the midst of the Ruins, then to one of tho underground rooms. I could not struggle as my captors had put on handcuffs j and I was completely at their niercy.' 'You were robbed!' ejaculated Mrs.! Moriston. 'Indeed I was, notwithstanding my pre i caution of never carrying cither watch or money at night. My desire to' disabuse the villagers of a belief in old Kir Godfrey's ghost has cost me very dear.' ' But it you Lad no money with you or valu ables, Mr. Oiford V' interposed Margaret. - ' My dear young lady, the chief of tho { bandits who swooped down upou mo had ! planned everything as only an educated man! and also one well versed in the art of extorting i money could do. In the underground passage, i where a light mipht safely be struck without attracting attention, i was presented with a leaf from my cheque-book, filled in for the amount of ono thousand pounds. This I was j required to eign, or, in lieu of compliance, I was told to ex wet instantaneous death.' ' ADd you signed this cheque?' cried Mar garet, while her friend with uplifted hands and eyes inveighed against the robb--r. 'Idid-at length,' replied Mr. Olford. 'I suppose you bad no alternative?' en quired Margaret. ' At least ko I believed, my der.r, or I would not have signed away my thousand pounds. No doubt the cheque was converted into cash as soon as my London banker's house opened this morning. To secure this I was detained all night somewhere where I could not eee, for my eyes were kept -bandaged. I 'was, how ever, compelled to walk a good distance (as I judged between 3 and 5 o'clock) after which I was bundled into a cart and at length deposited, bound, aud gagged in the wood where you discovered aud released me.' ' Aud how long had you lain there ?' asked Margaret compassionately. 'Oh, to think that you were so near us and we not there to give you help ! But why do we waste time in talking? Ought we not to oommuuicute with the police?' ' No baste will save my thousand pounds I feel assured. Let me send a telegram to my bankers to ascertain if the cheque was cashed this morning?' 'By all means,' rejoined Margaret; 'I will writ-! it at your dictation.' 'Thank you very much, my dear. How much you have done for we already to-day. Write, then, a message to this effect— ' Was a cheque for a thousand pounds, signed by Ed mund Olford, payablo to one James Hills, cashed this morning?' There was a slight cry from Margaret's lips as the pen fell from her hand. ' Are you ill ? What is tho matter, my lear?' cried Mrs. Moriston. hastmiimr to her side. But the girl gave no answer and her death like pallor alarmed those around her. She felt, indeed, as if she had received her death-blow. Was that the meaning of Godfrey's refusal to take money from her? Had he intended all tbe time to obtain it in this terrible manner? ' Only spoak to us. Tell me if you are in pain. Oh t ehe ib fainting.' They laid her hastily on a couch, rang for her maid, and applied tbe usual restoratives, but it was a long time bsforo tbe unhappy girl reopened hor eyes,- and when at length she did so Bhe stared vacantly before her and uttered no word. 'This ifl truly alarming ! Fetch Dr. Church back again. We cannot move- her just yet. Marparet, dear ! do you know where, you are? Speak to me, I entreat you.' ' At this appeal from Mrs. Moriston she seemed slowly and without pain to regain her consciousness, for she .said tremulously — 'Yes, I know; lam at home. Let me be quite still for a little while.' 'You shall, dear; but try to take this spoonful of wine. It may revive you' She submitted, but pushed it away after a mere sip, closing her eyes as if exhausted. In the midst of this scene the butler, unaware that his young mistress had been seized with illness, announced 'Mr. Reginald Olford,' and the latter, with suppressed agitation, walked up to his father's Bide. ' Father,' he cried, ' are you unhurt ?' ' Oh, I am all right now, my boy. But I suppose yon have already heard of the uncom fortable experience I have passed through ?' ' Yes, father ; and the motive was robbery, of course f ' ' The villain made me sign a cheque for a thousand pounds.' ' 'Ah!' ' Yea, my boy— but perhaps Mrs. Moriston will allow us to talk in another room. Miss Thorpeleigh has had a Borb of fainting fit, owing, I am sure, to all Ehe has been doing for mo.' ' Please go into the small drawing-room, Mr. Olford, and I will gladly come to you pre sently,' said Mrs. Moriston. Then Margaret suddenly tried to sit up. 'Don't go awav,' she Baid faintly; 'I— I want to bear— all.' ' Another time, dear Margaret— not now,' urged Mrs. Moriston. 'No, now 1' Bhe repeated, with an eagerness as if life and death depended on what she might learn. 'We must not thwart her,' whispered her friend, 'so go on talking, please.' 'To whom were you compelled to make that cheque payable, father ?' asked Reginald, almost as eager to hear as poor Margaret her ! self. i ' To James Hills, ex-underkeeper at Oak Park. And here comes the reply to my tele | grain. Now we shall hear if the cheque was 1 cashed as soon as the hank was open,' ' Yes, oh, yea !'' added he^ tearing open the yellow envelope. ' Cheque cashed at five minutes past 10 !' Reginald had sprung to hie feet 'James Hills !' he exclaimed. 'Father, do you know who that man really is? I did not guess till thin morniug. It was just getting | light. I had been all night searching for you among the Ruins ? ' ' Well, my boy V ' Father, I Bav/ a man cross one of the grass grown courtyards. Martiu Lawtord wr.s with j mu ; he sa-.v him as clearly as 1 did ;iud recog nised him as his father's late keeper. But I — I re-cognised him for soa.-eone else.' 'What, you know who he is then?' ex claimed l:ie father. 'Yes, and under these circumstances I must speak out ; it seeins a duty. Reluctant as I am to diacloae another man's secret I cannot be silent now. Prepare yourself for a Kre-'t shock of surpriso ; a very great one.' ' Well, my boy, 1 must, bear it I suppose,' . rejoined Mr. Olford, whilt as to Margaret she : had bent forward, fixing her large eyes with . intense fervor oil Reginald Olford's face. i ' Who — who is he ?'' she asked in a voice which made them all shiver — there was such a tone of dread and despair in it. Then tbe young man was recalled to the fact that he ought uot to have permitted his feeling for bis father to have maiie him oblivious of another fact — the messago which this very man, Jaaiea Hills, alias Godfrey Byng, had once sent that never-to-be- forgotten June afternoon toMas-garct Thorpuleigh. The man iiad not committed suicide. He been playing thn role of oae, merely to excito compassion and get out of the way of his creditors. Cou.'d there be a doubt of it ? Reginald Olford was painfully silent as these reflections darted through his brain. '? Who 14 he? Who is he?' repeated Mar garet, t-o vehemently that no ono present couid avoid the conclusion that the answer was of vital moment to her. . ' i'erhaps I ought not to have said anything aboul it in your presence, ?-liaa Thorpeleigh, stammered the young man. 'On tho contrary, it i« I whom it concerns,' ehe said, half-rising, her color fluctuating rapidly, 'aud I insist ou knowing.' '' My dear boy,' interposed his father, 'why sliould not Miss Tjiorpeiuigh be acquainted with what she says it concern* her to know? Ljo not keep us all in su^ptu.-e.' ' Well, then,' enid Reginald, with evident reluctance, 'when 1 saw the man whom Martin Lawford recognised as James Hills I knew him at oncufor somebody else, who had moved iu a very different position in life and who was tho occasion of a g-eat deal of annoy ance and pain to mo whilst I was laid up in to ivu last June. He is the man who came to mn with a threat to commit suicide — I mean Mr. Godfrey Byug. The dead siit- nce which followed this an nouncement wjis even more an evidence of tho tnrill of surprise to which it gave rise than any outburst of words would have bee.n. Mr. Oiford was tho first to opeak and he he aaid slowly— ' Are you sure of this, Reggie?' ?'Oh, r.ijsolutely sure, father. There is no aouot. ijut wo cannot allow this man to pursue hia career unchecked or we may be an swerablo in a measure for his crimes. Jtlow do wo know what hand ho had in Mr. Lu ton's disapiwarnuee? Then he attempted to steal little Basil Lciuj. Now he half kills you with a shock and with outrageous treatment after wriujsiug from you, under a menace of instant death, so large a sum as a thousand pounds. Tti is effort has l-een successful, too, aud will emliolden him to plau and carry out his noxb nefarious design. For ho will not stop here— a_ man ofjiia stamp goes on in his carew of villainy. Father, it is your duty, your bounden duty, to take out a warrant for the apprehen sion of Godfrey Byng, alias Jim Halls, without delay. Ah the young man cpased his adjuration Margaret rose to her fet't, white as any spectre. 'A warrant !' sho exclaimed, with a strange sharp Jaugb and a harsh ring in her voice very unlike her ordinary sweet intonation; 'a warrant against Godfrey Byng. Aud I shall be called on as chief witness against him, for it was I who found you in the wood.' She caught at a screen which stood near whilo _ her tall form swayed unsteadily ; and then in ono moment sho fell unconscious at Reginald Olford's feet. {To be continued.) 