TOPICS OF THE WEEK. (By odb Mklbodhnk Cobbespobdeht.) Melbourne, Monday. the r.i.tt.areth street traoedv. No great crime of recent years in this colony has attracted and maintained such fenerel pnblic attention as that colloquially nown as the Elizabeth -Blreet murder. . The y oath of toe perpetrator of the fearful deed, the mad and miserable life which, according to his own confession, he had been leading long before he was in his teens, the respect and esteem in which the relatives of the murderer and his victim are held, combine to make toe melancholy occurrence one of the most painful in the criminal record. That there is a certain amonnt of exagger ated colooring in Phillips's highly dramatic story of the events and cireamBtaoces which he said led up to the commission of the crime seems to be apparent when the pon- feseion ia stndied calmly and critically. At first there was a general bnrst of sympathy for the lad, snd bad he then and there been placed on his trial, I venture to think no twelve men would have found him goilty of wilful mnrder. At toe moat, manslaughter under provocation would have been the ver dict, bnt the lapse of time has enabled people tie be gnided by toe mind rather thin the heart, and so tor as the authorities are con cerned at any rate, toe accused 'e story will be tested in every detail. Brady's friends and fellow employee utterly deny the state ment that the deoeased was very intimate and confidential with Phillips, and it is said that the latter was generally in the com pany of youths of his own sge and Inclina tions. Everyone knowe the class to which toeyoath belonged. Loudly -dressed, gay and Would-be dashing " mashers," whose one fixed belief ia that any girl they look "at most at once fall victim to their charms, and whose chief occupation in life ia to agle bar maids and emoke huge cheap crgsre.' Brady-, on the other hand, was a man who, though known to be a roue, never frequented hotels, and never went abont in the company of lads. Since hit arrests Phillips has been wearing a number of odd garments lent to him by a clerk in the Detective office while hie own were being exsmined 'by the Government Analyst Consequently, the onee perfectly dressed and natty yonng dnde presented a miserably seedy appearance when he ap peared before the City Court on Friday for the purpose of beiog again remanded. His ordinarily rounded cheeks were sunken and lined, his eyee looked wore and weary tell ing of sleepless nights, and his month twitched convulsively in the effort to main tain his composure. In cations contrast to the wretched appearance of his face and figure was the careful dressing of his . long fair hair, which he bad evidently broshra and combed carefully before leaviog toe gaol. The curl had gone ont cf It somewhat, bnt he had made np for this by brushing it np fantastically on eaoh side and in the centre, so thst he seemed to have an extraordinary high head. Much more disturbed than his eon was Mr. Phillips. eenr., a grey old man of abont fifty-five, who ebook ao orach daring the brief ceremony that he bad to grasp the back of toe solicitor's bench to control him self. I shall never forget the anguished, pleading look of his eyes as they fixed them selves immovably npon the child for wham no doubt he had hoped and prayed as fathers will, and who now was placed in the most awfnl position that human being can occupy. There were but few in toe court honee, the police exclndieg all save those .connected with the ease, bnt the few were glad when it was over, and the agonised father and rained son had left toe building, one to return to the sorrowing wife and mother, the other back to his gloomy and shELmefnl celL SPtBErCAUSM RAMPAKT. " Doomed for a certain term to walk the night," the spirit of Hamlet's father ao- nonnced to the melancholy Dane. It - has long been a cherished tradition that ghosts were not allowed to come from their abodes beyond the veil nntil the " witching hoar of nigbt, when graveyards yawn and hell itself breathes forth -contagion to the air." Like many other beloved notions, however, this idea is doomed to destruction, if we are to believe the long haired, loog- tongned, credu lous brigade of more or less simple spiritual ists. The advent of Dr. Peebles, the Yankee apostle of mysticism, has galvanised the Bictspy SpgUAIMBCn IIMU Jilt mill OB11QO again. Stances are threatened all over toe place, and new editions of " Ciaeie," ' Geordie" and the fair " Josephine" may be confidently, looked for. Also spint- photos (taken without toe flashlight pro cess) will be scattered broadcast, and there will be many and wondrous mesaagtB from the unseen world of great vagueness and general melessnees. Spiritualists do not depend opon the night for enmmoning the spirits from vastly deep or any other place. They can do it quite well in the day time, as was exemplified by a leading Government official the other day. He is an ardent churchman, in addition to bring a believer in Spiritualism, and he was observed by a crowd of langhing, irreverent clerks to be sitting in bis chair, a rapt expression on hie face, end his band generally muviog in toe air as if be were conducting an imaginary orchestra. When he recovered, he confided to e rnanwho managed topreeerve his gravity that . St. Baal had been with him, and had given him a heavenly sermon. "And was there any collection V queried toe sceptic, whereupon he was abruptly ordered by toe scandalised spiritualistic io return to hie work, at onee. PEBIPICinON required. Bicycle racing ia beginning to feel toe in fluence of the all-mas leri .g bookmaker, bnt so far to the tnrf belongs toe donbtf nl dia- unotionof bring the "crank est" tiling in existence. " Worse then a building So ciety," said an erstwhile Hamiltonian, a great lover of horse-racing, to me the other day .referring to toe morality, or want of it, of the furf. The action of the V.R.C. io regard to the Patricia cue, is generally ap plauded by the public, who fondly imagine that the paniehment meted ont tu the offender will prevent any occurrences .of the kind in the future. It is astonishing how little it takes with some things to restore confidence. - Keener observers and men who know what they are t Iking nbont, aver that the penally, in thB Patricia case was grossly inadequate. As a student of the Immortal -William quoted : "It will bnt skin, and film the nlcerons wound -whiles rank ourrnption, mining all within, infects nneeen." The state of affairs at the proprietary registered courses around toe metropulis is little abort of disgraceful. Go when and wixffe yon will, yon will al ways find the same crowd of owners, trainers, jockryv, rpielvri, confidence men. And the other rag sod bob-tail which " live on the game." Now -aod again, a pigeon can be found whose plucking is Accomplished -in artistic manner, bnt for the most pert the frequenters of these coaresssimply exchange a Certain amdnntof capital amougst them selves, less toe expenses incidental to toe : meeting- Very,- very few of the general public are to.be seen, rave on Batnrdaye, and even then the attendances sire gradually diminishing. The natural consequence is that toe sport is getting almost entirely into too hands- of . noscropnlous fellows, who ctnry torir methods even to Canlfield and Fleimqgton, end iho ' sport aof' kings " is dcoSmqg in si fashion moarnfol to lfrhold. . the gord bobbebsr, . 1 qmebTdy st aey rate was nut prepared to waitfor the drawing of toe A.N.A, "art anion," so as to get' 1000 ; gulden sovereigns for A shilling. He properly considered that s piro in iqeviana was worm any nnmoerin the JniSh.iodabeordipgly quietly ;and on- ostentttionsiy removed 5.000 lovely gilt 'one frdm-toe eu-cAUed elrung-i oomof the R. MS . Oceana. Fancy 209, OQQ eoveragns so . rare- iessly gnarded 'tomtVit jsras posrible Tor a thief snc toievee jhr g&,n, igloat prep 'too. treasue,¥nd tiirii ratryawAy amodest,;yrii enfficiehtportioti ofitl "A few months ¥go Ilmdthe privile iff examintog toe etroag . room'iif >G.: ;peesn"giiz 3mBmdaaaha,libwmj-iMjraiti jsifif toe 'precantionesvrire sneh 'Mtorender itAlmootinmoMUeforipovftonsipe : with the necessary keys in order to reach the strong-room. How eovions wilt he toe dlever gang of safe robbere who have lately been exploiting theenbiirhs. and have had to be content with a few paltry pounds. the bkjvole league meeting. The championship meeting of the Vic- toriao Wheelmen's Lesgoe was bronght off under most distressing conditions, and most of the wins didn't go to the best men. Rain fell, heavily, on both days and made the going on the grass track so slippery that not s single event wan ran without many and varied falls, most of which were fortunately onattended by serious results. There is great dissatisfaction with the League for insisting on having the championships con ducted on a grass track, which is slow enongh at any time, bnt "when inundated with water quite " impossible" for real racing purposes. Perhaps the beet event was the 25-mile championship, though the event was deprived of mnch of its attrac tiveness by the falls sustained by Par sons, Martin, Walne . and the French champion, Leans. The last-mentioned is n perfect specimen of an athlete, and unlike most cyclists, he ia beautifully proportioned. As a role, the racing men men to huge legs, which dwarf the rest cf his limbs, but Leioa is handsomely built, and pedals in a style which none of toe local champions can ap proach. Ports'e victory in toe twenty-five mile was a most popular one. The genial, good-natared Italian has endeared himself to the people by his invariable honest per formances, and' when he was invested with toe championship riband and b> dge there j was a burst of cheering from fifteen tbonnnd throats that could be heard miles away. The gronnd was rashed by the excited crowd, and - Porta, still Bested on his hike, was lifted on the shoulders cf half-a-dozeo stalwart fellows and carried to his dressing room amidst storms of applause. Plngger Bill wasn't envione, as toe Italian only gets a miserable fifteen oove. for hie hatd-fonght victory. 