Froan thle Unsel8 n ; ri. ": nice time of it you college dons have!'. I observed eiinionsly, looking round the oiLk-piielled room. 1 h];id conie up to siend ti day or'ti"vo 'withi Rintoul at Trinity. ,We had been chums since our. undergraduate days~ tand e: had: stayed on, first as Fellow and: Tntor of his college, and next as a uiniversity professor . . "'It's':: pleasant life enough," admit ted 1Rintoul. The dinner pairty he had given intmy honoi wais over., and the last guest had departed. Tle 'candles had burnt low in their sconces, and the corners:of the. room lay. in deep shadow. A weird Ja patnese idol was diemly visible ieside. a cnrven bookcase, over which hung ii ilmgnificent repousse brass shield. Rin toul had ilntiquarian tastes, and indulg ed them to t the uttermost.' The. em bers glimmered in in ancIeint Spanish brazier, and the andirons, of etuiously twisted steel, represented grotesque heaids, upheld by strangely contorted bodies. There was an eerie feeling about the place, and I was not sorry when Riutoul proposed that we should adjourn to his sanctum, which opened oiut of the larger room.. Here all was warmth and brightness; two easy chairs were pulled Up Close to the fire, and on a writing table be hind lay a lmass'of most disorderly pa pers, suggestive of Rintoul's morning laborS. . My friend installed me in the biggest chair, and drew up the spirit stand. He lit our pipes, and 'sat? a while in sociable silence. There was a nieditative look in Riitoul's eyes; he lay biack, watching the vortex rings of blue smoke vibrat ing upward one by one ere they disap peared in dim haze. "It is a groove, all the same,"lie re marked suddenly. I smiled. He 'had not lost 'his old lha bit of recurring to the last remnirk but ten. "Life here, I mean, li he continued. "No doubt we're very:high-minded and superior; bit we got: Into -;:'cut-and dried wnay of looking at things'; we want slinking 'iip withl a ' few city ient. to make us practical. .Shake up a mer chant with a professor of political eco nomy, for instance, and the result'will be "Excepting theirtnails, and the tips of their tails, Instead of two cats there weren't any !" I quoted with ailaugh.l "It: won't do, Rintoul; the gulf is .too wide; but you theorists cai help. us from afar, no doubt. I'm a practical man.'.' This trite conclusion I threw in to lial ance the 'judicious vagueness of my speech, which I dimly felt to be some what lacking in meaiiing.. But Ritoul iwas liot listeninii lihe .had apparently goine off oiloquite a dif ferent tack. "Do'ydu beleve in ghosts?"' was his next observation. I started. TiThe ques'ton chimed in unpleasantly with the creeping sensa tions whiheb I had experienced in the othier iooe.' 'No, I don't," 1 responded, with un necessary emphasis. "'That beastly .psychical has done no end of llarim in popularising spooks. Yout feel a cold shiver run down your back and see a shadow on the wall. and just at tflnt moment occiurs the death of the grand mothber of your next door neighbor. There's somlething so futile and sense less about it-like the grammar sein tences in Olleudorf." "Thalit kindi is irritating. ctertainly." assented Itiutroul gravely, "'but I don't see that you have unbounded belief in tany that you have tproved it to be any the less i spook. Perhaps you have an unbounded belief in coincidence?" "Oh. horher!" I said crossly. "I have not :Ia unbounnded belief in ianything; let's talk of somnething else; I was never good at argiuments, and-1 don't like ghosts." This was feeble: hut Rintoul spared me. and we did not pursue the subject. Hie sceemed thoulghtful, and gazed ab stralctedly into the fire. I leaned lack luxuriously. andmiring one or two r1are etchings that lhunlg over the itanLite: Rilltoul was aL (onnoisseur in such. Suddenly my eye fell upon :adrawing in red chalk. just opposite my friend's chair. I recognised Rintoul's touch--they say that lie might have Made -a manl in the world of art had lie not chosen to embark on a classical career. "~ hat a mnagnificent head," I remark ed. "One doesn't ofteln meet with :t fellow with a profile like that. Fancy, I sutppose?" "No; a portrait done from menorTy, but a good likeness for all that. He was a pupil of mine." Rintoul relapsed into silence, and the smoke rings curled up as before. The pictured face was a strangely in teresting one. There was a haunting s?dness about it. an indefinable sugges tion of promise unfultilled. I felt sure that there was a story attached to it. "I'll tell you about hint, if you like," said my friend at last, knocking the ashes out of his pipe and laying it on the table. Ssettled imyself to listen. "It w-as "t Rugby I first came across tim," Hintonl hegan, "when I was ex nainiing dlown there for the locals one summer. Tile day was very hot. alnd I was sitting with a class that was in for elementary chemistry. I had taken some papers with inme to occupy me, but finished them some timie before the ex amination was over. and amused my self by looking round the room at the Ioys. Most of them were pegging away like mlad-some writing down nonsense, no doubt.. One, however, was staring blankly ahead; his lips were moving, and I fancied I canught the echo of some kind of rhyme. He had evidently for gotten somie important point, and was striving hard to remember it. He was the handsomest lad I had even seen: broad, deep-chested, perfectly made, with the thews and sinews of a young Hercules. and a head-well, you see his face up there. "At last he gave up in despair, and went on scribbling until time was up. The others gave in their papers and trooped out, but he lingered behind,a nd when the last had gone, burst out breathlessly: '" 'Please, sir, does calcic chloride ef floresce or deliquesce?' "His impetuosity fairly took my breath away. " 'Tllilnk a moment.' I said: 'if you're ever experimented,.you must have seen whelther it takes in or gives out water.' "A cloud settled on his brow as he llimurmured: "'Caleic chloride effloresces. Sodic sulphate deliquesces. Calcic chloride deliquesees.' "'It goes either way,' he gasped in. horror; '1 made a little rhyme to help me rcmember and I couldn't for the life of me recollect whilh way it went-I've made a. muddle of the whole thing.' 'My dear fellow, it would have been. much less trouble to think than to try to rentemiber ai parrot rhyiti-especially one haOlt nets both ways!' I.suggested. "'That's just what I can't do,' he re plied sorrowfully; 'I can learn a thing by heart, but I can't think-it isn't in me.' "He looked up at Inc. a sad, vague,. puzzled expression in his eyes, and then lie turned and left the room. The inci dent haunted me for a day or two, but I was busy, and subsequent events soon put it out of my head. After all it was no unusual thing for a schoolboy to make a mness of a. chemlistry examl." Rintoul ipaused and filled his pipe again. I did the same, and we smoked in silence for sonic timlle. Then li re sonled: "Three years Inlater I was settled here as a classical tiltor. As you know. I had not got my professorship then, but was coaching pupils in the ordinary way. There wis at very large hatch of freslhmen that. October term, and according. to report, some of those who had fallen to my lot were very pro 1nising. 1 had overhauled ' most of them, and was very well pleased with the result. , One, however. I had yet to see- KeIitlh, :a Rugby fellow. There wais a knock at my door one morning l day or two after the beginning of the term., and, to my surprise, in walked my friend of the chemistry exam. lie haid grown and developed, but was otherwise unchanged, andil he wore the same pathetically puzzled expression. He announced himself as 'Keith,' and then started and flushed; I saw lie had recognised ume : " 'I remisember seeing you at Rugby,' sI said; 'got over the calcic chloride yet?' '"His color deepiened. ' Oh, I was ploughed-I generally S"Thlere 'was a look of actual pain on his face, and I saw that I had touched a tender spot,: so I made some casual remaurk.: and began to sound him as to his classical acquirements. They were not varied, but fortunately he had settled his preliminaries. and could ie gin his special work at once. I fixed the hours at which lie was to come to mle. and mapped out a plan of lectures which he was to attend. He noted it all carefully down, and then departed with a sigh. There was really some thing very curious about his air of chronic depression. My old interest in him awakened, and I registered a firiu resolve to pull him out of the? slough of despond if possible. -"Well, I did my best, but it was of no earthly use. Keith had summed himself up correctly when we first met \--hlie simplly had no thinking powers; there was some strange want of con nection between the parts of his "rain. He had a certain aptitude for learning things parrot-fashion, and, oh, the amount of unnecessary trouble lie gave himself! He reminded me of the child who was overheard persistently and diligently repeating to himself, 'A horse has four legs-a horse has four legs.' That-was just Keith's style. At lec tures he invariably took down the di gressions with great care, omitting the essential parts, and his unseen translitions were things of horror. It was not that they were grammatically incorect--tlhe 'principles'of syntax had apparently been, hammered linto l him somehow--lhit they were utterly devoid' of style, and frequently of sense. It w-'s like trying to teach an automaton, and I very soon gave up .all. hope-ot him.s ' . "'Wlhy don't.you work for a pass?' I said impatiently one day, 'after an hour of more than biffling 'stupidity. '"'My father won't hear of it,' he re plied; 'he was a 1wrangler himself, and says he won't °allow a son to loaf through a poll degree. He can't grasp the fact:tllhat I'n no good- never was never will be--' and his' hand went wearily up to shis head. ":'I've a good:mind to write and sug gest to himn that 'you specialise in ath letics; you ought to carry off your blue in no time,' I said, with a half-envrious glance at the tall, straight figure. He only sighed 'again, and went oil slowly with his books. "An incident occurred that afternoon tha't confirmed his account of himself. I had been taking a long country walk, and was sauntering back slowly over thile river, when I hleird steps lehind me. It was Caffyn, a third-year man; he had his blue. was a very good all round fcllow.-ind wils rather a favorite of mine. This afternoon he was evl dently versy muc5h put out; lie looked tired and cross, andl there was a frown upon his irow'. "'It's that ass Keith,' hlie slid. apolo getically, as I turned to gs'eet him. 'You should see himi ill ah boat; lie's about as mnuch idea of lrowing- as a cow, and it's impossible to teach him. A fellow with that chelst!' alnd hlie gave a. dis gllstcd groan. "'He'dl row a heaont into thle middle of niext week, if you left him to lilmself lie's mnsle enoslghl-but whlen it comes to keeling stroke. he's nowhere. It's just the way in playing tensis; he'll serve a ball into the next court but one, and beg your pardon while you stand 'rsdl swear at hinl. He's just no sense of direction; he'll bIe chlucked out of everything if he goes on like this.' " 'Can't you aecouiit for it in any way'' I asked. " 'No: they say he was just the same at Itugiy--: hopeless, well-meaning, imlpracticable duffer. I more than half believe hlie's not all there.' "We Ihad reached Trinity, and I gave a weary sigh as I turned into my rooms It was such an unnecessary tragedy that :t fellow who, to all outward ap lpearance, possessed every advantage, and was full of latent possibilities, shiould he just a hopeless failure. '-But such was the case; he made st upenidous efforts,bint all to no purpose.. As the end of his third year approached, hlie grew more than usually despondent, and begged me to write to his fathler, asking tlat he might forego the exami nation. "'He'll never forgive me if I'm ploughled,' the lad said, 'and ploughed I shall be, to a. dead certainty. It'll be all right when I get home, if they'll only let me alone; there's a lot to be done on the estate, and I can work under direc tion, at anything tlhat doesn't need bralins. If only I once get away from thils hateful place!' lie ended with a groan. "Tlhe most pathetic part of the whole thing was that he realised his own de. feet, and his inability to overcome it: his schlool and college life must have been one long period of torture, I wrote to his father, putting thb matter as dell cately as I could, but the answer I re celved proved him to be the worst kind of great Panjandrum, little button and all, The missive was short, and con tained a politely expressed intimation that lie was the best judge of his son's capacity, and that the said son knew what to expect if he still obstinately persisted inl doing his worst. I showed the letter to Keith: I could not well do otherwise, as it was at his request that I had written. iHe went away very white, and set his lips. "'My father thinks that it's just olh stinacy and idleness on my part,' he said; 'he'll never forgive me if I'm ploughed-and I shall be plouglled.' "The fatal day came at last. It was a lovely .Tune morning, and liy lieart ached for him as lie passed iiiy window on his waly to his penance. I met him after the first paper, however. and lihe seemed almost hopeful: he had been lucky in his translations, both of which lie had met with before. But the next paper floored him utterly. and as the week went on, lie becalie reduced to a. state of nervous misery t'hat was piti ful to witness. The tripos was over at last, and then the results had to be waited for. When they came out. a few days later, I need hardly say that the name of Keith did not appear on the list. It was a great blow to nie. though. of course, I had known that it was in. evitable. I avoided the fellow, not feeling able to offer hlilm any consola. tion, and weht for a day up the river. "'After all, it's a storm in a teacup,' I said to myself. reflectively; 'wlhat's a. tripos, after all? Keith's got the making of a iman in him somewhere, and this one blow won't floor him. "This I uttered aloud and dellantly, resting on imy oars as I sculled upl the river; but somiehow the words did not carry conviction. "After leaving my boat. I sauntered home by the Backs, and stopped a mo. ment by Trinity Bridge before entering my roomts. It was tin oppressive, nir less night; there was scarcely a ripple oil tile wtlter. and not a leaf was mnov. ing on the trees. I walked through the cloisters into Neville's Court. No one was about; the college seemled to have adjourned to tile Grealt Court: at all events. there w'as a good deal of talking and nloving about down there. I was tired. an l went straight ulp lly stalh' case into my ltrge roomn-the one out of this." le indicated the hlialf- open door with his tinger. In the blackness I could just discern the gleaml of the shield against the wall. He continued : "As I entered, a sudden rush of cold ail made ite shiver. I was lpulzzled to account for it on such tl night, but supposed that my sudden cutry must have caused a draulght. To miy siur' prise tile room was not empty; aL figure was standing niear tile i:lntel. its head bowed on its halnds. It looked tip as I alproalched, and in the dilm light I re cognised Keith. His face was ghastly pale, and his lips moved for a mlolent or two before words shaped themselves. " 'I've conme to thlankyou for all you've done for mle,' lie said: '1 wonder if I ever could have been lily good in the world--anywhere else?' "I stretched my hand out, but he did not seem to see it. "'Myc dear fellow,' I said, "you have everything before you yet. It is sheer folly to take the result of your exam. so much to heart. Your father won't eat you.' "'It's too late,' lie repeated, in tile same level, dull, monotonous tone-'too late-too late.' There was a terrible hunted expression in his eyes. I rea soned, exhorted, pleaded. but all to no avail. 'I've had imy last chance, and lost it,' lie said; 'you've been very good to me. linut I knew it was of no use.' "HI-Its head went down oil his hands again. A chill, eerie, feeling came over mte; it was as though I could not get near him ait all; miy words seemed to float past: him, unheeded and unheard. "'Go linck to your rooms, and go to bed.' I said, at last; 'you are worn out; 'll coine round and talk to you to-mor "I moved towards the door and lie fol lowed me slowly. We passed down tile stair together, and out into tile cloisters. The moon was rising over the river, and as we stood there again I felt a breath of -icy wind sweeping round.the court.- It was very strange. " 'I can't understand-' I was begin ting, turning to lily companion. when to my astonisliument I found that he was no longer at my side. "It was a tmystery to me how le could have vanished so suddenly. I called his name., but there was no anuswer. After an ineffectual search I concluded that he had gone back to his rooms by some mysterious short cut, and, being very weary, I turned in. "Thue next morning I awoke with a vague feeling that something unpleasant had happened-you know thesensation? I was just recalling the events of the :night before when Vicars, my gyp, en tered the room. ," VWas there anything going on last night. Vicats?' I asked. 'I catme in late and there seemed to be some excitement outside the dining hall.' "'Vicars looked very grave. '" 'So you haven't heard. sir?' hlie said. 'Young Mr Keith shot himself just be fore the hall-he was stone dead when they found hinm; the doctor says it must have been lnstaitaneous.' "It was two hours later that I had seen and spoken with hllm!" There was a very long silence atfter my friend hlid finished his ttlle. I had no uxplatnaliou to otffer: suchl ai adven ture was tltogether beyond thile limlits of uly experience. "It was I vwho broke the news to his people," said Rintiloul at last; "the old tmn never got over it-hlie died that year. I did tot tell them about my strange ex perience; it would lhave served no itur' pose. But one thing I tut sure of," lihe adided, its we lighted our candles. and prepared for bed, "that poor' Keith has had another clhaince since then." "-Ilousehold Words." 