Sermon. Flags of War. By the Key. Dr. Taxhage. The three banners of the Lord's hosts axe tho banuer of proclamation, the banner for recruits, and the banner of victory. J. Tho banna* of proclamation. When a natiou feels its rights infringed, or its honour insulted ; -when its citizens have, in foreign climes, been oppressed, and no indemnity has been offered to the inhabitant of the republic or kingdom^ a proclamation of war is littered. ,On the top of batteries, and arsenals, and custom-houses, and revenue olfir.es. flags are immediate]}' swung' out. AH who look upon them realise the fact that uncompromising war is declared. Thus it is that tho Church of Jesus Christ, jealous for the honour of its Sovereign, and determined to get back those ■who have becu carried off captive into the bondage of Satan, and intent upon tho de struction of wrongs which have so long cursed the earth, and bent upon the extension of the • 'Saviour's reign of mercy, in the name of God sets up its banner of proclamation. At the gate of Eden tho declaration of per petual enmity was made against the serpent. The tumult round about Mount Sinai was only the roar and flash of God's artillery of wrath against sin. Sodom on lire was only ono of God's flaming bulletins announcing hostility. Nineveh and Tyre and Jerusalem in awful ruin mark the track of Jehovah's advancement. They show that Ged was terribly in earnest when He announced Ilim Kelf abhorrent of all iniquity. They make us believe that though nations belligerent and -revengeful may sign articles of peace and come to an amicable adjustment, there shall be no cessation of hostilities between the . forces of light and the forces of darkness until tho kingdoms of this world have become tho kingdoms of our Lord. Affrighted by no opposition, discouraged by no tem porary defeats, shrinking iroin ho exposure— every man to his position, while from the top of our schools and churches and seminaries and asylums, "in the name of God \vc will set up our banners." 2.Agaiu, it was llio custom in ancient , times, for the purpose of gathering; armies, to lift an ensign on the top of some high hill, so that all who saw it would feel impelted to rally around it. In more modern times the same plan has been employed for the gather ing of an army. Tim's it is that the church of Chpist Jifts its ihg for recruit*. The cross of Jesus is our standard, planted . on the hill of Calvary. Orhcr armies demand that persons desiring to enter the lists of war shall bo between such and such an ago,'-lest the folly, of extreme youth or the infirmity of advanced age be a clog rather than" au advantage. cBut .110110* arc too young for 'Christ's regiment; nouo .can be too old. Manyof you have long ago had your names written on the roll of celestial troops, and you like the service well, although yon now bear the scars of multitudinous conflicts, and can recount many a long march, and' tell of siege-guns opened on you that you thought never would \- be spiked. But there may be some who lmve not yet enlisted.' Your being here may imply that you are seriously thinking about it, and your attention makes mo hope you arc only looking for the standard to bo hoisted. Will you not, a hundred of you, with all the .aroused enthusiasm of your nature, come bounding into the ranks while * 'in the name of God we set up our banners Through natural modesty do you .hold back and say, "I will be of xio advantage to Christ; lam too awkward to learn the step of the host, or to be of any service in the shock of battle V To you I make the reply, Try it. One hour uuder Christ's drill, end • you would so well understand His rules that the first step of your inarch heavenward would make the gates of hell tremble on their hinges. Wo may not be as poli-bcd and trim as many Christians wo have known, nud we may not us well understand sharp shooting, but there?is rough work which we can nil accomplish. We do not uarc where, wo do not care what—if wc can mily help in the cause of our King, and shout as loudly as any of them at the conquest. There are non-professors who have a very correct idea of what Christians ought to be. You say followers of- Christ ought to be honourable, humble, and •self- denying, and charitable, and patienr, and forgiving. Amen! So they ought. Como into the kingdom of - Christ, jny hearer, and be just that glorious Christian that you havo^ de scribed. Every church lias cuough stingy men in it to arrest its charities, and enough proud men. in it to grieve away tho Holy Ghost, and enough la/.v men in it to hang on behind till its wheels, like Pharaoh's chariots, drag heavily, and enough worldly men to exhaust the patience of the very elect, and enough snarly mca to make appropriate tho Bible warning, '* Beware of dogs." If any of you men on the outside of the kingdom expect to make such Christians as that, wo do not want you to come, for • tho church has already a million members too many of just that kind. We do not want, our ranks crowded with serfs when we cau have them filled with zouaves. Thcro are men'now, as in Christ's lime, possessed of seven devils. In somo instances it seems as though at conversion only rix of those evil spirits were cast out, xvhilo there remains still one in the henrt—the devil of avarice, the devil of lust, or tho devil of pride. -.1. Again, when a grand victory has been won, it is customary to .announce it. l»y Hags floating from public, buildings, and from trees, and from the waste of ships. They are the flignal for eulogy and rejoicing. So the ensign the church hoists is a banner of vic tory. There was a timo when the religion of Christ was not considered respectable. Men of learning1 and position frowned upon it. Governments anathematised its supporters. To bo a Christian was to bo an underling. BuWmark the difference. Religion has com pelled the world's respect. Infidelity, in the tremendous effort it has made to crush if, has complimented its power ; and there is not now a tingle civilised nation hut, in its constitution, or laws, or proclamations, pays homage to the religion of Christ. Wo point not to fortresses and standing armies and navies as the evidence of the church's progress ; wo point to the men whom Christ lias redeemed by His blood. AVhaf. if arsenals and navy-yards do not belong to the church ? Wo do not want them. The weapons of our warfare arc not carnal, hut spiritual, and mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. The world and Satan have no idea of the strength and heroism which God will yet let Obit against the forces of darkness. As yet they have had only one round from the firstrcgimcnt. Thelordofhostswill soon appear in the field at the Head- of His troops. De pend upon it that, when God inspires the soul with a new life, He puts in it the principle of "never give up." In all ages of the church there have been,those who have had a faith that w«6 almost equal to sight, lacking through persecution and reverses with as much expectation as through palpable achievements. There bavo been ineu for Christ who have acted as did the favourite troops of Brieu attacked by Fitzpatrick of O-sory. The wounded soldiers begged that they might enter tho fight with tho others. They said, ."Let stakes be stuck in the ground, and suffer, each of us, tied to and supported by one of these stakes, to battle in the ranks by the side of a sound man." It is said that 700 or 800 men, pal ) atiu emaciated from former -wounds, and thus supported by the stakes, struggled through the combat. * Thus has it been that multi tudes of the children of God, though feeling themselves weak and wounded— perhaps in soul, perhaps iu body, perhaps in estate—supported by the 6taff of God's 'promise, have warred it up to the hilt in tho subjugation of a world of wickedness. Wc are mighty in this cause, for we have the •help of angelic messengers from high heaven. They stand behind us to keep us from ignominious retreat; they go before to encourage us in tho strife. We go not alone in the field. We have ivinciblo ulHe3 in the dumb elements of nature. As Job said, we are in long the very stones of the field. The sun by day and the moon by night, directly or indirectly, shall favour Christianity. The stars iu their course* arc marshalled for up, as thoy fought against Siscra. The triads of l-eaven are t: as certainly acting in favour of Christ as Reformation times, when the invincible Armada, in its pride, approached the coast of Ehgland. As that proud navy directed it" gnus against the friends of Christ and reli gious liberty, God said unto His winds, ; Seize hold" of tho:n!" and to the sea, k Swallow them!" The Lofd, with His tempest"?, dashed their hulks together and splintered them on the rocks, untii the flower of Spanish pride and valour lay crushed among the waves of the seaowch. All are Ave! God the Father, God the Son, mid God the Holv Ghost are our allies. By-and-hy yon would hardly know the earth if you saw it. The world "as a whole shall be as greatly improved as the individual .heart by conversion. Fraud, leaving its trickery, will go to work for an honest living. Knavery shall begin to make righteous bar gains. Fassirm shall answer lo the control of reason. Scoflora fhall be changed into wor shippers, and sceptics into Bible- lovers. Christ shall begin Ills work 011 earth. Whether or not He thou descends on the earth person and establishes a government at Jerusalem, it will certainly bo au era of more i Augustan splendour. That is enough. Knowing ihl*, wc can never despair. Bat as wc sec the church of Christ putting on her beautiful garmcuts, wo will say, with the enthusiasm of Oliver Cromwell, who, ding before his rick and faniino stricken soldiers at Dunbar, saw the rising out of. tho morning mist, and, pointiug to it with his sword, uttered a prayer which hurled his men upon the crushed foe like a sky full of thunder bolts, "Arise, 0 God ! let Thine enemies be scattered.". "With the ear of faith I catch the sound of the latter-day glory. Church of Christ, unxheathe thy sword, and this moment into the battle ! _ In the name of Christ, march on ! My subject has (aught you that iu this contest we are not without ou.rigns. All we want now is men to carry them. Before I sit down I must propose to each of you this great honour. Becoming a Christian is uot > ignoble a thing as many liavo thought it. It. makes a man stoop," you say. I > know if, but it is only the stoop of au heir of royalty, who on his knees is > to receive a cn of dominion. We want standard-bearers ,ull pulpits, in all places of business—eve . where. Without any condition, without any reserve, iu the name of the God of Israel, I offer you tho honour of carrying the church's ensigns. Do not be afraid of the assaults of .vrld whose ranks you desert, nor of lis who will oppose you with in al might. It were more blessed to fall here than stuud anywhere else. Christ ha* declared it—" AU who are not with Monro against inc." Lord Jesus,-'we surrender. Tho prophecies intimaio that there shall before tho destruction of (he world be one! at battle between (ruth and unrighteous s. On tho side of sin shall be arrayed all j ms of oppression and cruelty, led on by; infamous kings and generals. Tho votaries of paganism, led on by their ' priests. The subjects of Mahometanism, follow ing the command of their sheiks. I And gluttony, and intemperance, and ! iniquity of every phase thall be largely re presented on the field. All the wealth, and splendour, and glory of wickedness shall be concentred on that one decisive spot, and, j maddened by ten thousand previous defeats, | shall gather themselves for one last terrible | assault. With hatred to God for their cause, and blasphemy for the battle cry, they ! spread out over the earth in square beyond j sq uare, and legion beyond legion, while in some I overhanging cloud of blackness foul spirits of | hell watch this last struggle of sin and durk | ness for dominion. 