iNGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. FFrom our own Corresnondent.1 LONDON. September 24. x nere nas oeen no increase in tne amount oi monoy received by tho Atrent- General for tho Wells Fund. Including his own subscription, it still stands at £l- Is. In all probability the aotion which Mr. Jherry— the clerk who came f rom thejbankers, Slyn, Mills, Currie. & Co., to initiate tho ^gent-General'? staff into the mysteries of the nscriptionof tho South Australian Govern sent stock — has brought against the Agent ieneral for wrongful ?dismissal, will come on lext month. Mr. Playford dismissed this rentlernan ior alleged insubordination to Mr. ?Vicksteed. In compensation the Agent jjeneral gave Mr. Cherry £20, but he claims ;he full year's salary of £-00. Archdeacon Youne and his wifo are to leave \--y the Austral on Saturday next. After an nturcsting trip through England, they have jcon staying with the Archdeacon's father, ;he Rev. Peter Young, Vicar of *2Corth Witham, who many rears ago was a curate of the celebrated Mr. Keble. once regarded as a lerctic. 1 1 is an interesting fact that a former Vicar of North Witham. Mr. Smith, became :he second husband of Sir Isaac Newton's nother, who lived not far off at Wools thorp Manor, where the great Newton was born. After a groat deal of trouble Mr. David Murray has engaged for the pastorate of the flinders-street Presbyterian Church the Rev. Mr. Davidson, of Il&wrck.; who is a capital preacher. Ho will sail for the colony in lanuary next. Mr. Murray is still in Scot and, where he is to remain until early iu October, when be intends to return to London prior to sailing for Adelaide. Mr. J. H. Finlaywn and family are at arc.Meut in Italy. They have bad a very ilcasaut time in Antwerp, Brussels, and Elcidcltierg. At Schafthausen they had de ightful weather, and a glorious train ride to Lucerne, where they saw the mountains ;randly mantled in white. When iu Italy Mr. Finlayson will visit Home, Como, and the -tb«r chief cities of that historical portion of :he Continent. Mr. H. R. Dixson, who came -ver here from Adelaide to represent the news of the Adelaide shareholders at the ireat Boulder meeting, has sailed for America -y the Majestic '/» route to South Australia. Mr. William Kit her and family intend to leave by the Australia, icavingon October 8. Towards tho wool sales which commence on September 2S South Australia up to the present has sent only -.700 bales out of an ivailablc total of 175. 000. The total itself is i great falling off. During the corresponding pcriod'of last year 311.000 were offered to the ieries beginning next week. New South vYalcs sends 1V_\»O, Queensland 28.000, Vic toria 24.400, Western Australia l.ftCO. Tas mania 1,1V), and New Zzaland i--\lW bales. I hear on good authority that scon after his return Mr. Chamberlain will invite tbe Agents-General for the Colonies to a Con ference lit the Colonial Office to consider matters discussed during the Premiers' visit, ind that particular attention will be paid to t'uc replies of the colonies to Mr. Chamber Iain's ' Zollverein' despatch of November. I ????.;'-. Mr. Chamberlain is not tho man to let :h? grass grow under his font. His enemies, iiowevor. hate him worje than ever. One paper in Birmingham says that rutiianisui is 3ii the increase in tha£ city owinc to tbe lenient attitude of tho Secretary of State for ciir- Colonies to tho leader of tho Jameson raid. Ic i* rJtfo suggested that it it is true tbe l-id example which Mr. Chamberlain has ret to his fellow-citizens that three chapels have recently bc-*n shut up and sold in Birmingham. It is also hint**! that i: is through Mr. Chamberlain that one of the closed sanctuaries bai ttccn turned into a boxing saloon. Lord Kintorc is to be Lord-in-Waiting en tho (jueen next month from the ll'tli until the .'lit!:. Uoth Lord and Lady Kictore aro stay ing at Keith Hall, in Abardccnshirc. Mr. Henniker I lea ton writes to say t'nat the team of Parliamentarians which he hopes t-j take out will be strong enougn to face any nic'nteen in the Parliaments of New South Wajes, Victoria, Queensland, or South Aus tralia. 'Of course we shall play only Parlia ments.'' He hones that the combined Parlia ments will send to Melbourne cr Sydney a tca.a equal to the home players. It is exported that the special shipsnent of oranccs by the l!:iagaree will arrive at the end of this woek or the tesrinningof next. Another big shipment by tho Lusitania, which is due front Sydney on the iMth mst., has been put in the hands of Messrs. Keeling & limit. Bythc way. there is a sound grumbling article in the rinnnrini Xcrsoi yesterday about tho care !e? -ness with which the fruit is carried from Australia by some of the Steamship Com panies. That paper i3, however, of opinion that if apples could bo delivered in London in prime condition, and the danger of doteriora tion '.?? rouU removed, more attention would lm turned in the colonies to tho export of pears, grapes, and other soft fruits, and a pro fit lblo trade established. The most recent news from the Epernay district, in France, is that the recent heavy rains have had a ruinous effect upon the grape .?rop, and that 1897 will be a very poor wine year. A hasty harvest was made in some dis tricts ?s the growers saw the grapes rotting before »heir very eyes. The quality of the wine will bo better tl-pn latt year, which was one of tho worst ever known. France's misfortune should be Australia's opportunity. Prince Ranjitsinhji has left us for Australia. At Victoria there was a large party collected to hid the famous cricketer farev.cil. It is cvidcntlv his intention to e--mo back to r.nz.a'.i'i aner ins trip i- .?\us;raua ana maia. For ho says that he means to Ins here after next rammer his over. _ Not only have wo lost a :rie!:etcr iu rlanjitsinliji. but an orator a!«o. At a farewoll given to him at Cambridge hy the townsmen ami several of the L'niversitv \uthoritii»«the Prince made a speeHi which tva» vocifcroiwly cheered. He told his audience :hat he io-.tkv-d' v.pan being »t the top of the I Kitting averages for last year as 'beine equal tr» playing for Kugland .-.gaii:»: Aastraiia. :i:id. »:'.!i pardonable pride, he hoped he miirlit say ;li:it it showed that tho batsman was sc-vond ti- none, lie was about to go to Australia, and \w jjointcil out that whilst he was piayjng Trinket for Knpiaad against that country :i ?/cry dear relation of his— an uncte— was iight ing'f*Toar«-v»iircn in ir.dia. They all knew the :oaip---i:io:i of the team which was roiug o.;: ;sptaine*J by Mr. StoJtlart. and, althougb in ticket it was not mfr to predict, iu hi* opinion ;t was well capable of upholdinp the ho:io-ir i-: Knglaud. Aiiyhow, tbov wuuid rijrht with :hat pluck and determination which were »lw.--y» characteristic of _ KngHsIt cricket. Kar.jit*inhji and his pyty then left the liuiKi insaiaid thcMRgingoi* 'Au'dlans t-yne' =.j:cl '? For he's a jolly goo.l fellow.'1 Haujitsinhji ^ubseqiirntly appeared on tin.* bslcotiy of h-- hoceland bade th? crowd **a-Jicti,'and while ihsperitinc the crowd sang 'Au revoir, but not good-by.' Th^rei* at Grav«endacoal-tlirc--.vingg!ios;, who still remain? .-. mystery, notwithstanding the activity oi the Prt'Ss. aiid the polit.v. Au Australian corre»j)on(lsnt suggests that the Gravcseiid ght*«tmay be o: tLe.'-an'.echaract-. r as the 'EuiKore Ghost' in Sydney. A fusil lade of stones wi, tbe ravstcry in this case, and ultimately it was found that the cause of j: all were s'orae mischievous urchins who had iLvreted t:ieui-flve4 in some trees aad thenco pelted the would-be phostsecrs. In torne remini-wnccs published in the £-?-?'.? Ch i-»ii:W the v.-riter thinks that the lute .Justice Windey-r failed ;r- obtain the position on the -Tudivia! Committee of tho Privy Coun cil u-bicl) Chief Justice W'uy now holds o** in? to the severe sentence which he passed on the live Sydney larrikins whom ho condemned to death for an aggravated assault. ' Tin.- public never forgave the Judgo who passed th'. sentence, and hi.« crcat ability— he w». p?rhr.ps. tho ablest lawyer ia rlie Auitr.-.liau Colonies— failed to i-hieid him from a volume of censure such as probably never fell o« any Judge j'incc the days of Jeffreys'.' Dr. Chiirlts It;, nn. of Melbourne, has set down iu book form his ex{«.-r!cncei- of thff Turk* a: Plevna aud Er:*?n-un;. In his bcol; he ha- collaborated with Ins lir-mry friend. Mr. John Sande*. but be. lty»a 'is quit.! capable hitar-olf of \u :nte:---:ritijr work, for ho was on conidential tcno.-i w.th Oiir.a:: I'asha, and knew equally \\\\..-!l Tcu-fik Piiha. the hero of Plevna. Of the coar:ige t-f tie Turk under hardship aud pain Dr. Kyou canuot speak too highly. It is now almost -Jcrinitjiy decided lhat Tut Ryan, tbe Austraiian heavr-wcight. will fetch off a match at tho National Sporting Club. Ryan, who i- a strict :tt*iotal!er and uo:i craoker, h.w l-eea hero n-iw for about a fort night. If k« cannot arrange his contest in England he intends to mako a journey to America to do it. 