The Lover's Qiiest; cat. For A Woman's Sake. A STORY OF BRITISH LOVE AND DARING IN SOUTH AFRICA- By EBNEST GLANVILLE. AUTHOR OF " THE LOST HEERKSS." "THE FOS3ICKER." " A FAIR COLONIST," "THE GOLDEN HOCK," ETC., ETC. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS L and II.— Miles Venning, the junior partner of the house of Lorimer and Co., Birmingham, receives an order for 2000 Slar- tini-Henry rifles and SOO.QOO rounds of ball am- munition, the whole to be' delivered by a trusty i agent at 6iuuii nu« A lie uiutri te eigucu Mark Sterndale." The name reminds him of an . acquaintance he struck up with a young girl of that name some years ago,' and her father, : whom be lost sight of, and he decides to deliver i the goods himself, in the hope of meeting them again. At Zanzibar the rifles are taken pos session of by a man named Stoffel, and he ac cepts the hospitality of an Arab called Abdol. : He, however, becomes suspicious of his sur roundings. and cames to the conclusion that be has been trapped. CHAPTERS III. and IV.— Venning's exper iences with the Arab Abdol convince him that he is in the latter's power. He is, through fear of death, compelled to sign an order for a number of arms and ammunition on his own firm at Birmingham. He tries to find a means of .escape, but the servant he has given him, Hans, tells him there is no chance of that, and, more over, he is shown a tiger, in a cage, which is put upon the tracks of slaves trying to escape. Venning is convinced that he has become the victim of a band of slave dealers. CHAPTER V. .—After going through a variety of alarming adventures, Miles resolves to escape from his tormentors, and enlists Hans in the work. v j.. A tremendous uproar broke out, the whole band charging Miles with having deliberately knocked the rifle up to spoil his rival's last chance of success. The excitement under which they labored turned to fury, and they began to hustle him with loud cries of insult, while some snapped their Angel's in his face and dared him to strike. Miles shifted his grasp to the barrels of his heavy Express, but he kept his wits in the angry whirl, for he knew that if he struck one blow he would be instantly cut to pieces; as he was push ed back his gaze fell upon the sheikh, who was standing apart, looking at the scene with apparent indifference, and he read in the man's bearing that there was little hope for him unless he could force the position. He thrust the, butt of the gun into the body of a man who was pressing upon him, and getting round, delivered a swinging blow at the bare shins of the other tormentors, then, in the confusion, dashed at Abdol, snatch ed the bandoliers from him, and quick ly thrust home a couple of cartridges. "What is it," he cried, "peace or war?" and levelled the gun at ihe sheikh. The Arab leader folded his arms and tried to call up an expression of sur prise, belied by the twitching of his thin nostrils. "By Allah," he said quietly, "you have a rough way with you. my friend." "Tell your men to retire." said Miles, firmly, as a glance out of the tail of his eye showed a stealthy movement of w hile figures to his rear. "Not while you threaten me," said the chief coldly. Miles lowered the barrels. "You saw these men threaten me, and you said no word." "Nay, it was but their way, and you gave them cause. The wager hung on the last shot, and you struck the man's gun aside in the sight of all. It cannot surprise you that they were resentful." "I struck the gun aside because it was pointed, not at the mark, but at the man." "Say you so," said the chief, with a sudden blaze. "Abdullah!" The man advanced. j "Hear this charge against you that you were aiming at the slave?" "jt is a lie," said Abdullah, with a ! scowl at Miles, while the others freely cursed the white son of sheilnn. "He denies it." said the chief, looking ! at Miles, "and as he held the weapon he must know best." "I stood behind him, and am certain that he aimed at the man. Ask the Hottentot." "Bring the slave hither, and by the Prophet, we will get at the truth of this." The court opened at once, and a shout was raised, for the Hottentot had bolt ed, and was even then disappearing into a mass of boulders at the foot of the cliff opposite. A dozen men started in pur suit, while many broke into a shout of laughter, and the chief, changing his mood on a sudden, placed, a hand on Miles' shoulder. "You have lost the wager, my friend, : and I am afraid 1 have lost my slave, for he is like the coney when among these , rbeks. Yet you shoot well, and you are quick to act. and bold too. I will swear you have taken the field as a soldier." "1 have been under fire," said Miles, still on his guard. "I know it. else I would not have troubled io cripple that red-pated devil when he sought your life. And this is the word I have long meant to say to you — a -hundred rifles and two hundred swords I will give you to command if you stand by me." Miles looked at the. chief in astonish ment. "You are trifling with me," he said. "I do not trifle on these matters," said the Arab, grimly. "Think over what I have said and let me know to-morrnw. and let j-our thoughts dwell on this, that if you are captain these men, instead of being ready to pick a quarrel, would be as a shield against danger." " Are you offering me service in the pay as a slave trader?" asked Miles, quietly. "i am Was-el-Rewa," said the . Arab, with a proud gesture. "My command :s fiom the White ixile to the Zambesi, and there is not a trioe oetween, aye, not one, that does not pay tribute to me. I have in the leash of my making 20,000 spear men of tne tribes, as mucn under tbe grasp of my hauu as though I held them like a brace of hounds; and, besides them, many riflemen in thousands, wait ing for the movement, wailing lor the word that will set them sweeping to the sea, driving before them like foam the accursed strangers." The Arab chief lifted his head, his eyes flashed, his hand unconsciously sought the hilt of his straight sword, and from his poise it seemed that even then he foiesatv the moment when he would launch his vengeful host against the hereditary enemies of his race. Miles saw himself on the brink of some ter rible revelation, and almost held his breath as he watched the emotion work in the dark and martial face of the chief. As he looked, the black eyes met liis in a glance that seined to pierce him through. "Behold," said the Arab solemnly, "I have said more than is safe for you to .know. I will give you till to-morrow for your answer." "I will give it you now," said Miles. The chief raised his hand. "It is only a fool who rushes on his fate. Peace, friend, and reflect. Well," turning to the men who had returned from pursuit of the Hottentot, "where is his slave?" "The dog hath crawled into a hole, my lord," said one, "and the longest spear cannot reach him, neither can any one of us crawl In for the narrowness of it." "Let him be till the morning, and we will see whether Nirnr cannot fetch him out.' Then, turning again to Miles, he i said in English. "On your answer to morrow depends the life of that slave who has found shelter where none but the black leopard can reach him. Till then you are captain of mine and may keep your gun. But go not away from your liul." "With this parting word, accompanied by a meaning glance, the leader strode away without a look at his men, who took their cue from his mood, and went their way in silence, leaving Miles stand ing alone. The silence of the men. the studied way in which they ignored him, after llieir recent outburst, were as ominous of impending danger as the scarcely-veiled menace of the chief, and Miles went slowly back to his hut. Once inside he counted the cartridges in ihe bandolier. There were eight, and each one was hut a shell ! As he had fired each cartridge those ejected had been carefully re- placed,, possibly for future loading. He quietly opened the breach of his rifle, and a glance sufficed to show that these, too, were empty. lie let the useless weapon slide from his grasp with a frown. If j the worst came he could not even sell I his life dearly, and he ground his teeth at the thought that he had been so cleverly taken in by the cool demeanour of ihe Arab whom he had threatened to shoot. The discovery of his helplessness, just j when lie had felt a glow of confidence | in the possession of his rifle, depressed j him more than anything else, and in , vain lie tried to fix his mind on some plan of escape. His eyes always came back to the empty cartridges which seemed to mock him, until he kicked the bandolier out of the door, and then the rich barrels caught his restless glance, and he would pick up the gUn to study the intricate damascene work, only to throw the rifle aside each time. And now a comely slave girl brought him down a bunch of dates, and the in evitable dish of rice and chopped meat. He motioned her savagely to set them down, and she went oft with a toss of the head which set ornaments rattling, and a snap of the lithe fingers in con tempt. but when she re-appeared with a brass kettle of coffee, and a chibouk, she found, io her surprise, that the white man was in the best of tempers. 411 the interval, Miles had recovered his nerve and his wits. If he meant to escape, it must be that very night, and his first step was to throw his enemies off their guard. The girl, he knew, would chat— after her kind— over His bearing, and he determined to let her go back next time with the impression that he was in good spirits. So he greeted her with a smile as shevcame in, and pointed to the empty dish to show how well he had dined, and when she would with draw. he made her sit down, and search ed out from his bag a handsome glass, which he presented to her. Then, as sh'egrinned ed aiim SJdi her laige/ .yes, ami laughed in. great dUght,he,JqjDt; a '"pull at themiher'tnouthirfete df the pijpesiid passed it to her, and they did sot hesi tate to -puff and puff about. Then, to do the thing thoroughly, he took a heavy gold ring from his pocket, and after slip ping it on her finger, withdrew it, and using the Arab word for "to-morrow," indicated that if she came hack then and waited on him the ring might be hers. She clapped her hands and set about making preparations with the intention of there and then winning the prize. Miles, however, good-bumoredly turn ed her out and stood at the door watch ing her progress, which was very slow, owing to constant halts to gaze at her- self in the mirror. At last, after many a wriggle, expressive of intense joy, she heacher her friends, where her lively ges tures and loud laughter showed that she had plunged into her story, which would certainly lose nothing in the telling. That afternoon Miles had to hold a re ception. The faithful girl brought down relays of her friends to -see the ring, bis watch and chain, his brushes, and everything that was his, and, of course, hers, and she finished off the long reception by .in troducing the chiefs own favorite danc ing girl, to whom Miles was especially attentive, making her happy and voluble With a cunning bracelet he had pur chased at Aden from a Persian. His de lighted bond-maiden patted him on the cheek as she at last reluctantly left, af ter the evening meal, and Miles, almost overwhelmed by the heavy odor of scents that filled his hut, sat outside, waiting for the blackness of night. He was first anxious to find if any watch was kept on hint, but the Arabs seated at the foot of a cliff appeared totally in different, and it was not until dark that he noticed ten armed men set out to the narrow entrance, rrom wnicn pieaeuuy came four men who had been relieved. It was evident that the guard at the passage had been increased, but there was no other sign of a watch set, and when darkness blotted all out except the fires he was satisfied that he was to be left alone. So much for the success of his ruse in making the girl- chat of her conquest. The next step would be more difficult. That was, 1f possible, to gain admission to the cave where the ammu nition was stored. As he was debating this in his mind he heard a slight movement by his side, and as he turned, with a start, he saw a dark form on the ground. "Be still, baas; it is Hans." Miles had forgotten all about the Hot tentot, but now he remembered the fate that had been reserved for the little man, and he grasped him firmly by the arm lest he should attempt to run off again. "Why did you run away, Hans?" "My Gott, baas, tbe laster bullet was for me. That why I run; and the dui- vels came after me, baas!" "Well?" "We must go this night. Right now— now. One man said the tiger would be loose to- morrow, and he would creep in the hole in the rocks after the old Hot tentot. Come, my master." "Wait awhile, Hans. Before we go we must have a plan, and we must aLso have cartridges. Do you know where the guns are stored?" "In the cave, sieur, up the krantz." "Can we reach it?" "How, sieur! It is a hard thing you ask, for these men look better after their guns than tlieir girls. But a rifle, ja mynheer, it was good to hold one, if dat tiger comes after." "We must try." Miles took off the Arab robe which he still wore, and tossed : it on the ground, and drew a pair of thick j socks over his red Arab slippers. The ! Hottentot led the way, moving with his j hare feet without a sound, and Miles si- j lently followed, until they reached a ! large detached boulder, when they paus ed to reconnoitre. There were fires blaz ing at the entrance to two of the larger caves, and the men and women round ihe nearer fire appeared to be absorbed in listening to one of their number who was probably relating some wonderful tale of love. The firearms were stored in a cave a 11 uie auove 1111s luiKiehieu cucie, anu beyond the reflection of the fire. At a whispered order from Miles, the Hotten tot resumed his progress, however, more to the left, and after a most cautious advance they reached the base of the cliff. Halting for a moment they saw between them and the fire the form of a- sentinel, ' with his face turned to the group, as if he also was under the spell of the story-teller's enchantment. The Hottentot slipped along, with his hand to the wall, running his fingers lightly over the rock, until his touch, gliding over a polished stone, warned him that he had reached the narrow track leading up to the magazine. He caught Miles by the hand and guided his fingers over a smooth knob, which was the first step. They were now not more than half-a-dozen paces from the guard, and the slightest noise would be fatal. Hans, however, had no nerves in Otis sort of work, and while Miles was steadying himself, the little man had begun the ascent, making a slight sound as. he drew hiriiself up. Miles pressed himself into the wa.ll.but the sentinel still leant unmoved upon his gun, the light coming and going on his white burnous. Miles waited a minute, then cautiously felt for a hold and drew himself up to the first step, but the but tons of his coat scraped against tlie stone, and as he pressed, scarcely breath ing, with his face against the cold cliff side, he heard the sentry turn, take a step or two, and stand again. A glance over his shoulder showed that the guard had again turned his face to the group. S®dtomefl tb;1Us'tadt hailr& dozen Upward sfimf f?1® care., found h!? wUlH broad ledge with the Hotter,? Pn al once guided him forward thS. Wh entrance Into pitch darkne u struck a light, and the tinju h teed under the flap of hi= cr' i ' I fleeted on rows of shining ,- n"' Was re" I against the walls, and u.V . £lack«l knives and swords in their ch ,res S immeditaely grasped a fl whose glittering hilt caught il Another match revealed on fl side a pile of boxes, and, what thef fl important, a package, whkb fl cognised as his own property 5 re" fl cover open, and an empty . ha h th« its side. This bandoE\la"tber tne otner which he had burkua itil fl his waist, he now quickh SL10Ua« then stepped out to the rid»f. «an4 descended first with his woa,mil an over his shoulder so that it fl .strike against the rock, and fl.en Mn"1 fl followed to find, when he b-f, ,M,|eafl foothold of the ridge for ti> 14 fl and steep descent, that it wane? fl to find his way up and quite anotv '"4 fl get down in the dark. Tlrh ,il t0-B reached down to find a foothold whl ? success but with more sr-ranio- Il 9 was safe, and with a growing irhiti that increased the difficulty of H At last the Hottentot, who had , 'maS faithfully at the bottom, ascended t find out the cause of the delav and promptly taking hold of his mane , foot guided it to the first step. ThPac! to the bottom of the track was almw fl straight, but the constant efforts he had made had twisted one of the bandoli«i fl and a cartridge dropping out. struck the rock with a sharp meinllic sound. H "Mash Allah!" bxclaimed the Sf-ntrv fl as he swung round, but before he eouid H make a step forward there rang 0ui. I almost at his side, the horrible jaUgh 0 H a hyena, and as the man sunh. .-u". H with a bound. Miles slided gvnily uTfl,, ground, and slipped along the ciiff. B There was a hubbub from the circle I one man flung a firebrand, and some of I them laughingly chaffed the sentry. Miles waited anxiously for a few H minutes, then found his way aftu- some I difficulty to hte hut, where Haas I ad ai. I ready preceded him. The liul..- man was B almost weeping. B "My baas. I did think h was ovei fl when that bullet dropped, but so I v.em fl on my hands and laughed, so as the fl wolf come" fl "It was well done, Hans, .md saved fl me." fl "Ja, baas. It was old Hans »i3de that fl noise, laughed, so as the wolf Hughs."' fl Miles entered the hut with his side, H which he at once loaded, and then re- fl joined Hans to decide upon the next fl move. They were armed, that was a fl great thing, but the very success of fl their efforts rendered their position fl hopeless if they did not make good their fl escape- that night. fl CHAPTER VII fl "Hans, have you any plan? Yjii havs fl lived here among these men. and should H know their habits." H "There Is no way out. sk-ui'. hut by H the passage, and the men there th-y do H not sleep for the spirits. H "Spirits!" H "Oh, a many spooks, baas— tYem the holes and the water, and the bushes; uianjvdevils that come in the night to frighten any ntan who is alme. Oh. yes, S They talk of them always, and at times they make much noise to frighten the H spooks." I Miles picked up the whit-- garmi-n; he had tossed aside. I "If I held this on the ride. Hanc. and you made a noise, would 1 It guards down in the dark there ink..- it for a H spook?" The Hottentot drew a 1-msr lu-caih. "Mav.oii, baasie, you have got i. ?'-»?, alh- varel! Yes, I will cry <l:-p in W I belly and they will run. It is Fncd-' "You think so?" said Mile.-. < ru'jtfuliy. "Oh yes; dey plenty bang f"1' l'ie I night things. Come now. baas. l".£ore the early cold come." They crept off down the valley, guided by the shimmer of light on the t'1'a I stream that found its way through tne gorge where the guards were ported- ie I « a H/Ulne. nn tViO "litHIl" tilt 111016 fl childish it appeared until, when the dark walls again loomed up close befoie 1111 , he was prepared to abandon the tlic ' Hans, however, vehemently maintained that it was the only plan that wou su - ceed, unless they made a light 0 . and finally Miles prepared to hmlduP the ghost. All he required tras - to lash across the barrels and the arms. This was soon found, at white robe was carefully fixe . looked ghostly enough as u a, the air. They arranged to nd\a near as they could to the t0 out being detected, when Miles lift his banner on high, and crouching behind, was to hou . . trick did not fail they were to . slip through in the dark, and if IP fight- x i,v foot, Slowjy they crept on, loot guided by th« glow of a sni. ' .e),ar- inside the gorge, and Mi es - )0Ee ing to hoist his ghost " 1 d by a a sudden savage roai, heavy thud. in a "The tiger, baas, said NoW thrilling whisper, "he hut. they will find you liate QThe guards, were calling » other, and a second later, the 1- , rifle rang up the valley 'beh. d., Miles lifted his rifle, the h_ and fluttered like some giant ® " urdii„g Hans emitted a long, low. Mo , g howl, terminating in h i nvd roared fore he had finished the yjleS I again, and amid this awful d.n of thfiiivlne V itcplfa lDe o£ the guards-" . fcnfl into together, ana stooS peer- P gs.trus-."-'. I fCKrssEN fSSKLtf P0? Xfpressed back against thfe fired, thee Hans howled again, rock. anff tjj a fiendish laugh. This finishing off" for tjie superstitious jras too m a yell o( terror they Arabs, and rifles Hans went fied' Stag hideously, and Miles fol- LTf run. once out of the ravine !0W Sed to listen, ana they could H ibey ,1 terrified guards still flying and fiear the tei ae prophet, lotag through the gorge came I 2 clamour of the armed mob behind. I 'Without a-onT' Hans stooped and I Ti Allies' right foot, then the left, I finaHy smacking his own bare fee H St" lie cried, "this way," and H , ? n to the right, where the sides I Mhe vaflev sloped at an easy gradient. ev -nt at their best speed until vol t hp top was reached Miles stopped S'S. — I volume of noise increasing to a perfect I fiTiadid you do to my feet?" -They will loose the tiger just now, and I smeared Arab grease on so he will ujjss the spoor. Hear, baas, the tiger, iireadv he is loose." . The crv of the fierce brute, this time H more of a scream than a roar, rose high H above the other sounds, and Miles needed no other spur, hut dashed on after the _ , „-i,n turned sliartoly tO the MOUCUIVM " ,, « ri"ht. Another desperate burst through tliorlis, which lacerated their skins, H brought them to a wall of rock. " ' „we must climb," said Hans, breath- jfgsij-, as he moved about feeling the H rocks' "Here is a spot," he said, and i;jy ftiugsjled up a narrow cleft, eluteh- fiercely, with their teeth shut, and H trusting blindly to luck to bring them H cut to a firmc-r footing. Safely, however, they surmounted the obstacle, and threw I lhe'mselves on a level stone to regain I their wind. Then a savage cry from out H ill "itch darkness belo_w, accompanied H by yells from human throats almost as I fierce, spurred them on once more, but this time their way lay through dense wood, and they had to go slow, but as they struggled on, the noise of the chase died out. "Good!" said the Hottentot, "they have H gone down the river;" and they went on I more quietly for an hour, when they struck a small stream, and Hans sat down. I "We can sleep now, sieur. Mawoh. Pat was well done." I "Do you know where we are?" I "We are near the place we left just I low." I "Not in the valley again?" I "Noh, baas, no; on the rock above. See, they will not think we have turned I back, hut will go on. Oh, yes, I have I made that plan long time — if I get out- side the place — to climb back to the top. Hans is a slim" (sly) "kerei. Sleep, my baas; when the light comes they will seek for spoor, and we must have all eyes open." The old fellow hereupon doubled him- self up in some garment he had snatched I tip at the last moment before the flight, I and was soon asleep. Miles, however, I sat clutching his rifle and listening to I the faint far-off murmur of the hunt, before he snatched a few hours' sleep. They were afoot again before the early dawn, and when the sun had been an Lour up they had placed several miles I between them and their enemies, though the course taken naturally led them deeper into the. country. I (To be Continued.) I "Until I met you, Matilda," he mur- I inured in a voice husky with emotion, "I I believed that all women were deceitful; but when 1 look into your clear, beautiful I eyes, I behold there the very soul of can- I flour and loyalty." "George," she ex- I Claimed with enthusiasm, "this is the I happiest moment I have known since I ,,Tapa loo't me t the London oculist" I London oculist?" "Yes, dear; you never I Qu'd have known that my left eye is a I ? i ?le" Then the m00n went under I 1,1 anfl George sat fiown aU(j buried I e i'1 ihe sofa cushion. 