AAGýITNING BUG-. On a pleatsnt. bright June evening they ýC gplrn kinj h'h dn In lLd In the park. 3d rb r yuobýand beltiful. The gfrl t was leaning Jdr'head ooi shoulder, he *stoopini.?fro.himo to tim for thepurpose P btf pesdity1-lls warm lipsaioherlight hair, 'platfllfcombed overber fpehead. Around A and above them the bran? formed dark walls and thick arches, through which penetrated the rays oa the golden eyes of 'the stars or a light breeze of the evening, bringing with it the sweet aroma of jas mine and llies. They were walking silently, with the slow and lazy stop of the enamored, who would like to have the promenade In the pleasant summer night prolonged indefi nitely. Their thoughts, without words, met each other involuntarily, accom plished by warm pressing of hands. Suddenly in the thickets among the fragrant jasmines a vibrating light ap peared, followed by another, then by a third, still clearer, and finally winged, greenish swarms of sparks surrounded. a'Y?ookl Tbe lightning bugsl" "How pretty, mysterious and light!" "They are vibrating as an inexplicable word of love, and they are burning as passion breaking its ties." C "Look This one is hanging upon your forehead; that one is your guiding star." "And the other above shines greenish, like your eyes when you are cross. I would like, my only one, to make of these stars an aureole about your light head." A silvery laugh spread itself in the se- D eluded path. "And it seems to me It is the third not of 'Robert the Devil.' The penitent souls D are burning. We arewalking in the cem etory." "No; this is not a cemetery. It is the summit of life and earthly happiness. I love you l" And he stopped in order that in the dark he might read from the light of her shining eyes a cordial answer. They were much In love with each oth- G er, faithfully and sincerely. Their young hearts and desiring mouths were joined C together, not merely by momentary ex citement of passion or by hallucination of feverish imagination. She, in order to G come down to him, overcamoe a great many prejudices and the judgment of caste; he captured her by a strong and persevering G will; she endeared his ideals; he made known to her all his beliefs, and while she, from his eyes and mouth, guessed a and became acquainted with the truth of life, he, following on her face the offects and emotions, became closely united to her G In thought and feeling, and gently whis pered: "You are minei" J Both were young yet and had gone through a fleroe trial of separation and pain, she loving with that full, sweet hu- K mility of a woman who would bury her self in ashes under the feet of her lover, he with heart overflowing with manly pride K that in this passionately desired being he found thought and soul entirely in sym pathy with his own. L They went farther, silently, in the mys- - terious shadows of the walk, but involun- L tarily the memory of the cemetery, as it were, caused between them a shadow of. L sorrow and thought, the cloud which, even under the melting influence of the words," "I love you," did not want to disappear. L Death is stronger than love, and lonell ness deeper than halipincss. 'They went farther, looking at the phosphorlo sparks , 1 The girl suddenly lifted her head and whispered softly: "Do you know that this moment the reminiscence of a woman whom you have loved once stands between us? Is it not h .She divined.' She wnso acustomed .to thinking and feeling in harmony with him. At once, by intuition, she came up on the faco of a person unknown to her, a stiranger of rival thought. Ho shivered, D embraced her more tightly and stood still for awhile. "Let's go farther," she said. ' "Listen. I will tell you all." "Why, I love you and believe." "Liston. Between us there is this one I last secret troubling, annoying my mind as a nightmare, and I shall not rid myself, of this pale ghost of the faraway past un less I tell you all" "Did you love her?" she asked, with a nervous vibration of voieo. "She was handsome as a Greek cameo and always smiling as a goddess of happi-: noes. She was curious, proud, passionate, of an artistil nature. She fascinated me,' drew me to her, intoxicated me. When T she took in her white, cold hands my head, my temples burned, and when she sang' in the voice of a siren I felt that my will, and strength were failing." "Did you love her?" asked the girl nerv ously. "It seemed to me that her love must be' the greatest happiness on earth, and that I would then give my life to guess the conundrum of her deep, black eyes." "Look," said he, after awhile, as if" gathering his thoughts and showing her the lighted, shining and moving mass in, the thicket, "and listen to the reminis-. cences of the long gone years of my child hood. I was for the first time in the country, and for the first time, on a warm evening, I saw lightning bugs shining. with a sharp, greenish light in the dark thicket of the park. Child of the city, ex cited by unacuonstomed sight, I chased the moving light and wished to possess such a star, to look at it while it was near and' to take it for my own. A chase was made, and one of the handsomest bugs was tightly shut in glass. Charmed, I took my treasure, placed it in my room near my bed, and in the night I dreamed of a gigantio sun throwing light on all the _the and thickets of the garden. "In the morning I was awakened by the first rays of dawn. I looked at once in the direction of the glass palace; but, in iteed of the imprisoned star, there appear ed to me-only a miserable, blaok" "But she, thewomanwhomyouloved?" ae4 the girl impatiently. w'he was an enchantress, with the voice siren an artist by blood $nd flesh, a t eed and tempting problembut only the twilight of our mysterious love, in. = overheated, sick and languid imagi t~on of mind. Her Greek profile and e of a sphinx needed an unnatural Sand sparkling animation, an artifl pr. In the usual surroundings, in h of day and truth of life, strong ineero sentiments, sacrifices and pity, _ only a black bug." od over, and in dumb and warm he pressed her hands to his lips.' SOare crylsg, miy dear. Why? In _.you love and believe?" " was silent awhile, then answered -ha hearty vibration of pity in her. r pity the dark bug. Perhaps-per b~pei also hasi a soul "Exchange. It any of the perfume factories of uo'h . Europe only the purest olive oil is. used in b?ns the perfames of flowers. .1. · 