k W0pEBFiiL;WOMAI;l OR, . j THE DAiNGERFJELD MYSTERY. | : By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Captain O'Donnell walked on to the town lost in thought.- The ghost of Sir Peter was a riddle he could not reach At length he reached the churchyard of Castleford. Then he suddenly paused. .A man and a woman were standing just by the gate, screened from the view of passengers by the elms that waved above it. Even at that distance he recognised the woman's figure— it was not to be mis taken — it was Miss Herncastie. Fate seemed to take a malicious pleasure in throwing him across her path, in fore- dcoming him to play the spy. A.s the thought crossed his mind the two turned, and he saw that the face of the man was that 'of an Utter stranger. He saw their faces clearly as they turn ed from the gate and appproacbed him. In the profound silence the last words Of Miss Herncastie, in her rich, sweet, full tone's, came to him : "You must go back, Henry, and at once — to-night. That you have been at Castleford at au will cause talk enough." Their lianas ciasped. The man mur- n l el earnestly, in too low a or i i Pa i Miss Herncastle's cl io e i led: i— ip now, afLer all I I s t I ill have worked so hard i an I have done already ? .Never: you should know me better than tliat. The first instalment of my re- ' venge I have nati. What I have sworn I wul do: tnen. I care little what comes, dood night, my kind, my faithful friend — go back to London at once." She pulled a thick veil she wore over her face, and walked away, with her own rapid, resolute step. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes; then he disap peared in the gloaming. And Captain O'Donnell! He stood like one petrified. Who was Miss Herncastie? He gianc- j eel at the grave and the grey stone gleam ing in the moon-rays that told of the le gend of .Katherine Dangerfield's death. If Katherine Dangerfie-ld were dead — if — what reason had he to doubt it? And yet! — and yet! — his blue eyes flashed, his Sips set, his face grew like iron with the sudden, stern resolve. "I'll get at the bottom of this juggling. I'll find out who you are, my mysterious Miss Herncastie. I'll find out whether it .was Katherine Dangerfield's ghost Sir Peter saw under the King's Oak, or — a living woman!" CHAPTER XXV".— THE STORY OF THE IVORY MINIATURE, In the evening, at Scars wood, Miss Herncastie was seated with Sir Arthur Tregenna in a window recess of the 'drawingroom. the lady embroidering at her frame, the gentleman watching the the clear-cut profile as it bent over the work, the long, white, swift fingers, and neither talking much. "How hard you work, Miss Hern castie,'" remarked Lord R u ys la.n d , b L-r n d - ly, his lordship having crossed the- room (to join the baronet and his companion; "you put us idle people to shame. Is Sir 'Arthur taking lessons in needlework ? I hope you find him an apt pupil, my dear young lady?" Sir Arthur colored, partly with an noyance, partly with a sense of compunc tion. " Latterly it had begun to dawn up on him that his mission to Scarswood had not been fulfilled — that he had not asked Lady Cecil Clive to be his wife. — She must ihave known what brought him down — she must have known what had been on his lips that night when M-iss Hern castie entered the boudoir. " Miss Herncastie smiled, perfectly un embarrassed, and reached over for the 'dainty little basket that held her flosses and laces. Either by accident or design, the earl never knew which, the little bas ket upset, and flosses and laces fell in a shining heap at the earl's feet. Some thing else fell, too— a square, hard sub stance, that flashed in the light. . Sir Arthur picked up the basket and fancy work, his lordship the square substance. (What was it? ' A portrait — an old-fash- Soned ivory miniature, beautifully paint ed, and set in a jewelled frame. His eyes fell upon it. and a sudden stillness of great surprise came over him from head to foot; then he turned round, and looked Miss Herncastie full in the face. She met his gaze with calm composure, and reached out her hand. "My favorite souvenir," she said.- "I hope it is not injured. How stupid of me to upset the basket! Thanks, my lord." But my lord still held the ivory minia ture — still looked at Miss Herncastie. "I beg your pardon," he said, in an al tered voice; "it sounds very impertinent, but I must ask you where you got this." Miss Herncastie looked surprised. "That— that picture, my lord? Oh , Thereby hangs a tale.' Do you know who it is?" "Miss Herncastie, do you?" '"No; and I have the greatest curiosity on the subject. That picture came into miy possession in the most accidental manner, and for the past six years I have been trying to discover its owner, but as ryet I have not succeeded. Her name was Mrs Vavasor." "Mrs Vavasor! I knew more than one Mrs Vavasor, but none of them in the least likely to possess this picture." "You knew the original of that picture, Ithen, my lord?" "Undoubtedly, Miss Herncastie. The "original of this picture is Major Lionel iCardonnell, my late wife's only brother, at present in Quebec. May I, in turn, in .quire who was Mrs Vavasor, and how she came to be possesses of this?" Pie was watching her — vague, strange suspicions afloat in his mind. From first to last she was a strange, mysterious trem ui c i ins g > , i,( v?, an aicwvbo. teemed f anViud i e> ic re 101. of 1" b o i' in aw - j ' -i . i- i t ) _c:;id urn clixiv . Mj-1 1 > n t L lift- is ni'i'i ' w £ e eirili h <. cm oL n uoi s ;uti /Lade. "Two questions, my lord, which, unfor tunately, I am incapable of answering. Six years ago I made the acquaintance Of Mrs Vavasor. We became very friend ly, not to the point of intimacy, though, sand one day she took away an old In dian casket of mine well, we will say by mistake. Subsequently I recovered it, and in it discovered that portrait. The following day she departed to France, and (under these circumstances I kept the pic ture until she could send for it. She never did send for it, and I have never met her since. I never heard the name of the gentleman whose likeness it was until to day." She threaded her needle, and placidly Went on with her work. The earl listen ed in profound silence. It sounded plaus ible enough, and yet he did not believe a word of it; but, then, he was prejudiced against Miss Herncastie. He banded it back to her. and rose. "What was your Mrs Vavasor like, Miss Herncastie?" "She was a little, dark woman, 'of French, extraction, I believe, in spite of ber English name, with black eyes and ihair, and an incessant smile. As a rule, jpeople called her very pretty. Her Chris tian name was Harriet." z " Harriet ? Yes — I see — I see. It was Harriet Lelacheur, to a dead certainty- Mrs Harman, rather, under an alias," he imuttered to himself. "I thought so from the first. I thought her dead years go." ; Pie sauntered away. Sir Arthur in turn took the ivory miniature and gazed 3 at it. I "Did you know Major Carclonjxell, Sir $ Arthur? But I suppose you must have 3 been too young.'' | "No; I never saw Lionet Cardonnell," 9 the baronet said. "I heard the story of- 9 ten, though. Very handsome face, is it | not? Much handsomer than that of the j late Countess of Ruysland, and yet like | her too." j "You knew the countess?" J " Certainly not. The Countess of I Ruysland died before her daughter J was -a week old, but I have often seen her picture. Lady Cecil wears one, and there is a large painting at Clive Court." "Dees Lady Cecil resemble her mother? If so, her mother must cer tainly have been very beautiful." "She does not in the least resemble her mother — nor her father either, as you may see — nor any relative of the Clive or Cardonnell families. Miss Herncastie, will you thank it strange if I tell you that you resemble at times, in the most sin gular manner. Lady Ruysland?" "Impossible, Sir Arthur." "It is perfectly true. .His lordship saw the resemblance the first evening- he met you." Her self-coramand was wonderful, but the filmy web of flossy lace dropped sud denly in her lap. Then her soft, musi cal laugh chimed on the stillness, her smiling face turned to him once more." " Another unaccountable resem- . blance," she said. "Really, Sir Arthur, I begin to think I must, be a most ab normal sort 'of person. I startle poor, nervous Sir Peter by my real or fancied resemblance to a young lady relative of bis de-ad and gone — I startle the earl by my resemblance to bis late wife. I | wonder, now, whose' double I shall find myself next?" "It is odd," Sir Arthur answered, look- ( ing at her gravely. "Your resemblance to the late Miss Katherine Dangerfield must be very stinking indeed, Mr Tal bot, of Morecambe, is almost as much impressed by it as Sir Peter. Your like- j ness to Lady Ruysland'-s portrait is only | seen at times, and then not very strong ly. Still it is there." "And this handsome young officer is Lady Ruysland's brother? There are reasons, not easily to be explained, con- hected with Mrs Vavasor that make me extremely desirous to know all I can of her antecedents. Was this gentleman — so greatly above her in rank as he must have been — really her lover?" "Mrs Vavasor ? But you forget, Mass Herncastie, I do not know your Mrs Va vasor. Lionel Cardonnell has -not set foot in England for five-and-twenty years. Your Mrs Vavasor may have known him out in Canada." " No," M-iss Herncastie replied, " I fancy not. She knew ham in England, and very loiag ago. Her maiden name was Harriet Lelacheur." " Oh," cried Sir .Arthur, a new light of intelligence breaking over him, "Har riet Lelacheur! Then it is quite clear, of course. And you knew Mrs Pfarman, did you, Miss Herncastie?" "I have met her. She called herself Mrs Vavasor though— a false name, pos sibly?" "Or possibly she married again after R-arman's death. Well, Miss Hern castie, concerning Cardonnell — he was her lover," replied the baron ei, "And would have been her husband if ho could — is that true, Sir Arthur?" "Perfectly true, I believe." "Lady Paaysland — his sister — carried her off to some lonely place on the Cor nish coast, and imprisoned her there while he exchanged into a regiment or dered to Canada," pursued Miss Hern castie. "Again, quite true. ' I see she has been making you her confidant." "l't was a fortunate escape for Major Cardonnell: he has reason to congratu late himself and thank his sister's clever strategy. By the way, though, Lady Ruysland and Her ex-waiting maid must have been re- couched after wards from what I.- heard the latter say." She was working industriously once more. The Cornish baronet was watch ing her. "They did. My lady, by way of re compense, I suppose, dowered her wait ing maid, and married her to a. trades man of the place — his name -was Har man. He died before the first year of his married life had expired, leaving his young wife, and a babe of a fortnight old. Of course, of all this I know noth ing personally — I have heard my poor father though, and Lord Ruysland speak of it so often that it seems familiar to me as a household word." "And Lady Ruysland came to the aid of her servant again, I suppose, in her hour of widowhood and adversity? She was noble in that at least." "She was noble in all things," Sir Ar thur answered. "It was a loyal and generous nature, but witfta a passionate pride, a fiery temper, a latent jealousy, and recklessness that have wrecked many a noble nature before. It is not a pleasant story, Miss Herncastie, but at least it is no secret. She flew to her humble friend, not to succor, but for shelter." "For shelter," Miss Herncastie re peated, looking at him steadily, " and died in her arms." "Ah, you know the story- Yes, in that humble cottage, with only her old servant by her side, poor, passionate, er ring- Lady Ruysland died. She was in sanely jealous — who is to tell with or without cause? — of one who had been her rival years before — younger, fairer than herself, as highly born, but poor. His lordship was -absent in Italy — rumor said to be near her. Very likely rumor erred, as it usually does ; at least her ladyship believed it, and on the ma'ht of the earl's r tu n \iolen scene n uet He left her an high anger — bitter words had passed — and in the frenzv of her rage and jealousy she fled. Next morn- p px1(? i i a \ | J u tin v !r !ii 1 t i \ rn hlud m r ci i i Cl f ( i" I r.-> \j H m r | his lordship. dai h J 1 t i I t w iM v.'a.s dead: once more tne en. 1 r a Miss Hernuv,., ,ap. jtie-r eves were dilated, fixed on his face: her lips were breathless and -apart m the intensity of her interest. Her death was a terrible blow to him— for a time. Clive Court was shut up, Mrs Harman was handsomely pension ed, and the baby, Lady Cecil, left with her. "For two years Lord Ruysland was absent; then a letter from Mrs Harman recalled him. She was of French ex traction, and had taken a sudden fancy to visit her relations in Paris— would his lordship come and take his little daugh ter, and let her go? He returned -to England, received Lady Cecil from her hands, placed her with some relatives in a remote part of England to grow up, and returned to his wandering life. Mrs Harman left England with her daughter, and I fancy the Earl never heard of her from that day to this, until he chanced to see his brother-in-law's picture a few moments ago.'v' . Miss Herncastie now rose from her seat, and as she got up, for the first time in the. baronet's experience of her, held out her hand as she said good night. "You have done me a great favor to night, Sir Arthur," she said, "greater tli-an you know. Let me thank you, and —good night." He looked up at her in surprise. She smiled — a strange, exultant sort of smile — looking, not at him, but across the room, at the figures of the Earl of Ruysland and the Lady Cecil Clive. 1 Long after, ho had reason to know what the strange and triumphant smile meant. You may understand some da;.", Sir Arthur, and sooner' tS?raiajP you think. Once more, good night." With the words she was gone. He watched the tall, commanding figure as it swept across the room and disappear ed. Miss Herncastie went up to her room, but not to bed. She sat down by the j open window, a starry light in her eyes, I almost a flush of color on her marble I face. "At last — at last!" she said, "my hour has come! I have heard all I wanted to hear. I see my way clear to the end now!" CHAPTER XXVI.— THE SCAR ON TEMPLE. Miss Herncaste had walked into Cas tleford to post a priva te letter of her own. She returned as the stable clock was striking six, and, as she walked up tke avenue, came face to face with Sir Peter and Captain O'Donnell. The little cowardly baronqt had been seized with a sudden and great fancy for the tall, soldierly, fearless Irishman. O'Donnell suited him exactly. He had not a grain of fear in his nature, he had a cool head, a steady nerve, and he was intensely interested in Sir Peter's affair of the ghost. O'Donnell had taken it up, had promised to investigate, did not believe it was a ghost, and Sir Petei breathed again. Both , gentlemen bowed to the pale, tired-looking governess. The baronet turned round, and looked darkly and sus piciously after her. i "Where has she been now?" he asked distrustfully. "What do all these long, solitary rambles mean? Don't you see the likeness, O'Donnell, to the picture or Katherine. Dangerfield? You must be blind if you do not." "Oh, I see a certain likeness," O'Don nell repeated, "but laothing so marked as to be terrifying. By-the-by, I was examining- the photograph with a mag nifying glass, and I discovered a mark or scar of some kind on the left, side of the face right above the temple. Now, had Katherine Dangerfield a birthmark there, or anything of the sort?" "The line you saw was the scar of a wound that came pretty near ending her life. On tlae voyage out to India her nurse let her fall out of her arms; she struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave herself a horrible gash just above the temple. I saw the scar a hundred times; it wasn't very disfiguring, and she never tried to conceal it. A white triangular scar, that used to turn lividly red when she got angry." O'Donnell listened thoughtfully. "Humph!" he said, "a scar like that it would be impossible ever to obliterate, even had she lived to be eighty. By the way, you told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think — a doctor, who afterwards removed to London? Do you know if this man still lives?" "I know nothing- about him; but there is no reason to suppose he does not." "Was his Christian name Henry?" "Yes; Henry Otis, that was his name." '"Was he tall, spare, light-haired, very sallow complexion, with a stoop?" "Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen him — you describe him exactly?" "1 think I have. And she died in his house, and was buried from it, you say? How long after did he leave Castleford for London?" " I don't rein ember exactly — some months, I think. There were peo ple who said he had fallen in love with Katherine, and was miser able -here after her death. S-he was | buried -from bis house, and he erected I that stone to her memory. Then he I took his mother away, and went up to London." "He and his mother kept a servant, I suppose? Now, if the servant who liv ed with them at the time of Katherine Dangerfield's death be still alive, it strikes me I should like to see tlhalt ser vant. One question more, Sir Peter, on another subject. Do you Inrow a place some three miles from here — a dismal, lonely sort of house, called Bracken Hollow?" "Certainly I know Bracken Ho-llow." His voice dropped to a whisper, and he glanced half- feai-fully around. "W-Iiq in Castleford does not? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollow is a haunted house." "Who lives at Bracken Hollow?" " An old woman named Hannah G-owa-n. She was Katherine Banger- field's nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Brack en Hollow." "Whe — w— w — w O'Do.nnell's low, shrill whistle pierced the quiet air. Katherine Dangerfield's nurse! By George! that accounts " He stop ped. Sir Peter looked at him, all his never- ending suspicions and fears aroused. "Accounts for what?" O'Donnell halted in his slow walk, a,nd laid his hand confidentially on the sho-ulder <of the baronet, and looked calmly down into his little wizen face. "Sir Peter/' he said, gravely, "a light is beginning to dawn upon me — the mys teries are lifting slowly, but, I think, surely. As certain as we both live, this strange mystery shall be sifted to the bottom, and the ghost of Scarswood, the ghost of Bracken Hollow, exorcised! Now I am going away by myself to think." And he turned and strolled off, leaving the petrified little baronet standing un der the lime trees, tlae picture of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the young Irishman passed was the library; its windows stood wide open on the lawn: it looked cool and dark and deserted — a suitable place to think an. He stepped an. let the sea-green cur tains fall a,am, fluaag himself into a d jj i T a 11 l j i his p k r.s, I r i ) v it? i \ t ow j » /) t rv S Cut bat. t I una f 1 t cc ni e\ es j f lit i i ei aa ri nd at wa not j I f o i mi hat n v a not. a: one: tne hbrarv haa auot-ner occupant — xnat occupant Miss Herncastie— Miss Herncastie asleep. She had removed her hat — one hand pillowed her head — her face, with the ngnt iuu upon it, was turned towards him. And in her 'sleep she dreamed, fo-r her bro-ws were contracted, her lips moved. She looked fairer in her slum ber than he had ever thought her awake. Who was she? A strange -woman, surely — a wonderful woman, if the dim, mysterious suspicions adrift in hi-s mind were right. Who was she? An inspiration came to him — an in spiration that lifted him from his chair to ibis feet, that caught his breath for one breathless moment. The scar on Katherine Dangerfield's temple! He hardly knew what he suspected as yet. wild, improbable, impossible things: and yet he did suspect. Now, if ever, was the time to end all suspicions and test the truth. Miss Herncastie wore her black hair nearly down to her eyebrows; what easier than now to lift one of these shining waves, and look at t-he left temple — it was the side of the face uppermost. He advanced — hesitated. Something in her helplessness, in the sac- redness of sleep, appealed to his strength and his manhood, and held him back. It seem ed a dastardly deed — to do while she slept what he dared not do awake. And yet it was his only chance. "I may he judging her cruelly, shame fully," he thought; "if the' sear is not there I ail), Fo-r her .own sake I will f look." ) He drew near — -lie stooped over the j sleeping- fc-rm; very gently he lifted the I black waves of hair that covered forehead | and temple. A full and noble brow he saw it was those hands of dead, dark hair hid. Lifted off, -it altered her won derfully. made her ten times more like the portrait of the dead girl. He glanc ed at the temple. Good Heaven! Yes, there was the livid triangular soar Sir Peter Danger- 1 field had described just above the tem ple. He let the hair dro-p — he absolutely reeled for a second, and grasped a chair. He stood there for a few moments thun derstruck, spellbound, looking down at her, and then drawing a deep breath, softly left the room (To be Continued.) 