CHAPTEII XLIV.-WHAT SCRIM LITTON SAW. Thc door of Broceo HoU6e banging luudly behind the terrified Calvert waa beard by Scrib Litlou, aa well as by A4U2. As bas been said, the boy was too much concerned at the loss of the money to ¡sleep soundly. ile lay on his bcd tossing restlessly to and fro in a half dreamy state, from which ho was first housed by thc sound of a wild scream that seemed to come from thc old wing. Jumping up ho listened intently. Sotneono came hurriedly from Kriuk's room and dashed down thc hall. There waa a quick withdrawing of bolts, and then thc door opeucd aud wus closed ugain with a crash that shook the house. Thc boy ran to the window hurriedly, but aB it looked it) thc direction of Sheffield, and Calvert bad gone thc other way, he saw nothing of bim. Wondering whoever could bo the person who wu9 leaving the house at euell a time and in such a inuuncr bc waited and listened long. He could, however, hear nothing further, and by and by he began to think tho whole alarm was some Treal; of the imagination, brought about by his troubles of the previous night. Whether this were thc case ar no he was ut length impelled by cold and weariness to creep back to bed once more, and sleep came at last. On this night, however, he was fated to get no rest. It seemed as though he had barely closed bis eyes when be was once agaiu called back to wakefulness by the noiso of someone trying the door. Ile sprang up in bed nt once, and listened with some fear. Things had liad gone wrong in some way, that was certain. Kriuk must have got quite drunk and have left thc door open to the thieves of whom lie pretended to live in constant terror. Scrib shivered as bc thoughtof thc possible results of auch u piece of carelessness, and he was too much frightcacd to make thc least souud as the latch of tho door clicked again and agaiu. It was fortunate that he bad bolted it on thc night before, and as tbiB door was, like ntl thc others in Broceo House, of a stroug and sub- stantial make, he felt fairly coulideut that he was quite safe from thc intruder, whoever bc might bc. After several ineffectual attempts he lind thc satisfaction of bearing thu person move slowly and quietly away, muttering, in low tones, words that were partly inaudible. The . footsteps went towards thc Iront door and pre- sently Scrib could tell that thc two largospring locks were being drawn back. After that there was silence, broken shortly after by tho sound of someone BhufOing heavily dowu thc gravel path. Thc lad darted quickly to thc window, and peered anxiously out. As he did so there carno slowly in sight thc form of a tall, old man, whose thin garment shook in tho keen morning wind, and whose long white bair mid beard streamed down on his breast aud shoulders. Scrib stared at him amazedly. Thc bright moonlight shone on his thin, sharp features, his bloodless checks and wild, wide opcu eyes, as bc turned and looked with curious gaze upon thc outside of thc building ho had just left. With a peculiar gesture he had raised his skinny huuds and moved them to and fro before him UH though to indicate the position of door aud windows. Then hu wheeled about, and with the like motions iuspoctcd the garden, pointing nut to himself with evident satisfaction tho walks, thc wall», the di iff rc nt trees and Bhrubs, and finally thc great iron gate that stood wide open, as though inviting him to step outside. He moved quietly towards it, pausiug now and then to examine the appearance of thc bouse, and to inhale the fresh morning air. Reaching thc gate at length, he turned for thc last time to the building, and raisc-d Iiis hand to his head, as though to takcolflus hat to il: ; for the first time, Scrib could see it by his surprised look, he learned thal bis head was uncovered. With an odd gesture, half comical, half pitiful, bc lifted both bands und stroked down the thin, while locks, and, Btill in this posture, turned through thc gateway and waa gone. What to make of it all tho lad knew not. Tlc pinched himself to hu quite sure ho was a wu. icc, for the whole circumstances seemed f<>r more dreamlike than reub Quite couvinccd, however, by thc painfulness of his test as to thcirrcality,ho debated wi tb himself thecoursc he should lake. He finally came to the con- clusion that he could do nothing to clear up tho mystery until Kriuk made ids usual appearance at breakfast in the morning, and li i ii g arrived at this conclusion lay down once more to wait with what patience bc might thc coming of that time. During tho whole of this period, and for hours after, Bold Krinlc, his feta inside tho fender, lits head beuealb thc table, had slept nu, all unconscious of eveuts around him. How long he might have continued in this blitibful state cannot be said, li IL. I no interrup- tion taken place; but lie was at length distuibed from it by a continuous kicking and knocking at his door. Silting up mi ihe hearthrug he rubbed his eyes amazedly, lt wus broad daylight. Hu endeavoured tn recall |I{R scattered SCUBCB, but the noise at bis dour, which ecaeed uot for a minute, bewildered him completely. He spraug lo his feet furiously, and rushed to the door. " What tho devil's al! this row about?" he cried, flinging it open, to Uni! young .Scrib in front of it willi hcurcd and excited face. "Ob, Krink, you're there, arc you V I'm so glad ! 1 thought they'd murdered you." " YCB, 1 um here, you lillie imp! What d'ycr mean by yer impcruncc? I'll murder you if you kicks up that row 'ere. Think it's a bloomin' carpenter's shop, ch ?" " Thou why didu't you wake up ?" answered the lad angrily, " Who's ii goin' to do with- out breakfast till ten o'clock ? I ain't. I oughtcr bin down at Mr. Kennett's hy now for my lessins. This is sumniiu' day, too, un' I shall miss half on 'cm." "Ten o'clock !" cried Kritik, drawing out his watch, and eyeing it intently. " Why, it's on'v two by this joker, 1 must ha' forgot to wind 'im up." "I'm afraid you forgot a lot of things, Krink," said Scrib. " There's bin sonic body knockin' about the place all night long. I never was so scared in all my life. It's bin like a ghost show. When I came out'n my room this inorniu' thc front door was wide open, an' the wind blowiu' the snow in like anythin,' an' I-" "The front door wide open?" queried Krink in Hwful tonos. " Thc front door wide opeu ? Herc's the keys of thc cupboard, my lad ; go you an' git thc breakfast ready. I've some husincss on hand. Very important busi- ness, too," he added in an undertone as the boy wont. " I've got to knock my brains out, mid then hangmyscl' !" 