CHAPTER UL We left Finster St. Mabyn's towards the middle of July. Nothing worth recording happened during . the last few weeks. If the ghostly drama were still re-enacted, night after n-lght, or only during some portion of each month, we took care not to assist afc the perform- ance. I believe Phil and Nugent planned another vigil, but gave it up by my father's expressed wish, and on one pretext or an- other he managed to keep the gallery locked up without arousing any suspicion in my mother or Sophy, or any of our visitors. It was a cold summer - those early months of it at least-and that made it easier to avoid the room. Somehow none of us were sorry to go. This was natural, so far as several were concerned, but rather curious as regarded those of the family who knew no drawback to the charms of the place. I suppose it was due to some instinctive consciousness of the inflnence which so many of the party had felt it im possible to resist or explain. And the Rectory at Raxtrew was really a dear little place. It was so bright and open and sunny. Donny's pale face was rosy with pleasure the first afternoon when be came rushing in to tell us that there were tame rabbits and a pair of guinea pigs in an otherwise empty loose box in the stable yard. " Do come and look at them," he begged, and I went with him, pleased to see him so happy. I did not care for the rabbits, but I always think guinea-pigs rather fascin- ating, and we stayed playing with them some little time. " I'll show you another way back to the house," said Donny, and he led me through a conservatory into a large, almost unfi- nished room, opening again into a tiled passage leading to the offices. '.'This is the Warden boys' playroom," he said. " They keep their cricket and football things here, you see, and their tricycle. I wonder if I might use it?" " We must write and ask them," I said. " But what are all these big packages J went on. "Oh, I see, it's our heavy luggage from Finster. There is not room in this house for our odds and ends of fur- niture, I suppose. L's rather a pity they have put it in here, for we could have had some nice games in this big room on a wet day, and see, Dormy, here are several pairs of roller skates ! Oh, we must have this place cleared." We spoke to father about it-he came and looked at the room and agreed with us that it would be a pity not to have the full use of it. Roller skating would be good exercise for Dormy, he said, and even for Nat, who would be joining us before long for his holidays. So our big cases, and the chairs and tables we had boueht from Hunter, in their careful swathings of wisps and matting were carried out to an empty barn-a per- fectly dry and weather-tight barn - for everything at the Rectory was in exe ellent repair, in this, as in all other details, our uew quarters were a complete contrast to the picturesque abode we had just quitted. The weather was charming for the first two or three weeks-much wanner and sunnier than at Finster. We all enjoyed it. and seemed to breathe more freely. Miss Larpent, who was staying through the holidays this year, and 1 congratulated each other more than once, when sure of not being overheard, on the cheerful, wholesome atmosphere in which we found ourselves. " I do not think 1 shall ever w ish to live in a very old house ¡again." she said one day. We were in the play-room, and 1 had been persuading her to try her hand- or feet-at roller skating. " Even now," she went on, " I own to you. Leila, though it may sound very weak-minded, I cannot think of that horrible night without a shiver. Indeed," she went on, " I could fancy I feel that thrill of indescribable cold 'at the present moment.\ She was shivering-and, extraordinary to relate, as she spoke, her tremor com- municated itself to me. Again, I could swear to it, again I felt that blast of un- utterable, unearthly cold. I started up. We were seated on a bench against the wall-a bench belonging to the play-room, and which we had not thought of removing, as a few seats were con- venient. Miss Larpent caught sight of my face. Her own, which was very white, grew dis- tressed in expression. She grasped my arm. .' My dearest child," she exclaimed, " you look blue, and your teeth are chattering. I do wish I had not alluded to that fright we had. I had no idea you were so nervous." " I did not know it myself," I replied. ' I often think of the Finster ghost quite calmly, even in the middle of the night. But just then, Miss Larpent, do you know I really felt that horrid cold again !" " So did I-or rather my imaginations did," she replied, trying to talk in a matter of-fact way. She got up as she spoke and went to the window. " It can't ba all imagination," she added. " See, Leila, what a gusty, stormy day it, is-not like the beginning of August. It really is cold." " And this play-room seems nearly as draughty as the gallery at Finster," I said. " Don't let us stay hore-come into the drawing-room and play some duets. I wish we could «mite forget about Fin- ster." " Dormy has done so, I hope, said Miss Larpent. That chilly morning was the commence- ment of the real break-up in the weather. We women would not have minded it so much, as there are always plenty of indoor things we can find to do. And my two grown-up brothers were away. Raxtrew held no particular attractions for them, and Phil wanted to see some of our numerous relations before he returned to India. So he and Nugent started on a round of visits. Hut, unluckily, it was the beginning of the public school holidays, and poor Nat-the fifteen-yoars- old boy had just joined us. It was very disappoint- ing to him in more ways than ono. He bad set his heart on seeing Finster, im- pressed by our enthusiastic description of it when we first went there, and now his anticipations had to come down to a com- paratively tame and uninteresting village, and every probability-so said the wise \- of a stretch of rainy, unsummerlike weather. Nat is a good-natured, cheery fellow, however-not nearly as clever or as im- pressionable as Dormy, but with the same common sense. So he wisely determined to make the best of things, and as we were all sorry for him, he did not, after all, come oft' very badly. His principal amusement was roller- skating in the play-room. Dormy had not taken to it in the same way-the greater part of his time was spent with the rabbits and guinea-pigs, where Nat. when ho him- self had had skating enough, was pretty sure to find him. I suppose it is through being the eldest sister that it always seems my fate to re- ceive the confidences of the rest of the family, and it was about this time, a fort- night or so after his arrival, that it began to strike me that Nat looked as if he bad something on his mind. " He is sure to tell me what it is, sooner or later," I s lid to myself. "Probib'y he has left BJine small debts behinJ bin at school-only, he did not look worried or anxious when be fir.t came home." The confidence was given. Ona after- noon Nat followed me into the library, where I was going to write some litters, and said he wantel to speak to me. 1 put my papers aside and waited. "Leila," he said, '-you must promise not to laugh at me." This was not what I expected. " Laugh at you-no, certainly not," I replied, " especially if you are in trouble. And I have thought you were looking worried. Nat." " Well, yes," he sai l. " I don't know if there is anything coining over nie-i feel quite well, but-L 'ila," he broce oï, "do you believe in ghosts ?" I started. "Has any one-" I was beginning rashly, but the boy interrupted me. " No, no," he said, eagerly, " no one has put anything of the . kind into my head no one. It is my own senses that have seen-felt it-or else, if it is fancy, I must be going out of my mind, Leila-I do believe there is a ghost here in tïie play- room," I sat silent, an awful dread creeping over me, which, as he went on, grew worse and worse. Had the thing-the Finster shadow -attached itself to us ? I had readjof such cases. Had it journeyed with us to this peaceful, healthful house? The re- membrance of the cold thrill experienced by Miss Larpent {and myself flashed back upon me. And Nat went on. Yes, the cold was the first thing he had been startled by, followed, just as in ¡the gallery of^our old castle, by the conscious- ness of the terrible shadow-like presence, gradually taking form in the moonlight. For {there had been moonlight the last night or two, and Nat, in his skating ardour, had amused himself alone in the play-room after Donny had gone to bed. " The night before last was the worst," he said. " It stopped raining, you remem- ber, Leila and the moon was very bright I noticed how it glistened on the wet leaves outside. It was by the moonlight I saw the-the shadow. I would not have thought of skating in the evening but for the light, for we've never had a lamp in there. It came round the walls, Leila, and then it seemed to stop and fumble away in one corner-at the end where there is a bench, you know." Indeed I did know ; it was where our governess and I had been sitting. " I'got so awfully frightened," said Nat, honestly, " that I ran off. Then yesterday I was ashamed of myself, and went back there in the evening with a candle. But I saw nothing-the moon did not come out. Only-I felt the cold again. I believe it was there, though I could not see it. Leila, what can it be ? If only I could make you understand ! It is so much worse than it sounds to tell." I said what \l could to soothe him. I spoke of odd shadows thrown by the trees outside, swaying in the wind, for the weather was still stormy. I repeated the time-worn argument about opticali|lusions, etc., etc., and in the end he gave in a little. It might have been his fancy. And"he promised me most faithfully to breathe no hint-not the very faintest-of the fright he had had, to Sophy or Dormy, or any one. Then I had to tell my father. I really shrank from doing so, but there seemed no alternative. At first, of course, he pooh poohed it at once by saying Donny must have been talking to Nat about the Finster business, or if not Dormy, someone-Miss Larpent even ! But when all such explan- ations were entirely set at nought, I must say poor father looked rather blank. I was sorry for him, and sorry for myself-the idea of being followed by this horrible presence was too sickening. Father took refuge at last in some brain- wave theory-involuntary impression had been made on Nat by all of us, whose minds were still full of the strange experience He said he felt sure, and no doubt he triec to think he did. that this theory explainec tho whole. I felt glad for him to get any satisfaction out of it, and I did my best U take it up, too. But it was no use. I felt that Nat's experience had been an .* objec- tive" one, as Miss Larpent expressed it or, as Donny had said at the first at Fin ster, " No, no, sister-it's something thcr< -it's nothing to do with me." And earnestly I longed for the tiin< to come for our return to our own familial home. " I don't think 1 shall ever wish to lea^i it again," I thought. But after a week or two the feeling begai to fade again. And father very sen sibly discovered that it would not do t> leave our spare furniture and hoavi luggage in the barn-it was getting al dusty and cobwebby. So it was ali movec back again to the play-room, and ther stacked as it had been at first, waking' impossible tor us to skate or amuse on selves in any way there, at which Sopl: grumblsd, but Nat did not. Father was very good to Nat. He toe him about with him as much as be cou] to get the thought of that horrid thing 01 of his bead. But yet it could not hai been half as bad for Nat as for the rest < us, for we took the greatest possible pr« cautionsagainst any whisper of the dread fi and mysterious truth roaching him, tin the ghost had fallowed u* from Finster. Father did not tell Mr. Miles or Jenn about it. They had been worried enoug] poor things, by the trouble at Finster, an it would be too bad for them to think tha the strange influence was affecting us in second house we had taken at their recoil mendation. " In fact," said father, with a ra tin rueful smile, " if we don't take care w shall be looked upon askance as a haunte family ! Our lives would have been i danger in the good old witchcraft days." " It is really a mercy that none of th servants have got hold of the story," sai Miss Larpent, who was one of our counc: of three. " We must just hope that n further annoyance will befall us till we ar safe at home again." Her hopes were fulfilled. Nothing els happened while we remained at the Kee tory-it really seemed as if the unhapp; shade was limited locally, in one sense, fo at Finster, even, it had never been seen o felt save in the one room. The vividness of the impression of poo Nat's experience had almost died awa; when the time came for us to leave. I fel now that I should rather enjoy tellin< Phil and Nugent about it, and hoar wha they could bring forward by way of expían ation. We left Kaxtrew early in October. Ou two big brothers were awaitiug us at hom. having arrived there a few days before us Nugent was due at Oxford very shortly. It was very nice to be in our own housi agaiu, after several months' absence, and i was most interesting to see how the alter ations,includingagood deal of new papering and painting, had been carried out. Au< as soon as the heavy luggage arrived wi had grand consultations as to tho disposa about the rooms of the channing pieces o furniture we had picked up at Hunter's Our rooms are large and nicely shaped most of them. It was not difficult to mak< a pretty corner here and there with f quaint old chair or two and a delicate spindle- legged table, and when we hac arranged them all-Phil, Nugent, and ] were the movers-we summoned niothei and Miss Larpent to give their opinion. They quite approved, motlier even savin« that she would be glad of a few more o lds and ends. " We might empower Janet Miles," she said, " to Jet us know if she sees anything very tempting, ls that really all wc have r They looked so much more important in their swathings." The same idea struck me. I glanced round. " Yes," I said, " that's all, except-oh, yes, there are the tapestry portieres-the best of all. We can't have them in the drawing-room, I fear. It is too modern for them. Where shall we hang them ?" " You are forgetting, Leila," said mother. "We spoke of having them in the hall. They will do beautifully ti hang before the two side doors, which are seldom opened. And in cold weather the hall is draughty, though nothing like the gallery at Finster." Why did she say that ? It made me shiver ; but, then, of course, she did not know. Our hall is a very pleasant ono. Wo sit there a great deal. The side doors mother spoke of are second entrances to the dining room and library-quite unnecessary, ex- cept when we have a large party, a dance, or something of that sort. And the portieres certainly seemed the very thing, the mollow colour of the tapestry showing to great advantage. The boys-Phil and Nugent, I mean-set to work at once, and in an hour or two the hangings were placed. " Of course," said Philip, " if ever these doors are to be opened, this precious tapestry must be taken down, or very care- fully looped back. It is very worn in some places, and in spite of the thick lining it should be tenderly handled. I am afraid it has suffered a little from being so long rolled up at the Rectory. It should have been hung up." Still, it looked very well indeed, and when father, who was away at some magis- trates' meeting, came home in the evening, I showed bira our arrangements with pride. He was very pleased. " Very nice-very nice indeed," he said, though it was almost too dusk for him fully to judge of the effect of the tapestry. " But, dear me, child, this hall is very cold. We must have a larger fire. Only October ! What sort of a winter are we going to have ?" He shivered as be spoke. He was stand- ing close to one of the portieres- smooth- ing the tapestry half absently with one hand. I looked at him with concern. " I hope you have not got a chill, papa," I said. But bo'seemed all right again ;when wc went into the library, where tea was wait- ing- an extra late tea for his b enefit. The next »lay Nugent went to Oxford. Nat had already returned to tchou). So our home party was reduced to father and mother. Miss Larpent, Phil and I, and the children. We were rery glad to have Phil settled al home for some time. There was little fear of Iiis being temjited away now flint shooting had begun. We were expecting some of om- u-ual guests at this season; the weather was perfect autumn weather; we had thrown off all remembrance of influenza and other depressing " influ- ences," and were feeling bright and cheer- ful, when again-ah, yes, oven now it gives nie a faint sick sensation to recall the horror of that third visitation ! Hut I must tell it simply, and not give way to painful remembrances. It was the very day before our first visitors were expected that the blow fell the awful fear made itself felt. And, as before, the victim was a new one-the one who, for reasons already mentioned, we had specially guarded from any breath of the gruesome terror-poor little Sophy ! What she was doing alone in the hall late that evening I cannot quite recall yes, I think I remember ber saying she had run downstairs when half-way up to bed to fetch a book she had left there in the after- noon. She had no light, and the one lamp in the hall-we never sat there after dinner -was burning feebly. It ivas bright moon- light. I was si ting at the piano, where I had Photo liv Greenham and Evans Barrack-street. GOVERNMENT HOUSE-VIEW FROM THE TERRACE. been playing in rather a sleepy way, when a sudden touch on my shoulder made me start, and, looking up, I 6aw my sister standing beside me, white and trembling. " Leila," she whispered, "come with me quickly. I don't want mamma to notice." For mother was still nervous and deli- cate. The drawing-room is very long, and has two or t n*ee do «rs. No one else was at our end. It was easy to make our way out unperceived. Sophy caught my hand and hurried me upstairs without speaking till we reached my own room, where a bright fire was burning cheerfully. Then she began. " Leila," she said, " I have had such an awful fright. I did not want to speak until we were safe up here." " What was it!-" I exclaimed, breathlessly. Did I already suspect the truth ? I really do not know, hut my nerves were not what they had been. Sophy gasped and began to tremble. I put my arm round her. " It does not sound so bad," she said. " But-oh, Leila, what could it be ? It was in the hall," and then I think she explained how she had come to be there. " I was standing near the side doorinto the library that we never use-and-all of a sudden a sort of darkness came along the wall, and seemed to settle on the door-where the old tapestry is, you know. I thought it was the shadow of something outside, for it was bright moonlight, and the windows were not shuttered. But in a moment I saw it could not be that - there was nothing to throw such a shadow, lt seemed to wriggle about-like-like a monstrous spider, or"-and there she hesitated "almost like a deformed sort of human being. And all at ouce, Leila, my breath went and 1 fell don n. 1 really did. I was choked with cold. I think my senses went away, but 1 am not sure. The next thing 1 |remember was rushing across the hall and then down the south corridor to the drawing-room, and then I was so thankful to see yon there hy the piano." I drew her down on my knee, poor child. " It was very good of you, dear." I said, " to control yourself, and not startle main tua." This pleased her, but her terror Mas still uppermost. "Leila," she said, piteously, "can't you explain it r I did so hope you could." What mithl 1 say : " I-one woul I need to goto the hali ami look wo!) about to see what could cast such a shadow," I said vaguely, and I suppose I must involuntarily have moved a little, for Sophy started, and clutched me fast "Oh, Leila, don't go-you don't mean you are going now .-" she entreated. Nothing truly was farther from my thoughts, but I took care not to say so. " I won't leave you if you'd rather not," I said, " and I tell you what, Sophy-if you would like very much to sleep here with me to-night, you shall. I will ring and tell Frenke to bring tilings down and undress you-on one condition." " What r" she said, e :gerly. She was much imp essed by my amiability. "That you won't say one word about this, or give the least shadow of a hint to anyone that you have had a fright. You don't know the trouble it will cause." " Of course I'll promise to let no one know, if you think it better, for you are so kind to me," said Sophy. But there was a touch of reluctance in her tone. " You you mean to do something about it, though, Leila," slie wont on. " I shall never be able to forget it if you don't." " Yes," I said. *' I shall speak to father and Phil about it to-morrow. If anyone has been trying to frighten us," I added, unguardedly, " by playing tricks, they cer- tainly must be exposed." " Not tts," she corrected, " it was only me," and I did not reply. Why I spoke of the possibility of a trick I scarcely know. I had no hope of any such explana- tion. But another strange, almost incredible idea was beginning to take shape in my mind, and with it came a faint, very faint t mell of relief. Could it be that not the houses, nor the rooms, nor, worst of all, we ourselves were haunted, but some thing or things among the old furniture we had bought a' Baxtrew ? And lying sleepless that night a sudden flash of illumination struck me. Could it -whatever the "it" was-could it have something to do with the tapestry hang- ings ? The more I thought it over the more striking grew the coincidences at Finster. It had been on one of the closed doors that the shadow seemed to settle, as again here in our own hall. But in both cases the portière had hung in iron . And at t he Rectory ? The tapestry, as Philip had remarked, had been there rolled up all the time. Was it possible that it had never been taken out to the barn at all? What more probable than that it should have been left, forgotten, under the bench where Miss Larpent and I had felt for the second time that hideous cold ? And, stay, something else was returning to my mind in connection with that bench. Yes-1 had it-Nat had said " it seemed to stop and fumble away in one cornel-at the end where there is a bench, you know." And then to my unutterable thankful- ness I fell asleep. 