DR. JOHNSON ON LAW i&ifl; LAWYERS, Iri It mart always bs interesting tolaimp^* hesrtbeophkmaof snxxMigaot U$mm .**'? them sod their profesdo^esfHeklly wheo the layman kocwi with the robot! good aew af a Dr. JflhoMB, for toe meoy laymen tal# cad tcash sbowt the lew aod Its peofeeaees. Iksa a man like Mw poet Wcedeworth, Maiiif the son of a eooetry soHcitoc, aooid write like Mb la ' A Foefw Epitaph w Oo osny to aome other plaoe Hie keenness ot that practised eye. The hsrdness of that sallow face.'* This kind of abuse is cheap ; rrtalistion -ny ** A poet art thou P Scarecrow fly, And carry to some other clime Tbe frency of thst rolling eye, '1 he twaddle of that toneless rhyme. Johoson was fall of prejudice, but on law and lawyers be was remarkably lucid snd just. 'Lawyers, be said, 4 kuow life practically. A bookish man should slways have tbem to converse with. Tbey hare wbat be wants.' It is a curious fact tbat at tbe sge of fifty-six 44 the groat lexicographer/' as Miss Pinkerton in '* Vanity Pair ~ delighted to call bim, had actually rotnposed a prayer — and a very good one. too — that bis stody of it might be eaiaeti fied ** to dioct the doubtful aud instruct tbe ignorant, to prevent wrong and t+rminste con tention.' It is a matter for real regret that he never carried out liis design How well we csn picture the potidi rooa doctor as a lea reed Qusen's (or rather King's) Counsel, rafiaiag on lbs point* to tbe t^oart, or harsagntng a jurr, while M words »f woodrow length aad thundering sounds ** aaaied tbe gaping ooco* pants of tLe jury-box t A friend of Dr.Jotanioo ooce said that be was like a ghost, who never spoke until he was spoken to— tbr truest description of bim, the doetorssid, ever given ; aud it U to the initi ative of tbe inquisitive Bosweil — of oourse, the admirable showm»e-— that wc owe the doctor's diru oo law and lawyers. Boswetl was going to tbe English Bar, or rather playing at it, snd a gay friend, be said, bwd advised him against being a lawyer, becaose be woold be etedlsd by ploddtug Wockheada, ?? Why, rir,' said Dr. Johnson, 44 in tbe formulary and statutory I tart of the law a plodding blockhead may excel, hot in the ingenious aod rational pert of it a plodding bloekbesd csn nsver excel. ' ' You must not indulge, n wnt ou the doctor, 14 too ssngtiine hopes should yoo be called to our Bar. I waa told by a very sensible lawyer that there are a great many cfasores against aoy man's soncess tn tbe prol eeakm *»l tbe law. Tbe can*] didatea are W- numcmoa snd those *« uo get ! large practice are so fsw. Ho said it was by no means true that a msu uf good parts and ap plication is sure of baring business, though he, indeed, allowed if *urb a man could but appear in a lew rsiu^bti n#wfit would be known, aud be would get forward ; and thst the great i risk was tbat a man might pass half a life-time j in tbe --ourta and never have an opportunity of showing bis abilities/' This is as mucb a tnelao rh ly truth to-day a* it was a huodred years ago ' Wbat means may a lawyer legitimately um- to get on r' Kioe questions of casuistry arise. ' A gentleman, * says Boswril, ' told | me that a countryman of his and mint;. Wedderburn— afterwards Lord Loughborough , — who had risen to eminence io tbe law, had, l wheu first making hii way, solicited him to I get bim employed in city causes.' j I Johnson : ' Sir, it is wrong to stir up law* I suits ; but wheu unce it is certain that a law suit is to go ou, there ia nothing wrong in a lawyer's endeavouring that he shsll have the benefit latber than another.' Bosweil: 'You would not solicit employment, sir, if you were a lawyer ?' Johnson : *' No, sir ; but not becaose I should think it wrong, but became 1 should disdain it/' Tbis is a good distinction which will be felt by meu of just pride*. He proceeded : *4 However, I would not have a lawyer bo be wanting to himself in using fair means. I would buve bim to inject a little hint now and theu to prevent his being over looked.*' This is a very tolersut view of professions! etiquette. When the great Duche** of Marl borough called at young Hurray'* chambers and found him out— we may presume he was en gaged in drioking champagne with his wits— the imperious dame said, on meeting bim next : '* Young man ! if you want to rise in your pro fession you must not sup out,'' Bosweil had an uneasy feeling tbst he must give up supping out, and he put it to Johnson whether a very extensive acqusiotance in London might not be prejudicial to s lawyer Ssid Johnson : ' Sir. you will attend to busi ness aa bosioess lays hold of you. When not actuslly employed you may see your frienJs as much as you do now/1 Sir Matthew Hsle once said that it was as great a dishonour as a man were capable of tbat be should be hired for a little money to say otherwise tban bo tboogbt. But the truer and I juster view of the ethics of advocacy is well ex* I pounded by Johuson. Bosweil feared tbattbs affectation of warmth in a client's cause might produce habitual dissimulation. 44 Why, oo, sir, a man who is paid to tumble —tbe metaphor is not fistteriag to tbe lawyer —will not go oo tumbling wben be is not to be paid for it.' Lawyers cultivate tbe diffuser graces of rhetoric. They are sometimes accused even of garrulity. *4 It is unjust, sir. said Johnson, ' to censure lawyers for multiplying words | when they argue. It is often necessary for them to multiply words. This ' (he ssid), referring to some point) ** you must enlarge on wheo I speaking to the Committee (of tbe House of ! Commons). You moat not azyne there as if you were arguing in the schools. Close reason- j ' ing will not fix tbeir attention. You must say the same thing over and over again in different words. If you pay it but ones they miss it in a moment of inatteotio&.r 