LADY'S LETTER PROM LONDON, j 15th April, 1897. ] I have to record an event. It is not political; cannot be precisely described as historical; but is decidedly interesting. It !s tho arrival in London of M. and Mrtriame Paquin, the great Paris-what am I to call them? All the ordinary terms for their art are so futile. I will invent a special phrase for this memorable occasion, and oall them the spirits of light and leading in the fine art of Dress. I had heard of Paquin; I had seen reccut mention in a novel of an "indispensable I'aquin box," and recognised the tublle touch of adver tisement in the ingenuous allusion; I had been told that a vast arid palatial I'difice was in process of construction in Dover street, Piccadilly, for the installation of Paquin in that once overpoweriuiily ex clusive and aristocratic street, which has in deed "doe-ended to toleration of the cara vanserai'' (as Disraeli said of the early stage of the big hotel eruption in the West End) for SOIRC years past, but in which I did not expcct to see a temple of fashion with milli ners for its ministers set up. Mis. W'il-1 liainson 6ays the announcement of the' Denevolent intention of M. Paquin to estab lish a second world's wonder m the article of attire "caused a sensation in feminine circles," and the accomplished tact of this peaceful invasion continues to flutter the dovecote of Mavfair. "I assure you they're not proliibitively dear," said a lady who had just been sampling the Paquin marvels pretty freely, but of course that depends on the point at which prohibition begins. The mere sight of the building is a pleasure, bo true is the tastefulness of its spacious rooms, elegant staircase, and beautiful de coration. The rooms are all white, with sea-green silk panelling (some one told me the design was "after'r that in the historic house of the Due de Soubise), and the car pets are of crimson plush. The inaugura tion entertainment was, I am told, a bril liant affair; M. Paquin played the host to a "number of great ladies and fine gentle men with distinguished success. "We can't quarrel with France now, can we?" said a sprightly young lady, who is always i divided at JSastertide between the solemn ] obligation to get her "frocks" (meaning a t vast supply of everything to wear^ from i Paquin, and a mortal aversion to making the little journey in a crowd. I agreed with her; we are bound to be the best of friends with the country which possesses a1 Paquin willing to bridge over the silver streak in such a fashion as this. Turning from the fine house, its elegant decoration, its glittering mirrors and chandeliers, and the grand air that it gives 1 by the servants in livery, aiguillettes and ? culotte courte, tall, solemn, but alert, and de la derniere correction, to the skilfully arranged contents of the show-rooms, I am bound to say that I never have seen any thing so effective. An artistic eye is evi i dently kept open in the etalage depart-: ment. My first impression on passing! through the beautiful rooms was of the j novelty of the great modiste's modes. No , early Victorian ugliness is to be traced in i them; when they "go back" it is to the ] pictorial aspect of the fashions that are | recalled to life. Black and white pre-1 dominate in the dresses, and are "treated" i with supreme elegance, especially in the ! profuse employment of black lace. 11 could hardly find an object of preference! among the number of "creations," but, at last, gave the palni to a tea-coat of brocade of the grand siecle period. It was quite! easy to see Madame de Montcspan arrayed in such a combination of richness and affected simplicity while she sipped her foaming chocolate. The brocade pattern is gold stripes and lines of tiny roses, ex quisitely designed; the coat is tied in at the waist with a broad black sash, which falls on one side; the under-frock is white chiffon, with black lace insertion. I must borrow from Mrs. Williamson her correct description of a beautiful evening gown of "white glace silk, with accordion- pleated skirt applique, in trails of black lace roses and spangled all over with silver; the bodice (which is cut a low square at the back, I with a deep V in front) and the long sleeves are of black lace over white, with 1 meandering lines and spangles of silver. As usual, the simple combinations, the "little frocks," are very expensive. There was a "dream" in the form of a teagown made of pale blue muslin, all tuckei and flounced in a loose-floating coat, over a mauve underdress of the same design, an ticipatory of the summer, and possible in Paris in May. Concerning the price of this fragile construction, I heard a whisper of four hundred francs! It looked much too dainty to be worn, and its ever being packed, even in a Paquin box, except by an expert without destructive results seemed impossible. I have seeu at a fashionable "builder's" (I believe I have | now got hold of the really right word) i some hand-painted silks and satins, to be used for dinner, ball, and theatre bodices.; I do not admire these at all, although the! designs and the execution are excellent. The application of oil- painting to dress ma terials has, to my mind, an effect like that of a barbarism in literary style. A made up example, in the form of a black satin bodice, -vrith a full front, painted in oils, in a design of pink ftnd yellow roses, with foliage, strongly confirmed my opinion. I have seen only one novelty in Court dress-a very lovely, train of white silk, ] embroidered with a most graceful design j in gold braid. This design is the cordeliere of Louise of Savoy, with its "true-lovers' j knot" at intervals, and in the centre of the j knot a diamond-shaped piece of rock crystal. The effect will be very striking,: especially as the train is to be attached to the back of the bodice by three loops of j gold cord only, so that it will hang loose i over the wearer's figure, sacque and train in one. The petticoat is also of white silk, with a similar design in gold embroidery j at the hem; the bodice is round, and has a white and gold belt. The rule as to the limitation of presenta tions at the Queen's drawingrooms to two hundred has been suspended, and the at tendance on the 4th of May will probably be very numerous. "All the world" of at all permissible age very naturally wish to ! j be presented in this "the Queen's year," ! I ana the maintenance of the rule would i : have made it necessary that six drawing- j ! rooms should be held-an impossible alter | native, as there is not an available day ? either before or after Whitsuntide. The j business of pleasure-or what looks like pleasure to the outside world-must be I very hard work. The list of entertainments i for the jubilee period is growing and grow ing; the official programme is very much I like that of 10 years ago, but there are to be many more grand "functions" in society than there were in 1887. Something new and splendid at Holland-house is looked for, and there is an idea that it may be a masked ball of historical character, and of a very elaborate and artistic kind. Last ! year Lady Hchester's ball was the event j of the season in the order of dancing fetes, ! and it was the successor to the Fox tradi | tions who revived the fashion of masked j balls so lone in abeyance in England. One I pf Lady Tlchester's entertainments is to ? be an outdoor fete. The terrace of Hol ? land-house and the gardens will present a ; splendid spectacle in the radiance of elec tric light. There ought to be a great gathering of ghosts among the Royal and distinguished guests on that night, upon the lawn where George the Third, as Prince of Wales, tossed the hav about to the accompaniment of the laughter of Lady Sarah Lennox, and the wits and sages of a generation which included a good many of both lounged and loitered in delightful talk when the art of conver sation still survived. Tlie rival "leaders," the Duchess of Devonshire and Lady Lon donderry, will have great parties in the ! ?j w®ck, and Lady Salisbury is to hold a private reception at the "Grafton Gallery. The Jubilee week forms the horizon of sight and the last stroke of time for all the "world" just now, whether that world be great or merely big; nobodv seems to have strength to look beyond it* The rush for places to view the procession is con tinuing, and reaching a frantic pace. I hear on good authority that Mr. Astor has taken half the Grand Hotel for his guests. I have been consulted about quadrilles for fancy balls by some of my young friends, and I have suggested two; the personages represented in the Versailles picture of the coronation of Napoleon L, "the little corporal," is all the vogue now, more than ever, and the personages described in Har rison Ainsworth'salinost forgotten romance, "Crichton," which is a happy hunting ground for "character" figures and histori cal costumos. What a cotillon might be formed nf the several croups in the latter, and an Admirable Crichton as leader would be original and apropos. The getting up of quadrilles is catching on in the highest ranks of society, and also in those of less pretensions. A quadrille of Queens-but surely it ousht to be a minuet-is in con templation for Lady Warwick's fete. The chronology of such pastimes must needs be mixed, but if we could only restore the "braule" and the "coranto" for the Tudor lime, and the minuet for 18th century miming, it would be easy to make a very pretty historical pageant. Of course, a flower quadrille is quite simple. For a children's fancy ball I have proposed all the leading fairy tales of the good old kind, with the immortal "Blue Bird," "White Oat," "Three Bears," "Beast," "Puss in Boots," and other friends of humanity in distress, as masters of ceremonies, and Shakespeare's own fairies of the "Mid summer Night's Dream" as honorary at tendants on the Queen of tlie Ball. Need I say she is known in realms merely ter restrial as Cinderella? The latest novdty in cycling costume is the adoption of the sandal. I believe the first person to suggest the idea of making the ancient sandal in England was my friend, Mr. George Graham, the artist, who brought his fine water- colour landscapes to Hurstmonceaux when I was staying there three years ago, and made us all long wildly to visit the City of the Violet Crown, and behold those purple stretches of sea and heavenly plains of azure and violet, rose and gold, that form the sky of Greece. He wore the old, old foot-covering of the runners in the Olympian races, of the men and women who were models for the grandest sculpture that the world has ever seen, and he believed in the restoration of the sandal as only a little less merciful to suffering humanity than the abolition oI the rack. 