Short Stfrry. A Horrible Fright. Ii. T. MEADJ5, in 'The Strand.' ' I/d^a't flunk . I. a in at all nervous, mid, therefore, w-heu ! -say that I am jubcmt. to describe two hours of absolute agony I hope my readers will believe ttiat xhe' circnmstauoi's were at the luwt , cxwi'i- , tional, and will still give me credit -for being at least as brave as meal girls of my ago. \- T -have always clospfced so-called, nerves. When a child I quite loved to sleep in the dark. At school 1 wm rhe. prime movt-i- or ghost stories, and I remember now that some of my prac tical jokes voiced strangely upon the ?unkind and even dangerous. 1 .b^T been edm-arod -|«iir up io modern.. ideas. Tt i.s oiil.v a yc-ar tfince T left Girton. niiwl I am now ---;:nfori:ihly established fll honit' wiih my failier and mother. I aw the only daughter, and am between 2:', and 1M years of n-o. We live in a large place aboiit an hour's ride by rail from London. I fnave my own special horse, and a little pony 'carriage be sides for my exclusive use. I also have my study or boudoir, and can order what books I please for my own benefit, not only from Mudio. but from the local 'booksellers. I am patssioivately fond of. music, and can play two or till roe in strument's. I rhi.uk I - -ii n say. witjhout any false pride. i.lui my jM^rfornvajices on the vi(.':;n a:;.« nviiier better iilr.ni those of m.;sr ani:irouii-. I am tiilso. greaifc at all kijislo of outdoor sports mid gamos. I ;i;m the champion player of the tennis club ro whmh I belong. l''Vt 1. .1111 .11 NIL jUlI^ndl I.. IlItT MIUHPff' fully getting up a lady's, golf club. In short. I Think I may truly say of my self that I represent nhe average, upto date, well-educated, rather strong minded. nihieTeer.th-eeivtury girl. Xow. I nun?t roll :vbout my fright. You can imagine that. it. must have been something special ro put me into such a state of terror rhat I cannot think of it even now without .-?'luddering. I received an iuvitafciou late last an tiinm to go to -si*e my gra.nd father, who . lives in Dublin. My mother did. nor. ?particularly wish me to go. I really think mothers must have premonitions, for there was no apparent reason. for my not taking such a simple and eas'ily accompliw'hed journey. I had h.ee7i abroad n good deal, and had had.aidvtvi tnres more than one : fherefore. when my mother fretted herself about my going from Loii'dou to Dublin, via Holy head. I could nor Help laughing at her. ' If you must go alone. Virginia.' sihe said, 'had you not better travel hv day ?' ' Oh. notiseive. n-:rN:t-pr--f.' I said. ' I liate traveling by day. p:mi-nVhvrly by a route which I already know. Besides, it 'is siuh a waste of rime. At night one can sleep and travel t-'grther. Oh. t»ay no more alKvnr it dear, good mother. I'll take tilie night mail fr.oon Kuston. this evening, and have break fast with grandfather in the morning.' My motiher made no further remon strances, -but 1 heard lier sighing in the most aggravating sryle. and I knew she was murmuring to herself about my hea'dstrougn ess and how I never' would Nothing makes me so olkst:iii:it-e as fli ose muttered remonstrances of my relatives. Are they afraid of me. that they don't speak out V I a;m always amenable ro reason, bur when people mutter over me. then I become pimply mulish. , I adore niy.dear mother, but even for her I cannot be expected to give up my own way w.lien I hear £ier muttering That it. is 'Just like Vir ginia.' My things were pai-ked. and I started oft' in good time to catch the night mail at Euston. ?' You hail barter go in one of the ladies' carriages.' sa.id my father. I quite gasped in horror when he made nh.is audacious proposal. ' Xow. do you suppc-.-e I am likely to do anything' quite so old- maidish V' I replied. ' Xo. I have fixed on rhe exact corner where I shall snooze away from Euston to Holyhead.' I led my father. a*3 I spake, to a carriage where two old gentlemen had already comfortably es tablish ed themselves. They had spread out. their rugs, and taken complete pos session of the corners which were our of the draught. I was. oblivious to draughts, and -fli-nse my corner opposite the old gentleman who was nearest t?- +i.™ ,™h-.infn .rirtnr Afv father sunnliod me witih three or four evening, p:r:yerN. I 'had an uncut novel in my bag. w':l a little reading-lainp. which I could fasten to .the window ledge. , Two or three moments later I (had said farewell, to my father, aaid the great express— tlie Wild Irish Girl— had steainetl in.. grand style out of the station. I like the feeling of being whirled., through sjiace in.-sni expm=s train going at the top of its speed. I looked :vt Mie evening papers. Their can-tents ? did not . specially interest me. I then gazed a;.t. my opposite ne:ghbour. He was very stout and very red. He tucked his tra velling rug tightly nlwut him, ami. be- fore we had paired Willesden wens .fast asleep. He made a distressing.. np-Jise1 with his loud snores, and I thought him decidedly irritating. For a moment, or two I almost regretted that. I had not gone in an empty ladies' carriage., The other old gentlemaiii was scarcely a more agreeable travelling companion. He had a no:sy cough, and a ,bad cold. He blew his nose, and he coughed about everv two minutes; and then lie looked around him to see if there were any. possible draughts. He not only shut, his own window but the ventilator above as well, and then he. glared at the ventilator which belonged t-\ ? the ?ii *rtfi»ig old gentleman and me. I made ' ™- mind that that ventilator should sac'.tefc^r'be shut over my fallen body,. ^y^from side to side as if Us own ?ueit «peed were making it guldj . tin n'n it steadied itself, and ru shed on. and on with a rhythmic sort of motion, wlilcli was' infinitely soothing, and ' l'K. i ,„„ fn forsrfet m.v two unniter es ug companions: and .to. sink S™au 11 »lf vou are poms on to I IjVMju ' said the snoring one to mo. J on 1 woula set me up for the. remainder of i»y journey. 1 accordingly stepped on to tlie platforni and , .went over the bridge J^, the great, waiting-rooms, which, jn;wsente-q'.'..a't this , time :\, gay scene of .eager* 'hungry, fitssy nien '? and women sitting at rabies, and standing a;t ooTTiyfers'; ea- fli aiid.all of them eating aiml drinking for bare' life. : I oivlerod my. t«i, diwuk it 'stiuwling at. liUe tininter. pnM for it. und- also for, a bun. wbicJh I csuT.Ied away wi'bli me hi a ixiiih^r ? .iKig. and renirnod to my vairraige. I saw a heap of rugs . «nd a large blaek bag. deposited .iiuthe comer aw-iy 'from, mine, «uid wondered wi't?i a faint; passing, .(niKiosity who -my new tra yelling wMujKnikHr-.was .likely, -to ;be. : Tihe ? giKvrd «i.n\e : up. a t : this. .moment to see if I ;syere ^info\\-;iible. He. saAfl : xAvn'i . we ; ;\yonkl ::npjt.. .«ytop,..agajn. -4 ;nniy) ;we rejwhyd.lloly^isvd. fljid asked, hie if I wainiwl. for',';iniytiiihig. , /. I! ^q.id; 'Xp.'-r v ' ,'„,-,'.. ? -£; ? *' f%-tiaps youM' Irlce me to .hK-t', -the carrisyge .dooi:,. uiiss ?' ,he:is;t.id'.' . ; '' The tJi*a.in fe not too full to-iii'ght. and I cau; nvannge it.' ' - ' ? ; .; ,__ I laujjhed an-l ' 'prtinViwl' to t.iie rugs, and Iwg hi fhe op'iK»site'-''ei-riier.: ' ? '.. ;.: ' Somebody lias nlivjmiy tukciii posses,-, sion,' I uajd. - '??'.!.' ' Riit If you wish, .miss, I'll put tfiose t-hings in another carriage,' said :the .guard. . .: 'No, no.' I 'replied. ' I don't nii'nd coiniwi'iiy in the least.!' . ? .Iilc.tr. .-Mil »-n inv fri321n\\\'-+n.ii-iil1pit iinf 111 an -a-puffin-noe. He was a big mam. wrajiped up in a. great ulster, and' \yiMi a mutller round his throat and mouth The -giKird looked vn't him, I though j-. .si. little fc-uspid'onsly. This ma.de ..; me a.iig.ry. I ihiave no patience with tliosiv s(luo:i:in'Wh gHs who t.hirck every riiiaai wfno sees 'i'hem mus't offer them eftlier adnuraition or instil r. I looked yerj 'iheerfnl. made way for the ti'aveller to fake his seat, and smiletl and tih'auked fhe giwird. A mome.n't' later the ferain startvil (hi its way. (To be concluded ... 