THE CHUECH JUBILEE. Saturday, the 26th ult., saw the close of the brilliant festivities in connection with the Diamond Jubilee. On the Sunday (27th) the Church Jubilee, a series of services and festival gatherings in commemoration of the consecration on St. Peter's Day, June 29th, 1847, of the Eight Eev. Charles Perry, first Bishop of the Melbourne Diocese, began with three special services in St. Paul's Cathedral, at which the preachers were the Bishop of Melbourne in the morning, Archdeacon Langley in the afternoon, and the Bishop of Bathurst in the evening. The congregations were large throughout the day. The Bishop of Melbourne preached from the text, Psalm cxxvi. 3 — ' The Lord hath done great things for us, whereof we are glad.' Eegrets had been expressed, he said, that their Church Jubilee should follow so quickly the Diamond Jubilee of the Queen, and for convenience sake a longer interval between the two commemorations might have been desirable. On the other hand, there was an ideal propriety in this rapid sequence. Having praised God for His goodness to us as a nation, we now proceeded to praise Him for His goodness to us as a Church. They looked back with hearty thanks to St. Peter's Day, 1847, because on that day their first Bishop was consecrated in Westminster Abbey. When the reign of Queen Victoria began there were in the whole of Greater Britain only five colonial sees. Now there were 87. During the same period in the sister Church of America there had been an increase from sixteen to 75 sees. The day they now commemorated had always been con sidered as an epoch in this growth, because on that day four colonial bishops were consecrated at one great service — namely, the Bishops of Capetown, Newcastle (New South Wales), Adelaide, and Melbourne. . It was felt at that time, with an intensity unknown before, that the Church of England was entering on a new sphere of duty .and respon sibility, and that she had become, as had been well said, the nursing mother of churches. Yes, and let them not forget that one chief ground for joy in this rapid extension was that wherever their beloved Church was planted the Book of Common Prayer accompanied it — that book which did more honour to the revealed Word of God than any other book ever published. Though 23 years had elapsed since Bishop jPerry left the shores of Australia, there were not a few remaining amongst us who could recall the diligence, fidelity, and ability with which he fulfilled the momentous trust committed to him. Though he had achieved the highest academic distinctions, Bishop Perry was at the same time a modest and humble- minded man. He was not an orator, nor were his gifts of a popular kind, but he was eminently fitted for the work of organising the diocese. Bishop Perry firmly maintained that if the colonial Church was to prosper, the laity must have their due share in framing and administering its laws. Accord ingly, the Church Assembly was mainly his work, and they must admit its great suitability to a colonial diocese, and the harmony with which, as a rule, clergy and laity united in legislating for the practical needs of the Church. Moreover, with the refined and courteous manners of a Christian gentleman, Bishop Perry combined in an eminent degree the courage of his convictions,, and thus it was that friends, clerical and lay, rallied round the first Bishop of Melbourne. The number of zealous clergy and readers was greatly increased during his rule. Churches, schools, and parsonages sprang up, and Christ's people, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, Avere multiplied. Bishop Perry was succeeded by the eloquent and brilliant Bishop Moorhouse, to whose great personal influence and powerful advocacy they were mainly 'indebted for the noble building in which they were now assembled. When they gratefully reflected on these tokens of Divine favour, and bore in mind the great difficulties that surrounded the work of the Church in a young country like this, they might well exclaim, 'The Lord has done great things for us, whereof we are glad; the Lord has been mindful of us, He will bless us.' For his own part, in looking back on the past ten years, full of rnercy and loving-kindness, he had to divide the period into two nearly equal parts. Tbe first five years were years of comparative plenty— years during which many generous helpers of the Church funds were able and willing to present large contributions to carry on the work of the Church, especially through the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. Those were years during which little, if any, anxiety was entertained as to whether their Church, funds would continue to meet the demands made upon them; but after those years of plenty there came years of anxiety — years in which doubts would intrude as to whether the Church would be able to maintain her ground, much more to extend it, and this period still continued. He looked back upon it, however, in some respects with thankfulness, because he believed it had been marked by much prayer to God, and by much conscientious self-denial for the sake of the Church. He took the opportunity of heartily thanking those to whom personal appeals had been made in behalf of the Jubilee Fund for the kindness and generosity with which, as a rule, the appeal had been responded to. The objects of the Jubilee Fund had already been clearly set before them, and 50 years of spiritual privileges and means of grace deserved special acknowledgment to Him from whom all blessings flow. How many earnest clergymen had laboured in this diocese since it was formed ! How many holy men and women had been taught and trained and had trained their children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord during the past 50 years ! How many sick, bereaved, and sorrowful ones had been directed to Him, who had the power and authority to say, ' Come unto Me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest 1' 