WHOSO FINOETH A WIFE, ' PuailSHBD 0PEO1AI. AnBi«9KltSItX. ( . . By WILLIAM LB QUEUX, ,4 Author of "The Ql'cat War in England 111 1807," "Zoraida," "Stolcu-Souls," "Guilty p".'-,' . Bonds," "A Secret Servico," &c.;, &o.; ' . rCorriuoUT.j ' CHAPTER XXIII. \- A TicnitniLK Tiumi. i'. ENDEAVOURED to opon .it, but it was, as usual, locked.-, She -had - taken the koy. In: my sudden oxcitemont I called to : : - Juckes to 'bring a luimmer, . and with u tow sharp Wows broke open tlio sloping , leather-covered ; top, finding u number of letters uddrossed.- in un- familiar handwriting. One, larger, than the rest, crumpled, dirty, and Worn, us' if it had reposed in ! someone's pocket for- a--long- period, I took out and cagorly opened beneath tho soft-sliadcd lamp. ' My God !' I . oriud aloud, scarcely -' ' able to holiavo my own eyes, when noxt iustunt I realised tho torriblo truth. « My God !' I had never suspected , this ! Ella's cold, .formul adieu stunned mo. 1 stood opou-moutlicd, petrified. ,Wo \- hud parted on tho best1 of torms, she kissed mo nflcctionatoly; and with wifely ' -solicitude bidding mo hasten bnck ; ..yet ill my absence she bad departed, evidently caiTyiug out soino pro- arranged plan. Hor maid, Roberts, had noticed ' her packing her trunks throo days be fore; therefore, it was certain that sho meant to desert mo as soon as oppor tunity offered. Uniiecoiintnhlo and astonishing as was her suddou flight, tho discovery 1_ had made among the papers in lier bscritbire . was even more mnuziug. It hold ine stupefied and aghast. Tho paper I held in my hand was tho original of the secret convention between England and Germnuy ; tbe document that bad been stolon from mo. trans mitted by. telegraph to tho Russian .Foreign Office, and had nourly caused a terrible and disastrous European war. "When I took it from umong tho ' ..letters and snw its neat, formul writing and sprawly signatures, I gazed upon it . in blank amazement, imahlo at first- to roalise tho startling truth. There was, howover, no room for doubt. It wus : tlio actual document that luid been so ingeniously purloined, for it reposed in the cscritoiro still in its official envelope. The great black seal affixed by tho Earl of Warnbam hud boon broken, and both envelopo and document had the appear ance of having at some time or other been folded small, besides being sadly crumpled. Ifeneath tho shaded light I examined the envelopo curofully, and detected a faint carmine streak upon it; then, placing it to my nostrils, found that it exuded a stale odour of snuipaguita. Iu an instant tho truth was plain. . The pink discolouration had been caused by- rouge; tho scout was Ella's favourite perfume that sho always procured from l'aris. No doubt tlio document had been curried for a considerable period in her poekotfor safety and hecomecrumpled, as papers will, if curried in a woman's „ . dress.. "While the envelope miglii easily have absorbed tho odour of' that unmis takable perfuiuo from-her handkerchief, the streak of rougo puzzled mo, for I had never suspected her of an artificial complexion, npr hud I: over seen tho haro's foot and carmine among her toilot articles. Tell ltoborts I wish to speak to her,' 1 sttid, turning to Juekcs, who had stood by in silonco, puzzled, at my strango action of breaking the top of the cscri toiro. . - ' He obeyed, and -in a few moments tlio noat dnrlc- oyed uiaid enteral. ' Roberts,' I oxchiimed, ' I want you to toll mo something. Does my wife use uny enrmiuo to give artificial colour to her chocks?' ' Oh, no, sir,' tho girl assured me. ' Madam is very udvorse to tho uso of such things. Ouco or twice, when sho has been going out at night and looked unusually pule I luivc suggested a little additional colouiybut sho has always refused.' 'Did she have any rouge or anything of that sort in lior possession?' I. in quired. 'No, sir, I. am quite certain sho liudn't. ' . ' Why nve you so confident ?' ' Because only tho .other day wlion I was ill with n sicic lioudiiclio madam 'urged mo to uso' some colour, as my fneo1 was so pulo. Visitors woro coming, slio said, aud sho didn't want mo to look liko a ghost. I told lier that I had no' carmine, and she remarked that bIio had none, therefore nothing could ho dono.' ' "' Wlion did my wifo pack thoso two trunks she. took with her this evening?' Lust Monday, sir,' tho girl answerod, \- slowly twisting lior bofrilled apron in; l;or bauds. 'Slio received a note by hoy-mcssonger, . and iminbdiately set about packing tho boxes.' 'Did slio. toll y-ou nuything ?' I askod, adding confidentially, 'I have reason to bolievo that my wifo lias loft us, there- ' : .' foro anything you toll mo may assist mo in'traoingher.' The girl glanced at rao in genuine surprise. 'Do you mean, sir,' that madam has— has run away ?.' slio gasped. . 'No — woll, liotoxaotly,' I stnmmorod. 'But did sho toll you anything i" With eyes downcast the girl paused m hesitation," answering, at last : . ' Sho didn't actually tell mo anything.' . ( f But what- do. you. know about hor lutenhons.? ' ' Nothing,' she- answered. Thon,' after a piiuso, sho added, 'Well, to toll .you the truth, Biiyljind suspicions.'. ... '.Gf ..what? ..Do not fear to -speak beeauso I' am 'lior. husband',' I said,;ro- assuringly. 'I may as well kiiow tho .woi'st atbiiee.' . . ,, ' She used froquently to receive notes from u gchtlbuiau. - ' Tlioy woro brought by a " commissionaire, 'or by a -man- seryaut, ' wlio waited for, tlio.. answer, When tlioy eunio I. always know that on the following day sho would be absent many hours.' "' "You believe .that she met this mysterious, individual— eh ?' I ask'cd, huskily. , .... ' Yes, for slio always told' mo novorto admit to you that she liad'heeu long absent, 'riioreforc 1 had suspiciou' that she met somebody clandestinely.' ' What was liis name ?' ' I have never boon ublo to nscortain. Once 1 glanced at u note lying oti madam's dressiug-iablo. ' It merely an nounced tho writer's intention to. uttond Lady Penrson's " at home," and wus signed "X1" ' Well,' I said hoarsely, after a long silouco. ' What else V' ' Nothing,' sho replied. »' That is all I know, sir.' 'Has my wifo takeu lier jewels?' I inquired. . '.No. Sho hns loft her jewel-case un locked, but everything is there. Sho bus oven left behind her wedding-ring.' ' Her wodding-riug !' I echoed, as tounded' aud dismnyed. ' Thou sho has discarded mo completely.' . ' Unfortunately it appears so, sir,' tlio girl observed, gravely. ' ' Very well, Roberts,' I said in a broken voice. ' Thank you. You may go.' The girl glanced at mo for on instant, with a sad pitying look, thon turned and left, closing the door noiselessly behind hor. Alono; I sank into tlio chair utterly broken down, still holding in my nervous, trembling fingers tho secret document tlint scoured tho peace and wolfuro of tlio two -most powerful nations on earth. I had at last dis covered. tho hideous truth. Ella, tho womttn whose graco-and beauty had lielcl mo emneshod, and whom I imd loved with on intensity of passion that was all consuming, was, after all, huso and worthless. . Although making a hollow pretenco to lovoiuo slio hud- cast mo aside for this mystorious man who signed himself with an initial,- and who met : hei' 'secretly ' ulmost 'Vlaily!; 1' had .been .a blind, devoted idiot, I know, hut until I had watched hor in Kensington Gardens I had never suspootcd hor of infamy. It seemed, however, . that, . sho had no senso of shame, and cared nought for mv dishonour or duspnir. Her perfidy was now revealed in all its painful reality. Ella, whom I had always regarded its pure, honest, and trusting, was u woman of tarnished repute, Tlio fact that sho had the secret convention iu hor possession wns, in itself, sufficient evidence that tho inystory surrounding nor was deep, and of no ordinary character. Sonin had warned mo that sho was my enemy, aud this fact was now, indeed, vividly apparent.'" . How she had become possessed of the stolon treaty was- inexplicnblo. Full well she knewull tho terriblo anxiety its lops had causcd.me, and the sensation that its. revolution hud created through out Europe. Times without number I had mentioned to lior how anxious my chiof was to rocover the original, so that our ontorprising frionds in St. Peters burg eouhl have no tangible proof that it hud actually existed, yet sho had given no sign that sho knew anything of it, much less that it actually reposed in my own dmwing-ropm.- I did'not fail in those moments of my despair, to rccolloct that sho had been on tho most intimate terras with Dudley Oglo, tho mnn 'suspected to hnvo boon in the . service of tlio Czar's Go vernment, und as I sat in wonderment it heeamo gradually impressed upon mo that through thoso many months I had boon basely tricked, and that Ella liorpolf, oliarming and ingcnuous.as she. scorned, was actually a secret agent of the enainicB of England. _ Several facts that I recolleotcd com bined to produce this "startling belief. Boeause of my confidential position as .scbrotnry to , tho Earl of Warnhara it was apparent that Ella, with tlio assist ance; of my whilom friend Dudley and tho encouragement of her mother, lnid conspirod to hold mo beneath her spoil. Sho had become my wifo, not beeauso she.hRd over loved me, -but because slio could feign, affection or hatred with equal- impunity; and had some ulterior motive in obtaiumg my confidence. -.Her. firm resolve to ascertain the true facts regarding Dudloy's mysterious epd showed plainly thnt if tliey wcro not lovers thoy lutd noted iu ooraplete uceord, mid what was more likely than that lie, having . stolen the secrat con vention, had ou that memorable night ut tho Nook linudod it to her, tho insti gator of the ingomous theft. Yet an hour or so later ho died from sonio cuuso that noithor doctors nor police had been nblo to deternuno. To hor tho tragic occurrence was h mystery, as to all, and hor refusal to roudor mo uny explanation of. hor sus picious uctions was, 1 uoiv saw, quite natural. Hold beneath the iron thral dom of lier musters in St. Petersburg, 8l,0 daicd Lot ullei- Ouu. IvOi'd ;. huucu I had remained iu the outor darknbss of ,(louht"nnd ignofauod. . -.' . Howo vor it . might be, one . thing was curtain, slio had been , unexpectedly parted from moj dither by choice or eoin- -piilsion. I'erhaps ,it wiis tliiit to pose as my wife was no. longer necessary; yet-, : if slio were actually a spy, wus it not euribus that iu departing sho should overlook this document, of , which the Ministry at fit. Petersburg were so uiixious 'to pbssoss themselves. Again, us I sat alone before the cheer less grate, I 'reflected tliiit if she were in the pay of Russia surely M. Grade- k'off , tho amhassad or, . would' havo been acquainted with her. Besides,; what rouson equld Rciiouf have had ill mak ing such earol'ul inquiries,, or. why did Paul Vhrblioudoviteli discredit. . .tho truths ' uttered by fionia nnd urge mo to marry the woman I loved ? Neverthe less if, us 1 supposed, my position iu the Foreign Office luid caused mo to be tho victim of a clover .and dcoply-con- ccived conspiracy, it was scarcely surprising that the Czar's representative should distduiiu nil knowledge of tlio sweet-faced agent, ' ur that Paul had praised lier und cast obloquy upon Souia in order that their plans, whnt- oveiv tlioy were, should bo -achieved. Of the actions of "Rcuouf, und liis strange disregard for detection, I could form no satisfactory conclusion. All I know wns that Ella's career had been an unscrupulous and inglorious ono, and that she had enst me usido us soon as hor infamous ends had been attaiuod. Tho only person who could oliicidntc tlio inystory was Sonin, tho protty girl who had been denounced by Renou'f as a murderess, mid ivlio was now in hiding iu far-off Russia, in sonic out-of-the- world place whero I eould never liopo to find lior. If she wore elovor ouough to elude tho combined vigilance, of tho detcctivo force of Europe; as un doubtedly she lind done, thero was hut little hope tliut I eould ever run hor to earth. - - The mystery had, . by Ella's flight, boon incvensl'd rather than explained, for the moro I pondered tho more deeply-rooted beo'nmb the conviction that sho had decamped because she .hud cause to four some strango development that would lend to her- exposure and shame. ' ' After a time I roused, myself, and taking from tho broken.; cscritoiro tho other letters it contained, fi'vo in number, examined them eagerly beneath thc'liglit; . . -V.": V" . . All wero in tho same bund, a heavy mlisenlino one, written evidently with a! ' quill. Ono by ono 1 read tliom, find ing that thoy contained appointments which fully bore out hor njaid's sus picious. . , , , . My. dear Ella,' one .rati. ' To morrow I shall bo oil the' doparturo platform at King's Cross station at 11\. !J0. I havo good news for yoq. Come.— X.' Another, regretted tho writer's in ability to keop an appointment, as , he had .been culled unuxpeetedly to Pai'is and was eompolled-to leavoby tho night mail from Charing Cross; He, how ever, promised to. return in. throo days, and gave her tlio Grand Hotel as his address it' sho found it necessary to telegraph. i Strangely enough tho letters . 'con tained no endearing terms- either at their commencement or , conclusion. Formal nnd briof; tlioy all related to appointments at various places in Lon don whero tSvo persons might moot un noticed by tho crowd, and all were signed by tho single mysterious initial. I stood, with them ; iu my hand for u long time, puzzled and hesitating, then placing them carefully in my pocket, together with tho seorot document I had so iiuoxpoetcdly unearthed, . I crammed on my hat and hastily drove to Pont street. .... , > 'The house was -in darkness, save for a light in the basement, and in answer to my summons, after a lupso oE some minutes, a toll gaunt woman in rusty black appeared in the area below. I was surprised at being thus mot by a stranger, hut inquired for Mrs. Laing. ' Mrs. Laing ain't at 'onnvsir,' an swered tho woman, looking up 'and speaking with a strong Cooknoy twang, 'Not at home?' I exclaimed, sur prised. ' Where is slie -?' . - ' She's gone abroad somowheres, but I. don't know where,' tho woman an swered. 'She's sold all hoi valuables, discharged the' servants, and loft '.me' 'ere as: 'ousekoepor.' " — ' "When did 8no go?' I asked. - 'This morning. I answered nn ad vertisement in the Chronicle yesterday, and ontored on my duties 'ore to-day. Quick, ain't it.' Tho rapidity of her engagement I wiis iCompolled to admit, but proceeded' to make further inquiry whether Mrs. Laing's daughter had been .there. . ' ' No, sir. No one's been 'ero to-day, except a foroign.looking gentleman who askod if madaino had loft, and when I said that sho hud, ho went away, quite satisfied.' ' What kind of a man was ho ? 'Tall aud thin, with' a longieli dark beard.' Tho description did riot correspond with anyone of my acquaintance ; there fore, after some further questions regarding Mrs. Laing's' mysterious departure, I was compelled 'to' 'wish tho worthy woman good ovoning. She' knew . nothing, of Mrs. LaLng'e move ments, not ovon tho nnmo 'of tho ter minus to wliieh sho had drivon, such pains find Ella's mother taken to conceal tho direction in which eho intended to travel. Some secret undoubtedly oxistcd be tween mother and daughter: its nature held me perplexed arid bewildered,; 0 , Cto wis eoiraiHuxB. 