THE Q. N". BANK. It is not remarkable that a political crfistis has been brought jabout by J the publication of the report of the j Queensland National Bank, and the i brief and unsatisfactory replies of tbe ! Premier to the question as to what steps were proposed to be taken in referene . < to the disclosures therein made. Tfr.-tI want of confidence moition opened the whole matter up to full discussion, and may lead to a clearer view of th^ situation. When Sir Samuel Griffith" s letter was telegraphed through we pointed out that it fixed the date of the ii rolvency of the Q. N. Bank as j October, 1892, 'and made public tn» I fact that the financial condition of the bank was known to responsible Ministers many months before the collapse of the institution. In Octobe* ! 1892, the bank had nearly £850,0 «0 j of Government money, but was unab'e to meet the half-yearly interest b:il , owing by the Government on loans, the money probably having been de voted to meeting- the heavy with drawals of British deposits in tli-it year. Had Sir Samuel Griffith been doing business for himself he would probably have borrowed £300,000, aud Vtiade the bank provide a similar sum He was induced, however, to find the £(100,000, and had he subsequently informed Parliament what had been done he might have 'been credited with doing his best in a trying time and in a trying position. The debt would then have been £1,450,000. Un fortunately a policy of secrecy was followed, a loan was floated dn Marc a, and when the bank closed in May tue country was affected to the extent of considerably over £2,000,000. The Goven meut, of course, possessed a preferential claim on the assets, but out of consideration for the countrv and the bank's debtors, the prior right to the assets has never be=?*3 established. In the face of thesa facts it is impossible to acquit Sk Hugh Nelson, and his colleagues who knew the position, of very serious blame; the fatal weakness of Sir Samuel and his successors at t' it Treasury, has-cost the country, at the very least, a million sterling. Were there an Opposition which commanded in some degree the confidence of the country, the d splacement of tile Ministry would have been the result of Mr. Glassey's motion, whie a, under present circumstances, was fore doomed to failure. We have lost a million, but a Glassey Government would mean a loss of several millions in values at one stroke. A Labor Ministry with its meddling legislation for all alleged ills, its ignorant inter ference with trade, its narrow views of commercial enterprises, its partisau leanings and its sympathy with crimin als if they bear the right political brand is qui'e impossible. Briefly put, it is a case of better the devil we know than the devil we don't. If ther were some capable men on the Op position side a leaven of Labor, in the shape of a Minister or two, misfit j prove acceptable. There are a few men I on the Labor side, who,, improved by Parliamentary education like Mr Cookj the New South Wales Postmaste General, are worthy of a portfolio if they could moderate their policy, bnt until they do they will have to "remain in outer darkness. Recent events in I South Australia, Victoria, "id New j South Wales have shown that tue! extremists and faddists are steadily I losing ground, and owing to this fac: Mr Glassey's bold dash for the Treas ury "benches could only end in ignom inious failure. i In a defamation case at the District] Court this week, an argument for. the defence was that the utterance j w as harmless, because the hearers. were "only cabmen." Those who are I startled with the words "thieves."' ] 'tools." "fools," "accomplices,". "rob bers," "forgers" and "informers" which stud the Parliamentary report this week, can con sole themselves #ith the reflec tion that those wlio used and beard them are "only politida,ns." Even If Mr Dunsford's fteryTufcfcerances were not privileged they . ^yoiild snot be ?defamatory, tach any importance to his ravings. His leader, in opening the debate, d mail&y;'afoVftg ^ . . Mr, Glassey's utterances, under the circum stances, must be regarded as temper ate in the extreme. True he couM no*; resist hitting back at a four year old speech of Sir Samuel Griffith's when he accused the Labor leader of being "the associate of thieves an I rogues," with the assertion that A war now clear Sir Samuel had been "the associate of thieves and forgers." "Everything comes to those who wair," and Mr. Glassey's revenge is really dramatic, although probably the pub lic will consider that the assertion-; of both gentlemen were quite correct. Politicians, like adversity, are com pelled to know strange bed fellows-. It must be confessed the Ministerial side had the worst of the deba >. and until there is a reconstruction «n the Ministry it seems impossible th n ) the Government can command the i confidence of the country. The sen .1 V* " REPRESENTATIVE COOKTOWN ATHLETES. Geo. Lovelock, P. Matthews, E. Young, P. Lavery Photo by S. E. Hill. I dal is too serious, and we are much mistaken if tbe worst is yet known. I One sentence in the report of the Co ri mittee of Investigation is ominous ; it refers to the fact that the accounts of" the directors were at one tiin-» Ivaluable to the bank; is this an i*t ' sinuiation that some of the late diree Itors also possess overdrafts. Last night, too, it was hinted that then' ' were men on the Ministerial Benches whc were indebted to the bank, and every man In the street talks of the great overdraft of a high official, and wonders in which bank the overdraf' was granted. These may be rumours, tmt the public haying once been de cei ved, attach, what is probably an exaggerated Importance, to every new l-irast > wily cv' other public men. As the debate; pro , *edge' ' gradually -extorted. Sir' I Hugh now admits that iu 1803 in , krew Sir Thomas owed £200.000-tIi-_ | ir.terest bill has since added £50,000 to the score-and he was aware, too, that Mr Driiry also possessed a self-granted overdraft; the Premier would hardly be as modest A* careless as the directors, and refrain from looking into the "two volumes' which furnished particulars as to over diafts. Knowing wl^it he did it is a^tonishiug that Sir Hugh, an inde pendent man iu every sense, should have bolstered up the bank in 1893. He did not benefit a penny personally, and had he told the very worst would have been Premier to-day. Sir Hugh's was a feeble defence, au.l if is difficult to understand wliai answer he can make to the accusation of Mr Dawson that the Premier anti Sir S. W. Griffith, who must liav< known of the Mcllwraith-Drury parr nership, and of the Drury overdraft, allowed Drury to act as general manager of the reconstructed bank and liquidator of the old one up till th< time of his death. These are damning facts whicli it is impossible to avoid. It is re-assuriug to know thai Sir Hugh never personally ben-* f tted financially, but it is impossible to avoid the conclusion that for polit ic-a! purposes he took risks and shield ed offenders at great cost to the country. Another point made by Mr Daws&n; was that other ministers should be included in the impeach ment, an assertion which will support the rumor that there are other men in the Government who have had dealings with the Q. N. Bank. tJnder the circumstances then the Gpv efiiment may "lie 'considered to liav< done well in securing a majority of IS 5 Totes. ^Sir Hugh Nelson did not record his, and' the majority he de . liiiiudtd was greater than the number of Ministers by six. The victory, ' however, must liave strained the loy alty of liis supporters, and the Govern ment will be well advised if it under stands that no humbug will be ac cepted in the future handling of Q. N. Bank matters. Th-i names in the two divisions taken on Thursday night are interest ing reading, and are a striking tribute to party loyalty, the "bolters" being few and far between.' The "greatest number of votes-65, was recorded on Mr. Glassey's motion. The Speaker, Mr. Cowley, would make 66, Mr. T. J. Byrnes and Mr. Macdonald Faterson, who are in Europe, 68 ; Mr Batiersly found the scene too excit ing. and was suspended, which ac counts for 69 ; Sir ±±ugh Nelson did j not vote, 70, and Messrs Chataway and Crombie were not present, which accounts for the, full House of ,72. Every available vote in , the Labor party-20-was polled rin \bc*h: Ions On Mr. Armstrong's amend* ment Mr. Glassey's side was rein forced by W. Stephens and W. Thorn, and on the . motion by ','W - - Stephens, W. Thorn. J. Boles,. JRt'. H. Groom, J. G. Drake and Pogarty. As is usual in a crisis,; the Opposition was spineless, Messrs 1 Groom, Drake, Boles and Fogartyfac iDg tooth ways. If there had been a further amendment, no doubt they would have somersaulted again the. Government is remarkably, r fortunate, , in its Opposition. The Y-Otjjiermem bers of the E[ouse voted. ^a^ist^tiyi' but for some unexplained >' Philp's name, was absent ,f ro^a; ^he division on, Mj:j^ms^png's f3men ment. affirming that only Sir Thos, Mellwraith had sinned. Altogether tile debate may be regarded as a re- ( markable one. The charges were of a most serious character, and the language used was violent in the extreme, but the most astonishing feature of the business is the appar ently impregnable position of the Gov ernment, who have still practically 46 out of 72 members in a solid pha lanx behind them, while their oppo nents can only number 20 with a camp following of 6 which like a chip ia porridge is neither good nor harm. Pow do the Government do it? Mi Kingston and Mr Seddon, in all their giory, cannot approach such a resul*. Mr Seddon on a * paltry matter, of etiquette and a little plunder, only squeezed through with a majority cf six, and Mr. Kingston, against whom no financial scandals can be urged, Is fighting hard to retain first place. If Sir Thomas had only been well enough to return and fight his own battle, he should, on such a showing, have scor e'l a famous victory and a clean sheet. As for Drury -we can only imagine the ghost of that unscrupulous financier haunting foreign parts, with a look Of remorse upon its countenance ; as tounded and-disgusted at the modera tion it practised in appropriating the funds of the bank when in the flesh. The law of meum and tuurn, it is evident, is temporarily suspended in the capital. Visi tors to the South are ad vised to book direct to Sydney ; !f they land at Brisbane they should leave their valuables on board, or carefully avoid Parliament House. Lieutenant Gordon, writing from the frontier to his brother in Towns ville, says :-"I think you will like a line from me, now, as jit may be my j last chance of. writing you, and one ; cannot shut one's eyes to the possibil ity of such a thing when going to the front in time of war. I leave from here to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock for my regiment. I have a convoy of 500 camels, a large number of ponies and hospital tongas. This will delay my reaching the regiment for two or three days, but I will be in the en emy's country all the time, so may have an attack on the convoy at any ?time. I am highly delighWi Commander-j^<2£i«T~sfiould have ac , cepted^artef and very proud that he ^^rffflFhave put me in a regiment so famous, and always sent to the front. I am a lieutenant in the Gordon High landers now, or will be as soon as 1 reach thein. I will ; hot disgrace Queensland, and if you don't hear from me again you will know a bullet hit me in the front and not the rear." On Saturday evening Dr. St. Claiv Gray, who recently came to Charters Towers, died very suddenly. About 7 o'clock he- was walking along Sadd's Ridge with his bag in hand, apparently having visited a patient. He hailed a passing cab, and was be ing driven into town. When neat the Hospital, he stopped the cabman, and shortly afterwards became un conscious, Tronson, the driver, then drove him to the Hospital, where he j was admitted about 8 o'clock. An j examination showed that he was deep- ] ly unconscious, but the patient show- \ ed signs of improvement. However. : he relapsed again, and had a succes sion of fits. About 9.45 p.m. he suf fered some violent convulsions, and died sliortly afterwards. A post mor tem examination was ordered by the Police Magistrate, and then it was found that death was. due to hemor rhage on the surface of the brain, a form of apoplexy. The deceased gentleman was also suffering from heart disease. . Although Dr. Gray was quite a recent arrival here, there was a large attendance at the funeral, most of the medical men of the town being present, and some beautiful wreaths were laid upon the coffin , one, all white, compose^ principally of frangipanni and camellias, being very chaste. The burial service was GRA3STDCHESTER, BY FIRST CHESTER. OWNED BY MR. SACHSE. Grandcliester, who has just finished racing, is a handsome and powerful brown 16 hands 2in. high, and should get good strong horses (Photo by "Register" Photographer.) read by the Rev. Father Commerford. Dr. Gray was only 32 years of age, and possessed very high qualifications. He was working up an extensive prac tice, and had cabled to his wife to join him. Mrs. Gray was expected to leave Scotland this week, but tlio executors, Messrs. Sillars and Dun can, intend to cable the sad news to day, an*i so save her a fruitless jour ney. A contributor writes : The regu lar fortnightly meeting of the Refuge Tent No. 11 Independent Order of Rechabites was held in the Australian Natives' Hall on Thursday evening last. Four candidates were proposed for initiation at next meeting, and sick pay, amounting to £5/10/-, was passed to two members ; also an ac count for £4 for rent of Hall. It was ' decided to celebrate the Anniversary I of the Tent with a concert arid social on the date for the next meeting. ! The report of the Registrar of Friendly Societies for 1896 was laid on the table. The report shows that the capital per member of the Rechabite Society in Queensland is £10/9/8. In his report the Registrar states : The Independent Order of Rechabites be ing a strictly Temperance Society, is naturally more restricted in its opera tions than some of the larger isocieties, but fair progress is shown during 1896\. Increases are recorded of two female branches, 74 male and 50 female members. Upon the whole, the experience of this Society shows continuous improvement, and for 189G the rate of sickness was lower than any other of the large societies. The total capital - at the end of 1896, I £12,674, was judiciously invested, only £449, or under 4 per cent, being uninvested. In this So ciety the cost of management and the rate of sickness are below the average, and again, owing to these facts and to the satisfactory con dition of the investments, the lowest average contributions has produced about the highest surplus in propor tion to membership. The secretary stated that according to the report, in the non- temperance societies on Char ters Towers, 382 members were sick for a total period of 1767 weeks 3 days, the average per member for the whole membership being 6 days 8 hour?, and the proportion of mem bers sick was 22.8 per cent. In the Refuge Tent 12 members were sick for a total jreiiod of 76 weeks 1 day,, the average for the whole Tent being 5 days 12 hours, and the proportion of members sick was 14.4 per cent. Ac cording to the comparative experi ence of the Temperance and Non-tem perance Societies, it is evident not so many of those who stick to water get troubled with dengue, or any other "gue." Receipts of the evening, £26 2/1; expenditure, £9/10/-; credit bal rnce. £297/19/1. Mr. F. Bahr desires to state that bad any complaint J»een made to him of a sick person being discom moded by the ringing of the German Church bells, he would have at once discontinued the same. The bells are admittedly the finest peal on Char ters Towers, and unless under special circumstances, he contends, the pub lic should not be deprived of their music. The suburban train which runs as far as Macrossan Bridge every -Sat urday night, is a boon to the residents along the line, and a distinct advan tage to Towers business people. It is to be Jhoped Mr. Evans, who always has an eye to business, will run a train to and from Ravens wood June tion and intermediate stations out Christmas Eve. 