, MB. LYNE AT ASHFIELD. Notwithstanding tho fact that but a few months will elapse before tlie general elec tion, from which lie professes to expect so much, Mr. Lyne still refuses to bo "drawn." The nrotectiouist liartv must nermit their policy to remain corked Up in the leader of the Opposition until such time as he chooses to speak his mind. Some of his followers who assembled at Ashfleld to bear ids ad dress last niglit might have expected that an outline of the belated disclosure would be given, or some hint offered as to what they must do to be politically saved. If that was so, they must lnive felt disappointed/ unless tliey were ready to accept the baldest of party platitudes as revelation. A great deal of Mr. l'/yue's speech was devoted to the needless task ol' sliowiug that iu the past freetrade Governments havu been heavy borrowers. 'This matter had uo rele vancy whatever to any issue which is of current political interest. But there are occasidus when it may be useful to party leaders, when they take the platform, to fill iu tllelr addresses with aucieut history. What Sir Joliu Robertson or Sir Henry Parkes did is unlikely to influence one In telligent voter at the next general election, biit the time may be passed more pleasantly iu recitlug such things thau in explaining the details of a constructive policy. Mr. Lyhe walked very circumspectly, and kept to the safe ground of condemning the pre sent Government. Especially he is suspi cious regnrdiug their dealings with tnist funds; nnd the obscurity which he has found to conceul tho exaet position of tlie public finances. He declured that in spite of arduous iiersollal investigation lie has not found it possible to say just bow tbe country stands. But lie was not prepared to give tlie Government the benefit of any doubti and so undertook to declare that tbe public indebtedness is a couple of millions or so more than lias been represented. Tbe mi.dllle which lias attended the adminis tration of the land tux was made the most of, as niiqht have been expected. Mr. Lyuo appeared to be desirous Of identifying tlie vexatious and costly delay in carrying out tbe Government taxation policy with that policy itself, and to seek to discredit a prin ciple because mistakes had been made in the attempt to apply It He represented tbe land! and income tax as causing half tlie amount which it would realise to bo spent in collecting it. This expenditure, be said, was wa'sted, instead of having any effect in1 developing public industry and adding to the means of employment. It is, of course, regrettable that any avoidable expense in tliis matter lias been incurred through mis management, but Mr. Lyue lives in a glass house, and should be careful of consequen ces when lie throws stones. The policy which he favors looks to just such wasteful expenditure as lie condemns on the part of the Government, but on an enormously larger scale. It is tbe purpose of protection to compel wasteful expendi ture on tbe part of every individual iu the country by compelling 1dm to pay a higher price for certain articles than he need other wise pay— in short, to compel him to subsi dise tbe local manufacture of thiDgs which lie could more cheaply purchase elsewhere. If a larger number of officials than was ne cessary luive been employed in connection with the land and income taxes, tbe employ ment of the most unnecessary among t'liem was as legitimate a charge upon the public as would be a. tax on imports for tbe enrich ment of unnecessary manufacturers. Uf course, Mr. Lyne says the protected manu facturers are to pay "a good rate of wages." But one of the marked characteristics of protected manufacturers is that they don't do it. They are imder no compulsion in the matter, and having to the full as keen business instincts as anybody else, they pay just the market rates for the labor they re quire! The brazen protectionist contention put forward last night by Mr. Lyne in tbe usual way, tliat we might as well admit tbe laborers who make cheap products as the products themselves, has never misled tbe people of New South Wales. It would be singular if it did, in view of the striking proof of its fallacy which has for so long been under their eyes. They know that the wage-earners of Victoria have for quarter of a century been trying practically to bene fit themselves by keeping out imports and developing local manufactures, and failing iu a manner which cannot be explained away. Tlie plain reason why they have fail ed, in spite of tlie great artificial stimulus given to industry and business of various kinds by a wildly lavish system of bor rowing and an influx of foreign capita) such as this province never experienced, is because the protection of emiJloyers is not in the smallest degree a guarantee that the wages of workers will be raised, or their condition bettered. For years past there has been an exodus from Victoria to tbe other colonies of some of the best elements of her population, this province benefiting therefrom in no. small degree. This is fair ly good evidence, even if that of current wage-rates in public and private employ, aud tbe existence of tbe National Auti- Sweating League, could not be adduced, that protection does not protect tbe wage- earners. How could it? If through tbe influ ence of protection wages became tempor arily higher in Victoria than here or in any other province, workers would at once gra vitate there, aud bring tbe rate down again to tbe general level. As it it is, they have only gravitated the other way. Mr. Lyne challenged the Government to go to the country at next election on the straight-out issue of protection or freetrade. The Government ot which he was last a member was challenged to do tliat just as vainly as Mr. Lyne has been challenged for some months past to say what issue he will go to tbe country on. That accidental Ad ministration was enabled by the aid of labor party deserters, to inflict a protective tariff on this colony for a brief period. When they took office they declared it to be their intention to increase the duties and still increase them until something like thorough-going protection had been estab lished. When the time came, all too soon for them, to face the electors, they were particularly careful to avoid making any proposal of that kind, in the hope apparently of "sneaking in" themselves, as they had been enabled to sneak in the protective principle. Tbe verdict given on their at tempt was that which authorised the abo lition of the protective system and the adoption of the present policy of direct taxa tion. It was the some verdict as had always been given by tbe people of this province, only it was delivered with more tlion usual emphasis. Not only was it ordered that protection should be utterly swept away, but tbe mandate w'as given that privilege and wealth should be made to take on itself Some of tlie burden of taxation. Tills find ing the Legislative Couuoll declined to ac cept, witli tlie result that the opinion of tlie country was asked by Mr. Reid regarding what should be done with tlie Legislative Council. Tlie answer given was so decisive that the nominee Chamber promptly recon sidered lis position, and decided that tbe public might bo right after all. In. view of tliis reasonableness, Mr. Held went ou as far as possible with public business. But ouee again, aud once again in tbe interest of tlie wealth-owning classes, the- Legisla tive Council has vetoed a taxation mea sure. Tlie straight issue for the electors, therefore, is whether tliey will sanction a definite nnd detailed scheme which will he submitted for their judgment, proposing to limit tlie power of the Legislative Coun cil to negative their demands. It will be in vilin l'or tlie protectionist party to attempt to obscure this issue by raising the ghost of one that is dead aud buried. , 