THE HOUSE WITH ONE LIGHT. 'No, miss, there's nobody lives there now. It's all shut up — which seems a pity for a fiae house like that. But old squire, he's a bit queer in his head ; and if be chooses to shut up the Hall and live in a bit of a cottage wiih two old servants — why nobody can Btop him, you see.' ?' Is he mad. then ? I didn't know you had a squire here ? ' ' O yes — old Squire Hardcastle. We've had Hardcastle3 here as long as anybody can re member ; bvit it seems as though this one would be tbe last,' and the woman sighed as though sorry about something. ' 13 there a atory about them ?' I asked, for, as it was a wet evening and I had not many books, I was rather glad of a bit of gossip with my landlady, who was a pleasant old soul of the sort one only meets rarely nowadays. '.' Gat another cup and I'll pour you ont a cup of tea with me, and you shall tell me the story to pass the time.' ' Well, miss,' began Mrs. Muffler when thia arrangement had been carried out to our mutual satisfaction, ' I don't know that it'll sound much to you coming from London and furrain parts and hearing so many odd things ; but we coun try folks think a deal of what happens here abouts. Squire Hardcast'e was always a bit of a miser, and he never kept open house as his fathers had done, and they do Bay he and his wile had scenes together, and that she pined away out of chagrin and vexation. However, I don's know if that's true But at lea^t she died when Master Geoffrey was 12 years old, and a=ter that things were meaner than ever, and ihe poor lad had a sad time of it when be came home for hi? holidays. His father did send him to school, and ha got to college, too, for he took a scholarship, and the old man seemed as though he couldn't forbear to let him use it, even though he did have to help him with an allowance — which folks say was very miserable and meau for a man in Master Geoffrey's position. How ever, he did well at college, and we were all fond of him here ; but he came lesB and less, till one day when he had done his course aud wanted his father to do something for him — we don't quite know what, but at any rate the old equire wouldn't do it, and there was a dreadful quarrel over it, folks say.' ' Was that before the ball waa shut up V ' Yes, just before. Old squire was living in one wing then with the same queer old pair of servants as he's got still. They are as near in their ways as he, and suit him. Well, Master Geoffrey he came home, and there was a great quarrel about something— everybody pays it was money — and then he went away next day in hot anger, and the old squire shut up the flail and went to live at one of his lodges, and thare he's lived ever since, letting everything go to rack and ruin, and folks say it's jut-t to spite Mr. Geoffrey, who will have to come into it by and by, as it's all entailed ; but they say the old man buries all the money he Baves year by year, so that his son shall never have it ; and they say the old man and woman know where it is and will get it when He's gone,' 11 What a very odd story,' I said, ' and where is Mr. Geoffrey gone ? and what ia he doing ?' ' That's what nobody knows, miss. Mr. Geoffrey was too much away to make friends hereabouts, and when ho went there wasn't any body to tell us about him They say he went to furrian parts, and that he had brains enough to get on anywhere. I'm sure I hope he has. It's a crying shame, as we all do say, that a fine promising young man and an only son should bo driven from home and made to earn his own living, with this fine property going to pieces for want of somebody to see after it. Bat when you've got a balf-cracked old miser to deal with, what are yc a to do ?'' ' Aud nobody lives in the Hall — not even a caretaker 1' ' No, miss, not a soul. . OH Squire won'r have it. He's got all the keys himself, and not a soul is allowed in. It's one of his crazes. He won't let a creature cross the threshold, and all the doors are barred or boarded up like as if it wa9 a prison.' Now, the reason why I wag so curious about the deserted old Hall was that my bedroom win dow looked straight across at it. Trees shut it in to a very grejt exteut— so much so that I hud only revised quite lately that there was any house there at all ; but through a small gap between two limbs of a giant oak, a shaft of light came streaming night by night straight across from that lonely house to my window — the only one it so chanced which looksd out that way. I had Been it first by chance, draw ing up my blind to admire the effect of the moonlight on the trees, and since then the strength and brilliance of the l-ghth\d prompted me to look for it regularly. It must come from some very powerful lamp, I decided, and I was curious to know the rceanins; of that solitary light. I bad discovered by day the neirlected looking old houae with its many closed windows; but I was not prepared to hoar that it was altogether shut up and deserted, That night tbe lain ceased, and I announced ray intention of going out for a moonlight stroll. I was five aud twenty, and considered that I was quite able to take cure of myself. I wus almost alone in the world, and bad a Buffi ciflot, although not a largo fortune. I lived in London for the most part, in pleasant rooms of my own ; but from time to timo I enjoyed bury ing myself completely for a few weeks in some quiet country pluco like Eastbury, and Feeing nobody of my own class during the whole of that time. Borne people calkd me eccentric, but I dou't know that 1 was. I wrb like many other women, lonely rather from choice than ueccsuty, I might have changed my lot more thfia once, and have either married or found congsniiil corn pauion?bip with nice women of my acquaint ance. but I had never made up my mind to the sacrifice of my independence. The memory of a certain brief episode in my life a few years back always deterred me. If he hnd asked mo —perhaps I would bavo yielded. But our meet ing was brief, a sudden breaking-up of plans separated us without a farewell, I believed tho mge closed for ever, but somehow its memory I hindered me from opening any other from it. The house dog followed me ; I instructed my landlady net to wait up, I had been cooped up all day, and a long moonlight walk had attrac tions for me, I started off at a good pace, and soon left the village far behind. As I returned some bours later my thrushts had strayed back, I know nnt bow or why, to that little hotel on L«ke Lemac, and my friend ship with Mr. Castleton there. I remembered how bright everything had looked to me then, how I had pictured — but then had come his temporary departure with his friend for a few days' mountaineering, the sudden scare of small pox in the hotel, the rapid and determined flight of my aunt, whom I could not desert ; and the sudden and complete breaking-off of that friend ship which had been so much more to me than any other I had ever known. My thoughts were far enough from Eastbury as I turned my steps back thither at length, when suddenly from the crown of a lonely little eminence fir away from the high road or any building I saw the strong gleam in that deserted house, falling in a long bright ray right across the sleeping meadows. And the house was empty— not a bouI Jiving there. Suddenly the longing after an adventure came upon. me. I had no fear of ghosts before my eyes. I began to suspect that the old miser himself returned to his deserted house at night perhaps to secrete some gathered hoard, or per haps to remove some hoard to the near proximity of his own home. Could it be possible to get a peep at him at bis work ? I was light of foot and active, and the old house wus clothed in tangled ivy. Might it not be possible to climb up as far as the window from which the light streamed out, and see what it all meant ? Curiosity and the desire to solve the mystery got the upper hand, and off I started in the direction of the old house as fast as my feet would carry me, and straight as the crow flies. As I noted the extreme loneliness of the country I was not surprised thutthe light had apparently remained unnoticed by the villagers. They could see nothing of it from their cottages or from the high road. It was only visible here and there through a gap in the trees or from a hillock on the wild common. It might burn there a roonth unobserved, I thought, but all the same I would myself try and find out what it meant. With cautious steps I approached the house through a gap in the hedge made by boys desirous to obtain fruit and nuts from the neg lected gardens. The whole house Beamed to lie Bleeping in shadow and silence, and only from that one upper window did a thin shaft of light shine out strong and clear, I looked up at it and saw that it came tbrongh a round hole in a shutter — a hole that might possibly be unknown to the inhabitant of the room. The room was in a sort of tower, and the tower was draped in tangled ivy. But there was a better and easier way of mounting to the window than by the ivy. A little outer spiral staircase wound up to the very top just in the angle where the tower jutted from tha house itself, and to each of the upper tower rooms was a balcony, so that by standing on this balcony I felt sure that I could look straight through the hole and into the room. I thick I felt a. good deal more nervous now that I was really creeping up the crazy little stairway than I had done in planning my more precarious ascent by the ivy, but curiosity drew me on, step by step, and at last I reached the level of that room from which the light shone steadily out. My heart beat fast, and I stepped with extreme caution upon the little balcony, and then holding hard by tbe ivy I raised myself on tip-toe, and found that I could just look comfortably into the room. Ana what did I see ? Nothing at all dread ful. A table strewn with papers and with a number of vessels and test tubes snggestive of a laboratory, a very powerfal lamp burning over head and Bhedding a strong light upon every thing, and the figure of a man — with his back towards me — mixing, with extreme care, some ingredients in a mortar, and pounding them together gently, bending from time to time over his papers as be worked, or added some fresh ingredient to tbe compound. Not a grizzled old miser after all. No secret hoaid or mystery to txcite the imagination. Just any ordinary young man — for tbe figure was powerful and muRcular, and the hair cri-p and dark and curling — working ont some chemi cal problem, having probably hired this old laboratory from the miser for n few gold pieces. I felt rather as though I bad had a slap in the face, and was preparing to turn away and oreep home again when the young experimenter suddenly wa'ked round to the other sHe of the table towards a red powder, which lay there on a paper. The light fell full upon his face— and I drew in my breath with a quick gasp that waB almost a cry, for the face was that of tbe man to whom I had so nearly lost my heart two shirt years back — the fuee of Mr. Castleton. I stood gzng at bim, fascinated and unable to move. There was no mistaking tho band, some, rather haughty face, the intellectual head, the keen, quick eyes, the Eqviare chin, and reso lute mont.n. I should have known him any where, I thiuk j but with this strong light upon hid fnce a mistake was impossible. I stood gazing spellbound, and when a sudden loud noiae Btnote upon my ears I almost gave a cry. It wiB only the church clock striking 12. I counted the strokes mechanically us they fell upon my ear, and still I stood gnz'ng and gnzing at that well-known face Then onldenly re rnemberintj that I was no better than a spy and thit I h»d no business to be there at r.ll, I quickly descended from my coign of vantisge »ini Blipped down tho little stairway to join my fL.Ltb.ful canine comrade who had remained patiently below. Mr Castleton there ! Mr Castleton at East bury 1 I was so stunned by the revelation that 1 haruly knew whether or not I was 'dreaming. InBtead of making Btraight for the gap I wandered aimlessly about the old garden, still feeling tho charm of being near to him and that light, until the dog gave a low warning growl, and I beard tho sound of a stealthy footstep upproachicg, In. an instant, and with a beating heart, '. Blipped into a little nook between two great yevf ; trees near to the garden wall, where I was com* pletely concealed, and the dog came with me and obejed my whispered command to keep silence. ? . ? -??: The moon was bright enough to show me tha approaching person. It was a bowed old man with a wizened face, and he wns wheeling some* thing with him in a barrow, which proved to ba a very heavy case. He paused so near to me that I was in mortal terror of being seen, but he stopped short under the yew tiee ana began scraping about, and finally moved. a great piece of board which I then saw concealed a deep hole, into which, with no small difficulty, he lowered t^e heavy iron box. Then ha covered up the hole quickly, but very carefully, pushed the wheelbarrow out of sight in tha bushes, and hastily hobbled away, leaving the place just as the chime struck the first quarter after 12 I knew the old man. He lived at the lodge, and to-night I had just heard that he was ser vant to the old miser who owned the Hall itself, I supposed he was biding away some treasure chest of his master's, and was rather surprised that the miser should entrust this task to any hired person. However, it was no bueineBB of mine, and my heart was so full of Mr. Oastleton that I could think of nothing else. I went home, and as I was undressing I heard an unwonted Bound of footsteps under my window tramping along the road in the direction of the lodge ; but I thought little enough of it, and after lying awake thinking over my »dven« ture till far into the night I fell asleep, and slept so soundly that it vm past 9 o'clock before I opened my eyes again. When I gjt downstairs I found my landlady iu a state of the greatest excitement. '? Oh miss I' she cried, ' what do you think has happened last night? The most awful thing ! Poor old squire was murdered in his bed at 12 o'clock— just when old Mills had gone out . ;? to look for the dog which was missing — and folks say there's no manner of doubt bat.' that it was his own son as did it ; for it seems that Master Geoffrey has been hiding away these two weeks past up at the old hall, and last night he murdered his father in his bed, and took the money-chest off with him and hid it nobody knows where.' - A sudden thrill ran through me like ia power ful electric shock. I sat down to the table and asked my landlord to tell me more details. She was only too happy to comply. - ...-.? ' It's 'an awful thing, miss. I heard all about it from Bobbins,' who got it straight from the policeman. Old Mills came running to him doss on half past 12 last night, to say he'd found the old man murdered in his bed. It seems he had been in to look to his master at a quarter before 12, because he rang his bell sharp like; '- ; The dog wasn't in the house, and he always slept ia the old man's room by the box which folks sup pose held his money,- and the Squire wouldn't rest without him, and sent Mills out after him. He says he was hantiDg about, maybe the best p»rt of half-an-hpnr, but couldn't find the'erea ture anywhere. Then he goes back and-^findfl the old squire lying in bed with hiB throfit cut from ear to ear— awful to see. Off he Beta for the police ; and when they question -him- he e'ayd that he knows Mr. Gecffoey is hanging about the place, because he's Been him more thanonce. He believed he was hiding eomewhere up at the Hall; and that he'd decoyed the dog away on purpose, and watched hia chance to get in aud kill the old man. That's whit he said,' and the pol ceman went straight to tbe Hall, -and there was Mr. Geoffrey, sure enough, in a queer plaee he used to be fond of when he lived at horn e — what they called a laboratory, or somethin g of that sort— and there was queer red stains on his hands, and he seemed put about at being found, and was that upset when he heard hia father was killed that all was sure he'd done it and wanted Mills to have the blame. So the crowner's to pome to-day, and he'll bffconi miited for trial as sure as eggs is eggs.' Oh I to think as Mr. Geoff ey wo thought bo much on should end his days on the gallows,' and Mrs. Muffler fairly wept in her mingling 6i sorrow, excitement, and horror. ????-. I felt that my face wca very pale. But I pretended to bo busy with' my breakfast as I ? asked — 'What does Mr. Geoffery say about him* naif?' ' ' . . ' ;?; ' (), miss, I don't hardly know ; I'm afraid a'l's not well with Mr, Geoff jry. When folks get changing their names and calling them selves different like, and living in furrian parts, one never knows where you have them. He's called himself Mi\ Castleton these many ytsarB, and folks do say that he's a professor or some thing; but it don't seem right to go on so. But I must get to the inquest «ud hear it all. I never th'ught to hear Mr. Gecffrey committed to take bis trial for his life,' If Mrs. Muffler felt she must go— be sure X did the same. I knew that corny what might I must hear the evidence, fcr if lhe Btory I had heard was correctly r^ ported, I, and I alone, might- have the power of saving an innocent man from an awful char-go. I feared to ar-k too many queBtionB lest, I eh'iuid hear aiter all that the murder had been committed earlier in tho night, aud my evidence might go for nothing ; but I pressed into the room by Mrs. MufHjr'a side, closely veiled, wheu it waa known that proceedings were about to be commenced ; and when I saw Mr, Oastleton standing calm and pale very near two sturdy representatives of loca' jtiBtice, I felt ray heart give suoh a leap that 1 was afraid it would be heurd all over the room. Tho coroner took his seat. The jury, who had viewed the corpse previously, wore sworn, and proceedings ciminunccd. The evidence of the doctor was tnken first, who (cftirmid that death hud been oaused by the infliction of « wound iu tho throat, and that ic was bis opinion the wound could not have been hoU irflicttd. Tho policeman testified to tho finding of tha body in tho condition described by the rnedioiil man ; and then Mills waB called for his state* men*;. It was iu uubfltanco just what Mrp. Mufiltr had told mo, and ho was perfectly clear us to the timo, as wns uLo b a 'old wifo, Tha muster h.id gone to bed nt half past eleven, but had missed .tho clog luafc ibing. Ho had rang his bell and then got into bad.. Both the old servants answered the unwonted summons; and both B\w him alive shortly before midnightt Then the man had gone to seek the dog, and the old ! woman had retired to bed, She knew nothing of the : awful deed done till after the arrival of the policeman, as her husband had not stayed to call- her 'p when he ? discovered what had happened. Then came evidence as to the proximity of Geoffrey to the lodge. Mills declared; he had seen him hanging about that ? very evening, and that he was almost certain he Baw him Jooking over the hedges as he went oat after the dog. He would not swear it positively, because the light was fitful, and the fuce disappeared so quickly, but he was almoBt sure of it. . Anothar terrible piece of evidence against the accused was that a bloody Taz -r had been found in the grounds of the old Hail ihafc very morn ing, thrown away behind Home bushes. Little scrape of evidence given by one and an other all pointed to the fact that Geoffrey knew hiB' father's miserly habits, that there was a bitter quarrel between the two men, that he would come into a floe inheritance upon his father's death, that — But I could not listen longer. It was growing more than flash and blood could bear. Suddenly I rose up in my seat, and said — ?J'. I have some evidence to give. May I be sworn ?' . Therei was a sudden, quick exclamation in a voice I knew to be (recffrey's, but I dared not look at him. I took the required oath, .and told my story, which the reader knows; I could see by the absorbed interest on all faces, could tell by the intense hu3h within the room, wh|it an impression it was making. ? I was asked several searching questions, especially as to the time of the occurrence— could I actually swear that I had been watching the movements of Geoff rej Hirdcastle for some minutes when the church clock struck 12 ? Was I certain of the identity of the old man I had seen with that of Mills the servant, whose evidence I had heard 1 In fact I was cross-questioned with some sharpness, but my story was so simple that there was no fear of my being confused or contradicting myself. At last I was told that I might sit down, and an order was given to the two policemen to go and look in the place I had described for the iron-bound box, and for the wheelbarrow, or traces of it. Whilst the men were gone we all kept our seats and waited in breathless ex pectancy. The time seemed long, but it was not really so, oefore the men came back wheel ing the cbe3t, in the very barrow in which old Mills had borne it to its hiding-place. My story was verified in one particular. The coroner was satisfied on all others. Geoffrey stood a free man, cleared from all shadow of suspicion. Ihe old man Mills was committed to stand his trial, and flinging up his bands, in an agony of remorse and terror, openly confessed his sin. Leaving the stifling room, and, thankful to be free of the scene still going on there, I stole nway into the calm Bummer evening — to find Mr. Oastleton— Geoffrey — beside me. 'Maud,' he said, in a strange choked voice, ' 19 this how we meet again 1 How can I thank you for what yon have done for me to-day ?' ' Oh, don't thank, me,' I cried with something almost like a sob, for I was teiribly unhinged, by all I had goae through. 'It would have killed me if — if — Oh, how can I say it 1' ' \ ! He suddenly gathered me into hia arms and. I lay still in his embrace, a great hush falling upon me. . . ?« We belonged to each other I think from the very first— I at least felt it. Now you are mine altogether, my darling. You have given me back my life— and now that life must be always yours. ? We will let nothing part us any more.' ; 'Oh, Geoffrey 1' I cried, 'Oh, Geoffrey!'' It was all I could find to say, but it was enough. lie held me close to his faithful heart and our lips met in the first kiBS. 