OBkPTER XXXI. A 3XOTIHXR'S SaD STOGY. 4" Your ,daughter i " gasped the young mtauIand he rewarded his Compaflen as aI he thought the had suddenly taken leave of her senses. "Yes, my very own." "Then-then you musat be-" "Your grandmother. Yes, if you care to own me as suoh," Miss Fortesque returned, with considerable bitterness. " I do not understand-I cannot compre hend !" faltered Archie, whose mystified countenance would have been an interesting study for an artist. "That is not strange," the woman replied. " It is no wonder that you cannot compre hend how a woman, in my position, answer. ing only to the name of and figuring before the world as Miss Fortesque-a rlah old maid-should have been the mother of this beautiful girl, and, through her, claim relationship with you." Arohie's lushed and troubled faoo told but too plainly how keenly her words out him, although he made no response. " How strange it is," she resumed, after a moment of profound thought, " that secrets, which we suppose to have been buried so deep that there can be no possi bility of their ever being unearthed, should suddenly rise to confront us, like a restless ghost of the past, when we least expect it I Archibald Wellington, I have carried such a secret in the depths of my soul for morn than fifty years-a secret which I firmly believed would go anrevealed with me to my grave. But here, in mid ocean, I am com. palled by a stranger, of whose existence I was unaware a week ago, to throw open the innermost recesses of my heart, and confess that which no one now living, save myself, ever even suspected." " Madame," Archie here Interposed, with I an air of proud, though quiet dgnlty, which made his companion's eyes soften with an } expressialon of unwonted tenderness, " I beg I that you will not feel compelled to make - any revelations to me which may be at all I harrowing to your feelings. Of course It is but natural that I should desire to know the history of my dear mother, who to me I was the embodiment of all that was meet 1 beautiful and exalted in life; but I would It prefer to forego all such knowledge rather f than wring from you a secret which may be a both ssared and painful to you." ' My young friend, your kind considersa. lron does you great credit," Miss Fortesque I remarked, as she bent upon him a look of d approbation, " and betrays a refinement of feeling that touches me deeply. I have e confessed to you my relationship to your 5 mother, which I have suspected from the t moment when you told me that her name a was Helen, and also that you believed her to have been an Englishwoman." " There have doubtless been many Helons who were Engltshwomen." Arohie began smiling sligntly, but thinking that was nardly snfliient ground to warrant her e suspicions. C " True, bat you strongly resemble your t mother, and that resemblance impressed me immediately ; bhut this likeness settles the question with me. But if I go no further In my revelations to you -if I do not exp ain t away certain doubts and suspioions, whloh you cannot fail to entertain, you would go 3 your way when we reaoh New York, and t carry a sore heart in your bosom l yur a life, and I ehou d lose a link out of mine which, since I have discovered it, I would d not part with under any clrcumutances. I Arohibald, if, after I have told you toe story t of my past, you can own and give me a little affection, as your mother's mother. I believe chat my declining years will be happier than I have ever dared to hope." Archle was deeply moved by this appeal, d and something very like kindred feeling surged thronug hie heart for the aged woman bealde him. " You have shown yourself manly and tender, from the moment of our meeting." ,ians Forteespe resumed; "your kindness te me-a perfeot stranger and a orabbed old woman, at that-at the hotel in Liverpool, and your thoughtful attentions since, have aroused a very warm feeling in my heart for you, and I am free to say that I should be very proud to claim you as my daughter's ° son." "I fear that you overrate what have been ° no more than the commonest courtesies," 1 Archie modestly returned. E "If you regard them as simply common t courtesies, they have not been very plentiful in my life; though, perhaps, I have been somewhat to blame, for I warn you I am not 3 always the most amiable creature in the world-Indeed I have relatives who have bestowed upon me the very slgnificant appellation of 'the porcupine,' " Miss For eaeque responded, with a grim smile. Then, noticing the twinkle of amusement I in Arohie' eoes, she added : " And you also may live to learn that I t have been rightly named. Bat now for my t story," she continued, with a sigh. " When I was a girl, eighteen years old, I lost my mother, and during the next two years I and my sister, who was but twelve months younger, were left to the care of a governess. My rather was a very wealthy landed pro. prnetor, with a rent-roll that yielded him a very large income. He was as generous as a prmince, and there was nothing in the world he would not do for his children, c whom he idolised. I had one brother, who I was a few years my senior, and who, at the t aime I speak of, was an officer in her majesty's service. Oar governess was a nignly.educated woman, but she was not fond of yong people, and, after our lesseone were over, she never paid much attention o na-although It wa0s understood that she was to have a general oversight of our lives t and oocupations; and thus we were lek, a great deal of the time, to amuse ourselves as we chose. "Daring a season which we spent in London, 1 studled under a noted musician. t who, however, was a comparatively young man, very handsome and well oultivated. To make a long story short, we fell in love wits each other, and the hours assigned for my lessons, instead of being devoted to musical instruction, became simply inter views of the most sentimental nature. In three months we were betrothed lovers; and, linally, knowing that my father would never ancntion our union, we agreed upon a secret marriage." rThe ceremony was performed very quietly, in a modest little church in sunburb of London, and, for a couple ofI weeks, we believed ourselves to be in para- I dise, 1 going to and from my home, osten abily for my daily lesson, as usual. Then there came a blow that nearly deprived me of my reason, and shattered all my earthly hopes. My hnabuand, on returning fromI Richmond, where he had been to give a lemon, was killed-" "o alled! " exclaimed Arabie, in a voice of horror. "Yes," returned Miss Fortesqne, with white lips; "there was a railway aocldent, and he was crnshed and mangled beyono recognition. He was only identiried by the name on his musaiac-roll-even some papers, which were in an inner pocket of his vest, and among which, I have every reason to believe, was our marriage certioficate, were so mangled and discolored, as to be entirely dllegible. Thn news of this horrible aooident made me almost insane with grief, and yet I felt obliged to hide my sorrow, lest I hnould excite the suanspicions of my father. I dared not confess to him what I had done, for ho was an intensely proud man, and I knew that he would never allow me to acknowledge, before the world, my relatlons to him whom I had clandestinely married. So I crushed back into my heart my blighted anguish, and bore my turden in ollence. Bus it wore upon me-I lost flesh, strength, color, and felt no interest in life; my nights were spent in weeping, my days in a con tinual struggle for an unnatural calmness. "Several months passed thus, and then my father became alarmed at my oontmnual feebleness, Hie wished me to consult a physician, but this I utterly refused to do. Then he proposed a season of tra vel, think ing that a change might perhaps be bene. fical; but I begged him instead to sand me to my old nurse-who had married and was living in the country-and let her care for me until 1 grow better. He consented to this pan, and, with a great burden lifted come to me at onue, when, knowing th I must have both help and sympathy from her, I confessed all my troauble to her I "IHer great good heart went out to me at [ onoe, and ohe took ms away to her quiet home, where she cared for me with the utmost tenderness, and when my little girl was born, no one save herself and I were the wiser for the fact. Of course I knew I conldnever claim my child, and she promised to care for her until she should be old enough to require a governess, when, she assured me, some way would be opened to provide for her future." " And this child was-my mother ? " said Archie, inquiringly. "Yes; there can be no doubt of It," replied Mias Fortesque, "as I will prove to you later. I named her Helen Talfourd the latter being her father's surname, and she grow up believing that she was an orphan, and the child of some distant rela tive of ' Nurse Hammond,' who was an un usually refined woman for one in her position. When Helen was eight years old, I provided a competent governess for her, but decided that it was best for her to still remain with nurse, where I could visit her frequently, without exciting comment, to aesortain what progress she was making in her studies, and provide for all her needs and wants. She became deeply attached to me, and I loved her with an affection almost as absorb nlg as that which I had bestowed upon her father. As years went on, she proved to be unusually bright and clever, giving promise of exceeding beauty, and then I began to regret most bitterly that I had not confessed my marriage, at the outset, so that I might bave claimed her and reared her as a child of tae family." " It Is a most romantic store, but a very sad one," Arohie observed, as Mies Jerteeqoe paused a moment, " Yes, and I ruined both my life and hers by that one false step-my seoret marriage, That was doubtless whet your mother meant -with, perhaps, somn reference to her own mistake-when she told you never to ark a girl to marry you esoretly. When Helen was eleven and I thirty, my father died. Previous to this my brother had sesigned his commission and married, after which. taking his inheritanoa, he went to Am-rica. for the troubles and perp'exities which. fir a few years, had beeo caused by dishonest stewards and mischievous tenants had die gRuted him with the life my father was Irving, and he wished to try something different. My sis'er bad also married, but her hnsband proved to be a man of no prin oiple, who squandered his own fortune, and then tried to wring her settlements from her. I alone had remainedat home. refusing all offers of marriage, although my father often urged me to ettrle my future while he was living g; but my heart was in the grave i with my lost dear on-, and, loving him .only, I could never be another man's wife." Tears rushed involuntarily to Arch 's I eyes as she said this, for her fane was aim t I c.,nvolead with agony. as she thus recall the bitter past. "But to go back to the time of m f Bather's death," she resumed, after oonquer ing her emotions. "As there was no one to manage his estate, it wan eold. and his wealth divided among his three ohUdren, -My sister and her husband, after receiving their share, went to live upon the Sntinent, and my brother wrote, begging me to come to him in America But this invitati--n I declined. I could no: leave my child-I felt that I must remain near her, even though I could never acknowledge my relationship to her, so I puarhased a pretty villa, not far from Nurse Hammond's home, and, for years, resid-d there, alone with my I servants. I had Helen with me a great deal, however, and the years between that time and her eighteenth birthday were among the happiest I had ever known. She became very lovely, both in character and person, as she grew toward womanhor-d, and I often longed to tell her the treth. But her one great falling was a morbid sensitive- r ness, and I feared tie result upon her. I She had just passed her eighteenth birth. I day when I was taken suddenly ill. My physlcian pronounced my condition very serious, and decided that I must go to Len don, and submit to a critical operation, eaying it was the only chance I had for my life ; but he refused to express any oploini I as to whether I should come safely out cf the trying ordeal. I believed I should not live through it, and, sending immediately for Helen, I confided to her the secret of my youth and of her birth. i wanted her to recognise me as her mother before I died, and to know the reason why I had willed her all that I possesed; while, in case I lived and regained my health, I had resolved that I would brave the world, acknowledge her, and have the comfort of her presence In my home during my declining years. But the child waa so shocked and wounded, to the very centre of her soul, upon learning the truth-how J had lacked the courage to acknowledge her, and had thus condemned her to a life of obscurity, that she proudly refused to have the wrong righted at that late day. I acknowledged that I had been weak-I begged her to forgive me; a,.d promised that we should be all in all to I eaoh other in the foture, and that I would make all the amends possible, by giving her her rightfui sooial po ltion. But she could not be reconciled. ' It was tio late,' she said, and, being too truthful to pretend what she did not feel, we parted with . feeling of bitterness in both our hearts." " That was very hard," said Arohie, with a sigh of regret, yet fee lug that he could not really blame his mother under the cir cum.taenoes ' Indeed it was," his companion re. turned, "It almost crushed me at the time. As she loes me, I put this locket into her hands, tellng her that it contained a lock of her father's hair - the only rello I had of him. Then I went to London. to put my life in the hands of surgeons. I was an invalid in the hospital for nearly a year afterwards; the operatiot had been successful, but my recovery was dis oouragingly slow Norse Hammond came to see me several times, but she could not persuade Helen to accompany her. I did not murmur, for I could not blame her for resenting having been deprived of her birthright, but I hoped thabt when I was veil enough to go home, I should be able to win her love back to me again but -" Again Miss Jortesque patsed, overcome by the harrowing memorles of that sad time, "When, at length, I did return," she 'aid, at last, "It was to be met by the heart-breaking news that my child had fled with an unknown man I I afterwar's learned that she had become acquainted with him at the county fair, after which she had been seen walking with him several times,by diferent parties. He was snpposed to be one of the students at a technical school in an adjoining town, but, as the elopement had oocnrred just after the close of a term, I was never able to learn either his name or where he belonged. More than a year afterwards I received a short note from Helen, and in it she begged my for. giveness for what she had done, and for all the pain she had cansed me. She said she had come to realise how wrong it was to sever every tie that had bound her to the only relative she had in the world, but she had been so morbidly sensitive and resentful over what she had, at the time, felt to be a great and Irreparable injury, that she hardly oared what became of her, and thus she had been tempted to accept the lova and proteo t!on offered her. She was fond of her husband, she wrote; he was kind, and they were doing welL She closed by saying that she felt she had no right to claim any relationship with me, after having thus taken her fate into her own hands, but she should never cease to love me, os her nolther, as long as she lived. The note was simply signed 'Helen,' with no date or address to enable me to reply to it, and thus that chapter of my life was closed for ever." (To is aontinued). A German Inventor is said to provide mirrora whloh will not break. He employs celluloid where glass was heretofore used. A perfectly transparent well-pollohed cel luloid plate receives a quicksilver hboking like that of a glass mirroe. This backing is in turn protected by another celluloid plate, which alo renflects; so that praotinally a donble mirroria furnished, lighter, cheaper, and more lasting than glass, No detsails of Sthe proeas are to hand. , , 