? BY I'ETEII QUINCE. THV production of "The Prisoner of Zenda" IF now in its lust limits, and will be withdrawn from t},,. hoards after to-morrow evening. The piece lias mwvn in public favour sis it went along, and it has had the unique experience of being eveu more successful in the latter portion of its run than in the first weeks. The new members of Messrs. "Williamson and Musgrove's Dramatic Company have now fairly and honestly won their spurs and win justly claim to be regarded as Melbourne favourites. Miss Ada Ferrar, as the Princess Fiavia, gives a charming and womanly picture of the high-minded girl, to whom duty is a greater power than love ; and her tender actmg in" the clusing scenes of the drama is such as to affect her sympathetic audiences in a marked degree. Miss Elliott Page in more instantaneous fashion leaped into popularity on the first night. Her intense acting, fine appearance, good carriage, and last, but not least, 111 critical feminine eyes, her tasteful costuming needed but one essay to prove that the lady was in the. first rank of her profession. That initial success has boon confirmed and emphasised since. Miss Nellie Mortyne is well- known to Melbourne playgoers in the near past, even as her mother was well- known and admired by Melbourne playgoers in the remote past. During Miss Mortyne's Ifillc) absence from us she has not. remained inactive in the study of her art, but has returned improved in personal charms and in histrionic ability. It is somewhat of a thankless task to "play in "the action of the drama in prologue, but Miss Mortyne's acting as the erring Countess of ltassendyll is so good that it remains in the memory in' spite of the more immediate events which follow in the action of the piece. « # * * One hesitates to say whether Mr. Julius 1\niglit is or is not improved since his last visit. He is ail excellent actor now, and his rendering of the triple part of the piece leaves little to be desired. For all that I should not venture to assert that he was not an equally excellent actor when he came to Melbourne some years bac<\- Then, however, lie was handicapped by playing in a scratch company , of which the leading lady was probably the " scratchiest" of the crowd. Now Mr. Knight is seen to very different advantage. He is supported by a good all-round combination of actors and actrtsses, and he plavs in a piece that is mounted in the bust possible fflantiw. I do not wish to imph that Mr. Knight shines with reflected light—quite the contrary—but to point out that even the best of actors cannot make a brilliant success with indifferent support, So far as the Melbourne playgoers are concerned. Mr. Knight only found his' fair opportunity on his sec nd visi and in " The Prisoner of Zenda." . He lias made the most of it: he has shown that he has the right stuff in him. and he has scored an unmistakable win. Mr. Hawtrey. in addition to ably filling the responsible post of stage-manager, shows in his acting as the bluff ai d outspoken Sapt that he can act as well as direct acting, and that he can accomplish that most difficult of stage tasks—the obtaining of effect without any undue forcing of his lines. Mr. 11. J- Carvill and Mr. Gaston Mervale are also excellent in their respective lines, and with the addition of such well- kno*n local identities as Messrs. Harry Hill, the Majevorf Stewart iunr., and Gladstone make up a reliable ^ efficient company. On. Saturday night next "The Prisoner of Zenda " will make waj foi a new drama, which is described by the allurmg description of a <• sympathetic ^n^twnal success, and which entitled " Two Little Vagabonds. it is the production of Messrs. G B. Simi^d ^ Shirley and will be rendered noteworthy both as ,, "first Australian staging'" and as serving to introduce to Melbourne three English orhdes Misses Julia NeiJson and (Florence) Terriss and Mr. Caleb Porter. « THE DERBY WINNER " is still drawing crowded houses at the Theatre Royal. This is a very bald but gratifying criticism upon the past week, but it is all that I have to say. It is the unhappy lot of a dramatic critic that his readers expect him to find some fresh remarks to make in each issue, although he may have, as the poets delight to term it, " delivered the message" prompted by duty, conscience and a weekly interview with the " ghost," upon the first production of the piece. The reason for requiring the " damnable iteration " week after week of praise of a successful piece seems to lie in the fact that each week the play is new to a large number of readers. They have just seen it, and look to the next paper to see what the alleged critics think of it. If the opinion of the alleged critic agrees with their own the "alleged" is erased and the writer is admitted to be a good judge, but if my notice does not meet with the approval of a reader, he, very naturally, regards me as a fraud or an ignoramus who does not know enough to come in when it rains. Then again managers, who as caterers for the public deserve well of the Press, think themselves slighted if the critic omits to give them a weekly paragraph. I must admit that Mr. Bland Holt is somewhat of an exception as regards press notices. He likes favourable criticism of course, bat I think he likes crowded houses better. In his heart of hearts he is of the same opinion as the late J. R. Greville. Once, when Greville was a manager, I had some connection with the theatre when a piece was produced that was severely " slated " by the Press and very largely patronised by the public. After a week's excellent business the critical "slating" was repeated and I sympathetically commiserated the manager. He smiled an open smile, rubbed that unique nose of his and said : In the theatrical business there is only one real test for a manager to go by." "And that is ?" I asked. " The treasury. Our treasury is all right up to now, so I don't care whether we have good or bad notices or any notices at all." I do not know if Mr. Bland Holt is quite so indifferent to printed criticism. At any rate, none of his productions this season have been " slated," and lie has the pleasant pecuniary gratification of knowing that, thanks to "The Derby Winner," his treasury is all right up to now. ALTHOUGH the measure of success which the playgoing public of Melbourne has accorded to " A Woman's Iieason " at the Bijou has been of an appreciative and satisfactory kind, it was withdrawn from the boards last evening. This course has been adopted for peculiar and not very satisfactory causes. The Brougli Company's days, as a company, are numbered. All playgoers will hear with regret that Mr. Brough has determined to disband the excellent combination -which he has got together, and will with his wife seek his professional future in England. By general request he has determined that the last nights of his season in Melbourne shall be devoted to the production of some of the pieces in which the members of his company secured their greatest triumphs in the past. In pursuance of this resolve "Sowing the Wind " was played last night, with, it need hardly be added, its former success. The same piece will be given on this and to-morrow even- ings, and on Saturday night" Niobe, AH Smiles, will be revived. In this quaint farcical comedy both Mr. and Mrs. Broughare seen to the greatest advantage, their appreciation of the skilful humour in the contrast between the circumstances of classical and modern life being the fruitful source of much amusement. # # •* * When next month Mr. and Mrs. Brough bid a long farewell to Melbourne they will have had exactly twelve years' .experience of the colonies, as it was in April, 1885, that they made their first appearance here in the Theatre Royal (not the Princess', as stated by a contemporary) in Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera of " Iolanthe." Mr. Brougli on that occasion made his' debul as the Lord Chancellor, and Mrs. Brougli hers as the Fairy Queen. It was at once recognised that in Mr. Brougli we had a genuine comedian of rare talent; but the lady was but a mild success, and gave but little indication of that power and versatility which were afterwards to stamp her as one of the best actresses on the Australian stage. In this respect one is almost glad that things are as they have been, since now all playgoers feel a personal pride in remembering that all Mrs. Brought natural abilities have been fostered and maturedW an almost entirely colonial experience fi^d trifling. Whilst all will concede to Mrs. Broagh Considerable natural ability, it must be pl«ced46 her credit that her present high position lias,been in a great measure due to her "infinite capacity for taking pains." No actress upon the stage has given more conscientious study and thought to her representations, and the result has been that she has touched nothing that she has not adorned. She has represented all sorts and conditions of female character, from the Shakespearian heroine to the comically-credulous wife or extraordinary woman who figures so largely in modern farcical comedy. She has run the gamut of the feminine stage, and she has struck a happy chord on every key of it. * * * * The many characters which Mrs. Brough has undertaken during the twelve years which she has spent in Australia would take a column to merely enumerate, andwe need only refer to a couple of her latest renderings to call to the mind of the public both her talent and her versatility. Her impersonation of Mrs. Arbuthnot, in " A Woman of No Importance," afforded a magnificent specimen of emotional acting.. The manner in which she represented the subdued emotions of a woman who has sinned, and is bearing her punishment silently and uncomplainingly, was deserving of all possible praise as an instance of the telling effect to be gained by quiet yet powerful acting, whilst the outbursts of frenzied passion in the last act enabled the actress to rise to the greatest heights of tragic power. Yet the following night this clever artiste could fall from the sublime to the ridiculous, and compel, as the White Elephant, shrieks of laughter from the very people whose tears she drew when she put on the counterfeit presentment of Mrs. Arbuthnot. • As for Mr. Brough, his name has become a household word for a special kind of quaint humour which he has made particularly his own, although his acting in such plays as " A Village Priest" shows clearly that when necessary he can put off the cap and bells ahd depict the more serious emotions with an earnestness and force that carry his audience away and make them lose all recollection of the quondam jester, who moved their mirth as some middle-aged gentleman getting into unpleasant fixes and awkward situations. It is greatly to be regretted that two such genuine artists do not find sufficient inducement to remain in Australia. They have done much for the colonial stage, elevating and refining it and giving to their patrons the best and latest of everything in the way of dramatic pabulum. Although Melbourne playgoers cannot expect the Brouglis to play the part of missionaries to their own pecuniary loss whilst other and more remunerative fields are open to them, wje can at any rate insist that there has been no lack of appreciation Here. The better class of amusement seekers have always recognised the efforts and paid willing tribute to the merits of Mr. Brough and his talented company. Unfortunately the better class of playgoers are not the numerous majority of those who are in the habit of visiting the theatres. It is all a matter of population. The theatre-going class of any of our cities does not contain a sufficiency of admirers of the refined drama to make a production which does not appeal to the many pay. Consequently, whilst the sterling productions that have been given to us by the Brougli-Boucicault and the Brough Comedy Company have improved and widened our dramatic taste, the circle is not yet- large enough to make such productions remunerative enough to managers. The fact is to be regretted, but the fact remains. Mr. Brough has been considerate of his patrons' desires to the last, as is shown by his consent to devote his last nights to a number of revivals which will operate as a pleasant summary of a pleasant past. On the 17th "A Woman of No Importance " will be staged for three nights, on the 20th " A Village Priest" for six nights, on the 27th "The Passport" for three nights, on the 31st " The Second Mrs. Tanqueray " for two nights, and on the 2nd prox. "Dandy Dick" for two nights. Then the Broughs will go to London, and all genuine lovers of the drama will say " Good luck go with them!" THE startlingly-clever and agile performances of Messrs. Wilton and Stack on the horizontal bar at the Opera House apprar to have made a. great impies ion upon the patrons of the Tivoli Minstrels. Splendid attendances nightly greet the daring feats with enthusiastic applause. The orotesque entertainment of the Deleviue Brot hers is one of the leading features upon the bill. ;, n .l fully deserves the marked recognition whir;, it receives at the hands of the audience. The Si-i< v 6 Winterfcon are not what is styled of the p<-« na, stamp of lady entertainer, but both sisters up for any lack of force by their graceful muhnw of dancing and their clever mandolin, accomy,.,,^. ments. As dancers the Allisons occupy the lii-_rh.-si rank, whilst Mr. Charles Godfrey,, who, by--.hrway, is about to bid us farewell, is facile „, ,,.< as an amusing comique and a dramatic vo«-i»i!#i. The Wednesday watn.ees, instituted for the . .MIvenience of families residing out of town. ;i!v invariably well attended. THE Waxworks continues to attract the pu Mi. in large bodies on account not only of its old, v 11. established and favourite features, but also by ir,~ unfailing succession of novelties, the lab-i „f which is the singing, and instrumentation ,,( Signor Leo Alnacei an Italian vocalist of exeoll. iit order, who not only renders fair baritone Fongs, plays' the guitar, but sings a splendid i'als, ;io (soprano); thus giving a double-voiced' selci i ion of duets, &c.; He is admirably accompanied <>n the pianoforte by Mrs. E. Hay garth. The nevvrfailing glassblowers, Mr. Lacy, the prestidVuit>ii.-n and ventriloquist, and the dual cyclorama, hnvt. also each their numerous admirers. 