CnAiTEnXV.-" WIIKKKTHKSLA VE CEASES." "It's ull very well for you," said Krink, fixing a contemptuous glance upon his prisoner, " to talk as you are doing. 'Ow evcr, I'vo heerd your sort afore, my fine fellow, an'1 knows jual thc vally of your rcmaiks. It's a mighty smart thing now to pretend us you ain'tdeod.ain'tit? But you see I knows bettor ? wc knows better-everybody knows hotter. Thc real, genuine an' proper Jahn Treuson died fourorfive<layssin',and wosbcrricdycstcrday ; airly un1 squarely put hy ; au' for you to try and come it that you're him, is rayther too steep for .ne. I hev boord as 'ow somo fellow once reckoned up 'ow many fools thecr was in this country ; it seems a slifCsh thing to cal'k'latc, hut he done it. Now all I've got to say i as I'm not one o' them. Not mel Wi..-rt Doctor Smellip knows you died, v ti Timothy Midgcr knows he measure* ou for that hu-liful wooden weskit, knowB he ;uv you u ride to church in his own hearse, win-u Skjdu knows he covered you up as cosily ..s needs he, I knows enough not tu he Bich a fool as to believe you ainl dead." Treuson started in dismay, for Kriok'e »ords filled with vague fears ; hut he mude an effort to recovor his old suprcmaoy. " Uutio these cords at once, you scamp. If not I'll make you suffer dearly for it." " Kriuk frowned ungrily. " Mop that 'cte rubbish at once," he said. " If you're williu' to listen to reason I'm 'ere on purpose to talk it ; if you ain't I'm off downstairs for a bit till you comes to your senses. Only remember thU, you ain't goin' to be untied ; you uin't goin' to leave Ibis room !" It was clearly of no use threaten. " What is it you have to say then ?" " Ah !" Kow that's »hut I calls rashinul," , responded the victor with an approving nod. " \ou'U come to your senses-what few you've got that is-by and by, I kin sec. rirst of all ; I'll just state thc case. It's like this. John Trenson, a miserly an' cruel old beggar that he was, is dead. Stone dead ! as I said before. Everybody knows it, doctor, under- taker, sexton, everybody--" " But my housekeeper knows different and can prove it." " lut'ruplin' agen," said Krink, with a mortified air. " Will you bo quite or wou't you? Kezia Adams fell downstairs larst night, scared out'n her wits wi' lightin' a ghost to bed-an' no wonder. I found her there this mornin' with her neck broken, quito stilfan' cold. She's no good SB a witness, none at all !" TrcnBou's eyes dilated with terror. He realised for the first time how completely he was at thc mercy of his grotesquo tormentor, cud that if thc despised victim of his tyranny did but possess courage to carry out the scheme his words foreshadowed he was indeed a lost man. Krink suw the effect his announcement had made, and chuckling hoarsely rubbed his broad siucwy hands together in great glee. I " Well, now, seeing that you're dead, your grau'sou cunies iulo your property, not fora { month as you intended, but for good. Further, this gran'son is rather a queer fellow. He'll want someone to look after the property -I'm just thc mau for the job. I kuows all thc ins an' outs of things, au' net bein' ono of them fools I was talkiu' about, I knows, too, as the most valleyable article he nossosses is an old loonatic in this ere room who thinks he's dead gran'father ! See ? Well, I'm cither goin' to look after you until he's had time to collect all thc money together an' go abroad with it, or if ho stays here-au I'm mightily feared he will be silly cuough to do so from what I've heerd-I am goin' to see as you're ken' out'n his Bight for thc rest of your days. i'rensou groaned, and the speaker frowned horribly. " Don't go makin' that row I You've notliin' to grumble ut. I'll treat you better'n old Skidc would, and that's promisin' more'n you deserve. You'll bc awful comfortable ; awful ! You'll be well fed un' well looked aficr-'specially looked after, oh yes I All you'll hev to do'll be to keep very quiet, feared o' vcxin' me, cos I don't like vexin'. Then I hears as- spcrrits ii always u-hankerin' after newe from Hie world they've left ; so I shall coi ic every day an' let you know how Mr. Abner is spcudiu1 the mou.y-his money you know-au' how nicely he's enjoyin' hisBol I" A muttered curse broke from the lips of thc miserable old man as he thought of this disastrous miscarriage of his plans. Never hud anyone becu more completely entrapped in his own schemes. To bc alive, to hear daily of the wasting of his cherished hoards, to bo told of the enjoyments of thc man ho huted with a hate that ouly those of IIÍB vin- dictive temperament can feel- thia waB worse than death. In thc fury of his despair lie made tho most violent efforts lu free himself from his bonds, but Kriuk's work had beeu done too well to admit of this. Thc lillie fellow sat there, a couple of yurds away, as he rolled lo and fro on tho floor, cursing in his impotence und threatening such retribution as would have made Krink tremble in the old days, but which uow only sot him croaking delightfully and tinully laughing until the room rang uguin. Presently, however, he grew grave once more, and shook his head solemnly. " lt's bad form that 'ere," lie Buid im- pressively. " Very bad form. You ought to bc ashamed of Biveariu' like Hi at with u corpse io thc house, two corpses in fact, an' I ought to be ashiimcd of laughiu' amid sich surroundings." J'renson'o ouly reply was a further volley of fierce oaths aud u moro determined offort thai) before lo freo bis limbs from thc galling cords. Bold eyed his efforts with a critical but censuring glance. "If that's your little game," he said at length, " I'd better knock you on tbe head at once. You'te ugoin' to be a uoosance to yourself and everybody else. Tbecr ain't no harm in killin' a dead man, an' what's more, theer ain't no law agia it as ever I heerd on. W hoer's that bloomin' poker T" The victim began to bawl loudly, and Krink rising from his chair bestowed half-a-dozen vigorous kicks on his prostrate form. "What ycr 'owlio' att Shut upi Shut up ! Oh, well, then, you won't, eh ? This 'ere ain't as hard as a poker, but I'll bet it confines that 'owrow 1" With this ho Blipped a long handkerchief over the old mans mouth and tied it so lightly that any further outcry was im- ponible. ".You kloomin' old ting-tang," be said grimly. " I wer agoin' to give you a good break fas' au' leave you comfortable while I arranged this 'ere inquest, but you've 'ad too muc'i corn it appears, an' want starvin' a bit." , Then looking round tho room an open cupboard! caught bis eye. lt was a large one and sufficiently commodious to contain the bound mail. Krink, resolved that come what might he would not allow his prisoner to escape or to give an alarm, took hold of him, and with surprising ease carried bim to the place and set him down carefully in it. "If you git stifled theer that's your own fault," be said. " Nob'dy at all to blame but yourself, you know. You stay theer till night and I'll cöme and see if you're any sensibler." With that, in spite iii tie mute enfraiy which, now that ho was completely beaten, was visible iu John Trenson's eyes, he secured the door and left bim. 