\COUPLETE STORY. ' ' IN - DEADLY PERIL by C. Y. HARGREAVES, Author of " Friend or Traitor," " Tho Soul of Kathleen." coFrmoirr.J IRE UP THE TAR barrel, hnls; firo it up higher still. Tlmt light wouldn't bring a her- ring boat in, ntuoh less a brig. Fetch more wood, more wood, Dick. Tlioro, that's better. Lor. how sho blazes !" The speaker rubbed his hands togotlior, ohuokling with noisy delight, which hud something almost elfish in it. Tho lurid flaming glow from the bonfire sent savage gleams across tho rocks, lighting up ovory hole and cranny with its searching rays. It sent a glow, too, across the troubled, tossing waters ot the mighty Atlantic, lashed now into fury by the on- , coming storm. Cracking, spluttering, blaz ing, like somo hideous funeral pyre, fed hy unholy hands, tho light shot upwards towards tho lidavons, wlilio fnr away across tho wasto of wators, moil's eager eyes, searoli- ing in the storm for plaeo of rofu"c, cnuglit tho reflection of tho gleams, and running their barquo ahead towards what seemed to promise anohorage and sufoty wore caught full in tho blast, searco a_ mile away from the cruel rocks of Crivon Point. Tho liltlo party of wreckers, swarthy, low browed, una brutal, stood on tho summit togother, watching with eager yet pitiless eyes the struggle of tho gallant littlo barque, whoso skipper, realising now tho' trap into which ho liud fallon, strained ovcry nerve to steer away from thoso fatal rooks. But tho fury of tho storm was now at its hoight, and tossed hither and thither _ by tho waves, sucked down 0110 moment into tho throat of somo whirlpool, tho next dashed high above tho surf, his boat drifted help- lesslyliko a splinter of wood before tho wind. . It muttered little whether ho found anchor- ago now, or perished ill the storm. Ho and his barquo with her valuublo cargo must full, at the turn of tho t ide, into tho hands of thoso lawless wretches, to whom meroy was un known, and whoso whole livelihood- often depended upon what tiiey could wrest from tlie clutclios of tho sou. Times huvo changed since tho poor, ill-fated Mary Augusta, of Cardiff, went nahoro thnt terrible night on tho rooks of Crivon Point. Legislation, with her powerful hand, lias cheeked this brutal trade, and what tho sou yields up is no longer tlio possession of the finder ; hut in the year of which I speak, wreaking was tlio rulo rather than tliu ex ception, and lawless hands of men infested ever inch of dangerous coastline, soekmg by their bonfires to attruot soma gallant ship to her mini Tlio tide had already turned, and was run ning out, tlio fury of tlio storm seemed to lie abating somowhnt, hut the littlo bilrquo struggled no longer. Sho had gone to pieces on tlio sharp rocks, mid tlio wild waste of tlio tossing waters was strown with dark musses ' of floating debris. WI1011 morning dawned fin attempt would bo nindo to roaoli tho main portion of tlio wreck, but nt pros cut tlio hardy fishermen contented thomsnlvcs with snatching from tlio ruthless griiBp of tho wators such flouting flotsam and jotsum as could bo easily procured. . It was a wild, weird scone, but not without a picturesque clement. The moon had risen now, us if to aid the men in their unholy search, but the bonfire, 110 longer required, was hurtling down to a dull red glow, tlio licat in its vicinity almost insufferable. Perhaps a woman, who until thon lind been a passive spectator of tho wild scene, stand ing motionless 011 one of the narrow lodges of rock, found this, warmth more penetrating than welcome, for sho moved suddenly away when, owing to the fall of a piceo of timber, a bright lluino of sparks shot out in her direction, bringing with it un intensified heat. She loosed tho courso shawl iu whioh, until now, she had been wrapped, unci allowed it to full, rcvculiug tho lissomo lines of her shapely ffguro. Sho was tall, considerably ubovo tho uvorago height for a womun, easy 111 her guit, with 1111 agility which spoke volumes for tho frca opou-uir life sho lived. " A hud work, ' 11 bad work," alio mur mured, striking hor clenched hand upon tho rnuk. "Ah, theso poor doomed wrotolics! May God luivo meroy upon them, for man will not." Hor eyes, senroliing the wild waves, seomed to tuke in ovcry detail. Sho oould seo tlio men, waist deep in the water, fighting with the waves and each other for a slmro of the spoil, tlioir voices, oaths, and shouts coming clearly up to her ubovo tho moaning of tho wind. Further away, motionless upon the wrock-strown shore, lay two figures. It was 110 now sight — sho had seen such often boforo — but even now, familiar though tho scene had grown, a slight shudder oonvulscd her. Then slio turned und ran lightly down the rooks. A minuto lator sho was amongst tho busy orowd. Thoro wore women there, too, loud-voiced, brazen, lacking in every softer feminine attribute, unci eager na tho men for their shuro of tlio spoil. Justus Jonn Mullory readied tlio shore, I another body had boon brought iu — that of a I tail, slim man, whose dress, although minus coat and wuistcont, testified to his rank in lifo. ! There wus a slight soufllo between tlio two men wlio hud dragged him up 011 to tho shore. But the flnu was n rich one ; quite a little store of gold foil into their cagor hands as tlioy rifled his pockets. On or two things, such us old lottors, a huneli of keys, and a lead ponoil, thoy flung uiviiy with 1111 oath, leaving the mau.tliero amongst liis ill-fatecl companions. Joun Mullory bout over him. His faco, with its aquiline fcaturos and waves of ourly hair, was of iiidesoribnble beauty ; ho seemed as muuh removed from her world . as if lie woro a creatine of another homi- . sphoro. She toro open liis ruffled shirt, pluu- ing her liuucl upon his heart. It still boat faintly. Just then 0110 of tho men came up to lior — a swarthy, dark-eyed man, with a dare-devil beauty, whioh appalled even while it attracted. " We are in Juok's way to-night, Joan," ho suid, plaoing his hand fumiUtirly upon her shoulder. Such a rare haul, und mine no poor share. Another night liko this, and you and I oan set up our tent together. What are you doing with this fellow? Ah, ray girl, his pockets wore rifled Bomo time sinco ; there is nothing for your pretty fingors. A pity, tho, since you are not over fond of poking about acud men. Brought your mind to your situation, oh ? It's time. The wifo of a wrcokcr can't afford to have flue feelings." "Ho lias nothing worth taking," alio said, rising from her knees with apparent indiffer ence ; but a keen observer might huvo noticed that she romaiuod standing in such a position 'that her skirts partially sheltered tlio pros trate man. Is this night's work over yet?" " Pretty nearly. C01110, confess now, Joan j it is an easy way of making a livelihood." " An oasy hut a oruol way," she returned. . He frowned a littlo, olutcbiug hor shouldor with a grip that pained her. " Don't bo a fool," ho said, roughly, " If It were a now guinoono might oxonse your squeamishnoss, , but huvon't you spent nil your lifo in it? Bali, my j-iri, what is tho j difference ? Somo hunt animals, and somo ibunt men. It's all tho. same iu tho long ' Iran." Sho seemed as if about, to speak, olieoked horsolf and was silent. The wind blow now S11 gusts. Joan's liair had beoomo unloosed ' ,t ml wus blowing about lior face iu ourly tendrils. Store Batliurst's ftiee ohnnged, 1m draw tho girl nearer to him, pressing ills lips a momeut to lior pulo ohook. "I couldn't givo up tho work, even if I wonld— boouuso it Is tho only way l ean imiike a homo for you," lm muttorod, his 'roino vibrating with a iloroo passion ; thon ho mushed hor a little roughly away, and wont louok to join his follows. Joan looked after him. In her eyes was an expression half dread, half fascination. Ho was to he lior husband— this man who held human life so lightly that he would tako ;it with careless indiiTormico, as ho might I'wring a sparrow's neck. Already the (glamour ofth.ir early courtship had faded. She wus longing now only to he freo. As 'she moved, ber glanoo. fell on the .prostrate man. Hie' eves. were .open, istiirmg, at her 111 dazed bowildci'ihont. , Hie oruol waves had done only half tlmir work-.: bulFetted,>; tossed . about, bruised by tho rocks, he was still alive, and conscious. Thought is quick, and thought- '.accelerated by apprehonsion'qniokcrqitilt; . ' : "Bo silont — for your/ life," tnurmuretl .loan, bending over him, and though ih'ut faintly understanding, tho mail obeyed. She knew woli what tie did not — that .: this . ' desporato band of wreckors ' would : think notning of taking away what littlo life remained to their viotim". Living,: he, "might still witness against them— dead,' he would- bo harmless. _ . All tho woman Joan, Mallory's hoiirl awoko into being. She would save' this hum' — save just this one, und by doing so, case at least somo of tho intolerable smart of , 0011- sciencc, whioh .was hor.portionduv aud.niglit. But it would be no ' easy task. , She lienl down on pretence to fasten lmr shoo. Eyes and ears woro ail around them. "Do you understand mo?" sho said, in a rapid whisper. "Ton are in , pern of your lifo here, but I will save you,- if I oan. Listen : .'Can you move, do yon think ?" ' Ho whispored hack a faint affirmative; Tho wind laid fallen to a 'envious quietness, ovon the- booming of. the waves was loss distinct. Joan Mallory's practised eyes, looking seawards, saw coming what might bo tho man's salvation. Slowly it moved onwards, ovor broadening, hit by hit, ' misty, ' impalpahlo, wliito anrl opuquo, clinging like smoko, -wreaths around tlio slmi-puned points of tlio rocks, hiding ovon tlmir rugged fronts, rendering, moro and more indistiuot tho knots of men, busy at tlioir gruosoino work. This Hen, fog. nil unexpected its it was, gave Joan Mnllovy hor chance. She tightoned lior fingers on the man's wrist. "Now— come with mo," she whispored. "Don't spotik, don't utter a word. Your lire, pcrluips mine, hangs on our seorooy:" . . He raised liimsolf with an effort, stiffing a moan of pain botwoen his clenched teeth. It scorned to Forbes Dovoroux as if ovcry bono in his body wore out of joint, huh whom this girl oxhibitod such bravery, ho could scarcely show himself ti coward. Well waa it for Joan Mullory now that she could, oven blindfolded, hnvo found lior way from cast to west of Crivcn Point. Dovereux stumbled along besido hor. Hnlf-porisimd witli oold, duzed, suffering und exhausted, it scorned to him, iu liis ctrfooblcd condition, tlmt thoy must iiavo walked for miles, although in reality the distance scarcely measured four hundred yards. Around thorn tho fog was thickening. He could Hcnvcoly distinguish the outlino of liis companion's flguro. At last tlio girl stopped, and feeling cautiously about, seemed to bo moving a-ido somo bnslma, which probubly conceded the mouth of a cave. " It is only a poor shelter," . sho said, apologetically, "but anything is bettor than tho open bench. Come, bond your bond, because tho eiitranno is so low. You are quito safe nt present." Dovoroux oboyod: a moment lator they were out of tho fog, it is trim, but iu pitchy darkness. Joun Military, wlio had produced a tinder box from somewhere, struck' u light. Devorcux looked round him in surprise. Despite tlio pain lie was suffering, his curiosity had boon keenly aroused by the events of the last four minutes ; nil this savoured of romauoo, and to a highly strung, imaginative man liko Forbes Dovereux, romance possesses a keon fascination. The enve was a largo 0110, torn hy somo terrible convulsion of nature, ill tlio heart of 011c of thoso mighty rocks, which mado tho coast lino of Crivon Point such n terror to mariners. It was a ritdo enough shcltor, lint as Joan lind said, would serve their purpose. Two lodgos of rook, jutting out from tho wall, mado a convenient resting-place, and upon one of tlieso was thrown a skin rag. The floor waa covered by a carpet of rushes, ' and the atmospiioro of tho nave, although by 110 means airy, was far from unpleasant. To Devoreux, after tho chilling cold and fog outside, it felt like heaven. Ifn sank on to 0110 of the ledges, rubbing -liis chilled hands together, in a vain effort to iuduco soiuc warmth. Joan meanwhile was kindling a firo from somo dried sticks at tlio further end of tho eavo. It blazed brightly up, wanning tlio atmosphoro, although rendering it perhaps a little choky. Dovoroux was iu no. mind to cavil at this. -Ho coughed onco or twico, 1ml. it was hotter to ho worm and partially stilled here, than perish outsido. Joan handed him 11 bottle. ' Sho had un corked it, mid a strong smell of spirits flouted up to him. Dovereux drank it ougerly. A slow firo hogan to burn in his veins, circula tion, hitherto slow, quickened, u grateful warmth porvadod every nerve, already ho felt refreshed, invigorated, as if new life had been put into him. " It iB good stuff," I10 said, handing tlio bottle baok to lmr. A lialf-smilo dawned in tho girl'a brilliunt oyes. " Yes," sho said, " thoro hns been 110 duty paid 011 that, so it tastes better. Wo are primitive folks out lmro in tlio west." "Very priniitivo," ho said slowly. "So primitive that your companions nro willing to lure a gallant barquo to lmr rain, oaring loss for tho valuable lives she onrrios than the indifferent merchandise with which she is loaded. Toll mo now — I don't understand. Why liavo you suved my life— you belong to tliom ?" Ho wns staring at tlio girl's handsome face. What a licaltliy, spirited incarnation of womankind sho uppciired, standing there in tho lurid light of the fire, tho magnificent lines of faco and flguro brought into bold relief against thnt ruddy background. A quiok glow of sliumo burned on hor olioeks. "Yes. I am one of thorn, 'God help mo," Bho said sorrowfully. "But it is by no clioico of mine." " Your father, your hrothors, liavo part in tho brutal traffic f" . Joan shook lier liciul. " I lmvo noitlior ono nor tlio otlior. Thoy rescued 1110, a ivaif from tho ocean, and so I liavo lived with thorn ever since. In their rough wily thoy liavo been good to mo, and— I euunot botray thorn. Still I lmvo lougod to go away, to earn my living hy honest work, hut what onn a poor, ignorant iislior girl do ? I urn bound hand and foot. I did . not know always tho terrible soerots of Orivon Point, or tlmt gallunt ships woro lured by false beacons to wrook and riiiii. If I oould find means of cscapu I would." Hor sombroeyes wcro gazing into tlio fire, tho bright colour had fadod from her ohenks, Dovoroux crossed tlm eavo to hor. I-Io movod slowly, and with ditfioulty. " Whydou't you escape," liooriod eagerly . " Come, you huvo saved'niy lifo, lot ins save J'ours, for indeod it is 110 life, wliioh you livo lore. It is death ; a living death — nuy worso than death." Joan caught lior breath, staring baok at him with startled, distended oyos. "I will help you,'! hourged.- It wus a strange seono. Tho riido eavo, blackened with smoko wreaths, the; two figures standing motionless thero iu tho strong light, Doveroux's handsome faco, pulo- with agitation, his shirt soaking wot, torn and besmirched with blood stains, pleudiug with Joan as he might liavo ploadcd with 11 Hi'stur.' The girl's 'curious charm and fusmiiutioii, which hud . so dominated oven tho luwloss heart of Sto'vo Bathurst, assorted itsolf again; making Dovoroux us a rood in this new passion, which was us fioroo as it wiis uiiao- eouutublo. Hon liavo tumbled into lovo as rapidly as thoy have tumbled into linte— and indeed the girl wns very beautiful. - "But what should I do in your -world f" shosald, sadly; ".No, it is impossible. .. I must remain hero, marry, and bring up ohildron in this sumo hateful life." .. "Never !" hooxilniracd. r "I will save you in spite of yourself." - " But your own life is not :ovon assured yet," sho suid, with a wistful smilo. "It hangs on a thread. Discovery lioro would; mean certain death to you. , Wo must move warily.": : . ' "Doos anyone know, of this on vo besides yourself ?" lie asked. . " One other : tho maul liavo promised t<> marry," Dovoroux frowned, nnd was silont. . , " I dare not koop you hero very long," she went on rapidly, 'i Boforo morning you must have left. If the storm abates I will proouro a boat and row you up tho 0011st as far as Bardot. There you would bosnfo and oould make your way . across country to tlm nearest town, itave you niiy money P" . Dovoroux oxmuiiiud lils pockets.-. . . "No," ho said, liitlf -comically. "Your friends hare .tukeu means, to prevent my. becoming --a -spendthrift."-. . Joan blushed scarlet -With 'sliunic.''' Dovoroux took- her hands suddenly in his own '? "Listen -to mo," he exclaimed. "I will not leave this place without you,, of that I am determined.': If csiaipe is possiblo, then lot uq escape together," -. . " Thoro was a pause. Suddenly Joan started uwny from; htm.: Placing lior finger oil ' her lips, slio cropt stealthily to the entrance of the bavo. , Her practised ears, ovor on tho alert, bail cnuglit the sound of footsteps,' loud, dominant footsteps which chased every atom of "colour ' from hor chocks. Then came a rustling of tlio bushes. ' >> "Quick" "whispered Joan in" an agony of apprehension, motioning Dcverqitx to tho durkest, corner of tho eavo. " It. hi Bathurst." , Dovoroux crouched low. IIo was 110 coward," hut. his heart heat unpleasantly fast. Whatever the strength of a man's courage, the cbiisoiousiicss that ho is- absolutely unarmed and at his enemy's meroy might bo exottso enough for ' apprehension, and if Dovereux wus doiioto deuth hero tlioro would be no witness against liis murderer savo one frail woman whose life hung also in tho balance. ' "Aro yoii there, Joan ?" called a strong voioe witli p noto of command in its tones. "Yes," /answered Joan; "what do you want, Stovo ?" ' " Yon, " ho laughed, and pushing asido tho hushes, strode in. . " I missed you, and sol started in search.: Truly u wild night to hide yourself. here, Joan !" '.'.I eanm: for something I had loft here yostorday," slm said tranquilly. "What havo y ou there, Stove.?!' : Bathiirst laughed ngiiih. Ho was dangling 11 long gold chain beforo hor byes. : Dovereux in his corner oonld seo it glitter, as the ohaiu swung slowly to and fro. "Something for your" pretty iieok, , my Joan. Itis piu-t of to-night's spoil, and I ohiimcd itin my.sharo. Will Tressuily fought mo for it, but my thaws and sinews . are slrongor, than his. Come, let 1110 fasten it round you;" , J01111 shrank away from him. "Ah, don't— don't nit mo to take it, Stove,", bho wailed, forgetting in hor horror oven her own safety and Doveroux's. " It is the price of blood. I should sea the stains always." Batliurst flung it down with nn oath, shak ing her roughly by tho shoulders. Dovereux caught liis breath, for 0110 moment passion had almost overmastered him. "You dam to spoak to mo liko that?" foamed the man,, half-clioked with rage. " This is all 1 got for my lovo iind devotion to yon. Scorn, gibes, nbiisn. Do you think 1 11m lnndo of flesh und blood, or stone ? By heavens, but I'll tcaoli you bettor tiiuu that. I'll ho played with 110 longer !" IIU powerful framo was quivering with anger, tho veins 011 his forehead stood mil- like whipuord. Joan tull. alort, strong though she wns, secmod but 11 ohild in his grip. "I boliovo you euro ovon moro for tho body of that dead man whom I found you hanging over on tho beach, searco two hours ago, than -you do for , me, lie wont on, stamping tho chain under his foot. "But I warn you, I warn you, that I'll bring you to my kuocs yet." Bathurst hanged out of tho eavo. Jonn, with hor face burled in lior hands, was sob- hing piteously. "Ah, what have I done ?" sho wailed honoiitli hor hroatlv. " Fool that I am ; when I should hnvo conciliated him, lulled his suspicions, I bavo mado things doubly difficult. Wo nro undone." : Dovereux did his best to consolo her. Hopo is an important factor in tho liumiui breast. It could not bo that after all thoso hairbreadth escapes luolc wonld fursako him now. Joan dashed her tears aside.. She was silent mid seemed to ho thinking deeply. . " Wait hero," Rho said at last. "I must go out and search. Thero is 110 time to lose now." . " But," lie urged, filled with chivalrous four for her. " You may he running into danger. Perhaps thoy huvo ovon guessed lit my escape. At least lot mo come with you and tako tlio risk also." 'I Tlmt would servo 110 good purposo," said Joan, putting him buck with 11 resolute baud. "I must go alone. It. is possible Bathurst may bo outside ; und if so lie might — I do not know.'" "Girl!" exclaimed Devorenx, spoakin" by forco of. lior oxsmplo in low. guarded tones, " you euunot surely dreum of murrying this man, steeped us ho is, as ho must be, from head to foot in briino ? You would participate ill his sin." "No," sho said, ill a low, troubled voice, "Iliavatohl liim over and over again that until I10 gives up this horrible work I will liovor miu-ry him." "Thero would bo still the past, hideous memories to crowd nliout your heart und soil every innocent thought of tlio present. Joan — or name is Joun, is it not ? — I beseech you hy everything you hold sacred to come away -with 1110 now, to shako tho dust of this accursed pluoo from your feet, forgot iBaUmrst nnd his brutal cominuiious, and lire II now lifo elsowhoro." "That is fur tho futnro to decide," said iToiiu, quietly. "I must coiisidor our present safety. Do not dotain me any longer, sir. - Lot 1110 seo what help I can find." Joan Mnllory wont out. A momory had darted into her mind of having curlier in tho day seen a boat drawn up 011 the shingles at tlio foot of the rock which at present guvo them shelter. If it woro still there, uiid unin jured hy storm, then tlioir sufoty— provided, of courso, sho had not Stevo Bathurst -to reckon with — wus assured. Tlio fog was clearing rapidly away — almost too rapidly, Joun feared, bccuuso ill the keen, searching rays of tho moonlight lior niovo- incuts could lie distinctly scon. Still thoro was 110 liolp font, tho danger, wlmtovor it might provo, must bo faced. She could nut at first, dotcrmino exactly wlioro tho boat lay ; . surely it had boon almost directly in front of their hiding-pluco, hut now it hud dis appeared. Oil, 110, tliunk lieiivou, tlioro it wus ; a littlo moro to tho right, but thoro still, untouohed, unharmed by tlio terrible storm. Joan's practised eye ran over tlio dosnluto wasto of shiuglo. Thoro would bo littlo or'no difficulty to launch tlio boat hero, and once silont Shu olaspcd her hands together, looking wistfully about. After all, this place, this lonely little Crivon Point, had beon hor home, and its peoplo, . after their fashion, kind to her. Homo self- roprouuh lniuglod with that wild intoxicuting hope of freedom. Must slio leuvo them thus, without a single look, u whispcrod word of Ihnnks and furo- wcll ? Slio bent down to oxamiuo . tho bout, tlion started, it half uttered cry un lier Hps. Tho boat wus Batliurst's— tlio " Joan Mullory." . In his first llusli, of prido and passion Bathurst hud christened liis good uraft hy tlio name of tlia womun ho lovod. Many a pleasant hour hud' Jouu passed in it. anil now , ut lust sho was putting it to a trenqliorous use, and tlio '! Joan Mullory " mus£ eorvo us u moans . of ; esoapSi Sho sat down iu tho, steirn,' buryiug < her faco in her rough hands. Up there in tho eavo Forbes' Dovoroux wuitod impatiently. . "I want to do right, I want to do right, hut tlio way is vory hard," murmured Joan beneath lier breath. Presontly bIio boourne aware of voices— stops. v Only, just in timoto cneapo observation, Juan kiielt (loivn behind tlio bout, holding hoi' breath, for fear of dotootion, Tho uotion itsolf was unwiso, but Joan did not pause to tliiuk. Indeed alio had no time; for tlio spcakors, wlio had emerged from heliind a low group of honlders, detached fragments from tho mighty rooks ubovo, woro oloso upon tho boat almost beforo Jouu had orouohed behind it for shelter. Slio recognised Batliurst's voice, and tromhlod . violently. If thoy should rnako un uttcmpt to litunoh tho bout, sho must be dis covered. Oiio of tho men sat down upon it ; sho oonld fool tho boat shift under his weight, und hour tlio dull swish of water wliioh had collected in tlio bottom. ; " What is this oook-and-hull story going ubout. amongst tlio womon ?" said Batliurst's rough voice. . Tlio second man laughed. Ho was digging holes In tho sliiiiglo with the hools of his heavy boots. . .. " Oh, so you henrd it?" ho said, and Joan rooogulsod tlio spoaker— lior foster brother,. Howson Mullory. "A oook-iind-bull story truly. Tlio womon soy thero woro flvo bodies washed up on the shore, and now thoro aro hut four for tho parson to bury. Ono must have walked ; only doad man don't ofton wulk." : " I seem to remomhor seeing five mysolf," said Bathurst. slowly. " " Boon drinking, oh P" "I hadn't tiiuo for. oven nnlp at tho whisky bottle this night, but I did seo fire." " Ob, gammon ; you're worse than the women. What's running in your head now?" . . " I'vo a mind to look for tliut fifth man,"- went on Batliui'st.' "Maybe' I could find him." Joan's heart stood still. "What, going to look now?" .There wns nnmi8ta)sahle derision in Hewson Mallory's voice. , "No, not now; I'll wait a bit. Time enough : lio can't got away in u hurry. Maybe Joan knows somothhig of this." "Joan?— bless the girl, not she. What put thnt into your lieud ?" "I vookon that's 110 business of yours," said Bathurst, sullenly. "But sho -wasn't oven 011 tho beaoli. 1 saw her up there hy the bonfire. Ontcli Joan amongst that work. You know lior bettor." "Well, sho was there, that's all, for I talked with hor," ratortcd Bathurst. " Quarrelled again P Why don't you leave the girl 11I0110P She'll never marry you." "Won't she?" Batliurst rapped out an oath between his teeth. "Wo'll see about thnt." " Hallo, where uro you going P" shouted Mallory. His companion had cvidontly tuade 11 movement to dopurt. Tho boat gavo a great lurch, squeezing Joan's fingers as if iu a trap. With diffloulty she repressed a sorcitm. " I loft my (log on guard up thoro by tho cliff," suid Bathurst. Joan could just mako out tho words, itlthough tlm speaker wus now some distuneo away. " Trapped 11 couple of gulls, so I am going for them. ' A moment tutor Hewson Mallory also moved off. Oruuch, crunch, crunch, his heavy stops wont ncross tho sliingle. Joun did not iltiro to move. Sho must givo him a fow minutes' olour start. It was just possiblo he might soek her in the cava, but sho felt sure that if lie did ho would call out to lier first, und, failing to roeeivo an answer, would not go in. Joun forvontly prayed thnt this might ho so. Sho simply dared not disclose licrsolf now. Dovereux must tako the risk. Her presence nt this late hour of the night, and hero amongst the roolcs, would only intensify the dungar. So slio rcinuincd crouching thoro behind the beat. Meanwhile tlio fog con- tinned to lift. Now, us ill look wonlrl have it, Mnllory did go to tho euro in sciueh of Joan, hut, con trary to what slio had hoped, not receiving any answer, lie went boldly in. -Forbes Devcrcux, warned in timo by the licnvy stops and Mallory's voioo humming 11 rollicking song, hud rolrontod to tho further corner of tho cuvc, hiding liimsolf under tho rag) wliioh lie liud hastily dragged down. From this liidhig-pliiuo lie could tuko stock .of his enemy nnd calculate the ohiuioo of victory if it ctimo to a struggle botween thom. In this one instanoe Devereux hud cause to congratulate . himsolf. Mullory was by no means Bnthurst's equal in sizo or strength, so that wliilo in an encounter with tlio latter Devereux would have been but as a roed, ho could, ho fiuioiod, iiiuko short work of tho now-eonior. . Thoro wns not muoh timo to Ioho, oitlior.' Any moment Joan- might return. He must mako things suro before she did so. Besides, Dcveroux's blood wus up und itching to he ut his enemy. Ho would show scant mercy, for liud not this man, iu summon with others, lured the ill- fated Mary Augusta to lior ruin,- and her helpless crew to their doatli ? Meanwhile lio waited his opportunity. It wont against the grain to tako any man at a disadvantage and attuok him from behind, hut I10 had tho girl's safety also to consider. His own dofcut might mean to hor — wliut? Ho scarcely dared think. Mnllory sat down ut last 011 a short-legged stool near tho tiro. It was chilly outsido, and ho rubbod his hands togotlior as if tho warmth lioro woro pleasant. Dovoreux's hand closed upon a coil of ropo near to him.. Ho would have need of that. Then, quickly, cautiously, with bated breath, and noiseless tread, lio stole forth from his liiding-placa. Ono step, two, tliroo, then Devereux, coming in contact witli s projeotion of rook in tlio floor, kicked his foot uguinst it. Thore wus a harsh scrape, u hung— Mallory jumped to his feet, fuoing Dovereux in tlio dim light, sturting as if ho had soon, a ghost. _ Taking advantage of this ono second's indecision, Dovoroux flung himself upon his enemy, Tho deadly straggle hogan. To und fro, to and fro, thoy rocked, swayed and wrestled, no sound savo a muttered ourso, or tlioir saviigo laboured breath, to break the silence ; hut ut last suporior woiglit, muscle, and trainiug hogan to tell. Mallory, who was no mntoli for his antagonist, fought dosporatoly against tho unequal odds, hut ho wus (lone, tho struggle grew weaker, ho tripped, tried to regain his bnlunco, swayed heavily about, unil then went down. Keeping ono knee upou liis antagonist's chest, Dovereux l eached out his hand for the coil of ropo, and firmly pinioned Mnllory lmnd nnd foot, the helpless man making hut feeble resistance. . In tlio midst of all this, Joan camo in. Speechless, terrified, alio stood by the entrance of tho cuvorn, looking on with startled, uppreliansive oyes. , "Yes," snid Dovoroux, grimly. "Thore was 110 other way. Ho would not have hesitated to take my life. I liavo but tuken liis liborty." Mullory burst into a storm of oxcoratidns. Joan shrunk away, trembling in ovory limb. Tho littlo scono had completely unnerved her. " Hold your tongue," said Devorenx, emphasising his words with 11 kiok. "Huvo you forgotten she is a woman, you bound ?" ' Thon ho draw Jouu without tho eavo. " You' must cmue now," lio said. " You onnnot stay lioro." "Ah, but to leavo him liko this, it is brutal," alio sobbed. "Ho may starve lioro." " No four of thut. I will send inessongors to-morrow, A night's fast will do him no harm. Still, If you wish to roniuin — Joan was silont. It was evident tho strugglo in Iter inind.wits long and fiorco, hut nt lust she looked up. Hor fuoo was drawn and puloj-but the firo of courage was burning in hor oyos. This wns 110 timo for tears. " Tho storm Ims abated, uiid just bolow us 011 tlio shinglo thero is a boat," sho whispored. " Tho sou is still very rough, hut something must bo risked ! , You uro tired, exhausted I know, hut-: :" , . " Not too tirod; to mako a strugglo. for my lifo," ho. said, gently, "but what about you?" "I go also," sho responded, with a sob just breaking tho words; " There is 110 pluco for 1110 now — lioro," Silently, hund iu hand, liko oulprits fleoing from justice, tho two fugitives mudo their way carefully down tho iiuovett slopo wlilqli led to tho beuoh below. Every vostigu of tho fogr had olearod awuy, und overhcud tlio moon, Bailing through tho storm -to-isod sky, sont hor olear beams across the rooky coust nnd waste of foaming wutors. Neither spoko n word. Discovery mount death, and woro thoy not faoing a peril almost equal ? Surely tho ohtmces were ton to ono, that this frail hunt oould livo un suuh 11 seu. Woli, hotter death in the puiiiloss wutors tlutn douth at tlio oruol bunds of men. "Help mo to push lier off," whispored Jonn, 11s tlioy reached tho boat, wliioli the receding tido had loft high and dry on tho shinglo. " Should wo get a good start, wo are out oUdungor. Tho other boats uro all half a mile away, and if you oun row, wo slmll hodh be beyond pursuit. T will take un oar also." , _ Tho boat grated 011 tlio shinglo. A fine lino of foam lappoil up about them, tlio spray was coming up into Dovoreux's fuoo. "Courage, ho said (faily, his natural lmoyuuty already nssertiug itsolf. " Wo shall live to tight iinothor. day;- Joan." Joan looked behind horl Au exolaination of terror broko from her lips. "It Is all over," alio said, wringing her hands in an agony of terror nnd dispute. "Wo aro discovered. Batliurst has scon us!" Dovereux wheeled round. Tlio flguro of a man was semi running with tho spaed of a hare down tlio little deolivity which led from tho auvo. Snnrooly 11 hundred yards separated liirn' from thorn, and liis 'voieo raised in a threatening shout, onme to their ears ubovo tho moaning- of the wind. " In with you !" muttered Dovereux, stifling nn onth between his teeth. "Wo will btifllo him yot." He pushed off from tho slioro, while under Ills long powerful strokos, the heat -ploughed gallantly through tho troubled sou. Tlio spray dashed over thom liko alouda of smoke, bonmitli the bows tho water waa gurgling and hissing in impotent wrath. A few moro yards nnd thoy would bo in oomparativn sufoty. Great drops of perspiration stood out on Doveroux's brow. Ho had by no means recovered from the effects of his lato immersion. Joan sat orouohed in tho stern : thero. was no third onr, and in his hustc Devereux had seized the two available onos. They could not change now, although possibly, hor weight might have told more than liiH, for sho was strong and lrardy and acoustomed to the houvy sea oars, whioh ho wielded with somo diffionlty. Bathurst reached the shore ; baffled but, undaunted still, he raised liis gun to his shoulder, and took steady aim. Thero was a quick report, n whistlo. Joan uttered n littlo moun and sank hclplossly forward. " Row on, row on," sho said faintly, "it is nothing ; just a littlo wound, that is all. Yoti can do nothing for mo hero." Devereux, siok with horror, ceased rowing, but a cursory examination proved nothing to his incxperionccd eyes. Sho was wounded in the chest, but it might he tho hurt wus slight. "It is nothing," alio reiterated. " Nothing ; row 011 to sufoty. If wo can reach Burdet wo aro safe." Devorcux oboyed. Perhaps sho was right. Ho could not help hor out on tho open soa. If thero was bleeding at all it must bo inwardly. Slowly tho timo passod on. Joan spoko littlo, hut always encouragingly. Tho wlld- noss of tho waters wus abating. Dovereux, though worn out and woury, oould stilh.hold on his way. And thon, just as tlm first pulo gleams of sunlight brightened tho eastern heavens, and through the misty shadows Burdet could bo seen, nestling peacefully oil tho indented coast, Jouu Mullory gave a long shuddering sigh. Dovereux rested upon his oars, gazing nt hor anxiously. "Can I do nothing for you?" ho asked, with a break in his strong voice. "I feel so fuint and— and — Whnt is the matter? I wns never like this beforo." Bho put out hor hands towards him, woftkly, luilf-frightencd, as a child might do. Dovereux drew tliom into liis own. A passion of remorse wus welling up into, his lionrt. But- for him this- would' liover have liupponcd. " My poor girl ! Oh, my poor girl," ho said brokenly. " I am so tired. It is growing dark. Has tho night come already ?" A long silence. No, not tho night ; only tho duwuiug of eternal day for Joan Mnllory. 