AN AUSTRALIAN'S RECOLLEC TIONS OF TEE BRONTES. A correspondent writes to the Leeds Mer cury: — Long, long ago, Heaven knows how long, the present writer was attend iug the Mel bourne wool sales. Apart from business the visit was uot uninteresting. Whilst staying for some months at that excellent hotel known as Menzies I met many interesting people. Assembled there were woolbuyers from both the Continent and the United States. The former were a merry, but a very cosmopolitan lot. Amongst them was a good- natured little Frenchman, from whom I received much kindness. He, I understand, etill pur sues this calling, much increased in weight, and it is to be hoped also in grace. There was also the agent for an Antwerp syndicate, who had been born of German parents in the Argentina. He does not know much about wool, but made up for his want of knowledge by hiB greed for wool statistics. There was another German who had come out to one of the great Melbourne firms to teach everybody everything about the raw material. He bad only been connected with the trade about 20 minutes, but as he had been 'mode in Germany' this fact did not prevent him from giving his opinion d haute voix to men who were in the business before be was cradled. In an evil moment he published a list of the wools sold that, season in the Melbourne market* with bis opinion of the waste of each flock. When the BbeaveB came to the thresh ing floor, or, rather, when the wools whose loss he had estimated came to the scouring machines of Bradford, Huddersfield, and else where, he proved to be as a rule about 10 per cent. out. He was a very decent fellow, but his clients found to their cost that although 'made in Germany' he had still to graduate as a wool buyer. JLuere was, however, another German, less loud but more learned, who was nn excellent judce of wool ; and also another, who declared himself to be a Saxon, but whoso name made it certain that his paternal ancestor had come to Dresden from Palestine via l'oland. Ho certainly belonged to tho race which in old times reckoned its wealth by shekels of silver and talents of gold. Almost every evening wa of the trade occupied one end of the dining table, where the language spoken waB French. One night, betwixt dessert and coffee, a gentleman took a seat beside me and introduced himself as a fellow- Yorkshireman. He was largely iut,pi-c-Btp.d in sheen aud wool but when he told me that hecamo from Hawoith I am afraid that much as I liked to talk about wool nud sheep I liked to talk abuut the Brontes more. We had a long talk about the grey old moorland village and the wonderful family which used to reside in the little parsonage. The name of the friend I then made is well known in squatting and wool circles all over the colonies. Mr. J. S. llorufall now owns three of the beBt sheep stations in the ltiverina, and one of these, called Widgiewa, upon which he resides during the autumn and winter of eaufeyear, is a model property. -Often has been Mr. Horsfall boen urged tofavor liie readers of the Mercury with his juvenile reoollectiuna of the Brontes, but, bwug.a busy uiru, ho has up to uow evaded the requests of his friends. But in a letter recently received by one of them he does at last give a few particulars. Mr. Horefall says :—' You have more than once asked me to give my recollection of the Bronte family for the Leeds Mercury, but as my people left Ha worth permanently in 1849, when I was only 11 years old, and as many residents in Haworth can remember more of them than I do, what I can write will not be of much value. My most vivid remem brances are of Branwell Bronte, who was a great friend of my father's, and whom I distinctly remombor one evening at our house reciting from ' Chi'de Harold' Byron's fine address to the ocean. I never forgot it. It made a great impression on my mind, and I can remember him now, a little man (compared with my father, who was tall), with light reddish hair, and wearing spectacles. I remember he took opium, and not being able to find a piece he had had in his pocket ho was in a state of great excitement, fearing that he had inadver tently swallowed it. The three sisters I UBed frequently to meet passing our bouse on their way to and trom the moors. One or two of them had dark ringlets, and I well remember their great reddish brown mastiff Keeper, as he was a great terror to me and other email schoolboys. They had a pet spaniel also called Flossy, I think, who was very friendly, and I often patted the little fellow. I re member old Mr. Bronte and tho great pulpit, a regular three-decker I think it was. The churchyard I used at night to scamper through at a great pace when returning home late. It was supposed that ghosts could be seen there after dark, so you may be sure I did not dare to look either to the right or left, but the moment I got to the stile at the end of the churohyard I ran up the fields all the way home at my utmost speed and used to count the trees in the gloaming as I went along to discover how near to home I was getting. I firmly believed in ghosts in those days, having read an awful book called 'The Invisible World,' full of the most sensational stories of the reappearances of people who had been murdered, and I think moat Haworth people in those days believed them to be true.' 