THEATRE ROYAL. "A NIGHT OUT." At the Theatre Royal last night Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove's Company staged the new farcical comedy, A Night Out, in succession to My Friend from India, and which was exceedingly well played before a good house. Whoever is responsible for this English version of Fadyean and Deeraliiers' work It Hotel duLtbte Exchange, he or they can be complimented on the skill displayed in trimming the farcical comedy in such a manner as to suit the universal notion among British people of what should be seen on the stage. The French version has evidently been very carefully supervised, and in A Night Out provides one of the most exhilarating and laughable entertainments possible to imagine. The adapter has done well to retain the Parisian locale. The actors and actresses have a little difficulty, in usual, with the French names, but this only increases the fun. The mirth commences early and goes on to the finish with a sort of crescendo movement, and, though apparently without pretending to point to a moral, it does so most effie lively for the lesson it teaches Pioglet, the hen-pecked husband, and Madame Paillard, the neglected wife, may be taken to heart by their British counterparts. In the first act the house is introduced to three couples - M. Pegler, a commonplace master builder, with a domineering wife ; M. Paillard, a smart- ish architect!, with a petulant wife; and Master Maxime, a student, rather a loud, whose idea of love is founded on Plato's untenable theories;, and on whose persuasion from his lofty ideas the pretty housemaid has set her heart. In the second act they get to business at the Hotel Mascotte, and the fun of the complications of the parties getting there, under different conditions, becomes fast and furious. The first to arrive in M. Pringle!, the builder, who has escaped from the vigilance of his wife, and has prevailed on Madame Paillard to come out for the evening just by the way of making her husband jealous. They retain the supper room. Then M. Paillard arrives at the same hotel. He has to inquire in his capacity of architect, about a haunted chamber at Hotel Mascotte. He is shown into the bedroom and retires to the alcove bed. A fat old notary comes up from the country with his four schoolgirl daughters, and they are shown into Paillard'B bedroom by a different waiter, who is ignorant of the worthy architect's concealment in the alcove bed, and a wild chase in and out, up and down stairs, follows. A climax is reached when M. Paillird, putting his head through the curtains, seen three girls dancing around in their nightdresses. The room is haunted, be concludes, and these are the ghosts ! His screams of horror, in which the girls join, round the air. The tramp of the gendarme is heard on the stairs, and there is a general stampede, the scene in this particular respect being very similar to one in Pinero's farce of The Magistrate. A noteworthy characteristic is the excellence of both the second and third acts. Everything is most ingeniously contrived, and the interest is maintained to the very last minute, the culprits triumphantly disposing of the oats against them. There is some very brisk fooling ; several of the situations are cruelly mirth-provoking, and the ingenuity of construction vies with the smartness of the dialogue Mr. Paulton is exceedingly funny as Pioglet, the builder-an amorous but plain old stick, yet resourceful, and he provoked i no end of laughter, whilst Mrs. Edouin Bryer is a most domineering wife. Mr Cyril Keightley a very good as Paillard, the architect. Miss Alma Stanley is immense as Madame Paillard. All the varied moods of a dashing woman are required to adequately interpret the part, and the noted London actress makes the most of it. Mr. Olly Deering interpretation of the old notary up from the country with his (our schoolgirls, full of bluster and pomposity, could not be better. Air. Hans Phillips is extremely good as Maximo, the student calf-lover, and Paillard's nephew, whilst Miss M. Campion, the housemaid of the Betsy type, is delightful. Mr. A. Whelan and Mr. Fred Cambourne sustain the characters of the two waiters at the Hotel Mascotte admirably, and contribute a good deal to the amusement of the piece. There are several subsidiary characters well sustained. As in the previous play, the scenery, general mounting, and dresses leave nothing to be desired. A Night Out will be repeated to-night and to-morrow night. 