HOLD ON TO A SOUL. When Whitfield was about to preach at Haworth Church, he intimated that 'per- haps it was not necessary for him to preach against sin, and warn the people, as they had had much faithful preaching,' where upon Mr. Grimshaw, the pastor, rose, and with tears streaming down his face, said, ' Oh, Mr. Whitfield, for God's sake do not flatter them, I pray you. I fear the greater part of them are going to hell with their ; eyes open.' It was this feeling that led Erskine to lie all night on the ground in prayer. He saw 3000 souls exposed to death. He saw his people going away from God, and he cried, 'Give me Scotland, or I die.' Is there a worker for souls who lacks this? Go to your knees with Christ in Gethsemane. Spurgeon Baid, 'You will never win souls if you can live without winning them.' If you would lead others to Christ, ypu must know Christ yourself. Do you know Christ yourself ? Do you know what it is yourself to be exposed to the wrath of God ? Have you peace in believing in Jesus yourself? Are you a joyful believer? Is the religion of Jesus Christ more to you than the pleasures of the world ? Have the Holy Ghost, It was the Holy Ghost that gave pith and pathos, and pungency, and power to the words of Peter on the day of Pentecost. It was the Holy GhoBt that enabled St. Ohrysostom to shake a hemisphere, that helped Luther to thunder against the papal corruptions, that enveloped Baxter in an intense flame of fire, that gave Wesley his world-wide evan gelistic spirit, that made Bobert Hall a blaze of light' to thousands, that made Chalmers such an overwhelming avalanche of fiery zeal and eloquence. The Holy Ghost working in and through Paul made him logical, and He made James doctrinal, and Peter impulsive. He. made Apollos eloquent, and Luther sturdy. He made Wesley' versatile, and Fletoher polemic. Oh, reader, get the Holy GhoBt ? You shall have power ' after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you,' Hold on to a soul. Grant succeeded because he held om 'Plant your batteries over against a seige, and never retreat Be enthusiastic as a .soul- winner. You may win souls to Jesus. — Homiletic Revietv. 