ON THE MEASURELESS PLAIN. A COLONIAL STORY. By Adeline J. Whitfeld. CHAPTER III. Continued. " Rose," said Philip, one dreamy afternoon. What have got there ?" " Browning's poems," said Rose briefly. It was in the large shadowy old sitting room which had been left intact when the inn had been added on to time after time. It was one of the most comfortable rooms in the house and as cool now and free from winged insects as Rose could make it. " Rose do you know when you thought I had shuffled off this mortal coil ?" " I heard you, poor little girl," he said ; " I heard you sob and cry, though I couldn't speak or lift my hand." She did not answer, but her lips trembled. " What made you so sorry, little girl?" " Oh," she said, " don't ask me—I was tired out - I can't tell you—there is nothing to tell." " I think I can tell," said Philip, " you—" " Rose," and Fanny's head poked round the door with a wicked smile. " Granny says did you remember the sheep's head for broth ?" When Fanny had gone, Philip did not pursue the subject - he was in the sensitive, impressionable stage of convalescence, and was conscious of a feeling of distinct tenderness towards Rose—but was it fair to tell her so ? Something said it was not. " Read me something of Browning's," he said with a certain fascinating imperativeness. Rose turned over the leaves haphazardly and began to read, though somehow the lines swam before her eyes. " One who never turned his back, but marched breast forward, Never doubted clouds would break Never dreamed tho' right were worsted, wrong would triumph, Held we fall to rise, are baffled to fight better, Sleep to wake." She stopped abruptly . " I will see how the broth is getting on, it must only simmer, not boil." She went out, and Philip took Browning's poems and sat silent and abstracted, holding the book in his hand. He seemed to have sat there a long time, he thought, and Rose had not come back, when a would-be gentle knock sounded at the door. " I thought you might be asleep," said a man's voice, " so I knocked. Granny told me this afternoon that you hailed from little Tassy, so I thought I would look you up." " Glad to see you, sit down," said Philip, a warm colour filling his wan face. " I've had rather a time of it lately, you must not mind me keeping my seat. What part of Tasmania do you belong to ?" " Well," said the newcomer with a short laugh. " I belong to nowhere in particular, though I suppose you'd call Launceston my birthplace. I only stopped here by chance, got knocked up with the heat and the flies—" " When did you come ?" asked Philip. His hands moved in a in a restless, nervous way that occasioned his visitor some wonderment. " Only yesterday—I'm off again tomorrow. I just chanced to ask the old woman they call Granny if there were any Tasmanians in her crib, and she mentioned you—said you were a bit off still, but she reckoned you'd be glad enough to hear news of the old place." " Yes, glad enough," said Philip in a low tone. " I'm much obliged to you for coming." " Don't mention that," said the stranger, who appeared to be a sociable and communicative individual, and who straightaway plunged into ' the latest.' Whlle he rattled on, Philip sat silent. News of his native land from which he seemed practically, if temporarily, exiled, roused a dull pain in his heart, but through it all was the great longing for news of Mona. The question trembled on his lips again and again, but it was with a palpable effort when he looked up to ask : " Do you know many people in Launceston ?" Then— " Pshaw, what a question ; you must of course." " Well, rather," said the other, with a half-amused, half-puzzled expression. " Anyone in particular you want to know about ?" Philip mentioned the names of a few acquaintances. " Oh, and the Carlsons, what are they doing ?" he asked, in an off-hand way. " The Carlsons—let's see, there was a pretty daughter among them—why they've cleared out, the pretty one to get married to a Melbourne toff, and the rest to settle somewhere in Victoria." The pretty one ! " It did not occur to Philip that one of Mona's sisters might be considered by an impartial critic to be prettier than Mona herself. The friendly stranger grew alarmed by the ashen hue of Philip's features. " I'll call your nurse, sir," he said, springing hastily up. When Rose came in, her patient was breathing heavily, and almost unconscious, and when the attack had passed he appeared incapable of action. She tried to feed him with some appetising trifle she had concocted, but he shook his head. " Oh Rose," he whispered, " I've had bad news ; please let me learn to bear it, I must be alone." How long she left him he did not know. He was learning to face the future. A stranger in a strange land, and exile from his country, neglected, forsaken, ill and almost penniless. Tears rushed to his eyes. A shadow crossed the light, which still streamed through the window. It was Rose, with a tiny tray, which she put down somewhere near. " You are better now," she said gently. Here, at least, was one faithful, loving heart. In his weak nervous state, suffering all the pangs of disappointed love, of neglect,and desertion, he did a rash, a foolish thing. " Rose," he murmured, holding out a tremulous hand. " You want—what is it ?" " Only you, Rose, little nurse, faithful friend." " Hush," said the girl sternly ; " you don't know what you are saying." " Oh, are you going to turn against me too ?" He covered his face. If he had spoken of love only, but to appeal to her pity was to attack her strong- hold. She trembled. " Rose," he said presently. " I feel— I hardly know how I feel, like the sinking ship which even the rats have deserted." She did not answer. " Rose, have you no pity ?" He looked up. Rose had gone. Perhaps he fell asleep after that. Perhaps he fainted , he could not remember. CHAPTER IV. The Carlsons had settled in Hawthorn, one of the prettiest suburbs in Melbourne, and May, who had married the ' toff,' was quite a society lady. Gaiety was no novelty to Mona now, friends and admirers not wanting ; yet she did not look either happy or well. Melbourne did not suit her they said ; she must try a trip to Sorrento. Mona shook her head with something of her old decision. " Sorrento is not what I need," she said. " I must go right away." It came scarcely as a surprise—so restless had she become—when she suddenly gave out her intention to take a trip to Western Australia. " Is it ?" began her mother nervously, " is it on Philip's account ? I thought my chidden had too much spirit to run after "— but the sudden passion in Mona's face brought the remark to an abrupt conclusion. " What part of West Australia will you visit, Mo ?" she asked ; " remember what an unhealthy climate it seems to be, and so many perish from that awful typhoid." " I know," said Mona, setting her lips. " I'll take my chance. Oh, mother, I can't stay here ; I am miserable. I hate this butterfly life. What is it to me to be flattered and made much of when I feel as I do ?" " Is it— ?" began her mother. " Yes, mother, it is because of Philip. I never hear from him, and I've written again and again, and the last time he was going up country, and—in that fever-ridden place— those measureless plains. Is it any wonder I cannot rest ?" " You will go to Perth first ?" " I suppose so," said Mona absently. " I wonder, mother," she broke out suddenly, " if you think me wanting in modesty, and all the rest of the humdrum conventionalities. If you only knew. Oh, I hold myself partly responsible for Phil's well-being. I made him stay ; the public shame —the scandal ; he might have escaped it all only for love of me ; he stayed and stood his trial, and went to prison like a man ; I —" she gave an apologetic little laugh " I have been his slave ever since." " Mona, child, do you know what you are doing—what hardships you may have to encounter." " I've been reading up, mother ; this clipping from the Australasian will give you some idea." " There was not a blade of grass or short undergrowth to be seen—just smooth, gravelly soil, and at short intervals, shrubs and bushes up to ten feet high, or gaunt, weird- looking gum-trees with the half rotting bark hanging from them in festoons like tattered shrouds—each hundred yards of that level country looks exactly like the next. Then the absolute stillness—not a living thing in sight, either bird or beast ; a few ant hills the only evidence of even insect life. ... Sometimes a faint breeze moans in the tops of the gum-trees and then fades away like a distant wail—" Mona ceased reading abruptly. " There's something about that which takes one's fancy immensely," she said, with an affected carelessness. " Oh, Mo, don't go. Think of the numbers of young lives already cut off in their youth there. Think—" " That is just it, mother, I think too much." She paused a moment and took a step or two forward. " I have not spoken of it ; what's the use ? but a rumour reached me the other day. Philip has been ill, at death's door, and I did not know. The name was given as Wilkinson, but I heard enough to know. I must go." * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * " There's a new find !" Philip exclaimed, excitedly crushing the morning paper in his hand ; " a rush to a place called Dead Dog's Creek — already fifty mlners with their kits have started." He sprang to his feet, forgetting his weakness : " Read that, Rose, a nugget found not a foot deep, a fortune in a moment." Rose placed the teacups with precision. " You must wait a while," she said, keeping her eyes on the tablecloth. " That's what you always say, Rose," he said irritably ; " you forget that the crab which lies in a hole never gets fat." She did not answer. " I must make a move somewhere, Rose," he spoke in a softened tone, " my debts are hanging over me like the sword of Damocles. I must make some money by fair means or foul." He spoke the last words thoughtlessly, but in a moment a crimson glow spread over his face. " You did not, no, you did not mean that," faltered Rose, the recollection of his ravings about a prison and disgrace filling her heart with dismay. " Why, Rosie," he said coming close to her, " what is it little nurse ? I was only joking." " You frighten me." She grew paler than was her wont. " Philip, you said last night that you—" " I ?" " What you—" she could not say the word. " I said I loved you, Rose ; not with the love that belongs to the dead past, but with a new—" " You asked me to marry you." " Yes, why not, why should we not be happy together ?" " Then if you feel like that why won't you take the money and stay her till you are strong ?" He coloured and bit his lip. Mona had offered him money, and now— Rose. " You don't understand these things," he said. " A man would be very hard pushed before he would take money from a woman." " Am I so very ignorant, Philip ?" she asked, turning to him with the archness born of the new joy which had so lately come into her lonely life. He caught her in his arms and kissed her on the lips. " Open the door, will yer ?" The voice of Mrs Coffey at the door brought Rose back to earth again. " There," said the landlady, " there's a dish o' eggs an' bacon—something to help from, an' one wants it with the boys around." She produced a bundle of letters from her apron pocket. " Jim brought them along last night," she said, " and I clean forgot the hull lot. " Here. Rosie, sort them out ; I'll hev that cawfie spile." She went away, and Rose sorted the letters. There was one for Philip, addressed in a woman's handwriting, a clear, firm, decided hand. He opened it hastily, eagerly. A joyous exclamation escaped him, and his eyes fell on Rose still standing there. His look of blank dismay struck a chill into her heart. " Rose," he said. Oh, the change in his voice, and only a few moments since - since she forgot earth for one brief infinitesimal space —since she dreamed what Heaven might be. She looked at him with unseeing eyes. " Rose," he said again, and under his breath, " My God, how can I tell her !" She put up her hand as if to ward off a coming blow. " Not now, not now." She went out of the room and down the passage like one walking in a dream. " Lor', Rose," said Fanny, " you look as though you've seen a ghost." Fanny shook her curl rags with an air of wisdom. " It don't do, Rosie, to get walkin' with your betters. Why don't you take up with oneof the boys as is your equal ?" Rosie did not answer, she hardly listened. What did it matter what they all said or thought ? No one could lessen or add to her agony. The dull routine of duties went on as usual. Philip had gone out directly after breakfast and did not come home to dinner, but it did not matter. Nothing seemed to matter now. At tea, Fanny and the boys rallied her upon her silence. Philip, who had seemed scarcely less abstracted, came to the rescue. " Rose might give some of us a lesson in the wisdom of silence sometimes," he said and then bit his lip at the construction that might be placed upon his words. However, Fanny and the boys kept up a running fire of chaff till the meal was over. It was Rose who sought Philip later on. Close by was a belt of forest trees, not unlike the one in which the dog Lass had found him fever-stricken and unconscious. He was leaning moodily against a tree when she came. " Rose," he said, and then something rose in his throat and prevented him saying more. She came so near that he saw her pale face glimmering in the dimness. " I know what you want to say," she said slowly, " it is about - about - " She could not bear to breathe Mona's name just yet. " Oh Rose, forgive me, pity me, I am miserable," he said in a heart-broken voice. " I didn't know. I understood she was - I thought she had forgotten." " And I filled the gap," she said in the same quiet calm way. " Don't say that, Rose, don't put it that way. God knows I love and honour you, second only to --" " Don't say it," she interrupted, the calm of her manner suddenly lifting like a veil and giving him a glimpse of the agony beneath.Her pale face gleamed still more whitely. " What can I say to you, Rose ? What is there left to say ?" She did not speak for a moment. " Rose, is it so much to you ?" " Do you want me to lay bare my soul ?" she asked him, and for a moment the cold gleaming face became transfigured. The pathetic eyes grew starlike, warm, glowing. " Oh, my love," she cried passionately, " you have taught me that heaven is not but a shadowy possibility." He stretched out his hand dumbly for hers and put it to his lips. " Rose," he said, " little nurse, faithful friend, I would have died but for you." He paused and gulped does the something in his throat. " My life belongs to you. I will tell her my life is not my own. Rose, you shall do with me as you will." It seemed to be the supreme moment of her life. " Do you know what you are saying ?" she asked him, breathlessly. " Yes." Perhaps he had never looked quite so manly as then. The breezes that Mona had read of rustled the hanging bark on the great gums and stirred the sedges at their base. It seemed to Philip that they been standing there for \- that a great crisis was about to take place, and yet did not - the hanging bark swung in the dusky overhead, and the branches creaked and swayed. " You will give yourself to me," Rose asked n a voice so low that he bent his head to listen. " I will." A quiver ran through her slight frame. Oh God, how she loved him ! " Will you, kiss me good-bye ?" she said, lifting her face. " I am going away. I hope you will be very, very happy." The something in his throat broke into a great sob. " Going away ! Oh, what have I done ? What have I done ? And in the silence that followed one heart broke. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * A party of prospectors were making their way across the plains - there were pack horses laden with mining implements, and a kind of carravan for the stores and the wives of the married men. They had been keeping to the track, and what a track ! Marked by the bleaching bones of animals that had perished by the way - the bleaching bones of animals and -- the women in tha creaking, lumbering vehicle drew back in horror and looked at one another with frightened eyes. " After all," said tha elder when they had passed by, " it's no worse than other places — six men died from thirst on the track from Cobar to Wilcannia last year." As she said it, she looked down at a recumbent figure on the floor of the van. They had picked her up two days ago - she seemed ' wandering like ' - a touch of the fever, they thought, and she was still ' jus' lyln'. They camped for the nlght by a waterhole - a waterhole made conspicuous by the whitening skeletons of the cattle which had gone there to drink and been too weak to get out of the bog. The women slept heavily, and the men in the hollow behind the mulga bush were dog tired. No one heard the little figure move. It was just before daybreak, and a grey mist had risen from the salt marsh a mile or two away, and spread like a huge vapoury pall. After the stuffy van the cool morning air struck with a sense of relief on her burning temples. So she wandered away in the direction of the salt marsh, and they never missed her. till the sun rose and woke them. " Maybe she was lookin' for water," they said as they spread over the plain in search. At first it was easy to follow the struggling footprints in the sand, but coming to gravel the trail was lost. The sun was high up when at last they found her. She might easily have been asleep so peaceful was her look - with one arming her head, she lay, her face upturned - at rest. The women sobbed from very womanly sympathy - one or two of the men rubbed the backs of their hands across their eyes. " An' she ain't left nothing to say who she is or anythink," said one of the former presently. " An' hav' yer took note on it being Xmas Day ?" said the other in an awestruck tone. They dug a grave in the hot sand beneath the blazing sun. Away in the distance was the salt marsh, on the other side the waterhole and the mulga bush, * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Two years had passed, and Xmas '97 was drawing very near, when a young couple paced the deck of the Pateena as she came slowly up the Tamar. " Oh, Phil," cried the young wife, " think of being back again." Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes were soft and bright. " Phil," she said shyly. " My dearest, what ?" He roused himself to put the query. " Though I have the happier, I feel that she chose the nobler part." " You must be a witch, Mo," he said with a half-saddened smile ; " how did you know where my thoughts were ?" " Where were they, Phil ?" " With that lonely little grave on that measureless plain," he said slowly. Her eyes took on new shades. " Phil," she said. " I'm so glad you kissed her." The End. 