POINTS. [By Neidle.] The Light -Oi other days. — Kerosena Very soon will be If it goes on increasing in price. Mr. W. Paterson reports that the Hay district, near Albany, is suitable for the production of root crops. If we may judge by the name it ought to be good grass country. 'Oh, Mr. Roe,' said the female toper, to the police magistrate 'if you'll only let me off this once I'll never trouble1 you again.'' No trouble to me, ma'am; ten shillings.' Great collapse in 'BottomleyV Is it true that the 'bottom' has been knocked out of the Western Aiistra.-. Han Market Trust, etc, and nothing left; .but the. 'lees?' ? Dr.. Calmette is credited with' having discovered an efficacious remedy . for ; snake-bite. If anybody is bitten by a snake, and there is a general panic, the doctor will be able 10 Calmette. The Butler : : 'Hand hevery night at the hour of ' midnight the ^ ghost hap pears : and groans and wrings hits hands!' ' Tourist : 'Ah, must have died in the cucumber season!' r . ? ? , ;.?; . ? v . ? ': .???:' '???. ? ?'???-? ?- 'A man who comes from Franco is a Frenchman, and a man who comes from Spain is a Spaniard,' said, a comedian in' a dialogue last night. 'Don't talk to me about Spaniards/': was the reply. (Applause.) Getting dearer! Getting dearer! . Kerosene once was fivo and six, Now at ten bob tho price they fix ; Oilmen all point to the cost, and say, Dearer, dearer, dearer, dearer, dearer every day. 'Rambler' writes:— In tho old days when time was of.no value people did not inind going a few miles out of their way, but now things are different.'. Arc they? In some matters the authori ties still seem to 'act as if time were of na value. .?.,.. ? , . ? , ? . ? 'What ia' this?' exclaimed a com positor who was .expecting to, be , pro- moted to a proof- readership shortly. ''Sermons in stones, books in the run ning brooks.' Impossible! He. means, of course, 'Sermons in books, and stones in tho running brooks.'' And tho new reading of Shakespeare appeared next morning. -v A Geelong plaintiff claimed £249 (why not £250?) for libel, and obtain ed £239 19s.. less than ,he asked. In other words, the plaintiff's estimate of the value of his character was about 5,000 times as high as tnat which was formed by the court. , 'For ways that are, dark and tricks that are vain the heathen Chinee ..is peculiar.' Vide the account of the papers of the Chinese shopkeeper and his mythical 'countryman.' Sarah Gamp and her invaluable friend . Mrs. Harris have many counterparts in real life. ? ? «?«?'??* A Wesleyani leader once spoke dis paragingly of one of his brethren to a third person, who remarked : — 'I am surprised to hear you speak thus; I ?thought ho was one of the pil lars of your chapel.' 'Pillar o' the chapel! He's a caterpillar, that's what he is!' was the rejoinder. ? ??..- * Why should the council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, Adelaide, ship Tasmanian devils to Amsterdam? Can it be that the Hol landers are anxious to acclimatise this vc ry unorn amenta! animal ? A schoolfel low of mine was called the 'Tasmanian devil' because he was so ugly, but as tho full title was rather cumbrous for daily use we abbreviated it to 'Tas.' Some persons who are in the habit, of investing large sums of one . penny in a daily paper are very much ag grieved because there has. not -been a great battle between tho Spaniards and Americans, with- 50,000. killed and wounded, and several battlesllips blown to smithereens. They would be still more aggrieved if the papers pub lished false news of such a battle. It is hard to please some investors. ' At . the Northampton (Eng.) County Court, a money-lender who had lent £8 and received £9 12s., attempted to ex act another £2 15s. from his victim, but struck a snag — Mr. Justice Snagge, who altogether declined to help him. Plaintiff said . that perhaps his Honor would allow his solicitor to mention the case for him at the next court. His Honor: Certainly, I should very much like it to be mentioned at every court I hold in Northampton. (Exit, Shy lock disgusted.) \- ? « r There is any amount of evidence that many things in Dickens' work which were pupposed to be gross exaggera tions, were nothing of the kind. The 'Eatanswill Gazette' and the 'Eatans- will Independent' never referred to each other in more scathing language than that used by the editor in Newfound land, who declares that a rival editor is soaked with rum ; that he always drunk when a crisis arises; that he washes himself only twice a year; that he is always placed in the ship's hold when travelling ; that his mere presence in a city is standing proof that the police re gulations are faulty.' 