THE HEW BISHOP OF CERALDTON. CONSECRATION OF REV. FATHER KELLY. AN IMPRESSIVE 'CEREMONY. 'rBY TEaLoaARP.1 (From Our Own Correspondent.) ADELAIDE, August 14. The Rev Father Kelly was conse crated Bishop of Geraldton at St Francis Xavier's Cathedral this morn ing. Among the many ceremonies of the Catholic Church few excel the con secration of a prelate for pomp and circumstance as well as that of com pleteness of detail, which always distinguish her functions. The ele vation to ' the episcopate of Father Kelly was attended with 'all the impressiveness and solemnity which properly belongs to such important. occasions. The altar was resplendent with floral decorations and candela bra, and the beautifully-worked vest ments of the assistant bishops and the splendid robes of the attendant priests, the delicious strains of ,Guotod's aMass Solemnelle," and the soft light which filtered through the chancel windows aided in accentuating -the stirring character of the surroundings and imn parting a glow and color, to, the magni ficent spectacle. The ceremony was witnessed by-alarge congregation,though the cathedral was by no means crowded, half-aecrown being ehargtd for admis sion to the naive.. The Bishop-elect had been :making his retreat at Glen Osmond, while both lie and the consecrating Bishop. Doctor 'Corbett, of Sale, Victoria; who, performed the rite of consecration in May, 1896, with respect to Dr Maher, fasted on the day previous. The proceedings begin with the entry of the consecrating Bishop, attendants,and Bishop-elect, the procession moving towards the altar to the grand (trains of Guonod's "M arsh Pontificale.".. The consecrating Bishop, Bishop-elect, and assistant' Bishop were then arrayed in vestments, and the consecrating prelate stationed himself before the centre 'altair, and the Bishop-elect and assistant bishops having saluted him, the 'senior assistant Bishop infortmed the ccusecra tingsBishop that " the Holy Church de mands that the priest present be raised to the episcopate." The apostolic briefs were read before the whole -con gregation, the Bishop-elect .-reading the oath given in .the ritual. The examination of the Bishop-elect was thea conducted by the: con secrating Bishop, after which the miss of the day was begun ad continuied down as far as the epistle. The Bishop elect was again" conducted by -gt e bishops before the consecrating prelate, who said~-" It is the Archbishop's oflice to judge, to interpret tecrip ture, to consecrate? to ordain,- to offer, sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm." Then all knelt while' the Litany of the Saints was chanted. The Bishop-elect lay prostrate at the left of the conse crating prelate as a sign of humility. After -the Litany -and jthe' prayers ap pointed all turned towards the altar as the "Veni Creator " was intoned.: The consecrating bishop annointed the head of the knelt Bishop-elect with holy chrism, forming the sign oE the cross on the crown, then innointing the remainder of the crown oe the head, saying "Be thy head anointed and consecrated in order of high priest by heavenly benediction, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Next his hands were an nointed and bound up with ihriite linen by the consecrating prelate, The Bishop elect then read the offretory at the aitar' of the chap? l. Fo0lowiig this, solernn offee, 4he Bishop-elcht presented. him with two lighted torches,'two loaves; and two l5arrels cf wine, and continued mass ith the consecyating lrelate, at the same altar par'akinug o~f the same Host and chalice at communion. Towards the conclusionaf the holy sacrifice the mitre was blessed sand placed on the Bishop-elect's head, whco wpsa then' con ducted by theassistanttbiahops through the church. He imparted his blessing to the people'andreturned to the altar and gave the solemn po?tificiat blessiug at the end of the mass. The whole ceremony, wibch lasted three hours, concluded by a procession from the altar, the choir singing Zingerles "Laudate." No sermon was preached. The Archbishop was- en throned in the sanctuary, and, wearing the cappa-magna, .presided. The fol lowing were those who took part in ad dition to the consecrating prelate :- Dr Maher, Port Augusta, and Dr Dunne, Wilcannia, Assistant-Bishops ; Rev. J. H. Morton, V.G., and Father McKillop, chaplains; Ven. Arch Priest -Nevin, assistant priest; Very Rev P. Hurley, deacon; Father McEvoy, sub-deacon ; Father Cosgrove, master of ceremonies ; Father Cornes, assistant master of ceremonies; Very Rev Father Vincent and Father Carroll, assistants at the throne. The musical portion of the ceremony was rendered by a powerful choir under the direction of Mr W. Gordon and deserves the highest enconiums. Gounod's "Solemn Mass" was sung in its entirety. During the week Father Kelly was the recipient of congratulatory addresses from various Catholic bodies.. In the evening, at the Cathedral, Dr Kelly officiated at pontificial vespers and benediction. There was a large con gregation. Father Vincent, superior of passionists, delivered a powerfulenlogium of the new Bishop, who was the second native-born Ahstralianto be consecrated during the last year or two. He had. travelled all the way from West Aus tralia to receive the sublime communion. The present Archbishop had given Dr Kelly his first episcopal lesson, and what joy must it have been to the Archbishop that day t) see that young man in the prime of life, with a deeply stored mind and well. versed erudition receive the unction of the church while he presided on the throne. Those whom Dr. Kelly had left in West Australia would rejoice also. He was respected there for his high mindedness and was a zealous sand loving friend of the flock. Father Vincent mentioned that the cross which was placed on Dr Kelly's breast that• morning •was made of West Australian gold, collected by his faithful children out of love for him. Dr Kelly will visit Melbonrne and Sydney, and return to West Australia in about a month. ADELAIDE, Auglet 15, Dr. Kelly, the Bishop of jeraldton, celebrated his first mass sine his eleva tion to' the episcopacy at St. Francis Cathedral on Sunday morning, when he administered the first cimmunion to a large number of children, afterwards delivering A discourse. He officiated in the afternoon at reception -of several Sisters of St. Joseph at -.ensington Convent. 