Among the Politicians. ' ..... CITY GOSSIP. The week in the city has been full of suppressed excitement in political circles, Mr, Reid in a God-forsaken part of the country was the centre of interest. The Bill party held a meeting on Monday and decided to keep their mouths shut until the Premier hadleb all his cats out of tho bag. ? .-? ? ? * ? That Mr. Reid has been 'doing splendidly' there can be no doubt. He was in a somewhat awkward position, but he is marvellouty clever, and he has managed to put a plausible aspect bo his, abbibude. Of course his insinceriby is evidenb to everyone with a grain of horse sense, but the people are so accustomed to insincere politicians that they may prefer Reid to others who are less amusing. There are few New South Wales politicians who are not paddling their own canoe. Mr. Reid depends on the stupidity of the Bill party to get him out of tho breakers. He saw how lamely they conducted the federal campaign, and he knows that if he can pin them to the Bill hp is safe. That ho himself vobed for the Bill doesn't mabbor. Nothing that occurred in the past matters. The thing is to look to the fubure, arid to tnake bho besb of the chances at hand. Tho ' Telegraph' is once more on his sido ; re joicing in bhe alleged facb that he has 'come into line with the liberalism of tho coun try 1' Wo livo in a wonderful world. Of courso, if Mr. Reid gets into power his objoct will be attained, and he may get into powor, and bring his old party with many obhers around him.1 Tho sbiff-necked Billites say there should be no compromise, becauso any Bill would meet wibh as many objections as that now before the country.- If thoy wish to go to desbrucbion, and if Messrs. Barton and O'Connor go wibh them, no ono can prevent them.. This, is a free country. Bub bhe death of federation must bo laid at their doors. \- ?? ..,???. ? ? * ? It is strange by the way to notice tho people a movement of this kind brings into life. -Every bounder in the city is a pro minent member of oither the Bill or Anti-Bill League. Poor olrlParkeshadnnpabioncowith these buffers. All tho .brioflcm barrWors and .small fry money -lenders, and suburban aldermen of the city have mado a bid for notorieby. It is hold by many thab tho Federal Bill was killed by lawyers. It ir clear any way that the lawyer olomonb did nob improve its prospects. Messrs. Barton, R. E. O'Connor, Wise and Bruce Smith have decided to make an attempt to enter the Lower House. Thoy are urging Mr. Barton to' fight Mr. Reid in 'the King Division. Ho is easily led by his associates, but ho had better loavo tho Premier alone. He would not boat him in the King Division, and the spectacle of tho leader bogging a seat is nob a ploasant ono. He can get in .for.' a country seat. Besidoa, whatever the Premier's faulba are, ho should nob be excluded from Parliamonb. ? , * * Poor Lj'Yio is out in tho cold. Ho is still talking about froetrado and protoction, whioh aro as doad as last year's roses. Tho faob is Mr. Lyno has made a huge misbake. He says he disbrusts Mr. Reid over federa tion. That isn'b news. Bub ho must join one party or tho other. He has no parby of his own now. Mr. Lyne anyway had bho courage of his opinions, and he deserves a bebbor fabo. ? ? ? i Mr.. Oarrubhers will leave the Ministry. There has beep no love lost betwtion himsdlf and the 'Premier. If Mr. Reid wins at tho coming oleotious, Mr. Ashton will bo Minister for Lands. Mr. Carruthers will follow Mr. Barbon. .? ?' ? ? , ? Mr. Want has, wo boliovo, abandoned the idea of loading a parby at nexb election, \- ? . ? *. The' proposal to geb Queensland into tho union is not tnkon seriously. Queensland has boon just about as ohangeablo as Mr. Reid. Sho would notenter now without hav ing a say in tho framing of tho Constitution, and that is not praotioablo. Mr. Byrnow is not a federalist but ho would not mind abtending a oonferonoo for bho sake of bhe holiday and tho notoriety. If Federabion ih carried, Queensland must come in. The politicians thoro have rojootod every oppor tunity to havo an infiuonao in tho framing of tho Constitution, ? ? ? Tho ' Catholic Prows' loading article of last wool; whioh was roprintod in tho 'Daily Tolograph ' caused a stir among tho Billitos. But most of thorn havo now abandoned thoir dreams, and como around to our way of thinking. This papor wants Foderation, but it in not particular aboub tho quartor from whioh Federation oomos, It doesn't belong to any association and it reserves tho right of free criticism. There is some talk of a big man going to Gundagai. He would not have the ghost of a show there. If the Gundagai people want a good federalist,' one who has worked hard for the cause, and a man with intelligence above that of the ordinary mem ber, they should elect Mr. Sibthorpe. The ' big men ' can be better employed than in going to Gundagai. ? ? e R. E. O'Connor has .decided to run for Young. Ho will have some difficulty in de feating Mr. Watson. ,- .» » * Parliament will meet on Tuesday, when several gentlemen will havo their last oppor tunity to save the country. Only the reply to the Address and the Supplementary Esti mates will be dealt with, and then the' members will be sent about thoir business. Tho elections will take plaoo aboub the end of July. ? ?? a Ab a meobing held in Granville under bho auspices of tho Labour Leaguo, Mr. Lamont, '. of bho ' Worker,' advocated tho interests of the Labour Party. Ho said thoir main . planks at the general election would bo Old Age Pensions and Local Government.. It is said that .Mr. Ayling, of Goulburn, intends to oppose Mr. Mackay, in Burro wa. , ? , ? * Colonel Waddell anounces his' intention of submitting his name to tho selection league at Ynss. Tho other candidates aro B. J. Grogan and Argle M'Callum. Mr. F. Isaac will opposo Mr. Roso in tho Argylo. Both are anti-billites. It is foarod bhab Barton is like a popular song, so popular bhab ho is in clangor of bo coming unpopular. 