ll f| m OR’ FOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. By ST. GEORGE RATH BORNE. 'Author of “Under Egyptian Skies," “Miss Pauline of New Tork," Etc. CHAPTER XIV.—THE MAX WHO OWNED THE ENGINE. Tfio.information which Smithers—poor dejected Smithers—conveys in such a melancholy manner is certainly amaz ing and .terrible enough to daunt the stoutest heart. Jack stares at the othc-r—he oven r» peats the words Smithers has used. Five minutes too late, and the special tram laden with Spanish soldiers, has gone to •destruction. Before his eyes, as plain as day. he can see the awful wreck, the dead and "the dying-, and among: them, oh, hor rors! the lovely form of his Highland ■lassie, the g-irl he loves. No wonder Jack feels for one brief ■moment as though paralysed. - The reaction conics. Instead of a dead ily. chill, he has_a. bur’-A'g sensation pass ■over his wi: ;-^ig|Pnund experiences -an earnest, w k i s; H* i .1...^0 some thing in ordi: g<v:>1:Y,e he,.-, from this ■ fearful fate.'. u. r: Vt- ,1 i" ... Smithers;.is 2 .lYajvoring to collect Iris :senses—SmlV. -« V/Who has, under almost e\ erv condition, shown such wonderful nerve, seems broken up bv this decree ■of Fate. . ' ' And while he thinks .Tack acts.! . ■ It is Ah Sin who leads the way. 'The ‘Celestial never gets rattled, no matter what accumulation of disasters overtake them. .Tack feels a tugging at his sleeve which he knows of old, and casting his . eyes around he discovers the almond eyed retainer there. As Sin says never a u ord. Speech may be silver, but si lence is golden; and this is no time to Indulge in tlights of rhetoric. Jack sees the arm of the Chinese ex tended, and following the line of his finger he discovers what it is to which , Ah Sin would attract his attention. The railway company’s telegraph office. At sight of it Jack’s hopes revive. True, r; lie, has sworn not to betray the plot .of idle rebels, but when the last resort is gone and her life is in peril, he will feel ■ compelled to do so. Better a broken vow than that she suffer. So he leaps towards the office. ' . Perhaps nearly, if ■ not quite, sixty seconds have flown since he first receiv ■ ed the dire news—sixty precious seconds, during which the doomed train has beeii shooting on towards the destruction that lies in wait. His positive intention is to have the telegraph agent wire the conductor in •charge of the train, warning him of the awful danger ahead, and having him use extra precautions when approaching the bridge where the dynamite is supposed Smithers sees him dash into the office and stifles a groan. Perhaps this is for • the rebels, whose plan for striking a blow ■ at their hated foes will fall through. lAt any rate, he does not make the least attempt to hold Jack in check, but . awaits results. Perhaps Travers is gone another minute or so. ■ Already the telegraph key may.; be clicking off the message that will hold ■ the-train and warn the officer in charge of the soldiers that not only do the rebels 'know of their design, but have- prepared • to annihilate them.’ ■ SmithevsTdoubtless sees this 'in imagi ■ nation, but when he looks again he dis covers Jack in reality dashing out of the telegraph office. His manner is not that of a confident man who, by a bold stroke, has accom plished what he set out to do. . ■ . On the contrary, Jack appears excited —his face is almost as pale as one' who lias seen a ghost, and he.glances sharply ■from right to left as he runs towards them, after the manner of a man who seeks a remedy for some dreadful malady. As he draws near where Smithers •• stands, he can be heard exclaiming aloud, as though to save even the precious •seconds of time: “Wires down—Maceo raided the out skirts of Havana—impossible to reach even the first station—no way of reach- j ing the train—now been gone seven and a half minutes, and already four miles away.” Tes, they can hear the rumble of the' train among the hills—it comes very plainly during a cessation of noise about the station, though gradually growing1 fainter and more distant. 0 Jack looks at Smithers, who returns liis distracted gaze with one of chagrin ' ■ I°r agent feels humiliated by the blunder that has occurred, though the change in time may have only been de cided on just before the special started In order to confuse those who might have . any evil designs against the train. “Can you suggest anything?” cries Jack, endeavoring to cudgel his brains to greater rapidity of action. • ' “We have no wings to fly after them,” says the other, mournfully. •. .“The more’s the pity. Heaven help I , .- that poor girl.” ; "And horses,, if we had them, would! “e of no mortal use against even such a ' •slow train as this one.” j “Thut is true, but is there no . other •■■ %vaJ? Think as you never did before . What can overtake the special, since telegraphing is out of the question?” Smithers is looking down the tracks, where they gleam in'the lights beyond! ■ “If we had an engine we might do it ” ■ Jack snatches at thelidea like a drown ing man might clutch/ at a straw. Then we will hav/. an engine if it \- taY;s a thousand—live thousand dollars . —all I have .in the world. Follow me'” lie ejaculates. The thought which Smithers hastiest tatmgly advanced becomes an inspira tion.- He seems to grasp it wich renew ed energy, and while speaking has start ed on a run down the station platform Smithers partakes in a measure of his new enthusiasm, for he has an exalted conception of Jack’s abilities, and be Beves the other equal to any emergency Such men ride rough-shod over difficul ties that would paralyse most people, and come in at the finish many lengths ahead. a . Jack has not started off at random_ lie generally knows what he means to accomplish before setting out to begin Some moving object has caught his •feye just down the track—something that ■in this crisis of his existence looks more valuable than the best paying mine in the Cripple Creek region. It is an engine just emerging from a shed, upon . a turn-table. Smoke is pouring from the large, old-styled stack, black smoke from burning, resinous pinewood. than iwhich few species of fuel will generate ■steam more quickly. This old- fashioned engine, doubtless discarded years ago in the Northern- States where those burning coal have taken its place, is not - a ■“thing ol' beauty and a joy for ever”—at least it would not appear as such in the eyes of the ordinary beholder; hut to Jack .Travers.the case is quite different. It means a possible chance to solve the terrible probelm that has been suddenly 'set before him—it means the case of life ' and death may yet be decided in favor ol: continued existence. Under these conditions, therefore, it ■ can be readily understood with what tre mendous satisfaction Jack starts in the dk'ection of this locomotive. As he advances with such a burst of : speed he- takes note of several things. Kveryone connected with the engine seems to be in the utmost haste, and this is the,mere wonderful when the fact is taken into consideration that in such hot countries as Cuba they do not, as a general thing, use any too much speed in anything undertaken. He sees the stoker tossing pine - knots into the yawning mouth of the fire- box, uiiot tne engine-driver leans part - -way out of the cab window, his face streaked with grime, but looking anxious in the light of the fire. Thus bearing down upon the scene Travers is not long in reaching the place where- several stout men stand ready to turn the engine around on the revolving table. To whom shall he appeal? He has absolutely decided that ques [ lion. Two men stand beside the trucks, one of them having an official air, and hold ing a paper in his hand that may be an His companion seems to be an. ordinary citizen—a Spaniard, judging from his olive skin and black hair. Jack instantly surmises that the official is the party who can attend to his .wants, and he means to obtain possessioivof that engine if money can buy it—indeed, such is liis. desperate frame of iy.ind that,; should his request, even when backed by tile value of .the old motor itself, be re fused. lie may be inclined to jump on the engine himself, and at the point of the revolver force the driver to obey his commands. . .“Senor, are you in charge here? I have missed the special by a hair's breadth. It is very important that I should over take it. I would have sent a message, but the wires are down." The official shoots a quick but expres sive glance towards his companion, who moves a little closer, cocking his ears as though he takes an unusual interest in what Jack says. . ■-.-.“Si, senor, the wires are down — that Macro is always on the move, and he! keeps the wires cut so that we in Havana may not know what he is doing. No one can send a message along the line. It i is very sad,” is the consoling remark made by the official. i “But, senor, you did not answer my I question—are you in charge here?” “For the night—yes,” is the reply; but his manner plainly asks, “What is that to “I wish to hire a special.” g “A .what?” ejaculates the other. “A special—an engine to overtake the train that left here some nine minutes The official throws up both arms. “Madre de Dios!—another!” he gurgles. Jack does not understand — he only recognises the fact that precious time is being wasted, and in a case like this time does not mean money, but human lives. ) Hence he shows impatience—it is na- I tural. “Senor, it is a case of life and death,” he breaks out with, huskily, for the men are swinging the iron monster around, and Jack is inwardly swearing. he will control the destiny of that engine, come what may. . “Alas! I am sorry!" with a shrug. “If money stands in the way, I am pre pared to pay you any price.” “That is not it .” “Then you have no authority?” “Alas! I have no engine.” ‘!This one will do, I am sure.” j “That is the only one in condition at i ■this end; of the. line, senor.” “A; thousand thanks.” ".‘^Ut—”, .... „ .C ... : ■■■ “Tcu hesitate when many lives are in “It is no longer under my control.” “Senor, explain.” “This gentleman is General Toledo. He has also missed the train,but bears autho rity to overtake it if the means can be bad I- have ordered out this engine. It belci gs: to him since the Government commands. Senor, you must deal with General Toledo.” Jack whirls upon the soldier in civilian attire. He lias not noticed him particu larly before, but now he discovers a man of more than usual determination, whose brilliant eyes are fastened upon him as though he would read him through. At the same time Jack believes the other to be a man who can be worked. Money talks in cases of this kind, es pecially with some men. “General, as I said before, it is a case of life and death with us to overtake tke special. If you have the power to allow such a thing, I beg that wo may find a lodgment somewhere on your engine. If a thousand dollars would be of any ser vice to you-” The other shakes his head. “We can talk of that later, senor,” he smiles. “You consent?”—in sudden rapture. “Carramba! there is no one who can prevent me. I own this engine for the hour. And you say it is a case of life and death, senor. I sympathise with you—I offer you a chance to overtake the spe cial. which left fifteen minutes ahead of His manner telis Jack plainly that he has been entirely influenced by the pros pects of a heavy pecuniary reward, and not because he has a big heart. Never mind; it is the end, not the means that he has in view. “Then you will allow us to accompany you? A thousand thanks, senor. If you oniy knew the facts, you would never re gret your decision. Smithers, do you hear that? We may yet win this game, thanks to the gallant General Toledo. All is not lost by .a big majority; and Ah Sin, ha 13 tliere, too. You see. luck has tired of baffling us and turns about.” (Tack feels as though a load of a thou sand pounds had been : lifted from his heart. There, is a fair field and no favor ! now. ■ It is all he asks at any time. | The engine ' has been faced down the track, .and a man dashes down to change : the swfitch that wall run it upon the main | line. ” ' • • ' ; “Come, senors, all is ready,” sings out !■ (Seneral Toledo, as he swings himself up on- to the engine.quickly followed by Jack anu Smithers, while Ah Sin clutches hold even as the engine bursts forward. 