ABORIGINAL- SUPERSTITIONS. MEDICAL HUMBUGS AND WIFELY SUBJECTION. The.Soienee club of the University gave ite annual conversazione last night, providing a varied entertninmont for the enjoyment of whioh the time availablo proved, as usual, all too short. One of the best features of the pro gramme was a lccturctte delivered by .Professor Spencer, on the various forms of magic practised by tbo Australian aboriginals, particularly tlioso of tbo Northern Territory. Let nobody hereafter accuse the blacks of lacking imagination, or that ' form of imagina tion which implies a. capacity for self deception; and for being humbugged by others,' Professor Sponccr, who spoko from the personally acquired experience of an export, explained tlmt deaths among tho natives- from tlio supposed infiueiico exercised through evil charms were remarkably common. Men who could survive from injuries or wounds' that would certainly be fatal to any white person gave up tho ghost by sheer- force of eonviction that they must do so— that there Was no oscapo for them. "When under such delu sions'," said -tlie lecturer, they " have the power of simply lying down and dying." Tliey recovered readily enough, howeVerj if persuaded that tho evil influence which haa entered their bodies was cither counteracted or with drawn/ Amongst so much superstition it is pbyioirs that tjie medicine man" can make easy conquests, and this was -testified to by the professor with many curious and amusing details. : It seemed ' clear tiiat'tlie fully quali fied native dootor is much more of a humbug than a victim of superstition himself.' Jugglery With pebbles and ludicrous mesmerio gyrations aro tlio regular means used to impress his gulliblo patients. The discipline which he' , .lias' to ..undergo .. successfully ,'in order' to get his diploma ' is V quite terrible1', in its severity, including nume- rriu's " lsiceratiuns ' of tender parts of .the anatomy, and these .no doubt!u;lp to make.4 " hard oaso" of him. . Various.other illustsp-. tratioua of good and' had magio . wore .'ehotknij There- are charms. Ito cure as well: as to;kill,j and .0 there with . special virtues, suoh' ai;'to! Tnako the whiskers 'grow (anil1 ;td assert the! tile conjugal authorUh hT.'the'-friilPI— A faallite! husband, need never ho benptekpffiji charm is 'available 1 fir Heronnjf'practicallvj '" ins taut'. obedien(»"j3 9 .The . . . -4<mu-'-V ;' IStfra 'A- ! 