[?] DAIRY NOTES. Anyone who has had much experience in raising calves has undoubtedly seen a vast difference in them. Some are dainty and need coaxing1 in order to get tl:em to eat. They never aeem to be hungry. If these calves live they do not amount to much (says a writer in Hoard's Dairyman) and not infrequently they mopa around with no appetite until finally they give up the ghost entirely. The other nnd more. d- sirablu kind of calf is always hungry. No matter how often you go to her stall she is always looking for something to pat, always trying to catch hold'of your cloth ing or your finger. Unless one i3 exceptionally wisa tins calf is apt to get an overfeeding of milk on account of her vigorous appotite and bowel troubles ensue. I've got such a calf at present, and it requires considerable firmness to prevent her getting more milk than is good for her. She scorned so hungry when a very little thing that the customary amount of milk was increased for her benefit, but it was mistaken kindness for excessive looseness of the bowels Sit in which W£S hard to check. We succeeded in bringing her out all right, however, on boiled milk in small quantities and plenty of raw eggs. I would like to know what is considered the best remedy for scours caused, of course, hy indigestion usually due to over-feeding. It is quite a nice matter to decide, just the amount gradually, as they can bear it. Over-feeding is more injurious than under-feeding, and when we sell a calf we always warn the purchaser against feeding too much milk at a time. Those accustomed to Shorthorns are most apt to err iu feeding the littlo Jerseys. Hay should be given as soon as the animal will pick at it, and ground oats an 1 bran iu email quantities can be fed to good advantage almost from the first. On the question of wet or dry milking, Farm Field, and Fireside has the following: — 'If a person milks on tho tugging or stripping system I 3hould not care to have him also adopting the dry method, for the reason that a lubricant is required to lessen the friction of the teat, and the milk is the easiest of applica tion for this purpose. Even in the squeezing system there is some friction which would be lessened by moisture. The objection to wetting the bands is that it tends to taint the milk, and as it leaves tlie teats wet they are apt to get cnappea or ocnerwise injurea. The method of testing cattle with tuberculin to discover tho presence of tuberculosis ia thus described by Mr. J. A. Gilruth, chief Govern ment veterinarian for Now Zealand: — 'The animals should be as quiet and as near their normal state as possible. With milking cows in the habit of being bailed up there is naturally no difficulty in preventing the rise of temperature, which readily occurs when animals are driven or unduly exercised, but with cows used solely for breeding purposes great care is necessary to prevent excitement or over-exertion. It is preferable to take the animals' temperatures morning and evening of the day of inoculation, but as the evening temperature is nearly always tho higher, especially in diseased animals, it is quite ser viceable to take just at the time of inoculat ing, which is best done from 6 to 7 p. in. Then the temperature is again taki_n at 12, 15, and IS hours afterwards. Any animal in which a rise of 2 deg. or over is manifested will be found to be diseased, a rise of from 1 deg. to 2 deg. is considered suspicious, and the animal should be tested again at a future time. Iu cases whore animals are rutting or near extent, for then sudden rises of temperature may occur independently of diseased condi tions. A rise of temperature uuder a degrees is of no moment.' An Araarican authority gives the following plan which lias been very successfully followed at ons of the experiment stations in testing smail numbers of cow3 :— Save about 2 oz. of j each cow's milk soparately in glass bottles or cans ; at tho next milking add the same quantity or a proportional quantity. A composite sa-mplo of tho day's milk ia thus obtained, and whila still frebli is mixed and then by m-'-ans of a small pipette 5 '9 C, are measured into a test bottle twice tile size of I those ordinarily used or test bottles made for ', 'iH C. of milk. The milk of sis days can bs I measured directly into the test bottles and ! then tested. The milk is measured while | sweet and fresh and will not harm if it sours in ! the test bottles. No preservatives need be ? used. The milk sample of 4 oz. can then be saved and there is uo loss through the taking of large samples. A British farmer advocates bran water as a milk stimulant for dairy cows. Here is his ' recipe :— If you desire to got a large yield of j rich milk give your cows every day water i slightly warmed and slightly salted in which ? bran has been stirred at the rate of 1 quart to ] 2 gallons of water. You will find if you have j not tried this daily practice that your cow will : give 2') per cent, more milk immediately under ' the effects of it, and that she will become so I attached to the diet that she will refuse to j drink clear water unless very thirsty. But ' this mess she will drink anv time and ask for ! more. The amount of this drink necessary is an ordinary water pail at a time— morning, noon, and night. | Milking machines are still being persevered with. The New Zealand Weekly Press reports j that Mr. S. Knight, of Rongotea, Rangitikei, has ' bad fitted up a milking-machine which enables him to milk his dairy herd of 50 odd cows with two assistants in an hour and three- quarters, whereas it formerly took him with three assistants three hours to milk the same number. The machine, which is fitted to milk eight cows at once, is the first in the district. In all other cases the dairymen who have been enthusiastic over milking machines at first have given them up eventually. It will be interesting to note whether Mr. S. Knight, of New Zealand, will get continued satisfaction from his machine. According to a statement in the Revue Scientijique, the chemical adulteration of milk is one of the hygienic factors now to be dealt with. It seems that M. Deniges, of Bordeaux, having obtained possession of three samples of yellow powder used by certain milkmen of Bordeaux to preserve tbeir milk, made a chemical analysis of it. This analysis showed that two of the powders were composed wholly of neutral chroma te of potash, that the third was a mixture of one part bichromate of potash and two parts neutral chromate, and- that the suspected milk had been adulterated with the last substance in the proportion of 0'30 gramme to the litre, Bay 5 grains to the quart. The alkaline chromates are, in fact, powerful antiseptics, capable, even in small quantities, of retarding lactic fermentation very noticably, if not of stopping it entirely. But because of the deleterious action of these salts on the organism the Revue calls emphatically for their complete exclusion from food substances, and particularly from milk. 