Npree Public School. MUSICAL ESTERTAIJJMEN'T. The concert and entertainment given bv the children of the Public School last Thurs day evening at the School of Arts, was from points of view, a pronounced success. It was supposed the threatening aspect of the weather would militate against a large attendance, but happily very feu were deterred from putting iu au appearance through that cause. Before tho perform ance ocean the hall was filled in ovary 11.11-1 and throughout the evening the audience displayed an unusual amount of appreci ation for Moree. It cau, therefore, ue con cluded that Ihe entertainment afforded satisfaction in a very high degree Speaking from the purely critical standpoint, little hesitation can bcfult in warmly congratulat ing Mr. Clarke, the head teacher, and his assistants, Miss Urummond and Miss Egau, on the success of their effort*. It is the first occasion that bo ambitious a musical performance vvas attempted by 'the pupils of the school, and necessarily great trouble was experienced in training tne performers for a public appearance of the kind. That they more than realised the expectation's formed in respect to them— even by their teachers— is proof that ttjo material worked on is of a very promising (lencription. Indeed, the tuneful character of the childrens voices was surprisingly good, a fact evidenced by the pleasing cllect of all the ohomses, while some of those to whom solos wero entrusted exhibited vocal powers well de serving of future cultivation. 'Playmates,' the operetta produced was specially com posed for chilrjrens displays, and is among, perhaps, the most favored compositions of this class. The music, if simple, is remark ably bright and tuneful, and tho situations, so to speak, gave scope for the introduction of effective dressing, which adds considerably to the pleasure of the performance. In this latter particular the managers of the enter tainment arc specially deserving of praise for the care that was taken to have all tlie characters attired after the best traditions. One special feature which elicited warm applause was the introduction of a troop of mineturehighlanders, tMir nations! costume and dancing being' alike' the ' subject' of deserved admiration. ' Mr. Clarke, as con ductor of tbe performance, awmittod himself of his onerous duties with even more than his usual ability in tbii direction, the paint Utah? thi ywtUvi pwtoBwi to wtah. and obey the motions of bin baton being proof of' the excellent training they had undergone. Miss Kjnui had marked »ucct*s as accompanist, while Mis^ Druininond evidently imparted a spirit In tho perform ance by her artistic rendition of tho part nf ?? Mother lirxm: ' that would have otherwise Ireen lacking. Tho strength of the chorus, which was mainly composed of very young children, xhows that no fcar need lie entertained as to the musical future of Moree. This fact was further evinced by the really creditable manner in which all the parts in* the operetta, were sustained. No doubt Mm very excellent vocalism of ' Mother Goose ' had an encouraging offcet on the olhor characters, but there were none amongst them who did not display in accurate acquaintance uith their role and :l conscientious desire t' bring out the best that was in thum The principal characters 111 the picuc were lupttisenlcvi at? follows!— Mother Goose, Miss Di-ummond ; Aunt Silly Miss Ruby Lpscberg i Flora M'Donald, Miss Alice Lesebcrg ; Aunie Laurie, Miss Elsie Loftus : Maggie Lander, Miss Monio Cornell; Jack Goose, Master A. Loscbcrg : Farmer Jack (Jack the Giant Killer), Master C. Hwlsou; Dick Whiltington, Master T. Hodwn; Cowboy Jack (Jack the Beau Stalk), Master »-. Miller : Siini-li; Simnis, Master V. CHam. The children com prised in the chorum— GirU— Ruhy Smith, Jioiid L-sclieiv, Stella Simpson, EUio Ford, Rnbv Frazer.Knthlw.-n Hcilcr, Daphne Murray, Florence Pauling. Raby Huwton, J.-nn- Moore, Ruby IU11, Stella Kay, Sarah Woods, Clara Higljiiis, Monica Cornell, Ruby L-.'selicrg. Florence Stius -n, Eva Ford, Alum Loselien.'. --.-io Fallow. Liuni Dowull, Maud 'Hmnplnies, Ida Fitzgerald, Lily Murray. ( 'is*i'-- ll.-dford. Elsit- Stnnhiiry, llAJihw M'ru«l. NVIlio Lllvnnn, Violet Lillvnmu. Oli«- ' Fiti^mM. Ktlwl Cii-ivr, I^itiie Stinwrn, Kllon ?I'.iylor. May Ui-uoker, K1I1...I Magee, Maud Djwvll. 1) itfie Fairhall, Klsie Uftus, dura Wliecler, D.iiiy Sianhury, Ethel Fermisson, Irene Eiui-rv.'Lilv Fon'l. Linda Hawton. Sarah Taylor, Luna 'Rccvea, l'.slll-AI'Golrifk, Agues' Shepherd, Aunie CVhranc, Olive llyrnes, Klaie Gall. IuIk-I. Ifcxille, Ma B.wllc, Millv Hodson. Boys IVrer Kny, Fraok Ro^erson, Sam Hojk-, . Jack Morgan, Harry Xcarv, Slraiton l'aul ini!, Carl Ivay, Erncat O'Hara, Leslie Williams, .Vofmaii IC/.'.v, Sam Lillyuuni. Arthur f-«el)cry, IVivy OHara, Arnold Wislon, Charles Hudson, Ksioch Seotl. I Henry Wheeler, Ralph Button, Arthur Buleor-k. George Millar, Norman M'Iih.jsIi, Tom Suttic, William Loftus. The open- ? ing chorus 'Who so Mcirv' by ' the , whole strength of the company, wut sutic with .'tvnl verve and served m. I once to place the audience on the I kindliest terms with' their entertainers, I Jack Goose's solo ' I am the only son of I Mother Goose' was aIso most offectivu, I while Mother Goose by her rendcriug of tho air ' Wp are hotter off now,' nt once litU-d the entertainment, to a high vocal level. 'Farmer Jack' was very good in 'A Ghost lives not far from here,' and Flora I M 'Donald also sung vory pleasingly ' I love I my dear old Highland Hills.' Dick Whit- I tiugton in 'My story begins' displayed I both acting anil vocal ability, while tho I chorus 'Turn again Whiltingtuu,' was I given with gi-eat spirit. Annie Laurie's solo I ' O happy, Tiappy liirlhpUce ' \vtts rendered I witlr great musical corrnjtiiess an.l tho I chorus which followed ' Lillle Limmies on I the Lea,' was one of the bust of the evening. I ' 1 am tho maid of all work ' by Aunt Sally I was nn effort of exceptional merit, and Cow- I boy Jack ill ' My mother and I,' was heard I to advantnge. ' Ofl Companioni- and Play- I mates,' was sang in excellent style hy I Maggie Liuder, while the trio 'Oh! Oh': I Oh I' was amongst the suceeuses of tho I cntertaiiimenl. Simple Simon displayed I well sustained ability all through the per- I well desemng a special word of praise. The ? March of the little Highlanders with their ? characteristic dance was, it need scarcely be ? said, moat effective, being mure provoeatiori * I of applause than any other item on the pro- H gramme. ' When from Playmates we are B I'arUtd,' the closing chorus of the rji-st part H of the programme, was sung with a musical H precision and attention to timo remarkable H in so juvenile a choir. TI|C Maypole dancing, H in the second part, was a feature that ex- H cited great interest and applause The ? reappearance in quick succession, of tho H -liffereut personages of tbe operetta in ^M costumes suited to their altered condition, HJ was carried out with excellent stage effect, H the singing being of a high ordur of merit,' H When, indeeil, the curuiu fell tliai-c was a HJ general feeling that the performance had HJ been throughout of a character which re- HJ flecle/l infinite credit on the performers anil |H and ull those responsible for lta production. HJ The operetta was followed, ami the enter- HJ tainmenl brought lo a close, by a capital ? exhibition of physical drill and ride exercises Hi by 24 boys, trained 19 the drill instructor, HI Mr. E. J. Dawkins. In this department of ? education, theyoutlisdispUyedahighdcgreu H of pi-oficioncy, and which won much favor- HJ able coinmont from the audience. The boys Hi who took part were :— X. Williams K HI Bevcgo, E. Smith, T. Snttie, P. Kay, G. HJ Wills, S. Hope, W. Day, R. Button, W ? Lnfius, A. Lesebcrg, J. Cainin, H. Wills HJ A. Westou, A. Badcock, C. Hudson! E HJ Scott, A. Heiler, W. aud A. Lillyman F H Rogerson, A. Coodyer, C. Humphries, ' H 