AMONGST CHURCHES. -4- NORTH PRESBYTERIAN. "GEORGE MULLER, THE BRISTOL PHILANTROPHIST." ON Sunday evening last, the Rev. Jno. Caldwell, pastor of the Presbyterian Church, Melbourne road, delivered an interesting lecture on the life of George Miller, the Bristol philantro phist. He took his text from Acts xi, 24: "For he (Barnabas) was a good man and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." The preacher said he had chosen the passage referring to Barna has as his text because there was a very strong parallel between the life of that apostle and of the subject of his discourse. Both men left home, kindred and good positions so that they might put to the test the promises of God. He did not intend to say anything about George Miller that would tend to exalt him, or to raise him higher in our estimation than a man of like passions to ourselves, but he wanted to bring out very promin ently the interest that God takes in humanity. George Muiiller was born in Prussia, Saxony, in September, 1805\. His father was an exciseman under the Prussian Government. All that we know of that father is that he was fond of administering strong doses of punishment, that he was very selfish, and only looked upon the career of his son as one that might. minister tolhis comfort and ease. George was not what might be called a good boy he was not even an ordinarily good boy. He tells us he was a born thief -he who has been held up as the greatest philantrophist of the century, was a born thief. He falsified his father's books and own private ac counts, and brgan to embezzle the government money which his father collected. One day he was caught by his father with stolen money hidden in his boot, and got a good thrashing, but thelash, from making him penitent, only made him resolve that next time he would not be found oct so easily. Before he was 17 he was 'imprisoned for three years for dishonesty. He became no better for that punishment. When twenty years of age he was brought to death's door, but as soon as he recovered he robbed his father and set out with two companions as wild as himself on a tour through Switzer land.- His thieving propensities were so strong that he even swindled his two companions in crime. Shortly afterwards he went to University to study for holy orders, his father choos ing that profession for his errant son because he hoped that he would be the occupant of some fat " living," so that he (the father) might have a comfort able home for the rest of his life. While at the University George Miiller attended, at the invitation of one of his fellow students, a college prayer meeting, when he became so convinced of the errbr of his ways that he there and then reformed-in one instant George Muiiller, the blasphemer and thief, was changed into George Muiiller, the man of God, the greatest philan trophist the world ever saw. Men need not scoff at sudden conversions after this, for here was a man changed in a moment from a sinful man into one whose after life brought such glory to God and such benefit to humanity. Thereafter Muiiller added a new book he...- ...ebudied-the -bible. He soon became a missionary, and offered himself to a society for the conversion of the Jews in the East End of London. After that for his health he was ordered to the tows/of Tamar, where he found that the bonds holding him to the society hampered him, so he decided to launch out as a free and independent missionary; so he set about his own work and founded a little church in Tamar. But he after wards moved to Bristol and labored there till the age of 30, when he embarked on the work of his life. The first scheme he inaugurated was the distribution of Christian literature at home and abroad. Up to 1879, in the furtherance of Christian education, 121,683 volumes were given to scholars at various schools; 281,652 copies of the Bible distributed in other countries, and also one and a half milliois of New Testaments, making a total distribution after 60 years' work of 111 million volumes of Christian literature, Bibles, New Testaments and copies of the gospels. The money for this work--400,000--came in without any special asking, but purely by means of prayer. When the in spiration came to him to found orphan homes there were only between 4000 and 5000 orphans being cared for by the authorities in England, while 70,000 or 80,000 fatherless and motherless children were without home and shelter. The rev. lecturer de tailed how Mr Miiller resolved not to start till he had received £1000 in aid of his project, and how the money came in, slowly at first, and afterwards more rapidly, without a single penny being asked for except by prayer to God. The good work was then com menced and in 1897 George Miiller had a family of-over 2050 orphans in his homes and a hundred helpers. It took £20,000 a year to keep the homes open, and during the whole 60 years no less than 10,000 orphans were giv~en liome and a start in life. Often they sat down to their last loaf of bread and their last measure of meal, but they never wanted : Miiller's prayers were always answered, and voluntary and unsolicited help always came pouring in. Not one contributer in every 50 knew Miiller, many sending donations out of thankfulness for having escaped accidents. The money spent by Miiller in his good works amounted to no less than a million and a half sterling, every penny of n hlich was spent in the service of (od. George Miiller's theory was laid down upon the foundation that there wus no rule in life so well worthy of l,.ing received and acted upon as God's loly Word-he says he has put every promiise of God to the test and never found one of them to fail. He miade its a rule to share everything he had with those around him and owe no man anything. The motive for this great work was to show that God hears and answers prayer, and those who had the slightest doubts on the eu .ect may profit by. the example of this good man's life. The choir sang the anthem " When Twilight Falls," the contralto solo being taken by Mise Ethel Keig, Mr Heap, choir-master, presiding jt the organ. 