OHtJRUH- iKTKLLIGfiNGE. THE LATE REV. B. C. STEPHENSON. Un biinnay atternoon the ceremony was performed or uuveiling the handsome stain ed gfess window which has been erected in the western transept of St. Peter's Catfhcdnl in memory of the late Rev. B. C. Stephenson, whose death caused such widespread regret in the Anglican commu nity. The window was the special gift of the children, in whom Sir. StepCienson took a deep interest, and they in turn bore an equal love for their spiritual guide. There was a large congregation, composed mainly of young people, and the service was an impressive one. The Bishop of Adelaide officiated, and he was aissistc-i by hi? o'haplam (Rev. L. P. Crawfurd) and the preceptor of the cathedral (Rev. W. S. Milne). Immediately after the reading of the special lesson the bishop, clergy, and cthoir went in procession to the site of the memorial window, where the usual prayers of the dedication ceremony were recited. Dr. Warmer called on Dr. 1. K. Hamilton to unveil the window — 'To the greater Sory of God, and in memory of Bryant larles Siephenson.' This prayer was titicn offered: — 'Almighty God, wiho hast called us out of darltneVs into Thy mar vcll-ousi light. Mercifully accept our service, and graciously receive at our hands this window, which we o'Ter and dedicate to beautify the place of Thy sanctuary, iu me mory of Thy servant, Bryant Charles Stephensjon, to the honor of Hun, the In ig(lHn(*ss of Thy glory, whom Thou hast given to be a light to lighten tihe GentileB, even Je.sti.s Christ our Lord, who wiHi Thee and tihe Holy Ghost liveth and reigncth, ever one God, wor: 1 without end. Amen.'' The procession returned to the sanctuary, and Mr. Cmwfurd gave an ad dress. He took for his text the words, 'O, worship tho Txinl in tiie beauty of holiness.' He said that when tilie children came to their devotions through the ordi nary porrfh-door of the cathedral their eyes would rest on the window which had been uuveiled in memory of one who was truly ohe children's friend. The figure on the window represented St. Hugh, Bishop of Lincoln He wore and was surrounded byj all the symbols of his high and holy office, and in his life he bore a strong re semblance in many respects to Mr. Steph enson St. JIu^i lived to save the souls for which Christ had. died; he never forgot that lie was a parish priest., and he was called liy the endearing name of 'Father of ihe poor.' He paid special attention to those afflicted wi'-h leprosy, and Mr. Stej lienson had also worked zealously on l)L-ha]f of the poor, the sick, the aged, and the destitute. Many a boy and girl who had grown up since Mr. -Stephen son !iad departed fffh life could look back and say ''lie was my best friend. '' The children were 'his special c.tro, and. like St. Hugh, hi? h.id ,i wojidi.'i-fii] geiilli.'iie.ss of charac ter, which constituted the truest mark of Christ iu the man. It was the gentleness of Iii-s nalure that made Mr. Stenhenson -iii alj.-inliuelv at home when speaking to i!ii l.lrvii or lightening ilie liurden of some pour destitute person.;. There was u won derful bonuly about !his death. Those who saw it --.iid it was not like death at all—it was only going home, it was the tired i.-inld failing to sleep. 