LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY. JULY 20. The President (Hon. Sir R. C. Baker) took the Chair at 2 o'clock. BRANDING OF STOCK. The CHIEF SECKETAKY (Hoo. J. V. O LogbJui) informed tUr Hon. II. Aduns tiial the question of introducing a Bill to amena nod consolidate the Acts relating tc the branding of stock, as provided for iii Bill* submitted by the Hon. Sydney Smith, of New South Wales, and the Hon. A. J. Tbvrme, of Queensland, to tbe In tercolonial Conference of Members of Agri culture, held in Melbourne. February, 1893, was under consideration, but the Govern ment could not undertake to deal with the nuuteir this session. PROTECTION OF BIRDS. .The CHIEF SECRETARY told the Hon. 3JL T. r. Basedow that a Bill for the pro tiction of birds was under consideration, but could not be introduced this session. t a THE ADDRESS IN REPLY. Adjonrned debate on the motion for tbe aooption of the Address in reply, to which Ah-. Ward had moved an amendment to tad to the Address the following para graphs:— '3. We regret your Excellency's fctatenient that it is tbe intention of your Fiesent advisers to introduce a Bill for an Act to substitute for the franchise upon wbick this Council is constituted a house hole franchise without any value limit. 4. It ib our opinion that your Excellency's ad y.-fcera have failed to justify the confidence hitherto entrusted to them by the Legisla ture.' (July 19.) ^^ The Hon. A. It. ADDISON hoped now that the political storm bad abated aud cieii away to a stagnant calm they would be able to go on with the business of the rcuiiUy. lie regretted that the nocon facencc motion had been moved, because it was certainly an unfair action towards the Ciovernwent. When they remembered the extreme drought through which the country had passed during the last few veaiv they and the colonists should have bceti grateful— the colonists were— for the tranntr in which the Government had -!ealt with very difficult questions. He was ctrtair- no Government could ha»c done more towards helping the country in ex trerr? bad times than the present one. It was one of the weakest attempts ever made »ts'iLSi a Government. The charges were simply those of spending money on the village settlements, for which they had no Parliamentary authority, and on tbe duplication of the overland telegraph line. He thought they had heard the last of that wietclied tune of the village settlements, bwsuisc when the Government spent the roone- they were compelled to do some ding, ami they acted in the best interests of thtr colony. It would have been mad ties? when the settlers were left destitute if they had allowed them to starve; they onl- did their duty in helping them. Some of the settlements had amsets which would 1'uy lfa. and other* 20a. in the pound, and considering the Large sums which had been j».iiu to assist other industries thoy should not btgrtidgc them the small amount paid. Ii the Oovermncnt bad not taken action in dL-plivatln? the overland teiecraph line it would have been right to eject them, hi'l urininly not because they bad taken the roponxibility upon themselves. What was tlie il-^ of having responsible govem n:rnt if the iJovcrnment would not take aitiou? It would have been serious for commercial men if the Government had not adopted the course they had. but instead had allowed steps to be taken to create an opposition line. On account of the in Uiruptions it van their bounden duty to do xumething, and now the duplication bad been started they would bear little of au opposition line. He was glad the Govern ment intended: to push on with the Bunda leer waterworks. He did not say the scheme would pay, because it would be many years before it would return 3 per cent, but it was a work they must pro ceed with. It was like -all great works; they had gpne so far, and they must con tirue it. It was like a man with a big overdraft. The Bank must carry him en, for it could not stop him. Now they had cxt-tnrfetl a million of money an ordinary bL-Fuiess man would spend more to keep the thing going. Unless they did so the country would be abandoned, and it was too closely settled to allow of such a 'thing ad that. The)* needed to do something to keep the agriculturists in the country. When they round such men as Bew», Kelly, and (Yittcndeo going to Oueensland it was a little serious. (Hon. J. IL Howe— 'It has been going on for years.') So much the worm if it had been. It only showed that South Australia would hoou be left with eld men and women and young children. All the young active men would go else wlero. I Hon. E. Ward — 'Are -;ou going tco'r') He would go to- morrow if he had not such a large stake in the country. It behoved them to stop the exodus. It woulrt be monstrous not to authorize the Rundalecr scheme. It was true that it would not give immediate relief; only rain cculci do that, but it* the settlers saw that the Parliament were not doing anything, aiul that next season they might be in the sense position as. now, they would be juttiHcd in clearing out. He trusted the members who bod opposed the motion bad vi&itcr; the country in recess, become ac quainted with the position, and would vote for the undertaking. Unfortunately. o»ir nnt:cu.il works hau been failures. It re flected upon the departments and upon the Paili.-unput-t of long ago. (Chief Secretary -'What about Hapi.y Valley?') That would be a pood work, but if it had not liter, rarricd out the people here would b-: in the same position as those at Iteeta loo. It Bumlalcer had been carried out in tbe first place there would not have bc*n the present difficulty. If they had taken the Hrst blaekfellow and a»ked him wberc a dam should have been placed, he wfiiM have pointed out tfie site of the Buudalccr Dam, foL there was four tiitica a» large a eatehMnt, and the supply from there would bavermen ample for the \n-i pipe-track. ( Hon. F. Basedow— ' Wh- wab it not done?') He did not know. Why was the Port Railway made whore it was and private land bought when they ha«l land reserved for a canal or a rail way: and why did they go past Mount Fttp.rs'son, where they had 22 ft. of water, and finished where there was only S in. (lira. 1C S. Gutbrie— 'That is some of the legislation of bygone days.') It was be cause members Knew nothing about the country for which they were legislating that these works were undertaken. They were all Adelaide men. (Sir EL T. Smith— **It wa* the country members who carried that Bill'*) If the two branches of the Legislature had been constituted then as they were now th'ose works would never have been undertaken, because, whatever ebs might be said of the Labour l'arty, iu members admittedly hod tried to make themselves acquainted with the country which they were assisting to govern, and that was more than could be said of former members. Now. however, that these works bad been started it would be utter madne** to stop. They must be kept going, and he t7U6teil therefore that the Bundaleer scheme would be started almost immedi iitdy. He was plconed U- learn that the Govf rnmeut had determined to extend the franchise for that Chamber. He was glad, tjpo, that the Bill dealing with that question was framed upon similar lines to those which he advocated ten years ago. (Hon. Ii. H. Guthrie — 'Sir George Kingston wa* the tint to advocate it.' Chief Secretary— 'I always advocated from the tint time I took to* the platform.') He thought the former attitude of the Chief Secretary upon it wax something like tbe position be took up regarding the railway from Laura to Ar-rila-Yarrowie. He adroitly sat upon a roil. Personally he failed to understand how member* could argue that a reduction of the frauchfee for the Council was tanta mount to a ucrifire of the privilege* of that Chamber. The proposal meant an exten sion of thoee privileges. The more popular that Chamber wa» made tbe better for it. It they educated the people they must give them incrcawd powers, and it was tar better to give theui those powers volun tarily thorn to be forced to bestow them through outride pressure. Now that the political storm had passed away and mem Iters were in calm water again he trusted that each one would do his best to get oa w-th the business of the country so that the work of this session might be of some practical service. The Hon. .1. L. STIRLING *aid othjr members had deemed it part of their duty to record their sorrow at tbe lots the Council had sustained through the death of the late Hon. W. Hashm, and it would be ill- becoming of him to refrain from join ing in the kind *Vnr* that had been said of that gentleman- Mr. Haalam's loss bid caused taem to welcome to tbe Chamber a new representative of the North-Eistcra district, and with his expression of regret at the loss of Mr Haslam he wished to couple hiu words of welcome to Mr. Lewis, in whom he belisved they would find ore whose experience would help them in deal ing with practical matters coming before the Council. They had been taunted by some brandies of the Press and urged by others regarding various courses of duty u|K-n the Address iu reply. There were others like Mr. Addison, who thought that all talk on the Address ia reply was an absolute waste of time. He ventured to think as a member ot tlie Opposition that it was the most convenient opportunity the-- had— and one that should be availed ot— of criticising anything in the policy of the Ministry which they might question. He did not agree eutirdy with Mr. Ward in tabling a no-confidem-o motion, which, if curried, would not have the effect he desired. If the circumstances warranted it, and Mr. Ward moved a motion to take the business out of tbe hands of the Chief Secretary, and to appoint another member to control the business of. the Council— as was done on a previous occasion— he would support him. Regarding the proposed re duction of the franchise for the Council, he would vote with Mr. Ward- It was his bounden- duty to maintain the privileges of that class which had returned him to Parliament. Members had no cause of complaint regarding the quantity of matter contained in the Governor* Speech, but the quality of it was open to much criti cism. It was amusing to see the old fami liar faces that had so often appeared in the opening speech. He was glad to think that some members were awakening to the fact that a number of the proposals therein were merely prettily dressed dolls, intended for their amusement and to have no real effect. The present Ministry stood condemned by a maiority of seven mem bers in the House which made or marred Ministries. On the one side they were condemned for their policy, and on the other for their administration. A Govern ment which was condemned for malad ministration ought nut to retain office. The present Governmeut. however, were prepared to cling to office like limpets. They bad heard in that Chamber, without a murmur and without comment, a strong supporter of the Government saying, for sooth; that he 'was not prepared to throw away dirty water until he had got clean.' Apparently the Government took that as a. compliment. He believed that in Go vernments, as in private life, there ought to be some conceit with regard to the posi tion they occupied. Mr. Addison had said that no Government deserved more sym pathy than the present, because they had bad to pass through such bad times. That gentleman had further stated that they pad done one thing and another, which if they had not done he would hare voted against them. He knew that the position of a Ministry was a difficult one, but he ventured to say that the criticism be stowed' upon them was not entirely for the acts they bad done, but for the way in which they had done them. Yet the Government were vain enough in their pride of place to say that they knew they had overridden Acts of Parliament, and were prepared to do so again. (Chief Sec retary— '* Under the same circumstances.') What was the use of a Parliament then? The grievance that existed regarding tui village settlements had never been con doned by Parliament. The new Adelaide Railway Station was being built without Parliamentary authority. He blamed the Government for undertaking such works without consulting Parliament when they had the opportunity of so doing. The items in the Governor's Speech did not seem to indicate a period of rest and quietness such as he had often yearned for. He wished to praiNe the Government for the work they had done in connec tion with federation. In his attitude upon that matter the Premier had shown himself poneewed of more than his usual tackbone, whilst he had aim proved more loyal to the principles he avowed than he generally was in politics. He did not, however, sec eye to eye with the Premier upon the course the latter had pursued in sending tbe peremptory telegram be hod forwarded to Mr. Keid retusini; to join in a conference of Premiere. (Hon. J. H. Howe— 'A very proper thing to do.') No doubt it was, but he believed Mr. Kingston wns noted for his laud able detiire to be regarded as one of the strong leaders' of Austral/a. He be lieved the telegram in question had done more harm than good. (Hon. J. H. Howe —'?He knew the man he had to deal with.') If before such a reply was sent the Premier had ascertained upon what points Mr. Reid wanted the Common wealth Bill amended be believed the New South Wales Premier's demands would have been small coaipared with what they now were. Every reasonable person now admitted that that Bfll would have to be revoniidered in certain particulars. It was satisfactory to hear that they would not require any more taxation, and he wished to give the Government praise for the economical manner in which they had administered tlie Civil Service. He nad always believed in lewcning the coat of the service by not filLng vacancies when they occurred. The administration of the Government on that point would compare favourably with any other. The Labour Party had said that they should pay a minimum wage, but it was much better for the Government, where they had worthy coses of individuals deserving help from them to give them what their work was truly worth. With regard to their finances generally the Government had had a rare slice of luck. Unfortunately an era was coming round when many of the worthy colonists who had done much for the colony were passing awav, and the deaths of those pioneers bad enabled the Treasurer to enlarge his revenue. If the true trend of the Government policy was carried out the outlook for future Treasurers was not so good, because they did not believe in rich people living in the colony, and there fore the amounts tor probate would not be so large as now. lite laudable desire of a rich person to subdivide his property during lu'c life was looked upon as on eva siou of the Act, and they were promised legislation which was to have the effect of preventing that, so that they should not evade the succesKion duties, lie believed in rich persons dividing their properties during lifetime. A man who had made his money honestly should be allowed to deal with it as he thought best. In the Speech they had their old friend the alteration ut the franchise for the Legislative Council, and be supitoscd that it had been dress.*! in iu new pirments with the idea of making a more popular appeal to the people at election time. If the Government were going to have household suffrage they might as well do away with the iranchise altogether. They would give it to every one except ropies and vagabonds who coold not find resting-places. Why give it to wives of voters and not to widows, who might happen to be residing with their brothers, or elderly epinsters who remained at home? The present franchise a-is quite low enouch, and he was glad to hear that toe Hon. Mr. Rusaell would not co «o far as the Government proposed, if the Bill was carried the widow* and then the spinsters would wa:t on the Right' Hon. Charles Cameron King ston and lay their case before him. and the Act would be in that way gradually ex tended until they got the franchise down to that of the House of Assembly. (Hoo. -i. R. Addu-wm— 'Thousands vote now who are not entitled.') The reason given for the required alteration of the franchise was the reduction in the price of property, and the challenge had been thrown out to have thoM people removed from tlie roll, but it had never been taken up. The Government liad been blamed, especially by the Labour Party, for their want of a public works policy. They had some old railways clothed with new names. They were now quite used to the railway to Queensland, but it did every year as a proposal which might gain thcassent of Parliament, and had the effect of winning to the Government vote* of members who resided in the northern parts of the colony. The most disappointed people in the colony if it were carried would- be the Government themselves. They had had for many years their old friend the Pinna roo railway. Then it ap peared as the Wow-Wow railway; but now the ghost liad been laid, the Government having become convinced that it was a dead bird. They saw that it was nopelosB to introduce it. During his short Pariianvm tarv carver he had known of measures le ing* carried through the energetic action cf tlie Government. The Government had themselves to blame if they failed to carry the Bundaleer water scheme. There was an expretwon of opinion from all sides of the Council last year that the matter should be considered in a Bui. (Chwi Secretary— 'Most unprecedented.') Wh-;n thev saw a provisional vote for £SO,ft)J grown to £700.000 or £800,000 it was time the Council said they should have a Bill. (Chief Secretary— 'How will a Bill prevent it?') It would fix tbe amount to be ex pended. (Chief Secretary— 'So does the re solution.') He knew how the Government treated resolutions. He had always advo cated the building cf a new railway Ra tion, but he deprecated the way in which the work was being done. What oppor tunity would the Council have of saying bow the work should be done? An other railway they had lost sight of was the Angaston line. If the Government were coins to undertake construction they should do it where closer settlement ob tained. He would support that far before the Queensland border Use. because co railway would pay for carrying suvk alone. They 'were u-M that the pro*pect* o: mineral development justioM the build ing of that line. Mistral depewcu ao far a» they had been traced extended onlv a liKl« dituoce. iroa the Las, tad they knew that it would have to pass through miles of plain country, where no discove ries had becu made. He regretted to see the proposals for the compulsory repur chase of large estates. Last year it wa« pointed out that if the Bill then proposed did not have the desired effect the Govern ment would have to take the severer step of making the purchase compulsory, fhe Government by their own determined obstinacy were alone to bl.une for the non effeetivences of that measure. He insisted on the abolition of tuo taxation by lanJ value assessment and the insertion of Par liamentary approval. If the members bid 6tuck to that tbe Bill would have had iu- effect. The Government scheme by their own admission had been of no value what ever. There was a settlement of owner ship as well a.- imnrovettr ts lor tlie owner himself which liad to ue paid for, and they were not covered by the 15 per cent, margin. He did not oppose the Bill which allowed voluntary repurchase, but he did intend to op|-ose comiiulHory repur chase. The Government said that a fair ai lowauce would be made for compulsory taking. Who was prepared to trust the Govern ment in that statement? Individuals who owned land had a perfect right to place the value— he called it senti mental value-^-the love of* their own homes and surroundings— on their land. If a man were not prepared .to sell at less than £i it was unfair for the Government to take it at £3. Speaking of the Pastoral BU, he complimented the majority of the Council upon the action they took some years ago, which had been instrumental m gaining for the pastoralists something in the direction of just-ce. It was a motion of the Council which forced action upon the Government; he believed it was Mr. Addison's statement that if the Govern ment did not introduce amending .cgisla tron he would refuse to proceed with leg islation, and that had great weight with the Government. It was the determined obstinacy of the Government and their failure to recognise the necessities of the case that had caused delay, which had cost the country the loss oi many good tenants. How far Parliament was now prepared to lay the foundations for the uprising ot tbe industry afresh be could not ray, but be hoped that it would be prepared to offer encouragement which would help to make the industry some thing like it uacl to be. He regretted that the present Bill was not a consolidat ing measure. As now drafted it woald be found unworkable. The Bill should be clear and explicit, but to endeavour to graft it upon existing Acts would not be very satistactory. The intention was not to curtail any privileges existing to a pas toral lessee, but to increase privileges to those who had not got them already. He regretted the proposal to introduce another socialistic undertaking— the establishment of State fire insurance. The Premier, as the friend of humanity, would have been acting much more up to the role which he professed if he had undertaken l:fe insurance before property. No doubt the Government would say that they had taken action to knock down a vast mono, poly, but the Government proposed this before the monopoly existed. Up to last year rates on insurance were very low, and nobody complained. They were rather high now, but experience showed that combinations could not exist for any length of time, and that when Companies found that . insurance was not being effected they would reduce their rates to a reason able maren. Where would the Govern ment be if, unfortunately, the Bill passed, and unfortunately the upper end of Bundle-street were burned down. The; would be mulcted in a sum of £300,000 or £400,000. Would that not be a constant drain upon the taxpayers to make up that amount? The only possible rea son in introducing the Bifl would be profit, but the Government would have to run enormous rinks with out having what the Companies had— the opportunities of making profits when they were available. Rates would bare to come down- The experience of New Zealand was that it cost 6 to 7 per cent, more to collect. (Chief Secretary— 'They are doing an immense business.') So could any in stitution which did not reckon how it would get its money hack. No doubt the State insurance institution in New Zea land would do an immense business, and get the bulk of the bnsines*, but tbe time would come when the losses would have to be made up. (Chief Secretary— 'It has been many years, in existence.') Did the Chief Secretary consider that ten or fifteen vears was long enough in the life of any insurance Company to test its sta bility? They bad the usual batch of old friends — Early-closing Factories, Em ployers' Liability, and Workmen's liens Bills. The Government finished the Speech with, the satirical paragraph— 'My advisers adhere generally to -the policy which they have previously declared, bat feel that the sexaon can be more profit ably employed by dose attention to the measures already specified than by any less thorough effort to grapple with more work.' They had enough work for three years before them, if they tackled it. They had the promise of that beautiful satire of a law reform Bill to be introduced for the purpose of reducing litigants' cost (Hon. D. M. Charleston— 'A satire upon himself-') He could not understand the effronterv of an officer belonging to the legal profession with the record attached to that career during tlie last two sessions undertaking seriously to advocate the cheapening of law. They all thought two years ago, when the Attorney- General in troduced the Bill, that he was not in earnest, and even now very few people would believe that he was sincere in his efforts to reduce the cost of law. It nectncd like Satan reproving sin. As a member of the legal profeMion he believed there was scope for alteration and amend ment, but the present authors of law re form were not going the right way to bring it about (Hon. J- G. Bice— 'Tfou have a try; you are too honest to practise law.'') He admitted there was scope for reform, in making law less expensive to the litigants and more practical to all dosses. He pointed out when the Law Reform Bill was introduced before where the measure was entirely wrong. Hon. members of tho Council would no doubt hesitate to accept the Bill, coming from the Hource it did. The CHIEF SECRETARY had already expressed his regret at the death of the Hen. W. Haslam. and testified to his cha racter. He also deplored the loss of a valued member of the other House, Mr. McPherson, with whom he had the pleasure of being intimately acquainted. Both Houses had been fortunate in tbe selection of their successors. The Hon. Mr. Lewis had delivered a thoroughly practical and straightforward speech. He was pleased to timl that G»ro members like the mover and seconder, who were at such opposite poles in politics, had been ao much in agree ment in the matters contained in the Sooech. It should be an encouragement to Mr. Ward in hia effort to secure that grand coalition between the Liberal and Conservative parties. Mr. Warren and Mr. Russell hod let off speeches on federation, with which they regaled the electors a few months ago. There was no doubt that the country had endorsed the Bill paned by the Convention. He did not think any Bill was likclr to be got which would be more favourable to South Australia. (Hon. W. Russell— 'Is that your opinion or tbe Premier'*?') That was bis opinion. Mr. Warren had given a Ion; speech with re gard to the ^Northern Territory, which the hoo. gentleman would people with coloured people. If that ever happened he would lind that it would not be to the advantage of the rest of Australia. (Hon. J. Warren —'I did not say I would people the Terri tory by coloured people.'] It was the gist of the hon. member's speech. The hou. member said our defences were not up to date. If we attempted to place the de fence forces of the colony up to the most recent derelogpceute in the way of arma ment and war appliances it would cost the revenue of the colony to deal with the matter effectively. We were not one of the Great Powers yet, and it would be 'im posmble to place the defences upon the same lines as those of the European nations or America, but the most we could do was to have a fairly efficient force which might bo able to deal with .any attack likely to arise, and to have ic armed with weapons it could use. In South Australia there were eight Maxim guns— more than any of the other colonies posseted— and there were 1,000 smallbore rifles ready to issue— the same as those with which the Imperial force* were armed. There was a coniddsr able quantity of ammunition in the stores and at sea, and when it arrived ther^pro po*-d to arm the active force witii the new rides. In the active force and reserve there were 1,200 men and about 600 or TOO in the rifle dubs, which comprised all the best shots. If the occasion arose they could put 2,000 men in the field. Consider ing there was not any dangerous attack im- 1 mment, that was as much as they could be j expected to do. They were fully alive to the necessity of the place, and there wad no reason for disponigeaieu:. (Hou. R. :-. Guthrie— 'What about the Naval Force:' ) ? During the last few years the Protector had been in commisnoa more than it had pre- j viously. With tbe liinitvd means at their di*posa! thsy were doing all they could for both forces.* Mr. Stirling iiid cot jitend u- support Mr. Ward in his proj-o«.-J (stroapi lation of the Ministry, but he iaiwiod 'm support his amend n:«*nt with rv^ard to a H:M which it wa* indicate! wr-u)d he intro- 1 durc-l IV Biil had been introduced in another place, and was it courteous to iati nuu- a-hiii- the Bill wa* under consd«ntion ihi: they won'd not pa.« it in the Council asd carry in anticipation a motion coodem CAftry of cc principle* contained in the measure iis'.cid o; waitirg until tbs matter came before them, when they might dispose of teas they thought fit They did not know in what shape the Bill would come before them. Some hon. members who did not favour household suffrage approved of extending the franchise to leaseholders, but they did not know whether tbe Bill would contain any proposal to which they could agree or whether the Bill might not] reach them in a form which would oe acceptable to them. It was a most unusual course to anticipate a proposal before they had the Bill before them, and he trusted they woald not carry the motion. Mr. .Stirling had said a majority of tbe other House had con demned the policy or the administration ot the Government. If they took that method of computation it would be possible u- nod tbat nearly every member of both Houses was not in accord with the Ministry on some line of policy. There might not be a member who was in favour of tiiie whole twenty-nine proposals of the Government, but no one could point to any line of policy upon which a member could submit with any hope of success a motion against the Government. They had been condemned for unconstitutional pucticett in regard to tbe village settlements, but could any hon. member table a motion condemning them for what they had done in that matter with any hope of success? Could any one do it with regard to the rate of wage? Mr. Stirling had referred to the Government not consulting the Parliament, but the Ministry must take some responsibility daring recess. They would not be worthy their nosition if they were not prepared to deal with an emergency when it arose. Tlie Ministry would nave been culpable and have deserved censure if in the case oi the Overland Telegraph Line, when there was a possibility of a rival line to tbe detri ment of South Australia, they had dilly dallied and waited for Parliament before they sanctioned the expenditure. Jn matters arising during recess the Govern ment clearly understood their liability to be turned out if tbe House did not approve of the course they adopted. No action had been taken to condemn them for spending the money on the- overland line, but be thought there was a majority of members in favour of it The Ministry had been taunted with having made promises they could not fulfil, but all the Ministry could do was to indicate the lines of policy, bring them forward, and do their best to para them. They had endeavoured conscien tiously to forward the measures as oppor tunity offered, and if they had not been parsed into law it was not the fault of the Government Ministries might propose, but it was for the Legislature to dispose. There was the case of the An gaston Railway. It had been defeated by an overwhelming majority. There had been no election since, and it would have been only playing with the question for them to have tried to pass it again. If it had been lout by a few votes they might have tried. So with « many other measures introduced in previous sessions. The Go vernment saw there was no chance of pawing them. It was hardly to be expec ted that the Government would carry all the items, but they hoped to be successful in most of them. Last session had been devoted largely to the question of federa tion, and on that account many local mat ters had to be postponed, but the Govern ment should not be olamed for that Mr Martin had a grievance, but he was at a loss to understand it He admitted that he had had an extension of the time for nil contract for fngines. Later on be nad the opportunity of undertaking a contract for engines for Western Australia, and when he found that the fact that he had two more engines to complete for South Australia would delay the execution of the order for Western Australia the Govern ment came to his relief, and said they would relieve him of the contract for those two engines and make them themselves, so that he could devote the whole of his time to the engines for Western Australia. Yet the hon. member was. not grateful, but complained that the Government had not given him the facilities which he had the right to expect. Instead of having a griev ance he, bid been treated liberally. Mr. Ward delighted in playing with no confidenre motion*. It could not tend to strengthen the petition of the Council or beneficially affect its status for the Council to pass .resolutions to which no effect could be given. The hon. member had pelted the Ministry with poetry and rhetoric in his rodomontade, and he imagined that -was the genuine statesmanship about which he indulged in mock heroics. He had referred to a circular from the Demo cratic Federal Union meeting at the Tem perance Hall, but the temperance part of the Union could not be aware that his own policy was to remove the duty on beer. He did not know why they had taken up Mr. Ward, unless they had turned up 'Hansards' of twenty yean ago and found that' ' he was then a prominent man in democratic circles, and -they imagined that he was still in the van of progress of democracy. If the members ot that body only looked up his career since that time they wouta find they had been wofully mistaken, and that they had appealed to a gentleman who must have. been very much surprised to receive their communication. What ever they might think of the proposal re garding the reduction of the franchise for the Legislative Council, the proper time to discuss it was when the Bill came before them. As to the direct no-confidence motion, it could have no effect and the Council would be only discrediting itself by carrying a motion which it could not make effective. The mover of the motion had referred to the reapnointment for a term of the Senior Physician and Senior Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital The position of Drs. Napier and Smith was different to that of other public servants. Thoy had been brought here at a critical time to take very responsible positions— they had come a long way. and had severed their connection and their practice in another part of the world— and it was only just to them that they should be informed before the termination of their engage ment* what the MiiKsterial intentions were concerning their continuance after tbe expiry of their agreements. The Govern ment had acted wisely in confirming the recommendation of the Board by rcap pointing them. He believed the Govern ment had been exceedingly fortunate in obtaining men of such skiU and adminis trative ability. Attempts had often been made to disparage the Hospital. Only on Tuesday he had received a reply to ques tions and statements made, which were found to be in every respect unfounded. Attempt* had been made to show that the death-rate as regards typhoid patient* vena high, and that patients were not properly treated. Tlie direct reverse wax the cast*. He had aaked for and obtained statist-ex regarding the mortality amongst typhoid patient* during the last three or four years, and these were most convincing and en tirely contradictory to the statement* made under the signature of a medical gentleman in Adelaide. They showed that in 1895— in the good old days of the late honorary staff— 07 cases of typhoid had been treated, out of which there were 19 deaths, or 19.6 per cent; in 180ft— which marked the beginning of the present regime— 13$ cases were treated for 18 deaths, or 13 per cent: in 1897. 167 cases were treated for 17 deaths, or 10.1 per cent.; whilst during th« present year, in which typhoid had been unusually preva lent, 197 cases had been treated up to date for a mortaHy of 18, or 9.1 per cent. Comparing the year 1898 with 1305. there fore the percentage'had been reduced one half. (Hon. J. H. Howe— 'They torn the patients out of the Hospital into tbe street* to die.') Had the hon. member any warrant for that statement? Tbe statistic* which he had also showed that the mortality generally in the Hospital had been considerably reduced. Regard:ng the Bundaleer scheme, he hoped to be able to show that the course of procedure by resolution had always been adopted in re gard to country waterworks. He trusted member* would assist the Government in getting that scheme through the Council at tbe earliest possible moment The Hon. G. McGREGOR moved the adjournment of the debate. The motion was declared carried, whereupon the CHIEF SECRETARY called for a divi sion, which resulted as follows:— Aves, 12.— Honn. M. P. F. Bawdow, Dr. A. Campbell, H. R~ Fuller, R. $. Guthrie, J. H. Howe, J. Martin, G. MeGreiror. W. A. Robinson, A. W. fsmdford, E. Ward, .!. Warren, and Sir £- T. Smith (teller). Noes, C— Hons. A. R. Addison. j. G. Bice. D. M. Charleston. W. Russell, J. ]„. Stirling, and J. V. O'Loghlin itel'er). Majority of 6 for the Ayes. The adjourned dtbate was fixed for the next day. POLLING-PLACE. QUEENS OW.S' TUWX. Adjourned debate on the motion for a proclamation declaring QueeuV Owrn Town to be a jK-liiuj:-piaiv tor th-* Klectural LMs i triet of Mount lUrker. (July IS.) , Tlie CHIEF SECHETAKY saj.l the P»* | turcisg (.clicer's revert wa* iavo.iml-;-\ aud he therefore b&d; no objet-;ioa u- the motion. The Hon. E. WARD asked if it were competent for the Council to proceed with other than ion;:al Lusiaes* hi-ioic the do bate on the AddreM hi reply had been completed. The PRESIDENT— It u nuite -!-r.mr**p«t for the Council to proceed wah other busi ness. As a mazier of courtcsr tho C^ijn cu do* cot as a rui* lake any humapits Wore adootinz tii*» Addrwa in repiy. but the Council has perfect power to rcguidte iw nwn prooNduics. The Hon. W._ RUSSELL, on a point of order, a»ked ii it waa fair to country member* to adjourn the debate at that early hour. Tbe PRESIDENT— That is not a point of order. Carried. EXTENSION OF THE BROAD- GAUGE TO PETERSBURG. On the motion 'That the papers kid upotr tlie table by the Chief Secretary re l.-.tinc to the extension of the broad-gauge rail to Petersburg be printed*' being Valtad upon, Tht Hon. E. WARD said he would not be guilty of discourtesy to tlie Crown, and tlicrcfore he moved— 'That the motion be made an Order ot the Day for Wednes day next.' The motion was declared carried. Mr. Addison called for a division, which rc nult-»d as follows:— Ayes. 14.-Hons. M. P. F. Basedow, H. It. Fuller, R. S. Guthrie, J. H. Howe, .T. Martin, G. McGregor, J. V. O'Loehlin, W. A. Robinson, A. \V. Saadford, Sir E. T. Smith, S. ToroUnaon, J. Warren, C. Willcox, and E. Ward (teDer)., Noes, 6.— Hons. J. G- Bice, Dr. A. Camp bell D. M. Charleston. W. Russell. J. L Stirling; and A. R. Addison (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. RESUMPTION OF TRAVELLING STOCK ROADS. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved That this Council disapproves of the r- romption of certain stock roads in the Hun dreds of Yongalo, Kadina, and Kingston, as shown in Parliamentary Papers N-«. 19 and 33.' He had a fair excuse for ask ing the Council to allow him to go on wi:h the motion, because under the provisions of the Act unless a protest was entered within thirty days of the papers being laid on the table it would have no effect. The papers to which his motion referred were laid on the table on June 23. He directed attention to a resolution passed on Decem ber 10, 1891, by a very large maiority of the Council that it was undesirable that any further resumption of travelling-stock roads should be made. That resolution, like many others, had been entirely over ridden by the Government Up to the present resumptions had taken place, anl even now they found the Government re suming stock roads for the purposes of closer settlement. He did not disapprove of closer settlement, but recognised that the farmers had a. right to look to the Government for the maintenance of stock roods to enable them to move their stock from place to place. Those natural requirements of the stock producers h*l been overlooked by the Government and no set scheme had been'put forth to enable those roads to be kept open. There were certain stock roads which would not be required, but the Government had pro posed to introduce a Bill dedicating to the people a number of useful roads. The tracks he referred to might form part of the scheme suggested by the advisers of the Government Slembers would see how im portant it was that a Government which desired to assist the producers should give ample facility for the removal of stock freely and without expense. H the present policy was continued they would find that the farmers would be unable to shift their stock without using the railway, and w5tli the price of stock lately they would be absolutely prevented from moving store cattle in that manner. The Pastoral Com mission expressed the opinion that uo further resumption of desirable stock roads should be made. There could be no great hurry in the resumption. The Government had the details of the roads which were actually necessary, and they should pause before they dedicated for closer settlement roads which would be of incalculable bene fit to stockowners. The CHIEF SECRETARY obtained the adjournment of the debate nntil Thursday, July 21. MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT. The CHIEF SECRETAR-' moved— 'That the Council do now adjourn.' The Hon. A. R. ADDISON rose to speak. The PRESIDENT— There can be no de bate on the question of adjournment The motion waa declared carried. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON called for a division. (Hon. D. M. Charleston— 'What is the use; there is no work.'' Hon. W. Russell- ''It is a protest' Hon. A. R. Addifoit— ''Let us do a full day's work.' ) The PRESIDENT-1 would point put that if the motion is negatived a similar motion cannot be moved for a quarter of an hour. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON asked leave to withdraw his call. The Hon. E. WARD objected. The?rnotion was earned on the follow ing division: — Aves, 16.— Hons. M. P. F. Basedow, Dr. A. 'Campbell, D. M. Charleston, H. R. Fuller, R. S. Guthrie, J. H. Howe, J. Martin, G. McGregor, W. A. Robinson, A. W. Sandford. S:r E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirling, S. Tomkinson, J. Warren, C. Willcos, and J. V. O'Loghlin (teller). Noes, 4,-Hoiis. J. G. Bice, W. Russell, E. Ward, and A. R. Addison (teller). . Majority of 12 for the Ayes. PAPERS. Laid on the table by the CHIEF SECRE TARY: By command— Despatch and en closure having reference to Colonial Courts of Marine Enquiries. Remissions under the Mining Act, 1893. Annual return of plan of proposed vermin District of Mac y' ADJOURNMENT. At 4.14 p.m. the Council adjourned until Tkunufav .Iiilv 51 at '2 D.m. 