THE FORWARD (1) EDUCATION MOVEMENT. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, Whenever I attack this movement yon " trot" out your stock had of parts." Like Hamlet's ghost, you deem , him to walk the earth, and try to paralyse me with his lineaments and your limelight effects. As I am quite used to him now, and as he serves no useful purpose in the issue but as a tag on which to hang some stock and mock sent merit,' it might be as well to carry the ghoSt off the scene. Now, meta- phore (and the ghost also I hope) aside, let me say, what I think should not need saying, but which your misrepresenta- tions (almost), and certainly your strained inferences, make it necessary to say, that I yield to no one in my desire to see every intellectual and moral faculty of every child in the land developed to the utmost of its powers. I hold and have repeatedly expressed my faith, and the reason of the faith that is within me, that advancing civilisa- tion can solve the difficulties confronting it, only through powers, endurance, and restraints not possible except from a well-educated people. A wide, complete, and thorough education for the people is the supreme need of civilisa- tion, and the higher the civilisation the greater the need. So much for myself and my " rancour." As to the teachers they, like myself, object to the "are-" rangements," be it noted, but not to higher education itself. It really does not concern the teachers at all, as to one aspect of them for as there are but five or six school hours for the pupils, it matters not one straw to the teachers whether they are set at primary school work or at any or all the "eulogies" which included faddists can impose on them. Make no mistake about this matter at all the teachers will be "at it" " for all they know and eau. Their morale is splendid and personally unimpaired. Witness the reports But because they resent the faculty and practical impossibility of the conditions under which they are called on to make the move, It is as ungenerous as it is absurd (to use no harsher terms to charge them with attempting to "stop the additional privileges which the recent amendment of the Act would bestow on their pupils" as it would be to impute cowardice to the Light Brigade at Balaclava, because the men swore at the blunder which doomed them to unavailing death. The present arrangements are magnificent (if you like but not war-educationally. This disposes of almost all your leader. The teachers are willing and anxious to do all in their power for their pupils, but the issue is, whether what is ordered to be done is the right and best thing for them. It is the pupils' interest, and theirs alone, that is the pivot of the struggle and be it remembered also, and let me lay this tombstone on the ghost of the " land of parts" that no lad of parts" ever was worked with the fierceness and at the white heat to which the modern schoolboy is subjected. And so much the better was it for the lad. I say the female teachers know nothing of these subjects. You say thus is " baseless What do you mean ? Either they know them, or they don't. If they don't (and they don't they can't teach them, and to ask them to teach what they don't know Is a howling farce anyhow the put. You say I have been meted out some obscure figures for New South Wales. This is nonsense. The New South Wales percentage of classified teachers is (53 ; Queensland, 48. IIuw is either figure obscure ? It is black enough for Queensland, in all conscience. Now, as to the slump in the staff. Your leader reads as if it were, in this respect, officially or unofficially inspired. Anyway, there is not a point of explana- tion or defence of it which is tenable. In 1894 the classified teachers numbered 90 in 1897 they fell to 893. But you forget to add that the attendance rose from 45,050 to 59,4. A rise of 33 per cent in attendance to a fall of 15 per cent In stall' efficiency. In New South Wales they consider 63 per cent the figure necessary to efficiency, and in this they are in accord with the best opinion as to the limits of efficient working in the primary schools. Otir "slump," twist It as you may. is a standing refutation on the assertion that our education levels are as well maintained as anywhere. It is absurd to say that the teachers themselves are to blame for this. Nearly 200 pupil teachers have been admitted since 1896, and it must be some two or three years yet before the most forward can classify. As for the provisional school teachers, is it seriously contended that the ranks of classified teachers is to be appreciably increased from them ? From the nature of things this is impossible. Provisional school teachers will as a body remain in the " provisional " rank always. You say, again I suppose with official authority, that the department has as many classified men as are required for the work. If the staff goes down to 33 1/3 per cent, I am prepared to hear that it is the latest discovery in pedagogy that the lower the percentage of classified teachers, the better (or not worse for the service. If 48 per cent is sufficient for efficiency in 1897, then the previous Ministers, and the executive officers, ought to be im- peached for extravagance in the long years preceding. They are welcome to either horn of the dilemma. But I don't think the public will permit the system which has cost so much to build up, and which is their vital necessity, to be "bled white" like this, 'however airily officials or others may take it. Our primary educational levels or bases are being impaired both from above and below, and I deem it a duty to point out strongly this serious fact I am, sure &c.;, A. ST. LEDGER, 29th June. At the Central Police Court on Friday, before Mr. P. Pinnock, P.M., five persons charged with drunkenness were discharged with the customary caution, while three others similarly charged failed to appear, and consequently forfeited their ball. Agnes Roylance pleaded guilty to being drunk In Petrie's Bight, and was fined £2, or seven days' imprisonment. For a similar offence in Queen-street, Joseph Doyle was fined £2, or forty-eight hours. Mr. H. J. Whigham, at one time of Edinburgh, is the amateur golf champion of America; he has written a book on the game, which Messrs. Gay and Bird are to issue under the title " How to Play Golf." It will be illustrated by eighty cinematograph plates. CADBURY'S COCOA. " The typical cocoa of English manufac- ture Absolute more." "Tas Agents -Advt 