Crumbs, Fine. Cyekwama. Assembly only. Election speeches. "Spain temporizing." Archie's Bell's Letters. A battle in Puerto Rico. J. J. Virgo on "Paris." A lesson in dressmaking. Free books and free pu£s. Annual dishes made larger. An American naval display. China thanks Great Britain. "Please, sir, he giggles at me." Heavy Spanish losses at Manila. Council adjourned till Tuesday. Archie snorted at Herbert Spencer. Rebellion in the Sultan's dominions. Mr. Jenkins is the Ladies' Minister. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 30.25. Orient off to London this afternoon. Archie should study Bell's Elocution. Municipal amalgamation coming along. Next Orchestral Concert on Saturday. Concert at Glenelg To>wn Hall to-night. New South Wales mailcoach bailed up. Plain speaking by the Prince of Wales. Manila rebels would not assist the Yanks. Grocers' picnic to take place on October 13. Members go to Church about election time. Crops about Riverton looking magnificent. C. Proud will orate to-night on Part XIX. Germans don't like Uncle Sam's grabbing policy. Efforts are still being made to float the China. Archie and Clements making sure of their re-election. Rusians will launch five new warships next month. Downer says Archie's Tied Houses Bill is a monstrosity. Mad Mullah again exciting the Indian frontier tribes. Free organ recital to-night—organist, Mr. L. W. Yemm. Sale of gifts to-day and to-morrow at St. Giles's, Norwood. An important success to the American arms in Puerto Rico. "Ghosts and Ghostland in Shakspeare' at University to-night. Lawyers in Court yesterday discussed a lady's tailor-made suit. YiewE of Paris to be shown at the Y.M.C.A. this evening. Scrip in the name of a certain London operator not negotiable. Archie enjoys a joke at his expense, and often receives enjoyment. Commissioner Russell knows a well made jacket when he sees one. Good understanding between the Chinese Dragon and British Lion. Dressmaker and customer in Court over tailor-made lady's costume. Tbe member for the Port ought to be an authority' on Tide Houses. Archbishop O'Reily more at borne in the pulpit than in the witness-box. Mr. Butler improving as speaker— short, concise, clear, impressive. Rome decayed because fat men flourished, said Archie, who knows all about it. "Mother scrubbing in the kitchen, and daughter pounding piano in the parlour." Sun rose at 6.32 a.m.; sets at 5.9 p.m Moon rose at 1.52 a.m.; set at 11.37 a.m. "It is a monstrosity, and why discuss it?" —Downer to Glynn re Tied Houses Bill. Russian Government hurrying on its naval building programme with all speed. The Premier never does a good thing without holding up himself as an example. liegislators are an authority on mining, having assisted the enterprise at Angipena. The Rev. Clement Giles preached the Wednesday afternoon sermon to legislators. Annual and final meeting this afternoon e of Pirie-street Nursing Sister Association. Average yield of gold so far from the Arltunga. gold reefs is at the rate of li dwt. per ton. Five persons' turned up to hear the Government Dairy Expert lecture at Port Pirie. . German Press warmly criticising change which is manifest in United States foreign policy, Conservatorium Grand Orchestra will play several masterpieces at their forthcoming concert. Order for the opening of a grave granted, in order to clear up the Druce-Portland mvstery. It is calculated that about £850,000 will e paid in dividends by the Westralian gold mines this year. Unruly coodnct and selfishness anse from bad training. Politicians must have been trociously educated. . Why people do not go to Church is a question which has not escaped the eagle eye of the legislator. French Ambassador at Washington has formally presented to McEinley the reply of the Spanish Government. German journalists protesting Americans "grabbing" Hawaii, and express the hope that Germany will not allow Samoa to be annexed by United States. United States newspapers complain that delay which has taken place in formulating and presenting Spain's reply indicates that a temporizing attitude is being adopted. An impression gaining ground that Sydney Government will request Sir Daniel Cooper to continue to act as" Agent-General until political matters right themselves Not improbable that Premier Reid will invite Turner and Byrnes to discuss federation at the Conference of Premiers in Sydney to consider the New Guinea Syndicate concession. . ^ , Washington decided that immediately peace is concluded Sampson shall proceed to Europe with a powerful squadron so that the Powers may be provided, with an ocular demonstration of the qualities of the American fleet. Lord Charles Beresford going to China to gather information concerning prospects of trade and commerce, and especially on the extent to which Chinese Government is able to guarantee the safe employment of British, capital in the interior. Mother in the kitehin, ^ Scrubbin', 9cmbbin', scrubbin , Daughter in the parlour, Drubbin*, drubbin', drubbin', Drubbin' grand piano, Like a maniac; Mother on her bended knees, Aching pains in back. The Bishop of Bath and Wells, Dr. Ken nion, offers a hint to ingenious tailors. He finds that in cycling about his diocese his robes suffer a great deal through, being crushed in a small space, "and if any clen cal tailor," he savs, "who cycles could suggest a good way of carrying a Bishop robes, he will be conferring a boon upon the -rapidly-increasing number of bicycling bishops." The right rev. prelate declares that bicycles are an auxiliary of Christian ^At^the meeting of the League of Wheel men a member brought forward a motiojL Another member wished to oppoaeit, and was about to do so, when the Chaum reminded him that he was not m omer, ss the motion had not beeen seconded. "Oh, well, I'D second it," cried the speaker, but he then remembered that he was not in favour of it, and said, "But I wish to oppose it, though." He decided, however, to second the motion and then oppose afterwards, an action which gave rise to considerable merriment. , TTie New York "Sun s representative at Chatanooga telegraphed the following good anecdote on July 2:—"A story is toldofa recruit in the First West Virginia.. While d b d r M H u s tnev were striking tents and packing up tte other day, a sergeantapproach»l andsajd, 'Strike that tent.' 'What with?' asked the new recruit. 'Oh, with a club or any old thing,' answered the sergeant. The recruit forthwith began to pound the tent, when a roan within jumped out with a blacfe eye, where he had been struck through the canvas The sergeant had to take the crowd to canteen to smooth mattert over. 