The Advertiser MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898. SCIENCE ON THE UNSEEN. It was not to be expected that Sir William Crookes, in his inaugural address at the recent gathering of the British Association at Bristol, would miss the opportunity of saying something about "those phenomena inexplicable by any known laws" (his own phrase), of which he is known to have for nearly thirty years made a close study. While the possibility of the failure of the world's wheat supply constituted his main theme, Sir William Crookes had a message hardly less interesting to deliver in the domain of psychical research. His belief, he said, had rather increased than diminished in the mysterious force which, with the assistance of D. D. Home, the medium, he investi- gated in 1870, and to which he then gave the name of Psychic Force. He is more than ever persuaded that there does exist "a Force exercised by Intelligence differing from the ordinary intelligence common to mortals." He sees, indeed, a little further than he did when he pro- voked the derision of the scientific world by his description of the occult influence exerted by Mr. Home. "I have glimpses of something like coherence among the strange elusive phenomena." The evidence that mind can act on mind or on matter in ways other than are ordi- narily recognised has now become too overwhelming for science to disre- gard. And indeed science has already begun to welcome within its fold some curious phenomena whose existence it formerly scouted, and it is not impossible that even stranger phenomena may ulti- mately prove to have a measure of fact. One reason for believing that a great extension of human faculty may be imminent is that "science has trained and fashioned the average mind into habits of exactitude and disciplined per- ception." In so doing it has "fortified itself for tasks higher, wider, and in- comparably more wonderful than even the wisest of our ancestors imagined." In regard to the standing puzzle in psychology which the Germans have gone further perhaps than other people in investigating, viz., the connection between mental processes and molecular changes in the brain, there is no reason to despair of a solution, and the labors of the French school in another sphere of enquiry—that relating to hypnotism and cognate sub- jects—have not been fruitless. It may be that the occult phenomena in regard to cure by suggestion and what is called telepathy are erratic and irregular, but their existence is sufficiently established to make them worth investigating. But more than this, Sir William Crookes believes that it is open to science to transcend all we now think we know of matter, "and to gain new glimpses of a profounder scheme of cosmic law. In other words, it is not impossible that science may enter on the domain of the theologian, and like the theologian may have an answer for the baffling mysteries of the universe. "My veil no man hath lifted" was the inscription over the portal of the temple of Isis, but un- deterred by the frown of those who deem all attempts to pierce the heart of nature impious, science has lifted veil after veil, and has found her face grow "more beautiful, august and wonderful with every barrier drawn." Science has weighed the planets, has measured the earth's years, has learned much about the phenomena of electricity, light and heat, and something about the relations between their mys- terious activities, and is now apparently on the eve of a great revelation in regard to the properties of matter. Matter, as physicists have been long agreed, is com- posed of molecules, which in turn are composed of atoms, and an atom is the irreducible minimum, than which we can think of nothing smaller. No one can say how minute it is, but Lord Kelvin tells us that if a single drop of water were magnified to the size of the earth the constituent atoms would be only as small as peas, and some other man of science has calculated that it would take at least 888,490,000,000,000 atoms of lead to make a cubic inch. Physicists are also agreed that the properties of matter, whether solid, liquid, or gaseous, are due to atomic motion, that matter, in other words, "involves essentially a mode of motion." Researches by Professor Dewar and others in low temperatures have in- dicated the likelihood before long of an absolute zero being reached, at which all atomic motion will have ceased. How will matter behave under that paralysing temperature? It will, says Sir William Crookes, entirely change its properties, but as to the nature of the change science can form no con- ception. Tyndall found in matter the "potency and promise of all terrestrial life.' Sir William Crookes reverses the apothegm, and finds in life " the potency and promise of all forms of matter." Science may yet not only confirm the contention of the religious teacher as to the existence of a force behind the veil of matter, but may disclose to wondering mankind a glimpse of its nature. The safeguard of truth lies in the readiness of science to confess its errors, and while admitting that the phenomena of telepathy, clairvoyance, hypnotic healing, &c.; are not yet ready for admission to the rank of received facts, Sir William Crookes justly con- tends that truth is not served by ridi- culing the possibility of occult manifesta- tions because they cannot be reproduced at will under definite known conditions. When more is known of the force or forces operating on matter there may not be the same disposition to laugh at the notion of persons in different countries communicating without physical agency, or of the cure of bodily ailments by mind acting on mind, while even the good old belief in ghosts may be explained by the theory, half accepted by Mr. Andrew Lang who of late years has gone deeply into the subject, that they are phantasies telepathically im- pressed by one mind upon another. Then also may be explained the wonders which astonished Sir William Crookes thirty years ago—and for the occurrence of which he still vouches—when, for example, an accordion placed in a sort of cage under a table emitted tunes while touched by Home with the tips of the fingers of one hand. Every day the groping hand of science is laying bare the secrets of life, and not only does our environment extend, but our facul- ties along with it. We may never develop an entirely new sense, but we may quicken into activity unsuspected senses that have lain dormant in us till now. If science should unfold to us the conditions under which psychic force may be exerted, and may still further show us the conditions under which its cultivation is possible, what is to prevent us from some day penetrating the plane of spiritual existence that at present lies beyond the ken of science, and tracing the law within the law that links the Supreme Power in one continuous chain of causation to the humblest of His creatures? 