MELBOURNE. (FROM OTTIt OTO CORRESPONDENT.) Monday. The uovernment nave not yet done with the evergreen Mildura question, Like a ghost of past sin, it rises up against them in a most unwarrantable way, as they have not been 'guilty of 'anything bnt generosity to the tem perance (?) city. However, the Premier will next Wednesday be again called upon to face a deputation frotn Mildura to listen to n request for the balance of loan under the bill specially passed by Parliament to meet their oternal troubles. He will also be asked to authorise the grant of certain titles to land at Son mark. Amongst the visitors to Melboune jnst now are Mr O'Loghlen, Chief Secretary of South Australia, and Mr J. Bornon, a member of the Fiji Legislature. To-day thoy were entertained at dinner at Parliament House by Mr Taverner, Minister of Public "Woits, on behalf of the Government. Mr Bornon is anxious to initiate an exchange of plants of various kinds between Victoria and Fiji, and Mr Tiivernor is providing every facility to that end. Some queer reports with regard to extraordinary outrages of various kinds are furr.ished the police from time to time. They are generally associated with masked "men, revolvers, arid all : the adjuncts to be found in the " Deadwood Dick " line of fiction, and, of course, they ate generally the outcome of some girl's hysterical emotion, or a youth's too vivid imagination. However, the latest oase reported has a bona fide air about it, and also nil element of novelty. It relates to a Miss Mary Clarke, daughter of a Malvern resident. She was, she states, walking along Toorak-ro.id to hec home about nine o'clock on Friday night,when suddenly a man sprang out from a dark spot, threw a rope round her neck, and dragged her to the ground. She screamed loudly for assistance and struck at her assailant, who, alarmed at the outcry and the appearnuce of a neighboring resident mimed Gardiner, promptly vanished. Mr Gardiner lifted the girl from the ground, took the rope from her neck, and took her into his house where his wife aftended to her, and siie soon re covered sufficiently to be taken home. She describes her assailant as a man of middle height and slight build, dressed in dark clothes and a soft felt hat. A tram conductor states he saw a man of somewhat similar height and build as described, abput 30 years of as;e, and of sandy complexion, following Miss Clarke, but the police so far have not baon able to "placo" the dastardly offender. It sesms that the Government are willing to pay the "reasonable expenses" of the five defendants who aro under committal for trial in connection with the Orange procession prosecution. The Attoruey-General and the Premier have consented to this payment on the strength of the representations mado to them that the defendants only uiarched in procession after tho Crown Law authorities had decided that such procession was legal. The Government, however, will only pay the costs from the time the presentment was filed. A. great portion of the tirno of tlie City nnd District Coroners appears to be occupied in holding inquests on the bodies of "boarded out" children. Their work in this respect seems to be steadily on the increase. To-day Mr Morrison, the district cororier, bad to inquire iuto tbe circumstances attending the death of a boarded-out male infant named Lorenzo Sutherland, -who died at the i.«si^Doe of a registered Colling wood nurse. The latter agreed to adopt tho child for life on the receipt of £20-she, though married, having no children of her own. The coroner ques tioned lier very closely as to tho money she had spent on the child, She admitted that she had net spent £5 out of the £20 on tho child, but declined to retnrn the balance of tho money. Tho coroner, in summing up, condemned suoli lump sum payments, and thought tho case wits not free from suspicion. However, as the medical evidence showed that death was really du6 to brouehial pneumonia, tlie jury simply returned a verdict to that offset. There was an artist with the knife at work on Saturday night at North Mel* bourne. He is known only as the " foreigner," and he got drinking with several uien and women in a shady quarter of that suburb on Saturday night. A quarrel ensued over the next " shout," and ultimately the " foreigner " drow his knife and slashed one of tho company named Logbland over tho heau. The result was a ghastly kind of wound which stretched more than half round LoghJaud's head and deluged him with blood. He was in a very bud way when the polico arrived, but treatment at the hospital, including 14 stitches, put him on the road to recovery. Meanwhile the police would like' to meet " the foreigner.". The Crown was sued in the Supreme Court to-day by Kainuel James Jack man, Customs and excise expert, for £300, as special remuneration for his services in detecting frauds against The Beer Duty Act 1892. Mr Jack in an, who was his own lawyer, alleged that after having been very successful m detecting frauds by brewers in Ndw Zealand, ho was employed by the Secretary of Customs to do similar work here,) the arrangement beiug that he was to be treated liberally in the event of fraud beiug detected. In company with an officer of Customs, he visited several breweries and made discoveries which were reported to head quarters. Ho was informed that his methods were ingenious, but that there was not sufficient evidence on whiob to proceed against the brewers. He found at one brewery a shortage of 1761 gallons, but Dr Wollaston subsequently told him that this had been satisfactorily explained. Mr "Wolfe Fink appeared for the defenco. The hearing, which was j before the Chief Justice, had uot con cluded when the court rose. One of the most interesting features of tho Jubilee procession was a well- loaded and properly equipped bullock team, and the sight was viewed with curiosity by many metropolitans who had never seen one before. This morning, n waggon drawn by eight fine bullocks passed along Elizabeth-street, nnd tho novel sight attracted an admiring crowd. It tran spired that the turn out was on- its way from beyond St. Arnaud to Gippsland. The 2Stli inst. was fixed by the Chief Justice, to-day, as the dnte of the trial of the libel , action "brought by Mr E. T. Yale against tho proprietors of the "Australasian." ' The remains of Henry E. Harwood, tho veteran, and versatile actor, were interred . in the Melbourne General Cemetery to-day, and the ! funeral ttbb attended by many members of the theatrical profession, including Messrs E. Stewart, . HenningB and Titberadge, whilst many others forwarded wreaths. Hr\Harwood was a widower when he married Mrs Collins (nee Docy Stewart), and his remains were interred in the Church of England portion of tho ceme tery, where his first wife lies. The Savings Bank Commissioners to day opened teuders for £14,475 worth of credit fancier 3 per cent, bonds. The public subscriptions totalled £5175, and the balance was taken up by tba com missioners. By tho provisions of tho Influx of Criminals Prevention Act a mau who has served a sentence in New South Wales comes to Victoria at his peril. George Day did so. The detectives spotted him, and this morning at tho city court he was sent to gaol for a year. 