feiEHK8® LITERARY COSSiP. Ihe Umstinas number of the "Windsor Magazine" is a wonderful example of liber- ahty. It is rich in stories and illustrations suitable to the season, and besides a plenti- lu.l supply of lictiou, contains articles which \i i ? f interest to the general reader. iua. xciuDerton s new novel, i&ronstadt;, is commenced, and promises to be of a thril ling description. The scene is laid in the celebrated Kussian fortress which protects Fetersburg, and which is presented as a citadel impregnable to attack. A Kussian ofticer declares, "We call her the tomb of spies: for no spy lias betraved her, or ever will betray her." Vet the feature of Mr. Jrcmbcrtou r story is the attempt of a woman to surprise the hidden secrets of defence. Alariun Hoyt. n vnnnm i<'nrTi;»i> girl of great beauty and enterprise, is gover ness in the faruily of the governor; and, for the sake of money which she hopes to receive from the British Government, she is striving to secure plans of the citadel. Complications are introduced by the fact of her lover being a Kussian oflicer, whose own honor is likely to be involved by the treachery of the girl. Discovery has just r i 1 her, when tbe excited curiosity of tlie reader is held in suspense until the next issue. The Left Hand of Samuei Dodson is a Christmas story by Ian Mac- laren ; but the band of the writer who gave us the charming pictures of Scottish village life has evidently lost its cunning, deny Bundlcr, by W. W. Jacobs, is a story which illustrates the folly ot playing practical jokes. Guy Boothby contributes one of his wildly improbable T en; Ttr KTe 3re , stories by I. Zangwill, L; T. L. Austin, Alfred Blade, which is illustrated by J. Macfarlane, until recently 'The Leader" artist, Ethel Turner and William Westall. Among the article; there is one on the Colouial Premiers, by J? red A. MTxenzie, who gives very lugu brious and exaggerated accounts of the con- ditioii of Victoria. With this number of A 'X1,, or ,,.,ls ven away a novel by Grant Allen, Ihe b'willywag," not by any means one of his best productions. " Gas Bell's Magazine" for December also opens with a story by Max Pemberton, wherein is described a fictitious incident of Corsican adventure. Hcadon Hill, an author who is always up to date, commences a story en- titled Spectre Gold, a romance of Klondike. 1 here is evidence of courage iu the manner in Wllich hp. (liNiwnts-lQ nil fli» w>.-f .. probability. A miner who has been pros- pectmg on tlie Yukon before the knowledge of its wealth became a matter of general notoriety has secreted a little matter of £b,000,(HX) of gold, and returns to England to reveal this fact to a well wisher before he. gives up the ghost. Then between the vil lain and hero, of the story there is to be a race to the Yukon in order to obtain poa- sessioji of the treasure. Fires at Sea are dis- cnbed by Alfred T. Story, who has many dramatic incidents to relate. Mrs. Har- cotirfc Williamson writes on Young Married Women in Society. Air. Fletcher Kobm«on describes St. Petersburg. Leily 13ingen \mtes on Women's Clubs in London. Mr. Strang tells How Swords are Made and the Art of Disguise is the subject of an instruc- tive article bv Mr. AV. B. Kobertson. Among the publications issued bj- the Iieligious Tract Society, " The Bp'sure Hour " is a magazine vyhich always commands appreciation i'rom the excellent literary standard maintained. In the December number there is an arti cle on the Romance ot Early Exploration in Australia, by C. H. Irwin, which is a brief digest of. particulars given iu Calvert's recent volume. Mr. Frederick Whymper describes Alaska,' Mr. John Dennis writes on Critics and Criticism and Mis. Timothy Richard strives to 'explain the Mysteries of I Chinese Music. The "Sunday at Home" is another excellent publication, while for younger readers there are the "Boys' aiid Girls Own Papers," the "Sunday Monthly," the "Child's Companion," "Our Little Dots," "Light in the Home," "EriendlyGreetings" and the "Cottager aud Artisan." From the same source we have received two short stories, "The Charming Cora," by Ida Lemon, and "A Cluster of Roses," by Sarah Doudnev. Tlie December number of the "'Quiver' contains several nice stories and matter wherein the religi- 1 ous tendency is always manifest. A series of articles on The Churches In the Colonies is being commenced, the first dealing with those at the Cape. "Chums" is a pictorial publication spe cially prepared for the entertainment of boys. There is abundance of excitement suiJjunju in i to iiugca. "The Ne'er Do Weel," published by Hutchinson and Co., is from the pen of Annie S. Swnn, who writes with a facility and fecundity which is certainly sur prising. She has a pretty style and her tales : are always interesting up to a certain degree, but as in .this in stance they display a great thinness of invention. Why the somewhat slurring title should be given to the hero of the story is not very apparent. Donald Orde, the young Scotch lad who leaves home to seek his for tune at the Cape aud finds it by ingratiating himself with a wealthy settler and marry ing liis daughter, is nothing of a ne'er do weel. The whole plot of the story may be very briefly described. Donald is iu love with his cousin Fiona, hut when Julie Van Ruysler determines to many liim she inter cepts nil correspondence between theu and makes them hefieve that each 1ms forgotten the other. Donald does not discover tlie treachery until after they are married and her father's death has placed tlicui in pos session' of the property. When he does liud out his wife, is so overcome with fear and i remorse that she disappears and is supposed ! to be drowned. Then Donald returns to ! Scotland and marries Fiona, only to receive another blow by the reappearance of Julie. Fortunately she dies off quickly and on this occasion llequieseat in Pace can be written on her tombstone. . "A Sinless) Sinner," by Mary H. Tenny son, is a novel added to Macquecn's Colo nial Library. The subject of the story is rather griin and gruesome. A little girl, Kitty Mncklin, between !) and 10 years of age, is represented as poisoning a younger sister under a most heroic impulse of self sacrifice. An elder brother, to whom she is fomlly devoted, is liable to lose his chance of prosecuting his studies at the university because the money is to bo spent on the sickly and peevish little cripple, who is the mother's darling. Kitty hears several people say that it would be a pood thing for everybody, the child included, if the younger sister were to die, so to aid her brother she picks up some poison laid for rats, and quickly disposes of the intrusive encumbrance. The murder is disco vered, and Kitty is sentenced to five years in a reformatory. Here- she undergoes ter- rible persecution, very largely on account ot ,. excellence ot her moral qualities. When finally tlie time ex- P"'03 'er brother, who has com© into a fortune and changed his name sends her away to be educated, and when she reappears in the story, she is described as a charming and most attractive woman. But the sum of her sin less sins is not yet completed. Her brother hnds a voung relative of his wife's in his way. He is jealous of the boy for one thing, and for another the child stands be- tweeu him and a fortune. So under the pressure of difficulties he determines to get rid ,of him by poisoning, and does so in a manner which first of all casts suspicion upon a friend of his wife's, and when liis innocence is made clear upon his own sister. Nothing then remains to he done but for Kitty to complete lier self-sacrifice. She accepts the imputation, but ends her life and his by swallowing, a poison, which she also imparts to him in a farewell kiss. It will be seen there is no lack of sensation in this story. The "Fall of tho Rnnrrmv " bv Afnrin Pin- thildc Balfour, included in Methuen's Colo nial Library, is a somewhat incomprehen sible story of girls' fancies. There are two sisters, Gertrude and Phiiippa, the one with beauty, the other with brains. Tliey both fall in love with the same man, and he naturally inclines to looks first, only to dis cover his mistake when it is too late to remedy it. When Gertrude engages her- selt to him for no very sufiicient. reason, Phiiippa impulsively marries another man. Then Gertrude falls in love with an idyllic panson, who is. most spiritually eloquent, and created to be worshipped by admiring damsels. # Induced by this appearance of devotion, the reverend gentleman asks Gertrude to marry liim, but she is virtuously indignant and refuses to break: her engagement. Then the parson goes away in a tearing passion, drinks too much port wine,, catches a cold, loses his voice and liis situation, and is transferred to a country village where he quickly deterior ates to the average level of the inhabitants. After some time Gertrude comes across him again, and thinks it incumbent upon her to assume the task of his moral regeneration even if she has to marry him and accom pany liim to Africa or' China. He has no particular desire for tlie martyr's robe, and his mother, conifoft-able woman, well satis fied with .the village life, is horrified at the prospect... But- Gertrude. is in earnest, and this time her engagement is to be no barrier. Then Nathaniel and Phiiippa tell the secret of their hopeless love and tbe novel closes with a series of complications which tho writer thinks it wiser not to unravel- A quotation froin Coulson Kernahun's God iinri flllA Allf. m vail 4:#. UiA .a. rla>- how the riddle is to be answered. A new edition of "The Poems of Thomas Hood" brings out very prominently the ob stinate persistence of the world in refusing to regard Hood as a writer of serious poetry, though in the end it was this phase of his geniuswhich secured his downing triumphs. The Song of tbe Shirt only found its way into "Punch" by accident. In enclosing the So em to Mark Lemon, Hood stated that it ad been refused by three papers, and that he was "sick of the sight of it," and when Mr. Lemon laid the stanzas before his staff at their weekly dinner the majority were adverse on tlm ground of its inappropriate ness to a comic periodical. Yet at no pe riod of his long and honored career has Air. Punch been entirely given un to jest ing and frivolity. Fortunatelv, .tnis objec tion was overruled, and the success of this famous appeal for sympathy on behalf of the poor, overworked and starved semp stresses was immediate and decisive. -No more pathetic story has been told in bio graphy than that of Ilood struggling to amuse" the public while fully conscious oJt the approach of the inevitable end. 