OUR NEW STORY, A YMA1 TEMPTED 918. By WILLIAM "WES TALL, The first iuslnlmont of our new serial tale, "A Woman Templed Him," ' will bo found on page 9. Next week it will be continued on this page. THK HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, " Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." CHAPTER XI.— A DOUBLE DIS COVERY. Cody enjoyed his night's rest, and had a, good breakfast. The roan had also ' fared well, and both horse and rider were eager for the trail as they turned out of the canyon and headed towards IliA Hppi't't bridffe. Arriving' there, Cody found all as he . bad last seen it. There, hidden among the rocks, where they could not be seen from the other side, were the rolls of flooring and the coiled chains, eac-h with a lariat at the end. At the other end was attached a horseshoe, which could be whirled across the chasm to some one on the oilier side, and thus the chains could be drawn over and made fast. How they were made fast upon the other side he was anxious to find out. .When the chains were attached he saw th3i it was easy to roll the flooring of saplings down and tie them on in sec tions. Having seen all that was' necessary about the bridge, the scout was anxious to discover how anyone could cross the chasm without its aid. for to stretch it there must be men on the other side. So he put his horse in as secure a place as he could find for him, and on foot began to search for some way of crossing the torrent with its cliff-like banks. He went up the stream for half a mile and could go no further, on account of the nature of the banks. Nothing was discovered by which he could cross, so he returned and went down the stream along the rugged bank. After going a few hundred yards he came to where he could at least descend to the water, and could hardly resist giving a cry of triumph as he beheld on the other cliff a stunted pine growing directly upon the edge of the rocks. Fastened to the stout trunk of the tree he beheld a rope-ladder certainly not visible from the other shore. It clung close in under the rocks, was some fifty feet long, and was made fast to the ' rocks below. Further down on his side he came upon a chain stretched across the tor rent, just where there were 110 rocks to break the waters. At his feet, almost hidden in the rocks, was a kind of harness, evidently for a man 10 slip on. and a hook on it could be slipped over the chain, and thus a . person could propel himself to the other side without dread of being torn loose from his hold. The scout also found a complete . waterproof suit of indiarubber, which jvould cover him, body, feet and hands, to the neck, and prevent his getting wet. "Clever fellows those," he muttered, grimly; and unrolling his suit he drew it on over his clothes, then buckled the harness about him, fastened the hook on the chain, and began to work his way Over to the other shore. The torrent tugged at him so hard that he recognised how useful was the harness and the hook. But he got safe ly over, took off his rig, found he was perfectly dry, and then began to ascend the rope-ladder. He easily passed round the trunk of the tree to 'a firm foundation, and as he jglanced upwards saw a stout round piece of timber there which he knew could only be used as a windlass. The i... idles were also there, and the stout m aples into which the end of the bridge v -tains could be made fast. 'Y-At was with some difficulty that Co'dy c'ould find his way up to the spot oppo site the place where he had been, iJBut at last he did so, and with the knowledge how acquired, he was not long in finding that the windlass he had seen was brought up' and made fast be tween two large boulders. But tbe rocky cliff gave no indication that there had ever been such a secret contrivance rigged there, and there was not the Slightest trace of a trail. "Well, the secret is mine, and I know now just as well how to rig the bridge as the outlaws do. But can I do it alone? I might in time; but then I'd dread being discovered all the time. Yet to get my horse over I must stretch it, for he can cross no other way. "No, I fear I must sacrifice the poor fellow, and return on foot. The cut- laws would suspect something if I turn ed him loose to journey to the valley alone. "I am sorry, but I must return to the other side, blindfold the poor fellow, and back 'him over the cliff to his doom, and thus destroy all signs, and on foot I can go back to the fort. But one thing is certain; I know how to lead my men to the outlaw retreat." So saying, Cody retraced his way to the pine tree, descended the rope-ladder, and donning the waterproof suit and harness, started across through the tor rent. He had just reached the middle of the stream, when a voice called out; "Ho, pard," you is back sooner than we expected. We was going' ter stretch ther bridge." With a sinking heart, Cody saw two men upon the bank he was making for. They were outlaws, of course, but with out hesitation, his quick mind invented a means of escape, and he replied: "Oh, you is there, is yer, pards? . I was just goin' over, but I'll go back and say you is comin''." For a moment it seemed as if his clever trick would pass, hut then one of the men yelled out; "That ain't one of us; I knows him, and it's Cody. We has you covered, Cody, so jist land on -this side, or we'll make a target of yer." CHAPTER XII. — THE SURGEON. SCOUT ON CODY'S TRAIL. Surgeon Frank Powell was not a mail to neglect duty, but the very moment thta he felt that he could leave the wounded wholly in care of the assistant- surgeon, he decided to go after Cody. The scout had claims of the warmest rfiendship upon him, and he felt most anxious about his having gone off alone on the trial, as he believed, of the Indian band with whom there had been a fight. The officer in command had told the Surgeon Scout that Cody was sure that the leader of the red-skins was a white man , in the paint and feathers of a savage chief. He knew that Cody was going into an unknown country, and was well aware that not only the red-skins, but the read- agents, were supposed to have retreats in the mountains, which Cody would, beyond doubt, penetrate. Then, too, the Surgeon Scout was well aware of lal tbe stories told of the Haunted Fort and Cody's anxiety to solve the secret of that weird spot. So Surgeon Powell went up to head- uqarters, had -a long talk with Colonel Feri'is, and learning where the scout had left the command, mounted his best horse, and with a pack-animal in lead, road away from the post after an early dinner, and the fifth day since Cody's departure. The colonel had suggested that the surgeon should be accompanied by some of Cody's scouts, but he had answered that there was time enough for a force when some discovery had been made, and he did not wish any outlaws who might have their eye on the movements of the party at the fort to suspect that they were planning a move against them. So the surgeon went alone, reached the scene of- the fight with the Indians, and wa soft on, Cody's_ trail before sunset— that following the trail of the iron-shod horse supposed to have been ridden by a white renegade dressed as a red-skin. hen night came on the Surgeon Scout went into a lone camp, but was early on the trail again the next morning. It was late in the afternoon that he crossed over the summit of a range ; then he saw far off in a elunm of timber across the prairie smoke curling upwards. He reconnoitred witn his glass, and could see no horses staked out near. "It mya be Cody, and It .may not. It is someone, and who I must find out. Ther eis a ravine to cross not far from the timber, and it will be nearly sunset when I reach it, as I must leave my pack-horse here, ride down the range I tail to the prairie, let whoever it may be see me, and note the result." This he did, with his glass to his eye, and he was not long in seeing that he was dicovered, for two men appeared in the edge of the timber, little dreaming that a field-glass was levelled upon their movements. The Surgeon-Scout saw them distinct ly, for the timber was devoid of under growth, and the .appearance of the men was not assuring. Seemingly convinced that he had a danger to face, that he was riding upon upon foes, he decided to so manage as to have no doubt upon the matter, and to be prepared to meet treachex-y with quick action. The moment he rode down into the ra vine out of sight of the watchers in the timber he dismounted and peered over the edge of the bank. He saw the two men running towards him at full speed out upon the prairie, and each earned a rifle in his hand. "Aha! The timber is not thick enough to hide them, so they are running for that thick grass to hide in," he mut tered. He stood an instant In silent medita tion, after seeing the men drop down in the long, thick grass through which the trail led just then, and exactly where a rise helped to conceal them. Then he said softly, "I'll risk it." "With rapid, clever hands he set to work, and from his saddle-bags quickly took a slouch hat, wig, and a few other articles, which, with Ills blankets, his fatigue- coat, and lariat, aided with grass he cut in the ravine, he made a very fair dummy man, This was bound upon his shorse se curely, yet in such a way that no end of a rope held by the Surgeon Scout could drag it from the saddle to 'the ground. . It. was just growing twilight when his horse came out of the ravine, the dummy form upon his back, and Sur geon Powell following close behind, "stepping in the animal's tracks, and thus the men he was advancing upon. The glow of the setting sun brightened the skies, but the prairie was cast in shadow, and as the Surgeon Scout neared the plot of thick grass that grew upon the rise, he stepped close to the flank of his horse, grasping the dummy's rope in one hand, his revolver in the other, and crouching so as not to be seen. He felt sure that If the men were out laws—and what else could they be?— they would lire upon the dummy from their ambush, and then it would be for him to act, and he muttered : i "I wish to take one of tliem relive." On moved the surgeon's ohrse, con scious that much depended upon htm, and as he neared the rise a shot rang out from beyond, and two men sprang to their feet, a second rifle being dis charged as they did so, while the Sur geon Scout heard the dull thuds as the bullets tore through the dummy form. Then the dai-ing doctor was ready for action. CHAPTER XII.— THE SURGEON SCOUT'S RUSE. The two men who fired upon what they believed a horseman wearing the military hat and uniform of an army officer sent their bullets true, for they cut through tahe dummy form upon the horse advancing towards them through the thick prairie grass. As they both sprang to their feet up on firing, the form swayed in its saddle, then fell to the ground, and the well- ti-ained horse came to a sudden halt. With no suspicion of any plot against them, the two men at once hurried for ward to see the result of their trea cherous deed in firing upon one of their own race from ambush. But just then, in the gathering gloom, they saw the tall form of the Surgeon Scout step out from behind his horse, and heard the stern command: "Hands up! You are covered!" . But the men at onqe forced Doctor Powell to action by trying to draw their revolvers with qui <fc but trembling hands. Then the Surgeon Scout showed his quickness in the use a. weapon and Ix is deadly aim, for two shots flashed out, one following the other. One shot was from the Surgeon Seoul's revolver, and it struck one of the men fairly between the eyes, killing him in stantly. Th other shot cam from the second man, but the bullet missed its aim. and the Surgeon Scout said; "Will you surrender-, or die? You have your choice." The man did not hesitate, but raised his hands above his head, shouting ex citedly: "I pass, pard." The surgeon walked quickly forward, covering the man as he did so. and with his revolver levelled against him dis armed him of his weapons. Then he said : "Well, who are you. and why did you fire on me?" "Mistook yer for a Injun, cap'n." ' The suigeon laughed, and replied: "Come, no lying, unless you wish to follow your comrade on the long trail." "I didn't want ter do it, but Jim Sykes said as how I must, so we fled at you, and durned ef I know why yer hain't dead, for we is shots as don't miss, and I sart-ingly see yer tumble." "You lay it upon your dead pard, be cause he cannot answer; but you are just as guilty as he. Now, who are you?"- "Fu'st tell me, cap'n, why you hain't dead." "Because you did not kill me." "Hain't yer wounded?" .i "No." "Loi-dy! I don't undei-stand it." "Well, I saw you from yonder range, suspected you of being just what you proved to be, and put a dummy 011 my horse for you to practise on, and it lies yonder in the grass." "Oh, Lord! I'll be killed for a fool yit!" "You'll be hanged for what you are— a villain." "I hain't a had man." "Good men don't fire from ambush up on army officers." "Jim made me." "Who are you, I asked?" "I'm a poor feller as had hard luck in ther mines, and was trying to reach the ' settlements." "And your pard?" t "Was the same as me." "Where are your horses?" "I'll tell yer, cap'n— we hain't g-ot none, for we escaped from a band o outlaws, thet roped us in and robbed us, so all we has got is with us." "Are you telling mc the truth?" "I't solid gospii." "Well, I'll just make sure of you until I come back, for I left my pack-horse over the range a couple of miles from here." The Surgeon Scout securely bound his prisoner's hands and feet, and left him by the side of his dead comrade, while he l-ode at a gallop back on the trail. He was gone about an hour, aand upon his return frightened a pack of prairie wolves away from about the bound man and hi sdead pard. "Lordy, cap'n, if yer hadn't come when yer did, they would hev eat me up. I won't git over Uiis scare for a month." "If you live that long," was the signi ficant reply. The Surgeon Scout then lifted ihe dead body to the back of his horse, threw the dummy upon the pack animal, and un tied the feet of his prisoner so that he could walk. "Just think we bored holes in thet tiling!" muttered the prisoner with a disgusted glance at the dummy. "Now teil me if there is any water in that timber," said the Surgeon Scout. "Cap'n, lhar is a spring there, and good feedin' beyond." "All right; we'll camp there to-night, bury your pard, and to-morrow you will guide me to the camp of the outlaw band tbat you say you escaped from," said the Surgeon Scout, quietly, as they started off for the timber, CHAPTER XIV. THE SURGEON SCOUT'S PRISONER. Surgeon Powell found the little clump of timber a very fair camping-place.for there was good water, plenty of grass for horses, and wood. But the place was exposed, and he felt that he must keep a good watch through the night, as he was not sure that some of the comrades of his prisoner might not be near. The man had a very evil look, and and Doctor Powell could not understand why it was that he and a companion were there alone and on foot. They looked like men who had seen a rough time of it, and the more lie saw of his prisoner the more suspicious the surgeon grew of him. "-Well, this will do as a camp, and we will look round first and rest after- wards," he said. "What's the work, cap'n?" "Your pard has to he buried, and then we will have supper." "He's dead — nolhin' can hurt him now; so what's the use o' our exertin' our selves plantin' him?" Doctor Powell was somewhat shocked at the man's heartlessness, but replied, as if to draw liim out : "Then you would not bury him?' "No. Let the wolves pick his bones." "I'll bury him, after I have searched him," "What'll yer search him for?" quickly, demanded the man. "Well, as I lifted him across my horsa I noticed that he was unusually heavy, for a man of his build; and you, too, seem pretty well loaded." "Nothin' but grub," growled the priso ner. "And let me tell you that I shall also search you, and that first; for I've an idea that you have more weapons than I took from you." The Surgeon Scout saw the man's quick movement with his bound hands, hut ha grasped them in a grip of iron, though1 not until the fellow had managed to get his hand upon a derringer that was in th« pocket of his woollen shirt. Powell wrenched it from him. and, hulling him upon the ground, quickly again hound his feet. Then he thorough ly searched him, and the result was sur prising to the doctor. First, he found a buckskin belt heavy with gold. His next find was a buck skin bag hanging to the belt, but worn inside of his trousers, that contained a quantity of jewellery, watches, chains, rings, and some diamonds. A still further search revealed sonn paper money and more gold, and the Sur geon Scout remarked: "Well, my man, for a poor miner In hard luck and just escaped from the out laws, you are pretty well fixed. Yon thought you would kill me with that der ringer after awhile, then get my horsa and outfit, and go on your way; hut It missed fire. Now I'll see whether your dead pard pans out as a gold-mine." A search of the dead body revealed fully as much treasure as that found upon the prisoner. "No wonder you did not want him buried. You did not wish to have to dig him up to get the treasure after 5'ou had killed me. W li, for humanity's sake, I will do as much for him as I will for you." "Fer me? Does yor intend ter kill live?" cried the man. "You intended to do as much for me, and one good turn deserves another." "Say, cap'n, yer is enter me, so I guesses we kin agree as ter larms." "I am seeking 110 terms; but you must help to bur j- 5-our dead paid." The Surgeon Scout stepped to his pack" and took out a small spade, which caused the prisoner to exclaim: "Lordy! but yer comes fixed ter bury, yer dead." "I did not bring ir for that purpose, for I found it. and this small pick back on the trail where there had been a fight between some Indians and soldiers. Tlia tools have come in well." Wiili his arms freed, the prisoner set to work, and in half an hour he and Sur geon Powell had dug a grave, into which" the dead man was laid. The doctor noticed thai the two men had been very scant of food, and haA onl5' a blanket between them, while their, weapons and booty had been plentiful. Their shoes indicated that they had dons much walking, and, as neither had on spurs, this seemed to confirm the pri soner's assertion that they were afoot. When the dead men was finally covered, a fire was built and the Sui-geoq Scout, going to his pack, got out a good supper, ample for both, and when it wal ready the man ate as though half- starved. The repast ever Doctor Powell observed : "I think it would be safer for me to seek a camp elsewhere, so we will move on, and you can ride my pack-horse." So the5T mounted and rode several miles before the suregon halted, with th9 re mark; "I shall fed more secure here; and nori; to bed. I'll give you an extra blanket as ihe night will he cold. To-morrow w» will talk over what oyu fate is to be." ___ -v CHAPTER XV.—' THE GHOST OF THBI NIGHT. Doctor Powell fully recognised his re sponsibility, and slept with one oye open, so to speak. 1 He had bound his prisoner securely, yet not so as to render him uncomfort able. He realised how often he himself liaa been supposed to be securely bound, When a prisoner of Indians and outlaws. ' .and had surprised them by showing that was non est in the morning ; so he had no intention, as regarded the man he had captured, that he should disappear. "When the morning came the Surgeon , Scout prepared a good breakfast, led his horses to water, and staked them in a \- iresh feeding- place. This done, he lighted Site pipe, and, seating himself by the side Of his prisoner, said: "Now, let us get better acquainted. I ?an Doctor Prank Powell " "The Surgeon Scout?" exclaimed the prisoner, amazedly. "Yes, I am so called." "You needn't say no more, for I knows yer." "Then you are aware I h ill do as I say. Now, who are you?" "Waal, I'm called Duke Lumley by my pards." j "And your trade?" J. "Mining for dust." | "In other people's pockets, yes." ! "I'm a honest man, cap'n." "When you are asleep. Look here, now: I know you are an outlaw, and see it I do not read you right. "You are one of the band of Mid- nlghters, and, wishing to leave them — iwe will say to become an honest man— you and your pard robbed your comrades "arid ran off. "You had to go on foot because you could not get horses without too much risk," and because, too, you preferred to leave no trail. "Seeing me coming, you sought to kill or capture me, but got caught in your own trap. Being an outlaw, you know- exactly where the retreat of the band is; so If you guide me there, I will give you your life and freedom, and the plunder I found on you, with a horse to go on your way. "If you refuse. I shall find the retreat Without your aid, and take you to the fort;-wHere Colonel Ferris will have you banged, for i can get witnesses enough against you among Cody's scouts. Now what have you to say?" ' "Pard doctor, you reads my ailment like a book. I is a outlaw, or was, and me and my pard was skippin' the lay out, as our hearts wasn't in it, for we Was forced to do lawless acts." "Such as firing upon me." "Waal, thet .were wrong, but we was lookin' out fei'ourselves. We got what we c'u'd together and started out afoot, so as ter leave no trail, and there you lias it." "Then you can lead me to the retreat?" ' "Yas, I could; but see here— I won't!" ' "Then you will have to hang." "You is going to rescue Cody; fer I has heerd you two was great pards." "How do you know I am going to find Cody?" . "Waal, he is a prisoner." "You know this?" "I left him in ther retreat." f "And you refuse to guide me there?'" "Pard cap'n, see here; I would be kilt mighty quick if was caught by the Midnighters, and you'll hang me if I don't guide you there; but, as I don't like either dose, I has terms to offer. . 'Well?" "Give me your pledge'of honor to spare my life and let me go free, with a couple of good horses and the booty that be longs to my dead pdvd and me, and I will guide you and some scouts and soldiers there, jbut not you alone. You'll want to take with you all of forty men, then I'll he safe. If these tarms don't snit, pard doctor, I can do no more."" '"The money found on your pard and yourself you can have, as well as the two horses you demand; but the booty I shall turn over to Colonel Ferris, for it was stolen. Now, I'll do no more, and you can have until night to consider. We Will go on now." The man urged against going back to wards the mountains, but Surgeon Powell paid no f urtlier heed to him, and they were soon upon the trail. It was near sunset when they camped for the night, and as it had grown very cold, and a snowstorm was threaten ing, the doctor sought a shel tered spot, the prisoner- seeming very anxious, which convinced liis captor that they were near the camping ground of the Midnighters. Soon after sunset the moon rose brightly, the clouds drifted away, and having had supper, the surgeon and his prisoner sat by the camp fire talking until after the midnight hour. The lat ter had assured the doctor that Cody .was a prisoner to tire outlaws, and con- winced him that to attempt to rescue him without considerable force would be Useless. "They has by this time about got onter my pard, and me havin' cleared out. for we was sent to find some stray cattle, find I'm expectin' 'em ter be hot on my trail any minute— Lord! what is that?" The men shrank back into the shadow us the rattle of hoofs cauie to their ears, end the Surgeon Scout sprang up ready tor action, just as a strange sight came beiere his eyes, for there dashed into View, in the moonlight, what appeared to be ap hantom horse and rider. "My God! it's the Ghost of the Moun tains!" groaned the prisoner. "And there comes Cody in full pursuit. I'll bring the ghost down for him." said the Surgeon Scout; and he threw his rifle to his shoulder, but ere he could take aim at the weird horse and rider, the prisoner uttered a cry of alarm and sprang for ward, hound hand and foot though lie 1 Was, ihowing himself with full force against Doctor Powell, who was hurled |>ackwards. The rifle flashed, the doctor fell with \- felurining force, his head striking a rock, and the Ghost of the Mountain and fcody in hot pursuit passed oa out of alght In the moonlight, their horses' boof-falls growing fainter and fainter. . IJo be continued. 