Terrible Burning Accident A S1TDNEY MAN FALLS ON AUOT STFAM-X'Il'E IN A BATH HIS FLESH ADU1IUED TO THE , 1'IFH LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING-PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. AVhilo iu a bath in Pitt-strcot, Mr Jarvis bad tbo misfortune to slip aud fall >n tho hot water '. pipes,- and boforo ho could bo rescued he tvus 'scalded aud jurat iu a terrible way. Tbo shook of .ho burning proved to bo verv disastrmis for Mr Jam?, and for a number of yours ifter he 4vas a confirmed invalid, buffer ing terribly from locomotor ataxia and fiber forma of paralysis. A. few months rgo, however, reports began to bo cir culated in tbc neighbourhood that Mr .Jams was gotting round again, and that ho had had a- most marvellous rooovery from this apparently incurable malady.. It wqs oii accouut of llicso romodics that ; a special roportcr from tho Sydney IPbr- ker was despatched to got all information egarding samo, and one afcornoou h6 made his way to his house, <15 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr Thomas Jarvis was discovered nursiog a tvro-year-old baby, aud his fuco declared him ono of tbo most happiest .mou iu Sydney. Ho was up and about, aud abio to answer tho knock sit tho door. Although palo and bearing still a few marks of critical ill- noss and a poriod of pain, it was vory clear that ho was an invalid no moro. In reply to the preliminary questions heaaid:-"i>u want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you, Tho faots may bo of value to thoso who aro stricken as I was." " How long wcro you suffering ? " " Well, twelvo months ago I got so bad that I had to Joavo off work, and I have dono nothing since then. About five years ago next Clnistmas I met with au accident ; I was scaldod whilo takiog a bath in X'llt-strcet, Sydney. Ninco the »vu»uem. x uiivu uuou in lauiog health, and after four yoars of gradual develop- ment of- tho malady, I was forcod to give up my bifiot at the Glebe Island," " What wero tho symptoms? " Simply indoscribablo. Tbo pains were something terrible.. Thoy woro just about as much as I could bear. They were all tho world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of mo. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself ond everybody else. I was iu- cessantly shiroring and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March lust I saiv a well-known doctor, aod he told mo that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gavo an order to tho Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of tho order? " "voj 1 came homo aod went to bed and have been pretty well in bed ever since, Five weeks ago I could not walk across tbo floor ; in fact, I could not got out oKbcd. I fult then that it was all ovor witii me, aud ouly a question of days when I wouU give up itio ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could by opiutn aod morphia pills,' to easo the agouy I was iu. I was' under uiin for live or six.woeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive loco motor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, anddiliiculty in co-ordioattng volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that! might never got the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is uot iuralliblo ) Weil, just as a drow- mog man will grasp at a straw, T graspod at an idea conveyed by tko advertisement describing the cure effected in the caso of another boilor maker in JSugland, which I read in tho Atut alian IFbrk- mciff, by Dr Williams' Fink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a caso which scbincd to lit my own. I determined' to giro tbo pills a trial, any way, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magtoal. I was abio to eat and sleep as though nothing was tho matter with me. It was tho first appotito end rost x had for many a day. It was incredible.' I immediately left tho bed and was able to move about. ¥bu seo thoso crutches thero ? Tuey ''aro per fectly new, aod I havo never used them. They were mado for mo boforo I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was to weak to use thorn, and now I 'don't want them." "He is 100 per oonfc bettor," said Mrs Jarvis, who bad oome in and taken tho baby on her knoos. The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Pooplo have sayod his life, and made aoother'man of himl" A friend who called io at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than ho did a fortnight previous. . "I can now," continued jarvis, " havo a cold bath, and all tho feeling has como baok into my legs. I asoribe all tho chaogeand benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They bavo saved my lifo, l am in no pain now, wh&torer;, and feci like a new man. On the mantiepiece there is & box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gavo mo to doadeu tbo oxoru- ciatiug pain." But they can stay where they are, for I no longor.nood them. Everybody who knows m<s has been amasd at the change in mo. Thoy caii hardly beliovo thoir eyes. My being out again has oauscd quite a sensation-' out here." Such is this romarkablo history, and it confirms what is said in all tho chief newspapers of this couutry of the astonishing euros wrought by Dr," Williams' Pink Pills far Palo Pooplo. Thov ouro locomotor ataxy, partial' paralysis, and spiual diseaso, also tho many disordors which arise from an im poverished state of tbo blood, snoh as aDromia, palo and sallow oomploxion, gonornl muscular weaknoss, indigestion, loss of appotito, shortness of breath, pains in tho back, norvous kcadaoho, etc. Mr J. S T- M'Qowon, leador of tbo Tjabor parly.in tho N. S. Wales Legisla tive Assembly, was soon by our reporter in connection with tbo remarkable oase of Thomas Jarvis. Mr Af 'ftmrnn snvn ho has known Jarvis from infancy, llo also knew that ho had to give up his work at- Glcbo Island abattoirs twelvo months ago owiug to a malady which ho dovcloped. lie afterwards heard that jarvis was bed-ridden, and that thoro was Utile clianco of his recovery, lie. understood Jarvis was refused aJuiissiou to Sydney Hospital, as his case had boon pronounced incurablo. Mr M'Gowen was, therefore, liko ovcryono else who know tho facts, astounded at tho com plete recovery of Jarvis. Theso wonderful pills are obtainable from leading ohcmty, or from tbo Dr. Williams' 'Medicine Co., Darragh's Buildings Qucon-stroel, Brisbane, who will forward, post puid, oq ropoipt of stamps or post ordor, ono' box for 2i 9 i , or half a dozen for I5s 3d. Soo that tbo genuine Dr Williams' uro gotten. 