The Relmptising of a Mountain. A Curious Story. ' Diable'rets ! That is rather a grim name fora mountain. What Is the ori gin of it?' was another of our ques'-. tioris. For answer wo had a curious story enough. In 1714 the whole valley was affrighted .by strange unearthly noises proceeding, as it seemed, from priests told tho people that a war had broken put in tho infernal regions, and that a pitched battle was going on be tween legions of demons imprisoned under the rocks. Then It was that the mountain was rebaptised with Its present uncanny name. Later in the year the solution of the mystery., came in the shape of an enormous landslip, of which: the internal rumblings had been the; warning, which rent the whole moun tain, as it were, in twain, one-half. roll- ing away, from the other, aod blotting out all the old features of the country. Numbers of people arid multitudes of cattle perished. -V The: most' extraordi nary part of ? the ??businoss, however, consisted !in vtheireappoararice 'of; a;- far-' mer. after, hayjngiboen buried, for three ;, months. A 'funeral service had been held nea.r.the'spot wliei'e Iiis clialet hail' disappeared; and his relatives were in, mourning for liinv as one dead. When, haggard and spoctre-IiUo,. lie presented himself in the neighbouring village the inhabitants fled In terror, and , a, priest was summoned to exorQise the. 'spirit: It was with the greatestVdifliculty that ho succeeded in persuading tho people he was not a ghost.' He had had -a miraculous. escape. '.-,- Amass of rock had fallen athwart ,:his chalet, where at the time ho was alpne. in sucli a way asto' prevent the, superincumbent mass from crushing it;f Air '.'?' had reached; -'him through various crevices, -and' he '?'?h'aci' been able: tosupiwrt himself on provi^ sions left In .thbliouse, until by constant labour ho had succeeded in tunnelling his why back to tlie Jiving world.— ' Atnlanta.' CobbB : ' That was a prptty senti m«nt young Masher got off the other night when bidding Miss Plumpy good night.' DobbH : ' So ! What wan It ?' Cobbs : ' He said he wished she was locked up in his arms and the key. lost.' She: 'It must have been an awful storni to blow away the ilghthouBs.' Cliolly. : '.Terrible, my flenr ! But i! could only have been through cnrele.Sh ries« that there was a lighthouse in such an exposed place.' ' ' f 