St. Jiarys flwas. (BY OUR BKPOHTKB). BIOYOLE RAOB. The following are the handicaps for the bioyole race to start and finish at Moseley's Hotel this afternoon : E Ohalker, scratch ; J Sainsbary, 80seoa ; W H McKenzie, lmin ; j J Abbott, lmin lOseos ; J Armstein, lmin I 15seos; W Parkins, lmin 203ecs; F Bonnard, IminSOseos; A Easterbrook, 3min SOsecB. j X GOOD PRICE. At the recent produce sales in Hedfern, Mr E. A. Thomas out Exeter way secured top price for his hay ; while other men only got two or three shillings for their stuff, Mr Thomas's hay brought four shillings, and four and nine-pence respectively. The produoe was grown out at Exeter just a few miles' from here, and it speaks well for St. Marys that crops grown in the district should bring top price. A BEE YABH. Last Saturday a boy about nine or ten years of age walked into a shop in the town and seeing some Very choice looking jam tarts lying on the oounter, placed hia hand on one. The proprietor of the place saw him and on asking the youngster what he was doing there, reoeived the reply that he was looking for his father's queen bee and said it waB in the middle of the tart. The would be pilferer was let off, but warned not to come looking for his father's bees in people's shops. PRESENTATION. On Saturday last; at lunch, prior to the sale at the Newmarket Sale Yards, Mr J. W. Perry, of the well.knpwn firm of Weaver and Perry, was presented with a handsome silver wine flask. Mr Perry was married some little time ago, and this was intended as a. wedding present, Newmarket people not having an opportunity of making it before, as softie of the buyers live a considerable distanoe away, and the presentation was made by his Newmarket constituents. A JIB. Last |Saturday whilst out we noticed two young ladies, who from resemblance to each other appeared to be sisters, driving along a track on the Werrington Estate. They were not very skilful with the reins, and the horse having had enough of being jerked from one side of the road £o the other stopped suddenly, precipitating the fair ones out on to the grass, No bones were broken and the gee-gee being quiet they got in again none the worse for the fall, but having learned a lesson in handling the '• ribbons." 8IOKNE88. Although St. Marys has always had the name of being a healthy place, still, the dread influenza has contrived to make its way here. Many of our townsmen are, or have been, suffering from the same, and in | consequence have been compelled to knock off work. Messrs W. Anderson, W. Thomp son, and 0. Gibson were among the number, the former looking a wreck of hit) former self. Some of the children have also con tracted measles, and are suffering in J consequence; it is to be hoped this is only confined to one or two families* AN AMENDE. In reference to the formation of a com pany of infantry in 'St. Marys, we Btated last week that Lieutenant D McDonald wa9 the promoter of the movement. Snoh is not the case. Mr W Turner firBt took the matter in hand, and asked Mr McDonald, as lieutenant of the Penrith Company, what the obances would be of getting a company in St. Marys. Mr Turner took the names of those intending to join, and has been working very bard to push the thing along; He has now 42 names, and would have had the requisite number {viz., 80) had he not taken ill. He is now about again, and has over a dozen promises. DEATH. On Tuesday last the eldest daughter of Mr W. Ward, of Booty Hill, passed away ut Molong. It appears Miss Ward went to Molong about two months ago to take tip the duties of nurse at the local Hospital, this being her first station. Most of the patients wore down with typhoid fever, and after she had been there some five or six weeks, the young nurse also oontraated it. In her case the fever took a greater hold than on the i i other patients and she sank very low, Her father who had a contract at Nyngan came down early the week before last and stopped | with her through that week. There being a ohange for the better on Tuesday last, and as he had received a telegram from Nyngan to go back there if he could, Mr Ward left and had just arrived in Nyngan about din ner time when hereoeived a telegram stating [ that hia daughter was dead. The mother, | who is living at Booty Hill, wanted to go up to her daughter, bat was advised not to, and [ as the doctor at Molong ordered the body to ! be buried the same day, neither the father, t mother, nor any of the family were able to >* attend the funeral. Universal sympathy is ! expressed with the bereaved family. ! BAND 07 HOPE. > The St. Marys Band of Hope met in the ' ProteBtant Hall on Thursday night, > July 7. There was a large attendance, the building being quite full. The Bev > E. King pre sided. On the platform were the Bev F. Witherby and the > Secretary (Mr Peroival Hope). The programme opened with hymn and prayer, and > then the following items were rendered :—Beoitation, Gh Ohesham, reoitation, > Willie Woyman; song, Mr A. E. Breyley { recitation, Robert Kelly; duet, > Messrs M. Sainabury and P. Hope ; dialogue, by six little girls—Misses May > Thompson, May Mitchell, May Hope, Jennie Bennett, Effie Hope, and Florrie > Thompson ; Temperance address, by the Bev E. King, who gave an interesting > address; hymn 87, during whioh two signed the pledge; " The Inohoape Bell," > by Miss Janet Guild ; song, " Laddie," Mrs Mashman; address, by Bev Franois > Witherby, in whioh he gave good advice to young and old; violin solo, Mr' > Breyley ; reoitation, Charles Weyman ; reoitation, by a gentleman who oame > as a Hubafcitute from Mr Loader; Mr Peroy Hope gave the t Beoretary'a raporti jn a yery abl# manner j i the recitation competition prizes were pre f eented by the Bev E. King; reoita i tion, Mr Jack Weyman; "Oaring the Toper," in seven charaotera, viz., Mary, Miss Janet Guild; Sarah, Mias G«o. ( Hope ; Maude, Miss Vi Dollin ; Kate, Miaa ■ Fanny Andrews ; John, Peter, and Molland ■ (Ghosts), Matt Sainabury, Jack Weyman, | and P. Hope. This was well performed, i and ended with a oharming trio by the I three Ghosts. The meeting olosed with the Benediotion. SOOIAIi. Oq Friday night of last week a first olass sooial was h^ld in the Protestant Hall, the < oooaBion being the annual " spree " in oon nootion with the St. Marys branoh of the United Anoient Order of Draids. The night was one that wag suited for danoing, and some 40 couples tolled np to enjoy them' selves, and help to awell the number to make a Buooeas of it, which it undoubtedly was. The Secretary, Mi B. Guthrie, with a strong committee of the members of the Lodge, are deserving of great praise for the way in which they worked for the affair, not a single hitoh occurring, and all worked in unison, The first dance was annouuoed at about 8.30 p.m. and kept going till 11 o'clock, wuou au adjournment was made for sapper. The tables were fitted up on the left side of the ball,and loaded up with thebestofeverythinjj. Mr A. Laiag had the catering, and there is no need to say that it was first-olass. Among the ladies who looked after tbe tables we noticed Mesdames Armetein, Parkins, Chapman, Biohards, and several others, who were ably assisted by several of the committeemen. The muBio was supplied by Messrs. E White, violin ; J Hill, piano ; and J Soott, cornet; whioh was of the best. Mr J Barret aoted as M.O. in a most efficient manner. At abont 1.80 a.m. the social broke np. all having thoroughly enjoyed themselves. GENERAL. ' The danoe in the hall was well attended last Saturday night. Druids sooial passed off very saooessfully on Friday night of last week. Mr 8. E. Lees will address the eleotors in the Protestant Hall on Tuesday night. We notioe the oontraotors are busy getting metal ready for tbe road from Silk's to Quarry Hill. Plenty of fun with electioneering down bere; the odds are pretty even about two of the candidates. Mr Bobbins has started work with bis in cubator, and some chickens and ducks were hatched this week. Mr J. Allen wishes as to publicly thank his many friends for deoorating the Ohuroh (St Mary Magdalene) on the oocasion of his recent mirriage. Mr Andrew Thompson would have received great support from St. Marys people if he had oome out as a candidate for Parliamentary honors. Some more births, late last week there was joy in the houses of Mesdames S Thompson and Jno Harford—at tke former's in oonsequenoe of the arrival of a daughter, and at tbe latter's of a son. Mr James Walsh, oar night offioer, was married to Miss Oorry in the Boman Oatholio Oburoh, on Wednesday last. It waB carried out very qaietly, and the happy pair left for Melbourne the same nigh* to spend the honeymoon. 