Congregational Union of New South Wales. The meetings in connection with the thirty -third annual session of the Congregational Uiiion of New South Wales were held at the. Echool-ball, Pitt street last week. There was a good attendance of ministers and delegates at all the meetings. The Rev. G. Duokley condacted a special meeting lor prayer. At me meenog woieu roiiuweu uiC »--». E, T. Duustan lead a paper on ' Special Missions Methods and RefcultB.*' Mr. Dunstan reviewed ihe great revival movement of the eigh teenth century, the work done uader Jonathan Edwards, Howell Davies, Daniel Rowlands, and other?, referred to the work of the Wesleys and Whit field, and showed how ail these men had been wondrously used by God. There waa not, he said, an evangelical church iu Christendom that did not owe an incalculable debt to the oiice-deapUed Methodists. To be successful the misskmer must have a true spirit of consecration and a full sense of dependence upro Grod. It was etill true ' Yethall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you.' They must also lemember they were ?♦ cu-workers together with God.' They could prepare the way. The pastor could begin with the fire in the pulpit, which would soon spread t? the pew. Neighbouring churches could unite, as they had recently done at PaJdington, with good re suits. Open-air work was a means of reaching the masses. They must have direct preaching and a telling forth the love of God, aud there must also be personal dealing. An interesting discussion followed tha paper, many prominent members taking part. A devotional meeting was held under the leadership of the Kev. E. T. Miles, and the business meetiDg of thn union commenced. The chairman for the ensuing year (the Bev. A. J. Griffith, M.A.) was introduced, and a vote of thanks was unanimously passed to tbe retiiing chairman, the llcv, F. Binns. TJie Sutherland church was received into the union, and the Eevs. E. Hutchinson, 'H. C. George, B. A., J. Bongers, and .7. C. Harris were received as members of the union. The thirty-third annual report was read by the secretary (tbe Bev. J. Buchau, M.A.). This showed that the work of the year hal been attendel with some difficulties, but all necessities had bee a signally met. The ministerial changes were referred to, and the following churches were announced as without pastors:— Auburn, Buthurst, Watson's Bay, and Windsor. The Lay Preachers' Association had con tinued its helpful end useful work, there being eight stations on the list kept going by the association. The committee had learned with joy that a member of the Pitt-street church (Miss Foreman) liad left a sum of about £800 to the ministers' retiring fund. The fund was now in a healthy condition, and all ministers were urged to join. Toe indebtedness of the union on October 33— tbe date of the closing M the books -stood at £164 4 s lid. Part of that sum (£100) was owing to the loau building fuudof the union, so that the in debtedness to othere etcod at only £64 4s lid. A balance of £166 2s 3d stood to tbe ciedit of the build ing fund at the date of closing the year's accouute, and a further sum of £55 3s 41 was to the credit jf the New England sites* fund at tbe same date. The total income received by the committee for the year was £1818 ;7s7d. In closing the report the committee thanked the office-bearere and members of the churches f x their loyal co-operation and as sistance in the work of the year. A report upon theuwthern churches was read, showing satisfactory progress despite some adverse conditions. The report of the morality aud temperance com ilteo waB read by the E9V. Dr. T. R osuby, refer ence being made' therein to the existence of c ilonial wiue licenses and the evils resulting theiefrom. There was neeetsity for strong, energetic, and per sistent resistance, the report stated, to the many forms of social and moral evil that existed. The totulisatar must be tesisted, raising as it did the question of the State lending its sanction to tne gambling evil. The report was received, and it was decided to discuss it at a future meeting, when a series of resolutions will be moved regaiding tue questions dealt with. The report of the council of the churches was presented by the Rev. J. Vordyee, M.A.. which showed that practical work bnd beeu accomplished by the council. Bev. J. Fordyce, M.A., read a paper on the ' Temptations of City Life.' The paper enumerated the numerous temptatious to which young men were exposed,, such as gambling, drinking, and impurity. The paper suggested the remedy lay in pieachiug CliriEt to them, and ap pealiug to all that was noblest and best in the natures of their young people. They could also jnnke their home life powerful to aeeiBt in this. Evil must be resisted iu every form in order to make theii city safe for young people. It was reported by the secretary that the Rev. T. S. Forsaithwas seriously ill, acd on the motion of the Eev. J. Fordyce, M.A., seconded by the Eev. S. Savage, it wa3 decided to send a letter of sympathy tD Mr. Forsaitb, who was described as the patriarch of the union. Oil the recommendation of the general committee the following grants were made to churches : — Granville, £50; Canterbury, £35: Druitt Town, £50 ; Eccleston, £40 ; Pyrmont, £55 ; Mcsman, £35 ; Leichhardt, £40 ; Hunter's Hill, £40 ; Orange, £24 ; Katoomba, £35 ; Cainpbelltowu, £21 ; Sutherland, £10: Rock late, £40 ; Stockton aud Islington. £30. The Eevs. R. Dey and J. O. Barris were elected personal members of tbe union. The election of officers resulted as follows :— Rev. N. T. Cocks, M.A. (chairman of union fcr 1899 1900) ; ministerial secretary, ttev. J. Buchau, M.A. ; lty secretary, Mr. W. E. Hawkins ; treasurer, Mr. C. H. Myles : registrar, Mr. Thomas Miller. On the motion of the Uev. Dr. Roseby (temperance and morality, committee) the following resolutions were carried, and it was decided to submit petitions to the Legislative Assembly with, regaid to each where deemed desirable: — 'That mis assembly desires to ospreas and record its protest agaioBt Mr. Copelaud's Suuday Trading Bill, as tending still further to extend the influence of the liquor traffic, which ought rather to be diminished, and as tending to break down the reverent observance of the Chrstian Sunday.' *' That this assembly desires to express aud to record its protest against tbe legalis ing of the tutalisator, as tending to increase, both in area and in intensity, the present gambling mania, and as lending to it by the State itself a new and mischievous sanction, aud that this assembly petition the Legislative Council upon the question.' ' That this assembly desires to express ana record its protest against the granting of a license to the Market buildings as adding another to tbe already too numerous hotels in the neighbourhood, and as involving the municipal council, aud therefore the citizens at large, in an undesirable traffic.' ' That this assemblv d: sires to express and record its ap proval of the proposed legislation promoted by the New South Wates Alliance for the extension of the ? local veto in respect tt the liquor traffic audits - more efficient restriction.' ' Tnat this assembly offers its hearty support to Dc. Graham's Indecent Advertisement B.U now heft re the Legislative As Buiby.' 'That this asjBjmbly desires to ex pi ess ? its gre it regret tbat certain uevvspipera iu the csty have leceut'y organised a picuic for newsbi-ya whereiu the euteriaiutn .ut was not of such a character as to promote their respect foi the Christian Sunday or.tbeir moral elevation.' . The following resolution was carried ;— *' That this union withdraws from Willoughby as a church unless on or b.-fore the the 8th of November the church complies with the wishes of the geueral committee as expressed in their letters of 6th of January and the 18th of February, 1898.' The motion bv Mr. Herbert Fairfax (West Mait land), that a minister be appointed as organising sec retary to periodically visit the churches throughout Australasia, was referred to the general committee for consideration. UNION FESTIVAL Ai*TD DENOMINATIONAL GATEEEING. In connection with tbe union festival and de nommat onal gathering a public tea wai held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Elizabeth-street. There was a large attendance, many not being able to obtain seats at the tables. The public meeting was held in the Pitt -street Church, which was well filled. Sir .lames Fairfax presided. The choir of Pitt-streit Church led the service of praise. The chairman of the union announced that the following committee had been elected :— Ministerial members : Revs. F. Binns, G. Campbell, W. J. L. Closs, B.A., E. T. Dunstan, J. T. Warlow Davies, M A., J. Fordyce, M.A., J. G. Fraser, M.A., James Hill. M.A., W. Cunliffe Jones. Dr. T. Roseby. Lay members : Messrs. S. H. Barraclough, W. S. Buza- cott, James Brown, Sir James R. Fairfax, Messrs. B. Hardie, Josiah Mullens, J. Pomeroy, E. K. Satchell, J. T. Tillock, C. E. Wigzell. Sir. James E. Fairfax, who was received with applause, delivered an address reviewing the work done by the Home Mission Society, and said it was the bond which united them as churches. New churches had been opened, and the indebtedness of the society had been lessened, so that they hoped by the next annual meeting overdrafts would have become things of the past. The work had not been without good results. They must keep alive the spirit of helpfulness to other churches. Their spiritual work would be inclined to waver and wane if they bounded their sympathies by the four walls of their individual churches. They should consider it a duty and a privilege to help other churches. Referring to the religious controversy in England he said there was a danger that in the strife for form and ceremony important matters of truth and the necessity of ministering to the poor and the needy would be lost sight of. He hoped the time might come when in these new lands the Protestant churches, having one common faith in the one God and His Son the Saviour, might become federated. (Applause.) Mr. S. H. Barraclough delivered an address on the Christian Students' Union. The Rev. W. Cunliffe Jones spoke upon the characteristics of Congregationalism, and upon the mission they had to fulfil. They stood, he said, pre- eminently for the grace of God in the redemption of the world. They believed in the fact that the great God Himself had condescended to take their form and flesh to redeem the world from sin. They believed that God was still guiding and leading them, and they were held together by that invisible bond. Mr. W. E. Hawkins delivered an address devoted principally to the duty laid upon them of aiding other churches. Independents had sprung up, he said, when churches aud the world needed reviving, and if ever the necessity existed for the work of the Purilun it was in the present They should seek to plaut churches wherever needed. The Chairman of the Union proposed, and the Rev. J. Buchan, M.A., seconded j a vote of thauks to Sir James Fairfax for presiding, and the meeting closed with the usual devotional service. 