€111 JVOTES- [Br OBSERVER ] The colony of Tictona has benefitted largely from the fact of the eucouragement it has given to agricultural--colleges, not-: withstanding .that: they have not been able^ •to.: make, 'the experimental-rfarms ;pay. their, way. . 0,ur'.', people ;have,; also benefitted' jlargely^roniK the valuable technical,.Bducar: -tion giveniat the Working :M en's College and: lOtbnc lnaUtaticiiis.: In.a figurative Bense, ,an ; Lounce iof teehmcal education js^ worth: a ston : of i .ordinary teaching:;'-aud if- the --technical: '.could be introduced and engrafted^upon ,the, \- State scliouls^ and.. upon. -a„ n umber of the better class:pnvat(!£chola8tic establishments: of the colony, we would rear, up a jaee of youug people who would bo able, like the astute Texan,:.to ramp around and exclaim, " Ktra(i)nger, I can lick Creation." It is therefore to be;hoped,that the Government, . will .establish as; many, agncviltural ooUoges as they.possibly can m the, difFerent,country: districvs. in order that a trial may b'o given to, the various: places, which -would afford, a valuable guide to.settlers as to what to do , and,,wliat to avoid. Golleges-of mining and metallurgy ought also -to be encouraged' or subsidised: where they -have already been established in the country districts. The more:-dissemination- there-iis' -of . ideas- the- more likely are the Government to be ;able fco: lay claim to having, iliastened the-advent of the good time coming. Mr. Peacock the. other day told a deputation that he and his colleagues intended going into the matter of technical education-in a thorough -and. care- . ful. manner. . They would tjlow at .first, beginm a...small way.; ,und -"then increase '. expenditure as they gained experience. The: Ministry fully recognised the necessity uf the rising generation,acquiring a knowledge of dairying; agriculture and mining, and it was intended to alter: the curriculum of State schools;: somewliat: in . the direction indi cated. '. •"•'•'•'•• The Austral.meeting proved two thingsfirst, that cycling -will: always draw a crowd; and second, the hundicappers are treating the " cracks " in a horrible fashion. With regard to the first matteri the gates realised £1200, and the stands, which members mainly fill with their lady friends, -were crowded to excess. Each member is allowed two ladies' . tickets. > Therefore, the fair sex have a: good time, though on this occasion they "were disappointed m not having space to show their pretty frocks oil to advantage. , The secoud point, ' handicapping. In spite of the - 'cracking up " tlie. dallies gave, .the handicapping-.caused the Austral of 1S9S to be-one of the tamest affairs one could witness.- It was a onermnn race, the really good: riders being so handi capped that it would have been better had they remained in the dressing-rooms. After the first lap . a child could see tlie back markers liad not a " ghost of..a-Bhow," and the winner simply went to .the: front, and there lie stopped. Lou Scharp, with his £300, by far had the best of tlie deal. The law courts have been put, to the exercise of considerable ingenuity to make existing ."legislation: apply;: t" the- popular mode of locomotion—.the "bike." Recently a graceful St. Kilda cyclist was fined by au inartistic bench for. riding with hands not only ofl the bar, but in his pockets, Now, the hauds-off attitude may be a welcome rest, but to dive them iu the pockets is just " frill:" His H'onor" held that negligence was.-governed- by the surrounding .circumstances.; Had Mac Donald,so'indulged m the far Never-Never no one would have had a word-to say.—or, at sity- live o'clock in the morning, it would have been all right But this gives no balm to the cychat wlio desires. to. pose. His efforts' to pose require the inspiration of an audience, which, at five : a.in., is ' not...there ;uiiless -iu. ' the guise of enthusiastic wheelers quite absorbed in lnahceuvreing .their own." jiggers,"' I wou'icl warn, your local- publicans that the police have, uuder /instructions, . com-: meuccd a: raid upon licensees .upon -whose premises such a game known as " two up ' is played. The Act sets forth: that the pub hcan must not " permit" or knowingly allow suoh game to: he played, but this was knocked on the head the other day by a • beach of justices. . Aipublican was charged with allowing: the game to be- played, and from, the . evidence it' appeared some total iBtoangers were- playing-in Ills: back, yard behind the stables. Tills the police^ admitted; also conceding the faot that the players were hidden from the view of the occupiers of the house by the aforesaid stables. ' The :.date of the. offence was on a Sundaj', and it was urged the. licensee was lying down, and therefore did not know what was going on at the rear. In spite of: this he was fined, -the bench holding that someone should have acted as his lornm I would point out to: any of your subscribers who; visit town, and "have oecasiou : to; .drive a vehicle in- either ..the..city.-or suburbs, ' that now the rule :ofi thei road is being strictly enforced. Not .only have you to keep oil the left or " driving • side," bu t people, are summoned .for. driving say four .•or five yards from the. kerbstone on that side. ;.Thisia as.it should be;"for often-the traffic -16 blocked and a nasty accident narrowly , averted, the cause of whioh IB a heavily - laden- dray- being.- driven by some sleepy-headed Jehu almost m-the centre of the road. .The -." Anthrax " question is the burning: "topic all over Melbourne ]ust now. It seems .that 2,000. sheep huve managed, to get iuto tlie-Elemington abattoirs—some of them (the-sheep): badly infected with the deadly, anthrax. Upwards;of 200 of these diseased, 1 or supposedly diseased, animals; have gotmto; human consumptiouy . and all- householders are worrying themselves as to whether they liave helped'to consume the infected stock;. To Cr. Raisbeck of the Elemington Council, belongs the. credit, of -pointing 1 out- - the danger; and preventing any further slaughtering: -from the infected : mob", which had been dying at the rate of 30 per day. Cr. Raisbeck, ! being connected ;aB a pnncipalj" witli a large butchenugMnterest; lexplalued his brief experience-of the: deadly : disease.: A mate .of his slaughtered a beastione nightj and-next mornmg- -died from -anthrax taken: mto-his: systein.ithroughi ai-slight rcut; ; on Ins hand: The result iof this;anthrax question. beiugrsovpromxitly stirred up; iforced the, Gentral .-,:Board ol Health, : who—:thc oiEcial attention being pointedly drawn-^could no longer turn a blindeye- to the public, - -. ;.,.. danger, or, shall I say; to the " good old.mcnaee -to.public healthi?" , ,. .TIierGity Council has seized^the survivln, annnalsi and: :is .endeavoring to absorb-al the credit stopping tlie.sale,of .diseasedmeat. ; /The- Elemmgton (SounciUs inspector seized: and destroyed all the;anthraxiinfected animals...-found::, dead'iriusvhisrterritory::;: The carcases; were carefully, lneinemtedv?- These : sheepT;istan"lc^Sear£ullyI ' Araby —waa—a fool to it, and^decomposition ulwa et in before the unfortunate animal kicks the Lbucket. J j-V;.The'rulet.ijf the abattoirs seern^' to:> !havei-elbeent ?itoJtj|slaughter ^ for *"eon| sumption srSeveryfeianim 1 hat could' Btandvupvsand'yiTiatswi uld bleecl wlien at e thi'oat - L httd--'beeno.cut. Thi reminds '"me 1 of ".-the'ingeniouB>-:defenee of the boniface ' AvhOjrWheiYjbroughtsnp: for Buppl mg a man f.whenjdieiWas^idrunkVim answer to the bench fintnnate0',tliat;he?did'.>aiot con~sider an man Ldiunk;sor?long,;aSidie;rcould stand up to "the sbar/andipay^ioriJuslSiJiquor 1 But<tln I by •thefwayimnifenustjiecurn to m mutton Authorilaeasona anthrax tate that the com t ,plaint..isfa;ispJeniCfapo,plexy and^the blood !assumes;ajeDKgulated l oand ®rrj oonBiBtcne T ,|l-h.esspleen>ahecomeB"'?;:enlii!rged N t^-t^^ lihi uoi m 1 17 , nd I tuf en till r nucl tnj nw 1 T(. ,, pc olijc. ttfu ,'tlii i rna\ -ihe-per in flj jg-it 1. r h h Jsi mmki 