LITERARY SOCIETIES' UNION. -yJ r THE PRIZE COMPETITIONS. The competitions between the literary Societies of the colony, held under the auspices of the "West Australian Literary Societies' Union, resulted in the submission of some very good material to the judges. "We give selections in to-day's issue. It would be impracticable to give all the prize literary contributions, for Mpy included a story, an essay, and twoKengfchy magazines. "We have had to be content with publishing the story and some of the articles from the first prize magazine, permission to do so having been obtained from the Union through the hon. secretary, Mr. J. Long- more. PANTADIS : AN IMPOSSIBLE STORY. BY MR. A. G. 0. PAIN, Of the St. George's Literary Society. A [PRIZE STORY.] orientalis is not the name of a new toilet soap, nor an excellent substitute for butter. It is-or rather was-the name of a man-a " human man of and that man a King's son. His father's name was Owpoteen, and he reigned in the land of Owdamow many thousand years ago. In this country it was the custom, whenever a child was born, for the father to offer a gift in the temple of their great god Graball (who is still secretly worshipped in some heathen countries and to hold a birthday feast year by year, at which a fresh offering was made to Graball continually. If any Fifield was born on February 29 the father was required to offer two gifts yearly, and to hold two feasts on February 28 and March 1, leap-years only excepted. But Owdamow was a poor kingdom, and Owpoteen was a poor Mag. Consequently when a son was born to him on the fatal 29th. he boldly announced his intention of offering one gift only, and keeping the birthday on the last day of February. This declara- tion did not cause very much astonish- ment. Everybody knew that the king was poor, and that his last loan on the London market had been only half sub- scribed, and as to his feasts many of the favoured guests could dine much better at home every day of their lives. But there was one man who was very wrath, and that was the high priest of Graball. He was an active and energetic man, and he was everlastingly bothering the king for funds to rebuild the statue of Grab-all, or paint the interior of the temple sky-blue. When he read the official announcement he came to the king and informed him that if he couldn't see his way to withdrawing the proclamation and abiding by the custom of the country he (the priest should be reluctantly compelled to curse him (the king.) " Look here," said the king frantically, holding out a sheaf of bills which had recently come in. " How can I afford it, with sherry up to 13s. per dozen, and as for champagne there's positively nothing to be had under 2s. 9d. the bottle."' " 2s. 6d. if you send the bottles back," corrected the priest. "It wouldn't be a bad idea," said the king reflectively, to offer the empty bottles to Grab-all. Don't you, think that if we built them up in the form of a pyramid-" .' No, I don't," said the priest tersely. " Come, is it to be two gifts and two classes per annum, or not ?" r'Not." " Then I shall curse you." " Have the goodness to go outside and curse there,'' said the king wearily. "Don't you tremble ?" enquired the priest, who had never cursed anyone before and was considering how he should go to work. " No, I don't. You can't make things worse than they are." " I can pronounce a curse that would kill you on the spot and the child as well," said the priest, in his most blood-curdling tone. " In that case," said the king, " after performing the funeral service, you would be compelled by the law of the country to commit suicide yourself." " I withdraw the expression," said the priest hurriedly. " And you won't curse me ?" " Not unless I can find something that won't involve suicide. Perhaps you could suggest something that wouldn't be considered too bad." " I remember reading once a work on education," said Owpoteen, " that laid down the rule that every punishment ought to bear some reference to the offence. If a boy came late, the punishment was to be stopping late," and so on. " And if the boy fell down and tore his trousers ?" " The book didn't say." "And the connection between this imaginary boy and my curse ?" " Briefly this Why shouldn't you suit your curse to the circumstances of my case ? I am going to do once what I ought to have done twice. Pronounce a curse on my son." skin' Not on you?" "I would rather you didn't for your own sake. " Then I won't. Go on, please." "Can't you fill it up for yourself? 'forasmuch as thou, Owpoteen, King of Owdamow, hast done but once what thou oughtest to have done twice.' " " I understand. ' Thy son shall be condemned to do twice everything that he would otherwise have done only once. The curse is spoken. I wonder if it will work ?" he added set to voce. It did work Scarcely were the words uttered when the young price sneezed twice. Then he fell on the floor twice. Then he devoured the contents of two feeding bottles. The curse was complete. The king, in alarm, recalled the priest, and requested him to remove the curse, promising to remove his head if he failed. The priest read over the curse in an audible voice, and declared, " I withdraw the expression." But the expression apparently declined to be withdrawn-the curse still remained. The unfortunate priest read the curse backwards, wrote it out neatly and burned it in public, gilded the statue and painted the temple at his own expense (for the first time) ; but, in spite of all, the curse still stuck like a porous plaster, there was no getting rid of it. Whereat the king was angry, and ordered his head to be struck off. The priest obtained a reprieve or' twenty-four hours, '" in order to try fresh means," and vanished from the land. But the curse remained, and the child was in consequence called ' Pantadis, which signifies in their language " everything twice." When he was eight years old he was sent to school, where he had a bad time office altogether. For weeks he was nevex-ii1--time for early preparation, because he was obliged to get out of bed and go back again before he finally got up (this practice has been followed by other boys not under a curse), with Services and dress twice, taking off every article of dress as fast as he put it on. For this unpunctuality he was punished with impositions, every one of which he had to write twice. At last he hit on the brilliant idea of employing a boy still younger than himself to wash and dress him. There was no difficulty in HSding one-on the contrary there was quite an eager competition for the post among the juveniles. At meals his habit of going twice to every dish naturally excited attention. The average boy has his notions as to the amount of food which it is lawful to consume at one meal he is not very particular about the number of meals and anyone who exceeds this somewhat liberal estimate he denounces as a pig. Even the proprietor of the school noticed it. and talked about " extra terms." But it is needless to say, these were never charged. " Owpoteen, king of Owda- now" looked well at the head of his list of patrons, and the Owdamow Intelligencer was only too thankful to print gratuitously a small paragraph every term about Prince Pantadis and his studies, which generally brought in a few new pupils. So the boy remained on the ordinary terms, and the king obtained a small commission on every new pupil obtained. In the playground Pantadis was no happier. Cricket, of course, was an impossibility to him. The rule says that the striker is out if the ball be struck and he wilfully strike it again, and Pan- ladies could not help striking the ball twice, though not wilfully. He tried to persuade boys to come for walks with him, but they soon tired of a companion who said everything twice and couldn't walk a yard without going back again. To be sure, he was a king's son, but this did not weigh with them so much as it might have done with their parents. The only time when they fully appreciated his society was when a new master arrived who was not acquainted with the prince's peculiarity. The principal never mentioned it, and the boys were extremely careful not to do so. The result was a scene of the following description : Master (mildly) : '"I observe, my boy, that you repeat everything that you say." Pantadis (calmly) : " Yes, yes." Master (reproachfully) ; " Then don't do it, my boy." , Pantadis (still calm) : " No,- no." Master (indignantly) : " But you did it then, sir." Pantadis : " Yes, yes." Master (excitedly) : " Then don't do it, sir." Pantadis: "None." Master (standing up and flourishing his cane) : " DID you hear what I said ?" with additions. Pantadis (with, the ghost of a smile : " Yes, yes." Master (con fiasco agitate motto for- missing') : " THEN DON'T DO IT." Pantadis (trying vainly to look serious) : " No, no." At this point the laughter of the whole class generally broke forth in a perfect shriek, and the master promptly went for the nearest boy with his stick. Then any boy or boys who were not laughing too much to speak would offer a hurried explanation, which was sometimes in time to prevent mischief, but occasionally proved ineffectual until every boy in the class had been thrashed and the cane broken to bits. During the years that Pantadis was at school, this scene was repeated again and again with a few verbal alterations and never seemed to lose its charm. It was the only bright spot in Pantadis' school career. When he left school things were no better. His fatal peculiarity still haunted him, and rendered him an object of more or less aversion everywhere. Who would invite a man to dinner who persisted in going twice to soup ? Who would ask a man to oblige the company with a song in the drawing-room when it was absolutely certain that the singer would take an encore without being asked - At length people grew tired of inviting him, and the unfortunate prince found himself practically boycotted. Every fresh priest of Graball tried his hand on that curse, but it was no use. At last the king decided to consult the three wise men, who lived by themselves in a cave, never mixed in society, and never read any books or newspapers. Hence their wisdom. No one in Owdamow professed to believe in them; on the contrary, every one openly denounced them as impostors. It was about the only matter which was not regarded as a party question. And yet it was whispered that the wise men " made a good thing of it." Of course, the king couldn't go openly. He had sunk low enough, but he could not possibly be seen in the society of three "pseudo-prophets," as the Owdamoiv Intelligencer'the 0. independent, and the O. Republican Journal alike agreed in styling them. It was the only point which they had ever agreed). Sohe set out secretly at nightfall in disguise that is to say, he wore an old robe and a bad hat. (It must be well-known to all admirers of melodrama and farcical comedy that a disguise of this nature is amply sufficient to secure non-recognition from everyone except the audience) He took no one with him but the high priest of Graball (also disguised). It was necessary to have some companion, and as the priest pleaded guilty to having consulted the wise men himself once or twice, " not that he believed in them in the least," he was chosen, and sworn to secrecy. Enter, on King," said a voice, as Owpoteen knocked at the door of the cave. Enter, on Priest of Graball," said a second voice. " Enter, King and Priest,'" said a third voice. " This is mysterious," said Owpoteen. " Mysterious indeed," said the priest, who had called on the wise men himself the night before to announce the approaching visit. " What wouldst thou know ?" enquired the first speaker- amiably, as the disguised visitors entered. v , Owpoteen explained as briefly as he could that he was troubled with a son whose life was a perpetual encore. What was to be done ?" " Verily the prince in his palace hath his troubles," replied Number One, " even as the beggar and the outcast." " Is that all r" enquired the king. Number One bowed. The king frowned and motioned to Number Two to speak. "Verily there are many virtues, but patience is the greatest of them all." " Go on," said the king. "I don't know any more," replied the sage, with an air of supreme self-same- faction. " These old men are frauds," muttered the king, after frauds. I didn't pay my money to hear stale copy-book.' " They don't seem to be in very good form," said the priest, uneasily. "Number Three," said the king, " what have you got to say ?" " Thou has not paid up," replied the sage, calmly. " True, very true,"' assented the other two. " We know it." " It strikes me it's about all you do know," said the-king, bitterly. Most men are prophets enough to tell when they haven't been paid, t- Hand over that bag.'' (This, of course, was addressed to the priest, who had '. kindly consented to advance the necessary funds, under threat of dismissal if he refused) " How much do you want a " We to leave it to the generosity," said One. "-a.' ? " Talks like a cabman," observed the kin". 2 "We know that a king giveth generously added Two, smiling. The priest coughed slightly. " How much r" asked the king, affect- ing not to hear the cough. '* do you charge by time or distance ?" " No cure, no pay," said Three boldly. "No charge unless thou art fully satisfied." " And if I am ?" "Then hand over the bag we take it all." " If you can't do better than the other two, you won't stand much chance. Proceed." Three smiled pityingly. He was well aware that One and Two had long ago lost what wisdom they had ever had. But they looked wise, and people generally judged by appearances. In fact, their reputation was so great that he could not afford to dissolve partnership with them. " Proceed." said the king. The priest looked imploringly at Three for failure meant ruin to himself. As for One and Two, they squatted on the floor in placid indifference. Three raised himself to his full height, and repeated slowly and solemnly the following words : " Two are more than one, and one is less than two, and two and one are equal." What on earth does the fellow mean ?" whispered Owpoteen. " Don't ask me," said the unfortunate priest. " I wish we had never come." Repeat the message," commanded the king. " If there is any extra charge " There is none." The priest looked relieved. Once more came the mysterious announcement : r " Two are more than one, and one is less than two, and two and one are equal." , "And what good will this do, supposing it to be true ?" enquired Owpoteen. "I don't know any more," said Three placidly, copying Two exactly. And really I can't say whether he knew any more or not. Then the king in a great rage kicked the priest, flung the bag at Three's head, and went off without shutting the door after him. The priest discreetly picked up the bag and secreted it under his robe, to which Three offered not the slightest objection. Two days afterwards, among the advertisements of " Word Competi- tions," appeared Three's mysterious prophecy, word for word. Five pounds offered for the first correct solution. Entrance fee, one shilling. The proceeds to be given to a charity (not named). Several eminent mathematicians sent in the famous equation, beginning N2 X2. But none of them could explain in what way this algebraic fallacy would benefit Pantadis. And so no reward was paid, and the " charity " benefited considerably, and the prince grew more and more moody and de- spondent. Ifc was the custom in the land of Owdamow for the king's eldest son to be betrothed on his twenty-first birth- day, and on this occasion it was usual for the sovereign to come before Parliament with a humble petition that they would condescend to settle a small sum on the royal pair. Pantadis protested that he didn't want to be married, but Owpoteen insisted, and so the request was presented. It was couched in the most approved form. It stated that our well-beloved son Pantadis, Prince of Owdamow, was desirous to take unto himself a wife. That he was not covetous and did not seek after money for its own sake, but still it was a useful thing to have in the house. That he had not got it in the house and in short, he would take £6,000 a year, and say no more about it. The king had not the faintest expecta- tion of getting £6,000, but thought it best to aim high. No sooner was the message read by the President, than an honourable member rose to move the reduction of the vote to one-tenth. " By one-tenth, you mean " said Ow- poteen. "Well, I don't mind-" The President begged to inform the king that he was not in order. (Hear, hear.) Owpoteen sat down. The amendment was put and carried unanimously. Owpoteen again rose. " Much obliged, I am sure-" (cries of " Spoken already.") The President begged to inform the king that having spoken already on the motion he was not at liberty to address the House again. (Applause.) " But you ruled me out of order, when I had only spoken half-a-dozen words, objected the unfortunate monarch. " Yes, but you spoke don't you see ? " (Cheers and laughter). "Will you have the kindness (load cries of " Order") to inform me when I am in order ? " I must ask the honourable and royal member to give notice of that question." (Renewed applause). "If I am in order said another honourable member. " I should like to move the reduction of the amended vote to one-tenth that is £60 per annum." (Loud and prolonged applause.) Amend- ment carried nem. con. " I beg to move the adjournment of the house," said the king, who was afraid that this process would be continued until they had cut him down to one shilling and twopence two-fifths. " You're out of order again, as usual," said the President. (Much laughter.) " Well, I shall adjourn, at any rate," said the king (excitedly, as the newspapers phrased it next day in their description of the "scene"),' "and, order or no order, allow me to tell you that a meaner set of skunks-" (Great uproar). " Come outside and say that again !" said the President, energetically. Then ensued a universal " bally rag," in which everybody called everybody else to order, and the president rang his best to keep order (amid loud cries of '" Take your seats any more going on by this train ?"') until somebody stole it, and several duels were arranged, until at last, everybody having gradually adjourned, order was restored once more. It is almost needless to say that the neighbouring princesses declined to have anything to do with a prince who had only four-and-twenty shillings a week. It seemed as though the unfortunate prince would never be able to claim even this modest sum when he suddenly fell in love with the daughter of a local soap-boiler, rich enough to buy up the king ten times over without noticing it. It was some time before Owpoteen could be prevailed on to consent. But at last he agreed that if the young lady could find anyone to interpret the prophecy the marriage might take place. Pantadis was naturally inclined to despair, but the soap-boilers daughter, who was a sensible, strong minded young woman, told him not to bother himself-it would all come right. So the preparations for the wedding were pushed on rapidly. The president of the assembly, finding that Pantadis was going to many money, suggested that he wouldn't want the £60 which they had lavishly voted. Then Owpoteen came out strong. He declined to give up the £60, he sacked the President and both the members who had moved the reduction of the vote, and he announced that in future he should speak when he liked, and as long as he liked, and any president who ruled him out of order would be expected to resign office and commit suicide. The wedding-day arrived. A large company had been invited and a magnificent feast prepared-at the expense of the soap-boiler. The interior of the temple had been painted a delicate pea-green at the expense of the soap-boiler. And the Priest of Graball had been arrayed in such gorgeous vestments that he looked like a cross between a rainbow and a peacock's tail at the expense of the soap-boiler. " Before we commence the ceremony,'"' said Owpoteen, rising, " I will read the words of an oracle given me by a dis- creet prophet. If anyone can explain what they mean and how they can possibly release my son from his present infirmity, I shall be much obliged if they will kindly step forward. Otherwise, the marriage cannot take place." He then read the prophecy. To the surprise of all it was the future princess who stepped forward and offered to explain. " Go ahead,"' said Owpoteen, approvingly. The young maiden, who had studied mathematics at a ladies' college, delivered herself as follows: " Pantadis is one person, and I am one person.'' " Two persons are more than one, and one is less than two." " But if Pantadis marries me, we shall he husband and wife.'' " And husband and wife are one." " But we were just now proved to be equal to two." " Therefore two and one are equal." " Again, because husband and wife are one, the husband is only half one." " Therefore what he does he only half does." " And two halves are equal to one." " Therefore, when Pantadis half does a thing twice, it will be the same as if any ordinary person did it once." " Therefore, as soon as he marries me he will be alright." So they were married, and lived as happily ever afterwards as married couples invariably do in old-fashioned story books. The moral of this story is that matrimony is an excellent institu- tion-in some cases. THE MODERN CUPID. (From the prize magazine by the St. Andrew's Literary Society.) The small boy of the toy bow, the wedge-headed arrows, the insufficient clothing, and the bandaged eyes, with whom centuries of pedagogic instruc- tion have made the world familiar, is, of course, out of date. The suggestion that such a trifling, naked, fickle, little sketch could seriously affect the minds of the modern young man intent on his bicycle and the Coolgardie water scheme, or the young woman poring over her Browning, is too absurd for consideration. His wings are broken by the ruder winds of this bleak, matter- of-fact century ; his guilt bow is tarnished ; his hair out of curl. In fact, he is as dead as any of that old mythology to which he belonged-all so superficial, so selfish, so sensuous, so unfit to rule the destiny of anything more noble than a coffee-shop, or steer a chariot of more pretentious construction than an ice- cream cart. And yet he is not without a successor, perhaps a descendant. The modern Cupid is cast in a different mould. She is a woman, but I will not strive to describe her personal charms, or lack of them. Her arms, not the mere physical flesh and blood appendages glove-clothed at their lower extremity, but the heraldic variety of arms-are well known : A tough chop, quartered on a field of cold gravy, supported by a potato rampant and an inverted teapot. She holds her post as maker of matches unwillingly. Stern fate and the logic of circumstances makes her augment the roll of marriages, rather than any noble idea of aiding in the solution of the deep and awful question, "What shall we do with our girls ?" which is reported to make old some mothers surely not in Western Australia. The British paterfamilias is said to stand aghast at this awful conundrum, hurled at him Sphinx-like by newspapers writhing in the agony of the dull season, when wars come not and tired journalists have to take refuge in the consideration of eight-legged camels and phenomenally rotund pigs. Yet he scarcely looks for the cure in the mighty army of lodging-house keepers. That is because he has not had colonial experience. Had he come to Australia-the land of booms and gold mines, of blacks and meat rings-he would know better. The average young man who reaches years of indiscretion, either here or elsewhere, and seeks fortune or a Government billet in our cities, goes into lodgings. It is a small word, but means much. There are varieties of lodgings. Some are upstairs and some downstairs ; some pin their faith to mutton boiled, and some to mutton roasted ; some show a touching confidence in the merits of ham and eggs, while others consider very aged lamb as the magnet with which to attract the young man who is in the migratory stage, having left the parental roof without having reached the honour of an independent establishment with a narrow verandah in front, a diminutive skillion behind, and a plot of what to the eye of faith, is grass or flowers around. But lodgings of the professional type, the modern method of meeting the wants as far as sleeping and feeding go of the unattached young man, never vary much from one type. Its key-note is cheerlessness. Anyone who has endured a decade of boarding-house life with equanimity, has reached a stage when the discipline of a Trappist monastery would be relaxa- tion, and life in gaol luxurious ease. This accounts for the greater criminality of us married men, on which the W.C.T.U. and the Government Statist usually dilate. The cheerlessness is not, as is sometimes supposed, the end at which the lady gaoler-I mean the lodging house keeper aims. No ; she is merely the only living embodiment of Smiles' famous doctrine of thrift. The virtuous woman of the Bible showed economy in the way she over- looked her maidservants and saved candles-for did not she rouse them betimes but, after all, she was merely on what has been called the Scottish base. The lodging- house keeper, on the other hand, outdoes not merely the North Briton, but the Gascon. She leaves the Armenian far in the rear, and the Jew gives up the contest early, finding that she can win by a head with ease. A lodging-house keeper can practise more economies of the Smilesian stamp than the ordinary man can imagine-till he has had experience. Where she learns is a mystery. She is superb at carving just " the little less and what worlds away," as Browning phrases it. She can count the slices of bread, and check a ravenous eaten with a look. Her eye automatically weighs the butter, while the tea is of that judicious strength that is warranted in- effective as a nerve destroyer. On lamps, on boot polish, on soap and towels, she keeps an eagle eye ; but she excels when fires are in question. A boarding-house fire is one of the saddest of sights, and is only a shade better than no fire at all. But I am straying from my subject. I am dealing with the modern Cupid not the modern cupidity. Some of the inexperienced may wonder that they have not in this article struck a batch of marriage statistics ; but let them reflect. A young man who finds himself in lodgings with no chance of escape, except by crime, has few paths open to him. Of course he smokes. As long as he does not use the housemaid's matches that is permitted. But he may give way to drink. He may fall before euchre and poker. He may become enamoured of theatre going. He may plunge into the reckless dissipation of a literary society. He may ruin his health by a round of church socials. He may fall into the idiot stage by becoming a rabid cyclist or a football barracker. But more likely than these is that he begins the insidious practice of going visiting. Like most falls from the strict path marked out by Carlyle and other married men, the disease begins in a small way. All is well till, in drifting round, a cosy house, a pleasant family, and a still pleasanter daughter are encountered. Then bachelor friends may begin to practice the " Dead March '' on the Jews' harp. There is still a ray of hope ; but it vanishes if the victim becomes pre ternaturally particular about dress, and runs in ruinous tailor's bills. The last fell sign is when he studies land agents' advertisements, and gazes wistfully at trays of rings behind the plate-glass of jewellers' shops. Then his friends groaningly save up for wedding presents, knowing how futile will be their attempts to wean him from the primrose path. Finally there is a scene in church, although the kindlier Scottish fashion permits the sacrifice to be made privately. We will draw a veil-not a wedding veil over the pitiable sight of a man, only a few short years before robust, cheerful, and independent, now struggling with a refractory circlet of gold and blushing before the critical eyes of the bridesmaids. And it is thus that the modern Cupid fulfils her predestined work. Here and there some hero struggles on, and dies in a green old age in all the freedom of bachelor dom. But the topic recalls Mirza's bridge. Starting life, fresh from home, the young men strike the long bridge of boats and residence ; the trapdoors of marriage let them fall into the sea of matrimony and only the few gifted with iron digestion, unbreakable cheek, unmitigated bashfulness, unique ugliness or superlative idealism, manage to win to the farther shore. Even they only escape by the skin of their teeth, with abraded tempers and malevolent thoughts towards the Cupid who seeks to drive them through the trap-doors with her broom. Some men escape lightly through living on at home, getting into the by-paths of private life away from the great barracks where our deity flourishes wholesale. The washer-lady may be regarded as an aider and abettors who irons off buttons and perforated garments, but I have not time to enlarge on this aspect of the case. It is enough that I have indicated the guise under which Cupid survives. Perhaps the churches can exercise this heathen deity ; but, like the proverbial Scot, I have my doubts. The sacrifice of our young men on the altar decked with orange blossoms must in that case, go on indefinitely, and the question " What shall we do with our wives ?" becomes annually more pressing. LOVE AND FRIENDSHIP. (From the prize magazine by the St. Andrew's Literary Society.) We, who are apt to boast our great advance ' ! From those long heights of legend and romance Where dwelt our fathers, may at times descry Midst barren peaks sights glorious to the eye. Love all her sister virtues doth transcend, And he is rich indeed who finds a friend. All earthly treasures face, their joys de- part Before that priceless gems loving heart. Where can we find the record of a man, Throughout the myriad years since they began, Who cherished love more true than Jonathan a Son of a King heir to a mighty throne Richly endowed, and yet withal undone. Cursed by a cruel Father's awful crime, "was his hard fate to die before his time And see the sceptre which he hoped to sway Pass from his grasp and from his house away; David, his friend, by a divine decree Destined to wear that glorious crown which he Alone could claim his lawful heritage. Yet his strong love, untouched by envy's rage, Unmoved by all the adverse shocks of fate, Found nought but joy in David's fortune great. Oh, love sublime ! oh, friendship unsur- passed ! As thou withstood disaster's wintry blast So shall thy fame endure the breeze of time Loved and admired in every age and clime ; And we who live in this enlightened age Shall still derive from the inspired page Which tells the story, hopes for happier days When Love shall guide mankind in all his ways. 