A FEED OF '96 Bt Gebtecde Atheetok, in the Detroit FruPrcxs. 'So Ike Brandt died askin' to be buried io Round Valley.' 'That's ' nat'ral enough. Once a Round Valley man; alius a Riond Valley man — dead or It vis'. . He g«t his wife there, too, and she's done 'well by him.1 'Fd like to know who did the killio'.' 'Jest as well you don't. Troth's easier than lyin', when th8 sheriff comes askin' qaestions.' ' W II, I can say Iduano fietenongh, bnt I'm sutpicionin' all the simp, Hick.' 'Look »nt,' said the other darkty. 'It ain't safe to think too loud these times.' He opened the door of the cabin and glaoced uneasily forth. Had his vision been younger the black recesses of the forest would have told him nothing. The hour was seven, but the forest was | on a mountain and its trees were pines, its roof a mass of carved, uplifted, laciDg arms. He closed tbe door and returned to the youugsr man who «tood with his back to the fireplace, his brows drawn together, starlog at the floor. He wore top boots and tbe roogfa mountaineer's co8tome j bnt his beard and hair were carefully trimmed, and his flaonel shirt was fastened with a smath blue tie; Tom Koowles was known on Long Ridge as a bit of a'dude. Tbe old man sat down and filled bis pipe. ' Who be ys suspicionin' !' he asked after an evident effort t > suppress curiosity. 'John Howard himself. Wh— «— t!' The other was too overcome for expletive. He sat staring at Koowles with lips dropping away from hie pipe. John Howard was the cattle king of Long Ridge, the biggest man in North Mendocino aud Sontb Trinity. ' But he ain't never iu these parts,' added Hick, after a moment. 1 Least ways he ain't been for two years or more.' ' I seen him not twenty minutes be fore the murder within half-a-mile of Ike'e ranch. He was alone, aud he was sku'kin' among the trees. ' But faow'd you be sure 'twas him ! It must have been dark euoogh by then — 'twixt eix and seven.' ' I was closer to him than 1 -am to you. He didn't see me. I was lyin' ou the ground — bad beeo asleep ; I opened my eyee,and there 'most walkin' over me, was John Howard He was on his colt. Trinity, tbe one that cow- | puncher of hi, S»m Slick, broke in for trail folio win'. Ha had on a liubt grey suit, and what they call down to Weaver, a cbevi-<t shirt — they come from Naw York, and aro fine enough for a. woman's Sunday frock — and a straw bat with a dark ribbon round it. He looked mor'n as if he was going to call en hie best eirl than to do murder, I only he was scowlin black -as bell, and "them eteel bloe ryes of his was hard as glass.' i ' But he ain't the man to dirty his I hands with killio1 moan'ain folk. One i of his cow-punchers could do the hnsiness for him, and no risk ran any where. Git -out. . I ain't going to believe Mr.- Howard's any such dog- 1 goued fool as that/ ' Ike had killed his hoss cow-puncher, there ain't jubch doubt about that.' ' Well — good lord/ ' ' And he's eiven him more trouble than all the anti-Howards put together. If it hadn't beeo for Ike — to my mind, and Fve good reason for .thiukin' so — Mr. Howard's cattle would be browsin' I in R muii Valley thia minntr. -If it |-waro't Ike Brandt that started the 1 whole feud then III engage to drop six Howard cow-punch ere myself — and I'm a real law-abidih' citizen.' -The alder man-rattled his pipe among his. large, brown,. infrequent teeth. .A coal fell on his ragged beard, but burnt its way unheeded. Hickory Mott was something of -a hermit; his wife was dead, his children married. The nearest house was four miles away. He dearly loved a bit of gossip ; and gossip on LtngRidge, these days, had much of the early Callfornlan flavour. ' I want ter know,' ha said eagerly. 'Do; tell. me. He's dead now—poor. Ike —eo it usc't hurt' ' It's just what I've picked np here and there, puttin' two and two together. Ike was as peace -lovin' and iaw- abidio »8 any of us, in' epite -of that ogly temper ' of hie. ' Ho never ' cared for whisky, loved to faear Sally play the planner, and sit with his. wife by tbe fire in the evenin'e while .she mended, or ontside aud watch the sun set in summer. There - warn't' rio "happier household on Xiohg: Ridge,'- and - that's sayin' a good deal. -But when Mr. Howard's csttie took to appropriatin' Round Valley, and then " the hull range, and when six families, io eucoes- aion was prevented one way and another from comio' and. eettlin' on the Ridge, then his-dander got up and he couldn't do rib thin' for-aaolid year hot talk aboat-it Of conree, everybody was talkin', bnt fae had the most . to 'nay. Then, all of a sadden, he shut hp; never had another woid to, eay about the-faustneei r Now,; Fv8 "good reason tothinkthathe picltedhia men— cimong that eaug the rest nf us left alone, and who are ol ways epoQin' for a fight— end prgamB ia' regularfeua. "Eiret, I iuriM, they mdyiuitended toill tiie battle; font from .cattle tomenain't:.h lohg itride tiAen . falbbd'a up, and how to their account, and thel&wardiF; too'. . The pld man heaveda prohmndgh.' 'Itengffidge'iiirtriiatStotedytoSe.l tees a mile from anywhere these days is Sally Brandt. She don't eeem to be afraid of nothlo'. I met her on the Divide the other day, and told her she'd better make tracks for hum before it got dark, bat she only laughed in my face. Be you thlnklo' of manyio' Sally !' Tie other drew his . brows together. ' I ain't got no chance. Thit school- marm end too much book-loarnin' bus spoiled Sally for rough mountain men. When she was 16 she was jnet perfect, put that's four years ago, and she's - awful changed.' ' Yes, she fob, she be'. But she's got to marry some time, and I'd like to know what chance but the likes of you she'll ever get np here. She's never even been to Weaver only once. How- eomever, got any more to tell about Brandt and the fend ! ' Only this— that Howard's a mighty smart chap if he -is a dude and don't know how moch money he's got-, Y»u cau be eure that he's found cot long be fore this who his worst enemy was, and to eit down and be walked over ain't his style. Ike's life had been attempted three times before, you remember. Howard got tired of bungliu' cow- punchers ; tnat's the long and tbe short i of it.' ' It sounds shout right. It eonods. about right. But I can't git 'rcnod to thiukin' that Mr Howard'd do anything underhand — at least he wouldn't crawl up behind a man and abuot him. How- somever, be you goin' to tell Tim Lathrop yer suspicious when be comes 'round inquirin'S' ' Not I. I'd have a bullet in me be fore sundown. Don't you shoot off your mooth neither. Leaitways, dou't give me away. Well, e'iong. ' I'll bring you over the papers in a day or two, 8ooo'8 tbe old man gets through. They're stili -faackiu' et the Armenians, bnt Venezuela's takin' a rest Guess Grover knows what he's aboot.' ' Keep yonr pistol faandy,' said the. old man following him out. ' It's awfu' hard to tell who's wbo In these woods at night, and yon might be took for Howard, The hull ridge'll be just wild to-morrow.' Koowles laughed aud sprang ou his horse. ' Oh, my pistol's al ways handy these times', be said, and rode rapidly through the shadows, his keen moun tain eyes keeping bis horse to tbe narrow trail without a second's reflection. 'He cantered along easily for four miles, then turned bis horse at a cross trail and nrged it op a steep grade. In a few moments he came upon a large clearing, iu the foreground of whicb was a spacious log house, surrounded by a flower garden. Behind.;, were wheat fields, mo orchard and a vegetable garden, fa an iDclnsure on a slope close to the forest a numder of cows lay in tb«ir first sleep. It looked the home of a prosperous farmer, a bright oasis in the black ' wilderness of pines. . A numbtr of horsey were tethered to tbe fence that inclosed the little garden of gerauiams, fachsia? and roses. Koowles sprang to the ground, tethered his horse and went rapidly up the walk. The door opened and a girl looked oot. 'Is that you, Tom KuowleBl' she asked coldly. ' The coroner has beeo twenty minutes, and everything is wait- iag for yon.' ' You don't mean it! I'm tbat sorry. I made sure he coaldu'c get here before 9.' ' Well, be did. Please go iBto the parlour.' " Kuowles held nut his band, but she turned her back and walked down the hall. He opened the door of a room on the right and entered. It was a large room, with a set of red plash furniture ranged stiffly along walls that were papered and further decorated with framed lithographs from Christmas weeklies. Ail of the chairs and the two sofas were occupied by men dressed in the rough garb of. a mountaineer. Some of the faces were pale ; all were eteru. The room was lit by three smok ing lamps. Oo a long table in the middle of the room lay a dead body covered with a sheet. Koowles saluted the coroner, and stood against the- wall ; there was no vacant chair. The coroner rose and cleared bis throat. ' Seeing as Mr. Knowlea has come,' he said, ' we might as well get to business. If anyone present has any information to commapicate about "this outrageous affair, will ha please rise' and communicate tbe same |' There was no answer. Two or three men moved nneasily. ' No ; I thought not. You're all too afraid of your precious ekine.' One of the men sprang to his feet. He . was a man of .middle years, with a frank eye and powerful jaw. . ' There ain'c tio co wardice about .this ysre sua' ter. Mr. Coroner. We ain't tellin' nothin', because we ain't got pothiu' to tell. But we propose to have a good deal; to tell later, This feud between cowpunchere was "bad emnigb, hut we. kep ont of it because it:was noue of cur business, and all we've been askia' heretofore is to prosper a little, and raise our families nnd; live and die io peace. But now tbat one of us, and as good a manga ever came enter Round Valley, has been shot down at his'. own door by one of Howard's mnrderin' blackguards, we'vs come' to the coadamon that it'n time to git . a move -ou. ' In short," Mr. Coroner, we propose to. take this investigation iu hand, and we don't need the Assistance of coroners, nor- of. nheriffs, neither. Axin' yer pardoo. eir. hnt that's the < way we feel abbnif .it j and it's: only . kind to tell ye, for you waste valuable time every time you come ap here,to eay nothiD' bf &e1fapt; that the corpse la nsuslly decomposed. ThiB time it ain't, aa-rou h&ppehed; to'fae visitiri,'"bn theHiride, bnt\itd6Btt®ll younnlhln all the same. To.morrow night sveMla goiu'totekelke down tbRhund Valley and bijjhim.J,ana titter that no Workll be done on .L'tng Ridge tlll thev bbiir- derer'e f onnd.; -That'e al/'- - - f "Tfie" Swonfer5": amHeii ;'e!lgktiy, hot. f witfa; tomB eterance.;' And fmay I hope,; Ur.'Wbite/faaieBk fravefonnd hitnwbawill xnrnhim bver now. When. we git our man, we'll at tend to him without troubliu' Weaver. ' But I hope, Baid the coroner hastily, 'that you will do nothing rash. Pray be sure tiiat you have the right man before you lynch bim. Yon are taking a fearful responsibility.' ' We're equal to it. And we'll take blamed good care wo're not haugin' the wrong man.' The'coroner shrugged his shonlders. He was not sorry to be rid of the case; He had been called to Long Ridge too frequently of late, and woald not have been eorry if its Inhabitants had taken the whole matter of the feud into tbeir own bands, and kept their proceedings as dark as tbeir forests. Very well,' he said. ' Mr. Thomp son, as foreman of tbe jury, will you kindly bring in the verdict. An elderly man stood np, glanced about, and npon being reassured by many emphatic n«ds," <-ai'i : ' There ain't - but one npioion,- aQd it's this : Ike Brandt ' was murdered, and as there's only two parties as is mnrderin' these days— Howards and anti- Howards —and sb fae was a anti-Howard, there ain't oo doobt about his bavin' been murdered by a Howard. That's all.' ' Thanks. The deceased, Ike Brandt, met his death at tbe hands of an enemy at present unknown. Good evening, sirs. ' I hope you may be more fortu nate than I have been. I will send the certificate io due course.' 'Even in', sir.' He left tbe room. KoowIps" looked over his head into tbe passage, then closed the door and walked to the feet of the corpse. F<>r a moment fae did not speak, but stood scanning each face in turn. The men stirred nneasily. In the spurting flames of tbe badly trimmed lamps the corpse seemed to move. Through the oppn window came the low, monotonous chant of tbe pines. . . 'Fellow citizens,' said Knowlea im pressively, 'I see that I am among friends. I have an important commnui- cation to make.' IL At fonr o'clock next morning Sally Brandt let herself softly ont of tbe honse. She went to the barn, saddled a mustang, and was leading ij; through the garden when a window was thrown open and a woman's bead, the face Bwo'len from weeping, was thrnet forth. 'Sally Brandt,' the woman cried, hoarsely, ' where he yon goln' at this hoar of tbe mnrnin'f ' I'm eorry I wakened yon, mother,' replird Miss Brandt composedly. ' Bat I knew that the Hills and the Perrys and the Speers woald want to come to father's funeral, and as I couldn't sleep' I thought I'd go and tell them myself. ' But land eakes, girl, it's a ride of 20 mile and more. Ynn'll be in nice trim to ride twenty more to Round Valley to-night, with yonr poor father's corpse. Seems to me yon're alius doio' queer tbines thee days.' ' You know that some days I am in tbe saddle for twelve hours at a stretch. Thia won't hurt me. Besides, when I get to tbe Ferry's I cau ask Henry to go and tell the others. Now, go to bed and try to sleep, Mrs. Brandt slammed the window, aod Sally sprang to tbe mustang's back, and rode rapidly into the forest. The white mist of early morning was there, giving a certain vagueness to the tall black trees ; and both were motion- : less. It was tike entering ghost-land, the girl thought with a little shudder and a tightening of the lips. Her own face was as white as the fog, and her black lashes were only baif responsible for the darkness surrounding her eyes. In ordinary conditions Stliy Brandt woald have developed into a handsome, h«zel-eyed, black-haired mountain girl, and nothing more ; those of the better class were bnxom creatures, with a striking uuiformity of figure and com plexion, whatever their variety of eye and . hair: Bat four years since the clever and lonely district school teacher bad first taken a fancy to Sally's pretty. shy ways, then discovered that much could be'done with her mind. Sally qoickly developed intellectual ambition, an insatiable love of faooka— for which ber father sent to Sen Fran cisco by the doz-n — and a habit of thinking. Honrs of stndy when other girla were in the fields had sharpened her features soinewhat and drawn the blood from her cheeks; hot ber eyes sparkled with intelligence ; -and on her brow and in the. carriage of her fine figure there was a certain noble arro ganco which would have made her salient in a city ; in these wilds she was as abiding a subject of gossip and dis- approval as John Howard, the high handed cattle-kiog. She had kept her health by. long daily rides, and, in cons-qnence, knew every trail of the forest ; she was in no danger of losing her way, even in a heavy fa- Hbp rode along rapidly, the mist closing behind her, the frees starting into shape before and on either side. Bnt gradually the fog began to sway gently, then to move eoftly to the west, then abruptly it went with' a rash, and into the wide black aisles of the forest atrock the first shafts of the sun. The rmuBtang shied slightly, and Miss Brandt gave a swift glance to the right; three rough mounds rose there; beneath were ; recent victims of the fond-' She gave the mustang a sharp, taste of the, whip, and be started ou-a bird Tan, tile small hand on the bridle keeping faim' to the trail. Bnt sod- deoly be was .palled up so short that he danced -for a. moment on hie hind lego, jth'a to-me down to all fnnrs with, an .;angry sooit- Another rider; waa approaching leisurely, through the traes,'" It was a man, and he mire a rashionably ont Boitofgray tweedanda straw-fast; He lifted the : bat >s ba recognised Mite" ;Ri»nai ,id(,'Sabcfafmifayfab ;«yes.„.of . the: ;Ajmfcnaanfeufura (pasting intoyie wflotited toawairm ffire.ind qrl'ptidi', iSbadepHer/«hd » faertioedMbatide Perrys, and have been riding half th- night ' ' Are yon mad !' she aBfeed' ' Yon most be to have come np here at ail ' 'I am afraid I am ' ' No more of thatf please.' Then as he smiled she added hastily: 'Of course yon have not heard f 'Heard what!' ' What happened a few minutes after yon left me the other evening.' ' My fattier was shot down in his own corral, and died a few hours later." 1 Good God 1 and by one of my men, I eoppose f She made no.reply, but averted her face. 'If I expressed the sympathy I feel,' he eaid after a moment, 'you woald probtb'ly care as little .for it as you do for my love. Of course, yon' reg»rd me as practically yonr father's murderer.' The blood flew to -faer faalr, and fasr dilated eyes swept the forest «n all sides. ' I forgot for the mo m ent,' .she stammered. . - Tbat wss what I came ont for ; to God yon, if I conld, aod warn yon. I listened to . the coroner's jory last night; I couldn't help it; the men— tbey. were all friendB of father's —said that tbey were going to take matters into their own bands, trail the monotaios Until they found the mnr- derer, and lynch him. After the coroner bad gone ont Tom Koowles told them that he had seen yon near the honse a few minutes before the murder and before he got through he made them all believe tbat yon did it. They'll bnry father to -night, and then they'll find ont if yon've gone back to Weaver, and if yon have they'll go; dona -in a body and take; yon ont bf yonr honse at night and lynch yon. I want yon to go to Ban Francisco, and stay there notil they've found the right man/ ' Tom Knonles is in love with yon, I suppose.' ' Yes, I think he is/ 'And he has doubtless seen as to gether/ 'I am afraid he has/ ' 'If his life bad been threatened, would you have taken this risk to warn him f ' No/ Her face was again averted, bnt she flashed deeply. He pat hie long arm ronnd her anddenly, holding her so tightly that she c'inid not move, and bringing hie fees close to here. ' Then yon do love me,' he eaid, deliberately. ' Otherwise yon wonld have been glad to see me lynched, for, like all the rest yon regard me as the enemy of the entire district. You might have heard me oot day be fore yesterday before treating me as if I were a libertine for whom lynching would be too good — — .' She was trembling, bat she looked him eteedily io the eyes. ' Do yon tnesn to tell me,' she asked, ' that yon intended to ask me to marry y<m — then! Yon do now, perhaps ; yon are different this morning, somehow ; bnt tbe other day — Fll oot believe——' 1 won't undertake to say what I in tended to do the othor day. I followed yon np here because, although I only met yon twice at Weaver, yon attracted me more than any woman I bad evt-r seen ; I hardly knew how much notil yon had gone. Then I followed yon, driven by the impulse only; I bad no intention of being precipate. Daring oar first foar meetings yoa certainly had nothing to .complain of. Night be fore last I lost my head. The forest, the hoar, and yonreelf justified it. I am not goiog to say any more by way of explanation. "Will yon marry me T ' I am not yonr social eqaal. Yonr fine friends in Sao Francisco would nut receive me / ' Wouldn't they I I wonld like to see any of them tarn the cold shoulder on my wife. Yoa know the world very little my dear. I will take yon take yon abroad, and in a year's time yon will be smarter than any at them. You'd do well enoagh now,' he added hastily. ' Let it console yoa know that several of oor fungi are ehaky on theirgrammar.' She turned her head restlessly. It had come too suddenly. She wanted time to think. Bat yoa mast go now,' she said. Every minute adds to tbe danger " If yoa go with me/ Bat she shook her head with decision this time. ' That is oat of the question. I cannot desert my mother. Yon wonld not have much faith in me if I did. After' tbe general— I'll — I'll— see.' I'm not going on and such vagne promisees that I'll stay, at Ferry's ' No ! No !' Her voice rose to a scream. Yoa mast get ont of these mountains as quick as yon can. Have yon up fear at all !' He hesitated. He knew the temper of men, even good men, when possessed of a fixed idea and determined to lynch. Bnt he had held life in his hand more than once, and patting the nncertainty of woman's affections ont of the question he did not relish the idea of showing his heels. . In a moment: he replied, ' I am going home with yon now, and I shall .go to the funeral to- night.' The girl began to eob. ; But the while that feminine terrors possessed faer, she thrilled with pride at the in solent courage of the man. He tightened hie arm and panned anna- iogly: ' Betides, I never coaid find my .way oat of these: forests alone; when night . came I should be hope lessly lost. Not one of my, herdt-rs woald have the courage ti fa" eeen with met and yoa .refuse to be my guide. So there is nothing for me hat to stay. Cotne/fcua me. Then. let ns go back." Battbe .ann was high when tbey- left tfae farest and .rode toward the . clearing. Six of the jurymen, including" Knowlee, who had stept at the faanee, were Bitting on tfae front porch. They sprang to tbeir feet and - stared open-mouthed at. the approaching figortiL; If S»Uy frit ;« tremor tits gave no .sign.; ; :Hr head was' 'a "trifle ; "higher than qbdsL She and Hbwtid dismounted, tethered their -horses and walked directly op to the -porch.. " ----- ... Gottittormug, mlghfaoieaidSally.: ? Mrrjwardfaaa ramewitotae because tleV""" ie fiw®.; We are to be married liwxt-'moitite-,":; >"3 I jiiifllifti'iti Tmwi ? ilwjliijil) coldly. ' Yon should know something about it. After hiding in the bushes tbe evening before last in order to witness an interview between Miss Brandt and myself, yon .followed ber home. I followed yon for some distance —until Miss Brandt was well ont of tbe forest— and yon went towards the car rel, where, I understand, her father was shot' It was a chanoe shot, bat Howard, like all intrepid Americans, was an adept at the great national game of blnff. Asa matter of fact, be had neither seen Knowlea on the evening in question, nor suspected his presence. .. Knnwles went livid, bat he too was an American, aod no craveD. He turned eagerly to the others, who were staring confusedly at each accoaed in in turn. Yon see !' he cried. ' He acknowledges as bow he was there, not twenty yards away and we all know it was to his interest to pat Ike ont of the way. What good does Ike's death do me I What bad I agip. Jim !' \- I did not accuse yon, Mr. Koowles,' said Howard. 'I merely thought that if. you were on the premises yon might know more abnnt the affair than yon have so far admitted,' White stepped forward. ' Yon know, Mr. Howard, that we believed as how yon was guilty, and intended to lynch yon,1 he asked. "I did,' said Howard, haughtily. 'Bnt have no expectation of being lynched. Yon are not the sort of men to condemn without a trial, I take it, I shall conduct my own case, ' and I think I can convince yon .that yon will require mure proof than tbat very in terested person can furnish. Tbat will do for tbe present. I -shall attend the fanerat to-oight. At present I shall tske the breakfast which Miss Brandt has been good enoagh to promise me.' He fallowed Sally into the honse. To the mountaineers, need to living with their lives in their hands, no quality appealed eo strongly as courage. This man's— which was one half reck lessness and contempt— overawed them. White turned to. his fellow judges, ' He most have a fair trial,' he said, firmly. ' We must forget that we have cause to hate faim, and that we were glad of an excoee to be lieve him guilty, and to pot bim oot of the way, and see this business throneh Tom, I'm not snspectin' yon, of coarse, bat as he suspicions yi>n as mach as yon bim, you've got to stand trial, too — and every other man tbat so much as a little finger pats to. Am I not right, neighbours f 'Yoa be,' came in a deep growl. Koowles tamed on hie beel and 8' rode away. One of the other men was ordered to keep him in eight. The others galloped .off to summon the neighbours t > tbe funeral and subse quent iril. Howard went to bed and efept till late in tbe afternoon. HI. At 4 o'clock the procession started for- Ronnd Valley, A rough coffin had been made by two or three of the dead man's friends. Thia wbb strapped firmly to a bier, and carried on tbe shonlders of six mountaineers, who were to be relieved every third mile. Jnet behind the bier rode Mrs. Brandt and her son, wbo was a year yonnger than Sally ; the oomerons small chil dren had been sent to a neighbour. Sally followed with Howard,, who bad late siege to Mrs Brandt's affections daring the afternoon, and won them. Behind came the mountaineers, two and two, Hie march was necessarily slow. It was very trying to Howard aod Sally. She was . begioing to react from the surprise aod excitement that bad kept grief at bay, and Howard wonld have liked to drop ont of tbe procession with her and follow far in the rear. Bnt he knew that the act would be misconstrued and that they wonld be less free of surveillance than where they were. Besides, the rongh mountain forest road would cause more than one break in tbe ranks He pressed his horse close to hers aod took ber bead. Bat he talked little ; the solemnity of the ' scene oppressed him, so seldom in coo- tact with the sombre boors of life. Night cune ; the sky was overcast ; not a ray of light from above penetrated the forest. The men ignited tbe torches tbey had brought, and held them aloft, walking one and one, for the trail narrowed. Howard glanced over his shoulder more than once. The flaring line on the steep asceot above might have been a thin belt of forest fire. It threw tbe rest of the foreBt into blacker shadow, shifted the features of the men nutil they looked like grotesque demons I Below there were two torches only, one behind and one before the coffiu, which was zigzagged painfully amoug the crowding trees and brash. Howard drew his hand across his brow and wondered if San Fran cisco existed ; be might have been as sisting at the birth of; a continent's mviiiratinn; tbat it was 1896 was incredible. > Aud suddenly be realised his danger. These men, walking and riding twenty miles at night "through the heart of an almost trackless forest, still the home of the pautber and the grizzly, to bnry » dead comrade, had been fare to face with nature and danger all the days of their iivte. Life was a serious matter to them, they had never had a super fluous dollar, never known a cynical moment, aud as the peace and safety of their homes meant more to . them than »11 his millions meant to John Howard, they had resolved to crash a food whicb was near to driviog Ithem mad with Anxiety. ; Panic oomss to the bravest men. It overwhelmed Howard suddenly ;' his brain' emptied itself of every faculty, be .was, possessed by a frantic desire to es cape from these men yvbd might hang jhijp At dawn. He tfarhst his head tiowu between his ahoatdara, ' peering from rigai/fai) /left The farotii -was little ieas Bolid thaa wall. His heart -seemed melting through his ribs. The breath JiBaed through his shrnnken iip&; Snddanly ha baoame awarejthat Bally was. speaking to him, that ber month wak Almost at his etar. ' Are Mijll Tehe whispered. « Yonr band ;n||pbold-Ag ice.' " - . - ' ; ." . ;' v-" nqma. H« wa« grateful lor the foiaok- nemoftfae night tiutefaid his %«t mod ' I had a chill, I think. I have them sometimes.' ' Yon don't regret this !' she asked shyly. ' Yen are running a terrible risk, although I cannot believe that they wonld dare to harm yon. Bnt I should like to hear you aay that you are not sorry/ I love you more, far more, than when we started down the mountain. Perhaps you understand why — and that I can have no regrets. I don't be lieve, either, tbat l hey will lisng me; aud if they don't; we have a good chance for happiness, you and I, I think/ She drew his band suddenly to her heart and held it there. It was the first voluntary car<<8s that she had given him. She, too, was deeply stirred by the aolemui'y of tbe night and scene ; even more so than he ; grief for her lust father was crowding close on the beels of spent excitement, and threatening a sodden and overwhelmiog leap. All that kept it from its rights was the har rowing of fear, flouted bnt insistent. The panic did not retoro, bnt the long monotonous hours of that night were the most serious of John Howard's life. He refused to contemplate the possibility of another night finding him ae cold as the clay jolting before him, but he thought on many of the things that troop through the brains of men in their final hour, and made resolutions as new to him as was the sadden ac quaintance with his inner life. It was four in tbs morning when they descended the almost perpendicnlar trail leading into Round Valley. Far away, at the opposite end of the im mense valley, tbe huts of the Indian reservation and the barracks of the company io charge clang to the earth like the mounds above bur,ed Chini- cbinich chieftains. There were many farm booses. A chnrch, snrronnded by rode wooden crosses and head stones, and an occasional gleam of marble, stood lonely by the white road side. On all sides towered the black, perpendicular mountains. They made directly for tbe church. The minister, who had beeo notified, was waiting ; the grave was dug. Howard lifted Sally from her horse and half carried her to the head of the open grave. She trembled and clung to him. The men crowded in and stood, bare headed in the narrow paths. No one of the party made a eonud, not even Mrs. Brandt, wbo stared stonily at the coffin, twisting her bands. The mini, eter read the service and made a prayer. The c«ffin was lowered by the grave- diggers, tbe earth shoveled in. When the mound was complete White stepped forward : ' Mr. Pareon,' be said, 1 will yon kindly go ter bom, now. We want to have a talk right here, and, axing yonr pardon, we're better off without yoo. The grave-diggera aiu't got no call to stay, neither.' Tbe parson wondering, but glad to seek his bed, departed at once ; the grave biggers shouldered their spades shambled across tbe silent fields. ' Fellow-citizens, said White. ' There ain't no better place to try a man than by i he murdered man's grave. I vote tbat if the guilty one is among as we find ont before the sun gits over that mountain. We kin du it.' The supreme moment bad come. Howard was divided between gratitude that it had come so unexpectedly, and an uncontrollable horror. He wonld have given half of bis millions for the conventional surroundings of a court room, not because he knew thst the law of the state wunld never hang a rich man, bat because be longed for the commonplace, tbe accustomed. The weirdnesa of the scene : the great black- ribbed valley, tbe awfal majesty of the mountains, the gray dawn, tbe appall- t ing silence, the dead beneath bis feet, the determined, emotionless men in tbeir picturesque garb, forced a mind more or less the slave of habit, into the attitude of helpless tremor which civilization must ever experience when at the mercy of nature. It was not even the lynching eceue of tradition. Bnt he gave no sign, and when Sally, with a stifled scream, flnng her arms abont him, he led her over to her motfor and asked her to stay there. Then he walked to tbe foot of tbe grave and faced hie accusers, ' Mr. Howard,' said White, ' we have come to the conclnsion that ae yon had the most caose to vaut ike Brandt dead it is more far yoa to prove yon didn't commit the murder thau for us to prove ye did. Where was yon at quarter to 7 o'clock on Tuesday eveain' !' _ ' I was in the forest, ridiug in the direction of Perry's.' 'And jon was alone ? There was no one with yon at a quarter to sevtn to ptove tbat yon was ridin away from ike Brandt's ranch V ' I was alone.' He was in fall control of himself by this, and he laughed. ' There are no other qaestions you can ask me that will establish either my innocence or guilt ; you cau produce no one to swear that he saw me do the kiltiug. Do you mean to eay -that yon would cunvict any man on eoch flimsy circnmetintia! evidence aa yon have established io my case 1 That wonld not be justice, bnt cold blooded murder, for you have not even the excase of the ordinary lyncber'a ex citement.' Kaowles stood beside him. Howard tamed with a ewift move ment; caught faim by the collar and fluog him to his koees on tbe damp grave. 'Tom Koowles,' -he eaid solemnly, 'swear by all that yon hold mMt.aaored, that you did not mnrdar the man over whose body yon are kneeling/ There was a moment of such In tense and breathless eilenre that Howard could faear the wind rising in the pine-tops on the mountain. But the man under his hand did not tremble. He crested fais hande and eaid solemnly: I sweat that I did not kill Ike Brandt —and that ! believe John Howard did.' Howard stepped back, loosening faia bold. He saw that ho had made mistake. Superstition is strong in the heart of the civilized: it is monarch in brein..of the untutored. These men shook with - awe as their comrade Mitated iris -accusation almost on the breast of the murdered , man ; and as they turned wi bne suxord to Howaxd hi) reed faia doom ih their eyes. | White etepped forward again, aria . laoe was as gray as dawn. 'Mf. /Hiriri that onr circumstantial evidence don t amount to much, bat, all the same, we know yon dona it. Every one of us, air, knows that yoo murdered Ike. And you shows yonr guilt in yonr face, air : it's whiter'n the whitewash on that there chnrcb. I'm sorry, sir, for you're powerful plucky, and we respect tbat. I own I kinder hoped we'd 6ud someone else was the guilty par>y. But be ain't ; net even one of your ci'W- pancheTB was within ten miles of the place that day. We've been doin' a good deal of inqoiriu' and investigtm' since yon showed up yesterday, and, sir, Ike didn't have ano'her enem. iu the world.' He paused a moment, a vibrating and horrible pause. ' Perry,' he said finally, ' you kin take Mrs. Brandt and Sally hum. We'll finish up here.' But if Howard's face was livid it was not from fright. Imagination had twice centralised the iron in bis blend, but fact, after the first moment of per plexity. bad thrown him into a passion of anger and will to live. He was filled with a furious scorn of tbe bo rj who had presumed to sit in judgment j upon him, aod a desire to humiliate j them with defeat. He knew that he j had only one hope — to reach the re- j serration and place himself under the j protection of the company at tbe agency. It was a forlorn hope, for hie horse was jaded, bnt it wa9 worth try ing, He made a leap backnard,fl nging out hie fists and bitting two of tbe lynchers c u-biDg blows in the face. The act was greeted by a roar. These a>.iunt"ineers were men of nature alter all ; 'h- ir borrowings fr n civi lira' ion weie very meager, and wholly binary. The -blood OD their courses' facee awakened ibe savage, let 'o -se the c -n- Burning haired of poor man for capi talist. In a sec ud they were no longer judges, they were anarchist-. They l-aped over the graves, struggling witb each O her to get at the man who stood f r power and oppression, SDd whom Prnvi-teoce had given into tb-ir bands H-ward saw 'bat esr-ape was Impr-s-'ble. He sprang back agam-t tbe church wall and met tbe onslaught with well planted blow-. 11- was a scientific b XT Bnd br ke uior- thau one arm used to the rifle and sb> t-gou only. Bnt be knew that bis advantage was one of seconds. He could not even get at hie pistoi. He vie no ma ch for twenty men — forty huge fis s. Be had a sodden bideoos visinD of a revolving body dangling from the tree ahoie Brandt's grave. But he could g-t at bis pistol in time j to piev-t t tlia'. Then, suddenly, everything w.n1 red. A great flame shot up before him, mingled with a curi "us automatic screech. An in n j wedge seemed to drive straight through his biaiD, and he went down. Hp opened his eyes. Sally's white face was close to his, an infernal bot mufi-d bowling surrounded him. He lift'd his head; be w-s inside the cfautch. 1 What does it mei'-l' he a-k-d. ' How did ye e-t in h r- f 4 1 and ma set fire them a- t -. surtonori'o yon. | |>a,i abiX- im-t- e I iu my pocket. Their cl>. i.e nd i I - were very ur>, and caitgM like lind, r j Of c -iira- lb v cr.U'd r„l. ..i, toe aod put it ont ; and I Itr- gg-t you in here ja.-t aft-r one of to in hi' yn. I have l.-cked the door. Th-y n.iit break i>- heie. H"W we'll ev-r get ou I don't know ; but we're safe for the present, and that's the main p.-in:. Does yonr b- ad hurt T ' I hardly know. Yon are a won derful girl. Only a California girl would ever have thought of such a thing.' Suddenly the noise outside cea-ed. Sail) put down Howard's bead gently, and e' and Ug oil one nf the pews looked out . f the window. 1 It's Hickoiy 5Iott,' ehe said. ' H-V just ridd-n to. He lives in a cahi ahuut four miles from us. £ wonder what be waote. He's got a boodle of papers in hia band.' She lifted the window caoti ubIj, bent her ear t" the narrow openin,. Tbe words spokm by Hickory came distinctly t-- Howard. ' I ain't one to sweep and I only fuuud this yen bundle last night. It was where Tom Kuowles was stannic' ; and jedgin' from the conten's there ain't umcb doubt as how be drapped it. He owed Ike all be ever bad, and there was no bin' but ' fae-e paper-" to prove it. I come as quick as I could, for alth. neb I ain't no friend < f ilr. Howard's nor auy other larnaiion capitalist, I don't belt- ve in kiliin' a man fur wbat he didn't do.' There was a silence, which to the man lying on the floor of the church seemed to slip aluug the mouths into tbe following year. He was strogg ing to bis feet when Sa'ty closed tbe window shaiply and dropped to the floor. Her eysB were dilated and she pot her hands to her earr. From without came a single, gurgling shriek: then, again, eilsDce. 