CHAPTER II. The next evening, when Stephen came home, about 9 o'clock, I noticed that he looked very disturbed ; he gave me a sign, unnoticed by his mother, to follow him into the next room. "Father," he said, as soon as we were alone. "it's just what I suspected; our Myra is meeting that follow Ringwood clandestinely. I saw them together at Charing-cross station this evening." 'i Before I could make any remark upon this startling intelligence there was a loud knock 's at the street-door. e " I hat is he I" I exclaimed. . and immediately afterwards the servant Sadmhnitted Iyra, accompanied by Ringwood. *f Myra was locking very pale, and I could not help observing that her companion did I not appear to be at all himself. a I was clearing my throat to demand an e explanation when Ringwood said, abruptly, e " eshton, will you give me a bed to-uieht ? I, feel tired, and out of sorts. Put me any 5 where ; on a sofa, or on the kitchen table. I could sleep on a gridiron." a '. h, certainly, itr hiugwood," put in my e wife, eagerly. " We shall only be too i pleased. ' he spare room is quite ready." " Would you mind if I were to go to bed 3 at once ?" r" But you will have some supper first ?" t ".so, thank you; it is only two hours 1 since I dined." I My wife quitted the room at once to see to things, and Myra follewed her, saying she I had a headache and should go to bed. 1 Ringwood dropped into a chair like a man : who was dazed or under the influence of some great shock. Stephen :looked at me significantly. I knew wbat,he meant, but I was so agitated " tblt my tonge ,,clave to the roof of 'my mouth and I fb6llpd it. quite impossible to Sspeak.what was in my mind, "Ashtoo, said Blungwoo, with such .sunddentiss thathe ma4de;ip jump, "if any one hogld call dA:lk for me, whether hy Snat btodscrip~.ntill yot.say .I am not i)fre"that t-heriid.~aneijn the house but i ?rPownP family 2!.." :i'Ye-es, certainly," I.saitd, ",if you wish ie did not seem to. notice may hesitntion or the ill-graceof miy manner, `bit added, very enmphatically :." Then.! shall relymppon you, At thkt:ioment say wife came ,ing to say i that all was-ready for mny.dnwelcome guest. , e wisbedus: *l good-ight and.?followed' the servant upstairs. " Wt'htever is the matter Witeverybody ?" ettlaited ,my better half. ".You and ateptiend:look .as If ybun h. seen .a ghost. .I ,M1yra''gone to, bed . ooipnainian, : an even ,..I r ?tinPo f is ti it,si e imself," : S-tephw e sid sme thing.ah6itt the weather, which was ~oggy and drizzlingga; toz . turn the subject I askeh 1 i m what news there was in the evening paper. , . "I don't know, I have never opened it," he said, producing one from his pocket. As he hastily scanned the latest intelli gence he. uttered an exclamation : ' , he dynamuiturds are at it again !" he said. Stephen readout a paragraph which briefly related how;a man had been observed be having in a suspicious manner in West minster Hall about five o'clock that evening. The constable who noticed him, failing to act promptly, had suffered the person to relude his'vigilance, but immediately after wards he discovered a bomb, the fuse of which had been lighted but. would not burn. The writer added that the suspected indi- 4 vidual was not unknown to the police, and was supposed to be a very dangerous mem ber of the Clan.na- ,ael, who had been stay ing for . several weeks.at the Westminster. Palace HoteL at those last words Stephen raised his eyes 1 to mine, and it needed no word to tell me that he waS thrilled by the same awful thought as myself It was more than a 1 .4ouiA.;.it4.it shedl ipdii me...with the cer- I tainty"t fvewn ction. "What sr<retch !" exclaimed my wife. '4What a atupidfellow that4constable must have been to lose sight of him. I do hope ] they.will traee-hm." ' .Very quickly I determined upon my course .. of.action. I did! not want to be mixed up in such a terrible. business as this; I had been receiving this man as a personal friend ; my wife and daughter had been going to theatres 1 and other public places with him. How did I know what suspicion might fall upon me ? It was clearly my duty to call in the pohce. But if I did so, tLere might be murder; he might shoot one or two of us. No; let the 1 people who were paid for this business look ofter h'j." The best thing I could do would I .be ok get, him ou? fof the house before any i harm ckme to it. . ,litbbiit~,tying.,a word I. uitted the room,1 ..went 9pstrs, and knoc l ,tast Ringwoord's 4 $ 4s,.'o':;,jt ,?Sni 5b ,. h said; -" I must ;A t i9,)r aonewith u? Has any ?onr$-? !!,, .he asked from.i within. " No one; I pledge'ounmy.word. l.amn 'I algae,,'? ICnwered. ..Th.e kegwps turned in hd thb ,Wixt ,joment : he stod I. : a?ebck ? ? E?righted.: : He ILtjrown Off .poat"and; aelktie,.d beard ' .sigbne, he was clhse-ahavhn, eron ga massive jaw i apnd savage monuth. Heaad e, evolver m ] his haud; ,he was very whit*,iand there was g a look in his eye, lierce,'d(~ , detemined, - that told me 1 was not mistaken in miy man. j . faJ4e2jr ..t'you must 1 leq;b..'ThIA J.io-se, JI---u. knoV,:'who yout,: -'At.iat 'moment there jas a loud double ktabb1:, ttbe sireet rioor. have' aenlit for, the.polo 7" he cried, ekth, and be ised th6*volyer. 'Stoj'p I stob i for od's'tke'Itemember he is my father." It was Myra, who had darted out of her bedroom. She had evidently been listening, and now came between us. "' Dearest David, for my sake, be patient." She threw her arms around his neck ; then, turning to me, said, quietly, " fe is my husband ; we were married this morning." On the last words my wife came rushing upstairs followed by Stephen, who had told her all he knew. "Who is that at the door ?" demanded Ringwood " Only a mar. who knocked at the wrong house," my son answered. My wife made a dreadful scene. She was now all against Ringwood, and vowed she would call in the police. " Shoot me dead if she does, David," cried Myra, wildly. Well, to make a long story short, I got him out of the house, and he himself pre vailed upon Myra to remain. But her part ing words to him were : " Send for me, dearest, whenever you will or under any circumstances, and I will come to you. Father, mother, all the world are nothing to me where you are concerned. Remember, I care not for good or evil if I am only with you." His eyes were full of tears as he hugged her in his arms and passionately kissed her. Ringwood get safely away and out of England, in spite of the vigilance of Scot land Yard. Two months afterwards he sent for Myra to join him in New York. Myselt and Mrs Ashton did all in our power to break off this dreadful connection, but in vain. Myra writes to us now and again. She says she is very happy, but we have only her word for it, and we are in constant fear of hearing that her husband has at last fallen into the bands of the law and paid the penalty of his desperate deeds. 