NOTES AND COMMENTS Glen tones (N.S.W ) is after the medal for the best snnke story of the season so far, although Maitland is certain to wrest any advantage from tbe more northern town later on (remarks tbe Clen Innes ' Examiner'). This is Glen Innes' effort :—' A c id and a snake : An 8lb codfish was landed from the Murray on Tuesday morning with the tail of a tiger snake protruding from the mouth. On tbe tail bein^ drawn out it revealed about 18in of the body of the snake, apparently in a partially assimilated condition.' i'bete was ' a heap of snake ia thai fish.' i * * * * An objector to vaccination applied, as the law permits him to, for exemption on conscientious grounds— The Magistrates Clerk : On what grounds ? Applicant: I think our Creator would— Tbe Magistrate's CJerfc : Ob, never mind the Creator now l Applicant: If it were necessary for them to be inoculated by beast he would have done it before the child was born. The Magistrate's Clerk: You might as well say your Creator would have found you in pockethandkercbiefs. After firing off this magisterial opinion the Bench granted the exemption. 1 Apparently the magistrates of Fremantle were impervious to the Melbourne Cup fever. On Tuesday afternoon, a reporter, in the innocence of his heart, deeming their Worships presiding at the Fiemantle Local Court would be pleased to learn the result of the Cup, handed up a slip containing, ' Tbe Grafter, I ; Wait-a-Bit, 2; Cocos, 3.' It now appears (says West Australian') that the three adjudicating 4 magistrates were thoroughly mystified as to tbe meaning of tbe three names.' If this is true, tbe magistrates should be shifted. Ihe man in Australia who does not know Cup Day from Christmastime is not qualified to dispense a sleeping draught for a sick emu. to say nothing of dispensing WeBtralian justice to accused persons. * * • • The fruitgrower lifts up a minority voice in the city Press about the cause and the remedy for fruit pests. The cause, he says, is our sins. Tbe same weapons are being used to scourge us for our want of righteousness as were employed by Divine anger long ago »gainst our erring forefathers. The remedy is a return to true religious views and a general reversion to virtuous behaviour. Without wishing to reflect on the morality of fruitgrowers, it may be said this is so. The apple scale will be always with us ; tbe grubs and beetles and borers and flying foxes will continue to rage ; the inspectors of fruit to incur obloquy by their wholesale condemnations, and tbe Department of Agriculture to offer suggestions of a more or less futile nature. Fsith-healicg in the fruitpest line will not thrive at 1 resent, because the world perceives that in this, as in other thing , the just and the unjut-t fare pretty 3 much the same. What is wanted to give the new scheme a fair start is an orchard or two owned by the righteous, into which none of the destructive elements that desolate those of the ungodly enter—not even the boys of tbe neighborhood, * • » * There has beea strange activity at Toulon of late, and Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has warned France that England's foot is dawn.' But no one need feel in the least 1 alarmed— the cables tell us that ' the British press is calm ' It ia just as well (writes A.B.C. in Sydney ' Herald) to reassure people at the present juncture, eo— 4 THE BRITISH PRESS 18 CALM.' The storm of war was risirg, The British' foot was down,' The nations' angry snarling All other Pounds did drown. The whole world gazed affrightei, but we felt DO alarm. For in the midst of all the cin 'the Pritish Press is calm.' The Fiench fl"et met at Toulon ; Old England said,' Beware I look to it bow you lightly rouse Tbe lion in his lair.' But whilst the nati' ns he'd their breath to hear the call 10 arm, We never turned a muscle, for 'the British Press is calm.' And da)B were black and blacker ; Fast grew tbe sullen cloud; And still the awtul spectre reigned, War flowered from its red shroud. And mothers thought on soldier sons, and prayed against their harm With silly tears, forgetnng quite ' tbe British Press is calm.' Ob, British Press 1 Oh, noble Press I For ever kerp your htad, When nation springs at nation's throat, Do not you be misled ; But 'midst the wreck cf crumbling thrones be this your soothing balm : ' All's going well, there's nought to fear ; obfervt that we are calm ' • * * • A claim for public sympathy is put forward on behalf of Archbishops who live in palaces and have five-figure incomes. They are obliged to spend so much on garden parties and such like entertainments that, big as their salaiies are. there is no money in the business. It is stated that the leading Archbishoprics of England are run at a loss to tbofe whom tbe uninitiated regard as having the good fortune to be in porsession ot them. Hence, without a man has private meaDS, he cannot accept arch-episcopate office Likely enough this is all true, for even on a mitre it is not necessarily all gold that glitters. It is a fortunate thing for the Church, therefore, that this s'ate of things did not exist when the Holy Ghost came down ia fiery tongues, for if it had He would not have found a man eligible for appointment. It is not on record that Peter or any of the Galilee fishermen had big private incomes from money invested in gilt-edged securities, nor was there amiii' amongst tbe Apostles who had a rent roll amounting to shucks. The only way they could make it work was by doing without fatcalved flunkejs to hand them things on silver sal vers, and not being over-solicitous about what they should eat or what they should drink, or wherewith they might be clothed. How would it be if, instead of complaining about tbe inadequacy of their ten and fifteen thousand a year pittances, their successors tiied to get over the difficulty *~y similar means. America is a land of surprises. One that may be called extraordinary, even for that country, is reported. A mutilated body was found, and a Mr Perkins identified it as that of his missing daughter Grace, who had not been heard of for two weeks. There was much popular indignation against a man named Bourne, who disappeared at the same time, for Grace was a nice girl, beloved by all who knew her, and left a large circle of friends to mourn their IOES. Grace came buck, and eo did Bourne. Grace's parents are quite affected, jmt after the manner of those in Thackeray's ballad of ' The Willow Tree.' The police badly wanted Bourne, and now that they have got him they do not exactly know what to do with him. Rumor says the pair were married whilst absent from home. Nothing more likely. The case affords an opportunity for a parody on those lines of Burns :— Alack the day I That Grace should stray When love in her bosom burns. She hath wandered hen-e With that Bourne from whence No traveller returns. For Bou<ne and Grace Dwelt in thiB place, But Perkins kept the door. Then Grace went dead, And Bourne he fled, Yet both are home once more, * » • • People interested in predictions recall' the fact th«t the death of the sister of the- Empress of Austria in the terrible Paria fire of last year was foretold with more than usual prophetic precision. This is the storyT according to tbe ' Petersburg Herald ' :— Princess Soi bie and ber sister Marie, who became Queen of Naples, when in their teens, consulted a Gipsy, said to have the gift of prophecy. To PrincesB Marie, the woman said, • You will become a queen, but you will meet with deceptions and disasters, and will lose your crown. You will show great courage and energy in your difficulties ; but beware of red men.' Those acquainted with the hiBtory of Giribaldi's ' red men ' and their victory ove< the King of Naples will not find it difficult to see in after events something like a fulfilment. The prediction w th regard to tbe Princess, who was later to become Duchess d'Alencon, was even more definite. 'You will,' the gipsy said, among other things, ' not attain an advanced age. You need not fear water; but another element, the enemy of water * By this time tbe young Princesses had had' enough, and, terrified, dismissed the gipsy. READY. A TOWN LADY PriQcess Marie, however bad rt-ason to re all the visit when last year eh-i wanderwi through the ruins of the Charity Bazaar in search of her seter Sophie. It will be interesting to see if any similar story crops up with regard to the latest victim of the assassin's knife The west of propbecie < i» that when they are told alter the event they chiefly! raise suspicions. » » » » An unsophisticated citizen advertised in yesterday's 'KaigoorJie Miner* the loss of two pound notes, and offered a lOi reward for their restitution. He might have paved the cost of the advertisement When a pereon"on these fields now-a-days lights on a couple of notes meandering round the district on their own, he tells a rebelling conscience to go outside and play tops while be rams those notes into the deepest depths of ilie receptacle on the right-hand side of his pants—and a camel has a bigger chance of playing 'Rule Britannia' sidewats on a hautboy than a 10s reward has of bringing those bits o'paper into dayiiyht. One rime it was otherwise, but bonm-i im and plumptime morals are tw > decidedly different 3 quantities. Who dares'ay woman is not our equal.' The following 'We^t Australian' advertisement puts a clinker on the matter : — ' Boom, 6uit married couple or three batchers, Fourth house, Jubilee ter., Hatfield-Bt., Beaconsfield.' If any person knows one thing more than six it's the lady ' as has apartments,' so we can retire. * Women » is equal » to two » of us. Not very long a^o an enterprising young man dwelt in KaigoorJie. In the good times he not only made money, but squandered it with both hands, doubtless thinking t.iat the milk and honey would flow on for ever ; but it did not, and when hard times began to camp upon every men's doorstep he found that the only constant visitor he could rely upon was the bailiff. He was a bu-t er—a man who did not believe in laying down mesk y whi st his enemies Wa ked upon him, so he pawned his best clothes and went forth dryblowing, and did better than the average digger, and his spirit waxed fat and he paid a few of his debts, and would have gone along paying them if his creditors. would have given him tbe ghost of a chance, but they would not; tbe limbs of tbe law hunted him from the dawning to the giiog down of the euD, and even in tbe stilly hours of the night they were with h m, until Ins nature rebelled, and he decided that if hip 'shaker' brought him any luck he would gather it in and quit the gilded WeBt. He was not a man of many prajers as a rule, but he did prav for a smile from fortune, and at last it came, in the shape of a big h< althy nugget. It was morn when he unearthed the welcome stranger, and at nightfall he was on his way to Fremantle carrying his treasure with him. When he arrived a' the coast he soon discovered that he was shadowed, but he determined not to te baffled. He bought some nitrate of silver and dyed himself black, rigged himself out as an Afghan of the lesser c1»eb *nd touk a b tee rap p. pas age tn Adelaide under the name of hornet Islam, and so boarded iht steamer. There he squatted in the forward part of the ocean greyhound placidly smoking his pipe, whilst t.hu detectives tumbled over his very fe t looking for him, and looking in vain. r Six hours after the vessel cleared the port he arose and cist his Afghan garments into Neptune's bosom and walked forth a five aid a merry man, and it is very doubtful if the gilded Westland will ever again behold his smiling face, and his creditors will gather in nothing more substantial than his blessing. On Tuesday one of the best poHce officets tbi* field has known left us in the perscn of Sergeant Rellenger, who went towards the coast. The sergeant was, and is, a real clean kind of a white man, (<nd we will miss him very badly, for he had a happy knack of doing his duty in a workmanlike, unostentatious fashion, fearing no man, favoring rone, and the P'oneer fervently hopes that his name may soon rank amongst the list of commissioned officers in this colony, for he has earned promotion by the sweat of bis brow and tbe fruit of bis brains. May he eoon gather in his harvest. He was a dirty, untidy-looking tramp, and he lilt=d into the bar and looked around him wistfully. He had the general air of a black's dog hunted by school boys, and trouble sat as naturally on his dirty face as a sitting hen perches on eggs. He looked at tbe landlord and sighed wearily, then he put his elbows on the bar and said,' Did you ever hear tell of a man named Djolan V 1 Yes,' replied the beer dispenser, ' I have heard the name of D solan.' ' That's me,' sighed the dejected one. • Ydu is it,' said Boniface, ' which Doolan are you 1 I've heard of several in my time f The loafer stratched his unshorn chin and meditated; then he smiled sweetly,and pushed an empty pewter coaxiugly towards the beer jerker, remarking, Fill that for me, sonny, and I'll tell yer how 4 to work a miracle.' The landlord grinned, and taking up the slop-bucket full of stale beer, cigar ends, matches, and eeneral bar sweepings he filled the bummer's pint pot to the brim, and grinned again as the dirty une drank it. Then he said,' Now Doolan, what about that miracle V D solan almost wept as he spat out the cigar ends. Then he said meekly, ' W or.Id you like to be able to raise up the dead, mister ?' ' Raise the dead ? Why yes, of course, that would be something like a miracle.' ' Well then,' said Doolan. as he edged towards the door, ' you just serve up such d stuff as that you gave me and see if even a corpse won't forsake his bier,' and he fled with a chuckle as he dodged the empty pewter that the beer jerker sent, after him. SERGEANT SELLENGER, LATE OF COOLGARDIE. LORD BRASSEY. LADY BRASSEY. 