OR, under queen victorias RULE. a STORY OF OLD ENGLAND AND YOUNG AUSTRALIA. BY FREDERICK BURDON. CHAPTER XXV, .—(Continued. It was tour o'clock in the afternoon of -£he hottest day ever known by Mr ZEdgehill during forty years of settle ment in the bush. The fierce heat had : -driven the whole family indoors to es cape the scorching sun. Since the death ' of his daughter the squatter had aged • Considerably, and his children had noted, TWith much concern, the growing weak- ' ness of their father. The daily routine, disturbed by the ! -advent of Philip and Jackson, had re- ! sumed its normal state, and no further ' interference by bushrangers had Ois- ! iturbed its peace and harmony. As I 1 lhave said, the heat was intense; even ] the verandah, the usual place of rest ' ■ during the afternoon, had been vacated, and the family sat in the parlor, the girls preparing tea, and the stalwart ] sons reading and smoking. Mr Edgehill had fallen asleep in his \- -- -• ,,-iwn-chaJn and_the pearns-pf^llslat Ol-bdp-. ■ gng through the jalousie silvered, the snow-white hair. Por some time the Sleeper slumbered /with the peacefulness • Cf a child and of a man at peace with bis Maker; but soon the repose grew restless ,and the breathing, from almost imperceptible calmness, became hard and troubled. The change attracted the notice of his eldest daughter. - "What is the matter with father?” she : said; anxiously, “See how flushed he : Is, and how his face twitches. I hope lie is not ill.” "Shall I wake him, Sis?"’ said Timothy. “It would be a pity, unless he be really ill. He sleeps so little." The necessity for so doing was set at - Test, for the sleeper started to his feet, looked wildly round, and said : “What do you want?” i “Nothing, father,” said his daughter. ■ “But you called for help.” “Ho; you have been dreaming. Sit -Sown again; tea will be ready in a few •minutes." ■ . Mr Edgehill pressed his hands against '•Siis forehead, like a man bewildered.and sat down; then, hastily, rising, said : “I hear it again—‘Help—help!’ It Tings plaintively in my ears. It is the •Cry of someone in distress. Perhaps some unfortunate traveller is lost. jQuick, boys—fill your flasks and follow •' ane to the Sugar Loaf!” With energy surprising for his years, Mr Edgehill climbed the mountain-side. IHe was joined by his sons, and they gazed anxiously down on the plain. “Can you see anything, Mark? ' My ■eyes are not so keen as they were.” “I can see. something lying on the tsand. ’Tis a man,’father!” Down impetuously rushed the younger inen on their errand of mercy, and Came to the place where the man lay. . Fhilip had fallen prone on his face. “We are in time,” said Mark. “Turn riim over. Now the brandy and water.” The flickering breath was long gather ing force, but slowly and sue ly the . ^breathing grew stronger, and the pulses ■ throbbed with renewed life. “He is coming round, Mark. I saw his •feyelids move.”- . Xes, Tim, we were just m time. 1 Think we may venture to carry him. Roor fellow! lie’s nothing but a bag of \- Clones. • I-wonder how he got here.” i “Is he alive?”, shouted Mr Edgehill. ' “Yes, father,”' they replied With one “Thanlc God ' '■ Rest awhile, and give him some more drink. Merciful Hea ven! it is Mr .fjVoodwin! 4 Praise be to •God for His greqt mercies! Run to the Thouse, Timothy, and telp Mary to pre pare a warm bath. How altered he is! iWhere is his black friend? My heart ■misgives me. His pulse is good. See, his eyes open. . Cheer up, Mr Goodwin; you are saved. We are old friends, the lEdgehills.” Philip smiled, a look of recognition •came into his eyes, and he pressed the •• hand in his to express his 'gratitude. , “Now, boys, lift him gently; I will lead the way.” Philip, refreshed by. a bath and some Weak broth, fell asleep, watched "throughout the night by his anxious Triends. The four days of hunger and thirst took weeks to recover from, and ■taxed to the utmost the medical skill of Mr Edgehill to subdue t,he raging fever ■consequent on privation and fatigue. Tout in the end lie was restored to health, ■and able to give-an account of his ex periences. CHAPTER. XXVI. When Captain Radciiffe returned from •escorting Lucy to Tier hotel, he felt Tittle inclination for sleep, so the two friends sat up late talking over the best means for checkmating Mr Stump, now ■that it was believed.he had gone over, to John Rawdon. “There is only one course,” said Ro bert Blake, “and that : not a safe one rwith such a turncoat—to bid higher than Rawdon. If he gave a hundred, we must give two. I ownder whether the story of the gentleman buying the cer "tificate is true. I hardly believe it. Mr ■Stump is a mixture of cunning and fear, ■ .and as likely as not palmed off a false •certificate.” “He is sharp enough for anything, Rlake. I was just in time to prevent him opening your packet-book. Prom 4 what Lucy says, .he has,got over, his fit ■of remorse, so on that score, we can do "nothing. It is difficult to know what 'Sine to take.” “It is. But leave liini to me, Gris. I’ll •Bee him to-morrow evening.' tl know his tweak points.” ' .-• .....■; “What do you think of the lawyer?” “Unfortunate, in soirie respects. * He 'as a well-known man, arid very sharp. I wish she had gone elsewhere. • I’ve a .good mind, to see him,! and-put him on a false scent. It wouldn't be. ,.a bad -dodge.” ;■ :” ... The idea tickled the two mien im mensely. Tv.* _ .; “Tori are a daring fellow; Blake. T ? . v I; -'am sure you wiil succeed.” .... • “Yes, Rawdon’s bills Would show niy good faith. It'is worth tiyinglr ' How ever, one thing at a; time; We will settle Mr Stump first.”; The following evening. Robert Blake dined at the coffee tavern, in Beck , street, and then set out for Kensington. The cottage was in darkness, ’’and he .could get no response to repeated knocks. Somewhat disheartened, he re traced his steps, when it occurred to him that Mr Stump might be at the church. The door was open, and to his inquiries ■ of the pew-opener he learnt that the .clerk had gone to the country. Vexed ait the loss of time, Robert Blake strode • thoughtfully homeward, but suddenlv : stopped. • “I’ll do it,” he muttered, as he turned on his heels. “I know where he keeps his desk. Perhaps it contains papers, and among them the one I want-” Arrived at the cottage, he again knocked at the door, and, feeling more ^ gecure, tried the windows and doors. .“The fellow is careful, as one would „ expect frorii a miser.; I .wonder what ' ’ • called him away? Three days, the wo ianan said. Gone into the country to se« Bawd on, I shouldn’t be surprised.-How j the deuce'am I to get in?. This role.of burglar hardly suits my temperament. Not a single door unfastened, and the shutters closed. I dare not break a pane of glass; it would make too much noise. If there is a ladder in the gar den, T could try the upper windows.” In tlie outhouse he found what.he wanted, and, placing jt.against the wall, discovered, to his delight, the sash slightly down, and without further dif ficulty he entered. Striking a match, Robert Blake groped his way down stairs to the sitting-room, and lighted the candle. "Now, for the desk. He keeps it in the cupboard, which is locked,'of course; but my eyes were not always closed, Mr Stump, though you thought they were. I know where you hid the precious key.' It isn’t every robber who has such easy work. Now for the contents of the desk.” " : fWhat's this—as yellow Jus a guinea from age? A letter from Betsy Stump. Ah, this is better! By .Tove! the certi ficate of the marriage of Robert Good win and Alice Gumming. The old vil lain! What a find, to be sure! You’ve' the devil’s luck, Robert! In the toils again', Rawdon! I’ll be even with you for your treachery. No more money— revenge is sweeter. Who were the wit nesses? Betsy Stump and her bro ther. She must know if a child was born, and where it is. We shall see what she says to this piece of evidence. No need-to look further. The old miser will have another fit of repentance when he finds.the certificate vanished.!’ . LRobert- Blake-locked ‘the cupboard, re placed the key, carefully rerboved the marks of his hoots from the window-sill, put back the ladder, and wended his way to Fleur-de-lis-court, overjoyed at his success. We left Philip restored to health'.and strength by the kind nursing of his friends, the Edgehills', and happy in the possession of the secret for which he had braved the perils of land -and sea. The privations he had endured had made terrible inroads on his constitu tion, and convalescence was tedious. When bodily vigor returned he be came impatient of delay, and surprised the family one morning at breakfast by tlie announcement that he should leave them on the morrow. His host did not conceal his regret at the sudden deter mination, for he loved Philip as a son, and used all his persuasive powers to induce him to remain with them. His solicitude, under other conditions might, perhaps, have been successful, .but no tempting offer, however generous, could change Philip’s intention, and in the' end he ceased to urge. With many heartburnings the whole household gathered to hid him good-bye, and more than one eye was moist when the form of their guest was lost in the distance. Philip, accompanied by Mark, pushed rapidly forward, and as he passed . the place of adventure with the bushrangers he pointed out to his companion the shanty, now deserted, where the ruffians had attempted his life. . It seemed but yesterday—so quick is the flight- of time —since that terrible night of the escape, and still more terrible morning under the tree, and he shuddered at tlie recollec tion. How swift had retribution fol lowed! Of all the actors in the tragedy, not a single bushranger remained; of the: others, he alone. Philip took an affectionate .farewell of his companion, and the same evening arrived at Melbourne. Nearly a year had elapsed since his departure from the city, and as he stepped on to the river bank the memory of that day came ba,ek to him. Then he was not alone; his noble friend, who had given his life for him, and whose body lay buried in the desert, had walked with him. Even now he saw in imagination a form with a dark face and skin and noiseless tread, keeping pace with him, and he instinc-.: lively tried to grasp the well'-known^. -But it was a delusion. .Thaj.j&ogn; v,'ould ne’er more on eai-th utter' cheer ing words—would never again raise*-a' joyous laugh. It was a mirage. • v - t “Poor Jackson!” he murmured. “True even to death. Little did I think that you, the stronger, should die; whilst I, the weaker, should live. Oh, Fate, Fate! how hard to bear is thy cruel decree! Thou mistress of the lives and fortunes of human kind, couldst thou not have spared him?” And a sigh from a troubled spirit rose laboring from bis breast The city was more crowded,its palaces more imposing, and its progress more marked; but Philip noticed none of these. I-Ie strode on, looking neither to right nor left, little changed, only, bronzed by the moil of those three weary days, till he came to the mer chant’s office. “Is it possible he has forgotten me ? Then I must be changed!” said Philip to himself. l The youth stuck his pen behind, his ear, and again asked the question. “I wish to see Mr Macculloch.” “Then you can’t. He’s gone away, for a few days. Won’t I do? We manage .the business. Perhaps you've -come about the wool sales?” Philip smiled at the air of assumed authority, and said, “I'm Mr Goodwin. Don’t you remember me?” The youth’s red hair disappeared, and Philip could hear him vainly endeavor ing to smother his laughter. "What is the matter?” lie said, sharp-. ly. “Time has hot polished your man-, ners.” “Nor, your humbug,” was the pert re joinder- "It won’t do. Tou can’t 'play that game unless you’re his ghost. Our Mr Goodwin died three months ago—we heard it from Mr Cameron, of Killamoo loo.” “HI news travels apace,” muttered Philip. Then aloud; “It’s a mistake!-1 did not die. I am not a ghost, but Phi'-iP Goodwin, in the flesh.” Ited-hair stared, left his desk, and, peering into the bronzed features, ex claimed, “So' you are! Where's "the darky?” -. “Dead, poor fellow—dead!, But I did not come to bandy words! Where can I. find Mr Macculloch?" i , ' ’ . “He’s gone to Blacklands to'see Mr Goodwin, the gentleman _who gave you the letter. He is very ill—dying, I heard the messenger Say. Ton had better go. quick,” .“Mr Goodwin.!” said Philip, in ~ sur prise. ■ ■ "■ “Yes. I thought you knew that he's your uncle. He’s the richest.man about these parts, and owns a deal of pro perty. We manage it for — Hallo! lie’s gone. Here’s a. pretty kettle of fish. The dead man’s come to life, and the old, man’s making another will. He won’t get there in time. He shall, though, if I can help him. He isn't so cheeky as some who come here;” and, dashing through the door, he caught Philip, al ready some distance down the street, “Stop, Mr Goodwin- How you do travel! You can liaye one of Mr Mac eullocli's horses.” “Thanks, youngster. I’ll not forget you for this.” 