GEORGE NAMELESS. A ROMANCE OF LIFE IN HIGH PLACES. By MISS BRADDON, Author of "When the World wd9 Ymnger," "Aurora Floyd," "Taken at the Flood," "Lady" Audley's Secret," "To the_ Bitter End," "The Trail of the Serpent," "Phantom Fortune," &e.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] [Commenced in Saturday's "Express."] . CHAPTER III.—(Continued). He had drifted away from the direction he aimed at, being afraid to question any one of the few people he met in his wan derings, and at last halted, weary and miserable, on a grassy platform where there was a row of guns that had turned their black muzzles seawards as they did now ivhen Elizabeth was Queen and the Armada was a thing of yesterday. There was the sea, the strangely beautiful ex panse .of blue and white, the wavelets dancing under the fierce noonday sun. He could not take his eyes from the wonder of it, though he was afraid, and footsore, and hungry, his penny still in ais pocket, his crust of bread eaten long ago, and all the unknown world and the long struggle called life staring him in the/face. .. He knew not, in his childish helpless ness, of any possible shelter, save, the chance of a waggon or a barn, like ■ the waggon and barn of last night and the night before. All he could foresee in life was a repetition of the life he knew. His tears fell fast as he sat in the sun ; they fell upon his hands and his rugged sleeves ; and then, for the first time, he' saw that one hand and one sleeve were dyed with a red stain which his tears moistened, and which he knew for blood. Child as he was he shrank instinctively from those stains. They had been left there by the dark-faced. man. The gory print of his hand showed red on the neu tral grey of the sleeve. How came that blood upon the man's hand—the man whom he had seen quietly crossing the street two minutes before they, met ? He remembered how before .he fell asleep in: the barn he had heard the man muttering to himself about a knife in his right-hand pocket ; how, being awake himself in the early dawn, he liad seen his companion lying on his back fast asleep, with a con vulsed countenance, groaning and murmur in " a faint far-away voice—"Blood—the blood of Holifernes, the blood of Sisera." Was it Sisera's blood that stained the sieeve on which the boy's tearful eyes looked with instinctive disgust. That hate ful stain intensified his unhappiness, his discomfort, his fear. Even the bright water in front of him, the busy harbor in the distance, all the freshness of an un known world, took- the color of his weary body and frightened heart, and he flung himself face downward on the dusty grass, and sobbed aloud in sueli blind, hopeless grief as only little children feel when they think themselves abandoned by . all human love and care. A brisk step and the jingle of sword and spur sounded on the common behind him, as a well-built debonair figure came ■with buoyant pace over the Unlocks ; but George_was too lost in grief to hear the debonair gentleman's approach, and knew not that relief was coming to his loneli ness till a powerful hand clutched the top of his jacket and liftea him into the air as ,easily as if he hold been a.well-bred puppy dog with a loose skin to his neck. " What art howling for, thou baseborn whelp ?" asked a strong baritone .voice, with . a jovial note in it which must needs inspire confidence in child or dog. Hast thou nothing better to do when tne devil is dead than to lie in the dust and bewail thyself ?" ■ The stranger set the bovi on his feet as he spoke, and stood looking down at liim with a friendly grin. A pleasant-looking stranger, this one—very unlike that black man on the common by Godalming, who might at any moment have developed horns and hoofs and declared himself Old hick in person. In his friendliness the .boy had clung to to the swart-faced traveller, but there had still been a lurking, distrust. His heart went, out with a leap to' tliit merry gentle man, who had. light brown hair and beard and laughing blue eyes under thick brown brows, and who wore his wine-stained vel vet and tarnished gold lace as if they had. been the purple and ermine of kings. Is the devil dead ?" George asked, awe stricken ; "and is this the devil's blood ?" Ike stranger laughed aloud at the ques tion, thinking that the boy's nose had been bleeding perhaps, and the little wretch was precocious enough to venture a jest. • . ' . "Hay, thou atomy, tuou wert not stand ing by to see the greatest man in the kingdom die by a stab from a tennenny knife—he who wanted to play the Roman, to expire in a blaze of glory, in all the pomp of a dear-bought victory, or to mount skyward amidst the ' rains of liochelle, to soar to the .gods he has mimicked with his monkey sovereignty, and to be remembered for ever as.Villiers the glorious, who, when he could not saVe the city and the souls' that famished there, put torch to touch-hole and went up to heaven with a republic of martyrs: Did he not swear that he would conquer or die upon the mole before Roclielle? Vain braggart: The tehpenny knife was a-grind mg for him while lie boasted. Omens have not lied; ghosts have not walked for nothing; dreamers have dreamed true; and George Villiers is as dead as his syco phant and parasite Dr. Lambe, the astro loger." | L Evidently a man; who loved the sound of his own ripe, round voice, and facile turn of a sentence; since there was small chance .that the little boy, whose tearful eyes gazed at him in blank wonder, could follow the sense of this rhapsody; a man who had spent many a summer afternoon in the playhouses, a man who had " drunk and spouted at many taverns, and- knew where the best ales were sold, and where the best company might be'met. He flung himself down upon the coarse -turf and seated George beside him, and dried the child's tears with the cuff of his tawdry coat, and made liiin happy and at his ease _ in the space of a few minutes. ! Indeed, it were hard for' a' helpless brat, jwho ten .minutes fancied' himself aban | doned of all mankind, not to feel cheere.d by the kindness of a man whose face and voice brimmed over with good-humor, and who was usually in the condition of one who sees the world through a rosy glow of strong wine—not drunk, but warmed to the core by good liquor. To this new friend George freely told his simple story; the farm—daddy and mammy—and the strange gentleman in a black suit who had appeared on rare occa sions/and who had caused those purple, marks to be made upon his breast. He told of -his adventures on . the . road; the lonely night on the common when . he had been frightened by a great hlaek beast with a fiery hreath, which he took for the devil, till it- started up out of a bush and changed into a horse; the black man who had been kind to him; the night in the . barn, and those mutterings of murder. "I'll wager thy travelling comrade "was the black-a-visaged soldier who killed the duke. Thou wert lucky he did not. stab thee to get his hand in. Well, they have thv friend safe under lock -and key—so now what wilt thou do?" . « "The soldier bade me seek a gentleman who would let me scrape his trenchers; but I know not where to find such." "Thou art a pretty guileless creature, w in a voice like a silver bell. I have a mind to adopt you as my page and armorer, till I can. find you a richer master." "Oh, sir, I woidd like to stay with you. I am not afeared of you, as I was of the black gentleman. Yet he was kind. Will they kill him because he killed the duke?" " Faith, if John Eliot and, some' others at Westminster could have their way.they would reward him with a handsome pen sion .for having lightened England , of the heaviest incubus she ever carried. But law. is law, and I'm afraid his guerdon will be a hempen necklace. So you would like .to -be my little page and tramp ■the highway with me. when I., have no money to pay for a ride, and lie in a cor ner of my garret, and wake, me when I see ugly shapes in my dreams, and fetch me my liquor from the nearest tavern, and brush my coat, till I can get you into some fine lady's household. I have rich and powerful friends, child, though you might not think it." ■ " I would rather live with you always, sir. I like you better than anybody ex cept daddy." \- The friendly gentleman sat on the grass, looking dreamily sea-ward, with the child nestling against him. The hoy's simpli city, his pretty face,, and sweet little piping voice,; had appealed some how to this jovial citizen of the world, and he could not . find it . in his heart to leave the desolate imp to wander and starve on Southsea Common. To a man who lived from hand to mouth the taking of a penniless brat on his shoulders mattered little. Responsibility there could be none where there were no means. And this man had lived at odds with fortune for the last seven years, and defied fate to use him worse than she had done, unless he-, put himself in her power by some_ foul crime of his own, which he had no mind to do, having indeed no criminal instincts. He drank hard and loved all games of chance and skill, but he never, stooped to tha Bliarper's tricks "with marked cards or cog ged-dice, or filled Ins purse. by shurkiiig a Boon companion. - ■ A rich man, might have hardened his heart against a'child's pitiable ease, lest he 3hould' take upon himself any encumbrance that it would be difficult to shake off, and incurJifelpng";liability|:-but''Wliat■'■tvonld it matter' to ' tins" man • that; another depen ded upon him? He could hut give the i child a, share in the:ups'ainl downs of a life of adventure, to feast to-day at some • body- else's expense, and to ; starve to ; morrow if cast upon his, own resources. I • Me was young himself, - and pitied., all young: creatures—colly puppy,, kitten, or callo\v.' bird;'; He; had.-a~ heart tnat. the, world-liad not hardened, roughly, as it had ; used the owner. • ,■ ;d--V ■ . So when he sat down in the sun for •half air-hour, watching. I he ..great warships •: at anchor ..in.": the offing,. where Hags drooped .-'mournfully half-mast high in the summer.'calin,: and listening to the child's prattle'; he to'olc little George by the handj and set out for.tlie town to buy a*"dinnerI with pne .pt' the few silver coins In" his pocket. ; -George asked no questions about the'rfutur^.^hapnylt'u^tli' $ new and com plete ^ sense ?of. being 'eared for and- pro tected. Here truly was a friend who re placed his dost daddy, the kindly peasant farmer whose. loss lie had mourned with many; "tears,; hut of..-whom, having been . kept remote, from the aspect of death, lie '• had thought as of : one gonc-on a loug journey,, whose" honest countenance might hearii'upon lum , suddenly fat any turn of life's highway. „ . And sosthese two. adventurers began , their wanderings/together. Francis Moun tain—the surname was. not his own, hut it served—-in liis 2otli year, George Nameless,, age unknown, hut from his stature he might he. reckoned between C and S, - while his speech :and intelligence were in advance of his size; So they .started on a 'life-jour ney, - the fehild eharmed with his protector, the man pleased to- exercise so pleasant a patronage—so cheaplyto buy love and con fidence and.the trustful upward look of .in nocent e.vesj and the-warm touch of a.little clinging hand. Here was something to ex ercise those-blue devils, those curious im pertinent imps and insects from the invi sible, world, which made themselves so dia bolically; real; to tliis man after one of his ■glorious niglits at the.Dagger or. thp Wind mill; / He was not so steeped and seasoned in liquor as the; men he.'dran.c with being in most eases considerably their junior; and it might be that lie had a, more vivid imagi nation, and \ neiwesv strung to a sharper pitch. ' [To be continued from day to day till Vv." . ■. : • finished.] 