Pith and Point. , The largest mammoth tusk yet dis covered was 16ft. In length. The consumption of hoot-blacking in England'in one year amounts to a value of £500,000. " The Three Muske'teers" is the third act of an Adelphi melodrama the whole way, through. Twenty-two coal-laden ships sailing from. Newcastle, New South Wales, have been reported as missing at sea since 1888. A first-class merchant steamer costs In building1 £28 per ton weight of hull, and..(£13 per indicated horse-power of engines. ,, •In. the names given In Inverness Direc tory. .there .are 730 varieties, yet the Frasers ,-made up; 93 per cent of the whole1 population. The general rate of pay for all classes -of: labour*In Switzerland is a little over half as much; as is-paid for the same description o£ ;work. in Great Britain. . ., A man; stood inside the Venetian blinds the other day,r and; spent fifteen minutes trying to brush a streak of gunshine off his coat'with the'clothes brush. In San Francisco a 17-year-old hus band. recently obtained ' an absolute •divorce jifco^i, his..-16-ye^r-old wife. He w;qis employed as a; messenger boy. ;..'A -y.oung^a^dy; ateihalf a wedding cake, 'then of her future hus buhdy'^ Now she says 'she 'would rather die 'than marry -the man she saw in that dream.v; t; • " ' ^The^'Paris- jeweller : Satin, who was charged x;-^vith;<replacing: with paste the jewels of Mme.. de.Rute, which had been temporarily'infrusted to him, has been sentenced'' t'o eighteen months' imprison ment.. ;'i;! ■. ' A cat's eyes are'" said' to be largest at midnight. We never made an ex .amination^but/.we.rare.positive that its voice is' 'about seventeen time's larger ;at that'liour than at any other period during the .twenty-four., The land on jvhich the two battles of Bull-Run were fought is to be sold at public auction .early next month,- and cut up. into small farms. As the first great battlefield of' the wiar It answers some of the requirements of a national park. . Her Ma-jesty the Queen is not in the habit . of .'wearing much jewellery, but there isV one ^trinket she always has on, and thatUsa gold bracelet.given to her by the late'Prince Consort. This, it is said, ;her i Majesty, fyas not unclasped from , her arm for the last thirty- four years. ; - - > ; •. This winter.; there , are 28,709 students in the German universities, .4697 of whom;': are studying' theology, 8132 law, S361 medicine; while 7619 are under the philosophical faculty. There is a dis tinct falling off in the number of students 'of evangelical theology from last yeaiV Many'"are the anecdotes told of Dr. Keate, Mr. Gladstone's head master at Eton, arid Ills constant threat, " I'll flog you"—notaJbly of his way of enforcing the lessons of the sermon on Ui'e mount. " Blessed are the pure In heart," said Dr. Kea.te, "Mind thta't ; it's your duty to be pure.jn heart. If you're not pure in heart, I'll flog you." : . Fifteen hundred sea otter skins were brought to. the : traders . by Alaska Iridiiaris last year, according to the es timate ofva tretoer just returned to Seattle.- Furs of bears and foxes aggre gating'may' thousand dollars in value were also brought in. ' He says Alaska's wealtli in furs is Very great, and in many regions is yet,practically.untouched. .A singular Corean hat is a great round mat of straw, worn by a mourner. The hat is; b'6ujicl.,clown at the sides so as almost to con.c ) the; head and face of the wearer. v carries in his hand a screen or fai.- nd when in the road any one approaches him, he holds the screen in. front of him, so thalt it, to gether with., the liat, completely con ceals. hiriil' • " • Intense cold, as is well-known, burns —Jf we may use the term—like hea't. If a " drop" of air at a tempera bare of 180deg. below zero were placed upon the hand it would have ;the same effect as would'the' same quantity of molten steel. Every, one who has had the care of horses ough't.^to know the intense pain caused' by placing a frosted bit Into a horse's mouth. It burns like ht>t iron. In Jamaica a new use has been found for-the bicycle. A prominent entomolo gist of fhe^ Agricultural Station is travel ling- aibou't the island giving personal in struction in waging war against the various insects that play such sad havoc with the crops and vines. To the handle-bar of .his bicycle 'he has attached a reservoir of insecticide, and to his back is strapped a, portable spraying machine. A winter cycle, lately made, has two runners, one ahead of the other, and between.^them is a pair of'treadles like those oh a bicycle. From .these to a heavy. balanced wheel In the rear runs an endless chain, and this wheel turns a small drive wheel with spurs "to stick into the snow. It is thought that a per son can, travel along' hard-beaten coun try roads with this as1 easy as on a cycle. .Ghostly visitations" continue at Clandon' : House,, near Guildford, in Surrey, one of Lord Onslow's mansions. : There-:are: upward of fifty, persons in Clandon village who claim to have seen the " ghosts." One takes the form of a black dwarf, another that of a lady, \- sometimes • brilliantly, .sometimes very sombrely, ..attired. All the servants at Clandon .House say they have seen one or other'of the apparitions. 