REVELATIONS OF A DETEC TIVE. BY JAMES MI'GO AN THE J APANNED CASH BOX. " ou're wanted up at the office." A policeman tapped me on the shoulder, with these words, as I was going down the High street at a smart walk. " No ?" I said incredulously, for I had just left it, and on business too. " It's true ; I was sent to call you back. I rather think there's a man there who will speak to nobody but you." I got back at once, and saw the " man" -a gentleman of between forty and fifty -seated in a chair, and looking very ex cited and exhausted. He had a peculiar appearance. He was prematurely 'old. His hair had been jet black, but was now thickly interspersed with grey and silvery white. His face had evidently been handsome, but it was now sunken and bloated, and his eye, now dull and leaden, only at intervals showed gleams of brilliance and power. A glance told mre he was a drunkard. " You are -Mr M?'Govan ?" he said, speaking with quiet dignity. "I :must speak with you alone." The room was cleared at once and I waited in quiet curiosity for hint to speak. '" My name is Ramsay. I have called about a strange thing that has been done to me, which I don't think that it is right for a quiet inoffensive person like myself to submit to," he began, with growing ex citement. "I don't know who is the author of the outrage-that you must discover, I spoke of it to my landlady, and she professes to know nothing about it. Perhaps she, too., is in the Ilot." iT' appeared to expect an answer. so I said "Perhaps. Would you I, good enough to state what the outrage was ?" " Briefly this : I rent a room in Huc cleuch street. I have always paid the rbint regularly--eight shillings a week and I am bound to confess the landlady has hitherto been kind and attentive. Last night, however. I suddenly discover ed that she had knocked a hole right through the wall at a corlner of tilt room next to the back green. I felt a little cold. of course, but made no conlplaint, until three or fourl ferocious-looking wolves came in by the aperture and seized me by the small of the backI. I cried out, for they were sucking the ve.ry heart out of me, and the moment the landlady appeared they retreated hy the hole and disappeared. Well, what do you think ? Wheln I complained of thelm. and the hole by which they had entered. she had the audacity to say that there was no such a hole there ! Yet the very mnlmnent she was gone they cams and agnain fas tened on my back. They have left me so wealk that I could hardly walk her,."' Before h h had got half of this spoken I saw what was ,-wrong. Tie nmall was suffering from deliriunm rem-cent. "I will bring a gentleman to yonu who will be able to advice you much t-otter than I canl," I said, and shortly returnled with a medical inspector. My opinion was at once confirmed. -and th, doctor took me aside and whispered : "Take him home in a calb and send for his doctor. He is evidently a gentleman, and would not like the idea cf being at tended as a pauper by a public medical man," and, then turning to the v'isito;'. he talked to him snloolthingly and goJd hutnoredly till the cab had arrived. I accompanied him, and had to l-stlen to s'mei strlange talk on the way. " I know I can trust you." h-. said. coln fidlentially. " bilt there is one point whiclh I may tell you C hlave not ye: touched upon. I am afraid I will not he allowed to' enter my iroom, even wh:lnl w\' get there." N" ot enter your room :-ant;i why '" " Pecause when I was leaving I heard somle offieers fromn Ireland ehter and take possession of it, saying they were in search of me as a Fenian." To soothe him I assured him that I would soon send the "officers" to th right-about. He appeared pleased. but soon began on another tack. from whichl he was not so easily divert,-d. "Would you believe it-they are also plotting against me to steal my watch." I glanced at his waistcoat. Ne, it:ac-s of a watch were visible. "Alh, you need not look thlr', Ifor it." he put in quickly. "It is tt. valeh:alh- ton h, .arri, d. I will show it to, you when 'e". c't to the lodging. It was my mother's. It is iearly a hundred ye-- lrs oltd. an(d was once in the posese?iiol of George II. They say that the carving on it is never etqual led lnowvadays." I thought that the watch andt its belong ings were tile offsprinil of his owan dis ordered brain, but I w-as w?lon?. I sanid I would be glad to look at it. 'And who are they that n ish to steal It?" I asked.fancying at the moment that h,' looked tolerably sane. The unsettled look returlned to his eyes. "I don't know," lie said, fidgeting un easily. "Perhaps you can find out that for me. Of this, hlowtver. I am almost certain- she is one of 'them."' "hVbo?" "Mly landlady." The words were given in ;an '-xciti d whispelr, and with tn i!nmprsstive laying of the finger on the lip. The cab stop ped at the same moment. The landlady, a decent-lookino, hird working widow, appeared greatly reliev ed at the sight of her lodger. One look passed between uIIS, and we Inderstood ealih othler perfectly. As for tile lodger, he walked into the kitchen and quietly sat doan oni cae of the well-scrubbed chairs. "Oh,. Tm saP gled y've lIroenht him back again," whi- spered the landlady with t'ars in her eyes. "He wad hl?te ot, an' 1 "*'a:s frichten oot o' my judtgment wi' his ongauis, so I jist let 'um gang.' "Have his medical man here inmnedin tely, I said quietly. "I will stay till you rcome back, and try and got hinm to 'bed. Your house wiill be qulite safe with me.," and I mentionedt my name r t t-Il emllilloy Inent, and she hurried off. "Hadn't y-ou better go into 3your own roomn now?" I sulggested to Mir Ramsay. "I would prefer it much to sitting here, it is so cold." he shiveringly- replied: "but the oflicers-they are waiting for me?" "Oh, I soon will get rid of thcnm.," I said. moving towards the door. He julnpedv and caught me by tile aIrm. "No, no. you would only irritate them," he fearfully whispered. "Still. if you would go ill and say thtlt the gentleman is cold. and would be obliged if they would let hinl come in, perha:s they woould stretchi a point, and allow it." I ilnodded, got into the.roonm, and re turrned withi tlhe wordl that it was "'all righlt." Then hle followed me like a child. "When hie got into the 'roolm. he btgan funlblinaw away under tle bed-tick, as if in seal'ch of something, and I had a n1o ment to look round. All his things were arranfgedwithlgreat neatness anld care. Among other articlcs which caught nmy eye was a shining little japanned tin box sfanding o0l the top of a neat letter-rack, and legibly lettered-Cash. lIy reason for mention ing it in llar'ticulau r will aplpear before :I am tlle. 2Another fact may as well ibe lo'LLne ill mind--the house- tcing on the first floor, to raise the window and step out into the back green would nlot ouly have lecen practicable, but e:asy. 'Well, who then was the thief? I turned to my colmpanion. Hlis alrm was :now buried to thile rhou!der between the bed tick .and the mattress. and to my surprise he pulled it forth, and withl it a magnificent gold watch. HIe plat-ed it in my hands for inr.spec tion, and I must say thlnt'his en.comnium. hlad lnot bet-n in the least extravagant. It was a splendid piece of :vorknt- ln shlip. Tlhe figures carved on the lback stood out fully an eighthl of an inch in relief. I p'aisied it and admired it wnr'mly, saw him stow it away in its hiding p!ace, and then induced him to st~rip himself and get into bed. Soon the doctor arrived, and I turned to leave. ..- "Watch her-keep your eye on her!" he eagerly whispered to me, with his eye fixed fearfully on the landlady. "l'm sure she wishes to steal it.I would rather lose my life than that watch. Will you promise. Mtr-M?r--'ve fo:gotten your name?" "I plromise-shie :shall not touch itf i klus,." it.'" He appeared reli.eved-smliled out faintly., and bade nm' good, day. 'Thu I left, and saw him no more. But I heard about him. One day, about a week after, the land lady appeared at the office wringing her hands and crying most bitterly. She asked for me, but it was some time be fore she was calm enough to give me the following particulars. Mr Rtamsay. her lodger, was dead. After I had left him. and lie had taken a composing draught, he had appelcared to ie a good deal better,so nlmuch so that iat night his otwn request that he should be Itft alone wes complied with. In the middlhe of the night. however, the landlady was awakened by hearing him rummaging about the room, and shutting and open ing windows. dcoors, and boxes. The sound.; did not ceasie or abate in any degree. On the contrary, they went on increasing till she imagined he was per forming a rapid race round the room. ovlerturning everything as he ran. A sudden boolntg crash madtl her leap out of bed and rush into the room. A woe ful scene of wreck met her eyes. A splendid mirror was smashed to atoms, and the floor and fireplace was one litter of broken china. ornaments. books:, papers. chairs, bottles. ar. other odds and ends. Mr. Ramsay was sitt ing on a chair in his drawers and nightshirt quite unhurt, Chuckling quietly to himself, and remarking that he had had a grand chase after themn round the corners " like a steam en rine." Of eours'e, he was put t, b.id. and watched unremittingly by the land lady fromn that time '; ut this appear ed to be the. last elfort of the dreadful malady, for he gradually sank, and in two days was no more. Now came the cause of the landl:ady's diatt"ess. His friends ha'] been teli graphed for,and hald arrived that Iorn ing. The first thing they looked for was the gold watch he had shown nte-. It was gone. The room was sat'rchl'.!. and every box ransacked in vain. Then some strange looks, and soliie wordi- perhaps heedl.le-?sly dropp',ed- tttisl.id th honest widow to st:it roulnd and hotly demand whlit'ther tily thought she hiad stolen it? Sin:me awkward words fol lowed. and then. Lursting into tears. the. widow caine running all the way to the olliee t~, seek my adlvi ce. "Did you look: be'tweenl tile bed-tick and th. tn.attr:-ess?" 1 t??ked. 'No." "T will gii with you: I think you will find it there." I went, but wei did not find it there. I looked foolish, and felt angry. I had made sure of finding it where I had seen him hide it. Mr Ramsay's brother, who had supertntended the process, alppeared equally puzzled and concerned. I turned to the landlady. "Has no one else" been In the I'onol.t" "No a body. sir, as I'm a leteving wo man. lie had sar- mony valuable things that I was feared,. an' ket pit the door aye locked, an' the lay in my pocket." "Who dressed the bodYl? I suppos." it wt:s drtessel b.~-fore it was taken into the other rormn?"" "I dressed him myself. Oh, Sit. r. I lte been-t as carefu' o' his thin;'s as if they were my al., and I wadna wrang a flea." tearfully returned the landlady. " I canna, for the life o' me, think hoo the watch h,?s gaen anlissin'." I ran my eye round the room inl as complete a maze as herself. Everything had been tidied up, but I missed sot'me thing. "Who ch-aned Ill the' ronom?'' I aske:i a little sharply. "I cleaned it up myself." "Theni, where did you put the little japannedt box that stood on the lettet rack there?" "I never saw it. I haena seen it fo: lbencot a week. I thinlk; no' since that day you brocht hint hamue." "That's strange." "Yes, I thocht sac though he1 nrever kept onytitina ini it. an' I spoke tae hint thot it tu'xt day." "'Yoo 'lid. Well. what did he say?" "Ilie stoi, something. but he didna sn tak it 1:,." m11. lie whtispered it taLe the- diet.r." A" nd y- have never seen the box since?" "No; I di,:r. helieve it's the hoose." "V'er''y ei odi. Perhaps the watch and it have goe toigether. Don't worry yo, urser : aibout them. IMrs RIeid: perhaps tilcy are safe enough ;" and I at once took leaR. and madi mcl y way to George squtlre. I found tihe do,:c.r at honle, and with somlne ditll!ulty obltained an interview. "Did Mr R?tamsay entrust you with any article of value--a watch, for instance?" I aLSked, !'wntl I had introduced myself. HIe sta:'r . "Never." h- saidl at last. "'Never hintedt at such a thingx'." V\hew I lIrte n as a blow to my3 hopes. "'Not a litthl cashi box. nlade of ja panned tinl"' I added, stil faintly cling ing to the id-a. "Nothiing-nutlthing.'" "''Do you Iot remenimer seeing suchi an article on the tabla- inll his room?" "I catnot say that I do." "Try to think. Whlrn you were in the room tilhe day alter you 't-rOi', ?dklcd in did :Ile landlady. ill your hearing, not ask Mlir I:tmsay alout Sllch a bo;x?" "Yes. 1 b..lieve sit,, did." "Can 'you rtecollect his anstwer'" "Yes. it was an odd one. ite \wvhis pered to me that she wished to rob him of his watchl." "Did he s.y all'sthing inor1 ott the subject "' "Not a w iird. ItHe was only raving ; but I am t'ertain he s:,,ik no nlol-- a]out the watch while I remlained." That was tll that I could ge.t lout of him. .As I came away m1113 rellections were of a rather ruleful character. Here was a pr.etty mess to uniravel. A' watch \ias gone. ;tnd withi it an enlpty till box: and, so fa.r as I could judge,. no ordi nary thitif ,had taken it. Fronm the liret, I Imay say. I laidi it downt that th.e widow n'as the ruli. Had w't onlly kno\wnI how the watich h1ad one-i-had a burglary been clmnlnittdtI, a pocket picked. or a dishonest person admitted to the room the tlraickinIg of the criminal would have been plain sailing. A minlute destcription of the missing articles was distriliuted amonttg ths whole force. anid tile whole city-slnms,brokers. known receivers, pawnsllhops. anlld jewel lers-o-verhauled anid ransacked. But we didnl't get theln. Tlorse. we didn't so mnuch as hea'r of thelm. I 'was neither surprisd I·nor disappoin ted. It was exactly what I had antici ipated. But I was surprised wilheCn I re ceived the following scrap of writillng one afternoon a few days latr. It was brought to' the head oince in breathless haste vby l'glnraliahmll, :atd w'ritten in pencil: Comi' \vi,-h the lett'rr. I've found the lid of thiI cah box. A little boy had a strl'ing lid to it. an:d was uising it as a go-cart. at tie head of the -Wett Port. I'm waitilg here for his fathtir toming in from h..4 ; i,:u 1"SWENY. Yi'es;t ilrt. 4."0. I at onte 1 ort to the h:ouse- the siqualid 'iartret of a?i Irish laborer-and found 3['Sweeny ..saking himself nseful lby handlint. a .'eractiury child on his knee, and symnipathisingly cc.ndoling with the mothi'r. tlh shos'ed mle thile jaDannled lid, and. thoiugh it was a god ldeail scratched' I knt'. it - at onc'. ti' had noticed it i* the child's tos.'-esshii= onil the streei, Itd got out of hiilt thaL "his 5athl;" . ,av. it him.''" lad takenl him home, and was now ipa.tintlty '\'atilng for his fatih!r to make his appearance. T'.e had n:t long to wait. Hie came in hIot, tired, and dciusty. and naturally lookled surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. I showe'd himn the lil. "Where d~id you get that?" "Sure I found it-there's no hIarni in that, is th:er?" "Not the least. Can you remember where you found it?" "Faith I can. 'Twas in front Of a' watchmaker's shop in the Lothian road." "WVhich-the one near the shop?" "Yes. It was lying among the sweep ings. The box was there, too, but it waIs crushed and br!oken. so I dii,:'t lift it." "' .\N'- a-.- the man a trille anti 1 .ft the h",?":". tiak-lng the lid with It.. Two llillnute?'' wnalk lbrotght ius to tit- \watclh niaker's slop in the Lothian ro'!. Ihlfori entering we took a look at the window. All at onl'c we both \;'histled right out, atnd incredulolusly faced each other. Th:ere. str'ingL us in the face, with its beau tifully-cairt-,+' back turned out wards. \\\'as til' missing watch. tUnlike every olther watch in thi win dlow. it had no ticket or price' attached. \'.. c-nt..red thei shop and wi-l'e at onilce :tat,'te : to by a young Ilal. who, I was glad to say. did not know either of us. "\'V 'tld 3yollu let tnlt'" ,. that gold watch twihi t-e ~i'\rv,'(t boekl now: in the win It was 'lia-ed in my hand, and if " laid lany lnt it is to it-i identity it molst have val!nstid at once. "i\ha- is ih: plrice?'" I carelessly in quiree. "I rather think there is no prin: put iipni, it yet " was tit t answer. "It has olll b,-n ini the window aI few ihours iTe only '"got it last night.' "\Al. I se.. e ? lbelong to the detee ;i'e staff. will inii let nme look at your bok l ntaining the entrie. for ye-ter " tan l'.t you s?'e the book, but T don't think you will find that entered in it." "A ld why?" "?'aluse we didn't buy it." "Didn't buy it? Then who left it?" "An intimate friend of my father's. IHe hlft it on condition that if we sold it he would give' us whatever commission W'-. Ot?hose to askI on the transaction." "His tIname and address? IIhe o.ned the back of the watch, took out a thin slip, a-ld read: '.James N'tIson, No. -, Fountain Thridge." "Very goodl. T inus:t s'ee Ir Jatmes Nelson. This wat-ch has been stolen, and it is almost cer:ltain thilat we will be forced to talk- proosession of it: but ir. the tnetantime I will have it here with my companion. While I am gone you had bitter send for your father." "I will. iBut if it has been stolen I'm s-ll'- MI Nelson cannot be the thief,' for he is a sterling, ulpright, religious man." "Then he will be able to account for having it in his possession. Till 11e does so he is ptr'"sumably the thief." I said no more, but left the shop, cross ed over into Fountain Bridge. and with some hunting found thRt house-a half flat on the third storey. I heard them singing a hymn Inside. so I waited till they had finished, and then gently rang the bell. An elderly wo?monan - his wife, as I found-admitted me and showed me In to th(e kitchen, \where was seated the man I sought. V-e was at tine-lookling old man, a trifle stern, perhaps. in his bearing, but in appearanine' the very antipodes of a thief. An openi Bible lay on the table before him. IH looked up in surprise, but laid aside his spectacles at once, and at my request dismissed his wife and daugh ter. "You left a gold watch with the watch makerll over there to sell?" "I did." "'Where did you get it?" His eyes fell, and he appeared confus el. Still. it was not the confession of guilt. I could make that much out, and \wotndered accordingly. "Wlhat right have yot. to ask?" he said at last, having taken time to think. "The hest of rights. I am a detective. The watch "-e been stolen, and I have traced it to you. Where e'id you get it?" "Well, tlhen, if you must know - I found it." "A :ikely story." Ht- rose from his sea: and looked me full in tie face with his own flushed to the "yeltrows. "Sir, I am not a liar!" I felt rebuked, and said so. "Well, then," I said, frankly, taking his hand. "if you are not the thief, tell me all you know about it." "Well, sir, you mits. know that last we-ek a favorite cat of ours died. and it being about flitting time my wife did not like the idea of throwing it into the street to be kicked about like a tin pan iy the street hboys and she asked me to bury it in tie green at the back of the house." I looked out of the window. "There is no green at the back of the house." " I took the cat down, but while dig ting my trowel struck something har'd. I thought it was a stone, and put in my hand to pick it out. But it wasn't-it was a small japanned tin box. I shook it. I slipped it into my pocket, h:Nstily finished burying the cat, and hurried off to my work. The first quiet coiner I came to I opened the box and found a round bundle of flannel, and inside of it the gold watch you speak of. " \ecll, why didn't you at once give it up to the police ?" "Ik'.cause I've heard that they just k-i')p the things tlrat are found when they. are nlot claimed, and the finder gets nothinlg. I believe I dia wrong in that." "You to ost certainly did, as you may find presently to your cost." "'But I advertised it." "TWhere? When'?" "'\whneer I found it--in the 'Scots man." "Hay" you the paper handy " lie ilioduced it, and I read the;follow ing scrap, in an obscure corner:- - VWatch found. Owner may have it on icscribiltg it, a:nd where lost, and paying this. No,. 135S. "I'm afraid this won't save you much. \'Vhy did you lot give a more lucid de "Ilcause I was afraid someone might aelply fior' it lwho had no right to it." "].ut x ihy did you conclude that it was yours, and you ihad a right to sell it, be c:iuse no c? e appllied for it in thle short spai'c of :c week?" "'li1 tell you the truth, sir, I really didiI not think the watch had been lost." "WVha t tihcn?" "'The watch was so old-fashioned that I thought p'r'aus it had been buried there hundreds of yeanrs ago, and that the ,c-onlra wutre long since dead." "'xll. cv n ill that ease, cdn't i ",u l-:niw 'ill treasurre trovet belongs to the Crown? You would haIve lost nothing by giving ulip eithler, for It is culstonl:ly t,.IPi. sent the linde i- wi:h fall v'altte in the coin of the rellnm." "'1 eirtainly hae :heard something .)f such a law, but where wa\\-is i to find cthe Crown,'' "'Thrl:uglh any of its ,appointed agents -the police, thile rVe-eiu., thm: imagistl'ates allnd s forth. ulit surely you are not so .iot-o":iit or silly as to think that they us?ti jalalined tinll Ciiish btcxes hundreds of yt'i. s "s??.~Ig to ie anic 'a uy t i-i l- l'tlr--lle u "I dcln't know. I did not t c.nk el that." "'1 am sorry for you. biut I lI::y t:ll yt'i plainly I think . ",'l1 suffr fr i will b-e a mnact..-r ,it im.?pliiilsonmct "at 'ih 'n -m u 'lty-V-ti-- ill - r I"tti nt fI- lt alarm. and the tears crept in;to, his c-5"e's cis he in r'dulously -aspeud ol t: " TY ou - y )u a c: lnnl ot mll('a n l tha t, y; ,u 're joking.i "I ;'l ilot1. I ur w s 1110 m1l'' -'"!io ult 0f it 'afi." vsein i-ne tife. glutl:l." hvtocm me "I said nothing a-luet it to anyliodyg..' TdIan only made it look wilorsgte. thoight so; but his p l a ilta now; in-table I ad o lp him t t an his thin m Ipss. .~; L " There was a nice crying match when his wife and daughter were summoned and informed of the state of affairs; but thee" was nothing else for it-he must go and !+e locked up In gaol lik' any ordi n:, \i felon. l:s uilf eint offt in gre?-,l distre-ss to tal' her• minister., wthile, he follows-d me to I hi watchnlmaker's. The mnester hin,?ilI h:u; arrived. : :::1 from him I learnt-d how it :pp''erted that the jtapatnnled bOx hld "e?.cid,-ntally tbn lrok, n and thrown out with tle ev.-epinogu.' .Great efifiorts were mntd,- to save Net •oil fluom the ignominy of a public con viciOll--for he w\\\as really respected by a h v wide circle of :(:qutintin(eS, and, I belie-', at the bottom a good man-but Ilie of'feince 'was of too great a nature to be Ilssed ovver. Owing to the influence Iroughlilt to lhear on his case. and some ev- idncn(e wh]ich cropped up to confirm his store, hlie was not convicted of theft, but wilful detention oat property. He got thiriy days. and I have no doubt caine olt of prison a wiser antd more honest man il tihe deepest sense of the word. T'hI- s:unme evidencel which saved him ,.xlajineil ho;r the' wa:ltch and box came to b" turlied in the green. Very late on thl" night before the watch was found an ailin:' resident in an opposite house saw \--or f1ancii-d that he saw-the ghost of a mlt:ui clad in white get out at a low window and furtively dig at hole and bury something in it, after which he le'-.pedl in again, closed the window, and wa:s s?,en no more. The window was priove'd to be that of the room occupied by Mr I1:insay, and the night on which th-e wghost emerged from it was the iden tical one on which he "clhased themi round the corners like a steam engine." W'ith the cunning of a maniac, and under the imnpression that hle was about to be robbed of his darlfin wMatch, he had buried it outside his window. And had he recovered-and no cat died in the flat overhead-it is probable that to thi.s day he would never have known or rteme'm bered what lueiame of the japhonn'ed tin cash boxi. " Dundee Evening Star.") 