POOH, JOE. BY MARCUS CLARKE. CALL EIGHTS BESEEYED.] [PUBLISHED BV AEBAXGEMEST.] He was tbs ostler at Coppinger's, and they called him Poor Joe. Nobody knew whence he cauie ; no- body knew what misery of early mutila- tion had been his. He had appeared one evening,, a wandering swagiaan, unable to speak, and so . explain bis journey's aim or end - able only to mutter and gesticulate, making signs that he was cold and hungry, and needed fire and food. The rough crowd in Coppinger's bar looked on him kindly, having for him that sympathy which marked physical afflic- tion commands in -the rudest natures. Poor Joe needed' all their sympathies ; be was a dwarf, and dumb. . Coppiuger-r-bluff, blasphemous, and good-hearted soul-despatched him,, with.. many oaths, to the kitchen, and. when 4he next .morning the deformed creature volunteered in- his étrange eign-speech .ftp do some work that might " pay for \his lodging," sent him to help the ostler that ministered to King Cobb's coach horses. The ostler, for lack of a. better name, perhaps, called him "Joe," and Copphiger, finding that "the limping . mute, though he could speak no word of human language, yet had a marvellous power of communication with horseflesh, installed him as.under-ostler and stable helper, with a seat at the social board, ond\a wisp of clean straw in King Cobb's ; stable. " " "Ihave taken him on," said Coppin . ger, when the township cronies met the next night in the'bar. "Who?" asked the cronies, bibulously. V. disregarding grammar. " Poor Joe," caidvoppinger. The sympathetic world of Bullock town approved the epithet, and the de ' formed vagabond, thus baptized, was :. known as Poor Joe èvèr after. ' He was a quiet fellow enough. His totmost wrath never sufficed to ruffle a \- hair on the sleek backs of King Cobb's horses. His utmost mirth never went beyond au ape-like chuckle, that irra » «hated his pain-stricken face, as a stray gleam of sunshine lights up the hideous \- ness. of the gargoyle on some old cathedral tower, It was only when " in drink " that Poor Joe became a spectacle for stran- gers to wonder ati Brandy maddened him, and' when'thus excited his mts , «kapen soul would peep out of his sunken \- fiery eyes,' force his grotesque legs to dance unseemly sarabands, and. compel Iiis pigeon-breast to give forth monstrous and ghastly utterances, that might have been laughs, were they not so much like groans of a brutish despair that had in ita strange chord of human suffering. Coppinger was angry when the poor «Iwavf was thus tortured for the sport of , ifche whisky-drinkers, and once - threw . Frolicksouie Fitz into the muck midden for inciting the cripple to sputter forth bis grotesque crooniugs and snatches of gruesome merriment. " He won't be fit foe nothin' to-morrer," -was the excuse Coppinger made for his disnlay of feel- ing. Indeed, on the days that followed these debauches, Poor Joe was sadly \- downcast. Sven his beloved horses failed to cheer him, and he would sit, " wed-eyed and woebegone, on the post and-rail-fence, like some dissipated bird .? ,,©f «vii omen. J* . The;only thing he. seemed to love, save -Iris horses, was Goppinger,. and Gop-, , finger was proud of this simple affection. So .proud was he, that when he dis- covered'that whenever MisB Jane, the sister of Young Bartram, from Seven Creeks,' put her pony into the stable, the wad . pony-'was fondled and slobbered, over and caressed by Poor Joe, he felt \- Something like a pang of jealousy. ' Miss Jane was a fair maiden, with pale \- . gold hair and lips like the two streaks of crimson in the leaf of the white poppy, "ïbung Partium, owner of Seven Creeks Station--you could see the lights in the _ house windows from Coppinger's-had . wrought her from town to " heep house v for bim," and she was the beauty of the ; .country side. Frolicksoine Fitz, the \- pound-keeper, was at first inclined to, toast an opposition, belle (Miss Kate ?: JEtyder, of. Ryder's Mount), but when \- returning home one evening by the New Dam, he BAW Miss Jane jump Black Jack over the post-and-wire into the home station paddock, he forswore his allegiance. .. » %. ¡ "She rides like an angel," said pious t Fitz, and the next time he met her he fold her so. fi Now this young maiden, so. fair,rso g. _;flaripg, and so silent, came upon the gú. BuTütocktown folklike a new revelation. fî"Î^wM;ieaiiullj.,4àiàt shè tiaä stalked ^^^^i^biP:î.ike:ône^ his1 eôuàîy ^^pi|n, and -tíbe sébííonn aster, Mr. Frank O^iTOr^doUr- tîerfcifieated under ¿he ¡p|lgitó^^ that she ^ l^eft^ a ^fip^^^^Íulieú--/.? As nobody flayed f0MèotâiiLt "euolá«).Já Bulloéklboni-tîiis ^J^^^.t^^^ti^nti^.;:. &o;|>pmger ^^wöw/;, «lápniííg .vwith emphasis, his ^^^^^Í^S^^^ Miss 'Jane Twas^'a abd vrh'en he said that he said I 'everything. So, whenever Miss Jane ¿ ' Visited the township, she was received i': %ith admiration. Coppinger took off Î Áis liât to her, Mr. Frank Smith walked, ¡¿. ^thc station eray ßundav afternoon to see her, and Poor" Joe stood afar off and worshipped her, happy if she bestowed a smile upon him once, out of every five time's that he held her tiny stirrups. This taming of Poor Joe was not nu noticed by the whisky-drinkers, aud they came in the course of a month or so to regard the cripple as.part of the property of Miss Jane-as they regarded her dog, for instance. The school- master, moreover, did not escape tap- room comment. He was frequently at Seven Creeks. He brought flo/rers from the garden there. He sent for some new clothes from Melbourne. He eveu borrowed Coppinger's bay mare " Flirt " to ride over to the Sheep-wash, and Dick the mail-boy, who knew that Coppinger's mare was pigeon-toed, vowed that he bad seen another horse's tracks besides ber's in the sand of the Rose Gap-road. " You're a deep 'un. Mr. Smith," said Coppingeiv "I found yer out sparking; Miss Jane along the mountain track, j Deny it if yer can." ] But Frank 'Smith's pale cheek only flushed, and he turned off the question with a laugh, lt was Poor Joe's eyes that snapped fire in the coiner. So matters held themselves, until the "winter, wjien .the unusually .wet season forbade riding parties of pleasure. It rained savagely that year, as we all re-: member, and Biillocktown in rainy weather is not a cheerful place. Miss Jane kept at home, and Poor Joe's little eyes, wistfully turned to the station on the hill, saw never her black pony canter- ing round the corner of Archie Cameron's hayrick. A deeper melancholy seemed to fall on the always melancholy township. Coppinger's cronies took their " tots " in silence, steaming the whiie, and Cop pinger himself would come gloomily to the door, speculating upon evil unless the leaden curtain lifted. - But it did not lift, and rumour of evil came. Up the country, by Parkham and Merrydale, and Black Adders Gully, there were whole tracts of gauss-land under-water. The neighbouring station of Hail's, in the mountains, was a swamp. The roads were bogged for miles. Tim Doonan was compelled to leave his dray and bullocks at Tom and Jerry's, and ride* for his life before the advancing waters. The -dams were brimming at Quartzborough, St. Rey reservoir was running over. It was reported by little "M'Gleod, the sheep-dealer, that the old bridge at the Little Ciitnraera had been carried away. It was reported that Old Man Horn, whose residence overlooked the river, had fastened a bigger hook-to à larger pole {there was a legend td the effect that >0ld Man Horn had once hooked a body from the greedy liver, and after emptying its pockets, had softly started it down stream again), and was waiting behind his rickety door, rubbing- his withered hauds gleefully. Young Bartram rode over to Quartz borough to get M'Compass, the shire engineer, to look at his new dam. Then the coach stopped running, and. then Flash Harry, galloping through the township at night, like the ghost-rider in Burger's ghastly ballad, brought the terrible news:-THE FLOODS WEBE UP, AND THE GlJMMERA BANK AND BANE AT THE OLD CEOSSING-PLACE. " It will be here in less than an hour," he shouted, under Coppinger's red lamps; " make for the high ground if you love i your lives;" and so wet, wildTeyed, and white, splashed off Into the darkness, if ! haply he might warn the poor folk down the river of the rushing death that was j coming upon them. 1 I Those who were there have told of the horrors of that night. How the muddy street, scarce reclaimed from the river- bed! was suddenly full of-startled half dressed folk. How. Coppinger's was crowded to the garret. How the school- master dashed off, stumbling through the rain, to warn them kt Seven Creeks. How bullies grew pale with fear, and men*hitherto mild of speech and modest of mien, waxed ~&evj; hot with wrath at incapacity, and fiercely self-assertive in relegating fools to their place in the bewildered social economy of that general overturn. How the roaring flood came down, bearing huge trees, fragments of houses, grotesquely terrible waifs aud strays of household furniture upon its yellow and turbid bosom, timid women grew brave, and brave men hid their faces for a while. How old man Horn saved two lives that night. How Widow Rae's cottage, with lier .light still burning; in the window-sill, was swept off and car- ried miles, down stream. How Archy Cameron's hayrick stranded in the middle''of the township. How forty drowned sheep were .floated into the upper windows^ of the "Royal Mn il." How Patey Barnes's cradle, with ils new-born occupant ? sucking an uncoil scions thumb, was found jammed in the bight of the windlass in Mugby's killiug yai'd. How all this took place bas bean told, I say, by those who were present, and needs no repeating.- But one thing which took place shall be chronicled here. When the 'terror and confusion were somewhat stilled, and Cappinger, by dint of brandy and blankets, had got some strength and courage into the half naked, shivering creatures clustered in his ark, a sudden terrible tremour went through the crowd, like an electric cur- rent. In some mysterious way, no one knew how originating or by what fed and fostered, men came to hear that Bartram's dam was breaking. That is to say, that in ten minutes or less, nil j the land.,that lay between Coppinger's j and the river would be a raarinjr waste .-^'-liû^i^li&i;À^n.bss than.ten minutes* the Seven Creeks Station,- with ájl its inmates, would be swept off the face of the earth, and that if CoppingéVs _ Reaped it would he a thing to thank " God for. - After, the first sharp agony of self- j apprehension, one thought caine to each j -Miss Jane. " Good God,-' cries Coppinger, " eau nobody go to her ?" Ten men volunteered to go. " It's no good," said faint-hearted Riley, the bully of the bar. " The dam'll burst twice over 'fore you can reach the station." It was likely. " I'll go myself," cries' brave old Cop- pinger ; but his wife clung to his arm, and held him back with all the weight of her maternity. . " I have it," said Coppinger ; " Poor Joe'll go. Where is heP" Nb one had seeu him. Coppinger dashed down the stairs, splashed through the yard into the stable. The door was open, aud Blackboy, the strongest of King Cobb's horses, was missing. Cop. Î)inger flashed round the lantern he leid. The mail-boy's saddle had dis- appeared, and faintly mingling with the' raging wind and roaring water, died the rapid strokes of a horse pat. : 'Poor Joe had gone. * # # # # The house was already flooded out, . and they wei-e sitting (so I was told) with their arms round each other, not far from where poor Bartram's body was found, when the strange misshapen figure bestriding the huge horse, splashed ^desperately through the water, that was once a garden. " Rescue," cried Prank, but she only clung to him the closer. Poor* Joe bit his lips at the sight of the pair, and then, so Frank Smith averred, flung him one bitter glance of agony, sind dropping his deformed body from the back of the reeking horse, held out the bridle with a groan. In moments of supreme danger one divines quickly. Frank placed his be- trothed upon the saddle,-and sprang up behind her. If ever Blackboy was to prove his mettle, he must prove it then, for already the lightning revealed a thin stream of water trickling over the sur . face of the dam. . V* But what is to become of you?" cried Miss Jane. Poor Joe, rejecting Frank's offered band, took that of Miss Jane, .patted it softly, and let it fall. He pointed : to Coppinger's red light, and then to the black wall of the dam. No man could mistake the meaning^of that irena hiing finger, and those widely-opened eyes.. They said, " Ride for your lires ! ride !" plainer than the most eloquent tongue owned by schoolmaster could speak. It was no time for sentiment, and for, the schoolmaster there was but one life I to be saved or lost that night. He drove his heels into the good horse's sides, and galloped down the hill. God bless you. Joe!" cried Miss Jane. Poor Joe smiled, and then, falling down on bis* knees, waited, straining his ears to listen. It was not ten minutes, but it seemed ten hours, when, through the roar, he heard a, distant shout go up. They were saved. Thank God! Aud then the' dam burst ~ with a roar like thunder, and he was whirled away amid a chaos of tree trunks. ## v # # * * They found his little weak body four days afterwards, battered and bruised almost out of recognition ; but his great brave soul had gone on to judgment. 