A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRXINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt -street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from the most apparently incurable malady. It was on account or these rumors that a special reporter from the " Sydney Worksr" was despatched to^ get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos Jarvis was discovered nursing a two'year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able.to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing a few marks of critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that | he was an invalid no more. In reply to preliminary questions he saidYou want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an ; opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I was so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About fiye years ago next Christmas 1 met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in JPitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been m failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable, The painB were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting ray bones in two in every part of me, I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gavs me and order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order V •' No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed, 1 felt that it was all over with me, and only a j question of dajs when I would give ! up the ghost, My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the I agony I was in. I was und^r him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive loco motor ataxia, a disease of t&e; spinal chord, characterized by peculiar dis turbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinaiiag voluntary movements. He toid me that I might last ten years, and that I might never get the use of my lege. (Just then the patient kicked bis legs about with energy to ohow that medical opinion . is not infallible). Well, just so a ' drowning man willgraspat a btraw, X grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman/' by Dr. Williams' Pink Fills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. T determined to gave the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a bos. The effect was as marvellous as it waB magical. I was able to eat and sleep aa though nathing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams'Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." > " He is 100 per cent better." said Mrs. Jarvis., who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Fale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previous. I "I can now," continued Jarvis,1 " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. 1 ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pilll. They have saved my life. 1 am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the es cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me is amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, | and It confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such aB anaemia, pale and sallow com plexion, general muscular weakness indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. McGovjen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legis lative- Assembly, was seen bv our reporter in connection with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He alao knew that he had to give up his work at the Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that thfere was little chance of hie recovery. He under stood Jarvis was refused admission to I the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. McGowen was, therefore, like every one else who knew the facts, astound ed at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the. Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydnep, who will tor»vard (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2b 9d, or half 'doxen lor 15a 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are( gotten. 