The Sunday Question. A Digest of 'The Sabbath for Man.' By the Rev. B. Danks. i. The Origin op the Sabbath. The importance of rightly understand ing the Sabbath question cannot be overestimated, and we consider it abso lutely necessary for every Christian 'man to examine for himself the ground upon which the Church, in allagesyhas considered that it is absolutely binding on the followers of the Lord to observe one day in seven as a day of rest and worsnip. ine various theories upon the question are as follows : — 1\. The Edenic origin of the Sabbath is denied. It is said that Moses sought to give the day the force and sanction of a Divine decree Dy associating it with the Creation, the traditions of which were familiar to him. 2\. That it is mainly of a utilitarian character, being given to the Jews as a memorial of certain national events, and was abrogated by the Lord's Day taking its- place. 3\. That it was an exclusively Jewish institution, and was abrogated with other Jewish ceremonials at the coming of Christ. 4\. That it was but a type of spiritual rest in Christ, and now all days are alike sacred. 5\. The Decalogue being a moral code, all its provisions are perpetually bind ing, consequently Saturday, not Sunday, should be observed. 6\. The Anabaptists, Antinommians, and Plymouth Brethren abolish the distinction of days. 7\. The Sabbath was first observed in Eden and has been observed from that time. Our Lord said, ' The Mail's Sabbath was made for Need. man,' and the plain in ference is that if man needed it in the past for rest and wor ship, he still needs it, for while men die, man lives. Mons, Proudhou says : 'In the celebration of the Sunday lies the most fruitful principle of our future progress.' Robertson writes: 'Eternal as the constitution of the soul of man, is the necessity for the existence of a day of rest.' Sir David Wilkie, the well-known painter, once remarked that 'those artists who wrought on Sunday were soon disqualified for working at all,' and the experience of all ages, and all countries is, that moral debasement and anarchy are the result of un broken absorption in mere secularities. The fitness of one day's rest in seven to man's physical need . demonstrates its appointment aa the result of a wisdom higher than human, especially when it is remembered by what slow processes of reason and experiments' he arrives at all important scientific truths. But some say that man did not need the Sabbath in Eden. Day and night was in Eden, and the latter could only be for rest. If so, would not the Sabbath be needed for the same, and for worship? But we are not left in doubt as to an Edenic Sabbath if we read Gen. ii. 1-3. A question has arisen as to the meaning of the term day. Geology now defines it^as a period of time of a linger or shorten duration. But the authority for the Sabbath does not depend on the interpretation of the term, but on the conclusion of the creation, when God, viewing His work, saw it was good, and blessed the seventh day, or period, and so hallowed it for all time. ?pijg This brings into view the Proleptical proleptical theory, or the Theory. dating of an event before its proper time. It is said by some that God did not at the con clusion of creation actually bless the seventh day, but ages afterwards, at the giving of the Law; or if He did then so bless it, He did it in a ' prophetic or anticipatory kind of way.' If this were true, then Moses is certainly unreliable, and there is no incident recorded by him which may not in like manner be explained away. Some men of eminent When was authority in the Christian it instituted? Church have maintained that the Sabbath was a purely Jewish institution. But this raises the question as to when it was instituted. They say at the giving of the manna when the children of Israel were forbidden to gather it on the seventh day, and that it was confirmed or established as a law. at Mount Sinai. A study of the proclamation on the question when the manna was given quite refutes that idea. Moses says: — '? The Lord hath given you the Sabbath, therefore He givetli you on the sixth day the bread of two days.' The gift of the manna preceded the gift of the law, and in the passage quoted we see that the gift of the Sabbath preceded the gift of the manaa. A powerful argument in this connection is found in the fact tha^ M -ses never hinted that the Sabbath originated in connection with any event but the creation.. Some ask, ' Can we find What of the any trace of the Sabbath Patriarchs ? in patriarchal times ?' Let it be remembered that Genesis was not written as a treatise on patriarchal rites, but to demonstrate the Divine origin and character of certain institutions. If the Sabbath were mentioned, we should expect to find it recorded in connection with worship. During a period of 1600 years, from the fall to the deluge, there are only three references to worship. 1 Yet who will deny with Heb. xi. 13., before him that there were holy men during those 1600 years'who kept holy day and worshipped God constantly. Abraham was a devout man, yet we only find four references to his worship of God. The fact is, the Sabbath was too familiar to the Jews to require support from incident and argu ment. If the silence of Scripture is to prove that certain rites did not exist then, from the crossing of Jordan to the birth of Christ, a period of 1500 years, circumcision was never mentioned, and we have no mention of the Passover for 600 years ; were these rites not observed ? But Scripture is not quite silent on the Sabbath question during patriarchal times. Cain and Abel pre sented their offering 'at the end of days,' or at the conclusion of a period. Job offered a seventh sacrifice, some say one sacrifice for each son. But he haji also three daughters, would he not offer for them ? Noah had seven days allowed him for final arrangements before the flood, and from the un covering of the Ark to the time' of his departure from it was fifty six days or eight weeks, and that day was made a day of worship on which God made w covenant with him. Ln connection with Jacob's dealings with Laban, the word week actually occurs, and the religious aspect of the number seven must not be overlooked. The Lord -^e Scripture declares of the Christ to be the Author Sabbath. Creation in association with the Father and the Holy Spirit. As such, He claimed to be Lord of the Sabbath, and in that capacity He modified it so as to make it com memorate not only the conclusion of Creation, but also the conclusion of His redemptive work when He entered into His rest, as He did at the conclusion of Creation. , Not in so many words was the alteration made, but by His practice which indicated surely His mind and will. He rose on the first day of the week, and made it a day of instruction and comfort for His disciples. Eight days after we find Him doing the same thing. The Holy Ghost was given on the first day of the week. The disciples met for worship on the same day, and John writing only sixty-nine years after Christ's ascension, mentions the Lord's Day as a day familiar to all Christians. Surely the early Church must have known the mind of the Lord on this matter, for all down the line of Christian Church history we find the day recognised. Some early Christians believed that Christ, by actual command, altered the day, and with Acts i. 2, 3 before us, it ie quitt- possible. A re cently-discovered manuscript called ' The Teaching of the Twelve Apostles,' and many of the Fathers, speak of the day as being altered. The day of Christ's resurrection is the day which the Lord hath made, and we will rejoice and be glad in it. 