Mr. Wilson Barrett on Hamlet. Mr. Wilson Barrett holds some strong opinions on the way the traditions of Hamlet have been allowed to interfere with the actual text. In fact, he contends that " to no play has tradition done so much | harm aB Hamlet. In the published acting versions, the fourth act commences with the meeting of the king And queen, the invariable ending to the third act being I mnat b« nrnel only tn be kind ; Thus bad begins, but; wnrsn remains behind. The king learns that Hamlet has just slain Polonies. He confides the secret to Rosencrsntz and Guildenstern • they are sent to find the bodv of Polonius. and before that task is accomplished. Ophelia enters, mad with grief for her father's death, of which she has never beard, and descrihes in her madness his funeral, which bas never taken place. Remember, too. that Laertes was in France when his father was murdered, that the news had to travel from Denmark to France, that Laertes had to journey from France to Denmark, and stir up the rebellion which he guides and leads—and all this has been done in the few hours, or .rather minutes, which elapoe between the slaying of Polonius and the despatch of RoRoncrantz and Guildenstern to find the bodv. Hamlet has heen sent a moment before to England : ere he has had time to cross the courtyard of the castle, a letter is brought to the king from Mm, in which ho says he has been "three days at sen." has heen captured by the pirates, and has been hy them pet. naked on the shores of Denmark. Whet, a jumble is here! And yet for generations this maltreatment of this glorious tragedy has heen | allrw<l to pass unquestioned. Rv finishing the act. where Shakspeare meant it should be finished—viz . after Hamlet's departure for England—we got the interipgnum which the dramatist intended. Rome six weeks have elapsed, there has been time to bury Polonius, time for Ophelia's grief to affect her brain, time for Laertes to travel from France, and time for Hamlet to be captured by the pirates at sea, and to he released again." • * • " Shakppeare," says Mr. Barrett. " was too practical a dramatist not to take the utmost care in, so to ppeak, labelling his characters, that the actors in h:=- iVivq might not have the least excuse for making a mistake aR to his intentions" Mr. Rarrott adducPM proof that Hamb-t, is not mad. " Is he ever mad in soliloqnv? In he ever mad with his one trusted friend Horatio ? Ho feigns madness to cloak his designs and lull the suspicions of the king. So all-important t.n the understanding of the character of Hamlet, does Shakspeare consider this that he brings the ghost hack twice t.o make Horatio and Mare.ellus swear that thev will nevei re veal.hy act or deed, the fact that Hamlet is not mad. Hamlet'R inaction, retrospection, and indecision are often insisted upon as another sign of mental weakness. Surely far too much stress has been put upon this one side of his many-sided character. As a fact. Hamlet at times acts with themnstremarkablequicknessarid decision." And in support of this Mr. Barrett quotes several instances, including the killing of Polonius, who is mistaken for the king. * * # " It is too often supposed that Hamlet delavs his revenge over a period of some years. This is another absurd mistake; as a matter of fact, the whole action of the plav does not Pxtend over four months. At the opening of the play, Hamlet's father has heen dead harely two months.—"nay. not so much.—not two " In the play-scone in the third act. Ophelia save. "'Tis twice two months, my lord:" so that from the beginning of the first act to the close of the third we must allow about ten weeks. Allowing six weeks for the time between Hamlet's murder of Polonius and the death of Ophelia, we have only the four months ; for Ophelia dies at the end of the fourth act and is buried at the commencement of the fifth. • • • In the oft-discussed point of Hamlet's age. Mr Barrett agrees with those who hold the Prince to be quite a young man. quoting line after line to prove the correctness of this view. He also shows the absurdity of a gravedig^er, whose age is assumed to he forty-two. being made up to look-like a very old man. The lines fixing his age at forty-two have crept into the text without thought on the part of the interpolator, and the actor while altering the text retained the conception of the character. The other line, " Yorick's skull has heen buried in the earth three and twenty yearp," has heen inserted for the same purpose; the original line rends "a dozan years " The other Hops are no more Shakspeare's than the passage introduced for-the same purpose, reading. "Onr son is-fatand scant of breath." The statement that Hamlet is thirty-years of age no more accords withy the, rest of the play i;haP does the line, "fat and eoanhof breath" flecordwith (Ophelia's description of Hamlet, "The glass-of fashion and the mould of form." J ' VP'r'V • ' •« \- Mr. Barrett could give a lively half-hour to the Shako-Baconians by setting forth his firm belief that Betterton, "unquestionably a very successful exponent of the character, was taught how to play the part by Sir William Davenaut, who received his conception of the character directly from Shakespeare himself. There is no question of Davenant's intimacy with Shakespeare, and, if my evidence he trustworthy, ha transmitted his conception of the piece, gained from bi° intimacy with the author, to Betterton." From t he foregoing it can be safely anticipated that a Hamlet of extreme interest is to appear to-morrow night $t the Princess' in Mr. "Wilson Barrett. 