DIAMONDS AT NULLAGINE. Perth, November 10. Mr. A. Krakouer has returned from a trip to Nullagine in search of diamonds. He was accompanied by some South Afri can diamond miners, who pronounced the country similar to that met with in South Africa* and are highly pleased with the prospects. The locality is 200 miles inland from Port Hedland, and the party was a rortnignt on the held, during which time several diamonds were secured, for one of which £25 has been refused. It is stated that the country is splendid for agricul tural purposes, and there is an abundance of water. PERTH, November 11. The expenditure for the month of Oc tober was £200,l)»3, as compared with £262,204 for the corresponding month of last year. PERTH, November 13. Mr. Lipton Kauffman, a boot manufac turer, carrying on business in Perth, took his wife and family for a drive near Clare niont this afternoon. l\\.auffman went into the river for a swim, got beyond his depth, and was drowned. His body was quickly recovered by . the police, and though a doctor was in attendance immediately nothing could save his life. An inquest is to be held to-morrow. The police found the body of a newly born infant, much decomposed, wrapped in a newspaper, at West Perth to-day. The body of Mr. William Brockman, a very old resident of the colony, and con nected with some of the leading families, was found in his home, about four miles from Gingin. The body was in a kneeling posture and was much decomposed. Evi dently 'he had been dead for some days. Residents of Canning Park have com plained to the police of the antics of a man, who, dressed up as a ghost, has been making the practice of perambula ting near the churchyard about 12 o'clock nightly. A section of the residents pro fess to believe that it is a ghost and keep lamps burning all night to scare him off. ? PERTH, November 14. Cable advices received locally state that a dividend of not less than 10s. will be de clared by the Lake View Consols Company early in December. The Supreme Court to-day dealt with the case of Munro v. Penny, a claim for £1,000 damages, for alleged negligence in connection with certain professional trans actions between the two parties. The plain tiff was a mining agent, and the defendant a solicitor, of Menzies. The court found for the defendant on the ground that no negligence had been disclosed. PERTH, November 16. During the hearing of a case in the Supreme Court to-day, the plaintiff, an Indian, said although he was a British subject, the police had told him that he would be arrested if he carried on business, as the Goldfields Act prohibited the issue of a business license to Asiatic or African aliens. Mr. Justice Hensman expressed surprise at the existence of such a state of things, and said it was a wonder that some solicitor had not taken the matter up before. It was clear that under the Act British subjects, wherever born, could enjoy the privilege of obtaining a business license. The kind of treatment that ap peared to have been jneted out to the Indian, a British subject, must not be al lowed lo continue. 