SQ rTJE Ja;o OR, FMI LOVE OF A BONillE SCOTCH LASSIE. SB ST. GEORGE IhATHBOIN0.' . authorof -"nCadet Egptian Skies." "Miss auline of Neiw YNork." etc. CATAPR IPE1 RHAPS A FOOL'S ERRAND. "Stop-we drop off here." sies onut Jack Travers, as he thrusts his head from a carriage that has just assed the .magTiScent Scott mnonumnent f.cinu Prirees street, in the beautiful eit of Et tiburghi. The Caledonia, Jeihu draws un, to, the kIerb and his two passengers alight. In front of them i.; a picture. excelled no where on earthl. Just ac?sse the gremn vallyY, made ;int a park. rises the Uegged cliff, on 1op of which is p.-rchcld the Castle. outlined li, the c!ear. soft Xconlight, the scene of man.- stirring nuid romantic incidents in Scott'sh his tory. It is eleven by tlhe neighboring clocks, .-nd the night one in A reeont 3M1y. The long twilight has given way abou: ten to the coming of darknless; but :a Off over the Notlh Sea rises a. battered locking object, yclept the inoon, now on the decline. Jack seems to be a young rain; there is nothing at all extraordinary-about his ppeMarance, as seen on this moonlit night, only that his quick actions would mark him as a fellow of considerable energy. His companion. on the contrary, pro mn1lses to attract an abundance of atten tion in the streeis of Edinburgh, beLng a Chinaman, who still wears his oueue, and insists on dressing, to some extent at least. in his national garb. "Ve'ol," says Jack, v.hecn the vehiicle rolls away from the spot, "here we are, Ah Sin, safely landed in Princes street. Look up yonder, my boy; what d'ye think of' that sight?" 'Possibly this is the originra Ah Sin. of whom the gifted Californian muse has sung; certain it is no other heathen Chlnee could ever give points to this adentical Mongolian n i the "ways that are dark and tricks that are vain." Ah Sin has been through it all. Jack found him in the mines, and the Celestial tsved his life in spnue way, which piece of charity cemented the bonds of friend ship between them, so that they are now inseparable in the character of master and man. Jack could not shake off this humrnan leech if he tried, and he has Snever dreamed of attempting it. since 'the other is too useful a henchman. "ieven o'clock," says Jack, after he has forced All Sin to express admiration for the moon-bathoed Castle, rearing its massive walls upon the heights beyond the Grass Market. "You see, we have loads of time: twelve was the hour ap pcL.te-d-"that witching hour, when churchyards yawn and graves give up their dead.' Let us then saunter along Princes street in the direction of Calton Mtil!; and when we come to the no-th bhiicg over i.the allroad ,w-e cross to U"igi street, from which we can easily reach our destination, the historic Canongate." If Ah Sin hears, he makes no reply, b'fing accustomed to such soliinquics on the part of the remarkable gentleman. wit .!l whose strange fortunes he has t for several years been united. In adversity as well as prosperity this simple follower of Confucius has proven as-faithful as the needle to the Pole. He Iknowsmniore of Jack's life tlan any other person on earth, but secrets re main inviolate in his heathen breast. SEe walks beside Jack. a trifle to, the ear, as tiouigh he wsould iot presume. Ah Sin knows his place, and in his eyes this tall young man is a god whom he t Srorships In secret. Now' and then Jack speaks - hI does all the talking. apparently, but it serves to free his mind, and Ah Sin is like a sponge, always receptive, though ready I to give up what he has retained at the .slightest wish of the master. . A strange tie it is that unites these two. At this hour on a cool May evening there are many people to be seen on the favorite promenade of the northern capi tal. Probably a stranger's eye would be attracted first of all towards the .Xighland soldiers, seen singly, in groups, or it might be walking in loving corn munion with some bonnie lassie: fine, otalwart fellows they are. decked brarely in the kilt of their clan, and showing the usual bare knees. A couple of picturesque Newhaven fishwives. with huge baskets on their heads, peddling cooked sea-food. per lhaps monster crabs. pass by. and Jack is bound to give them a second glance, while even the taciturn Al Sin grins at sight of their bare ankles seen under the ( ihcrt petticoats. Martial music thrills the air; a com pany of boy soldiers wheels into view, and goes marching past, keeping excel lent time. The sound of the drum is no novelty in any city of her Majesty's klominions. since the foremost nation of the world must of necessity rear a race of warriors. Even the children inherit the fever for hearing arms. Jack and Ah Sin have by this time al most. reached the Register House build ing, and find quite a crowd lining the pavement as they halt to watch the young Scottish soldiers pass; but, Etrange to :ay, few, if any cheers mark their progress-a fact that surprises the !American, who understands not the un demonstrative ways of these canny citi zens of Edingurgh. A few inquiries no', and Jack cuts across the street in front of the post ofuice, with Ak Sin running behind. North Bridge opens before them; un- 1 derneath lie the tracks of the railroad, .where engines are shunting vans and carriages backward and forward with tireless "rapidity. Then comes High street, leading on the one hand to the castle, and on the other changing into that historic region known ] as tlhe Canongate. It is a justly celebrated quarter of the ; old town, and one surrounded by luild- r Sngs, antique in their design, which have \ looked down on persons famous in his tory. Along the Canongate nearly an hour e before midnight few people are abroad. Jack comes to a pause ere plunging into its recesses, and surveys the prospect. "Wth a full moon overhead this street must present an artistic effect on ac count of the odd gables and balconies I Sand dormer windows of thie houses, each so different from its fellows; butjust aow:the shadows play at hide and seek, and the prospect looks anything but al luring to Jack. * "I say. Ak Sin, you and I have seen some queer places in company. Look kalown there; notice the strange effect of the moonlight on the Old Tolbooth and Itts neighbors - the bars of silver seem like banners waving on the walls. What .kioe 'the. picture neind "you most of?" "Me tink it velly much like Chinatown , Ea .Sii Flanclsco," responds .' Rj -com gmanion, glibly, t' twhlch Jackl iighs. " 'Just my 'iea to a dot. Now, this re .69 2 markable street may be as safe at this * hour of the night as Broadway at noon; blt coniidering the peculiar circumstan Ies, there's something a trifle suspicious tb me in its being appointed a rendez vous. At any rate, Ah Sin. we will Skeep) on our.guard. It isn't often you and I have bee] caught napping." They adlvance and enter the sacred precincts of wha.t was, two centuries back, the centre of Edinburgh's aristo cratic homes. If the street were per-. fectly straight, the eye could follow along it to the domains of Holyrood Palace, the f;ane of which in song and story has long been familiar to every people on the globe. . WVhaiever mission brings this young 'S Americain into the Canongate at this weird hour. he seems, at any rate. to be it carrying out soome well arrangped plan. d Th-re is nothing in his manner to indi Scan' that his expedition may be of the Quixotic order, though his almond-eyed retainer would doubtless serve nobly as Sa mnodern Stiacho Panza. Indeed. such is tih faith of poor All SSin in the invulnerable abilities of the e ex-inullr and cow?ahoy that -Jack could not po!s~ibly originalte a preposterous sclhemie in which tile other would not iminediately believe with heart and soul. S Sauntering sloJvly on. Jack casts an d occa-ionnl glance aloft, an'd presently t finds that they are exactly under the great clock suspended in air far up the f'ac of the Old Tolbootl. "-te go no further,. Al Sin. This is the camping ground where we are t. Scol our heels waiting on tie pleasure Sof- -well, some one. If we fail to-night, "t then to-morrow at the same hour - any Snigh;: this week will do. By the way, \- you have the weeds, my dear fellowe 3 oblige me with one. Somei time to wait; and tobacco is very soothing, you know." Tie longolian squire- to this nine steenth-century knight hs, already t whipped out the sacred case containing 1 the precious condensed incense to the gods. and handing one of the weeds to his master, he speedily supplies a light, \- apparently enjoying the sight of Jack's -conten?iient more ..than he would the Ssmoking of the cigar himself. "Peculiar arrangement this," continues Sthe young manl; "don't remember ever having met the equal before. Bound to see it through: never known to quit a Sgame as long as 1 could hold on-eh, Ah . Sin? I've passed through something of wild life as a cowboy and ranch-owner, and finally a miner; but the last state tha t has fallen to my share is perhaps the most singular of all. Don't fancy it Scan't believe I have any right to accept; that's why I am here searching for'her. Find her yet, if I have to turn old Edin burgh upside down, or follow that rascal over the sea to Havana, whence he came. Heigho! this is an odd world. What's the time up there?--half- past eleven by the Old Tolbooth clock, and Jack Tra vers that was standing in the Canongate waiting for Fate to toss him a favor. Will (I find what I seek? That's an open question; but since this photograph fell into my hands I nust confess to an ill terest in the hunt second to none in my Whole life." Just beyond the stone stairs against which Jack has been carelessly leaning stands a street lamp, and Impelled by some strong motive, the. young man saunters in that direction. From a pocket he takes ont a note book, and unfastening the rubber hand of this, golntly draws iot 3 card photo graph. 11\. u tueia 0. 't"lmn of the best piOLoI gralpher in Edinbi?rgh. -nie 'face i that t of a young girl-a charming face, that could hardly lbe found outside Scottish borders; for the claims of Scotch lassies as queens of beauty have long been re cognised as well founded, and hardly t need the inspired pen of a Burns to court the favor of the world's judges. Jack seems to devour the picture with c his eyes. "Yes," says Jack, almost savagely, "I believe it with all my heart. This is my I fate-sweet Jessie Cameron; and could I win her heart, gladly would I forego all t those wonderful blessings Fortune has of late seen fit to shower on me. -And it is to fird her f have come to this northern capital, visiting the Canongate like a t thief in the night, and courting not only arrest as a prowler, but what is worse, a e cold in the head. Some secret influence I works against me, I have reason to be lieve;but I'm bound to reach my goal if I have to follow the original of this pic- I ture half way round tihe world, and even t to that fever-racked gem of the Antilles, i Old Cuba. He actually sighs as he carefully re- a places the picture in its receptacle, and f then casts a quick glance round to dis- 1 cover if anyone has beena witness to his action. Not a soul appears to le in sight save t Ah Sin. and that acute Celestial has his back turned towards his young master, as though he would avoid giving him an t awkward feeling - wise old Ah Sin, I reader of human nature and pupil of the greatest of diplomats, Li Hung t Chang. Jack is just about to return to his former place of vigil, where he can rest his broad shoulders against the stone stairs leading above, when a strantge thing happens-the most remarkable ever-t in his experience so far as the vagaries of chance are concerned. le hears a sound of wheels, and I realises that a vehicle of some sort is advancing from the direction of High 1 street-a vehicle that is being carried at a rapid pace by the animal in the shafts. Perlhaps some lhclated traveller endea voring to catch his train-an experi enced traveller who has bought the cabby body and soul by the promise of an extra shilling if they succeed. They come spinning on at a joyous pace. and naturally Jack has his eye on the vehicle as it approaches, little dreaming how much his fate is bound up in that cab. As though thie inmate has become somewhat anxious over his where abouts, a face appears just as they are passing the lamp-post, a face that is so familiar to Jack that its presence here in old Edinburgh almost takes his breath away. Hie opens his mouth as if to call out a. name; but before it Can leave his lips the strangest part of the whole affair comes to pass. Why it should happen just there in the presence of Jack Travers must be left to those more skiful in solving the problems of Fate.. The three sisters spin their threads, and weave them into the warp and woof that go to make up the fabric of human lives with mar vellous skill; and, looking back, we sometimes shudder to contemplate what a change must have come over our for tunes if certain events, upon which our plans have been based, had not oc curred. At all events, one of the wheels of the cab takes a singular notion to.proceed 1 on its own account, haviLng secured a divorce from the axle and its running mate. The result naturally is a sudden wreck of the vehicle; the horse takes it upon himself to fling up his heels and might have beaten .the cab into matchwood, as the driver sprawled upon thestones, only that Jack springs out and grasps his bit in a firm hand, effectually quell ing the insurrectionary spirit that had cropped up in the usually sedate animal. CHAPTER .II.--THE HOUSE WITH F •-F THE SEVEN- GABLES. , The driver has-been .omentairtly over whelmed by the disaster that has come upon him without a second's warning;. is but he quickly recovers hishead, anfd L; picking himself up from the street, runs \- to the assistance of the young man, ; " have the beast all right; look you to the passenger-I'm afraid he's been 1 hurt." sings out'Jack, whose long famili u arity with the broncho of tlhe American prairies during his life as a cowboy ha? I taught him many a trick. by means of s whicl tle mlost spirited horse might be held in check. Obediently the Jehu turns towards his dilapidated vehicle. He finds some dif ficulty in opening the front, which has suffered from the horse's heels or a sud den collision with the pavement; but presently succeeds, and just as Jack is Piving- the horse over in charge of a po liceman who comes runningi up. the in Inmlt of the forlorn hansonm is assisted FIortune lias indeed played him a scurvy trick. for he is badly battered. and doubtless believes the case far: worse than it will turn out in the end. Jack rechmembers. tie glimpse lie had of the tgentleman's face, and is more the;-n curious to ascertain whether it can hi" possible he( knhnw' this; unfortunate r;iveller. So le bends over him. ind l discovers h le has made no mistake. Howard Spencer!" he exclaims. The man, who has been groaning withl pain, and-eis evidently considerably be wildered by the blows he received, looks ;at him vacantly, as he mutters: "Th'tat twas my name once- hea.rd it somewhere or other. Badly hurt. ain't I? Too iagioed mean it comes just when I was about to take a leap into the lap of Fortune. She told me no good could come of it. Say, who are you, anyhow?" -to Jack. who bends over. "Why. Howard, old boy, don't you re memnber me-Jack Travers?" says the other, cheerily. The man on the pavement breaks out into a laugh-a harsh laugh, that grates on the nerves. "Tell that to the marines. Jack Tra vers! W'hy. he's dead, and I'm his ghost '-take my oath on it. Haunted by the name. What's all this? Blood? Then I'm badly hurt, ain't I? Must go on promised to be there by twelve. A for tune at stake, you know. Help me up, you fellow. Don't you' know a gentle man when you see him? Now show me the house with seven gables at the cor ner. I tell you I must get there, or all is lost." Thie man lias an mazing amount of pertinacity about him; at any rate, he reels forward, takes three steps, and falls headlong, so that it is only a quick movement on the pirt of Ah Sin that saves him from crashing to the pave ment. "Badly hurt. I will send for help and have the gentleman taken to a hospital," says a second police officer, who has ar rived. It woulld be a wise plan," remarks Jack. "for lie may have received inter nal injuries. You see he talks as if he's oil his head." By this time numerous heads have ap peared at windows along the Canongate, and a small crowd has collected around the broken hannsom. w-hich the driver is endeavoring to patch temporarily to gether, so that he may drag it away to tile minws where his quarters are lo cated. Jack attempts to iquestion the man. whom ihe has apparently known at some former Period of his adventurous past, hoping to discover where he puts up ; u, t" e otnet .!e ,' no.attention, mut tering4to himselt o.bit-.his happointmeintt and ''coningi h10-lJoy -,- .-- ha moves his wrenched or broken arm. Tuining to the hansom driver, Trav ers learns that he picked up his fare at thie station, the gentlemane having come oy a aciaycti train. Quickly. in response to the policeman's call, an ambulance arrives, showing how systematically everything is done in this beautiful city on the Forth. The unfortunate gentleman is lifted into it. and almost before Jack realises the fact, the vehicle vanishes down the street. le turns round; the Jehu is also lear ing the spot. with his horse towing the wrecked hansom; the little crowd dis perses, heads are drawn in from win dows, and almost like magic the Canon gate resumes its normal state of mid night silence. Jack rubs his eyes in bewilderment. "Come, was all this a dream, or did it really happen? That-poor fellow had an awful shake-up. Once we were chums, and many times have we slept under the same blanket, until that litle affair down at Santa Fe separated us. I never could forgive Howard his treatment of that black-eyed beauty. What brings him across my path again, and, of all times, now? HeIgho! what o'clock is it up there--eleven-fifty? How the minutes drag! Have I really been asleep and dreaming! Ah Sin, did a vehicle smash to pinces here?" 'he demands, turning on his faithful follower. "Velly muchee smashee up," replies the Celestial, with an angelic smile. And a gentleman was hurt?" "Yep. velly sure; he talkee in air," responds Ah Sin, nodding eagerly. "And Ithey carried him to the hos pital?" "Takee to dead house, allee samec," declares the Mongolian, rather flip pantly; for the heathen Chinee has no heart for any one outside of Jack. "H'm! Well, that settles it; but I'm hardly able to believe it happened even now. Perhaps you dfeamed the same thing I did. VWhere's your proof, Ah Sin? No broken hansom, no wounded gentleman, nothing a. all to show." "How this?" and the man from the East holds a small package aloft. "A packet of letters tied with a string. Wrhere under the sun did you get those, my good man?" "On street - fall from pocket of Howard, allee samee." "The deuce you say. Then why -. Bilit never mind; I'll take charge of them and see that he gets his property in the morning when I hunt him up at the hospital. At any rate, this is proof enough I wasn't dreaming. I wish I could be as sure about his raving. My ghost, eh? Well, I like that - rathbr. cool, to say the least. Haunted by my. name is he? 'Well, I'm sorry, but I never thought it was so atrocious as that. What else did he say about going on?-had an' appointment at twelve that he must, fulfil. Rather un fortunate, but lie seeinumore in a con dition to keep one in the other world. A fortune at stake, eh? Why, that's sortething in my own line. Deuced odd we both should have visited the Canon gate at midnight on errands involving the fiFlhy lucre! Show him the house with seven gables at the corner. That was where he had the appointment, I reckon. Is there such a house near here? I've a charitable notion to saun ter on a little bit and see. It would, perhaps, be doing a favor if I dropped in and explained to the good folks Just why Howard failed to turn up. "It wasn't his fault, goodness knows. Wheels will sometimes fly off their base, and give an unexpected twist to a man's fortunes. I've had such things happen myself. He said all might be lost- unless he got there. That would be a pity If a few minutes of my time can save the day. "Howard and I are no- longer the friends we once were, but I'm enough of a philanthropist to do that little thing for him.' Hello! Two - four - six; yes. seven! And at he corner, too. Without a d1bubt that miist be the identical build ing he spoke of. Perhaps I may lose miy 'chance of meeting my correspondent to I night, but even that must not keep Jack STravers from his duty. Ah Sin, rmy boy, do you see thiat building over yonder \- the house of seven gables-the house to Swhich the poor gentlemin wras driving vwhen his tyre was pul:tured? ~Well, I'in going over to sound *. tattoo on the door. and let them know vwhiy HIoward fails to show up. You see there air lights-they evidently expect hinl. A fortune. ihe said : perlhaps some old wurthli uncle waiting to make him hli: heir. Poor uncle! I'm sorry for him. knowring the said iowaltlrd of old. Now watch me. my boy, and take ai lesson. Tiis is the gentleman's rap - not the postman's or the man -with a bill." Evidently this same Jack Travers, bachelor, is inclined to be rather a ' facetious individclrJl, capable of seeing something In life beyond mere exist -enlcc. i 1ie gives tile knocker several resonant blovws, which echo along the quiet street. Some one is he.nrd advancing on the other side of tie duor, and a hb'rnd fumlbles the chain. Evidently the in mates of this queer house with . th,. gables (do not put implicit confidence in their neighbors, or else they come from a country where lock? ao'e a necessity. Jack somehow or other, nt the jingle of Ihe chain, has :t flash of renemnlbrance concerning the fortune menlltioned by the passenger of the wrecked hansom cab. Then the door opens. The hnll-way is dimly- lighted. anid ihe can just see the figure of :a man befolire him-a man as striking in his general ap pearancc as one would meet ;in the Quartier Latin of Paris, where hrl stu dents abound-a man who Iha.s long iroin grey hair that falls to his shouhlrers: a snow-while beard, and who wears tlhe conventionnl black velvet jacket of an artist. Jack is a little struck by the apea:r a:nce of this gentleman, vwho has swungrg the door back rather lastily, and is ob serving him with what appears to be a burning gaze, so that for the moment he forgets to speak. . During this brief space of time he feels lrther than sees the.eyes of . the other fastened upon him. Nor is the expltina tion difficult to seek. if, as lie believes, this is the house where Hs-oward had his appointment. He finds his voice. "Pardon me, sir; but were you expect ing some one?" he asks. To his surprise the old gentleman im mediately puts out his hand; his whole demeanor changes, since he no longer frowns and looks suspicious, but smiles; and Jack, not to be outdone in polite nezss, meets that palm half way, believ ing he can at least hold his own when it comes to a squeeze, if given his favorite grip. The bells clang out the midnight hour just at this moment, and between the strokes he Ilears the other say. with what appears to be a foreign accent to his English: "Welcome. welcome, to my house! You keep the appointment barely to the letter; still, as we say in sunny Spain, \ras vale tarde quo niunea, which is, Better late than never. I have waited -we all have waited anxiously. Por Diosi you are here. Again I say. with. all my heart, welcome on this happy night. Mr Jack Travers-ha, ha! (To be Continumedi 