THE NOVELIST. "All's Well that Ends Well." CAAPTER VHI. that night Victor Rovclsworth could not sleep. Ho was a man of nervous imprcssion- \- ablo artistic tcmpcrment, and tho stirring events of tho. day, culminating with tho appearance of Frances ca and tho power- "impression her beauty hod produced upon him, mado sleep that night impos sible for him. Never before had he been so deeply moved by tho charms of any woman. So far ho had no opportunity of speaking with Franccsca alone ; but already, with ' characteristic impetuosity, ho had mado up his mind to ask her to marry hint at t earliest possible opportunity. 'It is astonishing,' ho reflected, as ho lay tossing upon his pillows in tho red- curtained four-poster, how calm is Dudley and wanting in clan. . It is impossible to look upon the adorable Franccsca without loving her \ and yet hero ho could walk to Kingston and back without saying more than, 'My dear cousin, it is a lovely evening.' If it had been only me. The terrible aunt with the parrot would want nothing newer tnan tnai. a xxeveitiwuiiu should marry a Revelsworth. Wo would divide the fortune with Dudley, who would marry tho charming little Betty ; and then, as tho fairy-tales say, wc would . all live happy ever afterwards.' But even theso roseate imaginings could not induco sleep. Hour after hour tho young man lay awake, listening to the rogular breathing of his brother in the adjoining room, and rat-infasted house at night. As tho first ray3 of morning began to peep through the apertures between the red curtains hastily put up in plnce of blinds on tho preceding day, a sense of deep depression crept over Victor's spirts. Lock of sleep and tho strangeness and bareness of his now surroundings doubt less had something to do with his state of mind ; hut, when, at thrco o'clock, he fell into a half-waking state, he wnshauntedby a feeling of impending calamity nnd by a ' sense of being under somo mysterious spell from which ho could not escape. Five o'clock wOs striking out from the stable-clock when ho suddenly awoko to his full faculties, with the consciousness of somo disquieting presenco in his close vicinty. Starting up in bed, lie stared . about him. No ono was in the room, and through tho open commienting-door ho could hear lus brothers breathing. Dudley was a profound sleeper, who seldom, if over, awoko until his hot water was brought to him in tho morning. He did not stir now as Victor passed into his room and peered suspiciously about. The outer door was a little ajar, and yet Victor clearly remembered seeing his brother ' close it before ho retired to rest. Opening it wide, ho glanced up and down the passage, from the narrow staircase on tho left leading up to tho attics in which tlio moid-servants slept, to tlio door of the largo unoccupied bed-room immediately obovo Mrs. Rcvelsworth's drawing-room on hiB right. No ono was about, and the entire house seemed perfectly quiet. Nevertheless, as soon he had closed tho door, and, travers ing -his sleeping brother's apartment, had regained his own, he experienced tho same sense of a strange inimical presence in his near neighbourhood. Tf. wiifl nrtf. whnllv irrmmnnlinn. Listen- ing, with every nervo on tho -alert, ho could plainly hear a faint rustling, as of tho stealthy movements of a person in a silk gown, with now and then tho crealc- ; ing of a board and a sound as though hands wore being passed along the skirt- \- ing of the wall. Tho rumours ho liad heard of tlio house being haunted flashed into Victor's brain. Mrs. Revelsworth herself lind declared that her father'- had bought it cheap becauso of its bad reputation, nnd tlio driver of tho omnibus had spoken of the ghosts of Revelsworth House. But by this time it was broad daylight — u most unlikely timo for spirits to choose to play their pranks in — and Victor decided thnt, as sleep Was now out of tho question, he would rise without disturbing his brother, and investigate tho source of these myster ious rustlings. That thero was a haunted room in tlio house hod been tacitly admitted by Susan tho housemaid on the preceding day. Tlio maid-servants slept up-stairs, and Velldon nnd his son in a room near tho kitchen, so that Victor was aware that tlio other rooms woro unoccupied, and ho decided to explore them for his own satisfaction. .'It is without doubt mice or rats who make theso singular sounds,' ho told himself as ho hastily put on his clothes. ' I ' will then pay messieurs les rats a surprise visit.' Passing on tiptoe through his brother's room, ho found himself in tho passage outside, lit by three long windows identical with those on tho floor below. Next to the room in wliich ho had been sleeping, at tho corner of tho passago against the staircase, was a door, which, on trying tho handle, Victor found to bo unfastened. Standing with his hand upon it, it seemed to .him that from the other side of the door his ear could catch soft rustling sounds, to those which had disturbed him in his room. But even whilo ho listened ho realised that somo ono on the other side of theside was opposing his entrance. The handle, from turning cosily under his hand, remained fixed, and ho could plainly hear a sound as though a rusty bolt were slipped along to bar tho door. Victor drew back for a moment. He hod no wish to intrude upon the privacy of any one. And yet lie had been assured on tho preceding day that only ho and his brother would be sleeping upon the second floor, and had seen the three ladies retire to their rooms on tho Btoroy below. ; Was it possible that a thief had secreted himself in this unoccupied room ! Glad -' of ' an oxcuso for satisfying tho curiosity which overmastered him, Victor, giving tlio door a vigorous push, hurst it open. , Tho room now disclosed was very small and Without anv fireplace, littered with papers and rubbish, nnd lighted by an tin curtained window, tho panes of which werfi-so dark with dirt as to bo almost opaquo. On tho wall th6io hung a small oil-painting, of no artistic merit and darK&ned; by timo and neglect, represent ing a lddy in n Tudor costumo of yellow Wopade. There was no furniture m tho rbbml ' rior was thero any carpet on the dirty boards. The whole placo had the tiif of having been shut up for ' years, and Victor -was about to leavo the room, convinced that Ms original hypoth esis as to rats and mice was correct, when he percoived that the torn and discoloured wall-paper at ono point on the side of the room against the stair-case hung in strips and fluttered still, as though recently disturbed. A pile of rubbish lay between Victor and tho wall. Stepping nimbly over it, ho discovered that there was a cupboard in tho wall, papered over to resemble tho rest of the room, and that tho door of this stood a little, a very little, ajar. Opening it, ho thrust his arms into the aperture, and instantly encountered tho living breathing form of a woman crouching in the corner of this dark and dirty hiding- place. ' She was certainly no ghost ; but what in tho world was a woman, fully dressed in silk or silk-lined attire, doiug in an empty room of Revelsworth Houso at fivo o'clock in tho morning? Victor asked himself as he fell back, full of astonish ment nt his discovery. From tho dark recsses of tho cupboard a woman's light sweet laugh struck upon his ears, and his cousin Franceses stepped out before him. She was very pale, but appavently in tho best of spirits, and she laughed again 9\JLViy UO OMU m V.X|/A VUWAW.4 V amazement. 'Mon Dieu, ma cousine — what in the world arc you doing hero?' he cried at last. She put two slender fingers upon his lips. ' 'Sh. Don't speak so loud, or you will wake tho ghost. This is the haunted room, you know.' ' But what arc you doing here V ' All, that is my secret. Ugh. How dirty and damp the room is, and how lovel the morning looks out-of-doors. Do you know what I should like ? ' 'No ; but if it is anything I can do for you ' ' It is,' she said, turning to liiin with a charming sinile. 'I want to lie taken out for a walk down to the river, wuere I can wash my dusty lunula. Shall we go together before any one else wakes up ?' ' With nil my heart.' 'Softly, then. Follow me.' Closing the door of the haunted room, she locked it and withdrew the key. ' It is the key of Betty's room,' she explained to him in a whisper. ' I tried it, and it fitted exactly.' Down the stairs she flitted, walking with wonderful lightness for so tail a woman — a lightness almost cat-UKc, its lcior might have thought had lie been willing to compare her with unything so proverb ially trcncchcrous. Holding her head proudly erect, with the morning light shining on its red-gold coils, she passed down tho shallow oak staircaso to the hall, pausing to replace tho key within the lock of Betty's room, and to bring from the room her hut, which she carried down stairs in her hand. By the door of Mrs. Bevelsworth's bed room tho boarhound Ivan, turning in his sleep, growled as they passed. Still, lie knew that they belonged to the house, nnd were in 110 sense marauders, and let them go. Down in the hull however a more serious difficulty awaited them. Stretched at full-length across the threshold tho mastiff Briton lay, his nose between his paws, silent and motionless, watching their approach. ' Allons, mon bijou,' Victor explained to liSm t Wn tuuitf fr» mulrn n Willlr frt the river. You will let us pass, will j-ou not?' Briton growled, but moved not a hair's- breadth from his position as guard to the entrance-door. 1 We must step over him and open it boldly,' Franccsca said. 'Why doesn't aunt Margaret train the dogs to know a Revelsworth when they sec ono ? ' Laughing, she tried to edge past tho mastiff, whilo Victor addressed him in endearing terms. But hardly had she placed her foot upon the door-mat than tho dog hurled himself savagely upon her unci dragged her rougly to her knees. She was up again in a moment, white and trembling, but unhurt. ' I'm all right — only frightened, for the moment,' she said, in answer to Victor's anxious inquiries. ' Do go iiud see if there's any way out nt the hack of the house. Oh, you needn't be afraid of leaving mc alone with tlio dog. He'll not touch mc again, you'll see.' Victor's investigations occupied liiin several minutes, during wliich he succeeded in discovering that the servants' cut ranee was impracticable, owing to the back-door key being missing. Welldon, us lie nftcr- wards learned, slept with that kej- under his pillow. On his roturn to the hall, he perceived with great nlnrin that Fruncesca was crouching low npon the ground, with her back towards liiin. A gasping gurgling sound reached his ears ut tho same moment. With a cry of horror Victor was hurrying forward, when Fruncesca sprang to her feet and turned to him, radiant and unhurt. 'The dog rushed at me again, but thank Heaven I managed to hold him off. No — pray don't rcpronch yourself for having left mc with him. How could we tell he was such a dangerous brute I Please don't punish him any more ; he will let us puss out now, I think.' She was right. Tho mastiff slunk away, trembling with terror and whining pitifully, nor did he attempt to interfere when Victor, in obedience to Francosca's command, withdrew tho bolts and passed with her out of the house. Tho morning air was delightfully fresh and cool. A faint pink glow still illumined the eastern sky, and a thin hazo lay upon tho river. Fruncesca aoneared morn radiantly fair in the pearly light of early morn than she seemed in the artificial light of the night beforo, and it seemed to Victor that her blue eyes shone upon him with a singular interest, which set his pulses beating rapidly. 'Let us go over thu bridge,' lie said. 'Upboyond tho lock there are seats by tho river-bank where we can talk. I am so longing to know how and why it was you played the ghost. It is happy that that my nerves nrc good, otherwise I might have been prettily frightened.' ' But what made you get up and dress at such an unearthly hour? 'asked thu girl. ' My motive I will tell you in a moment, although it sounds dreadfully silly. I wanted to find out all about tho ghost. Last night Betty and I sat up until mid night talking of her, and — I know you will laugh — but I plainly heui'd her rustling through the passage in her silk brocade. Betty had told mo all her history lost night — how she was n maid-of-honour to Queen Elizabeth at tho Palaco here ; and tho queen was jealous of her and dismissed her, and she pined uwuy uuder her parent's anger, and was found one morning in the river just where the weir is now. Here, perhaps,1 sho said, stopping suddenly before the gates of the lock, and gazing with wide-open dreamy eyes across tho flowing waters below, opaline under tho flush of early morning. 'Just here sho must have been found, thrco hundred nnd fifty years ago, floating with tho tide, with her stiff brocade and her frilled ruff all limp and bedraggled with tho water and tho weeds. Can't you fancy that you see her ? ' ' You have too much imagination, dear Francesca. You are all imagination and sympathy.' ' Yes,' she said, turning upon him with that strango half-laugh lurking in her bine eyes — 'as you say, I am full of imagination. I dreamed of this Mistress Catherine Penfold, and, at half-past four this morning, I awoke thinking of her — thinking of her so hard that I had to get up and dress and creep to the haunted room to look at her picture. When you come to the door, you frightened me dreadfully. I did not know who it was, and I tried to bar you out and to hide from you. But now I am delighted. This was just what I wanted — a quiet walk in tho cool morning air — with you.' Victor was half a Frenchman, and he folt emboldened to raiso her ungloved hand to his lips with a tender pressure which wus unmistakably returned. His English brother had done as much 011 the evening before. 'Now that you have told your story,' he said, still retaining her cool soft hand, 'T will tell mine. I could not sleep for thinking of you, nnd I awoke suddenly a little beforo five because I knew that you were near.' ' I ? How could that be.' ' The room is next to mine, and I think was onco part of it.' 1 Indeed,' she exclaimed, with what looked like surprise. ' I had no idea of that.' ' I awoke,' lie said, ' because my heart told me you xvcro near. But I could not understand my own eagerness to find out the cause of the strange sounds I heard. Already, my dearest cousin, you are so dear to mo that I know you were near long, long before I found you.' XJU j tfU IlHilll IU Lull Jilt j ollL olll'I .softly, 1 that you love 1110 already, after knowing 1110 so short a time. Oh, Victor, it is not possible.' They had reached a bench by ihc river- bank facing tho tall spire of Hampton Church by this time. Franccsca seated herself, making room for Victor by her side ; nnd tho young man, feeling himself in a lover's paradise, took his place there. ' I love to be about at this time of the day, when all is quiet and peaceful,' murmured Francesca. 1 This is tho time when one can think.' 'Of what, then, do you think, chore cousine.' "Who knows,' sho asked, staring straight before her and smiling ut her imaginings. 1 Dreams of the future, perhaps.' ' Allons, I do not mind that. 1 11111 only jealous of the past. In tho future I too may have a part.' Francesca turned her clear blue eyes upon him. ' Perhaps,' sho said, and smiled. 'Let 1110 hold your hand again whilo xvo plan it out together — your beautiful white hand, with its arched pink nails — Ah — what is. That dog must havo bitten you. There is blood upon your hand.' Sho wrenched it sharply away from him. ' I tore my finger with a nail in the cupboard,' sho said, raising and going to kneel by the water's edge ; ' and my hands aro black with dust, too. I must moisten mjr handkerchief and bind up tlio finger. ' Let mc do it.' ' No — I prefer to he my own doctor, please.' Sho dabbled her hands in the stream, and then bound her wet handkerchief round tlio thumb of her left hand, whilo her cousin watched her, enraptured by the perfect grace of her every movement. As soon ns sho had finished, lie helped her tenderly to her feet. ' Sit down onco more,' I10 said, ' and wo will talk about tho future. 'It is striking six by the church-clock opposite,' she said. ' Will not the Revels worth House people miss us and wonder where xvo are.' ' Eli bien, they will only think xve have eloped. I wish xvo had, with all my heart.' Victor dear, you must be very impres sionable,' she said deprecatingly. ' Does your brother fall iu love as easily, as you.' Dudley — Dudley fall in love. He is a block — on insensible stone where pretty xvomcn aro concerned. Once, it is true, fivo or six years ago ' ' Yes. Why do you stop.' ' Well, sho is dead, and so I suppose I mil' speak noxv. But Dudley, lie does not liko badinage on that point. Enfin, I xvas not much more than a boy ; hut I think that Dudly loved her. Sho xvas very fair and gentle and amiable.' 'Was sho pretty — as pretty as you think me, for instance.' ' Ciel. No, no, no. Sho xvas a little pretty, not beautiful as a goddess. And sho married somo ono else and died, That is all tho romance I know about Dudley.' ' If he fell in lox-e, would he tell you about it.' ' Assuredly,' Victor ansxvorcd simply — ' for whom else could ho tell.' 1 Rmvm mon knnn fclimr to themselves. But that is not your xvay, I suppose.' ' Ah. Up to noxv tliey have not been loxe-affairs — flirtations only. What I feel about you is different.' ' And hax-e you told your brother xvhat you feel about mo.' For a moment Victor looked non plussed. 'I have certainly said to him liow beautiful I thought you. I could hot kcop it to myself.' 'Evon if I felt inclined to— to liko you rather," said Franccsca softly, 'I should be afraid to tell you so, lest you should repeat my xvords to your brother. .1 lmx-e such a horror of that — that men should comparo notes about me. It xvould make me hate a man I might otherwise care for.' (TO D6 C0KNHVED.) 