Sydney Amusements. \- The Knight-Ferrar Company made their fare well appearance in "Harbor Lights" at Her Majesty's on December 17, previous to their de parture on their New Zealand tour, and the thea tre will remain closed till the opening night of the pantomime "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves;" which ls announced for December. !26. , The.Theatre Royal wlP-re-open on December 24, when Messrs. Charles Holloway and William An derson's new-dramatic company, will appear in the sensational drama "When London Sleeps'." "Robbery Under Arms" has proved attractive at the. Criterion .Theatre during the past week under, Mr. Daumier's management; while at the Tivoli the return of Miss Poggy Pryde has been greeted with enthusiasm by crowded houses. The tuneful M'Adoo Minstrels opened a season at the Palace Theatre on December 17, in the pre sence of a large and appreciative'audience. .:. The boautif ul part-singing was-much enjoyed, while tho efforts of Miss* Mattie Allan M'Adoo (the lady tenor), Miss Su3le Anderson ("America's»Black Melba''), Mr. A. H. Hodges (a fine baritone), and Miss Marshall-Webb,: a charming mezzo-soprano, met. with a cordial response and undeniable re . calls. A new feature in the'programme ofv the present season is the intrpductidn of two' cja-pital turns of tumbling and.-juggling hy. Messrs. Jerry Mills and Joe'Jalvan. 'which proved highly popular/ The Jubilee Minstrels will appear, every evening at the Palace Theatre,' -where -there Kwill-be -fre quent'.- changes of -programme, and matinees will be given every Saturday.." fc e! A large crowd assemhlsd at »the- Polytechnic qnï December Í5,^by the invitation of? Mr.' Blow^ tö^ .view the new set of cinematograph pictures intro duced, by hind. Both interest and amusement were evoked by the exhibition of the various mov ing illustrations, representing,, among others, the lightning changes and "wonderful- impersonations of the clever artist Fregoli'; a- visit from Santa Claus; the Mesmerist; Faust and Mephistopheles; j "Cinderella;" a scene from "The Corsican Bro thers;" "Photographing a; Ghost," and many other strange and mysterious scenes . The new series has already proved very popular, and both day and evening exhibitions have attracted large j crowds of spectators. . , 