The Bendiffo "Ghost." Recently we published a telegram stating that a ghost had startled the residents of one of tho Bnborbs of Beudigo. The following details will be read with interest :— On Thnrsdaj night, between 7 and 8 o'clock, the " ghost" made another ap-? pearance, this time at the intersection of Frederick and Valentine streets, at the r^ar of; the Benevolent Agylam. The locality is a quiet one, and well suited for any mischievous pranks. At the hoar named, ,-Miss Skilbeek,. who resides with her parents at the Bed Hill, about a mile from the asylum, left home to' visit a friend in Barnardstreet, and when opposite the residence of Mr Johnson, she was startled, by the appearance of a form in.white, waving its arms up and down. Mfcs Skilbeck, bearing in mind the statements aoout a "ghost" haunting tbe neighborhood,* WBB carrying in,her hand a stone, which she threw at the "ghost 1 ' and hit it. The " ghost " spraner at her, struck her in the face and knocked her down. Her screams brought Mr Johnson and his son ~to the scene, -and they saw a form in white running away in a northerly direction. The son pursued it, while the father carried Mif>s Skilbeck into the house. "She was bleeding profusely from the mouth, and was in a fainting condition. At 11 o'clock she had somewhat recovered, but she was in a dazed condition. Young -Mr Johnson followed the" ghofrt," and saw it jump over the fence around . a house occupied by MT Trant, where it disappeared. Constable Owen was informed of the occurrence, and in company with Messrs Trant and Johnson, searched in the garden, and where the form was'seen to go over the . fence footprints were observable on the grass. Having failed to dispose of his horses Mr Kidman has decided' to have his string trained privately. Mr J. Tully will tak^ charge of Fadladeen, Brayleigh, Blackwood, and the two-year-old -brother to Westralian Peer. Mr Tully has had ia wide experienoe. He won all the chief races, with the exception of the Melbourne and Caulfield Cups, and among others prepared Quentin Matsep, Sumatra, Middleu>arch, lionise, Whitebait, Master Jack, Sirocco, and A.Ilender. British Admiral. Knowing t be nature of the commercial missions and smentific expeditions that hare been sent out in Africa'and elsewhere by, France and. Russia, the suspicion is only natural .; but we fancy,the • prosaic, .and straightforward interpretation is the true one. It is all very well for Germany and the only brother," but the commercial mailed fist is not one of the resources of British,diplomacy. Particulars are to band .by *he Indian mail of jthe.terrible accident which led to the death of Mr T. J. Burke, manager -for Sit Rupert Glaike. It appears that he and his wife were the guests of. Mr A. P. Agar, tlie Commissionerfor Police at'Madras; and on tbe evening of Sunday; Angnst 7, Mr Burke v was taking the air «n- top of the upper stoiy of tbe commissioner's residence. He sat on the parapet, and overbalancing hicnielf. feU ardistaace of 40ft to the groaitd. .He was picked- up in au nnoonBoiouB condition, and di&d; two boars afterwards, having.fractured the base .of his skull.' - Mr Jiurke appears to have made an effoirt to~ save iiimwlf. in "his descent,-as'finger-marks were fourtd on.i a ^projecting wooden coping half-way down. In the course of an interview sought by- the Berlin correspondent of the Ntm Frtie PresM, Dr Theodor M0mmsen, -rfplying to ib'e question, " Do yon belidve in thq pbssibility of an a|liauce between England and < 'e^many • made ^We foUowing'iobiervations :—" Atnoug us, thiB auingon -thfe part«f.the: Englie^ ts received witl) «otn°e scom. I-.-do not believe in the realisation of l&n; alliance between the Eo^lish and the Americans, and still less in a great Tentdnic alliance, .which*would- include the Anglo^- SaJwnBand tbetJermana.-The^luglish, it is .true, ne^d^alhes^.as they are threatened by the^Russtapfc ana the French. • But -who. will consent to do their bnsiness . for % -them? On the contrary, I believe that one day ^Prance, Germany, and Bussia nrigbt unite to divide tbe Bntish Gm^ire. Prance, perhaps,' wOtild- Seize Egypt, Germany ttie. Oape. And Russia India." TttB "POTOSfe-i'tlonNBTT Kow. ~ John Power, whom ThQrnett accosed pf-stealing a pnrse from him^ ^was brought .before: the. HSdgoodii) lietioVi -agabL on 8ept'12.- ^;Bvl- 'deoce- tohehmg 'on • the shooting »nd" subsequent''erehts^waB^yen,:w^ierenponthe -bench did not «fyn^ider a case had been made but, and dismissed the charge. , 