THE DUCHESS OF DATCflEfS ZH.A.MOCTDS. BY RICHARD MARSH, Author of 'The Crime and the Criminal,-,3 Philip Bennion,' etc, etc. CHAPTER V. As Mr. Paxton walked away from the house in which the two ladies resided, it was with the consciousness strong upon him that his position had not been made any easier by what he had said to the lady of his love, uot to speak of that lady's friend. Before he had met. Miss Strong he had been, com paratively, free— free, that is, to return the diamonds to their rightful owner. Now, it seemed to him, his hands were tied — he him self had tied them. He had practically com mitted himself to a course of action which «ould only point in one direction, and that an ugly one. AYhen he had met Miss Strong hia hands had been relatively clean, now they were stained. 'What a fool I've been!' One is apt to tell oneself that sort of thing when the fact, is already well established, aud also, not only without intending to undo one's folly, but even when one actually pro poses to make it more: As Mr. Paxton did then. He told himself, frankly, and with cutting scorn, what a fool he had been, and then proceeded to take what^. under similar ciicumstances, seems to be a commonly ac* -epted view of the situation— assuring, or en deavoring 10 assure himself, that to pile fol ly on to folly, until the height of it reached the mountain tops, and then to undo it, would tie easier than to take steps to undo it. at ; once, while it was still comparatively a little thing. It. was perhaps this line of reasoning which induced Mr. Paxton to fancy himself in want of a drink. He turned into the Bodega. He treated himself to a whisky and soda. While he was consuming the fluid and abusing Fate someone touched him on the shoulder. Look ing round he found himself confronted by Mr. Lawrence and his friend tnef'German Aiyerican. Nor onlyj; was/, their appearance wholly unexpected, but obviously--'- the sur prise was not a pleasant one. Mr. Paxton clutched at the edge of the bar,' 'glaring at the two men as if they had been ghosts. ?Good evening:. Mr. Paxton.' It was Mr. Lawrence who spoke, in those quiet, level tones with which Miss Strong was familiar. To Mr. Paxton's lively imagi nation their very quietude seemed to convey a threat. And Mr. Lawrence kept those beautiful blue eyes of his fixed on Mr. Pax ton's visage with a sustained persistence which, for some cause or other, that gentle man found himself incapable of bearing. He nodded, turned his face away, and picked up his glass. ' . ' But. to do Mr. Paxton justice, he was very far from being a coward; nor. when it came to the stickihg-poirit. was his nerve at all likely to fail him. He realised instantly that he was in for a very delicate situation, aud one on which, curiously .enough, he had not reckoned. But if Mr. Lawrence and his friend supposed that Mr. Paxton, even if taken by surprise, was a man 'who could, in the long run, be taken at an advantage, they wtre wrong. Mr. Paxton emptied his glass, aud replied to Mr. tawrence^ 'It's not a pleasant evening, is it? - I think that up at the station you asked me to have a drink with you. Now, perhaps, you'll have one with me?' , As he spoke Mr. Paxton was conscious that the German- American was regarding him, if possible, even more- intently than his friend. This was the man to whom he had taken an instinctive dislike. There was about the fellow a suggestion of something animal-^of something almost eerie. He did not strike one as being a person with whom ir would be wise to quarrel, but rather as an individual who would stick at nothing to gain his eDds, and who would be moved by no appeals for either sympathy or mercy. 'Would you mind stepping outside for a moment, Mr. Paxton?' 'Outside? Why?' Mr. Paxton's air of innocence was admira bly feigned. It might be that he was a bet ter actor with a man than with a woman. 'There is something which I rather wish to say to you.' 'To me? What is it?' 'I would rather, if you don't mind, speak to you outside.' Mr. Paxton turned his back against the bar, facing Mr. Lawrence with a smile. 'Aren't we private enough in here? What: is it you can have to say to me?' ??You know very well what it is I have to say to you. If you take my advice, you'll come outside.' Mr. Lawrence still spoke softly, but with a softness which, if one might put it so, had in it the suggestion of a scratch. A gleam i -a me into his eyes which was scarcely a friendly gleam. The smile on Mr. Paxton's countenance broadened. 'I know! You are mistaken. I do hot know. Youi&re; the merest acquaintance. I have never/* exchanged half a dozen words with you. jWhat communication of a. pri-» vate nature you may have to make to- ine I have not the faintest notion, but, whatever it is. I would rather you said it here.' Mr. Paxton's tones were, perhaps purpose ly, as loud as Mr. Lawrence's were soft. Whiit he said must have been distinctly au dible, not only to those who were close to him but also to those who were at a little dis tance. Especially did the high words seem audible to a shabby-looking fellow who was seated at a little table just in front of them, and wore his hat a good deal over his eyes, but who, in spite of that fact, seemed to keep a very keen eye on Mr. Paxton. Perceiving that his friend appeared to be slightly nonplussed by Mr. Paxton's manner, the German-American came a little forward, as if to his assistance. This was a really curious individual. As has been already mentioned he was tall and thin, and, in spite of his stoop, his height was accentuated by the fashion of his attire. He wore a long, straight black overcoat, so long that it reach ed almost to his ankles. It was wide enough to have admitted two of him. He kept it buttoned high up to his chin. His head was surmounted by a top hat, which could scarce ly have been of English manufacture, for not only was it a size or two too large for him, but. relatively, it was almost as long as his overcoat. Thus, since his hat came over his forehead, and his overcoat came up to his -ki;i. uot much of his physiognomy was visi ble, and what was visible was not of a kind to make one long for more. His complexion was of a dirty red. His cheek-bones were l-i°li, nnd his cheeks were hollow. They were covered with tiny bristles, which ? iiar..od in the light as he moved his head, lr,:» which were of doubtful hue. His eyes v. fro small, and black, and beady, and he h;i-i a. trick of opening and shutting them, as il' ihpy were constantly being foeussed. . His rose was long,, and thin, and aquiline— that .-ti-uiline which suggests a vulture. His vo luiv iuous moustache was black; one wonder ou if it owed that shade to nature. But, con si;J.tM-able though it was, ft altogether failed in i onceai his mouth, which, as the Irishman s:;i(l. 'rolled right round his jaws.' Indeed. is \\\:is of such astonishing dimensions that ;' ? surprise which one felt on first «neoun ti-i'iii.s: it caused one, momentarily, to neglect | to notice the practically entire absence of ai \--h:i!. . . . ? Tins pleasing- looking person, coming to Mr. r.ivim, raised a long, lean forefinger, capped liy what reseirfbeled a talon rather than ar ]'i!!'i::n liuger-jifiil, and crooked' it in Mr. Pax !-!.s face. And he said, speaking with that ! ??-v minced German- American accent: ?Terr- it mo. m? clear friend, tc nsk of Mr. Paxton just one Question— just one little question,. Mr. Baxtbn, what was the- eolor of your Gladstone bag, eh?' Mr. Paxton felt, as he regarded the speak er, that he was looking at what bore a strong er, resemblance to some legendary evil crea ture than to a being of our commou humani ty.-'' ? .... 'I fail to understand you,- sir.' 'And yet my question is a very simple one —a very simple one indeed. I ask you, what was the color of your Gladstone bag. eh?' My Gladstone bag!— which Gladstone bag?' 'The Gladstone bag which you brought with you in the train from town, eh?'1 Mr. Paxton gazed at his questioner with, on his countenance, an entire absence of any sort of comprehension. He turned to Mr. Lawrence—: 'Is this a friend of yours? I don't know if it is, because the gentleman seems to be a foreigner, but I am wholly at a loss to under stand what it is he means.' The two friends looked at Mr. Paxton, then at each other, then back at Mr. Paxton, then again at each other. The German-American waggled his lean forefinger. 'He is very difficult, Mr. Paxton— very diffi cult indeed, eh? He understand nothing. It is strange. But it is like that sometimes, eh?' Mr. Lawrence interposed. 'Look here. Til be plain enough, even for you, Mr. Paxton. Have you got my Glad stone bag?' Mr. Lawrence still spoke softly, but as he put his question Mr. Paxton was conscious that his eyes were fixed on him with a singu lar intentness, and his friend's eyes, and the eyes of the man who half concealed them with his hat, and, unless he was mistaken, the eyes of another shabby individual who w'-* sAsitpd at a second table, between him self and the door. Indeed, he iiad a dim per ception that sharp eyes were watching him from ail over the spacious room, and that they waited for his words. Still, he manag ed to retain a very fair control over his pre sence of mind. 'Your Gladstone bag! I! What the deuce do you mean?' 'What I say — have you got my Gladstone bag?' Mr. Paxton drew himself up. Something of menace came on to his face and into his eyes. His tone became hard and dry. 'Either I still altogether fail to understand you, Mr. Lawrence, or I understand too much. Your question is such a singular one that I must ask you to explain what con struction I am intended to place upon it.' The two men regarded each other steadily, eye to eye. It is possible that Mr. Paxton read more in Mr. Lawrence's, glance than Mr. Lawrence read in his, for Mr! Paxton perceiv ed quite clearly that, in spite of the man's seeming gentleness, on the little voyage on which he was setting forth he would have to Look out, at the very least, for squalls. The German-American broke the silence. 'It is that Mr. Paxton has not yet opened the Gladstone bag. and seen that a little ex. ?hsage has taken place— is that so, eh?' Mr. Paxton understood that the question was as a loophole through which he might sscape. He might still rid himself of what already he dimly saw might turn put to be something worse than an Old Man of the Sea upon his shoulders. But he deliberately de clined, to avail himself of the proffered loop bole. On the contrary, by his reply he burnt his boats, and so finally cut off his escape— at any rate in that direction. , ,;'Opipned it? Of course I opened it directly [got in. I've no more idea of what you two men are talking about than the man in the moon,' ? Once more the friends exchanged glances, and again Mr. Lawrence asked a question. 'Mr. Paxton, I've a particular reason for isking, and I should therefore feel obliged if Fou will tell me what your bag was like?' Mr. Paxton never hesitated— he took his second fence in his stride. 'Mine? It's a black bag— rather old— with my initials on one side— stuck pretty well all 9ver with luggage labels. But why do you ask?' Again the two men's eyes met, Mr. Law rence regarding the other with a glance which seemed as if it would have penetrated to his inmost soul. This time, however, Mr. Paxton's own eyes never wavered. He re turned the other's look with every appear ance of sang froid. Mr. Lawrence's voice continued to be soft and gentle. 'You are sure that yours was not a new brown bag?' 'Sure! Of course I'm sure! It was black; and, as for being new — well, it was seven or eight years old at least. 'Would you mind my having a look at it?' 'What do you want to look at it for?' 'I should esteem it a favor if you would permit me.' 'Why should I?' Again the two men's glances met. The German-American spoke. 'Where are you stopping. Mr. Paxton, eh?' Wheeling round Mr. Paxton treated the in quirer to anything but an enlightening an swer. 'What has that to do with you? Although a perfect stranger to me— and one whom 1 would rather remain a stranger— you appear to take a degree of interest in my affairs which I can only characterise as— imperti- nent.' 'It is not meant to be impertinent, oh, dear, no; oh, no, Mr. Paxton, en?' Putting up his clawlike hand, the fellow be gan to rub it against his apology for a chin. Mr. Paxton turned his attention to Mr. Law rence; it was a peculiarity of that gentle man's bearing that since his appearance on the scene he had never for a single instant removed his beautiful blue eyes from Mr. Paxton's countenance. 'You have asked me one or two curious questions, without giving me any sort of ex planation as to why you asked them; now, perhaps you won't mind answering one or two for me. Have you lost a bag?' 'I can scarcely say that I have lost it. 1 am parted from it — for a time.' , Mr. Paxton stared, as if not comprehend ing. 'I trust that the parting may not be longer than you appear to anticipate. Was there anything in it of value?' 'A few trifles, which I should not care to lose.' 'Where, as you phrase it, did the parting take place?' 'In the refreshment- room at the Central Station— when you went out of it.' Mr. Paxton flushed— it might have been a smart bit of acting, but it was a genuine flush. He looked at the soft-toned but suffi ciently incisive speaker as if he would have liked to have knocked him down; possibly, too, came very near to trying to do it. Then seemed to remember himself, confining him self Istead to language which was as harsh and as haughty as he could conveniently make it. 'That Is not the first time you have dropped a similar insinuation. But it shall be the last. I do not wish to have a scene in a public place, but if you address me again I will call the attention of the -attendants to you, and J will have you removed.' i: (To be continued.) 