Che etna Bay times. J'ubUtheil A'Mry Tueitlay, TkwtiUy, ami Saturday. ' I am In tho placo where I am demanded ol conscience to speak the truth ( nnd there tore^tho truth I spenk, impugn it v»ho«o r/n/usoA r, awrtiMumi t, /soj, POLIOK CONTJtOL. It ia understood that tho Legislative Council daoi not intend to Insist upon itn amendment in tbo Folico listing Bill, so that the ndront of contraliia tion in assured. Tbo bill at it lott tho Asnombly rcJucod tho rato for one yoar, and thaTroaauror intimated that if hit figures wero thon roalisod it would bo wjbollv nboliahod. Tho pro posal commoudod itnolf as a fulr one, inasmuch as Custotnn roliof was also ntatod to booontinRontupoacontinuod rovonus btioynncy. Thoro ia over/ llkolihood that Sir Philip I'ysh'a osti matos will bo roalisod, and in that coho tho unjust appeal to ouo class of tho community to provide for the raaiutonnnco of tho police will coaso. Tho Council amended tho bill by limit ing tho operation of tho inoaauro to ono yoar, bo that at tho ond of that poriod thoro would bo co machiuory for lorying n Polieo Unto and the iiocossary lovonuo would bu raised by iitlior iiK'iiMu. Thus it' n ilulluiuncj prosunlod iuolf Ilicro would bo it fuitliur call on Customs wlilcli aro ulroiuly ororlondod, Oluarly the land ImldorB slioitlil bu, nnd most nf tlioin lire, contonl with tho rochiutlon of tlm l'olico Jlato proposodby thoTroasuror, which boiunii fair proportion to tho rnllol' git'un to nthor clamtoa of the lommiinity in other directions. Tho liiuilholrfui's boiug ooiitcnt to wait for llic Cull rumiMtuu, ll wns dourly the duty of tho Logiilntivo Council to hare nccoptod the l'olico itntiug Hill as it was prusontcd lo tlioin, mid thuir roftisul to du «o wai a disnppointinoul lo their bost frionda, Country pooplt1 nro not so fooliuh thnt (hoy no nol vunliso that whether n iliroot lax i» lovied or not Ihoy must pny for tbo up- koop of the polieo when centralisation Is effected, Thoro will bo no local tai it in tmo, nor any npoetnl tax from Parliament, but thoio will bo a demand upon tha Consolidated Kovouuo X'und into which all tiucn and revenue receipt b nro paid, Tho objoct sought lo bo nttninod by coutralisation is grantor oiHcioucr nnd loss risk of local inlluetico provcutitnj tho impartial ilinelmrgo of polieo duties. Eeonomj niny, nnd probably will bo sucurod, but that Ib quito a Bocondnry consirlor n tion . Tho landowners of this district will not bo called upon to pay no much »n ninopenco in tho pound on the rnto nblo valuo of thoir proportios, for thoy will slmre the cost of police lnaintou nnco with other classes of tho people ; but Bince tlioro will bo an additionnl charge upon tho Tronsury thoy will hnvo to contribulo thoir proportion of it. Tho caso under roview is just ono of Ihoso instancoa which indicate why the pooplo profor indiroct to direct taxation. Thoy will continue to pay tho poliuo cost but will do so by a process which does not manifest its purposo at tho timo of payment, just us tho purchaso of certain classes of wearing apparel does not show that a largo percontngoof tho costgoos to Iho Ntato. It is woll that this should bo no, for tho tnx is thon lofiod and regulntod, providod tho impost is not an abnormally unjust ono, according to the ability of tho taxpayor to con* UL..1- ^r ? ?? i i- .. uiuuvu. moroover, it omDOQICS its own nntidoto, for thoro is a limit boyond which dutios cannot bo imposed without reducing tho roronuo derived from thorn — thoy exhaust tho source nnd tho supply is cloeed. Tho cost of maintaining tho pnlico will shortly bo levied by an indirect pro cobs and ono that is far moro cquit ablo than the present method, and, that being 10, wo fool certain thnt the Legislative Counoll will not peniet In a courso which may bo distorted into action on bolialf of tho landed classes and disregard for tho general body of taxpayers, Mb J. V7, Noirtox-HuiTH.— Our Taiinccn ion correspondent wired ye»erd»y t— Mr J, W. Norton.tiiulth returned by tho as Coogeo today from London, where ho has been con ferring with tho directors of tlio V.D.L. Coy. When interviewed ho kbI,| be had nothing to «ay, ri« the l-u«ine»s wbleh took him home was ot n purnly private eharacter. Aikeil ts to whether the slatemeDta made la Ilobart as to tbo effect that he bid interfered with tin clmncu, of the flotation of tlm Cheat Western lUtlwny Company were oirrvct, ho gavo them an omplmllo denial, l'lirnoolly he does not cnnKl.l.-r tha chances ot fl.mtiup the company aro voryifie»t. [Mr Norton.Hmlth wna to arrive at Uurnlu by last night's coach. 1 Tiik Nkw ClBMiiTtiiv, — Duilan «a Iniorvlnw which Sir W. Jonca had while in Mtlboumo on Mund»y last with Mr J. W, Norton.Sinltb, in«ii»i{er of the V, D. I.. Company, tbu hitler atntul that bin dlrcclora weru prepared to II ml a aunt of money HUfllclont to pay for the fouclriK of thu new cemetery at Wlvimhoc, or any part ol same It was decided lo clear. Tne Govcrnmunt has promised Mr O. II, Hall, M.H.A., to ?ubaidisa the work on the «1 for 41 prln. ciple, and It was Intended to canvaia the whole of the town for subscriptions j bill this generuus action on tho part ot the V.D.L, Company will obrUto all nuctsslty for making a public collection, UDI1NIG I'OUCE Oouiit,— At this Court on Tuesday, before Mr A. Btuttord, J.I1., a woman nuned ilemie I'rlco was flnoil ij and costs for having been drunk and Incapable,— Yesterday, before Ur A. K, Oliapman, S.U., Frank Ouuoghuo w»« mulcttd In a like sum for b similar offence. Tin; Wkatiiku. — Tba weather coullnuea chunBoable. Tuesday waa abowety, and thongh y'Sterdsy roornlog dawned fine, clouds gathered later. Laat night heavy rain fell, Mr Wraggo's latest forecsttsai follows I -StrooK W.JJ.W,, and W.8.W, wlmli, lo -q,-ulls | atormy tail wet, The si- around Iho oouit of Tasmania lieuornlly, lu Oaa« Straits, and on tha co.ut ot Vlutoila, will be rough, Stormy and wut weather will be renewed under ths Influence of thu rear of tlio disturbance '? Lando,' Tub Uuiikik IIukakwateu. — Mr V, Buck, Oeneril llanngor of ltitllways, and Mr J. M'Corniick, ltngiueer ot KsUting Lines, nccompauleil by tho Harbor Master, Mr \V, Jones, raiilu an Inspeutlou yesterday af toriieon of the parapet wait ot the Uutule broiknator, which wai damaged duilng thu norm nt July DO, Tho result ot Iho In-pcc tion win that they endorsed the propuaal prepared by Mr Jones (or strengthening tho wall. The latter had suggested that, a square wall be built up on the small piece which juta out between tho structure Itself and Mm wall and runs Iho whole length of tho breakwater. Thla was considered the beat courts to adopt, ami plant for It will be prepared and the work carried out with as little delay as possaible, OlLiiti'8 O.K.OlN— I'osKKwea the delioata HnYiit of tha junlptur Wymya.hu Niitkh. — Out cot'twpnndtmt will. ». '-Tim il.nlli I- lupiilid of MIimViiiix. uf No. 1 Kiml, »t l.itU pin, on Tuoailn). Mlrs Vnui, who linil attaluod Ihu ripe ag.i of 7(1 years, oialded with her niece, Mis II, IS, Dtitdam, ami vmwldu.y it«|walt»l,— Uvpuil* aru lu hand Hint Ilia condllluii uf Mr \V, II. llramluli, nf Klmvordnlo, Is worse, flu has been ailing nuvurnl wueki now.— Mr M. I). M.rlln, managnr or the local blanch of tho II ink ol Au»uala-l», h»i ititurned to bl« iluth'a after tin™ week, hullday, Mr W'hIUItt, uf Iliinilo, Mum bii'jii in ch.irgu .l.ulng Mr Marllii's ubieucu, I UK OKNUMI, JlANAIIKII Of 11AIMVAYD, —Mr F. Hack, (lonerul Jl.mi.gor of UnllwayB, «ecniii|iunleil by Mr J. M'Odtiuluk, Kiigltmur i'[ Kxlatlntr t.l»M. arilved at llurnlu about noon yrsterday on n visit ronncuted with ilfpartmu'iiUl msttuid, Mr Hack hi tho ? llerriuou luspcoled the parapet wall of I lie llutute breakwutur, ThU motuln« liu guui by up, till tndu up Ilia Kmu Uiy Hallway line, rJlurnliiK thla afternoon. Mr Hack rules that every ponslblo expedition will bu usO'l In cuuneciloii with thu eonstruutlou nf ihe UlvetKtmiu Uuiule eUuuilun, B|iuclil' chiIoiis ate belli)! prupared, and tenilem will I u Invited withuut auy iiiilleetMurj delay, Ta»i,k Cai'K IUiai) I'hUbt.— Uur eutros punduut writes!— Tho monthly meeting was liulduuHalurdiiy.I'ruaeim-UciursC.J, Kenton (clmlrman), T. II. Margetls, and K, Stutterd, The following accounts weru paused for pay immt ;-J.Siuut, »'i|ia|il| K. Dlptuse, 1 f.( ?, .1. T Johnatone, £4 j O, J, Kluch, 12/1! ; J, llnrdman, «ii/IUf; It. Klii|t, ill I U. A. Alexander, «18f7|« ; A.Joyce, !-/ 1 II. Cro» an I A, tinnier, «H/U/:i I 0. Klncb, £II/«/8 | II. ljulgiiln, *il;ltjl-- j J, Nencumbe, tl|l«li T. Oumiulnits, 17(11 j Matthews mid Joyce 10/, The following lender* weru accepted i — Kor work at if'lowerdale bridge, U. A. Alexander, «»| Hog-slreot, Wynyar.l, gruvclliau auil iipnirlng, O, A, Alexniuler, H9jWfi ; Hogg sireet, foolpalh, W, Outlier, 17/1! por chain. No tender was accepted for clearing timber. IIioho to hand were cumkUrod exeo- alva and Instructions were yivcu tho secretary to call freah tondera, Tho clearing and repairing ot drains and dltchna on thu towmlilp waa authorlacd, and also tbo blinding of init.il un No. 2 road, Hllttln^ naaMilu lion I Board, tlio tollowtng aoc unla iveie pisicd for pay ment :-Cros- and Oarncr, «7/13/Uj It, King, ««/l.ri/ 1 J. Newcoinbo, £(/7/li ; a. A. Alex ander* «3/I6/.-Tbe tender of W. Qarnor for miking footpath un Kaplauade at «I/t0/ per chain was acoepted— It wai ilocldu-l lo supply J, Abcll with plpei for a drain at his hou40. — An order was given for moro posts mid rails for various fences, etc— A request from Mr Sneltlng,|ot Uoit Harbor, for metal at tho sldo of the roa-1 In front ol bis shop and also ?oran blinding for the footpath was refused. The meeting then terminated, PARUAMKMT — In tho Ilonau of Assembly on Tuesday, tho Premier brought down a mesaaQQ from the Governor recommending ilin appropriation of a sum of «550 for tho servlco of the year 1*803 for the purpose of thn Aurloullural and Blook Department for Ihe establishment of an agricultural achool, Tlm(OnUnim) Aaaensmentnill waa further considered In committee, and progress re pirted. On tho Trusted Dill, progress waa reported and leave given to alt aiain next day, Tba Premier guvo notlco that ho in 'endedtomovtilnsoismltteo of inpply, for ?1250 tor thseitabllihmfntof an agricultural school. WYNTABn dOLD AND COrrgrt MlNINfl Co.— Tho mine manager rcporta under date Hoptember 3 I— During past fortnight con tractors arovo tunnal !2tt, roaklng total from opening set 160ft. Thn face ll bocomlnK 'till more favorable for meeting with ore. Water making strongly In face. CmcuLAa IIkad Notes ? Our Stanley correspondent writes !— The Catholio baiaar was continued on M oudiy, and ao successfully did the fairstallkeepers ply their trade that the toUl was brought up to «10O. Father O ireoran, In closing tho bazaar, thanked his Hock and the committee, and particularly thanked the public, for thoir mat;nlnc-:nt support. lie eulogised tho assistance ton doted by MrSplcer, and presented him with a Inndiorao cushion on behalf of tbo com mltleo as a slight i oken of their appreciation of his klnriueaa. Ut Hplcer suitably and fiellngly reiiliwl and the baiaar waa declared closed— Miss Haywood (Fanny), eldest daughter of the late John Haywood, passed over to the great majority about 6 o'clock on Monday evening. The deceased had been ailing for some time, although her demise was somewhat unexpected. She was of a gentle Christian disposition, and was beloved by a large circle of friends. TuaTAUE.VTAiiY.— Tho following probato has been isaued ;-Thn Honorabls Sir William John Clarke to Sir lluport Turner Uavetock Olarke and Janet Uarlon Lady Clarke, 4716 (Intercolonial). Layi.vo a Qiiost.-A B«ndlgo wlreaaya tliat the proceedings taken by the young men ot th» neighborhood have probably effeotually « laid ' the B.yne street ghost, as on Sunday Bight the masquerader waa nreil at by ? party starching for him, and, leav ing hia ghostly mantis, escaped over a fonce and disappeared. Shortly after 8 o'olook ?omo youthi, armed with a double-bsrrolled nun, atatloaad themwUea at the corner of Baym street and Htewart street, and bad not been waiting long when piercing screams ware heard from the oorner of Ihu na*t atreet, Tho young nifn ran to tho spot, and found a girl f rantlo and trembling with fright, She could only utter, 'The Ihoit, the ghost,' and swooned away. Turning ihs corner tha ladi saw aflgo.ro In whl.e moving slowly along the footpath, under the shade of tlie atreet trees, One ot tliam fired at It, tod without a sound ihu H.ure Jumpul a neighboring fence, and made oft Into tha garden, Tbo ghostly raantlo w»a dropped In the flight, and when plokod up w*a found to consist of halt a dozen yards of white muslin. As It bore shot marks It Is morn than prohablo th»» tho « ghost ' was ?trunk by some o( the polluts, though ho gave no sign. The nhols neighborhood was arouacd In a very short time, but though ?carch wai made till midnight nothing more waa aren of thu author ot th.o soaro. Nkw Uuit,lilM(in at HoiUUT,— A. llohirt w Ira »,ij« Ihat a vast Impetus has been glv n 10 the building trade In Iho city, anduitU ma are at a premium, MrMinllli, who Inn |ust oomplutud mi olllocs for Mojsm llntlor, M'lntyte, ami llutler, Is the «iiro-m(ul uuit iinolor for Tatlersnll's now olllcus. Tho h nomito! thetuudor uxcomls «3,000, and 1 1 o building Is lo ho oornplelod by thu end of lii'dombor, About 480,000 worth of build liiHt ntu to ho emoted betKecn Mttttay nud l.ilzilrallintrenU, Filz^erald'a uuwpremites ti'ko halt a million brluks, UiiKVi'ua OAsu.— During the height nf un excited dlscusalou on tho Ureyfua Zola cise In a cafe (reporta the Paris corrciipoli ?lint ot the 'Dally Telegraph ')i a lot of y.iung mun who wuro taking part In tbo dobnte found thmiiBolm nnablo to agree, Mir.u weru for Ihu revision of the Druyfus ? rial, and others were agilnst it. Thoy i lion resolved tu noltle tho ttuarrol by |. living rtcoutsu to mint. All went u itaido the cafo, formed up in two binds lu batllo array, revolver* wore pro ilueud, anil a fuallludu ahmiBt worthy of rijutlHgo du Cuba waa the [fault. When thu monks cleared away it was found that two persons weru autlnusly Injiited, Ouo was a comb.itant, whu full struck lu tba arm by a l.ullot, Tho other wan an Ill-fated old woman, who wan groaning on the ground, owing to a revolver mlasllu which found Ita way Into her right hip, Hho had been pas. ting near Iho seuno of uctlon Just aa tbu futlllmlo begin. CroyfusUns mid null. llreyluslBUs havu all been arrcslcil, A cricket match Is bolng played at Hast ings between Htoildatt's team and a ujmblned Ungllih iciun. The Kngllsh team nmo dispersed for 238 tuna, while Htoddart's loam Ima scored 88 for three wlekeli. Tba Kumurur of Qermany at u camp tmvicu at Waterloo Paluco announced 8li II. II, Kllehcner'H victory in thcNuuduti' Ho than called tor cheers for Queen Victoria aa clilcC of a ivgluicnt of the Uerman diagoona. General Ounlon'a monument in Trafalgar Hquarc, London, liua been visited by Im mense Clows. Courate (resiling to harJcnod old woman) -'A..,| tlmo shall bo weeping and unaahiuK of tcoth.' Old Woman-' Lot em giuithYm wot 'as 'cm, I ain't got none.' Curate (after n pause)—' Mrs Mtubba, they'll bu provided.' (Total collapse ot haidencd old womnn.) 