THIE ANGLO-AMERICAN LEBAGUE. Loyno-, July 1i. A mcetilg for the purpose of inaugurating the Anglo-Ameriean League was held yesterday. Lord Brassey moved that it is desirable that every effort should be made to secure the cordial and con stunt co-operation of Great Britain and America. The motion was carried. The coal mieers who are on strike in South Wales have submitted to the mine ow vners a propoeal which contaius the elements of a possible settlement of the dispute. An Italian equadron habs left Caraeas, Venezuela, for Cartagena, m the Repub!io of Colombia, to en force the observance by Colombia of the Cerruti award. The Hawatian Government has entered into a contrlct with Mfesrs. Serytrrer and Company tolay cables between IIonolulu and the United States, and Honolulu and Japan. Lieutoant-Generol Kuropatkint, COmmander-in Chief and Governor of the Tranmscopian territory, has been eppoilntd Minister for War in ,uscia. At the contituotion of the fourth seriesof the wool ruleesietR wore firm, and therO wase keen competiti;n for all classes. The cheap trail which left Goulburn on Friday afternoon took away about 100 passengers from the localsatulin. The through train from Albury had alargo number on board. An exnminatlion of witnesses under section 30, in the estate of P. Moonoy, of Taralga, was held in private ol Thursday at the Goutburn Courthouse, before Mr. Hlelm. The Hon. G. 11. Reid arrived in Goulbur on Friday morning by the express. He stopped here till noon and lthen left on a tour on the Coomn line We have been informed that the ghost mystery at North Goulburn hlas been solved. A large equeaking doll, worked by wires, has been found near a culvert. Announcements are made elsewhere regarding the services at St. Nichbolos' tomorrow. The Rev. A. H. Tait's subjects for to-morrow are advertiosed. The ])eanu of Goulburn will be the preacher at 8. Saviour's Cathedral to.morrow. Attention is directed to the notification withll reference to the services at the Wesleyan Church to-morrow (Sunday). MIr. J. Lindoay, ansislont surveyor, Gotulbern, has been appointed to be staff surveyor iu thoLands Office. Mr. C. Ellwood was thrown from his bicycle in Auburn-strrnt this morning and received a sovero injury to the left oknee. The accident occurred through a dog getting under the front wheel. The Ooulburn Gas Company has decided to reduce the cash price of gas from 8s 9d to 8s 4Id per I000 feet. A special meleting of the A.H C. Guild will be held after 11 o'clock maePsto-morrow to transact important business. A meeting in connection with the Father Dono van testimonial will be held at North Goulburn to morrow after 11 o'clock, and a secoad meeting will be held in the evening in the Bourkc-streot school. room after vespero. Rlein fell in the weot and south- west of the colony on Friday, with a prospect of it extending, but not likely to reach as far east as Sydney. The southern districts, Mr. Russell reports, are mostly interested in the change. Messrs. O. J. Saundoro, T. A. Coghlan, ned R. F. Irvine hlave been appointed members of the committee to test civil servants fcr promotion. The sum of £2500 was roalised by the Salvation Army's social annual appeal in this colony. It is understood that before long an attempt will be made to establish in the Nowcastle distriot iron works upon an extensive scale. The preliminary steps have been taken, and the impressian of those oonaected with the matter is that there are flue re sources in the district capable of lucrative develop ment. An ondeavour will probably be made to form a company with a substantial capital. PFort Stephens ironstono will be utiliscd for the operations should the essay be enccessfhl. At the Melbourne Distriot Court on Thursday a North Melbourno butcher was fined £20, with 2 guineas costs, for offering bad meat for sale. Murromburrah, Thursday.-A painful accident happened to Reggio Barnes, son of Mr. Thomas Barnes. YWhilst oat riding this afternoon the horse bolted and throw him against a tree, breaking his arm in two places and bruising him about the faco and body. 