-J,,, Terrible Biirnir|g Accident. w A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rARCued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia, and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, repoVts began to be circulated in the neigh borhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting around again, and that he had a most marvellous ' recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney 'Worker wits despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his 'way to His house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that He-Was an invalid no more. _ In reply to the preliminary questions he said . — "'You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you the facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." „ . " How long were you suffering ? " Well twelve months ago I got so bad that 1 had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; : i waB badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health and after four years gradual developmeht of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms? " Simply indescribable. -The painB were something terrible. They Were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were putting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I . waB incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that' my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Dire'otor of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order?" " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five reeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My dootor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. 1 was under him for five .or six weeks. Ho came to the con- . .elusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive, locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallable.) Well, just as a drowning man ; will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler- maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Fills for Pale People. I read in the adver tisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing waB the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was inoredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and , ;I'have never used them. They were made cfor me before I got Dr. Williams Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." \- A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, watever, and feel like a new man. On the mantle piece there is a box of opium and mbrphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruicating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Eveiybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about /again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought bv Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also "the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, such "as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness," indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our Importer in connection with the remarkable casa of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney hospital and his case was pronounced inaurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like eyeryone else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queens Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receiot of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d., or half- dozen for Ids. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 