THi::y©B©E on the'stairs.: ; '.;'?'? .?: ?'????-:' ??-?'?? (By Rita.) ? ??'/? 'Then it's not true, Molly ?:- . ' No, darlin.' Don't be payba' any heed to f-ich stories. Tluue is it ? fravi:n-t I been here at Hanfurly since I was the height of yerself 1 Doii't I remember yer gran'''iather. o«la Sir Lucius ? Ah, 'tw.ts'he was 'the fine gintleinaa wid an oath alw-ays handy, and the m -st.-rful way wul him —for ha co»idn't bear contradiction — and for it p. matter -of -that, no more can yrr own father. I mir?ed him and Mister Stand, sh, and I was htf-re whin yer mother came -as a bride, ana I -fcai ye in my arms whiit ye was ii- orn, and as 1 touhi y« byfor.: niTf-r a ?sigh'; nor a sound av any gho-\b}, ai!-d bp.iog-se !long in the. family they'd ; have ben payin' thLir rexo^ets to m-iseif ?-.?efore ti;?s if ihcy'd have had auy sort av ' dace;it mans-sro- at all at aiL' '? ' It'a sot-' a ..gk'ost it's a voio.-,' prrsisted : :ihs child.- - Au.i Qailagkau 7; as tt-Uiag-me1 about il', It.'-s a whisDisr. she Bays', comes ' down t-he long-oorridor, aad it's a waraing i-o ; fh'e.porson Who hears ir, and if they douV heed it something dce^dt'ul happens -lo; them.'17 ^ ' : ' Well, that-'-s a mighty sensible gho-t I'-sn ; fchiakm'.' sftid Molly Alagrath. ' Forpoo,pk! generally do come to tivkt, darlin', whhi xiiey disregard warnings — if so be the v/arniu' -is ? sensible it.a!J. bo may be Mary Gallag-han' had so'iie truth on her tongue i'or once. ].iut tliere — come and -sit and baveyer tr.y, diiM — and don'-tfce worrifciu ycr pretty head wid ghosts and thim sort:3' The child drew n«i-r to the Jeatable, \- She v.-aa a small, pale slip of a-ftwAtaw-c. with n friglvtentd iuofc ??-in-ilii-l'ol'?;. Un-eeyc-s, .-R-ad tlrprrsbfinking zieivj-u manner iviiii-U is in. itself a,n .-advertisernaa!. --£ urih'ajM^.' dc4'J kood.- . And Maure-31 O.T.a-'iv.il v.-;is ^aijMi.^v'wi^h' that hopeless unliapirijicss which -is liieous eo-me ef crushed teelitu-s.', tyrannous usage. and genoj-al misundtTstar.diog. fch's v.%i3 i.he only ch-i-l-d of two singularly unsuiied parentc, and . had.Lved in an atmosphere of storms ;ar,d di£a:i'2C'inenis ever since she -cculd- re- member. ........ Her mother v,-a?. a ?beautiful woman, high ??spTited, . passionate and reckless, who -had. married a man -much oidev than herself for sake of his w-eaith and position. She i'ou-ad herself in :h:j power of a tyrant, the victim of incessant j,-.aiou^y, and the butt ofateinpei alternately cynical ;tnd morose. When after three ye:irs of this life she gave birth to a daughter instead of au heir she had filled the ei!*-. of her offending. The O'Farrali piv-.ncvtj would have to pass to a brother of b-i-r Lucius, whom he hated and h.ad quarrelled with years befoie. He brooded over 1 his fact until he had magnifi . d it into a wrong jointly commuted by mother and child. Poor little Maurem grew up in the. shadow of fear. Her mother cared little for her. her father was only an object of terror to her young mind, and'her only friend comforter was her old nurse, Molly Ma^rath, to whom her (roubles were always contided, and' who tended and cared for her with all her honest loving heart. Still it was a sad life and a lonely one for the child. Eanfufly, her father's property, wa3 situated in a wild and desolate part' of the west coa~t of Ireland. The house itself was old and gloomy, and she used !o creep about the great rooms Jike ai: uneasy spirit, afraid of the rustling hangings thq at windows, of the shadows iurki-g in the deep recesesl afraid must of all of the great corridor to which the famous oak staircase led — a vase space ill- lighted, and lull of mysterious corner?, and hung with ancient family pic tures whose gloomy faces and strange fixe- i eyes used to terrify the little girl as she flitted 'by on her way to the nursery where alone Were light and air and brightness to be found. On this evening whea she had finished her tea iviaureen drew her own little chair up (0 the bright fire, and sat there kiahiug her fair head against her nurse's knees and listening to her kindly chapter. . 'Molly,' said the chid at las!'. 'Why doesn't Uncle Sk-tn.dish ever come here nov?' ' Faix-, darlin1, it is not for tho likes of me to be giving raysons for family quarrels.' ' There was a quarrel I kn-j\v,' continued the child, 'ih'.ard my father speakin^ about it to-day, p,nd mamma got so pale and looked so angry,'- ??-,-? «i Di/i «--'?? ...'-.'?, - i ' ? Jt:y Sd.y auyfcfiing al.-oufc yer coimtt down to the party, darlin' ?' asked Molly. ':Vvq got yer white silk fro:k 3-e^dy for ye in case ye might bo want-in' it.' - Maureen shcoc her he.ul. ' No,' she said. ' I'm sure they don't wish me to come down. And indeed I'd ra'her be here. Molly.'' 'The old woman stroked her fair ha''r silently, and they both s.'it gazing into -the fire and listening to the rising wind rs it sighed and wailed round the gloomy house. ''Twill be a wild night for the party,' said Molly aflsst. 'Not that the quality ejro for a thrifie of bad weather in these parts. Ye was sayin1 about yer uncle darlin.' I did hear some talk av bi^ comin' r.o-night. but perhaps yer mamn-'a tould ye ?' ' No,' she &a;:d ;. i: nothing. I3 he really coming, Molly ?'' 'I couldn't say for savtin, c'avlia', but there must be somethin' in it as the red 10 5m has been got ready, an' 'twas always his room. It's many a long year since h« set foot in Ranfurly. Ah, 'tis he has the kind heait, as iveryone knows^— maybe a bit too soft where the ladies is consarned,' She stopped abruptly, remembering the keen young ears straintd for her incautious words. ' Oh, I do hope he will come,' exclaimed Maureen. ' Do you think he will ask to see me, Molly. Surely mamma wouldn't mini — and yet — ' Her eyes contracted, and a little puzzled frow.n drew her smooth brows together. She was trying to remember something — some words thatf in that stormy encoun'er between her parents had flashed like steel from its scabbard and struck her mother pale and dumb. |; If it were Standish.and he were in my place ! I)o you fancy I' am blind, my lady, because I don't choose to see ? Yet — ' And then she had slipped away and left them. What had the words meant? Did her mother really wish the younger brother were iu the place of the elder ? Ovvnorani master of fianfurley— one beloved where the one was hated. Oae respected where the. other was brijy feared ? ''Twill be a grand party intirviy,' cm Linued Molly presently. ?'*' Tvvimy-foiu- to dinner at laste. Ai-i' wasn't I lookin' at yer mother's diminds this very mornin' an' thim sparklin' that lovely on the satin of -her gown.' ' I wish .1 c.uld sea her,'' said, Maurcea wistiiilly./ . . ? ? ., : . - , ? li Well,, and why not ?' said'' Molly coolly. ?? You've only to stand at the corner w ere t he-corridor turns an.J y,::ll see hev'come out. iiV her ro'.'m on' go down th-:1 ?tair«-ise. Ah ! 'tis she is the beautiful or ature whin she's dre sea, an' vrid the julee on her white neck as giand as any Qaane, God ble?s ne:- !'?' 'I'ut that corner is always so dark.' said Lhe child with a little shu ider. '?' Au' what av-thal ? Who's goin' to hurt je. dark or no? There's no plac- a a' 11 see her so well, buritr the diniug-room itself ; an''?esay they've cot axed ye to go in at all ?' Maureen shook her fair head. Then sud denly she rose and leant her arms on Molly's lap, tier little wistful face upturned to the only one that had ever shone with love and tenderness for cer. ' I wishf Molly,' she said, -; I was a woman.' ' Oh. darlin', don't be within'' any sich a thing at all. 'Tis a power av sorrow they've to bear, and wako craytures at the,best. Me self, I never throubled ma head about the bhoiys. There niv.-r was one I'd 'be talkin' to the -whole country round. There was Andy Boyle as was throwin' an eye at me onr-e,' she went on reflectively, ' but diyil a bit av use. An1 a poor husband he'd have made, seeing 'tis three times in g-^ol he's been since Christmas. I mind once Iria arm was round me waist, but I up an' jumps ?oYit av the place afo?e it iver got any further! 33ut there, darlin', don't ye be thinkin' on thim subjects, for swateheaits are poor ?things, and not xrorth the havin' whin we've ] got thio\ Not thr.t the gurls belave it ; . an' ] niver a one in Hi': parish bv;t has her heart set ou s, wine-colored cashmere 'to be married in, and lets the first man as comes alcag put the *'com?dh-:.r ' on her. A.n' what's the end av it ? Living on Ihw clippings nv tiw. rs like as sot, for want ?iv. a ?ook round the ijorner ?a-t:--;ad av a yv:np in the dark.' 7 he -child sighed -mid '-slteped dows again on tke rug by Mo:3y's3io'e. ?' Two hours ret before the onalif/ will b« '?rriS'in',-'' remark -d MrAty } reyently.. 'And me lady will ba v^.5itin' me. to holp'hor dress in :K7i hour. ]{;-:? ,1 --harae -Sir Lu.-fjus doesn't 'ICo her have Iver ow-n nsa-d, nor, t'h.-it thereM ?ijem'.ich for fi hi&i1-;! to do, and tM'm stuct-uv* Toroign niaddavns - -vvonldn':: live a- month iii ?r yiloee like ibis-, for'the rii;s:ivss. tried knpin1 one wfc?n siKS first 'saarrie'l, aa' 11 iver nose ; mrud stay.' ; ''? Manila- sroes 'oat very seldom,' said t'vi ? ?child. ? ' ?'? ' ' ? ? -i 'Thru? for y-e, ' davlia', an' 'tis mnith-tT; rare to have -at-iy en fcei't'\i nisi' .here e£''i2W;u ; Sorra a bit av a party have I . reen for r^-^e : eight months tiin^o-uight. Whist 1 what fi n'lfhb too3 ? The -^wind's moanin' rotiml ijk-s place like -a lay.gion of banshees !' ' Perhaps,' -said Maureen, 'the per-jfe won't cosne, MrAlj.'' !:Oh, tbPT!;i'i -come, darlin1, fast GO-o-ffifjb. 'hei'e's not tco much divarsion in these parts at-'fhe 'be^t'-of times, and weathers irafc ?likely to stop :it whin there's a chance av anv.' . i; I s'iomVI li?kft:{o see them,' -said-Maw-reeii. j 'wis-hSu-U^.. . ?-. WTiii'-all the ladies bea3 brauti ful as ma-mrna.'?'/;.. .. ~ ? ' As beautiful, is 'it-?-- Faith no ! 'Twoukl be hard to bate Tier, agra. '' Not trat she's the same woman she was ten yea^sjig-o^-'teit time and trouble, darlin'. have a dale ?-~- answer 'for wid-us -women But thove— dem't be looking so solsj«n child.. It's notniug to do wid ye. Now git yer doll or yev books an' play iaere till I come back to ye. A-n' mind, if ye want to have a sipr'nt of: -?/or mother psfc go down to the corrMor and -v/fcit undf.r the big picture where the taro. is to the'sfcairease and ye'll see her- beautiful. Atf fJon'fc ve foe thinking of crhos'tg and sich like. ? for they '-re- bain t n© sieh things, barriri' &?? banshee or so as owes to visit the ra?il gjntry/| : No® ye wont be lonesome, wi'l ye?' ; (; Oh. no,' said -the e-hild, cheerfully, as she ' j -fciok-'her doll from its cradle. 'i'rid then went '. over to her favorite shelf of fairy tiles to i select a vnkme. ? ? '. . She seated her?el£ once more by the fire ?' and became -absorbed iu tike sad adventures of ' The Little-' Merm -.id.' She did cot know hew long or short a time kad passed, when the donr opened quietly, and someone came J into the room. See glanced' -up, thinking it ' must, be Molly, bat; to her surprise .ir, was a J stranger a man middle-aged, but strikingly handsome, with a kindly smile on his lips as he met he.- startled t- yes, l! Why, Maureen.' he said, li little Maureen Don't you know me /'' She rose to her feet, shy and wonderixig. ' No,' she said. ' Who are you V :- I am your uncle Standislr,' he answered. 'I thcuyht I would like to see my little friend again, for we were great friend?, Maureen, the last time I'was.here. . Let me see that was four, no five. years ago. You are ten years old sow, are you ''not V ' Ten years to-day,' said the child. No one ha 1 remembered her birthday save oniy her faithful old nurse, Molly. No goo:i wishes or presents hrd celebrated it for her; 'I knew that,' said h?r uce'e smiling. ' An.l if you will come ht re and give me a kiss, and i-ay, ' How do you do uncle Stan di:h ?' i will show you a little preseat 1 have here for vou.' Y There was no resisting that kindly voice, and face. The litt-;e girl forgot her shyness and went over as he htid asked. It seemed strange that ha had remembered what her own parents had ignored. He' bent down to the pale little face and kissed it. ' May you have many more birthdays, little on'1,' Le said, 'and may each be happier than the last. And now here is your present.' i Ke took a small casa from hi's pocket, and opening it revealed a locket, with, her mono-, 'gram in pga-'ls, and suspended from a fine _ g^W chvV'n. The c'hlJd gave a cry of rapfu.c It seemed to her the lov liest thing she had ever seen. She ccvild scarcely believe it was meant for her, even wh-n-'he-r uncle un coiled the chain and far.(ened ' it round her neck. . ' Oh, .how pood of you to think of me,' she cried, ' No one else did — except Molly.' 'And your mother, surely ?'.he eaid. The chili eho.k. hei'lVr head. ' No, I think she forgot,', she said, simply. 'Per- haps, it \v,;s because of the partj to-night. I su{.-po3e t-iiat is why you c:me.'&hu; added gravely. An odd expression shadowed Standish O.'Fiirrall's expressive fa-e. ' Yes,'' he s dd, ' that i^ why. I caais And I remembered it was-.yo-ii* birih lay, and I thought you would cjnu down to dinner also.' ; ' She glanced down at her simple frock and childish pir.afore.- ? ' Ohj.no,' she said. 'They would not let me do that.' ? . ' Not even to de?sart.?'J he said. 'Per- haps if I spoke to youv father — ' Some rev: enibrance of the scene of the morning flashed across the child's brain. ' Oh, plrase do not,' she cried entreat ingly. ''They— -1 mean father — would only be angry, and 1 am much happier here.' He saw she was in earnest, almost pain fully so, and ceased to press thi point. \- ' Well, come and 'sit on my kuerf and talk to me,' he sa:d cheerl'uliy, and took Molly 'Magrath's big easy cha;v and drew Maureen tov»rards him. . She had quite got over her shyness now, and sprang lightly on Siis kne? and beg-in to 'talk to him in hr quaint., old-fashioned way in answer to his question?. They were laughing together over some story he was telling her when again the door opened and Mau een, to her amazeaieist, saw her mother enter Uvj nursery. it was alto gether so unusual a proceeding on the part of Laiy O'Farrali th:it tr,e child stared at her in speechless surprise. H«r hair wt-s dresse--i. but &li3; had only thrown on a loose sort of wrapper, through wrose sheeny silken folds her neck and arms I and the beautiful contour of her figure was plainly visible. Her cbenks were brighily flushed, her eves shone, like, stars. To the child she was as ever — the embodiment of all feaiinine lovelituss. The tr-an looked at her ~vilh s-i.d, grave .eyes,- in which l'eluctant cd miration showi d its;:lf. ? He pu^ the i h Id down, and they advanced and shook h-;nds. ?' You found jour way heie, then ?'' she said in n low voice.. '' I have oiily just heard I you had arrived.' L the took no-'tnoro notice, of the chiid than its-lie -h-'-d b?--n a block of wool ; only beckoned him asi-lo to ihe window and keot him there for a few moments in earnest ton ver atio;'. . ? Maureen w- nd.ered whsttlry were talking about. Hie. oniy ca ght str.iy words here and there. It seemed as if her mother were urging something to which .her uncle ob j--c-eff: but l-e pleadc I vainly against her urgent jiersnanon,- and one by one she com bated his arguments, until, half-reluctautly. he gave the promise she denninded. '' I tell 3011,' she b-ai'i at last.:' it is life or death, l'mnst-havc the money, and th s h the ooly way. At leaat they are worth £10,000^ Live here a day longer 1 Cinnot — ? I will not !' ; ? He gave a warning glance m Maureen s direction, but the child ha 1 taken up her book, and was paying no attention to them. A brief time longer Lady O'Farrail lingered talking .in the sime subdued whispers ; then declaring that she would scarcely have time to dress, she hurried away, only nodding carelessly to the' little girl as she passed her. It seemed to Maureen that a change came over her uncle Standish. His face lest its genial smile, his eyes looked sombre and itri easy. He no longer, laughed and chattered to ker, but stood with his elbow on the man telpiece, gazing -into the bright fire. The child's Sae tact kept her from dis turbing him. She had beau well schooled in Gf-.lf-suppressi-on. .. Aft.er a while he seemed to remember her presence and once ai ^e 'oeg;ai; 1:0 ir«lk io her. Bui; (ha chain w.ss snapped 'It was --:ri efrort to him iosie-ai o? an aniaseinie-nt.; ;v; ? v--.vv soon ha 'bride her good-night to go i_- his room, to '.Trass for dinner. '; 1 -am Maying the night- kere. yr-u know,' he said. . ' So 1 shall Sf e y.-u a^ain.' He bent down and kiss^-l her and then st-oad .£'.5V n niomeiit, his ha-nd on -her h;vid looking c-adly at. the fair hiir and 'c-i.e litllo wii-tSui'-ace. I ' Ah. why weren't y-3u a boy, Maureeo'?' j J.j-3 -paiii , safjly. ''And my enemy instead of j . jf-c?{?.r father's?' l Then he went. sway. It was well that ! neither of 'hr-m kvaew what would h-.ve hav-- .-.r.e-ied i7i flint iil-f^-ed honyehulJ .bifovr-'. th;W f-nisofc :ii.v:iin. Mayrto::- srew movp. ?f-.nri ir.ore restless as 1 the tim-r weac on. it 'Ins?, -su;; decided sh« v/oukl fro dov,r?) to the 'ong-c^rrido:- aad tn (Seavor to.s.:-« if- r raother (is s-h;- p:-i.-s.°d in hrti bravery of sa)ui said ]:!\vt'l3-.i:0 ibo recaption room below. iilie sto'.d d-5'.v'M the -staiv-3 as iha clock pointed t-'i iivc jarmua's beicre the hour, and made her way te ttie corner ef whi-jh islolly had spoken, ft wa? certainly obscure enough foshelc v her, f-«v t'n« cow ?d--.)v was aiwa.s ili-lit, aii'l' svfii to-n:ghb. proved no excep tion. . ? -? She 'had Ecs?«-^ly t-iken -ap her position when the door e£ her mother's dre sing-room opened, and she -tame out. The child .looked a,'1; her in'breatMess aw?. A vision so lovdy seenif.d to her aiaiovt unnatural. ' Hev gown of white satin trailed -befiind li'.r ; diamonds glistened oa her white throat ansi arra=. She passed along like a queen insher beauty, and Jjegan to descend -{.he. stairs.' Sudden! v it seemed to the-ckild.that. a cold 1 wind swept tarouish the gloomy corri'ior. It , sighed past her 1-ke a livin'^-'vii-ice aiid-in- ita. I mournful pas-age a strange sound wailed out, ! ti»d then died into the silence. Was it fancy or- had-a .word -really sounded? The child felt- as if an icy -ha-a-d. had seized her in its grip. She had no power to move cr epeak. Suddenly her mother's voice brek - sh srply a,nd 3'et with a thrill of fear in its clear notes across the stiUnes?. ' Who spoke '?' it said, ^ind she hfdf-turned and stood looking up the stairs, she had des cended, one hand on =the oaken balustrade, i t.h« light falling on laer pda -'and startled fac-e. ' . ...' There -vvfss no answej*. S3ie stojod as ii espeslant, then turiied again .ani went on down tbe broad stairs, the satin of her gown 'rusUiag faintly a? she moved. ? Maureen scarcely waited for that trailing echo to' cease era wi h a low cry she dashed fjotn her hiding-place and into 1 he dressing room wh?re Molly stood, putting away the odds and euus. of hex -mistress' complete toilette. ???'?'?. 'Saints and angel, child! what's the nv»!ter at all ?' she exclaimed, a=s Alauroen new to her, crying and trembling ia sheer bodily terror. . But the child w?s almost speechless, and it took all the old .woman's power of scold ing and soothing combined to calm her into, her old self again. 'There is a voice, Molty.' she cried,. and that vyas all she wou'd say. ' There is a voice. I heard it, aud mot hsr heard it a3 she passed down the stairs.' ' A voice, accushl 1 i' — and the old woman crossed hersel!' hurriedly. ' Och, shure, it's dramin' ^e &vs.; * i is the wind howling— dida't 1 h-.ar it meself ?' But Maureen only shook, her head and. maintained that not oaly had she heard ihe strange whisper, but her mother must have done so, for she had paused and tinned to call up' the s'airs and asked who had spoken. Molly Magrath cca-ecl to argue the point ; she bustled about, tydingthe room, and then made up 5 he fire and took the child back to her nursery. - But even when she was undressed and safe in her own little bed, Maureen could not sleep. She started at the slightest goiind, '' and' grew more feverish and restless as the I night wo e on-. To please Maureen, Jlolly 1-ffc the-rsigat lamp burning \vh n she went to her own bad in the adjoining room, an ', bidding the child shut her eyes and try to sl-3~-v- she set herself to follow her own adviV};?; ? ; Tiiy sound of carriage whee's died a'.vay at last. The silence' (if night descended on the .house. Still Maiire-n lay there wideawake, ? hor eyes starirg at the light, her brain filled wibb a thousand ' strange an :i . thronging fancies. Th^ very stillness of the room be came oppressive. ' Th-3 sighing of the wind hud grown fitful as ihe gale died away. ^The. souni of a clock striking in the dis tance reached the child's ears One — two — . It was two o'clcck ia the morning. t?he longed to sleep ; she drew the clothes over her head and by quite still as she had been t;-. right to do wild quite a little thing. A. lulling calm began to ste:1.! over her excited brain. -Its unnatural activity ceased to tor ment her. She.se-jniC-l to be slowly drifting away on a d rk fea, nr.d thought for a time was'ext'inguishe.l by the torpor of sleep. Whether hours or mom -nts had passed ?( she could not tell, but sii Jdcnly she started up, wi-le awakp., feeling as if the io.v, 'muffled shriek she had heard w-3 still naming in her ears. All was s'le.nt. The room was half in shadow, the tire had died out, the lamp was but a feeble glinuuer ot exhausted light. An impulse overpowering and forcible made her spring from her bed and rudi to the door. Outside all was darkness but a gleam ol'a moon light fell through the uncurtained window of the lancing place, and. sent a milky truck wandering along to the head of the sta:rcase. She crept along tint track led bv some, dim instinct. The fantastic tumult in hor brain had grown suddenly calm, a'l fear had left her. sh - onlv felt that she must go on and down to the long corridor.' It was from there the shriek had ascended. Ptep by step, one small, cold hand ..el'nging to the balustrade, her eye3 wide and strained, guided only by the quivering line of -moon- Jighi, she made her way downwards. The corrido11 wag dusk, and full of sba lows. One solitary lamp wan flickering on a bracket. There was no other light, bub it seemed to Maureen as if txterral illnrninat on could have shown her no more than she felt t-he saw— a white figure lying still and silent at the head of the great staircase. Horror seized the child as she gazed down at the bloodless fac?, the staring eyes trans fixed by 'terror unnttera le, the parted lips, and ' gleaming ivory teeth. Sk-3. crouched down be.-:ida the icotioalcss form, and h- r hinds touched the still warm body, but it w-.'S growii g momentarily more stiff anri rigid. ? Maureen s.taited up and 'screamed aloud. In a moment doors were opened, lights fishing, ar-d all w as confusion and dismay. She remsmleved no more. * :? * The silfiK-e of des -la-tion and ill-repute Ind descc-nde.i in b'anfurly House. Ihe tragic death of Lady O'Farrali had nevt-rbeen qu te satisfactorily explained. To those who had seen her at her ditm-r-iabl-j that night, lovely, 3 --you2, ia lianfc with health an-l life, it seemed altogether horrible to think that a | few hours la'cr she had been found mur dered in her own house. Robbery was supposed to have been the motive - f the crime, for her diamonds were gone, and no trace of them had ever been discovered. The robber must have been secreted in the bouse : an easy matter enough on that niirht wlun doors and windows were open in all directions, and so many strange ''servants about that an unfamiliar face would have excited no remark. At the inquest nothing was discovered' in the way of a clue, aud the usual verdict, ' Mu:;dcr by some pe son unkown,' ei dsd the mystery of that tragic night Statdish O'Fitrrall never crossed hh bro ther's threshold, never was seen to speak to him a^ain from tVat hour. As soon as the 'funeral and investigations were over Sir 'Lucius shut up tho house, leaving only three or four old servants to take care of it, sent Maureen to a school and -went abroad.- Eight ye .ask; af terwai us he was found dead in his bed in a third-r^ts, hotel in 'Pai-is, where he fead been liviog. Death vras certified rs duo to heart com plsiint. a-.'.coleratvd ^y fa^fc living ai d abuso of stimulants. Alter h s death, his brother, Sir Standish, sure jtded to the property, and came to live- at R infurly. Maureen wus now e'tjlitfiec. A beautiful girl with a face of intense melancholy, and p-yes that 3 em-.xl almosr t.-holJ same haunt ing terror in O.vAv de» hs. Her vmcle remo %; h;;; ffom school ss soon as the house aad be«.i put i-.;to orlor, and she c =mc to live at her ol;l h.-sne pgain. Life thorc wns r.ii.!i-:v r-ii:- io foster than baii is U m lmciio'y. V, v rn.-'e hnd aged w.v.fiu: fully in the e !'e ? va::-; i-i- hair vra~ q-ute- white, his --u;b iiguic '.??) be co afi bov'.-cd and i'^i-i.ve. his Kerji-.il F; s c* ?_= and pl:::.!.-ant iiiiUe ha-i uiven place to a.i. ?? x prosi-n oi! :all-a' ?: -orbing sr-i-row. 'People t ;.ii-..(id aud won iev-.-d ii:;d shook their he-'.'.ds atii:l mnnruird - f uncanny deeds aud an evil fate attending the 0'Famill family; . it w-hs coviainly 1:0 pla-'e and no life fora young girl, and Maureeu'-grew pale and shadowy aad silent. Th'. spirt of some si-rang-;: doom seamed for ever brooding a bout ^ xivi Gil-aat.K.omy and dusky corridors of the grim eld mansion. . . Iu h-'.r own old corucr'.-'f 'he nursery tat Molly ilp.grath, an ancicut crone now of seventity-&iK1; for ever taring her, beads and ' crooning old stories to an imaginary child. He1' b.ain had never ,. quite .recovered the shock --of that awful ?nighfc when her nurs ling's scif.a-ms had summoned her from hi, r bed and she had fouad her mistress lying stark and stiff in the lon-i conidor \yith the imprint -of or uel fingers c-n.her bare white throa'', the.lifo choked out oc her by some ruthless hand, and the chilii lying in a dead faint bt-side her. .... . Some'tiBids MauKfrn tried to cet her to tali' of that '.night, but it was only foolish -bubbL;, ^ind-the mystery 'seemed r-eitined to remain for ev'eYirTn'ystBryv--- ,..---..? :.r _ .. Evtryoue evaded the But.'j'cfc, . Her imc'Te would never speak ;-f it. The servants cad' all L'ft except Molly. In vain M&p.reen; sought for clue or. begged for enlightennient. Ii veil the newspapers coataining an account ' of the tragedy had b en kept from her,, and at this late hour it seamed h. 'p.eles's to set copies atiy where. And yet day by day as she lived her ordinary life and w-nt about her ordiaary occupaviona, Maureen teit that the mystery of her mothers, fa. e. was bacoai ing a uauiiting.spectre to h^r. It met her in a thousand, merbories hi her unloved and uiiLappy childhood, it haunted the rooms that her mothr-r had occupied, above all it imunted the long corridor with its u-ioomy corne's and its rows of dismal ' portrait?. She never passed' through it but she seemed to see' that- queenly ' figuro descending ihe broad staircase, die diamonds flashing on her white throa !?/ and in hor beautiful hair. And all that gr;;c3 ;-«nd brillian-.y and bemty had been ruthlessly crushed out ot her in one moment of murderon3 rapacity ! „ II- seamed, awful- to think of, and yet she could not but think of it. tfhe believed now in the lesrend of the warning voice, believe i that it. had indeed brea h-sd its fatal- massage to her niother's car. What d ed harl she con templated when that; p.roph-iiiiic 'Don't' wailed like a wailing wind through the silent corridor and arrested her step. Oh, if she hal listened — ii! she had be lieved 1 * . * . . , * Maureen had lived a yo'-ir v;itn her uncle, and every pay &nd; month of that year had onlv meant an incivase of dreariness and melancholy for both. ? One evening he had retired to the library as usual, and she wa3 sitt'ine'-ieadihga book iu the room she had fitted up and chosen for her own U3e.. Suddenly she, remembered that she had left. a note book, in which she had nvif'e entries and extracts from her. fivorite authors ia the library that afternoon, where she had been reading some of Shelley's . poem?. She rose at occe, trad rail lightly down the stairs and entered th-? rborii. Her uncle was standing before an ok -fashioned ?escritoire, looking into an open drawer. i?o absorbed was he that he did not seam to hear -ihe girl's entrance. ; Wondering what kept him so still she crossed lh« floor and looked over his siionb-ier. , ? ' . ? Iii a moment, Ivi had cra-had-lo the d-\i\ver ia nervcu? h:\ste and turned and faced her angiiiy. ? - - : . '?How dare you steal on me/like that 7- no cried. ' v . The' girl shrank back aUrniei at his auger, especially for so slight a auis?. ? fcsbe t-scused herself, and explained tnatshe had come for her note book, aad having found it, left the room. But when th-i,ha;'t closed the door she sank at the foot of U;--:- staiicise v^hit?e and terrified. Ere the draw, r shut sin ha I caught- the glitter of diau.on s — a m:^s of diamonds gleaming and sparkling undoi the lamp rays even as the Ul-o:nened jewels on that fatal nighr. Could they hi the same? Had hr mother been mur-.ierei not for sake of robbery atter all ? .'he remembered one i.-wel — T.s!:ar wiili an opal c-sntre and five s;reat points, of li^ht;. Surely it was that same ttar she had just sen! She rose aad stumbled confusedly up the stairs arid went to her own bedroom. Her mind wai male up. She woukl ooen that drawer by fair means or foul— jee if .hei' .?us iiicions wer« correct, and then — her though! s trsivelted no farther. Tup. g;al of her dis covery was her limit. Tia e passed on, and she h.ear.1 doors closed and birred, and then he.1 uncie's step passing to his roo:u. Hhe- fancied he pausjd before ? her doov, but she had blown out her light, aud after listening a mom-ant he pas3\:d on. Shs shuddsiel as the last echo died away. Ttie horror of her own. suspicions 'Aero mad dening. hhe waited on and on. It was past mid night. Then she took up. her candie, and softly opened her door. Darkness everywhere. .-?'NoGhiiig stirring in the whole house but her self. Softly and swiftly she passad along, f-hs reached the top of the staircase, the laid one hand on the balustrade, and begun to descend. Suddenly a cold wind rust 1 -\ by, seeming to chill her very life with its freez ing br ath. She stopped, and thf're facing hrin ihe dark b;lowwa? the' white %ure and lovely face 0? her raoihtj'. r-he caught the sheen ot satin from the ir.;ilir:g gown. She saw her hand raised to her h.a-a ihro-it. Tht-n like a- flash the form was g..-ri -, and on Her ear sighed a wailing vi-ieo.- ' Don't' — it ? \vhiipered, and all was (l:u-k and silent once ag*vn. Maureen stood like a figure of stone, cling ing passively to the balustrade, but incapable ot speeclior movement. Should she head the warning ? Should she return and leavj suspicion unverified ? Gradually ihe frozen blood grew winner, her heart c~ja'?ed to throb so wildly. £ he told herst-lf she had 'but fan.ied thi3 scene, and moved slowly down the s'aii\5 once more. ?SI- e entered the library. How cold and dsirk'-anrl plpomy it looked. Before her was the o'd e-crit;i'e, and on it stood two tall silver candlesticks. She lit them and then surveyed the drawers, aad marvelled how she was io open them without keys. Her eyes feil on the desk of the esciitoiie, she tried it and found it was unloosed. She lifted the lid, and saw lying in n 'orner aqaaintoldkey. Seizing it &he; tri d with feverish ringers the drawer slrj had s^t-n open. It opened at one?. S e looked in. It-wis empty. Think ing she might have rzrislhken drav. er she t-tied auo;h v, bur he k«v \v-.;uki not turn h-.-i lock. Imp, 1 !.-;:???' and. a.iseie.l a 5 her failure she ret an. c- 1 to the first, -one. and jerked ic open so roughly s.hat it c»mo out of its place altogether. Actuated by- some explicable impulse she stooped' and peered into the empty aperture. Lying fav back she caught bia;ht of a folded paper. In another inomejit it was in her tund. ' The 'writing wa=i unknown, but to her' amazement she saw it was address^; to her self as follows : — . \- 'To be given to my daughter Maureen O'Farrali by my brother, Standish O'FarralF, at such period of her life as he may deans bust.' bhe sank down on the nearest chair and began to read. The letter was b ief, bufe every word seemed to sear and blister hes young heart with horror. I phall be in my grave when your eyea read this confession,' it ran. ' Maureen, I murdered your mother. I murdered her be cause I whs mad withjeal u-y and suspicion; because I thought the loved my biv.ther; be cause 1 heard her planning to leave me, and caught her in the act of giving him her dia monds. I thought it meant the pledge oS guiit : only too .late 1 learm-d that 1 had wronged both. I fled the plac-, in horror oi my deed and hid myself. He, my brother, kept my secret. ;-:-metime's I wish he had !;o-'— that h-' had given me to the fate I deserved An-i yun Alaureeu — must I confess it y— you :.-iv- a rivurdeier's child. T..111— :':iri reid no more. With one exceeding li'ier cry she £-31 f;ice forwards on the floor, her forehead striking the sharp corner of the 'able, and the blood- streaming from the. wound on h;jr white gown. So Mir Standish found her to hi3 unspeak able .horror when he entered the libra! y nest morning. He had ri -moved the diamonds, intendinej to have them re-set and given them to her oa 'her twentieth birthday. Alas 1 there was no twentieth biithday in store for poor:' Maureen. . -' ' ? She lay in the old churchyard bssideher- ' ill-fated mother lbni- before that dayhaoV. dawned. — t%Aucbiand.WeeKly'News.' On the 14'r.h ul-i .'' Joe'5 Nuttall, champion-. - ? proKsional swirumer of the world, pa licly c' alten=ed Percy Oavili, the Australian : champion,, to swim a one-mile match in opera^ still water for as much money ..as- (Javill .-? ? desired, the race to b-.- contested at a place to be mutually agr ed upon,- and.the date some' ? Saturday towards., the end ' of' ihe- present - month. JSuctail specified the lake at TrafforcH Park, Manchester, if, agreeable to' the Aus; .t.ralia'n, ^^uttall further stated that, following a. match, with .'{7a^ii^^fi^6sl-3jjiave ' a©' ' objection to enter into - Bwiepstates^aS^1* sum that could, be arranged, ^nd^hat'ther^1' would be no .bar . to ;anyone€ ' takiiig part ???????;? therein. J. H. Tyers, the ex- amateur cham pion of the world, whom. Oayili 'beat in a;-- ? mile match last, reason, also challenged 'the ? - -Austialian crack for a mile race, the 'stakes ?' ' to hs £100 aside. Our latest files' con tain no ' evidence of how Oaviil treate'd these offers. ' This cutting from the London ''. Critic' ought to prove interesting as touching the question of ?'?'barracking' raised by Banjit-' ? Binhji :— ' The latest addition to the Middles- ? sex Eleven, H. K. Cobb, should turn out very valuable, as ha is a sure catcher and' ' stopper, and no more need be sai(^v of his batting than, that he' stayed .in for'' two hours against all the variations 'of the Lancashire attack, and kept' his heacS' well, notwithstanding the unmannerly, almost blackguardly, behavior of some ignoramuses in the crowd. Some' day, I - hope, a .captain will take his men off the ground directly this ' barracking' begins, and' .'' teachau,eful lesson. A. Ward, it* may .be'' observed, w.%s treated with similar vul garity.' So, aft-t-r all, barracking at cricket matches is not co'iifined to Australia. 