Mysterious Mr. Sarin." FEY E. PHILLIPS OPPENTIETA1A Author of "Till the Day of Judgment," "A Daughter of Astrea." CHAPTER XVII. At very nearly the same moment as tlio man who had called himself Dr. Wilmot had leaped from tlie library window of' Deringham Hall, Mr. .Sabin sat alone in his sanctum waiting for a visitor. The raom was quite a small one on tlie ground floor of tlie house, but was furnished with taste and evident originality, in tlie Moorish fashion. Mr. Sabin himself was ensconced in an easy cliair drawn close up to the lire, and a thin cloud of blue smoke was steal ing up from a thick Egyptian cigarette which wns burning away between hia fingers. His head was resting upon the delicate fingers of his left hand; his dark eyes were fixed upon the flaming coals. He was deep inThought. "A single mistake now," he murmured, softly, "and farewell to the labor of years. A single false step, and good-bye to all our dreams. To-night will decide it. In a few. minutes I must say Yes or No to Krugen- stein. — I think— I am almost sure that I shall say Yes. Bah!" The frown on his forehead grew more, marked. The cigarette burned on between his fingers, and a long grey ash fell to the- floor. He wns permitting himself the luxury of deep thought. All his life he, had been a schemer; a builder of mighty plans,' a great power in the destinies of great people. To-night he knew that he had reached the crisis of a career in many re spects marvellous. To-night he would take the first of those few final steps on to the desire of his, life. Only it rested with him to cast the die. He muEt make the deci-'. sion and'ahide by it. His own life's ambi tion and the destinies of a mighty nation hung in the balance. Had he made up his mind which way to turn the scale? Scarcely even yet. There were so many things. He sat up with a start. There was a knock. at the door. He caught up the even-'., ing paper, and the cigarette smoke circled,:, about his head. He stirred a cup of coffee by his side. The hard lines in his face had all relaxed. Therewas no longer any anxiety. He looked up and greeted pleasantly, with a certain deference too, the. visitor who was ; being ushered in. He had no appearance of having been engaged in anything more than a casual study of the "St. James's Gazette." "A gentleman, sir," the stolid looking ser vant had announced briefly. No name had been mentioned. Air. Sabin when he rose' and held out his hand did not address his visitor directly. He was a tall, stout man, with an iron grey moustache, and the re mains of a military bearing. "When tlie ser vant had withdrawn, and the two men were . alone, he unbuttoned his overcoat. Under-, heath he wore a foreign uniform, ablaze with orders. Air. Sabin glanced' at them, and smiled. "You are going to Arlington-street," he remarked. The other man nodded. "When I leave hero," he said. . . Then there was a short silence. : ; Eaeli man seemed to be waiting for the, otlier to open the negotiations. Eventually, it was Mi'. Sabin who did so. "I have been carefully, through the file, of papers you sent me," lie remarked. "Yes!" - : "There is no doubt hut that to a certain: extent the anti-English feeling of which you spoke exists." I have made other inquiries, and so far I-am convincd." ... - . "So. The seed 'is sown. It has been sprinkled with a generous hand. Believe ' me, my friend, that for this country there', are in store very great surprises. I speak. : as one who knows.. I do know. So." Mr. Sabin was thoughtful. Ho looked into'; the fire and spoke musingly. "Yet the ties of kindred and common , origin are strong," he said. "It is hard to imagine an open rupture between the two : great Saxon nations of the world." "The tics of kindred,!' said Mr. Sabin's , visitor, "are not worth the snap of a . fin- , ger. So." : He snapped his fingers with a report as sharp as a pistol shot. Air. Sabin started:' in his chair. ' : r "It is the ties' of kindred," he continued, : "which breed irritability, not kindliness, i ' tell you, my friend, that there is a great . storm gathering. It is not for nothing that the great hosts of my country are ruled by q War Lord. I tell you that we are arming to the teeth — silently, swiftly, and with a purpose. It may seem to you a small thing, but let me tell you this — we are a jealous , nation! And we have cause for jealousy. In whatever part of the world we put down our foot, it is trodden on by our ubiqui tous cousins. Wherever we turn to colo nise wo are too late. England has already, secured the finest territory, the most fruit-( ful of the land. We must either take her leavings, or go a-begging. Wherever wa would develop we are heid buck by the commercial and colonising genius — it amounts to that — of tliis wonderful nation. ; The world of to-day is getting cramped. There is no room for a growing England and a growing Germany. So, one must give way, and Germany is beginning to mutter that it slioll not always be her sons who go to the wall. Yon say that France is our natural enemy. I deny it. France is our historical enemy— nothing else. In mili tary circles to-day a war with England would be wildly, hysterically popular; and sooner or later a war with England is as cer tain Co come as the rising of the sun and the waning of the moon. X can tell you even now where the first, blow will be struck. It is fixed. It is to 'come. So." "Not in Europe," Mr. Sabin said. "Not in Europe or in Asia.. The war. .torch will be kindled in Africa." . "The Transvaal!" Mr. Sabin's visitor smiled. "It is in Africa," he said, "that English monopoly has been most galling to my na tion. We, too, feel the burden of over popu- Iation; we, too, have our young blood mak ing itself felt throughout the land— eager, impetuous, thirsting for adventure and free dom. We need new countries where these may develop, and at once ease and streng then our Fatherland. I have seen it written in one of the great English reviews that my country has not the instinct for colonisa tion. It is false. We have the instinct and the desire, but not the opportunity. Eng land is like a great octopus. She is ever on the alert, thrusting out her suckers, and drawing in for herself every new land where riches lay. No country has ever been so suitable for us as Africa; and behold, it is as I have said. Already England has grab bed the finest and most to be desired of the land. She has it now in her mind to take one step further and acquire the whole. But my country has no mind to suffer it. We have played second fiddle to a weaker power long- enough. We want. Africa-, . by friend, and to my mind, and the mind of my mas ter, Africa is worth. having at all costs- listen, even at the cost of war. Mr. Sabin was silent for a moment. There was a faint smile upon his lips. It was a situation such as he loved. He began to feel, indeed, that he was makiug history. "You have convinced me/' he said at last. "You have taught me how to look upon European politics with new eyes. But there remains the one important question. Sup posing I break off my negotiations in other quarters, are you willing to pay my price?" The ambassador waved his hand. It was 8 "If what you give fulfils your own state ments," he said, "you cannot ask a price which my master would not pay." Mr. .Sabin moved a little in his chair. His eyes were bright. A faint tinge of color was in his olive cheeks. "Four years of my life," he said, "have been given to the perfecting of one branch ' only of my design; the other, which is barely completed, is the work of the only man- in England competent to handle such a task. The combined result will be infal lible. ' .When I place in your hands a simple roll of papers and a small parcel, the future of this country is_ absolutely and entirely at your mercy. That is beyond question or doubt. To whomsoever I give my secret, I give oyer the destinies of Eng land. But the price is a mighty one." "Name it," the ambassador said, quietly. "A million — two millions? Bank? What is it? "For myself," Mr. Sabin said, nothing! The other man started. "Nothing?" "Absolutely nothing!" The ambassador raised his hand to his forehead. "You confuse me," he said. "My conditions," Mr. Sabin said, ' are these: The conquest of France, and the restoration of the monarchy, in the persons of Prince Henri and his cousin .the Princess Helene of Bourbon!" "Ach!" ' . . ! The little interjection shot from the am bassador's lips with sharp staccato empha-i sis. Then there was a eilence — a brief dramatic silence. The two men sat motionless, the eyes of each fastened upon the other. The am-1 bassador was breathing quickly, and hisj eyes -sparkled with excitement, Mr. Sabin; was pale and calm, yet there were traces of nervous exhilaration in his quivering lips and bright eyes. "Yes, you were right, you were right, in deed," tlie ambassador said slowly. "It is a' great- price that you ask!" Mr. Sabin laughed very softly. "Think," he said. "Weigh the matter well! Mark first this fact— if what I give you has not the power I claim for it, our contract is at an end. I ask for' nothing; I accept nothing. Therefore, you may as sume that before you pay my price your own triumph is assured. Think — reflect care fully! What will you owe to ine? The hu miliation of England, the acquisition of lrer colonies, the destruction of her commerce, and such » war indemnity as only tlie richest power on earth could nay. These things you gain. Then vou are the one supreme power in Europe. France is at your mercy. I will tell you why. The Koyalist party have been gaining strength year by year, month by month, minute by minute! Proclaim yoiir intentions boldly. The country will crumble up before you. It would be hut a half-hearted resistance'. France has not the temperament of a people who will remain for ever faithful to a democratic form of government. At heart alio is aiistocrntio. The old nobility have a life in them which you cannot dream of. I know, for I have tpted it. _ It has been weary waiting, but the time is ripe. France is ready- for the cry of "Vive le Boil Vive la Monarchic!" I who tell you these tilings have proved them. I- have felt tlie pulse of my country, and I Jove her too well to mistake the symp toms!" 1 The ambassador was listening with greedy jarg— he was breathing hard through liis " >va? easv to pee that the glamor of the thing had laid bold of him. He foresaw for himself an immortal name, for his coun try a greatness beyond the wildest dreams of her most sanguine Ministers. tji=n1o,-(.t, himself had planned nothing like this!" "Yet he did not altogether lose his common sense. "But Russia!" lie objected. "She would France ,,eanclon a German invasion of Sir. Sabin smiled scornfully. You are a great politician, my dear Baron, and you say a thing like that! You amaze me! But of course the whole affair is new to you; you have not thought it out as I have_ done. Whatever happens in Europe, . Russia will maintain the isolation for which geography and temperament have marked her out. She would not stir ono hnger- to help I ranee. Why should she? Wfiat could France give her in return? What would she gain by plunging into an exhausting war? To the core of her heart, and the tips of ber finger nails, the Musco vite is selfish! Then, again, consider thi9. You are not going to ruin France as you i did before; you are going to establish a new | dvnasty, and not waste the land, or exact a . mighty tribute. Granted that sentiments i of friendship exist between Russia and France! l5o you not think that Russia would not sooner see France a monarchy . Do vou think that she would stretch out her little finger to aid a tottering Republic, and to keep back a king from the throne of France? Alon Dieu! Never!'- Mr. Sabin's face was suddenly illumin ated. A fire flashed in his dark eyes, and a note of fervent passion quivered hfelike in his vibrating voice. His manner had all the abandon of one pleading a great cause, nursed by a great heart. He was a patriot, or a poet, surely not merely a politician— a mere intriguing adventurer. For a mo ment he suffered his enthusiasm to escape him. Then the mask was # as suddenly dropped. He was himself again, calm, con vincing, impenetrable. . . As the echoes of his last interjection died away, there was a silence between the two men. It was the ambassador at last who broke it. He was looking curiously at his companion. , . . , , "I must confess,' said slowly, that you have fascinated me! You have done more! You have made me see dreams ana possibilities which set down upon paper 1 should have mocked at. Mr. Sabin, 1 can no longer think of you as a person, you are a personage! We are here alone, and 1 pin as secret as the grave; be so kind as to iilt the veil of your incognito, l ean no longer think of you as a person, you are a per sonage! . Air. Sabin smiled a curious smile, and lit a cigarette from the open box before him. "That," he said, pushing the box across tlie table; "you may know in good time, if, in commercial parlance, we deal. Until that point is decided, I am— Mr. Sabin. do not even admit that it is an incognito. "And yet," the ambassador said, with a curious lighting of his face, as though recol lection had suddenly been vouchsafed to him, "I fancy that if I were to call you Mr. Sabin's protesting hand was stretched across tlie tabic. "Excuse me," he interrupted; let it re main between us as it is now. My incognito is a necessity for the present. Let it con- tin.-,,- to be — 3Ir. Sabin! Now, answer mc. All has been said that can be said between us. What is your opinion?" The ambassador rose from his scat, and stood upon the heatlirug, with his back to The fire. There was a streak of color upon his sallow cheeks, and his eyes shone orifrhtly underneath his heavy brows, .lie £ ad removed his spectacles, and was swing- them lightly between his thumb and forefinger. . "X -will be frank with you," lie said. My opinion is a favorable one. I shall appli for leave of absence to-morrow. In a week all that you have said shall be laid before my master. Such as my personal influence is, it will be exerted on behalf of the accept ance of vour scheme. The greatest difficulty will be, "of course, persuading tlie Emperor of its practicability — in plain words, that what you say you have to offer will have the importance which you attribute to it. "If you fail in that," Mr. Sabin said, also rising, "send for me. But bear this in mind— if my scheme should after all be in effective, if it should fail in tlie slightest 1 detail to accomplish all that I claim for it, what can you lose? The payment is con- ! ditional upon its success; the bargain is all in your favor. I should not offer such terms unless I held certain cards. Remember, if there are difficulties, send for me! 1 "I will do so," the ambassador said, as he 1 buttoned bis overcoat. "Now give me a ; limit of time for our decision." I "Fourteen days," Mr. Sabin said. How i I shall temporise with Lobenski for so long I cannot tell. But I will give you 14 days i from to-day. It is ample!" 1 The two men exchanged farewells nnd I parted. Mr. Sabin, with a cigarette be- \- tween his teeth, and humming now and then a few bars from one- of- Verdi's operas, commenced to carefully select a bagful of golf clubs from a little pile which stood in one corner of the room. Al ready they bore signs of considerable, use, and he handled tliem with the care of an expert, swinging each one gently, 'and hesi1 taring Tor some time between a wooden or a metal putter, and longer still between the rival claims of a bulgei- and a flat headed brasscy. At last the bag was full, he re sumed his seat and counted tliem out care fully. . . "Ten," lie said to himself soitly. Too many! It looks amateurish!" Some of the steel heads were a little dull ; he took a piece of chamois leather from the pocket of tlie bag, and began polishing them. As they grew brighter, he whistled softly to himself. This time tlie opera tune seemed to have escaped him; lie was whist ling the Marseillaise. CHAPTER XVIII. The ambassador, when he left Mr. Sa bin's house, stepped into a hired hansom and drove off towards Arlington-street. A young man who had watched him come out, froiii the other side of the way, walked swiftly to the corner of the street and stepped into a private brougham which was waituig there. . . "To the Embassy, lie said. Drive fast." The carriage 6et him down in a few- minutes at tlie house to which Denshamand Harcutt had followed Mr. Sabin on the night of their first meeting with liim. He walked swiftly into the hall. "Is his Excellency within?" he asked a tall servant in plain dress who came for ward to meet him. "Yes, Monsieur Felix," the man an swered; "he is dining very, late to-night— in fact, he has not yet risen from the tabje." r «- j ?> W : "It is a very small party. Madame la Princcsse lias just arrived from Paris, and bis Excellency has been waiting for her." He mentioned a few more names; there was no one of importance. Felix walked into the hall porter's office, and Bcribblc-d a few words on half a sheet of paper, which lie placed in an envelope aud yurefullv sealed. "Let liis Excellency liav. this privately and at once," lie said to the man. "I will go into the waiting room. The man withdrew with the note, and Felix crossed tlie lyj'l, and entered a small room nearly opposite. > It was luxuriously furnished with easy chairs and divans; there were cigars and cigarettes, and decanters upon a round table. Felix took note of none of these things, nor did he sit down. He stood with his hands behind him, look ing steadily into the fire. His cheeks were almost livid, save for a single spot ot burn ing color high up on his clieek;bone. J.1 is lingers twitched nervously. H>3 eyes weie dry, and restlessly bright. He was evident ly in a state of great excitement. In less than two minutes the door opened, ana a tall, distinguished looking man, Brey ''call ed, but with moustache still almost blacK, came softly into the room. His breast glit tered with orders, and lie was in lull Court dress. He nodded kindly to the young man, who greeted him with respect. "Is it anything important, Felix. he asked; "you are looking tired. _ "Yes,' your Excellency, it is important, Felix answered; "it concerns the man Sabin." The ambassador nodded. "Well," lie said, "what of him? Yrou have not been seeking to settle accounts with him, I trust, after our conversation, and your promise? Felix shook his head. "No," lie said. I gave my word, and I shall keep it! Perhaps vou may some day regret that you inter fered between us. "I tlunk not," the prince replied. i our services are valuable to me, my dear Felix, and in this country, more than any other, deeds of violence are treated with scant cere mony, and affairs of honor are not under stood. No, I saved you from yourself for myself. It was an excellent thing for both of us." "I trust," Felix repeated, "that your Ex cellency may always think so. But to lie brief. - The report from. Cartienne is to; hand." - - -7 The ambassador nodded, and listened ex pectantly. "He confirms fully," Felix continued, "the value of the documents which are in question. How lie obtained access to them he does not say, but his report is absolute. He considers that they justify fully the man Sabin's version of them. The prince smiled. "My own judgment is verified," he said. "I believed in the man from the first. It is good. By the bye, have you seen anything of Mr. Sabin to-day?" "I have come straight," Felix said, "from watching his house." "Tlie Baron von Krugenstein has been there alone, incognito, for more than an hour. I watched him go in, and watched him out." The prince's genial smile vanished. His face grew suddenly as dark as thunder. Tlie Muscovite crept out unawares. There was a fierce light in his eyes, and liis face was like tlie face of a wolf. Yet his voice when he spoke was low. "So, ho!" he said, softly; "Mr. Sabin is doing a little flirting, is lie. Ah!" "1 believe," the young 111:111 answered slowly, "that he has advanced still further than that. The baron was there for an hour. Ho came out walking like a young man. He was in a state of great excite ment." The prince sat down, and stroked the side of his face thoughtfully. "The great elephant," he muttered. "Fancy- such a creature calling himself a di plomatist. It is well, Felix," he added, 'that I had finished my dinner, otherwise you would certainly have spoilt it. If they have met like this— there is no end to tlie possibilities of it. I must sec Sabin imme diately. Jt ought to' be easy to make him understand that I am not to be trifled with. Find out where he is to-night, Felix — I must follow- him." Felix took up his hat. "I will be back," he said, "in half an hour." The prince returned to his guests, and Felix drove off. When lie returned his chief was waiting for him alone. "Mr. Sabin," Felix announced, "left town half an hour ago." "For abroad," tlie prince exclaimed, with flushing eyes. . "lie KSis gone to Germany." Felix shook his head. "On tlie contrary," he said, "he lia3 gone down to Norfolk to play golf." "Into Norfolk to play golf!" the prince repeated in a- tone of scornful wonder. "Did you believe a story like that, Felix? - Rub bish." Felix Bmiled slightly. "It is quite true," he said. "LobanolT makes no mistakes, and lie saw liim lea ve ins. house, take liis ticket at King's Gross,- arid' actually leave the station." "Are you mire that it is -not a blind?" tlie prince asked incredulously. Felix shook his head. "It is quite true, your Excellency," he said. "If you knew the man as well as I do, you would not be surprised. He is indeed a very extraordinary person, he does these sort of things. Besides I10 wants to keep out of the way." The prince's face darkened. "He will find iny way a little hard to get out of," he said fiercely. "Go and get some dinner, Felix, and then try and find out whether Krugenstein has any notion of leav ing England, lie will not trust a matter like this to correspondence. Stay, 1 know how to manage it. I will write and ask him to dine here next week. You shall take the invitation." "He will be at Arlington-street," Felix re marked. "Well, you can take it on to him there," the prince directed. Go first to his house and ask for his whereabouts. Thev will tell you Arlington-street. You will not know of course the contents of the letter you carry; your instructions were Bimply to deliver it and get an answer. Good! you will do that." The prince, while he talked, was writing the note. Felix thrust it into his pocket and went out. In less than half an hour iie was back. Tlie baron had returned to the German Embassy unexpectedly before going to Arlington- street; and Felix had caught him there. The princp tore open the answer and read it hastily through:— "The German Embassy, Wednesday Evening. "Alas, my dear prince, liad I been able, nothing could have given me so much plea sure as to have joined your little party, hilt, unfortunately, this wretched climate, which we both so justly loathe, has upset my throat again, and I have too much regard for my life to hand myself over to the Eng lish doctors! Accordingly, all being well, I go to Berlin to-morrow night, to consult our own justly famed Dr. Steinlaus. "Accept, iny dear prince, this expression of my most Binccre regret, and believe me, "Yours most sincerely, "Karl- von Krugenstein." "The doctor whom he has gone to consult is no man of medicine," the prince said thoughtfully. "He has gone to the em peror!" CHAPTER XIX. "Lord Wolfenden!" . He laughed at her surprise, and took oil his cap. He was breathless, for he had been scrambling up the steep side of the hill, oil which she was standing, looking steadfastly out to sea. Down in the valley from which he had come, a small boy with a bag of golf clubs on liis back was standing, making ima ginary swings at the ball, which lay before him. , . , "I saw you from below, he explained. "I couldn't help coming up. You don't mind?" "No, I am glad to see you, she said, simply. "You startled me, that is all. 1 did not hear you coming, and I had for gotten almost where 1 was. I was- think ing!" He stood by ber side, his cap still in his hand, facing the strong sea wind. Again lie was conscious of that sense of extreme pleasure which had always marked his chance meetings with lier. This time he felt perhaps that there was some definite reason tor it. There was something in her expres sion, when she had turned so swiftly round which seemed to tell him that her first words were not- altogether meaningless. Sho was looking a little pale, and he fancied also a little sad. There was an inexpressible wist- fulness about her soft, dark eyes; the light and charming gaiety of her manner, so un- English, and so attractive to him,' had given place to quite another mood. Whatever her thoughts might have been, when he had first seen her there, her tall, slim figure, outlined 30' clearly against the abrupt sky line, they were at all events scarcely pleasant ones. He felt tltat his sudden appearance had. not been unwelcome to ber, and he was unrea sonably pleased. "You are still all alone," he remarked. "Has Mr. Sabin not arrived?" She shook her head. "I am all alone, and I am fearfully and mi serably dull. This place does not attract me at all; not at this timo of the year, i have not heard from my uncle. He may be here at any moment." There was no time like the present. He was suddenly bold. It was an opportunity which might never be vouchsafed to him again. "May I come with you, a little way, along the cliffs?" he asked. She looked at him and hesitated. More than ever he was aware of some subtle change in her. It was as though her mental attitude towards liira had adapted itself in some way to this new seriousness of demean or. It was written in her features; liis eyes read it eagerly. A certain aloofness, alinust hauteur, about the lines of her mouth, creeping out even in her most careless tones, and plainly manifest in the carriage of her head, was absent. She seemed immeasurably nearer to him. She was softer and more womanly. Even Jier voice, in its new and more delicate notes, betrayed the change! l'erhnps it was only a mood; yet he would take advantage of it. "What about your golf?" she said, mo tioning down into the valley, where his an tagonist was waiting. "Uh, 1 cun easily arrange that," he de clared, cheerfully. "Fortunately I was pluyiug the professional, and he will not mind leaving off.'/ lie waved to his caddie, and scribbled a few lines on the back of a card. "Give that to M'Phcrson," he said. "Y011 can clean my clubs and put' them in my locker. I shall not be playing again this morning." The boy disappeared down the hill. They stood for a moment side by side. "I have spoilt your game," she said. "I am so sorry!" He laughed. "I think you know," he said boldly, "that I would rather spend five minutes with you than a day at golf." She moved on with a smile at the corners of her lips. "What a downright person you are," she said. "But, honestly, to-day I am not on the mood to be alone. I am possessed with an uneasy spirit of sadness! I am afraid of iny own thoughts!" "I am only sorry," ho said, "that you should have any that are not happy ones! Don't you think, perhaps, that you are a little lonely? You seem to have so. few friends!" . "It is not that," she answered. "I have imu'iy and vfery dear friends, an'd it is only for a little time that I am separated from them! It is simply that I am not used to solitude, and I am becoming a creature of moods and presentiments. It is very foolish that I give way to them; but to-day I am miserable. You must stretch out that strong hand of votirs, my friend, and pull me up!" I will do my best," he said, "I am afraid 1 cannot claim that there is anything in the shape of an affinity between us, for to-day I am particularly happy!" She met his eyes briefly, and looked away seawards, y.'ith tho ghost of a sorrowful smile upon her lips. Her words sounding nke a warning. las'l" "0t be sme'" b1i Baid- "Ifc may not 'It will last," be said, "so long as you choose, ror to-day you ure the mistress of iny moods! "Then I am very sorry for you," she said earnestly. He laughed it off, but her words brought a certain depression with them. He went 011 to speak of some1 king else. "I have been thinking about you this morning, lie said. "If your uncle is going to play golf hero, it will be very dull for you. Would you care for my mother to come and see you? She would be delighted I am sure, for it is dull for her, too, and she is fond of young people. If you " He stopped short. She was shaking her her head slowly. The old despondency was back in lier face. Her eyes were full of trouble. She laid her delicately gloved lingers upon his arm. "My fiic-uu," she said, it is verv kind' 01 you to think of it, but it is impossible. 1 1 cannot tell you why, as I would wish. But ' at present I do not desire any acquain-' tances. 1 must not in fact think of it. It! would give me great pleasure to know your mother. Only I must not. Believe me that it is impossible! Wolfenden was a little hurta good deal mystified. It was a very odd thing! lie was not 111 the least a snob, but lie knew that the visit of the Countess of Dcringliam, whose name was still great in the social world, was not n thing to be re fused without grave reasons by a girl in the position of Mr. Sabin's niece. The old ques tion came back to liim with an irresistible) empliasisl Who v.-ere these peop|g? He looked at her furtively. He was an obser- vant man in the small details of a woman's toilette, and he knew that lie had never met a girl better turned out than his present companion. The cut of her tailor mad gown was perfection, her gloves and , could scarcely have come from anywhere I in? Paris. She carried herself, too, with a ncr feet ease and indefinable distinction, which could only have eomc to her by decent She was a perfect type of the woman of breeding— unrestrained, yet aristocratic to the tips of lier finger nails. I-Io sighed as he looked away from her "You are a very mysterious young ivo- man!" he said, with a forced air of gaiety "I am afraid that I am," she admitted re. gretfully. "I can assure you that I am verv tired of it. But it will not last for verv much longer!" "You are really going away, then?" he asked quickly. "Yes! We Bhall not be in England much longer!" "You are going for good?" he asked. "I mean, to remain away." "When we go," she said, "it is very doubtful if ever I shall set my foot ou Eng lish soil again!" He drew a quick breath. It was liis one chance, then! Her last words must be hi. excuse for such precipitation. They hail scrambled down through ail opening in the cliffs, and there was no one else in sight. Some instinct seemed to tell lier what was coming. She tried to talk, but she could not. His hand was closed upon hers, and she had not the strength to draw it away. It was so very English, this sudden wooing! No one had dared to touch lier lingers be fore without first begging permission. "Don't you know, Helene— that I love you! I want. you to live in England— to be my wife! Don't say that 1 haven't a clinnce. I know that I ought not to have spoken yet— but you are going away so soon, and I am so afraid that I might not see you again alone! Don't stop me, please!" I am not asking you now for your love. I know that it is too soon — to hope for that— altogether! I only want you to know— and to be allowed to hope." "You must not! It is impossible!" The words were very low, and they came from her, quivering with intense pafn. He released her fingers. She leaned upon a huge boulder, nnd, resting her face upon her hand, gazed dreamily out to sea." "I am very sorry, she said. "My uncle was right after all. It was not wise for 113 to meet I ought to have 110 friends! It was not wise! It was very foolish!" Being a man, his first thoughts had been for himself, but at lier words he forgot, every thing except that she, too, was unhappy. IJe drew closer to her again. "Do you mean," lie said slowly, "that you cannot care for me, or that there are diffi culties which seem to you to make it im possible?" She looked up at him, and he scarcely knew lier transfigured face with the tears glistening upon her eyelashes. "Do not tempt me to say what might make both of us more unhappy," she begged. "Be content to know that I cannot marry you!" "Y011 have promised — somebody else!' ITc ground liis liecl into the soft sands, and his eyes flashed. "I shall probably marry," she said, deli berately, "somebody else/' "You are being coerced," he cried. She lifted her head proudly. "There is no person breathing," she said quietly, "who would dare to attempt such a tiling." \- Then he looked out with her towards the sea, and they watched the long, rippling waves break upon tlie brown sands, the faint and unexpected gleam of wintry sun shine lying upon the bosom of the sea, and the screaming seagulls, whose while winga slione like alabaster, against tlie darker clouds. For liim these things were no long er beautiful, nor did he see the sunlight which, with a sudden fitfulness, had warm ed the air. It was all very cold and grey. It was not possible for liim to read tins riddle. Yet— she lind not said she could not care for liim. There was that hope: "There is no one," he said, slowly, "who could coerce you. You will not many me, but you will probably many— some body else. Is it, then, that you care for tins other man and not for me:' She shook her haul. . , "Of the two," she said, with a faint at tempt .at her old manner, "I prefer you. Yet I shall marry him!" Wolfenden became aware of an unex pected sensation. He was getting angry. "1 have a right," lie said, resting his hand upon her shoulder, and gaining cour age from her evident weakness, to Know, more! I have given you my love! At leas' vou owe me in return your confidence, nee 'me have it! You shall see that even if i may not be your lover, I can at least do your faithful friend." . , , T She touched his hand tenderly. It noo scarcely land of her— certainly not wise. '.no had taken off lier glove, and tire touch of lier soft, delicate fingers thrilled luni. I he blow rushed through liis veins like mad niu-iic. The longing to take her into Ins » was almost uncontrollable. Her dark ejes looked upon liim very kindly. "My friend," she said, I know that jo would be faithful! You must not be anrfj with me! Nav, it is your pity In''1;,1,!!? day you will know all. Then I think tn you will understand. Perhaps l:VCI1iAni will be sorry for me, if I mil not forgotte I only wish that I could tell you I may not. It makes me sad to deny jou, but I must!" .. ii> "I mean to know," lie said doggedly, mean to know everything. I ou iicing yourself. To talk of mnmmg I,? whom you do not love is absurd. » you? If you do not tell mo, I shall S,, your guardian, I shall go to Mr. ball n. "Mr. Sabin is, ahvaya at your senw said a suave voice almost at I"'?.,, "Never more so than at the present. Wolfenden turned round wit 1 « tart. « was indeed Mr. Sabin who stood the . Sabin in' unaccustomed guise, clad manga' , tweed suit, and leaning ui»mi "Conre/'he'said, good humored'fi'.infun- look at me as though I were soinct ung canny. If you bad not been 1 bo v sorbed, you would have heard mc |j you from the cliffs. I wanted to «» c m the climb, but you were deaf, both ot Am T the first mnn xvl ' oa 0 f o t fife I „ t .# ;t the sands linve fallen lightlj .f (cni that you wish to ask me, Lord M oil ende' 1 Wolfenden was in no way deM- ic the man's coining. On the eontraij, . glad of it. . He answered boldly, ami out hesitation. . Sabin," "I want to marry your niece, Mi. he said. ... , „ Sibin ro ' "Very natural, indeed, Mr- 1 „l,«l easily. "If I wcr0 a yung man of al,d evident, taste, I have not the EE doubt but that I should want to marry w mvsclf. I offer you my sincere svm- tl,r It is, unfortunately, impossible!'1' pS« Wt to know," Wolfcnden said, "why it is impossible. I want a reason of some shall have one, with pleasure," Mr. Sabin said. "My niece has already pro- aClnan"' Wolfenden exclaimed indig nantly, "whom she admits she does not c"whoin she lias, nevertheless " Mr. Sabin raid fimilv, and with a sudden flash of Sr in his eyes, "agreed and promised of w own free will to marry! Look here, W Wolfendcn, I do not desire to quarrel TriSr you! You saved me from a very awk ward accident a few nights ago and I. re- maka your debtor! Be reasonable! My niece refused your offer! I confirm her re- &' Your proposal does us both much Er, but it is utterly out. of the question. That s putting it plainly, is it not Now, vou must choose for yourself—whether you Ilrop this subject and remain our very valued friend, or whether you compel, me to ask you to leave us at once, and consider 11s henceforth strangers. The girl laid her hand upon his shoulder, and looked at him pleadingly. "For my sake," she said, "choose to re main our friend, and let this be forgotten. "For your .sake, he said, I consent, but I rive no promise that I will not at some future time re-open the subject. ' "You will do so." Mr. Sabni said, " ex actly when you feel that you desire to close vour acquaintance with us. For the rest, von have chosen wisely. Now, I am going to take you homo, Helene. Afterwards, if Lord Wolfenden will give me a match, I shall be delighted to have a round of golf with him." "I shall be very pleased," Wolfenden """I will' see you at the Pavilion in half an hour," Mr. Sabin said. "In the mean time you will please excuse us. I have a few words to say to my niece. She held out both her hands, looking at him half kindly, half wistfully. "Good-bve," she said, 1 am so sorry. But lie looked straight into her eyes, and he answered lier bravely. He would not admit defeat. . "I hope that you are not," he said. "I shall never regret it. (To be continued.) 