LOCAL AND GENERAL. Mr A. E. Morgans, M.L.A., was a passenger to Perth by the express yesterday afternoon to attend to his Parliamentary duties. To-day being the anniversary of the coronation of Her Majesty, will be observed as a Government holiday. The Post-office Savings Bank will be closed c all day, but all other branches of the Postal Department will be open as usual. There were three admissions to the Government Hospital yesterday, as follows : —Mrs E. Busha, suffering from injury t j the elbow; John Dillon, suffering from injury to the finger; and T. H. Harris, whose complaint could not be ascertained. The Lands and Works Committees of the Municipal Council held meetings yesterday afternoon dealing with routine business. The Works Committee also dealt with several matters arising out of Friday's tour of inspection of the town and suburbs. Included in the passengers for Perth by yesterday afternoon's train from Coolgardie were Mr Harry Johnson, Surveyor- General; Mr W. L. Daniell, of the W.A. Goldfields Ltd; and Superintendent Fraser, ot the Railway Department, who has been making an inspection of the goldfields lines. Mr W. E. Cooke, the Government astronomer, has issued the following weather forecast for the 24 hours from noon on June 27 :—' The unsettled weather ia moving eastward, and it will be fine but cloudy on the west coast and inland, and gradually im proving in south-west and along the south coast, with some showers. The heavy seas experienced are slowly subsiding.' " The division on Mr Leake's amendment on the Address-iu-Reply will very likely be reached on Friday night. The Government majority, in a thin Hou&e;, is variously esti mated at from fi re to 10, and may be any where between those numbers, The member for Albany is responsible for a sinful waste of time and the loss of two weeks which might have been devoted to considering some of the proposed practical legislation of which the province is so urgently in need. A pleasant evening was spent at the Pioneer Hotel, 50-Mile Tank, Horseman road, on Wednesday evening last, the occa sion being a presentation to the contractors for the tank, Messrs Malone Brof, by tha men employed under them. The chair was taken by Mr W. Sloane, who, after a few appropriate remarks, made the presentation, whi^h consisted of two handsome gold Albert chains, with pendants suitably inscribed. The chairman then proposed the health of Messrs Malone Bros, who replied in feeling terms. Other toasts were given, intermixed with songs and recitations, and the room was then cleared for dancing, which was kept up till an early hour. Miss Hayes, the proprietress, supplied refreshments in her usual liberal style. In the Police Court yesterday further claims for wages against. George Herbert Kingswell were heard. The defendant did not appear, and Mr V. F. Smith, who ap peared for the claimants, said that he had received a telegram stating that Mr Kings well had left Fremantle for the East by the steamer Kalgoorlie on Friday night. As the distress in the previous 18 cases heard against the same defendant had been re turned he asked the B.M. to issue a warrant for the detention of the debtor. Mr Finnerty granted the application, and the police telegraphed to Albany to detain the defendant, but the steamer had left that lort for Adelaide before the message authorising Mr Kingswell's detention arrived there. The petitions praying the Executive Council to reject the provisionally-accepted resignation of Dr M'Neil and reinstate him iu hiB position of Government medical offioer are beicg largely signed. Ten lists are out, and that in charge of Chief Macdonald and Mr G- Castieau, when seen yesterday, bore in the vicinity of 500 signatures. These were exclusive of lists being signed by miners and ex-patients, and the petition, which is to be forwarded to-day to Mr Morgans for presentation to the Executive at i s meeting tomorrow, will bsai the signatures of all sorts and conditions of man who have been privileged to know Dr JI'Neill as a profes sionaljnan or as a citizen. The half-yearly meeting of the Coolgardie Branch of the Australian Natives Association was held last evening in the Mechanics' Iistitute, in the presence of a large gathering The offi :ers elected for the ensuing six months were :—President, Mr J. Sneddon ; vice-president, Mr L. A. .Horsfall; treasurer, Mr W. T. Eddy; secretary, Mr C. Lowry ; committeemen, Messrs M Do wall, Jenkins, Robertson, Hewitt, and f Connolly. The branch is in a very prosperous condition, and during the evening six new members were elected and eight gentlemen proposed for membersh p. An excellent programme wa3 arranged for the ensuing term, including debates, popular lectures, and social evenings, and it is believe i that the branch will enjoy a successful session. Mr Eddy will give a lecture on Adam Lindsay Gordon on July 5, 1898. Yesterday's meteorological readings are as follow :—8 a.m.: Maximum, 49 4deg ; minimum, 37-2deg; dry bulb, 49 2deg; wet bulb, 46deg. 3 p.m.: Maximum, B5-4deg; minimum, 55deg ; dry bulb. 55'2deg: wet bulb, 48 2deg. The secretary of the Mining and Industrial Exhibition yesterday received a wire from Mr Joubert stating that he intended leaving Perth to-day. The telegram further announced the fact that Mr Joubert had b.en very successful in his mission to the various Ministers on matters connected with the Exhibition. We have received a letter from a lady in London, asking for information as to her brother, and explaining that, as he has not written to her lately, and has ceased sending her THE PIONEER, she fears that some mis- fortune must have happened to her relative. The gentleman in question is well and hearty, but his conduct in depriving the lady of the much-prized PIONEER is beyond comprehension. The Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the charge brought by Mr Levien, M.P., against Messrs Sleath and Ferguson, M.'sP., was opened yesterday in Sydney. The defendants were present, but the prosecutor, notwithstanding that he had been three time? waited upon and repeatedly sent for to his office, which is not a short throw of a stone from the caurt-house door, did not attend. Maybe Levien finds he has bitten ofiE more than he can masticate comfortably. An enginedriver named John Dillon, employed on the Big Blow mine, met with a painful accident yesterday^morning whilst at work. He was in charge of a small winch used fir hauling the trucks up the inclined portion of the tramway to the battery. At the time of the mishap Dillon was raising a loaded truck, which was half way up, when he-took hold of the wire rope in his hand to direct its course over the drum. In doing so one finger was caught under the rope and severed completely from th« hand. The injured man was able to stop the engine, and walking down below, was placed in a buggy and driven to the hospital. The detached finger was afterwards found wound on the d'um of the winding machine. Several members of the municipal council had a conference with Mr Harry Johnson, the Surveyor-General, and Mr H. 8. King, inspecting surveyor, at the Council Chambers yesterday on matters which are under the control of the Lands Department affecting the town. The subjects discussed were the reduction in the upset price of town lots, the prohibition of indiscriminate squatting on Crown lands and reserves, the removal of the Afghan camps from close proximity to the town, the proclamation of the gravel pit reserve as park lands, the extension of the municipal boundaries to embrace residence areas, und the providing of residence sites for mioers near their work. In nearly every particular the views of the council and of Mr Johnson were in accord. A full report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. The progress made in the erection of the buildings for the W.A. International Mining and Industrial Exhibition will be illustrated in this week's PIONEER, which will contain a fine large picture showing the structure as it now stands. Among the other illustrations in this up-to-date weekly will -be found panoramic views of Kalgoorlie from recently taken photographs a portrait of Miss Nina Osborne, now appearing with Williamson and MuBgiove's Opera Company at the Tivoli Theatre; a view of South Perth from Mt Eliza ; a toboggan race, Montreal; and a fine series of Canadian and British Colum- bian scenes forwarded by the PIONEER'S London representative. The two full- page cartoons will be found in their usual places. At the Goldfields Dog and Poultry Society meeting last night the prize list was settled, a judge in all classes (Mr M. J. Sraythe) selected, and an announcement made that the entry forms and schedules would be available to exhibitors in a few days. The hon the Commissioner of Crown Lands was thanked for the interest he is taking in the affairs of the society, and certain poultry classes were recommended to him as deserving of special prizes. The terms of the Perth society for the loan of coops were accepted, and Messrs Corlett, Vickermann, and H. B. M'Cormick were elected on the committee. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr Charles Sommers, of the Victoria Hotel, for his liberal donation of £5 5s, and Messrs Graham Price, Chambers, A. P. M'Cormick, Wickham, and Bounsevell expressed their intention of giving special prizes. Arrangements for the homing match were said to be in an advanced state, and the meeting after transacting a good two hours' business broke up fully satisfied with the prospects of the forthcoming show. We have received from Mr H. H. Paynter the well-known bookseller and stationer, of Bayley-street, one of the first numbers of a new English monthly, entitled ' The Worldwide Magazine,' issued by George Newnes, Limited, London. The 'World Wide' is essentially a descriptive magazine—its stories are descriptive,itB articles are descriptive, and its illustrations very much ditto. The reader has painted for- him, with more or less faithfulness, tit-bits of Bcenery trom one end of the world to the other. Thrilling scenes in various latitudes are also pictured for him, and he is invited to inspect carious odds and ends from the most unexpected places. The magazine is an admirable one from li'erary, entertaining, or instructive points of view, and it is bound to ' catch on.' ' Pearson's' (from the same source) for June is well up to the high standard of that creditable little magazine. The ' Captain Kettle' and ' Real Ghost Stories' series are continued, and prove to be as thrilling as ever. Stories are contributed by Baroness E. Orczy, Anniq Lennoys, James WorKtnan, and E. W, Jennings. Among the more interesting articles are 'Famous Follies,' 'The Land of Mermaids,' ' Black Diamonds,' and ' How Soldiers Fight.'.; The death at Adelaide of John Isaacs, (Gomez, a negro) the tiger trainer of Messrs Harmston and Love's Circus, was, according to the evidence of those who were in the best position to say at the inquest, due to his own want of precaution. Isaacs refused to have the fire placed on the gate which the tiger jumps, and was remiss in MB own behaviour in the cage. An attendant noticed the ' Duke' preparing to spring at his trainer, and called out a warning, but Isaacs was not even carrying his loaded whips, and he suffered. It seems that his carelessness had often been the cause of disputes be». tween himself and the attendants who were there to protect him. One of them stated at the inquest that the deceased was a 'great fellow for the girls, and that if there was a lady near he would be looking at her. Strieff, the previous traicer, admitted that 1 the same failing had cost him a broken jaw. The tiger would have torn him to pieces on that occasion had it not been for the efforts of the deceased, who rescued him from danger. Dr Morris, assistant resident sur? geon at the Adelaide .Hospital, stated that iBaacs sustained five punctured wounds on the neck, one of which waB 2in deep. One of them penetrated to the spine, and practU cally broke the trainer's neck. In"the hospital the patient seemed to be much afraid of the tiger, and expressed a desire to eater the cage and thrash him. 