The Light that Cast no Shadow, i .Oubious stories are told about the power 'possessed by certain natives of India, who . live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores ,,of years to the study, o! nutural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor ^ ' visited the ' adepts ' as these ;queer Hindus '''.are called, for the purpose ol finding. out the secret, of their remarkable perform ances. They treated, him rather ecurvily, ' but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some .ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with hiui to the cave wherein the '? books were kept. Tbe place was as dark ?' ?/ as the bottom of a w;ell. ' I . can't see to rbad here,' said the visitor. 'Then we will have some light' was the repif» and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He ' oould not tell whence it came, but be noticed that it had one strange quality-— it ~ ' cctst, not the slightest shadow. . This is a story bard to believe, yet its y truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and. high character, and you who now read it hay, e no reason for doubt except tbat all ; ' the lights you have seen have cast shadows. ' .'Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with .one's own experience. Dr. Johnson / sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet oredited the tale of. the Cock Lane ghost A man who has been ill for years and .'?failed; to find a cure, is soeptioal when friends tell, him of a medicine which they . believe will make him well.' What else but. j'. doubt could result irom his experience? '' Tafee' an example:-— 'In the spring oi . 1888,' writes otir correspondent, 'I fflj 1 into. a . low, weak, and lauguid state. I Mr low spiritad aud out of sorts. A.t first mj /etpmach was deranged, and-; after eating I ^ ' bad apain and weight at the chest. I -was ' ,r, much troubled with wind, and frfquentiy. epafc up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Lat«r on I 'suffered from nervousness aud great 'depression of spirits. I kept up wr-h m- . work, but had always a sense ot disc;ui!Oit. Oiff and on I continued in this way for two Jyears, nothing that I took relieving ... me. , At last I' heard of Mother Seigel's syrup, Ti and procured a Bupply. Af er I had taken ' .'.only a few. doses I found relief'; my food .digested, and gradually all rer- ousness left ' me. Although I had no, re**on at first to : r; feel any confidence in this medicine,, never ? ; having used it. or. seen it used, I now gladly ! admit its value4 and its power over disease. . Since. my recovery, for which I ihn-k . Mother Seigel's Cuiative Syrup, I have be- n .in the. best of health aud opirits. In 'th* :';-ihtefe«taof sufierins numaiuty I deem it a ''duty to send you this te timony. (Sign«d) ' Mi.i J M ? I ? *r» 1P1 T'l .. i .%L). OrrittltDs, rauorana ou*acrer, a ox, xxucajy '''Hill, Birmingham, June 3tb 1893/' ^Tbere is a deal of difference between Mt. ^'Griffith's candid letter and the ;8fc-rv about c the light t but east no ch 'dow. The latter ^;may : bo true tuough, but it cannot be 'Verified without. mo*# tr-ubt* than it i* 'worth. On the otb*r band we : have a l, fctVfcwui thy witness, who will answer letter? ? of inquiry, and oan be found at his address : ' Fin -lly, there is nothing mystic or magi oil about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. ; It acts on the theory that most ailments are '? but symptoms, forms, -or phases of that uni versal diseaser— indigestion and dyspepsia; , It cures that, and throws the light of health ' and happiness over hearths and homes wber^ ' illness, and piin had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its sucoess by eager 1 witnesses. . £jp» Tbe latest thing ia Dress Goods; Silk Zephyrs, Crepes, &c.;, just opened at -Bows's. v Why suffer with pain, when you can get instant relief, aud be permanently Cured in a short time. There is no pain that Pain Ext^ruiiuucor will not cure in from! one ? to 20 minutes. Pain Exterminator; cures headache, toothache, neuralgia, rheumatism, earache, sprains, bruise*, burns, and scalds. Taken internally, cures -diarrhcea, dysentery, colic, cramps, , and 'ail -internal aches and pains. No one need suffer with pain. Piice 1/6.— Matthew*. Brosi, Bwilway Stores. ?s ? The choicest patterns in prints, eateens, white and fmacy muslins. ' pin spot muslins, and all suitaole eummer cotton goods (at ridiaulously low prices) are now being ehowu i'fc the Bailway Stores, and «re tsrelt worth inspection, \- If you want good values in grocerieos BUga*®, teas, jaw s, &c.; if you want good value in ironmongery, enamel ware, or orookery : m fabt, if you want the best value for your oSooey in everything, j ust go to Matthews Bro8-, Eailw«y stores, Pari; er- st., Cootamundra, and you will ggt- it. . ? We have just opened a shipraenfc of lovely new flowers, sunshades, und^i olothing, hosiery, corsets, ribbons, ladieB' hats, and everything in millinery to please the ladies —Matthews Bros, Kf* Gents' meroery is one of pjir specialities. We keep the nicest and newest lioei in collars, hats, ties, zephyrs, and tennis shirts. A special line of gent's soft finish pink and blue shirts at 4/0 (worth 45/6) at Matthews Bros. For the newest thing in Trimmed Hata; Bonnets, &c.;, see Burn's new millinery department, ' The Colonial Seoretary states th&t; frhere are praotically 1,000,000 rounds of rifle ammunition in the colony available at once, $bere are 5,( 00 Tifles in the poos-snc/n o-s the1 defence force of this oolopy and the s amcaunitisa available is oaly about 200 p.^»n'de i - 