A True Ghost Story. . A young man returning to his homo in a small town in Leicestershire early in the 17th century, after his course of preparation for tho ministry, found Im friendB and townsmen in a great state of exoitement ovor what was considered to bo a haunted houso. Tho house in question was a solitary ono on tho outskirts of tbo town, and had now for sovoral years stood empty, tho owner finding it impossible to rent or sell it, or oven to persuade a cure- taker to live in it, ront free, Strango sounds were board from tlue honso at dead of night, and lights were seen flashing from the windows, f.hnnnli ft- itma »«,«n ],„ ? to bo uninhabited. Weird shapes wore seon by the terrified watchers passing to and fro within tho houBc, and it was oven rumoured that tho devil himself in proper conventional array of scarlot, with hoofs, horns, and tail, had boon seen. - ; TIhb young' clergyman, boing of a bold naturo, volunteered to sleep in tho house and endeavour to ascortaintho truth of tho stories.. In spite of the entreaties of hiB friends, ho ralado his preparations, and on tho, appointed nignuwenc to tho house and to bed in a second-story room — his pistols on a table by his side. Tho early part of the night passed 'quietly, and he slept soundly, to bo awakened by tho certainty of some one being in tho room with him, though all wns dark. Sitting up, ho struck a light, and thero saw, growliag at ?him in tho dim light, tho alarming figuro of tho Dovil standing motionless o,t the foot of tho bod. Without an instant's hesitation, our hero, seizing his pistol, sprang from tho bed, and throw himself at the intrudor.. Tho ' Dovil,' howovor, turnod and flod, the young clergy, man after him. Down tho stci'rs thoy clat tered in a wild chaso in tho dark, through tho house, door aftor door banging behind them, until thoy roached1 the collar stairs. Down wont the ' Dovil,' and his pursuer camo tumbling aftor, roachiug tho ground just in time to seo a square of light in the floor, through which tho ' Devil' was disappear ing. With a bound ho grasped tho edge of tho trap-door boforo it could bo fastened, and dropped, into a subterranean passago, which oponed out into a largo, brightly lighted I'oom. Horo ho percoivod a number of mon, busily engaged in what ho soon1 saw to be the making of coantorfoit money, and, to his horror ? and amazomont, 1iq recognisod among thom some of his frionds and fellow townsmen, woll-known citizofis, prominent in ohuroh and business. They all clustorod about tho breathless 'Devil,' and a. hurried consultation was hold, evidently as to what should bo dono with their unwelcome visitor, and discovoror of their nefarions work. As soon as ? tho latter had rocovorodV:his ►breath and colloctod his thoughts, ho ad vanced and said, coolly : ' Gontlomon, it Jb publicly known throughout the town that I slept in this honso to-night, aud tho purpose for which I camo horo. If I do not appear ,iti tho morning this houdo will bo razed to tho ground, and your secret will inevitably bo discovered. I havo a proposition to mako to you. - If -you will solemnly promise mo to ceaso1 this wicked work for J.0 years from this night, I will, on my side, solemnly proraiso . you not to ?' montion for 10 years what I havo learned 'to-night.' After ^ somo furthor consultation tho 'mou agrood to his plan, and our friond roturnod to his. room and bod,, whoro ho passod tho^roBt of tho night in peace. Ho oaino out tho noxt morning, reporting that ho was content thoro, was nothing uncanny about tho h6uso, and that he had found everything in it much., to his taste. No further disturbances wore roportod aftor that, and the houso wnfl soon ront'od without any difficulty, nothing moro over boing hoard of tho ghost stories. Timo passod ; tho young man who had f rood tho' town of suoh undesirable inhabitants joined tho Puritans, wont to Holland, and sailed from thoro to Now England, whoro ho b oca mo tho first minister of ' Cainbridgo, Massachusetts, and ouo of tho. founders .of1 Hartford, Connootiout, . aud his . name' — that of Thomas Hooker — is. ono of the notod ones iu American historyi Whon nearly 11 yoars had passod sinco tho opisode of tho hauntod houso, Mr. Iiookor, in a mystori-' ous mannor, rocoivod a paokago from ovor soa whioh contained a maguifioont silvor tankard, with tho inscription, -li Compliments' of tho Dovil.' This tankard has boon handod down from fathor to son for .many genera tions of Mr. Hookor's doscondants, aud is now hold by a lady in tho Stato of Now York, who is kooping it until hor son, a* diroct doscon dnut of Thomas Hookor, is of ago to claim it. 