COMPLETE STORY [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ABSANOSSTEKT.] The Ghost at Homber Seven WALTER JERROLD. [coi'YBioirr.] HEN first married ray wife and I went to lite in the newly - boomed xuburb of Bixton. The neighbourhood ■was then chiefly i remarkable for viila residences; in course of crec- i tion, and its j population con-J tasted mainly of caretakers and workmen. At the time we went there, however, many of the houses were being finished off and let somewhat rapidly, much to the delight of the numerous property agents, half a dozen of whom had their bills and boards up at every house. Our desirable villa rejoiced in the name of llontpelier, and our road—Bixton is nothing if not alliterative—that of Montmorency. "Mr. and Mrs. John Trindle, Montpclier, 1 ! Montmorency Gardens, Bixton '*—thus ran ' the legend npon the silver-rimmed cards which announced to an attentive world that we were married. Bixton, as the crow flies, is not above five or it may be six miles from Kensington, aud considering this proximity it had been hoped that the new neighbourhood might in some way make the name of the old Court suburb part of its own. Had it done so my wife's happiness would have been complete. It grieved her that we were not ablc to settle in Kensington, she had so fixed her heart upon it. All T could do, however—and I certainly could do no less—was to promise that when promotion came we would move to Kensing ton : and I hinted that promotion in the firm of Ledger, Cash, and Co. was us certain to come as the date on which a hill fulls due. It is many years since we dreamed th&t; j dream, and to-day we are still three miles | away from the neighbourhood of the eminently respectable. However, X started to tell you of the ghost at No. 7. Let us, therefore, hark back to the Montmorency Gardens, Bixtoii. There were but five houses finished in the terrace, Nos. 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. For a long: while we hesitated whether we should take ■ No. 1 or No. 7; The former was unquestion ably the better house, but the latter was called Montpelier! The house agent soon settled the matter by transposing the names of the two villas, so that No. 1 became Mont pelicr, and we became its occupants. Shortly after we had moved in—the honey-, moon was rapidly waning although, be it said, our sky was still clear as during its first quarter—as* I reached home one evening, my wife met me in a 6tate of frantic excitement. f4Ob, John, such news!" "Well, dear, what U it?** "Just think—but you're such an old stupid, you'il never guess." "Well?" "The people have moved into Ko. 7 already." "Hare they? Who are they? What are they like? Where have they come from? Have they any children ? Do • they keep a parrot? Have they " 44 John, dear, don't tease. As if 1 could know all abont them in five minutes. Do you think we ought to call upon them as—as " The oldest inhabitants ?" I suggested. My wife had affected to know nothing of the newcomers, yet she bad already ascer tained that their name was Kalcy ; that the family consisted of Mr. and Mrs. K., their two young children, and a servant girl; that Mr. Kaley was "something in the city "— whether the latter information was meant to imply that he was "nothing" at home I; didn't cam to inquire. On reaching home on the next evening, I found my wife full of the new neighbours— poor little woman, she had naturally- found Bixtoa a bit lonely at first—and she no sooner saw me seated comfortably over my dinner than she began telling all she knew. Mrs. Kaley and the children had been asked: in to have a cup of tea during the afternoon, as the things at No. 7 were of course not yet straight. The children, I learned, were "dear, jolly, little things,'* and their mother a nervous woman, who declared that if. our bouse had not been occupied, she would never have dared to cornc and live in a new road. Indeed, she was already a bit nervous about her new home, for Sarah, the servant girl, had declared that she, while engaged in straightening things in the kitchen the night before, had "heard noises." "No donbt she did," I suggested. " The noises of putting up bed',, moving boxes and furniture about, as the art of removal on the silent system has yet to be perfected." No, I was promptly informed, it was not any noise of that kind. Mrs. Kalcy (who bad not heard it herself) had said it was like somebody moving about in the wall. While, we were thus talking, we were startled at hearing on agitated - knocking at the front door. "It is not time for the last post.*' whispered Mary, following close behind me as I went to the door. As I opened it tho girl from No. 7, ha(Ics«, well nigh breathless, and white as a sheet, almost jumped into my arms as she said: " "Ob, sir, do come to ray missis; she's gone right off in a dead faint, for there's gliostcs in the house. Oh, it's, awful; what shall I do ?" and'she flung her apron over her head aud burst into tears. At first I felt a bit exasperated, and then perhaps a wee bit nervous. "It's only some fool's practical joking, I expect," I raid to my wife. " You rome with me and see to Mrs. Kaley. I'll soon nuke the ghost vamoose." 44 Oh, tnuin, don't'go with 'im and leave me, for I'm that afraid of ghostcs," said the; terrified girl. - • "Don't.be ridiculous. Come along with us at once aud attend to your mistress," I said, trying to summon a little dignity to my aid. j It was re-ally too ridiculous. I argued to myself as we went along; u ghost in n hou>e that had not been six weeks out of the hands of the jerry-builders. • Yet that something strange must be tlie matter was certain, or the servant could not be so frightened. • I felt, it must be confessed,, a bit nervous, liong-since-henrd-of ghosts, banshees, fetches, goblins, hobgoblins, and other creation*.of man's distorted imagination flashed acros3my mind during the minute or so which elapsed before we reached No.. 7. ' Something had, it was evident, upset the entire household, for in the front sitting-room we found Mrs. Kaley, not, indeed, as Surah had said, m a dead faint, but in a state of helpless, nervous limpness; aud the two little children, alarmed out of their sleep, bad been brought down in their nightdresses. My wife and I at once tried to reassure Mrs. Kalev, and to get from her some idea of what hud happened. After a deal of coaxing the agitated little woman told us that they had 44 heard noises." As she spoke she looked fearfully around, as though the bare mention of them would make them recom mence. Sarah had rushed upstairs to fetch the children. "While she was gone, Mrs. Kaley had fainted on hearing "the noises " yet more loudly repeated. . Surah had then rushed off for us, and the.resb we knew. 44 Probably it was some tramp getting a rest for the night in the empty house next door," I suggested. • 44 Oh," shrieked Sarah, hearing ray words as she entered the room, 4/wo shall all be murdered in our beds. It's worse than ghostcs." * The language which I addressed to that girl was more forcible than polite. I will not repeat it here. After a short while things began to quiet down; no ghostly noises were heard, so my wife and Sarah took the poor, sleepy little children up to bed again. They had not been gone many minutes when, as Mrs. Kaley was attempting to describe the strange manifesta tions, a smart rap-rap took place immediately beneath where I stood. My native hoc of resolution was, I felt, sicklied o'er with the pale cast of fear. I was conscious of a prickly sensation all over me, my knees (I really could not help it) involuntarily knocked against one another. Mrs. Kaley gave a scream—44 There !" It's n-n-nuthing," I raid, mv voice and mer giving the lie to my words. " Per haps, after all, it was in the next house." Even as I suggested this, apparently from near the other side of the room came a louder and sharper rap, followed by two others in quick succession. t*Oh-h»h!" shrieked Mrs. Kaley, clutch ing frantically hold of me; and even as she did so, in came my wife, who had not even time to look at oar compromising situation before rap-rap was debberately delivered right under her feet. - " John t" she screamed, and threw herself upon poor, embarrassed roe. Thus for some time wc stood; I, all of a tremble, supporting my double trembling load, Sarah, transfixed with terror, standing outside the doer, afraid to enter the room, for the latest raps had been given just beneath the threshold. At last a fainter rap was heard, and a long silenco followed. I badgered my poor startled wits—laugh at j me if you -will; 'but brave as a man may be in facing a known danger, facing the unseen is ! quite a different thing—yet . I could not imagine any natural solution of the problem, and I by no means wished to be convinced of the truth of the supernatural. Some time having elapsed without the ghost repeating its manifestations, I began to feel a bit reassured. X slid Mrs. Kalcy, limp as a piece of rag, into an armchair, where she sat moaniug and saying. " If Harry were here, he'd find out'what it is," which I thought, all things considered, was somewhat of an unkind cut at me. Mary asked after a while if 1 thought that we should hear it again. How should I know? But the wish being father to the thought, I said I didn't think we should. Some considerable time having passed with out anything being heard, my wife suggested to Sarah that she had better get ber mistress a cup of tea. Nothing would induce the frightened girl to go alone to the kitchen, so my wife went to assist her, Mrs. Haley being absolutely helpless. They had not been away many minutes when a loud,' double-barrelled scream made my hair stand on end, and higgledy-piggledy into the room they rushed again. " Oh, John, it's in the kitchen 1 Don't— don't go." Having calmed down a bit, mj wife added, " I had just put the water on the tea, and Sarah was reaching some cups from the dresser, when it appeared right under tho table. It's a mercy I didn't drop the kettle." " Well, if the tea is made I'll go and bring it .in.'? _ I.felt that I must assume the virtue of courage, although I had it not. "If you go, John, I shall go too," said Maty, with the determination of a month-old wito. "Come along then; dear," and holding lmnds, wc crept quietly along the passage to the kitchen, like a couple of ebildrcu about to par a surreptitious visit to the preserve cup board. "We had placed some cups and saucers on the tray, and I,was just lifting it up when there was a sharp rap-rap, nearer and louder than any wc had before heard. The ghost "Hamlet" suddenly occurred to my bowildcred mind, aud I stuttered out to an accompaniment of shaking teacups, " J3o thou a spirit of health or goblin damned ?" This last manifestation, so very close to us, had.really alarmed both mo and mv wife. However, we got the tea tray successfully to the sitting-room, though we could not induce Mrs. Kaloy to touch tho tea wo had so heroically got for her; she seemed quite col lapsed, and only capable of moaning out her husband's name. A sudden scraping at the front door, fol lowed by a dog's wbintog, diverted our attention. . "Why, John, that must be Spot; wonder ing what has become of us, he has followed us here." , - I was delighted,, and at once went to the front door and let in my fox-terrier. Spot's j delight was exuberant; lie jumped about and J fawned upon each of us in turn, drawing our thoughts away for a moment from the fright of the evening. It was only, however, for aJ moment,.for the knocking beneath the floor j soon recommenced, us though the ghost ' indignant at the latest arrival. Spot instantly on the alert. He was by no means frightened* and sniffed all about the room, then followed a crack between two boards the length of the room, and began energetically 6craping at the skirting-board with his fore paws. Spot's activity was succeeded by a rapid "f"'" * " id dull thudding knocks, series of sharp raps and c here, there, and everywhere under tlTe room. The state of the women may be imagined, wife, neighbour, and servant all appealed to me for help; and I, though I would not have acknowledged it, was only less terrified than they were. Spot made for the door at length. I opened it for him, and out he darted, down the passage to the kitchen, and there he began frantically scraping at a cup board door. I had followed him, and at once opened the cupboard and saw a hole in the flooring. This Spot tried hard to squeeze him self through, and to help him I at length palled up the ill- fitting board ; he disap peared at once down the opening. Then there commenced a terrible scrimmage beneath the floor. The screaming of the women folk drew me to the sitting-room again, and indeed the noise going on under tho boards was enough to frighten the stoutest- hearted. It did not continue for long, however, and in a short time all was silent. I called Spot, but he did not come. I went towards the door, call ing "and whistling to him, and there he appeared, proudly wagging tho stump of a tail, which is all that fashion leaves him, and dragging along the ghost which had alarmed us nil. The following evening Mr. and Mrs. Haley, my wife, and I enjoyed an excellent rabbit pic. My wife made it, and &he; can cook. There are 600,000 people employed in Italy in rearing silkworms. 