literature. LOVE MADE MANIFEST. J!y -;[ V BOOTMUV. (Aiu-!i.,r i.i 'On the Waila.by.' -j|, Mr;uij,p C'liipanv.' 'Tiic M ;uj-i;- --? of i lather,' 'A J.o-t Kndcivor,' 'Hi.! ior I IVmuic,' 'Dr. Nikola,' ''riie Kv.u! iml While Devil,' 'Siii-ilah McLeod.' 'The Ki.iviiia:i';ii ui u'ie King. 'I [I'.ii.l.Mi-.I ],y 'ipiviii! in-ian^rm.-nl. wi-l. lliu uiiili.ii-. All rifflils U-...1-V.-.I. | INTRODUCTION'. U was the Island of l-polu, in the S.i JIU1...11 Group, mid a breathless morning, fhe sun was almost at its meridian, the | palms ih.U lined the IhmcIi w.-re as motion less as trees cut out of cardboard, and the lagoon dazzling as a dish of quicksilver I set in sand. The only signs of life were' me dimming sen upon [lie outer reef find : a white boy lying upon his stomach on the ' edge of a grove of wn I oranges and cocoa- 1 nut palms a hundred yards abuve high water mark, with his eyes glued to the I pages of a book. 'J here was not a human I habitation of any sort in the whole land- i scape, though a native village existed round | tne corner of one headland, and the Euro- I pean st'ttloment of Apia was in uhe. Hood tide of life and trade behind the other. That the youth was absorbed in his book! admitted of no doubt, for he lay us slill ! as a .sleeping turtle, oblivions to everything-1 around him, though all the time tlie sun ' was driving off the shade and climbing i higher and higher, and the surf was nimbi- j ing like thunder upon the reef on the other' side of the lagoon. ''Yet sumo men say in many parts of England,' he read, 'that King' Arthur is1 not dead, but is had by will of our Lov.l i .lesu in another place. And men nay that he shall come, again and he shall win the Holy Vr^ss. 1 will not say it .shall be so but rather I will say th'a't here in this I world he changed his life. But many men ! say' that there is written upon his 'tomb this verse: — Hie jai*i Arihunis Hex Quomlum Kux ijne rurturus. At this point he reverently closed his ropy of .Sir Thomas Mi] lory's immortal poem and looked about him. Jt was a curious old book, that by Rome strange chance boasted a Balliol label in/Aide its coverlid, and was coated and bedimed with the filth and dust of 15 chee quered years in the Pacific. In the wild orange bushes on his right two green and yellow 'iaos' were searching for linney, and at tlie same time chattering noisily; among the pink blossom of a group of fuafuas to the left, half a dozen Senea parrakeets, feathered in all colors of the rainbow, uttered their extraordinary cries, while through breaks in the foliage over head glimpses of the blue sky could be ob tained, showing a flock of white birds soaring up and up ip'to what seemed the very eye of heaven itself. It was one of those days when it would appear impos sible to work; and for this reason, per haps, very few, save natives, were abroad, and even they, accustomed 'to the warmth as they were, preferred to lie in the shade, exchanging reminiscences, and absorbing the heat, rather than run the risk of in juring their constitutions by any violent exertion. He was a strange boy, this ill-clad, ill kept Claude de Carnyon; perhaps as ex traordinary a specimen of the genus as could have been found in the whole length and breadth of the Pacific. What his right to his high-sounding patronymic may have been is more tlian I. can say. It is sufficient, however, for the purposes of this history, that -his father was a disso lute old beachcomber, who had arrived in the Samoan group early in the seventies. Among other things, he claimed to have once been an English University man ; but he was now a complete wreck, and lived with a Samoan wife in a native vil lage a mile or two outside Apia. What ever other faults he may have had, neglect of his son's education could certainly not 'have 'been included among thorn for a more accomplished youth of his age — he was barely fifteen — could not have been found on the island or, for the matter of that, in the whole Southern Hemisphere. Indeed, this teaching of his son was the' brilliant old ruffian's one remaining amuse ment; and the lad had proved himself eager to make the most of it. In mathe matics, it must be confessed, he was by no means reliable, but in Latin and Greek he could have easily held his own with raanv older men upon whose education thousands had been expended. The sonor ous ancient poets were as familiar to him as the quaint Samoan sages his dusky stepmother was wont to croon before the hut door at sundown, while his acquaint ance with the best English, German, Spanish, and Italian literature was, if a trifle fragmenbarv.at least years in advance of that acquired by many students of even twice Ins age at our most cherished univer ties. In his way, the old beachcomber was a genius; but, judging from the proofs he had so far given, fiis son l-ade fair to eclipse him. In physique the boy was tall and well made, Oils hands and his feet small and and neatly .Shaped. His head, from a phre nological, and indeed from any other point of view, was a magnificent one, and crowned witlh a wealth of curly hair that in the sunshine phone [like molten gold. His features were a trifle disappointing, perhaps, but on the other hand tliey bore unmistakable promise of improvement with age. For the present, they were re fined and in some respects (harmonious; bhe eyes were l'--e an'd dreamy, the fore head broad, and bhe mouth somewhat small and sensitive, 'but not sufficiently so to be out of keeping with the remainder of -tine face. The weakest part was un doubtedly the chin, which was scarcely square enough to indicate that amount of determination necessary for the formation of a really strong character. Taken alto gether, however, it was the head tmd face of a scholar, and one w'ho would live by his brains rather than by his hands. As he put his book away and dropped his chin on his folded arms, there was a stir in tne long grass in front of him. Next moment a beautiful little specimen of the Veha bird came stealthily iuto view search ing for insects. Seeing the boy and realising how close he was to danger, he dropped back into the grass and disappeared with out a rustle in the direction he had come. L\\-r a moment or two all was quiet; then the lad espied, making his way through the dry herbage, a gorgeous black and gold beetle. II is imagination, fired by the books he had been reading, pictured him as a knight m black and gold armor, making his way through y dense forest in search of adventure. Jne path was a difficult one and several times the course he steered led him beside eniormous chasms. In some cases they were of sufficient depth to swallow him half a dozen times over, and in not ,i few they measured at least oight inches from top to bottom. Leaving the ti«i-k proper he 'hi-aiicked off to the left, and at: this juncture. ;in episode occurred that heightened i. make-believe and brought, the boy's chin down to the dust, in order that lie might not lose a scrap of w. at was going forward. Qi\\.4-u£ side of t no knight'* path was a high rot-k; to climb it wa-i out of tlie question; on the other, was a yawning precipice, to £ill into] wbi--h would mean but one fate, death, j The path was scarcely wide enough for | one, for two it- was impossible. Vet, as I the knight pas.-ed. along H_. an enormous spider, of the tarantula breed, climbed down the eliit and blocked his p.-tssage. Evidently, thought Claude, this m-; the dragon of the I'.is.-. The knight con sidered for a iniiincnt. To go back would be lo own himself a coward, to go for ward would mean a desperate battle and possible, if not probable, destruction. The foes on meeting had come to a standstill, i and now regarded each other for upwards I oi a minute. Then the black knight, with out further thought. metaphorically couched his lance, stuck, in his spurs, dashed forward, and before a prosaic Nine teenth Century could have said ' /lack Robinson,' hail grappled with bis antapro- ! nist. The demon of the pass was not be- I hind him in desire, and for this reason ! they fought upon the narrow ledge with ! indomitable courage. The boy watched I the combat with all his being, scarcely' breathing when he saw the valiant knight j overhanging the precipice, and feeling 'as] if he must shout hi-; joy aloud -when the wicked orge was compelled to give back * ! pace against the mountain side. Jlo iu- still watching it when he heard a rustling ' in the bushes on the ba.nu a iovc him, and ' looking ;,],, s;nv the face of a young girl .smiling down at him. ' j 'Loie,' he cried in surprise. 'I didn't I hear you coming.' Then, as if by attend- | ing to her he niijrht lose some detail of I the battle going on before him, he said, ! 'Come down heie and look at this tight, i It's worth seeing, ] can tell you.' The girl parted the bushes' ;ui(l did as she was told. (She was a pretty little cre.'i- ' lure, in white attire, with a wealth of! silken hair hanging down her back and a i broad-brimmed straw hat scucjc coiiuet- ! tishly on the back of her head. '1( wonder what mischief you are up to now?' she said, as she threw herself down on the sand beside the boy and brought her face to a corresponding level. 'K'o mischief,' he answered quickly. ''But look here. Do you see that knight in there? He's a brave fellow, 1 can tell von. I call him Sir Lancelot, because of his black and gold armor. When first I saw him he was riding his brave destrier through that forest in search of adventure, but had so far met with none. When, how ever, he reached this pass the Ogre of the Mountain d'ashed from his hiding- place and blocked his way. He would not yield, of course, and now they are fighting for the path. Side by side, head pressed against head, the boy and girl watched the combat. It was not, however, long before i't. was de cided. The wicked ogre, employing some magic spell for which the other had no charm, wrapped his arms about the valiant knight, and putting forth an effort hurled him fitom the path in'to the abyss. 'Farewell, Sir Lancelot,' cried the boy, in perfect seriousness, as the beetle dis appeared into the depths. 'You fought a good fight, but the spells of Merlin have proved f»o strong for you.' Rolling over on to his back he lay there for a moment staring up at the motion less palm fronds olbove Ms mead. His companion did the same, and then they salt up and looked at each other and laughed. The girl's laugh iwas something to ihear and remember; it vaa as unlike the ordinary expression of 'happiness or amusement, as tihe boy's character wafcdis similar to.tihose of the youthd.in the town ship round the corner. It seemed to con tain the whole essence of -raillery — with ttie Smallest modicum of mirth, and yet while one felt 'bound to participate in- it ?Where was the feeling 'that it was not alfco ge'tiher a. sincere expression of its author's fadings. She was, as I bare said, a beautiful dhild; she -boasted a fine oval face, large expressive eyes, a tiny rosebud mouth, small teeth » even and white as pearls, and last, but not least, a- complexion so per: feet that it seemed impossible 'that it could .have been subjected 'to die attacks, of .fourteen consecutive Pacific rammers. She was the daughter and only child of a whisky-drinking coffee planter, of Irish ex traction and good family, who lived on fche other side of Apia, and she had been the boy's constant companion ever since he could remember. To-day he discovered thait she was 'better dressed :i_an he had ever seen lier before. She wore, as I 'have said, a white dress, a large lhat trimmed with lace, shoes, -which were quite unusual additions to her attire, and stockings of superfine texture and newness. He could not understand it; she saw his bewilder ment, and as she did she threw back 'her Ulead and laughed again. Tnat laugh de cided him. 'You were always vain, Loie,' he said with the agreeable candor of youth, 'and now that you've managed by some means or other to get some fine clafches you've come to show them off and try to make me jealous. But you can't: I'll have auite as good some day if not better; for all my jacket's so threadbare now.' He scrutinised his ragged top garment with an exacting eye, tried to remove a portion of its dirt 'by brushing it with his fingers, and finally, seeing that it was quite impossible to better it, threw himself down again on the sand and took stock of his companion. She laughed a little defiantly at his outburst oi passion, checked herself as suddenly, and, changing her tone, said with a petulance that sat very prettily upon her— 'If I'd thought that you wanted to quar rel with me on the day that I'm going away Claude, 1 Shouldn't have come. You may never see me again, you know.' Tiiis overture did not produce the effect she intended. He only said scornfully — 'You're always talking about going away but you never go.' 'Well, we're going this time, sure as gospel,' she said. 'My uncle in Ireland, the oue.. you know, who drank O'Hara's whisky and fought the ghost, is dead; and now my fathers rich, and, what's more, I'm a lady— Lady Loie Fanchester— and he's the Earl of Kilgovan. 1 shall go to Court and kiss the Queen's hand, and wear the most beautiful dresses in all the world, and never have a thing at all to do but ride in carriages an denjoy myself from morning till night. There, what do you think of that?'' For a moment the boy was too dazed by the brilliant prospect conjured up by her words to reply. He only wriggled his shapely brown toes into tlie sand and stared at her. '1 don't believe a word of it, ' he said at last, but this time with a visible effort. 'You imagine such a lot; and you always were such a little liar, Loie.' She laughed and clapped her hands, not in the least angered by his candid criti cism. 'It a not a lie this time.' she cried, her eyes spaikling with miiehcvious mirth. 'It's what dad calls (iod's sober truth. The mail came in this morning and brought a letter for him. 'When he had read it be had to h,n-e three drinks be fore In; could understand it. Then he s?nt nie olt to the store and told me I could buy whatever 1 liked; so 1 bought this dross, and we're going home to Kngland this very afternoon. Though they wanted 1'ic to stay and pack mv thingi I ran awav to tell you.'' Hy this time he h.id arrived at the cou c.usion (hat there was something in whai she said. The tangible evidence offered by her gorgeous appar*;, combined with )wv last speech, helped him to a decision. J5ui clever as he undoubtedly was, he was not capable of grasping in an instant all tli.it her going away would mean to him. Loie had been his friend and play-felluw. fhe sharer of his ambitions and' dreams for as long as he could remember, and now to be told that she was going to leave him m order lhat she might take her place in a sphere to which it would seem impossible he could ever attain, struck him as not only a great injustice but in the light of a positive personal injury. . 'l)ad ways J shall be the prettiest girl in Lng,.ind a-- well as one of the riehesL ?' said Loie, brushing her hair b.ick from her taoe with a gesuire more expressive 'than any word*. 'You're cancviled enough now; you'll be wor-e men,'' asserted the other, b'rutallv 'Jt you re going to be rude 1 shall 'go away at once, without saying good-bye at all. No, no. This h our iast'dav, so don'L lie i-ro.vf, Claude. ' ' j '?rin not cross,' the boy replied. 'But 1 don t like your fjoing away like this, Loie. Why need you go? 1'ni sure we're quite happy enough as we are. I've got heaps of new stories ready to tell you. and 111 write poetry about you as often as you want me fro. \ou know vou like that You'll not find a bathing place anywhere to equal Rippling Falls, and it's so cold -and shivery m Kngland— not warm and comfortable like this.' He traced a half- circle in the s.-.nd with the toes ot his right foot, and sniffed the smell of the dried earth and withered palm loaves as if it were the finest perfume. 'You don't suppose I'm never coming back bore, do your' asked the girl in dignantly. 'Why, when I'm tired of Eng land J sh'iiJI travel about. Besides i must go, you see, because my father's a peer and h'as to sit in the House of Lords in his robes, with his coronet on his head, like the picture we have in the dining-room at home. I'm going to be a maid of honor and stand on the Queen's right hand.' 'I. wouldn't give ft Hg for that,' an swered Claude. ''I'm going to be a great author and painter some day, and every body talking about me and buying niy books and pictures. That's a good deal better than being a peer, or a maid of honor, I think.' 'Then we will be married in Westmin ster Abbey like the princesses,' said tlie girl, 'and be (happy ever after. Remember, Claude, youv'e promised to marry me.' 'I've not forgotten,' answered the boy, sturdily. . When I'm a great author I'll be sure to come and claim you. And, Loie,' here his voice faltered a little as Iig realised for the first time how uear the parting was— 'mind you never forget me.' 'I will remember, she ?whispered and as die spoke the rich 'blood mantled her cheek and made 'her lovelier even than before. 'Now I must be going home. They'll think I'm lost. 'I shall come down to 'tilie ship and say good-bye,' said Claude. 'Mind you do, and I'll foe on tlie look out for you,' she cried, «jnd sprang to her feet like a young fawn. Then, with another 'good-bye,' -she parted the bushes and went iip the thill-side singing in a voice that was as sweet and true a& any blackbird's,- -the chorus- of a drinking song she toad picked up from her fu4Aier — ? Gramadirce ma cruislcoen Slaintc glad muvourncen, Gramaoliree ma coolin uawn, bawn, Imvn, Oil, Gramadirce ma cooliu. bawrn. After she had gone the boy sat for some time completely absorbed in thought. His world seemed suddenly to have fallen about his ears. Enthusiastically as he had spoken to her of their island home, he was not so bound up in it as to be without seme, ambition to make the acquaintance . of the great world, and now that j^oie was leaving it its beauties seemed to crumble before his eyes, and it became drearier than any desert. Over and over again, kind;hearted captains of trading vessels had offered him trips among the islands, and once he had been tempted to venture as far as San Francisco. But on each oc casion, though he had pleaded hard, his father, who, in addition to being as poor as. a church mouse, and disreputable as an average travelling tinker, was as proud as Lucifer, had forbidden him to take advan tage of such kindness. Perhaps because he had never known a better, the home in the native hut was not as distasteful as it would otherwise have been . Nevertheless, in his own way, he had derived a notion that his father was looked down upon, that in spite of ins brijliant education and boasted breed ing, he was not on a par with the Consuls, the captains of the trading schooners, or the principal storekeepers. He was not by any manner of means an affectionate son, nor had he the least reverence for the gin-drinking, debased old ruffian who called himself his father, and who lay from morning to night on his mat at the door of the hut spoutiug Latin and Greek and trying to induce anyone who would listen to him to believe that once upon a time he really had been what he pre tended, an Oxford don. If Loie. was going away, why should he not go too. His father would scarcely miss him. He would probably swear very fluently for some minutes, aud, when that was safely through, would beat his Samoan wife, quote some fines from an obscene Latin poet, more or les to thepoint, and then order more gin, and forget altogether his rebellious off spring. The very thought of such an adventurous undertaking was almost too much for him. JJut it he did ran away the principal ques tion to be decided was where to go. Then he remembered that old Captain JBowler, whose schooner, The Morning Glory, plied between Samoa and .Sydney, was in 'harbor and was due to sail that very da\\\ If he had not already pone, and he could only persuade han to take him with him in any capacity, it did not mater what, then his flight would be arranged for him, anil he would have started on the ambitious career he had marked out for himself. Once in Australia he could either remain in one of j (lie big cities, or work his way to England, ] as ne pleased. He resolved to see Captain Bowler without delay. As he rose to his feet a young Samoan ol good birth, hailing from his own village, passed along the beaeii and accosted him. ?Talofa!' cried rue new-comer, haltii;' alongside the grove. '?'Jalofa alii!' returned the buy, po Ilitely. Then gathering from the expression on the other's face that something implca :sant was toward, he questioned Ipiii A» a | result he learned rhat his father had brvn ! searching for him in all direction* in order that he might, send him jnt-j the township for gin; and not. being able to discover him ! he was promising him the finest thrahin he could imagine when he should o.uie to ;hand. This seemed a good wav out ol' the ?diflieiiUy, and .so, OiuVing hi- frjend 'fare- well, he .set off towards Apia nn ]r* , father's errand. Hy (he time he reached the grog shanty from which he v.a;- accustomed : to obtain the spirit it was well past mid day, and at four o'clock the mail bnat. | with Loie on board would sail. | The bar was crowded, but it \va.- n.ji : long before be discovered the man h- w.;-; ; j looking for, seated in a corner with aliotiifi I of lager beer before him. lie was a big : ? burly fellow with a kindly lace, blue eves, land a beard that reached almost to 'his j belt. He greeteu ine boy with a friendly i , nod., and, e'lepnantiue fac-etiousness being the order of tlie day, cmniired how his : 1 new book was .selling, and when he iuteu- j ? ded to sail with Lim. I I 'To-day, if you will take me,' replied | the youngster quickly. 'I'll Ko aboard (Ins afternoon. ] | The skipper laughed good-hunioml'lv. ll j was a joke that lost nothing bj a 'pro-, tence of seriousness. ' j I ''J Mat's the sort of talk,' lie said. I , '-Mind you get your traps aboard to-night, ! 1 ior we sail .it daybreak.' t '1 won't forget,' said the boy, and, J.av | ing achieved bis purpose, he bade his , friend '(iood-bye ' and with flushed j cheeks and sparkling eyes, and a bottle of I gin under each arm, left the hotel and ! made his way hmne to tlie village, where I his father resided. When he reached ii he found his parent i . strpichcd out on a mat before i.ie door, I attired in an old suit of pyanias. and in an ' i execrable temper. Jle cursed his son I fluently in tlueo languages for a few minutes, ?ind ?then turned his attention to t'he liquor. With the first sentence of an ode to Haechus ringing in his ears the boy went round to the back to obtain some food from his Samoan stepmother. While I eating it he sat on the trunk of a fallen tree and reviewed his position. The skip per of the The Morning Glory had laughingly offered him a chance to leave the island; he had taken him at his word and intended to stow himself away on board overnight. When they were safely out of sight of land he would make Jiis ap pearance and claim the hospitality which had been offered to him. He felt compelled to adopt this course, for lie knew very well if he were to go on hoard openly the skipper, in spite of bis invitation, would not think twice about putting him ashore aga^in. The mail boa't that was to convey Loie from Samoa was advertised to sail at 4 o'clock, and at half-past 3 Claude was on the beach endeavoring to persuade some natives of his acquaintance to row him out to her. If tihe morning had been hot Uie after noon was even more So. The surface of the lagoon gleamed like molten silver, and when he came alongside the vessel her plates were so hot tha't he could scarcely touch them. However, Tie clambered aiboard and found Loie, tvue to her pro mise, on the outlook for him, tricked out in all her finery. Her fither was in the smoking-room on the h.irricane deck, sur rounded by the prirjpal inhabitants of t'he beach, treating all present to cham pagne, and commenting enthusiastically on the change of fort'.ne which had come to him. Now that tli-., uctual moment of parting from his old play-follow had arrived an overwhehi.ing desire to express his real feelings took possjession of the boy. An unaccustomed nervousness, however, wap-~ upon him, and try tow he would to maka it his tongue wfould not utter the words that were in his Wart. And every- moment the time -peiinifted him 'was growing shorter. . Alrea'dy the passengers were say- ? ing 'their last 'good-byes,' the shore boats . were puslnng off from the ship's side, and the chief officer Iliad gone forward to the '' focsle head to see about getting the anchor aboard. In despair Claude turned to the girl beside him. 'Loie,' he whispered. 'You are sure you will not forget?' 'Forget what?' asked the girl wilh un- ' 'usual humility. 'That when I become a great author you are to marry me?' replied the boy. 'No ; I will not forget,' answered Loie; 'but, oh, Claude, don't be long. I can't wait long.' 'I won't be long,' the lad answered con fidently. 'I have made one step towards it.' 'What do you mean?' 'Why that'— here he bent his head down and whispered in her ear — ' that when you are gone 1 cannot live in Upolu. Loie, 1 am going to run away.' However serious the situation may have been she only clapped her little hands and laughed. 'Going to run away from Apia, Claude? Why, what !i funny boy you are, to be sure. Where will you go to? And what will your father say?' This was not the sort of reception he had hoped iiis news would receisre, and she saw that he was hurt by her ridicule. With quick womanly tact she turned to a side issue. ''If you are going to run away, you must ? come to England, and then we may be friends again. Oh, that will be nice.' 'Friends! Loie,'' he said with a gravity beyond his years. 'We are going to be more than that. I shall come home and make my name, and then we're going to be married and live happily for ever.' As he spoke he shivered, though he could not have told why. 'I feel told.' she said, almost a6 Che same moment : 'and vet its such a hot day.' At the fame instant the whistle sounded for shore folk to leave the ship. Claude leant forward and placed his arm round her waist, and for the first time in his li.fe his lips touched her check. 'Good bye, Loie,'' he whispered, ''darl iiift Loie, good-bye.' 'Good- bye,' she faltered, with drooping eyes. Then, as an after thought had struck her, she added, 'Remember, Claude, we're to be married, and you're never to .ove anyone else in (.he whole world. 'I will never love anyone but you, Loie,' he said, and clambering over the side, dropped into Vhe boat which his native friends hail keiit w.^ing far him. Halfau hour later the .steamer wa- a tiny speck on fhe horizon, and Loie ban gone out into i.ie great world into which he was so soon j to follow her. . 5S.' j A few hours later lie had collecW^Ss;'.' I greatest treasures and his jne.vgre^pird robe, and was on board Captain -Bowler's schooner. The Morning Glorv, stowed away in a safe hiding-place. His presence 'V- j on board was not discovered until the a i vessel had been nearly twelve hours at I soa. Then he made his appearance on | dock and claimed the hospitality the skip- i I per had so elTiisiv.-ly ollVred him the pre- J ' vinus day. A sun-my iiw minutes was the^jB I result, I 'lit as ji was quite impossible toll i put him ashore, and Captain Howler was ' ! forced l-o rcmnnihor ih,n h:- had been tile : first to pi oiler the invii.uiun, th-- best bad to be made ?-! a bad bargain, and the boy was . 'in. ri, injrly cirri, d nn to Sydney. On iii-rivirijf tlieie he left the vessel and found himself st.iiidiiiv; en Cir-ular Quay, with the hum ?-! i Ju- ci'.y in his ears and not a friend in the plan-, with the great .'?('.iii-gi.inn- boats ;iboii! h:m and only five shillings in his pocket, he bejian to realise ib,it his aci|..iainlaiu-e wiih the outer 'world had indeed commenced. (To be con! iiiiii'd.) 