PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Girl from the States: A TALE OF LOVE AND INTRIGUE, By GORDON STABLES, M.D., C.M., R.N., Author of "The Rose of Allandale," **. Shudowed for Life,*' " Stanley Grahame," " The Cruise of the 1 Snowbird,111 "The Log of a Gentleman Gipsy," "Oar Friend the Dog." "For Honey or For Lore," "Aileen Aroon," &c.t; &c.; COPYBIGHT. CHATTER m.—(Continued.) t Tirrs part of tliocon rsa tion old Farmer Double d j k e nodded to Mr. Clorty, the grocer, over bis tumbler, and Clorty nodded and smiled in re turn. ' * ' ' * Miss Letty is a double millionaire,' he took occasion to whisper, ' if she owns a penny.' ' Miss Letty,' said Hudson, late.one evening,'' is fond of quiet country life, that is, and a hit of shooting and fish ing; and that is why she is coming here. But nohody is going to be the worse for Miss Letty. We're tine republicans, we are; and all the money Miss Letty can spend won't go out of the village of Killycoddles so long's the tradespeople serve her right.' Mr. Clorty, the grocer—whose shop, by the way, was the biggest emporium in the place, and who was, or pretended to be, a kind of miniature lVhiteley— seemed inspired now. He must rise to give avtoast, and everybody cried ' Hear, hear, for Clorty!' The grocer held his glass aloft as he spoke. . 'He (Mr. Clortv) had never yet slapped eyes on Miss Letitia Johnson, but he would wager his last one-pound note that the lady was not only young and beautiful, but virtuous into the bargain. They had known Mr. Hudson now for a few months. He was a gentleman, and spent his money like a man and a brother, as all citizens of the greatest republic under the 6un were known to do. The Killyeoddlians would accord the young and lovely American lad}- a hearty welcome, just as they had from the first held out the right hand of fellowship to Mr. Hudson, whose name he now desired to couple with that of Miss Letitia Johnson, and he felt sure all would join him in a toast wishing her long life, health, and happiness.' The Killyeoddlians there assembled rose en masse, and it was some time before the excitement subsided. But after this the innkeeper—the said Sandy M'Flail—insisted on standing dock-nn durris (the stirrup-cup or drink at the door) to all bands. Well, so far as the distribution of trade was concerned, it must be con fessed that Mr. Hudson was most fair and generous. Though waggon-loads of furniture came from the far-off city of Aberdeen, nevertheless Killycoddles was called in to do repairs of every kind. Killycoddles put down "the carpets; Killycoddles rcpapei ed walls and painted the ceilings ; and Killycoddles did the carpentering ; and it goes without say ing that Killycoddles was engaged to do the gardening, for it is widely known that Scotsmen carry the bell in this profession throughout the world. Spring returned at last. Those who had private curling ponds in or around Killycoddles re-converted . them into tennis lawns, the banks around forming delightful seats on which old folks could sit on sunny days and witness the younger people playing. The woods and forests wore'orice more green; in many of these larch trees, tall and lovely, grew abundantly,' and their light feathery tassels contrasted prettily against the dark blooms of the Scottish" firs. More than ' once before winter had lost hold of the far off hills, the river had come down in broVn anil roaring spate, but now it rippled and sparkled in the sunshine, and its low monotonous notes made a kind of double bass to the songs of the wild birds and the whisper of westerly winds in the foliage. A favourite song at Killycoddles at this sweet season—and 1 do not blame them for lining it — is ' Gloomy AVintcr.' ; Gloomy winter's noo awu\ S-ift the WAStlin' breezes bluw, the birk's o' Stanley thaw The mans wnsrsfu* elleerr;, 0. Sweet the eraw-flowerVearly bell, Decks Glcnliffer's dewy dell : Blooming: like thybonnie sel* Mv nin, mr artless dearie, O." Miss Letitia arrived at the beginning of spring. ' It is not going a step too far to state that like Ctcsar of old, she came, she saw, she conquered. Took all hearts by storin one might say. Her beauty soon became the theme of all the yonng fellows within a dozen miles of Killycoddles, and her jewellery and dresses the admiration, not to say envy, of every young lady. How humble, not to say dowdy, did some of these latter look in the beautifully lighted drawing-room of Muckle Kin mundie, compared with the mistress and young queen of the old feudal castle. They seemed to feel it, too, and it made them tristc and sad, albeit Miss Letty sidled in and out amongst them, apparently unconscious even of the sensation she created. She was con descending to the younger, hut pleasant to all. She was a beautiful talker, though too polite even to break in upon a conversation, and very far from shy. If asked to sing or play, and she could do both, she never hesitated a moment.1 And yet there was a something about Letty that did not command the love of ladies who had themselves been stars of the first magnitude before ber urrivul. Tor sbe seemed to draw these out as it were, and frequently not to their advantage, especially if gentlemen, their quondam admirers, were present. The country lairds in and around Killycoddles had of course given their daughters all the education that the best of governesses could supply, aud some of these had been away aud were supposed to be possessed of vast erudi tion, knowledge of musicians and their music, authors and tlieir works, poets and their poetry, to say nothing of a knowledge of French and German. It was provoking, therefore, if Letty, as she sometimes did, rattled off a few sentences in Trench, and then said, '0, do correct me, Miss Gray; we Americans talk such awful French!' Miss Gray or Miss Green would blush a little and feel awkward and angry. For blushing had not yet gone out of fashion in Killycoddleian society. Of course, Miss Struthers'—this with Miss Letty's most artless smile— you know that pretty thing of Bach's " Tra-la-lalla-la-la." It would be quite the rage when you were a child, and.I dearly like to rummage among old books and unearth the tit-bits of long-for gotten melodies.' Men would look at.Miss Struthcrs, and then at Miss. Letty, and the former did not like it. , ; But over their .cigars, sometimes, men would talk. Now all men love beauty, but. men love youth as well, and while no one' could deny that ietty was magnificent, there were one or two rude enough or bold enough to doubt whether the Star, as they called her, were really so very young as she looked. ' Those"American girls make up so,' said one. ' Seen the gold in her teeth!' said another. ' Shows, anyhow,' said a third, ' that they are not false.' 1 Nonsense, Mac,' this from the first speaker; 'you haven't been so long in the States as I have.' 'JVell?' 1 Well, only this—a girl or woman who wears false teeth out there, often has a tiny bit of gold put in one, just where it can be seen, and if you were to compliment her on the beauty of her dental formation, she would not hesi tate to make some such remark as : "How you men folks flatter. But really, I fear my teeth are going. I've had to have two little holes stopped already. Ho you think it is the iced water?"' ' Yon may be right,' answered Mac, ' nevertheless, Letty is fearfully fasci nating, and if she has gold in her teeth, miiul you this, she has gold in her colters, too.' ' .1 wonder what she really did come to this heather land for ?' ventured the speaker. ' Disappointed in love, perhaps ?' ' Oh, man, Mac, such a thing us love is all hut unknown in the States. Love in the great republic is a mere fossil and seldom dug up. * No,-she wants to draw a lord, or a- baronet at least. You haven't the ghost of a chance, Mac, though you do come of an old Highland stock. Now our Sir Itobert Clay, who was playing' billiards with her last night, is seventy if a day. Ho is tottering ruin, so to speak, dresses like an antediluvian, his white hair is at least nine inches long, aud he—snuffs. But Letty seems to doat upon him. She told me, in confidence, mind you, that the dearly loved an old man.' Mac sighed. His companion laughed. ' Better go abroad a bit, Mac,' he continued, ' and I'll lay you five to one she gaffs the .old barouet before three mouths arc over, and returns to America as Lady Clay.' Mae said nothing. He simply luid| down his cigar aud fit his pipe. • About the best thing he could have | done. ' For all that, there was not a man | there who knew anything concerning the inmost depths, of Letitia Johnson's | heart, nor her intentions cither. ' Spring gradually mergedinto summer, and Letty was still the reigning belle and favourite. The story of her beauty, her accomplishments, and vast wealth was bruited abroad far and near and, strangely enough, Killycoddle bid fair to become a fashionable Douside health resort. Several handsome, hut impe cunious, bachelors hud taken apart ments iu the village or its vicinity, lured tlrithcr, they said, by ' the beauty of the scenery, the ozorric breath of the pine woods, and health-giving waters of a newly-discovered spring or well.' The words within inverted commits are those of the district doctor, who had just pub lished a guide to Killycoddles. Mr. -Hudson, I rather think, had | somctlriug to do with the publishing and distribution of that pamphlet. However, it gave Killycoddles a lift and | the doctor, too. Letitia was always called Miss Letty now. Her carriage, with its india rubber tires, wus one of the smartest things ever seen; its coachman and flunkey were both English, and it is said that the lining of the landau was changed almost every day to match the dress that Letty wore. She drove herself, too, a pretty little dogcart and a pair of cream-coloured ponies. It was a dainty sight to see the fragile form of the American millionaire perched on the little box seat, and the way she handled the ribbons and toyed with the pretty whip, j And Mr. Hudson was ever and ■ always Lctty's chief adviser, and ac Icountant as well; - In fact, to talkl American, "Mr. Hudson was running Miss Xetitia. But Sir Robert Clay appeared to be tlic chief favourite, even when, summer was at its height, and although his place was like himself somewhat of a ruin, and he not oyer, rich, the garden parties he gavo—solely. I am sure on her account—were,..the talk of tho parish. If Lctfy did not actually 'gaff' the baronet she managed to play him most prettily, and it was noticed moreover that in two months' time, he seemed to have grown ten years younger? 4 The old fool V. That was what Mac called him. The old fool held a good hand, any how, and could afford to laugh at younger men. ~ 