LOCALISMS. Give to airy nothing a ' local.'--Saxxshz 1a. In a discussion about tree-planting at Buila Council on Monday,-the Secretary, Mr. A. F. Daniel, mentioned that he had applied to the Conservator of For ests for 60 trees and didn't get any. Whereupon Cr. M'Dougall, the humor ist of the Board, suggested' that 600 be applied for. He thought 'a dozen or so might be obtained that way; -o It seems queer that a shire council should contain a member capable of any degree of wit; and it has been held that no one possessing a sense of hlumour would ever think of municipal honours. Cr. M'Dougall is proof to the contrary, but alas'! he only comes about once in 3 months. \--0- The Conservator of Forests was not the only object of Cr. M'Dougall's gentle sarcasm on Monday. The poor cyclist also suffered. The L.V.W. wrote to the council about putting up sign posts and danger signals, and soon after a ' Route to*Klondike' was laid before the Board. 'Send it to the League of Victorian Wheelmen,' quoth Cr. Mi'D. -o Our free' and enlightened electors are: receiving each a copy of the Federal Bill, which we hope they will all attentively peruse-though, like the old Scotchwo man, we ' have our doubts.' However, the addresses of Mr. Fink and Major Reay on Wednesday next ought to make the measure tolerably clear. -0 The civic fathers of Ballarat have got Federation bad-got it in an aggravated form, in fact. The idea of compelling the electors to vote is one that scarcely could have found birth in any but an al dermanic mind. It is also a slur on the electors, for it shows that.the Ballirat enthusiasts, at least, are fearful that the cause will-be injured through an insuffi ciency of votes. -o When Cr. Starkie-who is mianfully pegging away at the dream of his life," a water supply for Sunbury- produced two bottles of :sanipie water from Red Rock springs on Monday at the Council, those present, ,more especially the mem bers of the Fourth Estate, looked up expectantly, and then sighed in a re signed sort of way when they found it was only water. It was good water, though. There was a slight mineral taste, but that could be corrected by the method often used with good effect on boys and dogs-namely, with a' stick.' -o The local Yahoos have apparently for gotten the roasting we gave them some time ago, and are again at their old tricks. Constable M'Loughlirt had t" move them away from the NEws corner on Sunday last. ' Where are we-to? go ?' said one of them, in a plaintive tone. Wanted, an A-ylum for Yahoes -a comfortable and secluded retreat. where they could wallow to their heiarts: content in the slime that befits them. -0 : Next to the Dogs of Cadiisiandtiniople which according to some authorities foeriai' an organised canine ReIiublic and 'defy the Sultan to have them registered ati his peril, the dogs of O'Shanassy-street, are the most remarkable (ccnsidered as unmitigated nuisances) that we have ever heard of. Like the ghost of Hamlt's respected but unfortunate father, they: are, fond of 'revisiting the glimpses of the moon, making night hideous,' and when there's nto moon they come out to look for it, and to growl at its abance. Children by day and dogs by night-- these are the chief features of the street in question. -O The S.C.C was to have played their return match with' the East Melbourne C.C. on Wednesday, and journeyed to town with that object, but the rain that' shoull have fallen in Sunbury seemed to prefer spoiling the match; and our boys had to forego the, pleasure of beating their opponents. Better luck next year, we hope. -o The other day a member of our re porting staff horrified us with the state ment that the ' upper half of a woman' had been found clinging to the brake gear of the Bendigo express. However, it turned out to be not quite so tragic. What was found was a dress bodice, but the investigation made by Mr. Sweetman and his staff failed to elucidate the mys tery. There were no indications of a fatal accident. Probably some would-be wag has been trying to play off a joke on the Department. -o Mr. J. D. Starkie, who has a large quantity of hay, is having it cut by the steam chaff- cutter. The Tabernacle in 'rhich.the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. ministered for: over thirty years, and which has since been in charge of his son, the Rev. Thomas Spurgeon, was totally destroyed by fire on Wednes day last. The fire originated in the flues of the kitchen underneath the Taber nacle, whence it spread to the building. A Pastors' Conference was being hold in the Tabernacle at the time, and in the' kitchen a dinner was being prepared for thet delegates. The 'Rev. Thomas Spur geon was informe4 of tihe fire, but he continued to calmly conduct the confer ence until, in consequence of the progress of the flames, it be'arne advisable for everyone to retreat to the Pastors' Col lege, in Temple-street, Southwark. The communion plate and the records were saved. The Tabernacle (which was in sured for half its value) was opened for service in 1861, having cost £31,000. It accommodated 6,000 persons, and the Rtv. C. H. Spurgeon ministered until his death in 1892, when he was succeed ed by his son, the Riy.. Thomas Spur ~gen. Mr. Ernest Edward Wild is the name of the new Judge of the Norwich Court of lecord, England. He is 29, and his portrait looks like that of a boy of 19. Surely a ' Record' judge. Skidds-' Yon look disconsolate, Gur ley. What's the trauble ?- Doesn't Miss Munn smile on your suit ?' Gor ey--' She does more than that ; she laughs at it.' 