THE EMPRESS OP AUSTRIA. » ■■■■—— ' REQUIEM MASS AT ST. IGNATIUS' CHURCH. On Wednesday morning a dirge or solemn office of the dead was chanted in St. Ignatius' Church, Norwood, after which a solemn requiem mass was celebrated for the repose of the soul of the lato Empress of Austria, whose sad death at the hands of an anarchist thrilled the world with a feeling of horror a few days ago. The beautiful cQurch of the Jesuit Fathers, which was filled to overflowing, was draped in black and in front of the high altar a catafalque had been erected. This was covered with a handsome black velvet pall trimmed with silver and the Imperial Standard of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the whole being surmounted by a massive silver crucifix and flanked with silver candelabra. A number of seats were reserved for the members of the Government, the consuls, and other officials, and among those present v,'ere the Hon. L. O'Lougblin (Com missioner of Crown Lands), Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin (Chief Secretary), Mr. C. L. Meyer {Austro-Hungarian Consul), Mr. H. C. E. Muecke (Consul for the German Empire), Mr. J. Ho bin (Consul for Brazil), Mr. Charles A. Murphy (American consular agent), Colonel Madley (Commissioner of Police), Major Tomkinson, Mr. A. Binks (Mayor of Norwood and Kensington), and Mr. G. W. Gooden (town clerk), Pastor Dorech, and a number of Austrian colonists. The office of tho dead was first chanted, vthose taking part in it being Archbishop O'Reily (who occupied the throne, and was attended by Dr. Byrne, vicar-general, and Arch-Priest Nevin), Prior Spence and Father Headiey (Dominicans), Father Carr( Carmelite), Fathers Alfred, Augustine, and Andrew (Passionists), Fathers Milz, O'Dov/ling-, Car roll, MeKillop, and Dietel (Jesuits), and Fathers Cosgrove, Hurley, iVlcEvoy, Healy, Davis, Enright, and Adamson. The requiem mass (Coram Atchiepiacopo) was then celebrated, Father Milz acting as celebrant, leather O'Dowling as deacon, Father Carroll as sub- deacon, whilst Father Cosgrove was master of the ceremonies. The mass sung was a Gregorian one, the choir consisting of Mrs, Heuzenroeder, the Misses Weddel, U'Suilivan, and Keane, Messrs. Healy, Sullivan, and O'Brien, whilst Mr. Laffan conducted. Mr. Howard presided at the organ, and there was a chorus of some 16 boys under the control of Father McKiliop. The render ing of the music was exceptionally good, and its impressive nature was in perfect harmony with the solemn occasion. ^ The sermon Was preached by the Rev. Father Heaiiley, one of the recently arrived Dominicans. The rev. gentleman took as liis text the 14th verse of the 14th chapter of the Second Book of Kings:—"We all die, and like waters that return no more we fail down into the earth; neither will God have a soul to perish but recalled!. Meaning that he that is cast oti should not altogether perish." ~ Father Headiey ss.icl that the sudden and tragic end of the late Empress of Austria brought; vividly to our minds the realisa tion of the words:—"In the midst of lite we aro in death." Death reduced to the same level the noblest, the fairest, and the best of this earth with the meanest and the most worthless of mankind. It was death that reduced our bodies to ashes—those bodies that we were so fond of and which we pampered so much. It robbed the most magnificent palaces and the most stately mansions of their masters, and clearly showed its that the most coveted worldly positions, the highest honors, the most sensual enjoyments, came in the end to nothing but dust and dross. Not only was life uncertain, but death came when we least expected it. The remembrance of death was a powerful remedy given to us by the Holy Ghost against temptation and the yielding to the commission of sin. "Remem ber thy last end and thou shalfc never sin." The great truth of these words had a singular illustration in the death of Elizabeth, Empress ot Austria and Queen of Hungary, for whom | the altar where mass had just been cele ; brated was draped in black, and for the | repose of whose soul they had just chanted a : mass of requiem. Here was a case where one I holding the highest position of any woman in i Austria was suddenly robbed . of life by the cruel hand of death. And such a, death! Our hearts were filled with sympathy when we contemplated it. A highly refined woman, her sex should have: prevented her from harm. Far from, her lioina and country, her friends far away, accompanied only by one. ,lady attendant, suddenly without .>.a;' note of warning • she Was struck down by the ciusi,band.of" amassassin. Need we wonder that the dark and cruel deed had sent a thrill of horror throughout, the civilizbd world. The people of the Austrian Empire had been moves to the deepest depths ' of grief for their loss, and had expressed their prol'oundest ■ sympathy with the. Emperor Joseph. These colonies, too, had' associated themselves with the countries, of Europe in conveying a message of condolence to. the. I Emperor in his hour of bereavement. Eulogies j bad been pronounced on the deceased lady by sympathetic lips in every civilised-tongue. She was a womiui of great nobility of character and highly gifted both by nature and education, a true Christian, a sincere friend, a faithful wife, and a devoted mother. One who knew her well some time ago wrote of her:—"She is a woman, noble in the fullest sense of the word, resolute and brave, extremely generous, per fectly and absolutely truthful m all things, both great and small. ; She has the kindest and warmest of . hearts to all those • who know how to reach it, and there is not a single discordant note in her character." He, the preacher, had never walked through that stately pile raided by Catholic hands for the worship of the one living God —Westminster Abbey—without pausing before the burial-place of a certain noble family bearing the simple epitaph, " All the sons were crave, ana all the daughters were chaste." Those virtues, bravery and purity, were characteristic: of the deceased lady. Being a true Christian woman, with a very lofty ideal, her one desire was that her chil dren should. be brought up in the knowledge and practice of religion. The late Empress needed all the consolation which their holy religion always afforded to those who sought it. It had been the fate of few women to pass through so many sorrows and afflictions as she had. But by her deedsof mercy, rendered in the poorest and roughest quarters of the towns of her kingdom, she had laid up for herself a store of merit achieved by few. In the carry ing out of her good deeds and works of mercy her great desire was to preserve her anonymity, and by those among whom she labored she was loved for her open-hearted charity, her simplicity, her gentleness; indeed they looked upon her as a veritable angel of light. If the golden test of the love of God was the love of God's creatures then the late Empress must have laid up for herself a,rich store of merit in heaven. Father Headiey then recounted deeds of heroism and charily performed by the late Empress in the hospitals and slums of the great_citie3 of her Empire, remarking that she had lived a life that must have ensured the gates of Paradise being thrown wide open to admit her soul to the realms of perpetual bliss. She had won a crown which no assassin's hand could take from her. He remem bered, when a young student at the College of Maynooth, the Empress paying it a visit and by her simplicity of manner charming masters and students alike. She subsequently sent them a memento of her visit in the shape of a set of costly vestments. . He mentioned this as an instance of her consideration. It was fitting that the ceremony they had been present at that day should have taken place in the Church of the Society of Jesus, for tho family to which the late Empress belonged— the Itoval House of Bavaria—had ever been noted for its generosity to that learned society. When centuries ago Blessed Peter Canisus went into Bavaria to establish his Order nowhere was he received with greater favor, and by noiie was he more warmly welcomed than the nobles of Bavaria, and the Royal House of Wittelsbach in particular. In con clusion ho would say to them "Let us join with the priests of God in their final prayer 'Eternal rest give unto her, 0 Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon her.5 " . The Austrian Imperial hymn having been played, Tho Archbishop pronounced the absolution and benediction, and as the congregation filed out of tho church the solemn strains of the "Dead March in Saul" pealed forth from the organ. As a result of the appointment of Ihe sub committee from the Australasian Cricket Council and their interview -with the Mel bourne Cricket Ciub regarding the points in question relating to the visit of the next Australian Eleven to England, in 1S9I), the following reply has been re ceived by the. council from Mr. E. Gr. Smith, presidentof the M.C.C.:—"The recom mendations of the sub-committeo of the Aus tralasian Cricket Council communicated to tlio club on the 3rd inst., viz.:—That players shall bo elected on the couhcil; that players selected from last Australian Eleven should choose the next team for Eng land; and that that team when completed should select its own manager—are those which the Melbourne Cricket _ Club heartily lpproves of, and, assuming their adoption by the council, the club now accepts the invita tion of the sub-committee, and asks the council to recognise the arrangement existing between the Australian players and the club, to the effect that the next team should go to England under the auspices of the M.C. C." A special meeting of the committee of the Young: Women's Christian Association was held on Wednes day, when the following ladies' attended :—Mesdames Paton, Ueeby, Davidson, Gaiilt, Goode, Gordon, and Fuller. The secretary stated that the receipts and promise for the Lady Colton Memorial Y.W.O.A. building fund amounted to £293 18s. 3d. The date of the ann-.Ml fete was lixed for October 29, to be held in the grounds of Prince Alfred College, by permission 3f ilr. and Mrs. Chappie. 