EXPORT OP WHEAT. THE wheat export movement in a large number of the districts of the colony has undoubtedly " caught on." At a recent meeting of the Shepparton Agricultural Society 500 bags were promised, and from the district a total of 3000 bags has been listed. The Tatnra wheat export committee expect, if they have not already done so, to very shortly make op the third shipment of wheat, consisting of 30,000 bags. In that esse nearly half the estimated surplus ^iil have been got rid of. The Melbourne Leadtr estimated that the full quantity— 100,000 bags——has already been promised. What is required is to get it out of the country w*th the utmost speed. In thfc district, really the home of the movement, matters seen} somewhat stagnant, and we should like to see a continuation of that enthusiasm with which the idea was received at first. Fanners must not rest on their oars if they wish to win the race. They hav«> now less to be afraid of than they had previously. It 'S estimated that the price of wheat locally i§ hy no means on a par with the English market, and that those who export will reap a decided gain of, at least, 4d a fasN fffer at present prices. We that a quantity of grain which h&s; been promised is not yet to hand, ' ^his is one of the difficulties in the waj' 4>f farmers working togeihej. Promises are made, and either from indifferent^ or want of energy they are not kept, tli^ consequence being that the more energetic become disgusted and lose thfflr enthusiasm. We would urge on all those who have promised contributions, io fulfil their obligations at once. They cannot lose by the transaction, they may gain considerably. Some, it is stated, are holding back, unwilling to risk anything, bnt still having the hope that the efforts of others may resnlt in gain to them. This is not a very laudable or honorable mole of procedure, and we trust such farmers are few and far between. POLICE CHANGES.—Constable Rodgers, whose instructions for removal from here were countermanded, received further orders and has siuce left Numurkah for Corop. Constable Nuttall, who for some time was relieving in the drought stricken mallee, has succeeded him. UNITED BRASS BAND—Particular attention is directed to the fact that the United Brass Band will play at Katamatite on Tuesday next at three o'clock, collections in aid of Mooroopna Hospital. The band acquitcd themselves so admirably in their initial effort, aud such a really pleasant afternoon ensued that, no doubt,'there will be a large attendance next Suuday. The band was to have played at Katunga last Sunday, but owing to the lamentable death of Miss Olive Lease, the affair was postponed, and will be held on Sunday, 10th April at 3.30 o'clock. NATHALIA TO BE VISITED;—The Numurkah Amateur Dramatic Club visits Nathalia on Wednesday evening next, when they will produce the Comedy. "Time will Tell," the proceeds to be devoted to the funds of the Friendly Societies Brass Brand in that town We have no doubt the club will be well received. Matters in connection with, the band in question we hear are in a most flourishing condition, no fewer than 17 players turning up to the last practice. Assistance in the shape of tivo or three cornet players, ne A t arrivals in the town, has been obtained, and anvone who has had anything to do with a baud will know what that means. Our local brass band has apparently given up the ghost. Would it not be possible for the lodges here to follow in the footsteps of their contemporaries in Nathalia and form a baud here. It would cost but a small amount if each would take a share of the burden. The idea has always worked admirably in Nathalia, even when one lodge alone was responsible. A band belonging to a lodge stands on a much firmer footing and generally hangs together better than oue on its own. GOING HOME.—Nathalia is about to lose one of its old identities, Mr R, Rodgers having sold his house to Mr. R. Tweddle of Waaia, and made up his mind to return to England. " Bob " as he is familiarly know, is a general favorite, and he will be much missed in many ways in Nathalia. He took a lively iuterest in the I.O.O.F. in that town, aud was one of the best- feilows in the band belonging to that lodge, blowing the big bassoon. His present intention is to go in May by the R.M.S. Oratava, always providing, as he 6ays, war does not break out. We wish him the best of good times in the old country if he goes, and feel sure he will not forgot his old friends in this. A LOCAL WEATHER PROPHET. — The weather during the past few days, has been most unreasonably hot, aud the question, wheu is the rain coming is on the lips of nearly ereryone we meet. In fact the query has become so monotonous that we determined to cast round and sec if there was any definite information available, and we are pleased to be able to announce this morning that our task is successfully accomplished. It is an old sayiug and a very true one that a prophet hath no honor in his own country. How often during the protracted drought of the last few years have we waited with impatience for news from Wragge, Barraclii aud other astronomers and weather prognosticators in this country, aud yet we have had in our own midst for many years a fellow townsman, by name Abe Halliday, who is so peculiarly constituted by nature that lie may be described as a '' walking barometer." Abe " is well-known to the whole district, but with all the modesty applying to gifted natures he seldom talks about himself, and it was only by a side wind, as it were, that in our search we heard oi his peculiar faculty. Mr. Halliday, in short, can foretell a change in the weather as nearly as possible four days before this will occur, aud accoiding to his statement we may look fofesqualls or heavy rain at least early to night. As he says the feeling of a change occurs first in his bones, this gives him " fits " for the time being, but in the interests of humanity in this arid area he does not object to being made a martyr of in this respect, though he adds that he has in wet seasons felt that Providence was not exactly treating him fairly, It is to be hoped that" Abe" uiay have a wet jacket in addition to his other discomforts this eveniug, aud we are certain that he will not object to this himself, when the result must mean so much additional prosperity hereabouts. THE HOLY BONOS.—A Katunga correspondent writes :—On Saturday night, 19th instant, the roads around Katunga were gjjite animated, and the extraordinary sounds that broke the ordinary stillfie&s; of the country th»rui| liiiglitr tmve been attributed to a Chinese baud ou the warpath. Kerosene tins, cornets, cattle bells, and other musical instruments were being played with the utmost energy and enthusiasm, and the result may be better imagined tbau discribed". The fact of the matter was it w«s a good old- fashioned tin-kettling, and the victifir was Mr W. Miller, who had just returned from his honeymoon, liaving beenH: married to Miss Fanny L daughter of Mr T. A. Lyons, of Yalca, on the 9th Match, at Nathalia. The wedding was a.very quiet one, aud we determined to mark it in some way. Having all collected outside the house, we played one tune. 3 :- The inusisans are to be complimented on their efforts, the allegro or quick,- and . lively movement, being specially well performed when Mr Miller first showed himself. However,, we received a warm welcome and had a good time, although rather annoyed that we were not encored, the. vocal efforts of the company apparently hetug more appreciatedthan die instrumental music. There was one wpfh given expression to, a wish that is re-«cl^qfc4 fyy all who have the pleasure of tife^t acqi^iftaijce, «ijd that is " May Mr and B(tfc ®fillor h&ye; a foijg, happy, and tif^" NICHOLS B*os.™Thte fjrin of y&rpenters; and builders prepared to undertake building in all jhi branches In any mrtof thedistrict.; TWMu&rs.; Nichulls Bros.* nddress is Kathrtlia, Where they have .been for many, years, .-and have earnod the cthaiacfor of skilfuland reliable workmen. v A VEHICULAR ACCIDENT.—Mr W. Saxton of Numurkah, experienced a very unpleasant accident last Saturday at the local creameiy. He was standing a little to one side when the horse attached to his creamery cart was startled by something and bolted. Mr Saxton at once rushed forward to stop it but was knocked down by the shaft and the wheel went over him, causing severe bruises which neccessitated a confinement to his room for some days. The horse escaped aud capsized the vehicle in Meiklejohnstreet near the corner of Quiun-street. Both shafts were broken, but the horse was uninjured. " FARMERS FAVORITE."—A trial of the Walter A. Wood seed drill was held ou Mr. G. Flack's farm on Tuesday, iu the presence of a few farmers, who were much taken with the working of the drill in the fallow land, which was somewhat set. The drill was also used on the hard road, by which the evenness with which the seed is distributed was strikingiy demonstrated, So pleased was Mr. Flack with the work done that he purchased the machine on the ground. AN OLD RESIDENT.—All those who knew the Rev. W. Dalton, one time vicar of St. George's Church of Eugland, Numurkah, will be pleased to hear any good news of him. In this month's Grafton and Armidale DIOCESAN NEWS, a church journal published by the Bishop of that diocese is a glowing account of the ceremonies and rejoiciugs on the opening of the new vicarage at Balmaiu, N.S.W., where Air Dalton is stationed. "The Vicarage," says the NEWS, "is thoroughly well built, aud contaius drawiug- room, diuing-room aud study, three bed-rooms, pantry and "kitchen, verandahs front and back, all rooms have eleven clear feet in height internally. There are many conveniences which bear witness to the thoughtful consideration of some people for the comfort of their minister and family." 