WHERE THE MONEY GOES LOSSES OF THE LAYERS. FULLY FORTY THOUSAND. FACTS AND FIGURES. BY A MAN ABOUT TOWN. Bookmakers almost as widely as doctors In their views occasionally, but to-day they, to a man, are unanimous in their assertions that Saturday was ab solutely the most disastrous Caulflcld Cup they ever experienced. From a financial point of view, of course. In accordance with instructions, I have Interviewed three or four of the most prominent penclllcrs, and several of the lesser lights ot the Ring, with the re sult that It has been ascertained be yond doubt that a majority of the metal- llclahs lost over no fewer than five of the races run on Saturday. As five first or second favorites won, and the Inst winner, DJin Djin, waa well backed, one could readily comprehend tlmt the fielders had encountered a bad day, but their experiences were even more unprofitable than the mere results and the quotations against the names of tho winners would appear to indicate. For the outlook in double and treble event combinations — in a Derby and Melbourne Cup connection— is at pre sent very dismal, ho many Cup horses having been dovetailed In with Hymot- tus for the other two big events of the spring The figures and the facts which follow have been compiled in more thin one instance from the actual cash betting books and settling sheets of the indi viduals interested. Hence the data ob tained Is absolutely accurate, as the varying luck of tho layers and slightly fluctuating prices laid, would permit of. Mr Alfred Joseph, In the course of a chut, said:— "Well, Saturday's racing and the Caul- field Cup of l&rit;, will not be readily for gotten by the ringmcn, for the whole six races were won by first or second favorites. Hymettus was a great pub lic fancy, and was consistently backed. The stable did not win a big stake, and there were no large individual winners, but the public generally all won on him. ilymettus, in addition, haa been coupled with all the best horses in the Melbourne Cup. In my ease, I huve'twenty horses to bring forward with him. - "Tho volume of butting this year has been greater, 1 should say, than in ISM und 1M7, although the wagers are not so large Individually as some years back. Still, the general public bet. If In smaller amounts, as freely us ever. 1 should say that ilymettus was a better horse for the public than Massinlssa or Keka, as hud either of these two won, the money would have gone into a few hands. The same may be said of Thunder Queen. "The ring all lost heavily to a man, but I cannot ofier an opinion as lo what the amount would be. This season of the > cur Is fucetiously termed 'Our Lambing Season.' With Saturday's racing behind us, and Bobadil in tronl of us, It looks like a b:ul clip. Still, U (ewe) never can tell in racing. "Our reverses were nothing com pared to our feelings of sor row at the terrible accident nnd sad death of tho poor jockey, Flanagan. On Saturday night all at tempts to but were forgotten, and the only topic wax the Hud calamity." Mr Jack Cohen, member of the Vic torian Club, assures us that the losses, as a result of the victory of Hymettus, and, in fact, on the whole afternoon's trans actions, were unusually large. He says:— "During the "past month, both through the medium of tho post and locally, there had been a steady and consistent demand Cor Ilymettus. From every colony and by every mall commis sions have readied us on behalf of this son of Hiridspord. "He was a great public horse, and the money won has been distributed pretty equally throughout Australia." "What amount do you reckon the ring lost on the day's transactions?" "Fully L10.000. probubly more, because every winner was so well bneked. I be lieve Calma In 1883 was one of Uic worst previous winners the ring had ever laid against. My worst Cuulficld Cup up to Saturday last was that won by G'Naroo, but Hymettus' win hit us far more heavily than even G'Naroo's. "As regards doubles, we have laid every horse engaged In the Melbourne Cup who appears to possess a ghost of a chance of winning the big race (bar ring. in several instances, Massinlssa). Personally, backers have coupled in our boolts with Ilymettus the following thirteen horses, each of whom, you must admit, must be labelled 'Dangerous : — The Grafter, The Chief," Itrazen Lad, Clarion, Tteka, Trapper, Cacox. Eleusi- nlon, Mcrloolas, Dreamland. Cardamom Wnlt-n-nit, Ambcrite, to the full extent of our L5000 hook. Moreover, these arc altogether Irrespective of the treble event combinations ir< connection with the Derby and Cup. for which, I may mention. I have laid no Derby candidate In this connection, BARRING BOBA- D1L." Mr II. Derschl, of TattersaH's Club, who caters as a commissioner for all classes of the community, big and little investors alike, anil whoso views on tills subject are consequently compre hensive. says:— "The general public— our patrons— are grout followers of 'form,' and good Judges of that. In the bargain. They havo all along followed up Hymettus, Massinlssa, Cocos, and The Chief. One of these won. and, as It happened thnt ho was most heavily backed, we lost, in ad dition to which every other winner during tho day was picked and hacked. "In doubles we have no less than twenty Melbourne Cup horses going against us, so we havo a poor chance of escaping without l&ying; the winners of tho two biggest handicaps of the year." As several of the leaser leviathans among the layers lost L30Q apiece during tho afternoon— an average of L&O; a race —the looses ot the bookmakers pro bably total tbe greater portion of L40.000. As thc<paylng-out process progresses tills afternoon, further evidences of the fact that the public and not the "stables" were the biggest winners as a result of Saturday's races, filter out. Some of the Wallaroo officers, who somehow or other got to windward of the betting market, have already col lected the better portion of L1000, won by them over Hymettus and other wln- Rondlgonlan backers somehow ot other contrived to obtain special tidings as to tho Caulflcld Cup chance of Hy- . mcttus, and profited all round accord ingly; One individual, who owns horses himself, and who halls from Quartzopo- lls, being credited with having won some Llf>00. Mr Paterson, the owner of Hymettus, will probably feci gratified when he as certains that if he personally did not win a fortune over his horse's victory, the win woh essentially a popular one, and the general public profited hugely us a result thereof. 