Partners for Life. A GOLDFIBLDS STORY OF LOHG AGO. [Written for the Nbpean Times ] (BX " OOOYAL.") crossing tbarace by a plank wuen hia sharp little eyes saw a heap of ■ometbing lying near a grating wbiob kept logs and debris out of the covered portion of the race. The boy jumpod down, felt the substance, and found it to be a human being. It was very dark, and the boy bad no matches, bo be couldn't see the face. He was a brave lad, however, and be tnggt-d and tagged anfil be got tbf'm»n np high and dry, and tl>e»i h» ran home for a march, hoping his mother would be asleep. She was not, and aakod where he Imd been and what was the matter. He told her, aud she partially dressed herself and aooompanied the bey to the river, where lay poor Olem Chilton half dead. When she saw ' who it was her heart jumped with a pleasurable sensation, for she had never oeaBed to love the man, low and degraded as he was. Bbe hesitated at first about taking bim to ber miserable home, bat human ity was uppermost, and between them they dragged Olem to tba bumpy unobserved ' by anyone. Skimper—that was ber busband-~ never turned np all nigbt (which was not unusnal) nor next day, so poor Olem had a long Bleep. In tho morning Mrs. Skimper was. alarmed to find herself alone with tbo man sbe lovod, for toe Doy was not there. If her husband should come in there would be trouble—though it wai little bo worried himself about her, whether she had food or olotbea or bedding ; in faet, on that Christmas Day she was penniless, and the cupboard was bare. Glem slept on, and she Bat looking at him in a state of helpless indeoision. He awoke abont noon and raised himself on his elbow. At first ho did not notice the woman, for the hut had no windows. Then l\e muttered as if to himself; 1 Gad, I'm in olover j What's the matter with me ? Generally I am in the straw, and here am J with a mattress under me. Ha ! what's this ? (feeling a bandage on his bead)—I have been in the wars. Let's think a bit^where was it ? , . . What, you here ) Why, Milly, you are ohanged | Good God ( What sort of a life aro you living with Bon ?' 1 Need you aak—you can see. But never mind, how do you feel ?1 • Well, I don't quite know—a bit queer. What have I boen up to ?' She told him all she knew; but oould say nothing of how he got into the race • Now I remember, Flash George and his mate downed me in Mrs Denton's bar— he insulted her, and I oouldn't resist punohing him.' Poor Milly sighed—it was always Mrs Denton; for her (Milly) no one raised a | hand. , ~ . , , • Ben was not there ? she asked. 4I did not see him. What happened later I don't know. Where's the kiddey ?' •« I don't know. I wish he would oome— i though, poor child, there is nothing for him.' «And this is Christmas Day. Gad,1 Milly, I ought to be ashamed of myself to see you in this plight; yet here I am your gnest and—and putting you *n a false P°«Why do you ngt pqll yourself together, and be a man again—like what you were once.' . , , . . «And might have been now baa I been a sensible fellow and—'1 •What?' • What—why, married you . , . But it is too late. I am worthless, and you are in misery. What a blind idiot I have been— not to have ieen all thin before. € Hush 11 here's someone coming ; . . It's Tiney . . . Where have you been, child ? You shouldn't have gone away with out telling me.' , , 4 Tiney was the little chap who had really saved Clem's life. He began nnroll ing himself; and having taken off ft very ragged jacket and an apology of a shirt, hd untied knots in tho corners of the under garment and revealed several good sized nuggets, varying from one to bix ounces. « Wherever did you get them ? asked his mother. , , . .., ' My word, Tiney, you ve dropped on to it. said Clem. 4 Can't you put me in close to vou, obappib ?' ... . 41 wantB yer to be my mate; we 11 be a bloe'min' compaqy, an' knock spoU xff the Bulgine crowd an' make Curly WhiakerB j " Olem laughed. • Well done, young *un; you've grit in you. any how. But can t you set a better man than rai l 4 No, you've alius been kind to me, when you could ; un' I'vo heard 'em say as you wao a good boas long time ago. Mother did ver toll him ?' u-a 4 Yes, my boy. But you'd better hide that gold or oVbo your well, put it away. 41 know mother—or elao my beloved daddy will Bnop it op an' drink an—oh no, not if J. known it | An.' you, Clem 11 have to swear off afore you oigns partnership papers. » Why. damn it, boy, you obamo me., You talk seuao. anyhow. I will DW®".offT^1°1 drink from this day, bo hdlp me God! Will that do, Milly. you're a witness. Between you you'll a nJeQ of nio again, o o * Clom Chilton wont cvor to Blug'a Point withTinoy—oftor having oold no muoh gold oo would provido too, ougor, and food for bia mother. Thoro, in an old tunnol, tho boy ohowed tbo plooe whoro the gold was .found iboro *?oo plouty moro. Tboj oarofolly \- CEIPIHE big Bulgine Company wai in fall swing in the townataip Beach, and tbe old town was lively in consequence. Tbe bosses knocked about in fall fig-riding boots and spars, ' biled' shirts, diamond soarf-pins, nagget finger-ringB, heavy oable obain Albert guards, and tall felt hats. Borne of 'em attended to matters at the olaim; others sampled oboioe liquors at tbe pubs. The old Pioneer Hotel was the leading pub in those dayB, and busy times were they for landlord, landlady, and her half-dozen Hebes—all of 'em regular tip toppers, big, full, fresh and fair, and exceptionally good danoers, for in those days every.pub of any oonBpqnence had a 1 Baloon,' and danoing went on every n'gbt. AmidBt all the racket, afflannoe, extrava gance, lushing, danoing, and Iove-mi»kinsr (of a sort) in 81uicerville in tbe year I860, there were not a few ne'er-do-wells and hard cases; and want and poverty were not unknown. Among the hangers-on at the Pioneer was Olem Obiltnn—about as God forsaken, dilapidated-looking a specimen of humanity as one would see in a six months' tour ' on tbe wallaby/ He haunted the Pioneer like a ghost day and night, for after twelve he'd curl up among tbe straw over the stables. And well he might baunt the house, for he had knooked down hundreds —nay, thousands—of pounds in its bar, for he had been the biggeaf olaim-holder on the river. He was not yet thirty—bad, in his golden days, been a handsome, well- ( set-up fellow, but was now a slouob, crawling round for drinks, which were literally thrown at him by men whs were, his inferiors /in every way—For Clem bad alwayB been a generous, free-banded, pleasure-loving card. He was well edu cated, too ; was a don at billiards, and but few could touoh him at whist. Then all tbe. girls liked him; they'd even quarrel among themselves as to who should dance with bim. And now they ourled their pretty lips and tip-tilted their rctrotisee noses still more than Nature intended them. There was one girl that had loved Clem sincerely; she almost worshipped him, and she was a very decent girl, too, though only a ' paid' dancer at the Pioneer saloon. Alas I for the con trarieties, Clem didn't respond, for be loyed someone pise—the landlady of the Pioneer, Mrs Denton wbb a pretty little woman— ohje and voluble; bad travelled some, and was well read, besides being an accom plished pianist. Her husband was a big, fat, heavy, sleepy Teuton, and saw but little of what was going on—not that there was ever anything wrong, though most husbands would have objeoted to Clem, Chilton and ' George the Swell' eternally spooning round tbe pretty woman in tbe way they did. < Tbe Swell' was tbe prinoipal boss of the big company—and an unmitigated rasoal. He was handsome, however, and though he oouldn't dance, nor sing, nor play, as Clem could, his fresh faoe and ourlod blaok whiskers drew the women to bim. Anyway, the feltow contrived poor Clem's ruin; he employed both women and men to bring it abont—and it was amazing how Clem's gold melted away. Mrs Denton dida't like the fellow—in faot, she was really an honest woman ; and so blaok whiskered George found out when she soused him with rinsings for daring to suggest so small a favour a> a kiss. * * • That was ten years before the 'New Company' commenced operations. They had been years of shame and sorrow to Clem Chilton; and now be was pretty well oaBe hardened. His old rival was still Jjjg tp^n among the rpinnowa and bossed everybody pretty well as he liked, Mrs Denton was now a widow, and worse luck, under an obligation to Ww man. The girl that could, and would, if the foolish fellow would have let her, have mtide a happy, decent man of Clem, was induced to marry a man that worked in tbe big olaim, and who was flaBh George's slavo and factotum. He had, in days past, also worked for Olem as a trusted hand at tbe boxes. It proved a sad union for the poor girl—and Milly Alton was to be pitied, for her husband was a brute to her—a crawler to tbe flash manager, and an idler—for he wouldn't work • now he had a wife to keep him '-and the trouble was that she would not sell both soul and body to supply his unlimited thirst. To this ill assorted couple baa been born one ohild—a boy, who was now dose on ten. He was a oute little ouitomer, protty, if olean, and honest in spite of the bad example of his father. Though only & child he earned bis own living and kept his mother—who was a complete wreok from ill usage, and unable to work. It was CJbriatmas eve, and the Pioneer was brilliant—reminded one of (be old day«. A orowd was in tho bar, and liqnor was running down thirsty throats in continuous rnnning streams. Piano, fiddle, and concertina, and the foot of tho danaers, kept np a steady ding-dong, and one had to bawl in earnest in tho bar for what one wanted. Blaok Whiskers was drinking with soma men from Sydney—speoalatoro probably— and not being served ao promptly as bio High Mightiness wished, ho naed a nasty •Xpression to the girl, which, Mr a Denton ftysrhearing, resented with some warmth ; tjpon which he remindod hor of her obligations to him, and otherwise inoaltod Ber, It all happened in a trico—lilro a flash of lightning—and no one saw oxaotly bo.V it was done. Thoro lay Flash George on tho floor and standing ovor him with olonuhod fists, stood poor, thin, haggard, ooaroorow Olem Ohilton. Up roso tho boss, whito with rago, and Bbaped np to tho woakling—but not so trook bnt that he oonld resent a foal insult upon the woman lie loved; and domi tbo pegged of! foar men's ground, and as soon as the Commissioner's office was opened, tbey applied for a lease—for it was abandoned grouad. Christmas was not so dull after all in Tiney's borne—for in the absence of bis father, tbe boy—knowing and sagaoiotis beyond bis years—laid in a stook of oomforts for bia mothor. sold a little gold so aa not to ezoite saspioion, and gave CJIem a pound or two to clothe himself decently. • • * I On Boxing Day Olem walked into the bar of the Pioneer, decently dressed, and laid » shilling dotvn. ' I want a drink—no, not tbat—no more ram, thank yon; let it be ginger beer—your own make' — for Mrs Denton was famous for her brew. She served him, and looked surprised. ' Now tell me, what happened here on Christmas Eve ?' She told him everything. ' Now I'll gammon the fellow.' ' Do so, and I'll give evidenoe. He is a brnte, bat X fear him no longer.' ' Glad to hear it. Now, Mrs Denton, do me a favour. You know Milly—the nice girl tbat used to danoe here—well, she's badly off—she married that lackey of George's Skimper, yon know. Go and see her5 and get her, if possible, to leave the fellow, or some day tberell be mnrder—for be is a brnte. I may also tell you I'm going an the teetotal for a spell . . .' 4 I'm glad to hear it. Keep to it and yoa'll soon pick np. You're worth a dozen of most men—if you'd only keep sober—and don't go spooning aboat where yoa're not wanted.' ' Thanks; that's straight talk, anyhow. Bat we will be friends all the same.' • Yes, I hope bo. Bo a man and yoa'll have no truer friend than me.' And so it happened, for Mrs Denton, like the true woman she was, swore to Fla«h George's assault upon-Glem ; bat not having seen Skimper taking part she said nothing, thsagh she knew the fellow was a partici pator. Black Whiskers was heavily fined, and Milly's wretched husband found it con venient to clear off the fiild. Olem and Tiney went in big, employed a orowd of men and slqioed the old point from Bide to side, qnd away back to the iqonntaiq. Milly ypas not forgotten ; she was provided witl) a new fyouse and all that she desired, and whan news -oame to band that her husband had been found dead in the bnsh, she promised Olem to be his wife in six months, which promise she kept, the wedding day being on Christmas Eve, when Tinoy and Olem gave all their bands a great feast in Mrs Denton's ballro-im ; and Clem waB able to respond by drinking the men's healths in ohampagne, for he had conquered his oraving. And Mrs Denton's toast woand np a most jovial and happy meeting. 1 The Good Hope Company, its owners and manageiB, Clement Chilton, Tiney, and Mrs Chilton,' whioh was endorsed by all with 1 Hip, hip, hnrrahs!' for Boss Tiney in partioalar, and the partners generally. big felfow again—this time badly braised abont his handsome nose and eyes. Then there was a nice old row, and the 'jackal' appeared upon the soene, and between them poor Clem was kicked and Irigged into the street. And there he lay insensible for an hoar or no,' and then the jaokal assisted bis patron to haul the poor fellow down to the river, and into the big tail-race they rolled him. It is hard to say what oonld have taken the little tea-year-old kinohen down to the river at olose upon midnight. Bat no matter; the boy—the jaokal's son—was 