A LUSiQ iffTERVAL. { • " The thing seemed hardly credible on 'Change; but Bob Walsinglsam <of Walsingham Brothers. St Swithin's, Lane, E.C.) was desperately ijl That most robust, cheery, and generous of middle-aged city men—a unique "character" in his extsnsive social circle, the pillar of half a d^zen clubs, the life and entertainment of a score of households—was lying helpless on his back, pale, wasted, and delirious, deplored alike by the city and the West End. At an earlier stage in the illness clerks and brother directors had called almost daily, asking for five minutes* conference or the mere signature of a document. "Impossible!" was the answer of the sacred .domestic. "Mr Walsingham could see no one—could not even write his name." The strawed roadway of the great red-brick house looking on Kensington Gardens was trampled by a dozen pairs of carriagehorses every morning, while footmen glanced at the muffled knocker and handed in cards of condolence. Friends had the consolation of knowing that everything money could do would assuredly be done for one who in health seemed to enjoy no pleasure like that of giving—an elementary pleasure, no doubt Bob Walsingham was not a man of advanced ideas, though what he. had were liighly Valued on many commercial boards. A stanch adherent of the existing • order of things, it woiild never have occurred to him to doubt the j merits of large fortunes and liberal ex- penditure. As it was, while he lay, eminent specialists, for whom the hourglass ran in golden =ands, met. consulted, and advised day after day. and. having carried off hundreds of guineas and recommended the expenditure of hundreds more, agreed that there really was nothing to be done but to trust to careful nursing and let the disease run its course. This they said in a manner implying that cach individual or them could have arrested it by raising a finger had they r.ot preferred another method of cure Miss Lina Farebrother—the brightest, strongest, readiest, lightest handed of helpful womankind, the pick of the great St. Stephen's Ambulance and Nursing Association—faced with serene selfpossession the responsibilities imposed upon her. Precisely because of her excellence and comparative youth, the censorious and slightly jealous Lady Superior of the establishment (such littleness do sometimes impair the utility of such admirable associations') had particularly enjoined Miss -Farebrother not to forget "her position." But the girl's plain dress and particularly deferential manner could no more conceal the fact that she was a lady than a nurse's cap concealed the luxurainee of her black hair. Mr Walsingbam's sister and his two nieces—he was the most popular of bachelor uncles— bowed down to her lightest word or look; and. in their desperate strait she ruled the house with a noiseless despotism. The patient's earlier remarks to her had thrown little light upon bis immediate needs and feelings, obscured as they were by the conviction that he was the centre of an important telephonic systeńi into which the correspondents of several English and American firms were pouring tli^most fatuous suggestions. "I wish to the d 1 you wouldn't all talk at once," he burst out; and there followed a rigmarole of disordered wit and wisdom, social and mercantile, the lucidity and precision of which failed to render it intelligible to Miss Farebrother. "If you want a flutter, my boy. don't touch those Spanish fours." A weary smile played over the wasted face- "Much better spend it on ^hkm- pagne. Will last longer. . . ." "There, there," said the nurse, rearranging his pillow "Pay for it!"' was the answer. "I'll be hanged if you do!" His voice dropped. "The poor beggar's only got three hundred a year." His expression passed into one of 'more serious grievance as he looked hard into the nurse's hazel eyes. "I can't conceive why ever they put you on the direction. . . . You're quite the worst banker I ever knew." As her voice seemed to soothe the patient she felt bound to assent to manv of his propositions. She made no attempt to defend her character as a banker, but merely shifted the ice on his head. Pressed on an economic question concerning sugar bounties, she promised not to say another word in favor of "that d d "Consumer," " and expressed a gentle sympathy for Mr Walsingham's obscurer troubles. No doubt it was rather trying to find yourself the drum of a telephone, when you had been brought up for the church: and she would certainly wire the Hong Kom agents (omitting bad language) and say Such was the daily programme for weeks of patient watching, during which the sufferer's eyes, when not closed in disturbed slumber, followed her with weary attention round the room. His delirium was of the kind in which the mind, like a fish struggling on the hook, alternately surged up - to the light, swam near the surface, and plunged again into the deeps. There came a day—the fortieth or fiftieth, perhaps, of her charge—when his utterances struck the nurse as more remarkable than ever; for he broke off a wafm discussion on West Indian freights to turn his pale face full upon her and say : ' "Come here, Lina—your name is Lina, isn't it?" What do you -want?" said Miss Farebrother, mechanically ; but the voice from the pillows went on : ł "And a dev—a very pretty name. < say. . . . Look here. Lina, I've watched you, and I can see what a trump of a girl, you are—the sort to make any man happy. Oh, don't: you ; talk!"—he seemed to fear she Should fill ' up intervals'left by his exhaustion; 1 but s Farebrother, robust' and comely, stood and "watched the . patient, her hands crossed on'her apron, but . her heart,"It must be added, heating a turn over the orthodox rate! ! Tm a poor sort. of . a feller, I know," the voice struggled on, "but I've got the deuce of a constitution, arid I shall pull through this all right And look here, Lina; if I do"—the voice -was very feeble now— "will you marry me?" . The haggard eyes fixed hers. -"Will you? . Not. quite sure how far the sootiling policy of assent oughfte) he carried: she answered, gently: "Well, well; we'll see about it -when you're ——" t*WBl-^you—-many—me ?" persisted tiieipaUenVIaihtly;:; you do"—he Interrupted tion—'Til another vagus t expostula- make . you : as'happy as tf queen. . . If you don't, I'll be ill .'" V - . . for weeks. .and months, by Jove. . .; : . And you'll have the dence of a time. > and"—the ghost of; his lost jovial Tself -whispered—-Til cut dowrs your screw. . . Will you ? . 'Lina?" TAe sufferer strove to raise himself itm-lOE an'.epcortv •was making- him. «vorae. The nurse touched hi -arm and read Justed the-pillow "Very well,' .she sald, 'Tlltaarry jojł" 'But as W excited igaŁures ^ubsid fed Into In taut -re d pose'jiana.iho iiaggard - eyes " cl Ssed, 'a suddoa ttembllng rendered ho* hand less teady-tiian 'usual s the fleet's j s face, averted ftom hers, sank on to the j MwpHMiltM pillow, she heard him sa.y (and the simple words tilled her with a sirange fear), "Tell Lizzie not to forget that turtle-soup for tlie Clarices." A moment later he was asleep. The nurse met Miss Walsingham on the broad, softly-carpeted stairs. "He's resting now," she said, and mentioned th" injunction concerning the soup. "Oh," said Miss Walsingham, "the poor sick parson in Bethnal Green. Did he say that? Then he must have been quite sensible." "I don't know," said the nurse, "he's been talking a great deal. . . about things in the city, and . . . and . - . oh! all kinds of nonsense." Miss Farebrother blushed the blush of health and innocence to tlie roots of her" lustrous hair. The genial, n. .ddleaged lady eyed lier kindly but closely, and reflected on the occasional freedom, even before ladies, of her brother's language. She took the girl's hands in hers. "My dear," she said, "I may call you that? We're rather—what shall I say—a sporting lot; but our hearts are all right. I do hope Bob didn't say anything very dreadful. If he did, you must forgive us. We shall never, never know how to tliank you for what you have done—and Bob, my brother, he is, I can tell you, tlie best truest, kindest soul on God's earth." The gold-rimmed glasses slipped from the speaker's eyes and showed them flowing with tears. "Tlie girl, more professionally self-nossessed, could not resist her motherly embrace, but mingled her own tears with reassuring smiles. "Oh, dear Miss" Walsingham, pray don't think anything of the kind; and I know, I can see, how good and kind he is. It was all nonsense, but he . . . he called me by my name, Lina, and . . . and asked me to marry him, and . . . and, to quiet him, you know, I . . . I said I would." Miss Walsingham stifled a burst of laughter in her laced handkerchief, but, recovering, looked more serious. "I don't know what Lady Adela Gresham would say to that; but—she need never know." The implied sense of this remark of Miss Walsingham's was not true; but she thought it politic, even kind, under the circumstances, and it had the basis of fact that she very much wished Bob to marry Lady Adela One afternoon, after about a week of gradual but irregular recovery, the invalid suddenly and quietly awoke from a long sleep in a luxurious arm-chair in the sunny sitting- room. The sentinel was still at her post. "Is thst you?" lie said in the level accent of a continual discourse. There was nothing in the question, but its tone struck on her experienced ear as tlie newly tuned note on a musician's. Bob Walsingham had been quite light when he said thst he had the deuce of a fine constitution. A faint color glimmered in his cheeks, and his face was at rest There was even in its expression a spice of the jovial mischief which was to him a second nature. She smiled quiet professional approval. "You've had a good sleep." "I'll be dashed if it wasn't a close thing," he added, with a miid air of self-congratulation. "You might have got on at 14 to 1, and made a hatful of money; but it doesn't matter now. I guess I talked a record lot of rot Where on earth is the daily paper?" For some absurd reason the nurse turned as white as the margins of the "Times" she handed him. He was allowed to read a little now ; it was usually a pretence, ending in a healthful nap, and she banked up the pillows a bit to facilitate the process. "By the way," said the patient suddenly, from behind the "Times," "where would you like to go for the what d'yer call it?—tlie—honeymoon?" The nurse had complete command of herself this time. A touch of excitement of fanciful romance, had enliven- i «<i jjie martyr-like drudgery of her life. The Walsinghams had been kind, rous; but gratitude must never be confused with love; and it was highly absurd of her not to have reflected—before repeating the nonsense to Miss Walsingham—on its obvious explanation. As to the name, why "Adela" might be "Adeline"—and so many girls' names ended that way. It would be very improbable that he could have kno^ n her—Miss Farebrother's—own name, though his sister had affectionately called.her by it once or twice. So she simply said, wondering if he was awake to hear it : "While you are away, do you mean? . . . Oh, I hope you'll be well enough then, for Lady Adela " Did the invalid "say a swear," as he had sometimes sworn in his delirium V She preferred to believe that he only muttered, "What on earth d'you know about Lady Adela?" *T beg pardon." murmured Miss. .Farebrother; "I—I thought you were—engaged."' "So I am engaged," said Bob Walsingham simply: "heve been for a fort three weeks past" There was no want of color in the nurse's face now. "Would you mind picking up the 'Times?' " said Bob Walsingham. He could quite well have picked it up tor himself: and it was not the paper, as she stooped and replaced it, on which his large and bony band closed. "Lina," he said—site could not, or would not, tear herself away from him, though the grasp was no longer that of the helpless sufferer—"you promised, you know " "Oh, Mr Walsingham!" she said, embarrassed by her own truthful instincts, "I thought you meant—I mean " "You meant." he interjected — " and Bob is what they call me." "I only meant"—her voice came in a broken whisper—"I only said that to to make you"—tlie right words would not come—"to make you better.' '•It'll be a longish business," he sighed genially; "a sight longer than this fever, but I believe you'll do it,- if any one can. . . There's Lizzie coming. You might ring for tea." -. * * r The convalescent was observed to chuckle a good deal over the first: letter he wrote., which was addressed in a somewhat shakyhand to "The Lady Superior of the St Stephen's Ambulance, Btp.r Association," and concluded with a paragraph which nearly gave that distinguished matron a fit:—"Mr Walsingham would be glad-to know if any extra charge is niade in the event of the patient marrying the nurse, and In view of such a possibility begs. enclose a cheque for L500." ' Probably no more lovihg couple were ever married at St. Peter's Church ; but "the shameless husband was often heard to say in after-life, "You see, she'd found out all about me. I couldn't have let her marry any one else;" and queenly Mrs Walsingham, her fine hair ablaze with diamonds, would blush for him and smilingly own that during her engagement as linrse She "'had learnt the worst"— •'St. Jajnes' Budget" j . Are to understand* (asks our London .eorreq>ondent) that a new industry Is not going to spring\ip in Australia, in tiie shape of tlie exportation ^lOillfj^idb^jiSmiitfiM^ |!6r sale in London?. [fift-jtrinsL foe ionCesseft tiiat the priws MsJisea at Sterens' Auction Mart ?UilB/iyeefc are sufficiency teuipl- ~«heiiea4 -of A^Maiód i-lmmsbt 17 guineas, and skulls &om; iew Oninea Kmgua lroin 25 shillings to six guineas. A Skdeton t>f (be inoa wafi knocked own -at 48 guineas- Spears and boomerangs also -brought fancy prices HoldeRTof collecfions of native ctmo lfies have a toing «hat wUl"'in crease in Value every year. * •**• 