THE MAD ICING OF BAVARIA .A HOMANTlC SKOUKL TO A PICNIC. I Tlio Borliu correspondent of iho "Daily News" send, to his journal tho followiug story about tho unhappy King Otto of Bavaria : — " Last week mu-iviug mo uuiiwb uuiuiug lor ouino ilnysi although his uppotito is usually unuaturally gobu. lio soj/htil, wailed and scruutuod uninturruptedly fur hours and ovon became at times dnn- gotouB. Ouo morning his pliysiciiih aud a keopor cautiously pushed nsido tho heavy hrocudo fcurtnin which di- vldeB their bedroom from that of tho poor monarch, and found him, with tcurs running down hhtolieeks, gazing into a littlo silvbr caeb which thoy had often soon in a drawer, tlio koy bf which King Otto wore oil a fino stool chain round his book. A'b soon as tho King perceived that ho was wateh- od. ho turned rmfml nn.l nnittn/l un happily add naturally that tho doctor surprised, stoppbd Uoarer. Wearing tho same joyful expression the king oriod tb liim : 1 ObuntoBs I.. has passod a bolter night. Sho is haw out of daugor.' lib thbn carefully Icckod up tlio little sllvor h ox, Which cuntainod nothing but a foiv dribd strawberries and spent a very (pilot day. ilo ats enjoyed his dinner again. " In 1 807 thoro wis u merry picnic in a wood. Amongst tho ghosts was tho lovoly 17-yoar-old Countoss L., with whom tho young princo foil madly in lovo at first sight; Ho eat noxt to hor at lunch, puld hbr tho greatest attontion, and thou disnppnarod with lior into tlio woud. As tlio ytiilhg u(iu|mu tiiu not return, anu it wuh go' ting into, tho niothor of tliocniintesB, becauionnXioas, and soht mod sorvauto oiit ill ail directions. Thd cuipritd were found with thoir hats full of straw- horrios, which tlioy worouiorrilyoating. Tlio noxt momont thoy wore separa ted for ovdr. Pridco Olto iiont with tha King to Munich, and tho youthful countess was sent to tho Convent of MiBOricordo, wlioro slio has remained up to this day. During tho few days throi/ghout which tho king had sliowh such unfavorable symptoms tho girl whom lio had lovod in his youth was really lying dangerously ill in hor uuu. ouuiuiiutv or oiner — now is not stated — tho incurably ioBano monarch hud bocomo awaro of tho fact." Tboro is Bomething decidedly novel about dried strawberries being. used us tho equivalent of a gazing crjHtal of. tho Caglioslro typo, but thnt is what tho thing looks liko! 