Swedish Wojnea. HE : Latin -race,' says a celebrated author, 'is fe minine, even in its men — and the Anglo-Saxon race is masculine, even in its women.' In fact, the men of the Latin race are as nervous, impressionable, changeable, rand bright as women. Their manners, also, are as 'insinuating as woman's, and they can talk brightly even when they have nothing to talk about. . . .. But, as a strange contrast to these peculiarities, the Latin is a materialist, and the An glo-Saxon an idealist. The Latin considers life as a nassase of material plea sures; the Anglo-Saxon considers it as a school, with duty for schoolmaster. There are excep tions to these rules, we know, but these are the rules which distinguish the characteristics of both races. ' * » The Swedes, though not of pure Anglo-Saxon race, may be included within its limits, and some of their customs deserve mention. For instance, when there is a wedding, the bridegroom carries a whip in his hand, as a sign of his authority in the domestic circle. If there be even a whisper of scandal against the bride she cannot wear the vir ginal wreath of orange blossoms. The way a peasant-bride is adorned in Sweden is curious; all her friends lend her jewels, etc., which they hang on her head, neck, arms, hands, bodice, shoes, etc. Then a silver, ring is placed in one shoe and this becomes the property of the boy who is al lowed the honor of taking off the bride's shoes at night before the guests separate, and then'a per- . feet fight takes place between the married guests and those who are not married, who surround the bride to prevent the bridegroom taking the bride, which, of course, he eventually does, and then runs away with her like the 'conquering hero that he is.' A Swedish wedding usually lasts several days, and amongst the many -ceremonies is the planting of a fir-tree in memory of the day. The Swedish peasant rarely marries a girl not of hie own place. The Swedish peasant is simple, affectionatGi courteous, hospitable, and cheerful. The women's dress consists usually of a yellow woollen skirt, and an over-gown of white cloth, fastened at the head with black. A black collar encircles the neck, and a red apron covers the front of the skirt. A white cloth fiehu is draped on the head. The gala dress is richer in colors, and a red em broidered belt is worn round the waist. Married 5nd single women dress alike. A Swedish peas ant's house consists of two rooms, a kitchen and a baking oven, and the whole made of truuks of trees. The roof is made of branches of trees cov ered with mud. There are no bells or knockers to the door; everyone goes in freely, without ask ing permission. The first room that is entered is the sitting-room and dining-room, #and some times it is also used as a bedroom. The furniture consists of a large wooden table, chairs, and sev eral little sofas, which, joined together, serve as beds when needed. A large clock is always to be found in the room, and a chest of drawers. The floor is covered with branches of fir-trees. There is also a large fireplace, and when the fire' Is alight no candles are used. Next to this room ? is a second room, used only for sleeping and hang ing up the family's wearing apparel. Nearly every peasant's house has a little garden in which to grow cabbages, carrots, apples^ -elc .-. Trees, how ever, are rare in Sweden, especially in the North. Open fields are considered more beautiful than forests. In some places the dead are buried. in forests. Swedish peasants live on brown bread, cheese, butter, and salt beef and mutton. They do not like fresh meat or vegetables or potatoes. Their drink is light, home-made beer. They sometimes drink coffee, but only fashionable peo ple drink tea. As in Ireland, the family pig often shares the bedroom with his master. Doors and windows are rarely opened, even in summer time, and the people rarely undress on going to bed. They wash only once a week, on Saturday night ...... Like all Ignorant people of every country, the Swedish poor are very superstitious, especially in illness. For instance, corns are cured by some one telling the sufferer that some one is dead. The friend says, 'So and so is dead!' 'And my corns are dead,' says the sufferer. If anyone com plains of. any pain, and some one says, 'It's a lie!' the pain disappears at once. Spitting is supposed to keep away evil spirits, witchcraft, and ghosts. The first time an unmarried man* stands god father to a baby it must be a girl, and the firs^t time a girl stands godmother to a child it must be a boy, otherwise ~1-e will never marry. The wa- ' ter, which serves for. the baptism, is carefully kept to be used in several illnesses. Nowhere in-*, the world is the love for children eo great as Iii Sweden and Norway, especially in ? Norway. In - fact, the monotony, of existence, is relieved only by this love. Very little difference-exists between the Swedes and Norwegians in their customs— so little that they need not be mentioned. — 'Le Journal des Modes.' 