TUMBARUMBA. (PROM OUtt OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday. March 1. Hurrah I We have nad during the past few- days a most delightful change in the weather; and more precious still, though small, a nice fall of rain. I need hardly Bay that farmers nnd atockowners are in the seventh heavens of delight. Frugal house wives are busy tottiug up in prospect what amount they will ba able to save owing to this glorious fall of rain. uur local champions of the willow mot with a sad blow on Saturday at Glonroy, where they met a team of the latter place, and were defeated on the first innings by 98 runs. Shades of Hamlet's ghost ! Mr. Inspector Hook, of the Mines Depart ment, paid a visit to Paddy's River on Mmi day last to report on- two applications, for aid. Once more the king of terrors has visited our little town, taking on this ocoasion the head of a poor family, in the person of Mr. John M'Pherson, whom I regret to say left a wife and nine children totally unprovided for. I understand that we are to be favored during Bhow week with a visit from Mrs. Harrison Lee, the lady champion of the tem perance cause. Whilst on the matter of the show,. I may mention that the entries for farm produce and stock of various kinds are coming in rapidly. Should such prove to be the case, those who favor Tumbarumba during the ensuing week with a visic will have no cause to regret having done so. At the warden's court on Monday, in the adjourned case of George Heinecke, for leave to enter the enclosed lands of Geo. Wilson for ihe purpose of cutting a race, the Warden decided that, although the Act gave power to enter for prospecting .purposes, he did not consider he had tho power to grant the ap plication. The adjourned case of Grif fiths v. Thomas Mate was brought on and settled. Plaintiff not having sufficient evidence the case was dismissed, the Warden considering that the plaintiff should have had further evidence. In the police court on the same date, be fore the P.M.y Dennis Martin proceeded against John Storey for illegally impounding certain cattle alleged to be trespassing on Storey's land. The evidence, which was of a most conflicting character, tended to show that the fence between the parties, through which the cattle was alleged to have trespassed, was an insufficient; fence. The Bench fined defendant 10s., court costs 6s. 8d., witnesses expenses 10a., professional costs 10s. 6d. J. M. Edwards v. H'. Germer, claim for £2 17s. 6d. for shearing sheep. Verdict fer amount claimed, with costs 15s. 4d. Owod Pritchard v. G. W. Galvin. — This case was for illegally selling out of Humula pound a horse valued at £5. The defendant pleaded that he had not the full register of brands, and therefore made a mistake. Order made for amount (£5), with costs 27s. 2d. Small Debts Court.— Linah Singh v. H. Davia, claim for £1 8s. , goods sold and de livered. Verdict for amount with costs. Griffiths v. A. Bartholomew, claim for £2 8s. 5d., goods sold and delivered. Settled out of court. Thoa. Mate v. Thos Oakman, dis honored pro. note, £10 11s. 2d. Verdict for £10 10s,, with 5s. costs. The miners in general have been complain ing for some time past of the great scarcity of water for sluicing purposes. The majority of claims (alluvial) are idle, but no doubt that rain has fallen some of the miners will get a fresh start. 