"Ail's Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER XXIII. 1 And does that apply to mo,' she asked, sitting up to look at him with an on- chanting smile upon her lips. ' Is my mouth cruel V ' Not morh cruel than you are.' «I — I cruel? Dudley, explain your self. ' You know perfectly well what I mean,' the young man returned. ' You are breaking my brother's heart with your coquetries. And he is the best and dear - est fellow living !' 'But I don's coquet with him. You know that. You knew that I have refuser! to marry him again and again. AVluit more can I do? Would you have me marry him when I am in love with another man ?' ' Well, it's horrible to sec the way in which ho takes it to heart. His mother will scarcely recognise him when sho welcomes him to-morrow — if indeed Yernon thinks ho is strong enough to go. I've made up my mind upon one point — I sholl go with him, and not leave him until he is safo with the little mother." Franccsca gave him a strange look. ' I think you aro quite right,' she said. 'Indeed I have hoped all tlio time you would go with him to take carc of liiiu ; though Betty and I will be dull without you both. And, Dudley, have you noticed that Betty lias changed towards mo lately V 'She certainly doesn't seem quite as aflcctionato as she used to he,' Dudley replied, with some hesitation. ' llut I don't think it is fair to judge her just now. She has never been the same since aunt Margaret's death. She will take a long time getting over such a shock, coining on top of that ghost-seeing fit. But I hope she will get over it, and bo her bright little sunny self before long. I am very fond of that girl. I' 'Fond of her,' muttered Franccsca softly — 'yes, but not in the way she would like, you see I' ' What on earth do you mean V he asked, Hushing nnd knitting his brows. 'Surely you must see that the dear child fancies herself in love with you, and but for that she would marry that young Irishman ?' 'What abominable nonsense. I beg your pardon, Franccsca, hut it really makes mo angry to hear you say anything so silly. There isn't much trace of the love-sick maid about that dear, energetic, unselfish little Betty.' ' How dense you men are. Now a an would know the child's secret in a ent merely by seeing the way in she h she looks at you.' you please,' Dudloy said very ', ' we will not allude to this mistaken iii .1 if yours again.' ' -me would like to hear that a pretty i.r.ii dmrming girl was in love with t CI- "III- '- rue men are egregious asses. I tl.ii-' we shall see the fireworks very well II un here. Ah, there goes the first rocket, ir's timo to light our Chinese lanterns.' Lines of thin rope, attached to upright staves, had been arranged along the punt, and swinging therefrom wore man)' bright- coloured lanterns. Owing to Mrs. Bevels- worth's recent death, the young inen had not entered for the boat-dccorntion com petition, nor did their boats taken part in tho illuminated procession ; but Francesco had pleaded for 'just a fow lanterns,' and, as usual, she had her way. The evening wore on, bright lights and music everywhere, the showers of artificial fire breaking upon the silver-spangled sky almost with a desecrating touch. Or, at least, so it seemed to Dudley, into whose heart the gentle melaneliuly inseparable from a lovely evening 011 the river began to steal. The day had died in splendour, Hooding the boat- loads of chattering and laughing revellers with a crimson radiance, and the night air was full of a still peace- fulness. A strange foreboding crept into Dudley Revels worth's heart as lie looked up from the face of tho beautiful woman reeliniug upon the silken cushions at hi.' feet, with the light from tiie lanterns reflected in her jewel-like eyes, to the solemn Itcauty of the evening sky, stained now and ngain with gold and crimson streaks of artificial fire. Something new, something terrible, lie felt was taking place, some awful misfor tune was rushing upon one dear to him, That was tho warning which tho night breeze bore to liiin, and suddenly, with out any preamble, he put his fears intc words. ' Franccsca, wo must go home. Some thing is tho matter with Victor, He h ill — he wants me — I am suro of it.' Howassurpriscdund touched by the feel ing hiscousin showed. liaising herself upon her elbow, she stared at him for a moment with dilated eyes and a face from which all colour had for the moment lied. ' Oh, how cun you possibly know,' she faltered. 'Ho seemed -so much better when we left home ' ' He is worse now,' Dudley interrupted, almost curtly. 'Oh, Victor and I are liko tho Corsiean Brothers in that. I intuitively know when any great misfor tune threatens him. I am sorry to cut short your pleasure, Franccsca ; but we must go home at once.' Already ho was vigorously using his punt-polo and making his way from among the clustering boats. Franccsca did not attempt to detain him, but re mained for some moments in silence. "When sho spoke again, it was in accents tremulous with feeling. ' Dear, dear Victor,' she murmured — 1 1 would not for the world thut any harm should come of him ! I have been hoping so much from his journey to his mother 1 So often, in cases of consumption — " ' Consumption ! ' ' Yes. Surely you know lie was in con sumption ? I don't think Doctor Vernon has any doubt upon tlio subject. And Victor himself told mo that several members of his mother's family were con sumptive. ' Did lie ? That is curious ! Certainly he had an uncle, his mother's brother, who caught a fatal chill ' ' Exactly. But I can't help thinking that if we get Victor safely over to his mother, he will be saved. This is only a sudden superstitious fancy, born of your natural affection and anxiety, Dudley, as you will find when wo get home. I have little doubt that our dear Victor is at this moment wholly free from pain.' Pray Heaven he is I ' murmured Dudley, half to himself. Long afterwards lie remembered thces words of Francesca's — rcmombercd them with a heart whioh contracted in horror and loathing. But at the timo ho was touched by her tender speeches, by hor reiterated expressions of anxiety to ' get back to dear Victor as fast as possible,' and by her sympathetic silence, as though sho feared to trouble him with trivial talk 011 indifferent subjects when she know that his thoughts were with his beloved brother. Sunbury and Molesey locks were passed in the gathering night, lit by a crescent moon which cast a shimmering lino along the middle of tho stream, whilo the banks loomed darkly in con trast. And, as the punt passed out of Molesey Lock in company with a few other boats, gaily bedecked with flowers and lanterns and full of happy noisy young people of both sexes, a strange thing happened. Just where the main body of the stream joins the broad backwater that Hows below Queen Elizabeth's red- roofed stables — at tho identical spot where, three hundred years before, tlio stiffened corpse of Mistress Catherine Pcnfold was found, in bedraggled bravery of yellow brocade and pcarl-dceked hair, floating 011 tho title with her broken heart stilled for ever in death, a crouch ing figure, whether of man or woman they could not tell, stretched out, appealing hands and arms across tho water, and a cry rang out — a cry of human agony. ' Franccsca — Franccsca.' The despairing cry silenced the gay chattering revellers in the boats and struck an awful fear into Dudley's heart. ' It was your name,' he whispered hoarsely to Iris cousin. 'No — 110,' she cried, springing up in boat, almost as agitated as lie. ' It is impossible. There is no pathway along there— it is private property. "What arc you doing. AVith that awful cry still ringing in his ears, Dudley was making strenuous efiorts to reach the spot whence it lmd seemed to proceed. But the form lie hud dimly seen was gone, and, although lie passed with the punt closely along the banks, calling his brother's name, no answer was returned to him. ' Oh, Dudley,' sobbed Franeesea, ns, with a face blanched and distorted by terror, she bent towards him, ' for Heaven's sake, take me home. I cannot bear it — the shoek of that terrible scream wo thought we beard ' ' Thought we heard.' 'Yes -it was nothing real. It came from that, awful rustling thing that haunts our house. It was here she was found — don't you remember 1' — filiating in the stream 011 a winter morning cold and dead. All I Moil Dieu, what is that V ' I see nothing.' 1 Nothing. But I see,' she almost .screamed, with a hurst of hysterical laughter. ' There — there — close to our boat— the white face floating I The saints protect inc. Dudley, Dudley — save mo.' Franeesea sprang erect in the boat, and then had fallen, half swooning, at bis feet ; but for the moment lie bad , forgotten her. A11 icy terror held his heart fast and seemed to paralyse his . hands. 1 Fur his eyes had followed hers, and, there, floating upon the stream just beyond his reach, with white anguished face and blind eyes staring up into the | night, was the dead body of his brother. ' CHAPTER XXV. 'Sad Fatality at Molesey '--that was what the newspapers called it ; and "Found Drowned' was the verdict at the inquest which was of necessity held 011 Victor ltevelsworth's body. Out of resjiect for the family, the pro ceedings were brief and formal. Doctor Vernon's evidence amply proved the 1 weak state of health and nerves of his 1 late patient ; no one hud seen him leave 1 the house, and it was surmised that, in a feverish and light-headed condition, ho i had wandered to the water's edge, and, 1 slipping in, hail been drowned. I Francessa's grief was absolutely frantic 1 in its first nemoiistrations. AVhen she and Dudley discovered A'ictor's body, she bad s herself helped to lift it into the punt, \- and, after vainly trying to chafe the cold hands hack to warmth and life, she had \- east herself in an abandonment of grief \- upon flic corpse ; and, while Dudley > stared at her in tearless despair, she had adroitly contrived to extract from the \- dead man's breast-pocket its contents, i including a folded note and a tiny jewelled bonbonniere. These last she retained, doubtless in reverent memory i of the dead. Betty Mannington, for all her tender I heart, when she learned the il read ful news on her return home, showed none : of the effusive grief which characterised Franeesea, and mechanically produced from her pocket the missing key of the young men's rooms. No tear fell from i her eyes when, half an hour later, the maid Susan, sobbing, led her into the darkened chamber where A'ictor's body lay in tho massive curtained bed he had been wont to occupy. Franccsca was there already, kneeling by the bedside, a most dignified and tragic figure, with her golden head lowered, and clad in long black draperies. She rose on Betty'# entrance and came towards her, tears shining in her eyes. ' But Betty shrank back, and thrust out her hands to hold her off. ' Please don't speak to me or touch me,' she whispered. ' I can't hear it just now.' It was hut natural, of course, that tiiese successive shocks should have un nerved a girl of Betty's sensitive and affectionate nature I but Franccsca looked at her oddly before she resumed bur picturesque kneeling attitude. Dudley, on his part, was little more accessible in his grief than Bcrty. His love for his step-brother had been almost paternal, although but a fow years lay between them, and he recalled again and again with poignant sorrow for tho sunny and unselfish sweetness of Victor's disposition, iiis frankness and high spirits, and lii.s tender devotion to his mother and himself. Remembering him as he used to be, Dudley felt for tho moment that ho absolutely hated Franccsca for having come between I them, and for having excited so passion ate and so disastrous a love und longing ' in Victor's heart. 'If he hadn't met that woman, ho would bo alive now,' I10 told himself. ' Vernon says he must have been half dying when lie fell in the river, or being so good a swimmer, he would instinctively have saved himself. Half dying. And I wius out, letting I he woman ho loved make love to me. I cannot forgive myself or her.' After the funeral, on a dull wet August afternoon, with autumn already in tho air, when tho Kcvelsworth vault was re-opened so that Ariotor'H remains might lie near those of his aunt Margaret, Dudley came Kick to the darkened house with bent head and bowed shoulders, feeling ns if lie had buriod his youth with his brother, Tho streaks of silver in his curly brown hair had multiplied during the last few dreadful days and contrasted strangely with his ruddy skin. The thought which oppressed him like a nightmare was that the little mother must be still told. And how should he tell her J' Ho had already telegraphed to her that illness would defer his brother's visit; but how should ho break tho truth toiler? In her present state of health it would he doubly dangerous — for that she would be heart broken by such a blow ns the .sudden and tragic death of lier first born son lie knew 'well. All that lie could do would bo to cross to France ns soon as possible, and consult with her husband how I10 should best break the evil tidings to her. He let himself into the house and passed up-stairs to his room. Locking tho door, lie sought sonic relief for his fceli,ngs by pacing restlessly up and down, and while so engaged, his attention was attracted by a slight sound on the side of the door, and he perceived a folded note being inserted beneath it. It was from Franeesea, lie instantly decided, with a momenta')' feeling of irritation — Franeesea, whom lie bad scarcely seen or spoken to since his brother's death. He had purposely avoided her, taking his infrequent meals nt the house of Dr. Arernon, who seeing and pitying the young man's silent agony, had insisted upon taking him home with I11111, Mrs. Vernon being absent nt tho seaside. But now he had returned home, and after that journey to Paris lie must take up the threads of life at Hampton Court again — must face the woman whoso dangerous beauty had worked such havoc in his brother's mind, and must meet and strive like Betty — Betty who had nerved herself to tend the dead with gentle reverent hands, and whose pitying lips had been the last to touch A'ictor's iee-eold brow. 1 le found himself wishing, in his present state of nervous prostration, tlmt he could have lmd Betty with liini to impart the dreadful news to A'ictor's mother. Betty was so tactful and so kind. She always knew what to say and what to leave unsaid. .She was so like the little mother, and the two would lie such friends. Thinking thus, lie half absently stooped to pick up and open the folded note, and, to his surprise, lie found it was from Betty herself. ' Dear Dudley,' it began — ' I feel sure you will he going to Fnincq to tell the terrible news to bis mother. You cannot write it. But before you go 1 must sec you alone, and not in the house' — (these words were heavily underlined) — ' I have very much to say to you — tilings it will grieve me terribly to tell anil you to hear. But they must be told and told at once. I am going now to lock my room-door and slip out nt the back of the house to the Palace Gardens. There I will walk up und down Queen Mary's AVulk until you conic. T pray to Heaven you will not fail ine, for 1 have a dreadful responsibility weighing upon my mind, and, until you advise me, I cannot tell what I ought to do. " Bktty Mannincton." The contents of this note filled Dudley with astonishment. The tone of tragedy and of mystery which it breathed was so utterly unlike all ho knew of the writer that lie could hardly believe his eyes as tliev rested upon flic signature. The elaborate precautions which she meant to take to escape observation, and the heavy underlining of the injunction ' not in this house' especially puzzled him. Such a request coming from her, was not to be disregarded, and, little as lie felt inclined to talk, even with so sympathetic a companion as Betty, he was careful to lcavo her only sufficient timo to arrive at the rendezvous before hastening thither himself. It was on Friday, the one day on which tlio Palace is not open to the public, ami, the weather being bad, the grounds were wholly deserted save for an occasional ollicial. Queen Mary's walk with its roof of interlaced branches, beneath which tradition tells that James .Stewart's royal daughter wandered up and down in the long absences of her soldier husband, offered at least a protec tion from the drizzling rain 1 and, at the other end of the long green archway, as lie entered it, Dudley beheld the little girlish form of which lie lind come in search. Very pale and sad and startled Betty looked as she approached him. Tears were shining in her -soft hazel eyes, and there was something infinitely pathetic to the big broad shouldered young man in tlio girl's small, white, wistful face and thin childish figure in deem mourning. He drew her hand tenderly within his arm and laid his own upon it. 1 Tell ine dear, what it is that troubles you ?' ' D udlcy,' Betty began, in an agitated voice, ' J can't hear what I am going to do, It seems mean and treacherous of me. But all last night I dreamed of Mrs. Kcvelsworth. It seemed to me that she stood at the foot of my bed and said to me, ' Betty, you must tell the truth.' I would have spoken before, had they not declared at tlio inquest that Arictor was drowned. But since then, only last night, something else happened which inude ine certain you ought to be told.' 'Told, told wlmt l Betty, is it some thing about by brother Aletor?' ' Yes. Dudley, thero is something wrong, some dreadful mystery connected with Rovelswnrth House. I cannot understand it, und I am almost afraid to try.' 1 My poor child, yon aro trembling. Is it those ghost feurs upsetting you again ?' ' No, no — it is something worse, some thing real. I am so afraid of being missed from the houses ' — glancing nervously from one end to tho other of tho arched walk as sho spoko — ' and thoro is so little timo. One thing you must know first. That dreadful woman up stairs — ' ' Do you mean Francesca's mother ?' Dudley asked in some surprise. It was so unlike Betty to speak nnkindly of any one. I She is not Francesca's mother. Read this letter. I myself gave it into Mrs. Rovelsworth's hands 011 the afternoon of tho day she died. She never told 1110 one word of its contents, although I could seo sho was very much disturbed on reading it ; but sho made mo bring Franccsca to her as soon as she returned from London, and, after they had a long interview, Franeesea did not como down to dinner, and Mrs. Revelsworth wrote to her lawyer. That night sho died.' ' AVliat do you mean V ' Bead that letter.' Dudley read it, frowning twice through. Tho he gave it back to Betty. ' AVhcro did you find it V he asked. 'Between ho leaves of a novel Mrs. Revelsworth had been reading. Before I found it Franeesea had been hunting for it everywhere, nnd had offered a reward to Susan, saying it was a letter from Italy addressed to her. But thero was no otlior letter from Italy except this. ' Does Franeesea know you have it V ' No.' ' Is that why your manner has altered towards her ?' ' In part.' ' T knew she had bcon married before,' lie said thoughtfully. ' And, as to this old woman, I suppose it must bo tho nurse who brought hor up. This letter must have made Aunt Margaret furious.' ' So I think.' ' And then she wroto for Simpson to alter her will. By Jove.' He paled beneath his sunburn, and stared straight boforc liiin for a few moments without speaking. Then ho lurneii to Betty with abrupt suddenness. 'AVhut lias all this to do with my brother ?' he asked. ' On the day of his death A'ielor told me that Franeesea had promised to marry him 011 his return from France. But lie made 111c swear that T would never tell anybody that he had confided in inc. AVithin twenty-four hours, lie said, every one would know of the engagement.' ' She— Franeesea, promised to marry Victor.' Dudly exclaimed incredulously. ' AVliy, sho was always refusing him. Don't you think he must have beef light headed when lie told you so.' ' He was excited, hut I think lie know what he was talking about. It was when I went back from the regatta to see how lie was. And, Dudley, I have something more to tell you.' Tn low accents and with trembling lips she proceeded to describe to him minutely every incident wliieh had taken place, from the moment when she had entered the quid house in tho absence of the woman-servants,, to the time when she and Heremoii returned to lind Victor llown. And Dudley listened with frown ing brows and lightly compressed lips, drawing bis breath through his teeth as as she reached one point of her story, but never once interrupting her. ' Is that all 1' he asked in low lioarso tones, when she was silent. ' AH but this. Lust night Joe AA'eldon had evidently been drinking. He came to mein'u frightened maudlin state, and began talking in a confused way about the inquest. He wanted to know whether it would have made any difference to the verdict if the jury had known that, as soon as I had left the house that evening to fetch Mr. O'Mctiru from his inothcr'N house, Mrs. Harold Revelsworth rang for him, and told liiin to place instantly in A'ictor's hands a letter which Franccsca had left for him, and a little jewelled box of sweetmeats. Victor received them, and gave Joe a bright half-crown ; but J oe told me lie dared not- spend it, feeling almost that it was blood-money.' ' Blood-money I Merciful Heaven.' Tlie strong mail staggered and half fell against one of the trees which formed the avenue. ' Betty,' he said, turning upon her with II sudden passion, ' I don't understand this yet. But, I will I And if anyone has hurt my brother Arietor, by Heaven they shall answer for it to me. A life for a life.' Oh, Dudley, what is it you think? AVhat is it you think. AVhut is it you suspect !' T think nothing, I suspect nothing until I know. All we can do is to watch. At least that is all you can do. But there must be no suspicion of any under standing between us. And whatever line of conduct you see me take, you must not question, you imisl not wonder. I have a certain end in view, and I shall not be particular as to the means. Trust mc, leave everything and if yon feel suspicion or dislike of any one, tight it down, and don't show it in your manner. AVe must ho hypocritical if we want to cope with hypocrites, and inhuman if we liuvo to deal with monsters. And now, dear Betty, you must leave 1110 to myself. My bruin is 011 fire with an awful thought, and, if I am not alone to wrestle with it, 1 feel T shall go mad ? I don't want you or anybody to see me break down ; but, when I think of my brother — ' 1 le stopped abruptly, and taking leave of her with a little gesture, of tlio hand, lie strode away. Then little Betty, with her eyes dimmed by tears and hor heart full of the saddest forebodings, slowly made her way hack to the house of mourning. (to hi: continued.) 