OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, j [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] February 2, I am writing from the City of Dreadful Day. Personally, I would be much relieved 1 if you could read the title very rigidly in the singular, or confine it to its diurnal, as strictly distinguishable from its nocturnal, ; significance. But you can't do it or if you could it would not assist us in the least bit to dodge the most uncompromising reality. We should still have to grin and bear and when grinning was no longer a human possibility, we should still have to do the bearing is a thing absolutely and inevitable and unavoidable. It is not sufficient to speak of the heat as a matter of degrees Fahrenheit. Those look big enough when they go up step by step from 105 to 106 in the shade. But you have on occasions experienced this in Tasmania and survived, because you have a cool night during which exhausted nature is allowed to recruit itself to meet the strain of the ensuing day. We have had no such refreshing spell. The City of Dread- ful Day has been no less the City of Dreadful Night. 'Those who have gasped from sunrise to sunset have still gaBped on from sunset to sunrise, and have risen from perturbed sleep as an refreshed as when they lay down. We have yearned for rain, or for a cool wind from the frozen south with a great whole Lorded yearning, but instead we have had a fierce neither, with breath of flame or, in its absence a heavy atmosphere, so thickly laden with smoke as to have all appearance of a heavy fog, only that you know what it is by the way it gets into your eyes and lungs, recalling all your old experiences of beating out bush fires. Then the oppression has been terrific, and from the rising of the blood-red sun-rise to its mighty subsidence in an angry flame flood it has made you realise that plate in Tennyson's " Enoch Arden," in which, to alter only a word or two, he describes how the sun arose : To blaze upon the mountains to the cast. To blaze upon the city overhead, To blaze upon the waters to the west. Then the great stars that globed themselves in heaven, The Follower bellowing ocean, and again The scarlet shafts of sunrise-but no change. We have stood this, and are still standing it, restrained from playing ourselves over much by the strong tide of sympathy which Bets towards the poor Gippalandors, whose terrible plight is borne in on us by every smoke drift that comes surging densely in from the blazing forests of its thickly wooded wilds. A week ago it was hoped that the worst was overpast, as the first fires had burnt down, but the fierce wind from the north has again fanned the embers into flaming activity, and the country is all ablaze almost from the Otway to Cape Howe and back to the Dividing Range. The tale of disaster is heartrending, but the tale of pluck, perseverance, and quiet heroism in fighting back the fiery foe is a splendid one, worthy to be kept in lasting remembrance. Be lit said that our sympathy with the burnt-out Gippslanders has not spent itself in sighs alone, but has found expression in such liberal subscriptions to the relief fund that the Argus, which started the movement, cried, Hold 1 Enough, The Mayor's fund went over £2,500, and the Argus fund exceeded this by considerably over £1,600. Yet such are the amenities of Melbourne journalism that the Age deliber- ' lately elected to misrepresent the fact and discredit the community by quoting the figures of the Mayor's fund alone, rather than refer to the far larger sum which had been raised through the influence of its contemporary. ' This is the sort of thing which makes a man feel that somebody would be vastly improved by a liberal course of keel-hauling. What time and attention we have been able to divert from the bubbling mercury in the ever ascending thermometer we have devoted to the test match, and you would be surprised if you could realise what an overplus of popular notice set in in that direction. You might almost have heard across the Strait the wild whoop that went up when Trott won the toss on Saturday, but nothing less than close personal observation could have helped you to realise the suddenness with which the effervescence went off the sodawater of general enthusiasm and the extent to which the Australian phiz grew more and more elongated, as that historic " rot " set in. Think of it I Picture it I desolate dwellers under the shadow of Mount Wellington McLeod Iredale, and Gregory, three of the best bats in Australia, out for a gross total of 1 ! Then followed Darling, Noble, and Trott for a gross 23, and there was no more our left in the Melbournian tail than there is in a yard of pump water. Then it began to be realised that Clem. Hill the boy who only received a man's face as an act of grace-was stopping the collapse. The news of the stand that he and Trumble were making came up the city, and we went down in a solid phalanx. I never saw an innings more confidently and more skilfully played, and as the 50, 100, and 150 of his score went up we let ourselves go and shouted right lustily. It was just a pull out of the fire, and all done by " the infant. The Monday's collapse of the Englishmen was most unexpected, but I doubt if another game will ever again be played under like conditions on the ground. It was redhot, with a fierce north- in the morning, In the evening the breeze dropped, and a light southerly air came upon which drifted in smoke wreath on smoke wraith, like waves on a level shore, till you could hardly see the railway line, and the teams rushed through the breeze like fog phantoms. You couldn't watch the ball from the press box, and when after the follow-on Wainwright had gone for 2 an appeal for bad light was allowed, and the game was adjourned, yesterday atu not improve the English position much, and at this point (noon Wednesday) it looks like all Lombard-street to a chaney orange against our visitors. The interest in the match is well attested by the crowds in Collins-street before the Argus and Age offices. The im- pulsive are clustered out in the sweltering sun halfway across the road from the pave- ment ; the old stagers are on the other side, thronging kerb and footpath, looking, as they watch the numbers go up like crows on a fence rail waiting for their expected banquet to give up the ghost. Our Governor is putting up a record. Did you ever read of "Aurolia's Unfortunate Young Man," which his name was John Breckenridge Carruthers? Well, It is this gentleman's performance in the matter of doing himself personal damage which my Lord Brassey has undertaken to eclipse, Truly, for an elderly gentleman he has contrived to crowd more experiences into the half of a gubernatorial term than should last him for a decade. He had a narrow squeak of coming to signal grief in working the Sunbeam here from Colombo. He has twice had her on shore, and once disabled since ; he has been landed on his head from his bike ; he has broken his collar-bone in a fall from his horse, and his latest vagary was to go down in frock coat and silk hat between the Sunbeam and the picket boat in which he was boarding her, last Saturday. There was a nasty hobble on, and if he had come up just as boats surged together, not even a vice-regal skull could have Blood it. But a certain gentleman's children proverbially have their father's luck, and barring a bump on his pericranium, which it would have puzzled a phrenologist to have read right off, His Excellency was by next day not a bit the worse. It is, perhaps, fortunate that he is going to pay a visit to England in May, which may break the back, because he simply can't go on at this rate without his perverted ingenuity in the matter of damaging himself leading at an early date to the dislocation of his precious neck. Then his whole entourage seems, in this matter, to be seized with a spirit of emulation, Lady Brassey has broken a rib and run an imminent risk of losing her life in a carriage accident. Mrs. Freeman Thomas, Lord Brassey's daughter, came to grief off her bike in Tasmania, and altogether we feel that the family has done even more in this direction than can fairly be expected of them. They will certainly have any amount of anecdote as to Australian adventures to relate when they again renew acquaintance with the influences of civilisa- tion Mr. Ernest Lidgey, Assistant Government Geologist, leaves to-day by the Britannia to take up his appointment as mining expert in London. His duty is to give all information with respect to the Victorian mining industry and prospects, but he is specially enjoined to refrain from booming any special field or show. It is expected that much good will result from Mr. Lidgey's mission. Within the last hour there has been a marked fall in temperature. The atmosphere is still as heavy as a bullock driver's Jhonnyoake, but the glass stands at 37deg., and we are gasping a little less laboriously. I ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or con- stitutions.:;. Grave), and Pains In the Back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in boxes, is 6d, each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine vendors. Sole Proprietors, THE LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES Daua CO, Lincoln, England. 