NOTES AND COMMENTS. Two of the great racing events of the year are now bracketed amongst the things which belong to the past. The Newmarket Handicap and the Australian Cap have been disposed of, and the people who are always wise after the event are now at liberty to trot out their never ending stock of lies and excuses. A rather shabby joke was played upon a Coolgardie mine manager over the Newmarket. He had followed the Wilson stable without faltering, and had planked his coin down heavily on the unreliable Resolute, and he stood to annex quite a little pile. Naturally he was anxious about the result and managed to have business in town just about the time the news was expected through by wire. As he moved towards the telegraph office he was met by a well-known sporting star shark, who has a weakness for cheap jokes with drinks to match. ' Hello Captain, heard what won the Newmarket ? No, have you ?' ' Yes, Resolute in a cantor.' Then that mining man tilted his hat right back over one ear, slipped his thumbs into the arm holes of his vest, and straightway began ,to orate about his own cuteness in backing Resolute, and very shortly he found himself the centre of a grinning crowd, wbo 'tumbled' very rapidly t6 the joke, and plied him with queries concerning the source of his infallible information. ' Who gave you the tip, Cap ? * ' Tip—gave me a tip ! No one, sir ; not|a carmine soul. I followed him on his form, sir, followed him on his form: and can't understand why you fellows didn't do the same. Any man with enough knowledge of racing to help him tell a horse from a hatrack ought ter have known the Newmarket was a gift to Resolute. I make a study of horse racing, I do ; just the same as I do of raiding, no luck about it, noi; a d bit, it's science, sir, science ; but this i6 dry work, come 'nd 'ave er drink.' And the whole tribe trotted in to the pub at his heels, and drank long life and good iuck to the sport of kings, whilst the Cap beamed on tbem with a patronising smile that made his red face look like a pink petticoat on clothes-line iD the sunshine. At this stage a party who w as not in tbe know entered the bar and began cursing Amiable, the real winner, and all that pertained to her. Then lightentered into the soul of the mining man, and he knew he had been badly bitten, and his head began to shrink so fast that his hat fell down over his ears on to his shoulders, and it was only because he wore braceB that he did not fall right through his clothes, as a small thirsty voice from the back of the crowd asked him if he ' still intended to follow form.' * * » * The ways of the racing man and the racing tout are as hard <o follow as the footsteps of a married man out on a midnight mash, and many a battle royal is fought between the astute owner and the equally astute tout, The other morning at dawn an owner appeared on our track hoping to give i couple of horses a gallop ' against the clock.' Of course, he wantel that little seance all to himself, but was chagrined to notice the face of a well-known bookmaker peering over the rails, early as it was. At last he hit upon an expedient which he thought would meet the case. One horse was despatched upon his journey, and out came the watcher's ' clock.' A moment later the other ned iy was shot off on his mission. When the owner and trainer came down the track his face wore a grin of triumph broad enough to drive a tandem team on, but the grin faded like a forest flower that a sow camel has slept on when the bookmaker held out both hands and showed a watch in each. The man of the pencil had been there before, and had gone out that morning prepared for such an emergency and so he got the full strength of the second trallop, though he says he does not place unbounded faith in the first, for the owner knew he was timing that one but fancied he bad got away with the second in good shape ; but he hadn't. that reminds us of a trick that was worked off on a sporting scribe who is now one of the big gunB of the earth. The place was the old course near Adelaide, and the horse was Handover, a famous sprinter in the southern colony. The morning: before the battle Handover was to do a clock-breaking gallop, and the go was kept religiously secret from all except the stable and a certain Hebe in one of the bars who was well known to be on love's sweet terrace pretty often with the scribe before mentioned. Of course' she' told the writer, just as the trainer knew she would, aud he was on deck when the trial came off, Just before the boy on Handover let his head go the trainer jerked his elbow against tbe scribe's wrist and sent his watch flying four yards away, which accident (?) caused the tipBter to use language of a natnre not often heard in Holy Adelaide, winding ,up by threatening to punch the trainer's head first and prosecute him afterwards. The latter said he didn't mind taking his chance about the punching, but he barred tbe police court proceedings, and offered to lend the scribe his own watch to time the gallop, this by way of a peace offering, so they shook hands upon it, and the trainer gave the signal and the jockey sent Handover on his trial trip, and he rode the old horse right out. When he passed the post both the scribe and the trainer consulted the watch, and both agreed that the horse had no chance to scoop that pool, and tbe scribe went back to the city *nd wrote Handover down as 'ont of the hunt at the weights.' Yet on the Saturday the old brown gelding romped home tw<£ lengths in front of everything in recora-iiajfe. and thanks to the criticism of the journaustp he paid a big dividend in the tote. The trainer's watch had been cooked by an expert jeweller especially for the benefit of the tipster, and he was amongst the crowd who had to handover after the race. We don't know how much truth there is in this story, but repeat it for what it is worth. It is reported that at the last race meeting at Kaigoorlie a visitor loBt his portmanteau amidst the dust on <he lawn in front of the grandstand, and failed to recover the same. A couple of days back a tout, who was timing a gallop by a horse notorious for being a ' dead un,' heard his dog howling, and looking round saw the animal scratching vigorously in the dust. Be went over, and found the long lost portmanteau, which upon being opened, was found to be full of disinfectant. We are unable to cay what connection there was between the contents of the bag and the equine ' dead un.' Needless to say, the dog belongs to a Sunday school teacher, » thougb » the hoise does » not. Several of the gentlemen who in boom times used to write glowing reports for com- pany prospectu«es. and boldly, but impudently, signed mining engineer at the end of the surname, are still upon the field. One is qualifying for the title he once 60 glaringly usurped by napping metal for the Menzies railway contractors, another dispenses ladies' underwear in a shop in one of the outer towns, and another carts water for a condenser. We mourn the mining engineer, The mining expert too, But most we mourn the halo That crowned the lying crew. Harpoons instead of halos Will greet them down below, When they're shifting coals in Hades, Where all fake experts go. Lord, give 'em dust and ashes, Lst 'em have it by the ton, 'Nd hunt 'em round the sulphur springs For » the evil * they have » done. * A razor-edged retort comes from London, It is one of those good things which carries one backwards in fancy to the epigramatic days of Dr Johnson, aud it would not be hard to imagine it falling from the pen of the famous Sheridan himself. OLe, Gwellym Crow is musical director at Covent Garden Theatre, London, Mr Crow besides being a musician, is also something of a lecturer, with a very pronounced weakness for theological controversies. A short time back Crow was airing his eloquence on the divinity of Christ at the Savage Club, and be did not trouble hirnstlf to keep to language of the mildest order. He even went a bit far in the other direction, and hurled epithets around in a most profuse manner, epithets tbe reverse of complimentary to the founder of the Chris' tian faith, for Mr Crow prides himself upon being an atheist of the atheists. On this particular night a cynical journalist, named Lee, well known in circles Bohemian, was amongst Crow's audience, and next day he published the following couplet which sent the tall feathers of the Crow wrong edge up in a hurry :— We hear, in language highly spiced, That Crow does not believe m Christ, There's another thing we'd like to know, Whether Christ believes in Crow ? Colonel Angelo, who is in charge of Rottnest Island, has been rubbing it into the Premier, and he has also made . red-hot charges against Mr Oct. Burt. Rottnest is the classic spot where our nigger and some other convicts are placed for safe keeping, but they are not too safely kept, and if the colonel speaks the unadulterated truth, the wonder is that the whole gang has not skipped out long since. The colonel alleges that he has only chree warders to guard eighty prisoners, and be and his guard have not a single round of ammunition amongst them. If the whole of the nigger felons on the island are of the same calibre as Cockroach and (Charley, the two'coons'who recently boitecl from that healthy but limited resort, we wonder that the officer and his men have not been scalped long ago. It's a fool trick anyway to put three unarmed men to guard eighty;the odds are a bit too heavy, « * . * Judging by all accounts, the colonel is a bit of a character in his way. He is said to hold the opinion that the niggers of this country are the direct descendants of Din, who is mentioned pretty freely in the Old Testament. We were not in any way acquainted with Dan—he was a back number before our time ; but if the W.A. 'coons' are his lineal descendants, and if he was in any way like them, we are rather glad than otherwise that he was not upon our visiting list. We don't just grasp how Colonel Angelo manages to run the pedigree of the niggers back to Dan of sacred memory, nor do we incline to the opinion that the aforesaid Dan would feel too grateful for the colonel's efforts if anyone were to go to Palestine and dig him up and galvanise him into life again. Bat the colonel does not stop at - tabulating pedigrees; in his last annual report to the Government he brought forward the very interesting fact that the Island of Rottnest produced all the 'caBtor oil' required by the inhabitants. Hepf we possibly have the flan! officer's powers over the ^nlntgjgclgavage. He had no firearms, and (Wernment would allow him no ammunition, but a few doses of castor oil, especially home-made oil, would do more to cow a savage, or a white man either, than all the gunpowder that ever left England, especially if it was served * up • regularly * between * meals, This reminds us of an incident of pioneer life on this field. In the early days there was a streak of black trash knocking about Coolgardie, named 'Club- foot,' who had a nasty knack of lifting anything portable that he could lay his hands upon around a camp. One morning a chemist caught him looting his tent, and the man of pills got a bank clerk to hold the dusky robber whilst he mixed him a draught. It looked harmless enough, and tbe native swallowed it without winking, but he winked all over in less than four minutes, for it was a dose of croton oil he had digested, and when we next saw ' Club Foot,' he was so thin that you could take liim up by the bead and the heele and shut him up like a schoolboy's pocketknife, only there wasn't half as much spring in him. He was never known to loot a tent afterwards, » * * * Pretty nearly everyone remembers Sims Reeves, the famous tenor singer. But not many people out this way know that he has a son. The 'old man' had a marvellous voice ; he also had a leonine head of hair, which he used to allow to wave over his shoulders. His son, Herbert Sims Reeves, has also taken to the boardsasa tenor singer ; but he has a wretched voice compared to the clarion-toned voice of his dad. However, he has a head of hair just eimilar to the old boy's, and he is using it for advertising purposes ; in fact he is trying his level best to look like his father, though lie will never be able to sing like him in this world, and this idea has evidently got into the head of a bard who scribblcs jottings for a journal published at Newcastle-on-Tyne, for after hearing Reeves, junior, he wrote— Young Herbert Reeves to the hall ha? come, In the tenor ranks you'll find him, His father's ' hair' he hath girded on, But the voice he hath left behind him. What the deuce we are going to do with our boys is a question that must be troubling a lot of Australian dads who have more heirs than they have fortunes for. It's no use making a boy a doctor of medicine, for the old landB and America are turning medicos out as hens in a poultry farm turn out chickens, and there will soon be more medicine men than sick folk. The same thing applies to architects and lawyers; as for the church, why already there is an unseemly scramble for almost every vacant pulpit. Trades don't seem much good to put boys to nowadays. Look at 'comping.' A few years ago it was a good tr%de for a lad ; now the linotype is killing it, and the army of youngsters just on the outer edge of their apprenticeships will have to hustle to eke out an existence before they need a razor for their chins. The same thingapplies to nearly every branch of mechanics. Just to give an idea of the ovet crowded state of the legal profession in England .we will quote a statement that is now appearing in one of the most reliable migaz>nes published in the old country. The story is vouched for by % Q.C., who is also an itt.P., who recently received a leiter from an old college friend, which told a useful story of a stranded life. Th« Writer had teen called to the Bar, and had hung on for nineteen weary years fighting fate. How he had eked out a living during those grisly years ooly he and his God could tell. But he had kept going somehow, hoping to win fame and fortune in the long run, for at college he had proved that he possessed exceptional abilities, and after being called to the Bar he had plodded along steadily, waiting, but waiting vainly, for briefs. He had no rich relatives, no influential friends, and had to eat his heart out in the background whilst men of no ability, but with plenty of friends, went up the ladder of success rung after rung, and left him stranded ait the bottom. He wrote like a broken- heartel man wbo had grown weary of the one-sided battle, and was ready for the end. HiB friend immediately Wrote back, sending pecuniary aid, and later on called at the poor lodgings to find the unsuccessful friend of his college days. - At his knock, a woman, evidently a lady, in spite of the too evident signs of poverty in her dresB, opened tbe door. He asked for his old chum. Only a burst of tears answered him, and then the woman, his friend's wife, beckoned him into the lonely room, which had been living room and bedroom, and was now the death chamber, for stretched on a wretched pallet, dressed in the wig and gown of a barrister, lay all that remained of his friend, and in his cold right hand he carried a roll of foolscap. Tbe visitor looked at the widow, dumbly seeking an explanation, and she answered his mute inquiry by saying, : Your help came too late, sir; he died this mornine, and just as he was dying he a6ked me to dre-s him as he now lies.' ' And tbat roll of paper." asked the visitor, ' what does that represent ?' ' Ti^at,' said the sobbine widow, was the only brief he received in nineteen long 1 years of waiting, an i it came to him as he lay gapping his life out. It may have been the turning point in his fortunes, but it came too late." « * * • Tbe mad rush wliich set in towards Klondike a few months ago seems to be petering out. The general public seems to be getting its head in the ice bucket once again, and it is just as well that it is so. Klondike may turn out to be a pretty good goldfield, but up to date there is nothing to warrant such a supposition except the very tall bragging if the American Press, and many a rash adventurer will live to curse the day he paid any attention to the wild and woolly yarns published by the sensational newspaper syndicates whose hunting-ground is Yankeeland. Our advice to goldfields residents is to go slow, wait patiently for the turn of the tide in the affaire of the government of this country, and Coolgardie will pan out a lump better than Klondike. * * • * An amusing little scene took place at the railway station just prior to the starting of the train which was to land Coolgardie folk is Kaigoorlie in time for the races. A gentleman, whose baptismal title need nut be here repeated, bade his wife an unusually affectionate adieu when leaving home for the , office,* aud incidentally remarked that he would not be home to lunch, and might possibly miss his dinner as well, as he had a very important bit of business on hand which might claim his attention. The wife smiled, and gave bim to understand that she believed him fully ; but as soon as he disappeared from the domestic hearth she climbed into her holiday attire and made her way to the railway station, and waite-l. Shortly before the train left the husband hustled into the station with something feminine on his arm. He secured two first-class return tickets, aud made for a first-class carriage without noticing the lady in waiting, but suddenly that young person asserted herself by stepping up and placing her gloved hand on his arm, whilst she gave him a smile that ought to have made him feel happy ; (but it didn't. ' Jump in, Charley ; quick, or we'll miss the train. I felt so lonely at home, and as I fancied your business might take you to Kaigoorlie by thiB train, I dressed and came along just to give you a pleasant surprise.' Not by word or look did she betray any knowledge of the proximity of the ' privateer' who had arrived with her husband, and the latter, scenticg the battle from afar, steered for another carriage and allowed ' hubby' to escort his legal tender on the pleasure anting. It was as neat a bit of cutting out . as one would wish to see, no fuss, no scene, no tears, but the Lord only kaoweth what sort f i time the male who had tried to sail out n under letters of marque had when be arrived home Wednesday nieht. He had to settle up matters within four walls with nowitnesses. * * * ' * It may be jolly with the privateers, And smuggled pleasures may be full of fun, But you're apt to look a simple sort of fool, When you have to haul yonr anchors up and run. A pretty pirate often takes the eye, If she is clipper built 'nd snug, But a broadsider from regular sloop of war, May make * you feel * a matrimonial * * tug. Before the team of English cricketers, now in Australia, had left their native land to journey out this way to teach the colonials how to play cricket, the ' Strand Magazine' interviewed most of the best cricketers and cricket experts in the old country with a view of ascertaining the names of the best combination of amateurs and pros that Great Britain could put into the field to meet any invader. This is the team that was picked with wonderful unanimity: W. G, Grace, Abel, Richardson, Eanjitsinghi, Briggs,. MacLaren, Peel, F. S. Jackson, Townsend, Stoddart, Storer. * * « » Nearly every man whose opinion was Bought placed W. G, Grace in the front of all of Englands great batsmen, so that the 'old man' must even yet be a terror to bowlers. It is curious to no e that the eleven that has just been crushed by Australians only contained six of those players considered by English experts as the very cream of the Old Country's talent, viz. MacLaren, Storer, Ranji, Briggs, Stoddart, Richardson, and on present form only three out of that halfdozen would be picked in an All England eleven against an Australian team playing in England, so we muBt not feel too confident concerning the deeds ' our boys' will achieve •when next they start to hunt the lion on his own greensward. We needn't start to twist the lion's tail Until we've whipped him fairly in his lair, Or, when we go to carry home his hide, It's on the • cards * that we » may lose * our hair. A new element has crept into the farcical Adelaide Hospital row. The parsons have decided to take a hand, and they now declare that the Government deserves censoring over the matter. Great Scott 1 When will we hear the last of this old girls' squabble 1 Why, any dozen old women, over an afternoon cup of tea with a dash of something ' spiritual' in it, could have wiped tbat affair out. But here it comes along again like the ghost ot the first of the Pharoah's playing leap- frog at the foot of the pyramids. They pray for rain in the sunny south, When it rains they pray for heat. They should pray to God to shift their brains- A bit higher than their feet. ' Le Temps' declares that France has taken effective possession of the greater portion of the territory included in the triangle from, thb meridian of the Niger to Say and the ninth degree of latitude. 