Religious The Lame Take the Prey. By F.B. MEYER, B.A. "The tacklings are loosed; they could not well strengthen their mast, they could not spread their sail; then is the prey of a great spoil divided; the lame take the prey. And the inhabitant snail not say, I am sick ; the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity."—ls. zxxlii. 23, 24. There is a great hymn by Wesley, one of the greatest hymns in our language, 'Which begins—" Come, O Thou Traveller . unknown." The closing stanza runs : — Lame as I am, I take the Prey, Hell, earth, and sin, with ease o'ercome ; I leap for joy, pursue my way, And as a bounding heart fly home , Through all eternity to prove Thy nature and Thy name is Love. . There you have my text. " Lame as I am I take the Prey." A long, long while that baa puzzled one, why the Prophet should say, " The lame take the prey." Our experience of human life goes to show that feme people always come off second best. If a man is lame hi his power of calculation, and cannot eapily count up columns of figures ; If he is lame in his cali graphy, if he is lame In his memory, and cannot easily recall names and faces ; if he is lame in the power of touch, and can not detect the difference between two ap parently Identical fabrics ; if a man is lame in any faculty, he is crushed to the wall in the busy rush of human life and arrives at the end of the crowd to take the leavings of the rest. In human life a man who is lame anyhow misses the prey, misses the spoil, misses the prize. But in Qod's world, in God's book, In God's dealings with men, '• The race is not to the swift, or the battle to the strong." Weakness has a fascina tion for God; and those who have lost everything that this world can give often come off best with our Heavenly Father. I cot an illustration of this the other day. I came into the house of a" workman, a smith, one of the strongest men in the neighbourhood, one whose closed fist could fell any man. He had an ailing child. A little, puny thing lay and cried in the cradle. /There was no chance to rear it ; it must die. And he came In from his smithy—a strong, brawny man, with black hair. And I tell you that child dragged that man down to the level, and its poor, weak, puny frame was able to do for that strong man what the strongest in the vil lage could not—it could fell him ! There must be some modification in the doctrine of evolution before I can, at least, accept It. The doctrine of evolution teaches that the race is to the swift and the battle to the strong. We find the very antithesis of this in the grace and love of Ood. In His grace it is not the strong who win, but the weak get the prize of life. When the text was written the land was In a great agony. Sennacherib, with two hundred thousand of the fiercest soldiers who ever drew swords, was crossing the Northern frontier of Palestine, intent on the capture of Jerusalem. " The Assyrian came down like a wolf on the fold." The whole city was just in the agony of a panic. "Like some lame thing." The only man who kept a level head was Isaiah. And Isaiah said, " The Lord is our judge, the Lord is our law-elver, the Lord is our King ;H« will save us." Jerusalem is like some lame thing, like a bird with broken wing, Tike a child that limps with difficulty ; but she shall not only be saved, she shall take the spoil of this invasion. " Then is the prey of a great spoil divided : the lame take the prey." And now how did that come ? Imagine, in one of the great palaces of Mount Zlon, one afternoon, a little gathering of the lead ing men of the ctly, men in solemn con clave. One says to another, "There was a very near thing this morning ; I thought they would have been over the wall where I was. It took us all our time to hurl them back." Says another, " Where I was they had a battering-ram. I tell you, it came -with such force against the old wall, (Which I thought would never yield, that I thought in another moment it would be de stroyed." " Yes," says another, " where I was they were burrowing under, and I was afraid they would make their way un der the walls into the city, and we were just able by countermining to stop them." v Yes," says a fourth, " I tell you, one of the greatest mistakes ever made was to build the city up here amongst the hills. Thebes has a hill, and Babylon and Euphrates. But here -we hiave nothing be tween us and the walls, nothing to keep them at bay, and we are at the mercy of an escalading party possessed of Instru ments of war. If we get through this, I shall advise Hetekiah to move the city down to Jericho, where we shall have the river between us and the invaders." Just at that moment, with his heavy tread, Isaiah comes down a long corridor, and he over hears that last Bpeech, and he bursts out t " A river ! never let me hear you say that again ; a river ! We don't want any river. The glorious Lord will be unto us a place Of broad rivers and streams ; wherein shall go no galley with oars, neither shall gallant ship pus thereby. If you saw what I see, you would see all around these walls of Jerusalem something more safe, more secure, more prevalent than a river could ever be. I tell you, the glorious Lord Is a place of broad rivers and streams." It sometimes is a good thing to be with out a river, so that we may learn what God can be. People who have got rivers do •without the Almighty; but the riverlesa people are those who lean hard upon Him. Let me explain what I mean. There may be a woman here to-day who, when she was a girl of 17, stood by her mother's bedside, her dying bed. And the mother said to die daughter, " I am dying ; but I leave in your care these boys and girls. Will you stay at- home and mother them ? Will you stay till they are gone out and have homes of their own ?" " Yob, mother." " Then I die happy." And ahe is housekeeper to the father and mother to the boys and girls. Presently a lover comes and offers her love. She sayß, No, I have a great work to do, end I cannot como to you. Another comes, but goes, and she stays quietly with those boys and girls until they grow up, and the girlß get husbands, and the boys go to homes of their own, and tha father dies, and her hair'is streaked with gray, and she Ib become elderly. No human love will come to that woman'b life now. As she sits in the gallery and looks acrdss the church on the Sunday, she sees sitting there in the pews beneath the gallery a woman who played with her in the village school, and she has got a husband and child. Sometimes she just chokes. Is that woman here to-day ? You have no river of human love, but I tell you the glorious Lord will be to you a place of broad rivers and streams. Just what you lack has been per mitted to come as a great void in your life to reveal what Qod can be to the child desolate soul. There may be some young man here who went early to the mill longing for educa tion, longing for training, but compelled to keep steadily to the work to maintain a widowed mother and family. And that boy is come to this place to-day. Ho has always wanted to be a minister; he has always bad a desire to go forth to teach and to preach to the people. But he feels he cannot, and he wishes he might. There is a limitation ; he has never been properly educated, and he has to content himself with the cottage meetings, the local ser vices. Young friend, you aro without the river of human learn in s- I want you to understand to-day, the man who has got least of all can make the most of God. Learn like the Apostle to g'.ory in the in firmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon you. When we are weak, then we are strong. It is "to the weak He-in creaseth might." It is to those who have no power of their own He gives power. It 1b the lame who take the prey ! If you nave not everything that other men have, you shall complete your need from God. See how this applies to our own life. " The lame take the prey." First put the stress on the word " lame." We need to become week before we can take. You re member how- it was with Jacob. Jacob ■thought himself strong—so strong that he could wrestle with an angel and prevail. As long as he did so, and did prevail, he received nothing from the hand of God. It was necessary for God to reduce him to the position in which he might be saved. Put ting forth His hand He touched, the sinew of his thigh. And when he was in danger of falling to the ground, and only steadied himself by catching with his arms around the angel's neck, when ho had been reduced to weakn«ss it was that the angel bent over him and said, " Thou hast power with Gcd and man, and hast prevailed"; and he blest him. A good many need to pass through long and bitter experience, a withering of human life, paralysing of the right arm of their strength, the decay of natural power, the being broken and helpless as a bruised reed and a piece of smoking, flax, that they may find all they need in God. Is not that the reason of God's dealing with you ? You are not the man you were five years ago. You know perfectly where the decay is at work in your nature, in your fortunes, in your homes, and you are come here to?day almost In despair. You never were nearer the Source of strength than you are to-day. If God has got you down on the knees, If God has got you on the very dust, if you can say to-day, O God, I am a worm and no man, then it is the Sternal God can lay hold upon you, and take the worm to thresh the -mountains, and make the hills as chaff. In our weakness we prevail with God. Let us get to the end of ourselves and begin with Him. Now, the stress on the word " take." If you and I went home together presently you might say, "I am going to seek it, the blessing you spoke of ; I am going to pray for it." I should not be at all surprised if I should turn quickly upon you and say, My friend, you have prayed long enough ; you have already prayed too much. Prayed too much ? What do you mean, Blr ? If you have a little child, rosy cheeks, * hearty little thing coming down in the morning when breakfast Is ready, and the bread and milk on the table ; but mother Is not come yet, being upstairs with some other child ; the father and the child are there together, and the child says, Father, I'se hungry ! You don't say, Go upstair* and scream for an hour, and then come downstairs and have your bread and milk. No man says that to the child in the house. You say, Child, there it is, take your chair, «nd you put the child in it, and say, Say your graces and then start. "If you being evil know how to give bread and milk to your child, how much more shall the Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask." Asking ! There is the askinc that ex pects and that takes, that receives. All through the New Testament the word used in reference to the Holy Ghost is re ceive—receive the Holy Ghost. I asked a man once, when there was the most electricity In the world; in the days of Krng Alfred or of Queen Vic toria 7 After a little -while he said, There ts more electricity in the world to-day than there ever was. But I said, My friend, there was as much electricity in the world when Adam was in the Garden of Eden as there is in the world to-day, only Adam did not know how to draw it from the clouds, the atmosphere, the world of Nature. Science has taught us how to receive that which heaves and throbs around us. We 'do not need to go to heaven begging, but we should take the power. The Holy Ghost Is present, and all we have to do is the sim plest, the humblest—we are to «o to our Father and take. Whan I began to preach I thought all jbod'a best things were on the tail shelf, fend when I got very good I should be able to reach them down. Now I find all tho best gifts are on the low shelf, that the babes can get at. And it is only when we |beoome as little babes, only when we be come simple, natural, and our stiff backs Ket bent that we get low enough to take Ctod'a benefits. Don't pray as if they were a long way off. In this moment open the (heart to Jesus ac He breathes upon thee, land saya, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost." He will breathe upon you, and you will (eel His breath on the cheek, and He will *ay to you, " Child, the ship's come to the .•wharf ;go unlade." The blessing will be In the envelope on the breakfast-table ; .open It. The gift is here ; receive It. You may now, according to the measure of your capacity, receive the spoil. Receive it, ap propriate it, and then go away and use it for the glory of God. " The lame take the prey." 