Sermon. Doom of Sectarianism. By"tub Rev. Br. Talmags. '• Let every man be fully persuaded in hi* I ■wn mind."—Humans xiv. a. There hud been a hot discussion upori the Hubjvct of dietetics. There were some vegetarians in Paul's day wlio thought it wu.' right to eat- nothing, hut herbs; others thought that men ought to be unlimited in their choice of food. Bctweeu these two parties there was u collision. Paul comes into decide the matter, and says, ** Now let this quarrel stop. You men who want to eat herbs, eat herbs. ..You men who want to be unlimited in your choice of food, be unlimited iu that choice. Your own consciences must de cide the matter. 4 Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.*" That is the coiuiectiou of the text, and it lays down a principle applicable to numerous cases of conscience. Th-: religious world is divided into u great variety of parties and sects. Sonic ot them were established by good men, and some by very egotistic men, and some by very hud uieu. Between some of these there is only a difference of words ; between utlu-r* there is a difference as wide n* between truth and error, between light und darkness, between heaven and hell. While oar conscience . will uot allow ^ us to choose some of these beliefs, we must allow to others the liberty of conscience which wc demand for ourselves, remembering that they no more differ from us thau we d.ffor from them. . I wish to advocate the very largest liberty iu matters of religious thought and discussion. Iu all questions ol art, and social life, aud politics, and religmu, let there he no intolerance, no moving of the previous question, no gug law, no persecu tion. You know that the air aud the sen keep pure by constant circulation, una there is a tendency iu religious discus sion towards purification and moral heutth. X am uot afraid that, in this contest between truth and error, truth will be worsted. X am not afraid of error it we place close beside it the truth. Let error run !. urged ou by sceptic's shout and traiiseeudeutalist's spur, let it run ! God's augels of wrath are iu hot pursuit, and quicker *thau eagle's* beak clutches out a hawk's heart, God's vengeance will tear it to pieces. Lei it run, if you oniy let truth run -along with it. Iu this great light between right and wrong, the right will conquer as surely as that God is stronger thau iuc devil. The church never lost auythiug by generosity, aud wc cannot have our own rights of reli gious belief respected uuless we respect the rights of those who differ Irom us. I thank God that men do not all think alike ou all religious subjects. You caunui sue through my eyes; 1 cauiiut hear through your ears. No man shall lord it over our consciences. You may have heard of a king wlio had a great deal of trouble with liis subjects, lie was afterwards imprisoned, and, to while away the time, he made watches aud clocks ; and after he had made them, he iried to make the watches tick alike, aud, all the clock* strike alike. Of course he luffed. Then he said to himself, " What a very foolish king 1 was1 It" X could not make all these watches tick alike, how could I expect to make uli my subjects think alike r" • _ 1 propose to speak of sectarianism—its causes, its evils, aud its cure. Men have tried to make us believe that this monster with horns and hoofs is religion. Wc shall trv to hunt it down, and drag it out of the caverns of darkness, and rip off its bide. Distinguish between bigotry aud lawful pre ference for any religious belief or form. 1\. In the first "place, sectarianism often starts in wrong education iu the home circle. There arc good people who educate their children iu the wrong direction in this respect, saying things about other deuomiua tious of Christians aud caricaturing theiu, aud throwing slurs upon them, which always have a balclul influence in the household. Sometimes children grow up and go out in the world, and look into these chutyhes against which tbev have been specially wanted, and find that iu these churches the people love God and keep His command ments, and by a natural reaction they go there. I could mcution the names of ministers of the Gospel who once spout much time in bombarding certain dtrnoznina- j lions, who lived to see their own sons; prc.»ch the Gospel in those very denomina tions. But we must admit that instruction in ; the wrong direction in this respect is most tulcful, and that there are little bigots lu \ ears old. Then the superior power of any one denomination in a community often mokes bigot*. People thiuk that all other churches are wrung, and that their* is right, because it happen* To be more fashionable, more wealthy, or more influential; and they talk about " oar ! choir." and 41 our minister," and "our ! church," and they toss their heads and have a ! patronising :»ir, wanting other denominations 1 to know their places. Now, I think it is far ! better that iu every community the great j denominations have about equal influence, 1 marching side by side for the world's con quest. We ought to forget about denomma ! :iou—except when a religious system is i antagonistic to the doctrine of Christ—and think of Jeau« Christ, for it is by Hira we have salvatiou. Let us remember that mere outside prosperity and worldly power are no evidence that a church is acceptable to God. Better a barn with Christ in the manger than a cathedral with arches like those of St. Michael's, and traceries like those of Bayeux ! —magnificent harmonies rolling, through long-drawn aides, and an angel from heaven proclaiming from the pulpit—if there^be no Christ in the chancel, and no Christ in the robes. Further, iimoranuo is the mother of sec tarianism. Knowledge enlarges the mind.; You seldom find an intelligent man who is it j thorough bigot: it is the man who thinks he: knows u great deal, but does not. In the far i east there is an olwliwk, 'I have been .tr.ld. One hide of it is'white, another side of it is blue, and auotber rido of it is green. Once some travellers went to look at it. They did not take the trouble to walk around it,' but ohoIi looked at one side and camp back. ,, The travellers met, and they got into a fierce con* test—ono saying that tho obelisk was white, another that it was blue, and another that it was green. "Stop!" said someone, coining in. "I'walked all round that obelisk, and find you are all right uud all wrong." Look out for a man who sees but one side of a question and takes but one view of anything. Better a mun who. by his intelligence and Christian faith, can walk all around the re ligious subject and know all sides. If there is any man to he pitied it is the man who lias just one idea iu his head—110 more, no less. Let a man give his life to the discussion of the doctrine of election, or the doctrine of free agency, or the subject of baptism, or the perseverance of tho saints, and he will he im becile in body and in mind. Bigotry puts its. hand upon a man's head and flattens his skull, and makes him lean and cadaverous, and exhausts him. Bigotry cannot -live under tho influence of tho love of Christ shed abroad iu the heart. You must kill .it with sunshine. ,x Look now at the evils of sectarianism. In the first place, investigation. The different denominations were intended by holy rivalry and honest* competition to keep each other awake. If ono denomination of Christians should garble the Word of God. there would be hundreds to cry oat against the sacrilege. While each denomination of Christians ought to preach all the doctrines of the Bible, I really tliink that it is the mission of each denomination more emphatically to preach the doctrine of the atonement —one Lord, one faith, one baptism. While, i as I >u\\\ eacli denomination ought to : present all doctrines, each denomination ought | to make one of those doctrines emphatic, j Now, sectarianism shuts cue out from*-«ll | these lessons. Hie mau will not nuike an : impartial investigation, uud he cannot reason. I •' All others are wrong, and I am right, and J there the matter ends." From tho glorious ! realm of God's • truth, over which the i archangel might fly from eternity to eternity without touching the limits, they shut tlicm ?>elves out, aiid die like blind moles in their barrows. Another evil of sectarianism is, that' it prejudices peoplo against Chris tianity. - Tho churches of God ' wore not mado for war-barracks. This per petual .bombardment of other sects drives men away from religion. People are afraid of riots. You go down a street, and you see a contest—men fighting with men, and missiles thrown. You hear tho report of firearms. You arc not foolish' enough to go through that street; you go round another way. ** Well, men have looked off sometimes upon the narrow path to heaven, and they have said, "I believe I will take the broatl road. There are so mauy ecclesiastical brick bats being thrown iu that narrow path, and there is so much sharpshooting, I think I will take the broad road." All, my friends, that religion is not worth much which is not tall enough to look over the fence. So, also, sectarianism hinders the church's triumph. How much wasted energy! how many men of large intellect who have given their time to abstract and controversial dis pute, when, if they bad devoted it in the right direction, they would have been gloriously usefulI Their books lie on tho shelves of college aud State libraries, sleeping the sleep of ages. I see different denominations of Christians in contest with each other, some preferring this field, and others that field. . I say, 41 Take your choice. If you like one best, take it; but understand that Christ thiuks most of that church which gets the most of the honey of Christian grace in the heart, and the most of the honey of Christian grace iu the life." How are we to war against this bigoted feel ing which lingers in the hearts of hundreds and thousands of Christians ? We do so by the realisation of onr own infirmities and weakness. If we rankc so many mistakes upon other tilings, ought we not to be a little modest iu regard to our religious belief ? I suppose that the light from the eternal throne in the last day will show us that there was something wrong in all our creeds. We will overthrow sectarianism by dwelling chiefly upon those things on which we agree, rather than upon those on which we differ. Hero is the great broad platform of the Gospel. I see a man coming up on one side of the platform. He says, *• I don't believe in baby sprinkling." Must I shove him off ? Here is another man coming up 011 this side. He says, " I don't believe in tho persever ance of the saints." Must I shove him off? No! Do you believe in Jesus Chri>t? Then come on! Brother now, brother for ever! The Gospel platform is large enough to hold all who believe iu the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh that God would hasten the day wheu all the great denominations of Christians shall join hands arouud the cross of Jesus and recite the creed, " I believe in God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, aud in Jesus Christ, and in the for giveness of sins, aud in the Holy Ghost, and in the communion of saints, and in the life everlasting." 