?THE HEIRESS. BY . ? _ Mas, ANNE S. STEPHENS. l!-: ; \ CHAPTER XLV1. — Continued. A VISIT TO MT ARCH ENEMY. , I would sec her, and with my secret kept 'close have tho joy of . one more \- Tloving-int«ETiew. My heart grew gentle with tenderness as I approached the hoase. . Sbe was nob at the window. An 'air of strange gloom pervaded the 1'iuuu. x ourerea ine panor ; ic naa no.o ?been swept that day; books, drawings, ,and Cora's , guitar lay huddled together ?Won the table j all the blinds were closed 'bob one, and that waB kept in cobstant motion by the wind, now letting in gnshes of light, again filling the room .. ;Wiih shadows. In a dim corner stood Mr. Clark's '-:%it^ehtifr *wlth 'the 'back toward me. J. approached ib and leaned over. There ,«at the curate exactly as, he had the ; morning of his wiife's death, pale, tear Ipsb, the. most touching picture of griof that I -ever saw. . , ,rI looked around for the cause. Where .-f.iwas.' Cora, and her father in this state) ' -4 i rati . fco her rootti ; it was emptly. Into the kitchen j' the servant sab' moping by a dresser. She did nob know what had come over her master, or where Miss Oora was. He had not spoken a word : orreaten.a mouthful since she went ont. Sick, at heart, I went back , to the purl or, aod, kneelingby the good man, took'bis hand in mine. : ';Speak to me ! ' I Baid ; ' oh, speak —what has happened 1 Why are you thus?;'.,. ?} He looked on me as he had done that first day in his grief, laid his hand on my head, and burst into tears. He did not ?(iiu, uuii jjuc uug nana into 1)13 DOSOm, took oab a letter and attempted to unfold it. Bub his poor hands 'Bhook so ner vously ,thib the paper only rattled in bis grasp. With painful forebodings I look it from bis hand. I did nob read ib et all, for a sickness of heart came over and blinded me : but enough was plain ; Cora Y!tP!vlrr.n'y little Cora; had left her father's ...-houBB to be married— so Bhe wrote— and her companion — who was het ? -'.-??George Irving left Claro Hall on the very;.nighb.thnt.letter was written. She ..mentioned no names, bnb.this was a part that all might reai. '_- ' .Mr. Clark looked wearily ab me as I f.tio loffoti U!n i.vM ? J ? ? s L _ ' '7 — ? jj.io i»j;o iuuv«u, uuu ue said. in a meek, broken-hearted voice, ' What can we do Zana ?' . ? We will find her — love her— take her ; borne^. again,'. I said. 'Cora shall not remain with this villain, even as his wife/' 'I fear,' said Mr. Clark, looking meekly in my fac9, ' God has taken away my . strength— ,1 cannot follow them.' He arose : to , bis feet, bub staggered feebly and fell back again, helpless as a v ehild. - ? .'.I will find. her. Get well and wait ipitiently, father, I will not resb till Corn. fi st: home again.' . V God bleas yon, my child !' 'He kissed me on the forehead, and with .this holy seal upon my brow, I went :* vfef^Croni Rmong my, father's people an ontcasfy an Ishoiael among 'women, but atrong to act and endure. CHAPTER XLVJI. MY LOST FRIEND AND MY LOST HOME. I bad made all my preparations' picked up a few! clothes, such as I could . carry upon the horn of my saddle, and .carefully, sealed up the bronze cover, which was half full of gold. Turner had been absent most of tbe day, and Maria, luckily,: was ab the village fori some household purpose. All this was fortu nate; 'Knowing that a few hours would separate us, perhaps forever, I, could not have sustained my part in their presence. . 'When they came home my, eyes were' red with weeDifacr. and T sat Hnwn hfiln ... lessly between them, so Bick at heart tbat.ib seemed to me like death. They had heard of Cora's elopement, and did not .wonder at my grief. 'We parted- for the night aboub ten. Ob,1 how I yearned bo throw myself once more into those kind arms and ask a last blessing I But ib could nob be. A sus picipn^that. I : was. aboub to leave them would have defeated my plans, f knew well that they would jgo forth into the highway, homeless beggars rather than see me So depart. With calm, sadness, though my hearb swelled painfully in my bosom, I went ^ .to my room. Oh, thab dull, mournful' \- - hour of solitude while I waited for those two friends, all I had on earth, to sleep, that .1 mighb eseape like a thief from' beneath their roof. I shall never forget that boor. A- life-time of dreary pain \-- W» cfo*ded'lnto-it. Remember I. was Vary joung, and could only recall as a dream the time - when that park had not been my home. - True. I had a purpose that gave me v . atrength. Cora mast be brought back to her father; then what was to be my fate?. The. gipsy caves of Granada — those caves ab whose bare remembrance my poor mother had shuddered even in the eebitb of her happiness ? Bub where else should, I go ? Ishmael was not more thorougbly'ca8b out by his father's people -than. I had, been— while, more fortunate than : me, his mother went with him into the desert. I was alone. In the broad world there was no human being from Whom I could claim the draught o( cold water which poor Hagar gave to him. I Went forth, braving all the woes ; ? , 'that were divided by the outeast mother , Mid, ''her. child. The rival that I had . . « loved better than a sister had taken ths ?oul, that- Was mine, and cruelly left me to' perish or to sufier ,* ib mattered as little whioh to her as ib did to Sarah, that her handmaid died in the wilderness or passed heart-broken in the desert. Driven forth from my last shelter by my father's sjiter, hunted, down like an evil thing, I felt like tbe poor stag which I had once- saved from the very foes that seemed chasing me to death. As I snifc there alone in my pretty chamber, with tbe coffer in my lap, and tho bundle ab my feet, I thought of the stone cairn beneath which my mother lay, deep in tho snow mountains, and wished that I too were under it. Everything was still. Nothing bub the faint flutter of autumn leaves as they fell to the earth reached my ear. Yes, one thing more, the beatings of my poor heart sounded loud and quick; in the stillness, like the laugh of winter winds when they rustle through masses of dead foliage, I got up at last — oh, with what heavi ness of hearb and limb. With the coffer in one band and tho bundle in the other, I passed like a ghost from my beautiful chamber, leaving it bathed in the autumn moonbeams, all the more quiet that a weary heart had gone out of it. I went through the little picture gal lery. The moonlight threw my black shadow on the lovely pictures and statuettes, veiling them, as it were, in mourning at my approach. As I looked back through my tears, they were posed gracefully as ever, and smiling: in the pale light, heartless as my human friends. Ib waB only in my path tbab the dark ness fell. - V On'e moment L-paused at the door of Turner's room. I . held my ; breath, listening at the keyhole for tbe faintest noise. A sigh from those loved sleepers would have fallen upon my hearb like a blessing. Nothing reached me — nothing ;bub the sound of the wind, which was beginning to sob among the leaves out of doors. As I listened, something rabbed' against my ankle, and the soft purr of a house cat, whose instinct had recognised me in the dark, made roe utter a faint exclamation, I stooped down and caressed the kind animal a moment, then hurried away, fearful tbat my sobs would arouse Turner. The cat followed .me to the stablo, and looked on while. I saddled Jupiter with a sort ot. grave wonder, which seemed to me like regret. She watched me as I fastened my buadle and mounted the Door old nnnv Whnn I rode away, looking wistfully baick at the house, she kept her place till I could no longer distinguish her. I believe ib was a beautiful nighb ; certainly the moon was ab its full, and tbe sky crowded with stars, luminous with that deep glow which precedes an early frost. Without being boisterous, the wind filled the leaves with their mournful whispers, and the fragrance of broken leaves and .forest flowers, that always breathe sweetest as the frost kills them, floated silently on the air,, saddening the atmosphere with the perfume of their decay. I received all these impressions pas sively, for my hearb was too heavy for anything bub thab. dull consciousness which is blunted by pain. All the way I was : comparing myself with tbe boy Ishinael, and thinking of Hagar with yearning sympathy, such , as a woman only who has been Wronged and cast forth into that great desert the world can feal. (To be Continued. ) 