| SCBATCHINGS IN THE CITY. BY A PENCO. [ Cbat every line which written here may bs I* Ge to its mark etai^it and unerringly That every laugh be cleaa aud fairly bought , That ccwlemnatioo never go unsought; . That eat or thrnst or lend ai»proviu» cheer Aim iujT be honest, thoueht and purpose dear Sir George Grey, wha died in Londen last week, was one of-the most interesting men I have ever met. I reeaH ,with rare pleasure- a trip which we made together from Auckland to Sydney. The sea was very stormy, and he and two or three others and myself were the only saloon passengers who were not compelled to spend most of the-passage in meditation in the cabins. Strolling on the main deck-:if strolling be the right word to apply to a motion which included hanging on by one's finger-ends to the bulwarks and things-we had most interesting conversations about early, settlement in Adelaide when Sir George was Governor. I knew that he hadbeen severely criticised by historians for his eon duct when he was here-that somewr iters bad even said that he had sneaked into the position of vicegerent--and, therefore, I approached that question-in a very delicate way. The old statesman, however, did not shirk the matter. "Come down intooiy cabin/' he said,"" and I will show you some documents." I offered him my arm to help Mm to deseend the ladder, as he looked feeble and tottering, but be.drew himself up proodly, and remarked that he was quite able to,.walk unassisted. He could juot boar to-be reminded, of his weakness. Well, we went to the eabtn» and he pro- j duced some documents which would be o£ : immense valde to a. liisfccrian «f South Aus tralia. They were old atid musty-official papers mostly--and tliey proved conclu sively that Sir George had been shockingly misunderstood daring his residence iu the colony. He had borne the burdens which ought to have been placed upon the Colonial Office* and he had actually made serious financial and other sacrifices on behalf of the very' people who misunder stood liim so badly. So 1 said to him «' Why not pay South Australia a visit after this intervening half century ia order to put things right, and to enable us ta show how tbo. second generation can make reparation fox the hard! judgments of the fi.st-1** /. I don*t know about that," answered the old man,, shaking his head sadly. " My re collections of Adelaide are by no means pleasant and-prejudice dies hard." This allusion was not limited in its appli cation to Ms public worries, while here. It had some relation also to the fact that in. Adelaide began the long series of disagree ments with his handsome young wifo, whose ossly little child lies, sleeping in the West terrace Cemetery. Still, as you kn&w;,, became, he saw* and lie conquerecL The meetings hold in bis ho..or wore the most enthusiastic of the kind ever witnessed in the city, \- In liia deportment Sir George was a thorough gentleman, and his love for and tenderness towards children were particu larly engaging. Yet he was an egotist. He talked to uie without the least reserve con cerning the time when- using his own words-he saved India during the darkest days of the mutiny ; lie showed no embar rassnjentas he explained the fact that, and the means by which, he had virtually saved New Zealand also by his personal influence over the Maories-he might have added by splendid courage, and notably one valorous action which a.is none in history to excel it. He did not, however, make the addition, but he did say, balf ia soliloquy, that he had taught statesmanship to Lord Salisbury, and-so I understood him-first suggested to that nobieman the possibility of liis becoming Prime Minister of Great Britain. Salvator Rosa Wakefield, who dropped dead in the street on Saturday as he had been wanted he might do at any time, always reminded me. of Sir George Grey. It was Mr. Wakefield's uncle who devised the economical scheme on which South Australia was founded, and it was Sir George Grey who had as Governor to take the initial steps to upset the operation of thai scheme, as he saw that it would not work out as its promoters expected and hoped- Mr. Wakefield, by the way, was one of the acutest business men in the colony, but his early training was not in the direction of commercial pursuits. He served for some years, as a detective, aud that sort of duty suited him excellently. He had a most plausible manner and quite a genius tor disgrasinj* his ieeEngs, and these qualities enabled him to sitoeeed so admirably when, taking his life in his hand, he went to the Coorong to " shadow*' Malachi Martin, the murderer who did his victims to death in that most lonely and wr«}tehed-looking_ region. Out of the police force, Mr. Wakefield made money fast and knew how to keep it, bat the last years of I his life were clouded by sorrow and suffer ing. He had for months looked like an animated corpse, and be staggered under the cruel blow inflicted by a shooting accident which befell his son. The youth shot his hand in such a way as to cause the ultimate loss of that limb and greater aud dangerous intermediate anguish. It was a coincidence that the day before Mr. Wakefield died of heart-disease Cap tain Ijoekyer succumbed equally suddenly to that malady. I suppose that from first to last of the half century at sea the old captain must have been associated with many hundreds of thousands of passengers, and he" was perhaps better known than any other mariner in Australia. He Was an old character. As an officer he was most stern in his discipline-,and those under him complained especially that he would never allow them to talk to the lady passengers if he could help it. Yet he himself was an ' unconquerable ladies' man, and- excepting possibly the telling1 of tail sea yarns nothing pleased him better than a mild flirtation on the deck. He was one ot those men who never admit that they are growing old, and he did his utmost to dis guise encroachments of time. "Why, it takes him an hour and a half in the morn ings to dress," one of his officers remarked to me when discussing, the merits and defects of bis chief. The observation was significant, and Captain Lockyer was not popular with bis officers, but the balance of the good and the not-so-good in him was distinctly on the right side. What a lot of inconvenient things folk do for the sake of keeping in the fashion? I thought that the other day when I saw hundreds of people-some of them looking supremely uncomfortable in tall hats and capacious hat unfamiliar frocK coats crowding into Government House to take part in a viaaregal reception. As the crash was squeezing into the presence-chamber one untutored child of nature disturbed the gravity of' the rest hy enquiring inno cently of one of the aides-de-camp "Where do we make our escape ?" The Governor shook hands with real and not affected kindness, and one of the girls repeated the operation on behalf of L»d|W Victoria, who was too weak to stand aiut, undergo the ordeal of squeezing a thou sand fi3ts. So she sat and bowed. Al together the proceedings were, coqlial and devoid of that, affectation which, always characterised the formal appearance of Loid Kintore and Sir Willianv Bobmson. A glorious day was interpreted/by. the specially-coaplitBenfea*y jk> meftn good omen for a successful voyage to England send back-for Lady Victoria does hope to return if the sea will only treat her con | siderately on the homeward journey-but i the superstitious shook their heads as they no» e i that the central B&g; tin _the?principal e t i ad unaccountably become loosened and fluttered at half-mast. The last public cereiaofiial appearance of the _viceze|£il rfajnily wajs made on Monday, when-an thename dfthe Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost"- the Governor laid "the foondatior - t ne of the Conserva torium of Music. A brilliant spectacle was presented by the wealth and virtue and draperyof the metropolis, though soise of th& university nabobs did look uncomfor table in their-gorgeous apparel. As the speeches proceeded a mischievous under grad. tapped applause on a kerosene tin, but the attempt to sing silly songs of the usual pattern failed dismally. Open-air meetings are not favorable to this species of foolishness. . About the most comical jest which these young men got off was ; the whistling of the Dead March in Saul as the Governor and the rest took their departure. The address of the occasion, of course, was that of the Chief Justice, but X wonder how he7took a rather unfor tunate compliment paid to him by the ?Minister of Bducatum. Talking of' Mr. Way's marvellous energy, ^Mr. Butler likened him to au artesian spring which showed a greater volume of energy the longer it ran. If an ordinary man was called a bore he would be cross. "What should an extraordinary ma& be when he if styled an ^artesian bore? - ?- - 