tyound tfje Towrj 'OH! WE SELLS THE EVENIN' PAPERS EVERYWHERE AH' WE HOLLERS OUT THE NEWS AS ISN'T THERE." We would like to know why a uni formed constable has been on guard at Sir. John Forrest's house ever since the Kalgoorlie " Kiot." If we remember rightly Sir John said on the matter of police protection some time ago that people could look after themselves-! ! Significant ! ain't it ? Beware of money lenders : An unfortunate man in England was sued by an murer for £480. The amount nominally advanced was £300 Interest £180. Amount actually advanced £295. Amount repaid £150. Only about £1000 per cent interest for this loan. Perth moneylenders are more reasonable, they say. A local police court r icently witnessed the unusual scene of a woman electing to go to gaol for drunkeness although her " man " was anxious to pay the fine. She wanted to do it as a protest agin loranjustice," besides she added, I've n=ver been in gaol and it'll be a chansre. Thus* Miss Weston, an Auckland writer:—" Now that Prince Bismark has ceased to be a maker of history it may be questioned if the world can boast of any other statesman who so nearly stands on a level with the great ones of the past as Mr. Rhodes. He is the direct successor ot Clive and Warren Hastings, and, as a potential political figure, he is peer of such pre-eminent personalities as Lord Salisbury and the Emperor of Austria." The Salvation Army folks are not very slow. Down at Geraldton they had a staff wedding the other day, and as they charged for admission to the Hall where the ceremony took place, they scooped in enough for the honeymoon exs. and the cake. Some said it was the best house they had ever played to, and the Ghost never walked so well. You cant beat the Army for enterprise—and push. r An awfully sudden death, in peculiar circumstances, took place in Melbourne recently. A prayer meeting was being conducted at the Gospel Mission Hall, Smith-street, Collingwood, and one member of the congregation, Mr. Robert Harrison, a well-known manufacturer of cordials, offered up an earnest prayer. A peculiar rattle in his voice was noticed by some of his listeners, and just as Mr. Harrison concluded his prayer invoking a divine blessing on the congregation, he threw up his hands and fell into a seat.. Some of the congregation went at once to Ms assistance, but life was extinct. Mr. Harrison was believed to be in perfect health and spirits when he arrived at the meeting. Medical testimony went to show that the cause of death was heart disease. The Japs., in addition to being cute tobacconists, are expert philatelists. One of them was expert enough to get 12 months in Sydney foo forging st imps. Queensland's Government are always open to do a deal. They have bought stone containing zoo oz. of gold for ^700 spot cash. That's the idea—cash up, no tick. Thev send the tick to W. A. Is vt true that the Observatory grounds are solely for the use of Mr. Cooke, his friends, and his field glasses? OH MR. PORTER, WHAT SHALL WE DO ? THE BENCH SAY TO ADJUST THE SCALES, IT'S REALLY UP TO YON. SO, OH MR. PORTER, BE SUI-E AND HAVE THEM TRUE, OR ELSE THE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES MAN WILL MAKE A FEE FROM YOU. Only 600 passengers eastward yesterday in the " New Guinea" and " Cape Otway." Somebody talking about finance says, "to hear some people talk one would think we were all hopelessly stone broke^ because we owe a sovereign against fifty pounds worth of assets." Of course we are not, how ridiculous to think such a thing The only trouble is that those whom we want to be the best judges of our assets won't lend us half a million even, but then they are sceptical aren't they ? or bigoted. Litigation against Perth Board o£ Health if they persist in pumping nightsoil on Reserve 84. A fund has been started for this purpose, and smallest subscriptions will be thankfully received either in West Perth or LeederviHe. Mr. Leake adjourned the debate on the financial statement till Smother evening. This is eating the leek with a vendetta. Text for the Rev. G. Leake's next sermon, "ye have eat-en of sow-er grapes and put your chil-dren's teeth-on edge." * Iota' saj's : ' I honestly believe a little official extravagance is a jolly good thing. It induces confidence, which is the very life blood of business.' It also induces confidence tricits, which means the life's blood of those who are the victims. Official extravagance means two or more things. One is barefaced swindling, another is State debauchery. Barrack-street bridge was in total darkness last night. As this is one of the inost dangerous crossings in the city. Those responsible should take warning and avert probable serious accidents. A cruel and scandalous state of affairs. The Dental Board Secretary according to Mr. Haynes, intimidating a candidate for a (mission to the Board. If a trades unionist did the same we would never hear the end of it. We await with eagerness the decision of the Colonial Secretary in the cases of Messrs. Ralph Potts and and Ford v. the Dental Board. More anon. The extra sitting day of Parliament has been necessitated not by pressure of work, but by the idiotic loquacity of some hon. members. Ten minutes would suffice to convey sensible their particular arguments, and would permit some rest for the " Hansard " staff and reporters. For the positions of valuators to the Subiaco council Messrs. J. W. Langsford and Knox-Peden were appointed out of 16 applicants. Sixty-six persons applied for the position of rate collector. This number was by special ballot reduced to four, who are to submit themselves to the council during the ensuing week. A Mount Elizaite says, "Glad stone's gone, Bismark's dead, and ! don't feel Ai meself." Leederville Council is one of the worst managed in the colony. Sectarianism predominates there The northern wards are beautified beyond conception, while the other portions are a disgrace to any municipality. It is now generally admitted that the feature of the next Guvminkouse dinner will be " Stewed West Aus. tralian rabbit a la Widgiemooltha." The Adelaide S.S. Co. are once more to the front. This time it is transhipping cargo from the coasters into lighters and bringing them up the river to the Swan River Co.'s wharf at Perth. This is the necessarily vulgar way of informing the Railway Department that their incompetence and maladministration will not be suffered any longer. In a commercial balance sheet cash means coin, in a political balance sheet cash means stores, tailings, building material, and anything loose that's lying about. Specimens from the " Westralia" to be, "As a matter excursions by these of fact the trains (and we announce with joy and gladness the good tidings.") Moses and the other blokes must have smilad at this. * . *. FURTHER, the members of the Cartwright Co. kindly gave their services at a matinee at Osborne on Wednesday in aid of the family of the late Constable McRae." This seems to be a bit previous as the show is to be held September 3. Also new n.-jnes for well-known stars, Miss * Harie' Ireland, Mr. * Scory' Gofton AKD "The Musette have" gone to Bunbury. Surely all this is not the comp's fault. How's ihis for woman's suffrage ? " A woman died in a lane off Pitt St., Sydney,who was the sole support of a husband and fiv& \ oung children. The police, when informed of the death, found absolutely no food in the house, one little girl had practically no clothes on, and the others were very scantily clad. The noncommissioned officers and men at the police station and a few sympathisers collected about £6 to meet necessities and to sdlow of the body being interred." Where are the Women's Christian Teetotal 'Umbugs ? They talk about the state cf their sisters, and grow fat, while such cases as these exist. Woman's inhumanity to woman. Shame on them. Mr. Hugb M'Kern an, at a meeting of ratepayers "at the Globe Hotel on Tuesdav night: There is much FOREST and JABRAH, and not encugh mettle in the Perth City Council at present for ratepayers to entrust that body with fresh borrowing powers." Pithy. An important decision was given by Stipendary Magistrate, H. Eyre Kenny, in Wellington, N.Z., lately. A widow was being sued on a judgment summons and her only means consisted of the money provide I by her late husl and's life insurance policy. This money was in the hands of the Public Trustee # to administer as executor. The question was whether this money, being the proceeds of a life insurance policy, could be used by the Public Trustee to meet a claim of a judgment creditor. 3M r. Kenny held that it could as the money had passed to the person other than the one on whose life policy it had been issued. Notwithstanding the contradiction of the General Manager for Railways and -the Engineer for Existing Lines there are reasons to fear the safety of the Fremantle Railway Bridge. Where has Mr. Wittenoom been the last FEW days ? Tenders for the Coolgardie Water Scheme Pipes should have closed days ago. No information from London re the English tenders. Not fair to colonial tenderers. Hope there is no commission hanging at the other end. —COCKNEY SONG. (By A PERIPATETIC PAGAN.) 