_ BY LILY WATSON. CHAPTER II. 1A wrvwt with tbls alture . llikn drudgery divine." George Herbert. THE summer night is proverbially brie^ but in a Swiss hostelry it is briefer than anywhere else. Before the dawn the tread of thick nailed boots is heard upon the bare floors; the clatter of olpen-stocks, the calling to guides and porters, the animation of departure. It ?was yet dark when Marie descended to the salle A manger to begin her day's work; but ere long stole in the strange mysterious light that has something terrible about it-that has no. sun, no warmth, no radiance-like the ghost of living light, making the while summits look paler and more awful still. It was cold at that hour, and Marie shivered as with the deft quickness that was one of ber characteristics she stepped swiftly about, waiting on the party for the Guggi glacier.. To the trivial ob server there would not seem much joy in the anticipation of this sort of expedi tion. To arise in the small hours from a forcibly interrupted slumber, snatch a hasty breakfast, and sally forth on a toil some tramp, attended by a certain though infinitesimal amount of danger, seemed to the staff of native domestics a sort of amiable madness, which was 'nevertheless to be encouraged, as it brought 'money into their pockets. Marie alone understood and sympathised with the joy of mountain daring; the blood of an athletic English father ran in her veins, and she never complained of her shortened nights when these early breakfasts were in question. One of the party breakfasting in the salle, where the oil-lamps strove with the growing light, was a tall young fellow, Hugh Godfrey*- by name, square shouldered, with kind and gentle blue eyes and a fair moustache. He it was who had spoken to Mr. Briginshaw on the preceding evening. His eyes un easily followed Marie about as she went for a fresh supply of coffee. 'I feel rather a brute to get that poor girl up so early,' he said* to his com panion ; ' it's hard lines.' ' Oh, she's used to it,' observed the other young man. 'She walks like a princess. I believe, from rumours I have heard, that there is quite a story attaching to her. 'What-a duchess in disguise, or something of that sort? I shouldn't wonder.' But at this moment a guide looked in and proclaimed that it was absolutely necessary to start at once. In the hurry, of preparation the subject was not pursued. Miss Vaughan was one of those women whose sympathies were keenly with their own sex, whatever their rank may be., She had been strongly interested in j Marie, who was literally never off duty save for the briefest interval. When any question was to be asked-and questions in Swiss hotels are innumerable-Marie's command of English was brought into, requisition She superintended the setting of every meal and was responsible for all the waiting. She it was to whom everyvisitor applied when indifficulty; she was always to the front in her Bernese costume, the chemisette and sleeves of which, by some mysterious means, were always spotlessly white and freshly starched ; 'she lent grace to the homely, many-windowed, spacious room, where she was invariably to be found, ready to give a hand to anything. She slaved, in fact, twice as hard as any English servant could possibly be induced to slave; and when she had any spare time was by no means above taking a turn with the hay makers or raking the garden-beds. She knew she worked hard, and accepted her lot blithely. But to-day her heart was a little sore and her frame was weary. This did not escape Miss Vaughan's notice. When the brilliant sunshine of late June had tempted out the visitors, and Marie, having washed up and ranged . the breakfast things, was seated for an instant with her knitting, the English lady entered the room and sat down beside the girl. With a few kind words she asked if she were well and rested ; but she was a little dismayed when Marie suddenly cast down the coarse knitting and burst into tears. Miss Vaughan began to reflect with apprehension that the talk d manger was rather a public place for lamenta tions and comfort, and to fear lest some tourist, having climbed up to Tannen wald from the valley, should appear and require, as was usual, Marie's services in bringing lunch. She need not have been alarmed. Marie's sobs quickly ceased, and she explained, in her dainty precise English pronunciation, that she was not really unhappy or very, very tired-only foolish. Miss Vaughan had waged a vigorous crusade in London against the custom of keeping shopgirls standing for hours behind the counter. Her heart burned with indignation when she realised that this girl had been'afoot and astir for nine hours already, at eleven o'clock in the morning, and that the day with its work was still young. 1 My poor child,' she said, with gentle though, perhaps, imprudent compassion, 1 you are working much too hard ! Why do you do it ?' 'It is not as if it were all the year round,' Marie hastened to explain. ' It is only now the beginning, and by the middle of September the snow may have come, and we shall have few visi tors up here. Only three months-see ! That is not a great deal of a whole year.' 1 And what do you do for the other nine months, Marie ?' 1 Ah, most of the time it is very quiet -and, oh 1 so cold. But I find plenty to do for my aunt and uncle, and there is always the knitting.' Marie might have said that the ser vants were all dismissed at the close of the season, and that she it was who then performed the manifold duties oi cook, chambermaid, waitress - maid - of - all work in fact-but she omitted to add this information. ' Do you read, and have you any re sources ? You speak English so beauti fully.' ' 1 have one great amusement,' con fessed Marie-'I sing. It is good of my aunt to allow that.' Miss Vaughan felt perplexed, but Marie explained that the hotel was shut up when the season was over; that the salon piano, to avoid the cold, was moved across into the Miihlenbach's dcpendance, and that as she, Marie, was the only one who could play at all, she kept it in her own room, as a precious treasure to guard until the season came round again, and the beloved instrument had to resume its summer duties. 1 The schoolmaster of our village has taught me to sing,' explained Marie. ' He educated me; he it is who trains our choir, and before long he is going with the choir to the Choir Competition the Gesangfest-at Interlaken. It is a great time! Oh, I am longing for the day to come 1' ' You hope to go, then f An anxious expression crossed Marie's brow, which did not elude Miss Vaug hail's observation, but she replied in the affirmative. 1 It will be in July. It ib a grand sight. There is a (great, great wooden hull in which we sing and have our meals; and we march about with banners; and all the town is gay and happy for three days. I have been thinking of it all the winter long.' Miss Vaughan, grateful that no tour ist entered to call loudly about him for lnncheon or for Lager-Bier, encouraged Marie's simple confidences. She found j that the girl, in sooth, led a life of utter unselfishness and devotion to duty, cheered as to worldly pleasure liy this one prospect. 'Surely,' thought the devoted woman, ' there must be an in ner source to fill thesn springs of sweet content, t should like to find it.' Miss Vaughan deteeted cant, but 6he knew the power of the Christian ideal to elevate toil into nobleness, to con form imperfect human nature to the greatest of all exemplars, to make self denial sweet. She guessed that poor little Marie had learnt this secret, and genuine was her joy to find that she was not mistaken. The minister in the mountain village was a fervent, earnest soul, whose teaching had helped and supported Marie in many troubles. For seventeen years she had led the Jife of an unloved dependent in the home of others; and in touching words she told the Bnglish lady of the support and comfort she had found when first she learnt to know the immortal Friend. 'But I am not ulways patient and good,' she said. 'Last night I was angry ; and sometimes when I nm tired, tired Rt bed time, and hear that I must get up at two, I feel like a bad rebel.' (Marie's English was occasionally quaint). ' That is wicked, I know; I ought always to be resigned.' ' Well, I do not know tlint, my dear girl,' returned her friend. ' You are not called upon to hurt your health, or sub mit to the unjust cluimB of selBsh and heartless people' (Miss Vaughan, remem bering those angry voices of the night before, was glowing with unwonted heat) 'if it can be helped. I shall trust tliat you may find some way of escape into a different life; and tilt then, just remem ber the words: 'In quietness and in confidence shall be your strength.' Marie thanked her gratefully. 1 It is wonderful I have had this sweet long time with you,'she said artlessly, 'and no one has come in to interrupt. But see 1 there are some coining up.' The landlord, Uerr Miililenbach, was vigorously making hay in front of the hotel terrace, for a storm seemed also coining up, unci lie wanted to get his huy in. It was amusing to wntcli the con- | diet between hospitality to the approach- I ing guests and concern for his hay in his mind, as lie flung down his fork at the Inst possible moment and hurried to meet them. They burst into the sal/e a portly father with a face of crinison after his hot climb, and a noisy party of young aien and girls, all armed with alpenstocks. Their polyglot demands to Marie were met by her with a civil request-' Would you be eo very kind as to speak Eng lish ?' ' Swiss 1 She's not Swiss !' growled the eldest youth to his brother. 'All that dress is a show, a regular take in like that Japanese girl in the tea- house at the Exhibition, who came from the Tottenham Court Road.' Marie heard and smiled, but having learned a lesson from the evening before, proceeded to wait on the new-comers without any attempt to set them right. There was 110 further oyportunity for conversation, for Marie was flying on her nimble feet all day long; but Miss 1 Vaughan felt strangely interested in the girl, whose position her knowledge of Swiss life helped her fully to appreciate. In Switzerland the hotel-keepers are among the foremost members of the community, and she could well under stand that Marie's mother had been re fined and sweet enough to attract the young Englishman without any violent element of incongruity, save in the minds of the stay-at home relations in England. Late in the evening-or late for Switzerland-at about 9-30 p.m., the English lady was sitting at her window in the ddpendance. It was a perfect June night. The threatened storm had come and gone, bringing refreshment in its train. The air was full of the sub dued Bound of torrents ; the world- famed waterfall, seen in its upper leap only, gleamed afar in the moonlight. Miss Vaughan's heart was full of thankful ness. What a world I And in spite of all dark, pessimistic thoughts, what joy to feel that there was kinship within her soul with these gloriouB scenes-a mys terious kinship, full of passionate joy, that spoke of a common origin 1 Lost in reverie, she did not hear a light tap at her door until it had been repeated thrice. ' Herein 1' she cried, and Marie presented herself. ' I thought it fras the chambermaid. Oome in, Marie, and close the door. Do you wish to speak to me f ' I only wanted to show you tide,' said Marie, nervously glancing over her shoulder, and fumbling in her velvet bodice. She produced a tiny morocco case, which she handed to Miss Vaughan. ' It iB my mother,' she said. The English lady reverently opened the treasure, and saw within, the minia ture of an oval face with large sad eyes, and a mouth and chin that reminded her of Marie. It was the countenance ot a re6ned and gentle woman, and Miss Vaughan could honestly speak in words of admiration and tender praise. The face looked as though it belonged to someone of Marie's own age-an im aginary sister, it might be. ' It is all I have left of her,said the girl. ' I thought I would wish you, who are so kind and good, to see it, hut I never, never show it to any one else; it is sacred. A heavy step pasBed along the corri dor, accompanied by the ruBtling of skirts ; it paused for a moment outside Miss Vaughan's door. 1 That is my aunt!' cried Marie. ' I must go.' She thrust the miniature into the bosom of her dress, and after waiting till the steps were 110 loDger heard she slipped away. Madame Miihlenbach was waiting for her at the end of the downstairs corri dor, an angry scowl on her brow. ' What are you doing here at thU hour of the night?' she demanded with lowered voice. 11 heard you in the bed room of the English lady. What busi ness have you there, forsooth? The Englishman you insulted wanted cigars in the talle-no one to unlock the case ; you gossiping and plotting, and telling tales to our visitors instead of attending to your duty! A pretty Btate of things I' 'There was Gretchen at hand, or cousin Olga had a key,' replied Marie tremulously. ' I thought my work was done. I ' By this time her angry aunt had whisked into the sitting-room, and she was compelled to follow. Herr Miihlen bach, a stout, prosperous-looking man | in brown clothes, was smoking a long cigar in an easy chair; but Olga was absent. Madame Miihlenbach has again worked herself into a passion, and stormed at her niece until her husband, phlegmati cally removing the cigar from his mouth, said, ' Come, come, little mother ; let the girl go to bed-there's no such great harm done.' Not a word did Marie speak of the beloved miniature, nor her errand to Miss Vauglmn's chanibcr, as she listened in silence to the tirade. When she had gone, Madame Miihlenbach grumbled on for awhile against the girl-her conceit, her insolence, her plotting to set the visitors against the house, and so forth. Her husband appeared well accustomed to these outcries, and wlipn «hfi had ex hausted her vocubu'ary of abuse he said, slowly and emphatically.' 1 Marie is useful, wife. Sho is a good looking wench, and she speaks English to perfection ; also she is neat and nimble. Send lior away, and tliou wilt have to pay heavy wages to fill her place. Nay, thou eouldst not fill it. Than do not drive the girl to despair with thy tongue. Uememl>er what I say, for I have reason on ray side. I have spoken.' He rose from liis chair, and even Madame Miililenbach dared not retort when lie adopted that final phrase. (To br. Continued) 