Dr. Thornton's Address. Dr. Thornton has been made the subject of many adverse remarks on ac count of some i 1-advised sentences m his opeuing address at the recent Ballarat Congress. But the Spectator points out that he also said some very admirable things, which should be remembered with gratitude. Such, for instance, as these : ' Thank Heaven, our own ecclesiastical allegi ance binds us to unchurch no other company of professing Christians. ' ' The Church of Christ is not confined to any single denomination.' ' The Church of Christ is one, inadequately as she expresses that oneness in outward fellowship and the bond of peace. Her unity does not consist in that outward fellowship and bond, important as they are.' ' In this land no Chris tian community can claim to be nationally recognised as par excellence the Church.' We all join the Bishop (says the Spectator) in deploring ' our denominational disintegration,' with ' its wasteful duplication, in place of combination of means and en rgy ' ; but what is the remedy for it ? The most useful object-lesson in this matter which the Anglican Church can afford to us who are without her walls, would be to heal her own inner breaches, and to draw us by the beauty of ' that per fectly united Church, which is ?' the vision of heaven, and only the hope of earth.' John Watsford belongs to Father Australasia. He is the Watsford. ? oldest living Australian born Methodist minister, and the first President of the Austral asian General Conference. During his recent visit to this colony, he was made a great blessing to many, and endeared himself in a greater degree than ever to us all. He attend-d the Ministers' Monthly Meeting at the Ceutenary Hall, to say 'Good-bye' to his. ministerial brethren. Ic is probably the last time he will vis-ifc Sydney. During the course of a brief, but very interesting address, he said he should never forget the Church in N.S.W. He had just had the pleasure of standing on the spot (in Par ramatta) where he was converted, and also on the spot where he had preached his first sermon. One thing that had puzzled, as well as delighted him — whilst making him feel much older — was, that among the people he met, many were thanking God that their fathers and grandfathers were converted under his ministry ! He had been greatly delighted with the work in Sydney during the previous few weeks. He attributed all his power to work for God in his advancing years, to the fact that the Lord had given him, in his later days, a fuller baptism of the Holy Ghost. In his last affliction he had such a revelation of God as he never had before, and he was going to spend, his last few days in prominently preach ing ' Entire Sanctification.' They wanted, both in Victoria and N.S.W., that old fire that burned bo brightly in Fetter Lane in John Wesley's days. He prayed every day for the ministers and people in Sydney. On Tuesday evening last Zlllman on the Rev. Dr. Zillman, the Ingersoll. erstwhile Methodist preacher, who perhaps holds the record us a 'lightning change ' ecclesiastic, and is now installed as the minister of the ' Unitarian Church ' in Liverpool- street, lectured on 'Colonel Ingersoll,' the World's greatest Agnos tic.' He spoke from a personal ac quaintance with the blaspheming and militant infidel, and, from the title of the lecture, one would suppose that the greatness of his hero consists in the limitlessness of his unbelief. Be that as it may, the lecturer described the great controversy that took place in the pages of the North American Bedew, in which W. E. Gladstone, the Rev. Henry Field, and others took part, and Dr. Zillman had the hardihood, we had almost said effrontery, to speak of ' Ingersoll as a man with whom none of those great men could cope ' Referring to Inger soll's ' Sermon ' on ' Christmas,' in which he said that ' Christianity brought a message of woe to humanity, that it filled the future with fear and flame, and made God the keeper of an eternal penitentiary, and that, not satis fied with this, it deprived God of pardoning power.' With exquisite irony the report in the Daily Telei/rajih .adds : ' Dr. Zillman enlarged upon Ingersoll as a humorist,' etc. The lecturer can give utterance to abhorrent sentiments such as these and yet assume the title of Rev., and call his lecture room a 'Church!' Such scandalous talk puts the speaker outside the pale of the recognition or sympathy of every true Christian. There is only one more ' change ' left for Dr. Zillman. 