SCOLO.EL; CODY'S SEAR.CIH . • * - 'A ROMANCE OF THIE WEST. BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the "M1ysterious Man in Blue." &?. CEAPTER L.-THE UNLUCKY THIIEE. TUrpon a log on the hill the-ganie was to he played, and placing the five-dice in the. box, while all looked eagerly on, the renegade said : "I..will let your men:throw first. Col :nel Cody. you and the lieutenant being .lhe last." . "All right. anyway : in fact. I don't care if I. don't throw at all," - replied -ody, with grim :humor'in the face .of death. ' Lieutenant Seaford smiled, abd then, ha his face grew serious, he said, as Cole stepped • forward, he having been the first called by the renegade chief: "Do your best, my man, for you are as liable to win as lose." "God bless you, sir; but I'll lose," re •plied Cole. as he took the box in a izand as firm as iron. He glanced over tihe Indian faces upturned to his, and ,'ith a reckless smile, said: "Here goes!" He threw the dice, calmly raised the box, and the renegade chief called "Two sixes, a pair of fours, and an .ace--twenty-one. I guess you'll be one of the three, pard." "I. know I will-it's pre-ordained," was the cool rejoinder; and the 'scout Cole stepped aside, his face pale, but . ?earless. . Scout LVallace was next He hobbled forward with his irons, took the box, and, turning to Cody, said. earnestly: STd -rather lose than have you do so, -?hief, for you have a great future be .tore you." "It may end right here. pyrd; but I bhankl you fqr the words;" and Cody and the others watched Scout Wallace as-he rattled the dice In' thi -bbx and then threw. Ie. hesitated- before e heraised the box: then quickly did so, and the renegade chief, as before, counted: "A pair of fives, one six, one four, and one deuce --twenty-one." The renegade chief called -out to the Indians the result of the throw, and 'they heard it with Intense Interest. Wallace then stepped back, and Scout Preston, a handsome young fellow, and '"an inveterate gambler among his com " raes, stepped forward. ' 'Renegsde, I'll bet yout my belt of arms you robbed me of against fifty dol lars that I beat the throw. just made," -'ie said. recklessly, \- 'T11 take the bet." eagerly answered the renegade chief; and, .turning to t!ody. Scout Preston continued: *"Chief.. if I am one of the unlucky three, make Renegade pay the bet if I :r?n.in my thrrow,'andif you geCtthroughl "11 right, send my money and what I :have at'the fort to my mother. Her ad .drees is on your books.': - - With this he. glanced. rekleasly over idte crowd of Indians, 'winked it a pretty ,'tdian·igirlnesr.him, and said, addres sinog the renegade chief: " i "Here goes, assistant head devil!" T he renegade chief, evidently a born rambler himself, sprang;, quickly for wiard to note the throw b? Scout Pres .ton, the latter standing by. his reckless "smile upon his fearless face, and yet betraying real interest to see if he had won his bet with his captor. "'Three sizes and two threes--twen ty-four!" called out the renegade chief, -and he repeated it in the Indian tongue. "It is a good throw, and you have won trour bet with me," the renegade ad -rnitted. "That is some consolation, at least, if :you pay it," observed Preston; and as h'.e stepped back, -he added: "Luck to yoau. lieutenant, and to the chief." +- Lieutenant Seaford was calm and ser -ions. His face was utterly fearless, tand as lie took up the box he shook it, but found there were no dice in it. The renegade handed the five dice to , him, and he dropped them into the box tr-ith a.hand in which there was not the slightett tremor. "I can hardly wish myself luck. com rades; for what would be my life would be your death," he said, with a smile; .and then he made his throw,. Raising, the box when the renegade's eyes caught the throw, he called out: " "Five fives--twenty-five! You have lescaped, lieutenant; and it now remains to see what Colonel Cody will do." W o change crossed the face of the handsome, brave young officer, and he elepped back to give place to Cody. The Indians, however, showed their aisappointment at the officer's escape. iNThey knew that he was a chief, being ;an officer, and they wished to see him ,-dle. As Colonel Cody was the next,and last, they quickly calmed down to see the ,result of his throw.,- They one and all :longed to see him throw a number that ,-would doom *him then and there to death. ;. The circleof chiefs crowded nearer, dnd old FRed Lightning drew closer and :,watched the proceedings with the deep OSt interest. "'Renegade, I'll bet you the money you Stole from me against alike sum that :Colonel Cody throws high, for you can't imown his luck." "I won't take the bet," growled the deoegade. - .What. back down . from a dying man," sneered Scoat Preston. - Stung by the words, the renegade chief Gaid, hotly: - I'Tll take the bet". "Good! -Remember, Chief Cody,?T ,lad eighty dollars lthat.he stole from me; so he's got to pay yon that sum,; .Ond it goes to my-mother; too." - . "Bless- your brave soul, Preston! You are one among a thousand." warmly ?sid the lieutenant, as he grasped the shand of the fearless young scout. ?aody stepped forward,with a smile up .On his face. 4 The dark bronze of long. exposure to Jthe elements hid any paleness his face lmight otherwise have -shown,- but in looks and actions he was serene as a. May rmorning. He took up the dice p0x, but, as before, it was empty. The renegade, handing him the dice, remark "Now, Cody, your turn at the death ttstle." -t1Calmly Colonel Cody loolked over the ranks of the red faces upturned to his. Where was not a sound, and every eye ,jas upon him, for all in that vast crowd of. braves, squaws, and .children knew ra-e has-ia. They admired . courage above all Things, and yet-had grieved that not one p- their pale-face foes had shrunk with. -_ear from the presence of death. , 'Into the box the great scout droppe.' S??te dice and, turning to his comrades. l'said, quietly- - ' ?emember; pards, 'my throw settles 'hrao the unlucky-three are to be;' but be they,who they,may, he must show gLese red devils that when nerve and aluck were given out Mister Lo didn't -get it all." 't. yell burst involuntarily from the lips of Scout Preston that falrly:startled I number of thek Indians and set a hun 1~ed pappooses *n squalling and as many fadlan dogs' to barking, at which the keckless young borderman laughed, and aJzd:. 7-t've started every family organ in te -place. I didn't mean to do that, \- Colonel Cody had to smile in spite of himself at the bedlam raised by the ,war cry of Preston, and as the pIapposes lad been silenced and the dogs kicked out of the crowd, he made the last fthrow. Quietly he raised the box. and in an _jrnest tone. that seemed to indicate 'pleau?re at the result. the renegade chief allted_ out: -"Five six;e. Tlgiirty!' ; 'Your three scouts. Colonel Cody, are tie doomed trioe" CHAPTER LTL REVENGE. S'ot- one of the tl~ree. scouts flinched under: the- doom that' hrd overtikent them. .buit calml lodoked at: each other.. Cody imis the first to spea and iezad dresed- the renegade. ':Se?ere,. chief, i-ou h.ve Influence In thisttribe. so-use it. to save rmy comn rides;" "I cannot. I "stretched my authority toon-farin delaying the'day of revenge, and in oaying that but three should now die. I even told them that the Great Spirit had conic to me in a dream, and said that three only should die now, the otheis leing kept for a great day of the tribe, when the snows should melt.' I tell you, I wanted to use all of you for a. game of my own, but Ihad to let three go. You and the lleutenaint are safe." "Yes, and. our three unfortunate com I:des are doomed,";.sadly _said Cody, h!ile.Lleutenasit Seaford-spoke up: "See.here. chief. I am not a poor man, and if Red Lightning will spare those uien;. I will send to the- frt and get blankets,.clothing and priovisions :for him and hispeople." 'I will ,sk him.' And the renegade wenrt apart and held an earnest conversation with the head chief. fut old Red Lightning was seen to shake his head, and then turn to the chiefs of war bands. But they, too, shook their heads, and: returning. : the renegade-said: "It is useless. The chief says his people must have their revenge, and they are only sorry that all of you do not suffer to-day." "Don't beg him for our lives, chief, for it will do no good," said Scout Pres ton. "No, we.have to go," Cole added, while Wallace rejoinedi "Let us-get ready, pards, for the red devils are becoming bloodthirsty." \- Cody stretched forth his manacled hands and -rasped a hand of each scout In silent farewell, Lieutenant Seaford doing the same. Then the three men were placed against some trees side by side, and were bound there. The In dians opened an avenue before them, nod "behind them no one stood. The chiefs then circled. round them three times, the. braves.folloi~ing their example and. chaintiilugia wild song as they did so. - Upon the little hill. stood Red Light ning, the renegade, and several medicine chiefs, and in their midst were Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. They were stern-faced now, their lips hard set and their eyes burning with a fierce light as they bent.them upon their doomed comrades, whom they were pow erless to help. - The three doomed scouts did not wince at the preparations for their death, but, lassoed to the trees at their backs awaited the appalling ordeal through which they must pass. The braves having circled thrice round the trio, passed to one side, and the young bucks followed, after which the women and children moved by, heaping upon them every indignity they could offer.. "I' s iarder for you and the lieutenanl. ichief, t4lan'for ui to bear." called out Scout Preston, while Wallace shouted: "Only remember all this if you escape. Yes,'don't forget what Indian revenge is, lieutenant, when you talk to the good iisslonarles East," cried Cole. "'ye -vill *not forget," responded Cody; and as he spoke the-young liucks took a stand In front of the prisoners, and at arrowshot distance from them. At the command of a young leader they began to shoot, and arrow after arrow was sent at its human target. And arrow after arrow cut the flesh, though none struck a vital part: for killing their foes quickly would not be sweet revenge long drawn out. The brave prisoners shuddered as an arrow would cut into the flesh, but there was no outcry, no appeal.for a mercy that was unknown. They had nerved themselves to suffer and be strong - to bear all and die like the true braves they were. Grat beads of sweat stood out upon the brows of Lieutenant- Seaford and Colonel Cpdy. thdugh the day was very cold, and their faces grew haggard, their eyes sunken, as they stood there and were compelled to witness the sickening sight - The young bucks were. then waved aside, the warriors took their places, and arrow after arrow was sent upon its mission to cut the flesh hut not to kill, until at last human nature could bear no more, and. weakened by the loss of blood, the head of one of the scouts fell forward, alrother followed -soon after, and then, with a wild:death-cry of de spair, Scout Preston's soul also took its flight from its angulsh-racked body. CHAPTER LIL-A SPECTRE IN. CAMP. Strange stories the Indians told of the range of-mountains beyond them being the abiding-place of spirits. It was even told by the braves that they had seen these spirits riding, about the range in which their visit was usual and there were scores of Indians who asserted that a white horse and rider had ridden twice at night through their own village. In the whole tribe there was not an Indian.who would have dared raise rifle or bow against the welrd being in white, which they believed had come back from the happy hunting-grounds to per form some duty on earth. The renegade chief had told his prl soners of these stories of the Indians, and furthermore had added that one night he had seeii the spectre himself and had given chasetfb it, bitihe might just as wellhave tried to ov?ertake the wind as the -whitehorse he was pur suin '. - " - --' : . ' - . -- .. "'I am not superstitious;? but I would not. like that white horse and rider to cross. my path;, again-fro, not -for. a fortune:. he had said. This was the- day before the death of the three unfortunate seouts,?ind Colonel Cody had made no comment; though he and his companions had-listened to the .recital of the renegade fwith deep inte rest. ' When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford had seen their friends : die, -th scout had asked the renegade chief to allow them to bury them. "I dare not now; but to-night I will go with you, and you can carry them.off out of the valley and bury them if you wish," he answered. Colonel Cody was only too glad to get the chance, and said to the lieutenant as they were being ledto their cabin: '"I only hope that he will go alone with us.". ;Once in their logTrison again the two men sat down dejectedly before the blazing fire, for the renegade threw on fresh logs before leaving them. They had seen the black looks cast at then?i by the Indians becaulse they had not shared the fate'of their comrades, and they were hooted all the way to their cabin. i'Ift Ealone by the renegade, though they 'wellt knew-? there, were Indian guards outside,'they sat in silence, their thoughts reverting to the dead, arrow pierced forms of their beloved comrades., still tied to the trees where they had been shot to death. The renegade had told theta that they must get their own supper as best they could, ironed as they were; for he was going to take his meal with Red Light ning, at whose tepee there was to be a pow- wow. They made no reply,. and. having no desire to eat, sat in gloomy silence. un able to shut out the horrible sight they had been forced to witness. They did not talk-their hearts swere too full for that; but silently they waited while the hours glided away. Then the reneg:tde chief returned., nd seemed surprised that they had eaten no suple.r nor had gonle to bed. "Don't tmope, for it will do no good," lie said. They made no reply, and lie con tinued: Y?ou were in great luck to have me run the game for you. for the chances are that one of you would not have thrown as hight as you did had I not fixed it." 'What do youi mean?" sternly de mnded: Colonl Cody. l"Goodnerss!are you angry because I hielpedl you ?ut?"- asked the maid: `'Come, explaln what yoi .mean,'. im patiently urged LieutenantSecaford. "See here, Ife beeni a'ganbler all my life, and a card=sharpr as well, I may say.'- I had to yield'to the pressureand let °three of your men die, though, for thei purpose I had in view, I would like to have-spared all of you. Not -from mercy, mind you, but for a purpose. Well, I could use an officer of the army and Colonel Cody, chief of scouts, better than I could three ordinary scouts; so; as I go loaded for what turns up, I just played my loaded dice on you two, the other three playing the unloaded ones. Do you understand?" "Yes; I see. that we doubtless owe our lives to your infernal treachery:, for which, if it were ininy power,. 1:would break every.bone in your body, though it were on myy behalf," retorted Colonel Cody?, ,wlil~ Lieutenant Seaford sternly supplemented: ."'Yes; though 'your .treacheri, to, our. comrades doubtless sav-ed- us,, for: their throws were high, 3;ou are a most. des pitcable wretch. We should have taken our chances with them." :--' The renegade chief rose as though in. a .rage, but before he 'could spcak' the door flew open, and a brave sprang into the cabin, calling out that the spirit from the happy hunting-grounds whas in the village ! . '.'y God ! the White Spectre in camp ?" came with a groan from the lips of the renegade chief, and he turned' with an:almost despairing look to :his two prisoners, as if looking to them for help. . . CHAPTEt LIII.-FROM THE HAPPZ HUNTING-GROUNDS. "Let us see that spectre," said Colonel Cody, hobbling towards the door as fast as-.he could, ironed as he was. "No, no; I'li not look at it!" cried the renegade, who now was trembling from head tb foot '"There's another point in which we differ," said Lieutenant Seaford. -."I wish to.see it;""andi hehobbled towards the door:. : "Lit tmy young men stand firm and give no alarm !" - the renegade chief or dered. still-keeping his place in the full glare of the fire. The young men of the renegade's band seemed to have no desire to move . or give any alarm. There' were several of them without the cabin as guards, and they stood in silent awe, gazing at what they deemed was a visitant from the happy hunting-grounds. It was after midnight, and there was a crescent moon which was nearing the horizon, but it gave light enough to show that the whole village was wrapped in repose, save those at the renegade's cabin and the ghostly visitors-for there were two of them. When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford reached the cabin door they beheld a sight that was indeed startling to a superstitious mind. The snow and the moonlight together, with the dark mountain sides, gave a weird light, by whose glow' they saw, slowly riding down the valley, two horsemen, and fol lowing In single file were three horses. The riders and their horses, even the three following, wei'e white as the snow, and flowing robes fell about them. Straight past the cabin they rode, and passed on to the little rise, above which grew the trees to which the bodies- of the dead scouts were still bound. Here they halted, the riders dis mounted, and the five horses gathered close round them, at which movement the two prisoners and the Indian braves looked on in silent amazement-the red skins in deepest awe, while the rene gade within still crouched in the full glare of the firelight For some minutes-it seemed to the lookers-on a long time-the white-robed forms and steeds remained about the trees, distant several hundred yards from the cabin, and-the weird moonlight revealing their every movement. What did it mean? Who were they? What was their purpose? Then the scout and Lieut. Seaford, as well as the red-skin guards, saw the horses turn from the trees, and each ut tered an exclamation of surprise as they beheld not only two, but five white robed riders, as the horses retraced the trail they had come. "Chief, these are two spirits, and they have come for'our dead friends; for now theire are five spirit spectre horsemen going- ranck up the =valley, returning. to lhe happy liunting-gromnds,"'said Cody, to the renegade, who only. drew closer to the fire at the announcement. Baclk up the trail the fiie horsemen, robed in white, went, until they disap penred in the deep shadowi of the range. "What do you make of it, Cody ?" whispered Lieutenant Seaford, "The Surgeon Scout playing ghost, I take it," was the low reply. "Let us tell the chief all that we saw." "No, the braves will do that, and we must listen to them.". Then the young braves entered the cabin, and they told their chief what they had seen. adding: "The spirits came -from the happy hunting-grounds, and took the dead pale-faces back with them" The renegade listened with a look of unutterable terror on his face, and hoarsely ordered that his young men should go to the trees and see if the bodies of the dead scouts were there. Two of them darted away, and when -they returned they both told the; same story-the three dead scouts were gone. "That saves us the duty of burying them, for we were waiting for you to go with us as you promised to-night, ob served Cody. "I would'not go out of tils cabin to night for a fortune. Tell me, Cody, ilo you really believe that the dead come back to the earth in spirit form?" "Have we not seen proof of it?" was Cody's uncompromising reply. "And-you, lieutenant-for you were brought up amorig"the superstitious men of the frontier--do you believe there-are really haunting spirits to come back to earth?" -."I believe what I see, chief, and I dis tinctly saw to-night that which I cannot accodnt for. I think you made a sad mistake in murdering .our noble com rades," solemnly responded Lieutenant Seaford. - "My God! I could not help it! It was forced upon me; and now I shall go mad if they, too, are to haunt me, for already anothler from the grave is about me day and night;" and the renegade chief buried Ills face in Iris hands as though to shut out some dread haunting spectre of tile past. CHAPTER LIV.-A HAUNTED MAN. Both Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seafodl were deeply Impressed with what they had seen, and yet could not account for. Not for a monient did they believe in the supernatural, and yet it was unaccountable to them how they had seen two spectre-looking horsemen ride into the village, halt a:t the trees where hung the bodies of their slain coin rndes. aid then live white-robed forms ride away like seeming phllntomtts. "It's more than I can grasp." muttered Cody to the lieutenant: and yet hli. sur prise did not trevent hint frTnt wishinlt to m-aklc the renega:le stifler for his crimes, and seeing this Iieutenlnt Sea ford chimed in with him. They had discovered that ithe renegalde trwoltk* with a nightmllare evstry night, thait he shouted out in his sl.ep, atlind was frequently fightinlg off a spectre 111 his dreams. They werer convinced that hlie had committted some heinýius crilne and that there was a womanal who ha:d been the sultYrer. But nowi. they discov ered that hlie was suffering great mential anguish when wide awake. His crimes, his wild life. and dwelling anlongl the redskins had mad:e himn as su perstitious as the Indians who hald mtade him a chief in their tribe. In spite of their feelings towards the man, the scout and tile officer were both compelled to pity him in the anguish he suffered, when he cried out: "For the love of Heaven, gentlemsn, tell me if.you believe that spirits of the dead walk the earth?" 'I have never believed so, and think now there is an explanation for what we saw, if we could only get at it,"' Lieutenant Seafordi sid, compassion ately. "But you saw them, Colonel Cody?" "Oh; yes, I saw'a sight that I cannot explain." "Were you ever a haunted man?" "I am;" and there _,was a world of meaning in the words and the manner in which they were spoken. As the two prisoners did not pursue, the matter further, the'renegade chief rose, paced to and fro for awhile, and then throwing more.logs on the fire, went o ver to his,bunk In the other end of the. abin to retire. "If you hear me groaning in my sleep, I beg you to-awaken me," he said ear nestly; and they both promised. They were impressed with, the mani-; for;iin spite of his face in all its hideous -war- paint, they saw that it. was a fine one; ahd his language and manners indi cated that he had been a gentleman and eiared Iin-ieflnemet. You think it w-as Powell, then, playing off the ghost?" whispered Lieutenant Seaford, as the two sat before the fire, and the steady breathing of the renegade showed that he was asleep. "It flashed upon me that it was Powell." "I have known him to do some very reckless and clever things to rescue a friend in need." - "But you forget-your Ghost of -the -Mountains?" S"Ah, yes; I had 'forgotten him.- But then that was the other range of moun tains which he haunted.'! S....?. . "True; but he proved yoir friend more than once. and nmy be'doing so again." 1 "It may be;but .there was-.a pairt of them to-night.'" . "Five, as -they, rode, away." 'But how do you account for that most clever act?" - '' I hardly know: If. it 'was -Frank Powell,: he has one of my scouts: aidng him, ad. it was a' desperately- oldgaane for them: to enter this .village- ass they "And carry off the three -bodies, too. I, cannot understand that 'performanise Cody.' :"Nori can; I, .lieutena,': "May; not Powell . hic'le met your friendly ghost and joined forces with' him?" _ "Ahh that may be. - But whoever it was who was playing .the ghost nmust have. been aware . that our tlu?'ee com r'sdes were killed to-day- they doubtlesS; witnessing ,the whole affair .from the mountains." . "Yes; and if they can. carry off :the dead, the living a many not be neglected." "That is just what I was thinking, and I fancy we had better be on the look-out for more ghostly visitors. If they only knew it. they would find noth ing to harm them here, for the renegade would die with fright and the young bucks stand calnmly and see them rescue us. But now let us try and sleep, str Ali there is the renegade chased by a1 whole graveyard full of-ghosts from the way lie howls." ''And Cody hastened over to awakenI the haunted man. who was suffering untold- ageny in his dreams: (To be Continued,) 