Liverpool Plains. THE HISTORY OF A CONVICT. (Continued.) (BY THE MUFF.) Our rations consisted daily of one pound and a half of flour, from which twelve per cent of bran had been subtracted, one pound and a half of salt meat, and half an ounce of soap, 110 tea, 110 vegetables. The flour was made into cakes called damper, cooked in a frying-pan, or in the ashes, aud the convict who did not keep a good look out on his provisions was certain to be robbed by his comrades; and some men have been plundered to such an extent as actually to have been on the verge of starvation. I had not been at Macquarie Harbour 11101 e than five months, when Stephens and McChizzle arrived, and were added to ou chain gang. This punishment they had incurred for having endeavoured to escape from Sydney, where they had been treated with some indulgence in consequence of their station in life previous to their sentence in England. So miserable was I, with hard work and scanty food, that I resolved to leave the place, or perish in the attempt. I communicated my design to Stephens and McChizzle, and they agreed to accompany me. Escape from Macquarie was known to .be a most difficult undertaking, and few convicts who essayed it were ever able to reach the settlements in other parts of the colony. They were either murdered by their comrades for a supply of food, or perished in the bush. Formidable forests had to be traversed, and the chance of catching kangaroos was the only prospect of obtaining the means of existence. Nevertheless, I resolved to dare all those horrors and fearful risks rather than remain at Phillip Creek, five or. six others, in addition toStepheris and McChizzle, agreed to adopt this desperate venture with me, and one night we stole away to the number of ten from the hut's. t a a a m c r f t s s f W f a f '- j o g t m p Yes, we thus set out on this tremendous undertaking, each individual possessing 110 more food than was sufficient for a single meal. And ere the sun rose all our store was consumed, and we found ourselves in the middle of a vast forest, without a guide, without victuals—almost" without a hope ; convicts are not the men to cheer each other ; misfortunes have made them selfish, brutal and sulky. We toiled on in comparative silence. One of my companions, who had been ten years at Macquarie Harbour, was well acquainted with the mode in which the natives search for traces of the opposum, and when hunger began to press upon us, I10 examined every tree with a hollow limb, also the adjacent trees, for marks of the opossum's claws. For I must tell you that this animal is so sagacious that it usually runs up a neighbouring tree and thence jumps to the one wherein its retreat is, in order to avcid being traced. The convict to whom I here alluded, and whose name was Blackley, at r length discovered the trail of an opossum and climbed up the tree in which its hole was found, by means of successive notches in the bark to place the great toe in. Having reached the hole and hrust in his hand he seized the nimal by the tail, pulled it out nd killed it by a swinging blow gainst the trunk. We, however ade a fire cooked it, and thus ontrived just to mitigate the teribl e cravi ngs of h u n ger. O n th e ollowing day Blackley managed o kill a kangaioo weighing about ixty pounds, and thus we were upplied with food for three or our days, acting economically. e continued our way amidst the orest, which appeared endless, nd in due time the kangaroo's lesh -was -consumed. Blackley as unwearied in his exertions to provide more food, and so much iuie was wasted in these endeavurs, that we made but little proress in -our journey. And now o our terror, Blackley could find 10 more oppossums, could kill no ore kangaroos. We grew deseiate, starvation was befoie us. oody, sulky, glaring on each ther with u horribly significant erocity, we dragged. ourselves long. • Four days elapsed, and ot a mouthful of food had we touched. On the fifth night, we made a fire and sat round it at a considerable distance from each other. We all endeavoured to remain awake; we trembled at the approach of drowsiness, for we knew the consequences of sleep in our desperate condition. There we sat, none uttering a word, with cracked and bloody lips, parched throat, eyes glowing with cannibal fires, our minds a prey to the most appalling thoughts. At length McChizzle the lawyer, fell back in a sound slumber, having no doubt fouud it impossible to bear up against the weariness which was creeping over him. Then Blackley rose and went farther into the bush. It required no ghost to tell us that he had gone to cut a club for a horrible purpose. The most breathless silence prevailed. At length there was a strange rusting amongst the trees at -a little distance, and then cries of indescribable agony fell upon our ears, These tokens of distress were in the voice of Blackley, who called us by name one after another. A vague idea of the real truth rivetted us to the spot and in a short time the cries ceased altogether. Oh, what a right of horror was that ! An hour had elapsed since Blackley's disappearance, and we had ceased to trouble ourselves concerning his fate; our own intolerable cravings for food were the sole objects of our thoughts. Nor was McChizzle doomed to escape death. A convict named Felton determined to execute the purpose which Blackley had entertained though in a diflerent manner, Afraid to venture away from the party to cut a bludgeon he drew a large claspe knife from his pocket and plunged the long sharp blade into the breast of the sleeper. A cry of horror burst from Stephens^'aud myself, and we rushed forward—now that it was unfortunately too late to save the victim. We were well aware of the man's intentions when he approached his victim, but it was not until the blow was struck that we had the courage to interfere. It was however, as I have said too late, McChizzle expired without a groan. (To be continued.) 