Queensland Parliament LEGISLATIVE SIFTINGSt— BY PfcBBEIAN. ? THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13. — Early on Thursday afternoon Cross took iiotlo^Comiuittee: Ms little' bill to~libolish attachment of ^wages, aud when moving nlaiiw* 'L which nro vides that the wages or salary of a servant, labourer, or workman up to *3 per week should be free from attachment, explain'd that his object was to procure the latest measure of reform immediately possible of Xnment. Compared to the U whoh fce introduced four years age L «^,f ™ measure, he said, was simplicity itself^und, Sg that the late Premferhad approved of th-- principle, urged that it would be an Excellent thing to nxlopt.it with such modi ficatioiis as the Committee might think advisable. Anticipating Drake's intention^ however, he deprecated any attempt to Seethe scope of the bill inthe direction of including persons engaged in clerical labour. Drake considered that the clause inthe form submitted smacked somewhat not Sot class legislation, but of aelfishne^, because it provided relief only fom numer oTS political* powerful cto *J f* it Mt * smaller and less powerful class (those engaged in xslerical labour) un- \ bi tieTof their .getting relief. He urged ! that the Committee should consider the wisdom of proceeding upon one definite nrinciple-^that a man, whatever might ne i hS hardships, difficulties', or troubles, should not bVstrippedof all his earnings, and that they should make the bill ap pUcable to clerical a- well as to manual workers. With that object m view Mn Drake moved an amendment to omit the words -servant, labourer, or workman, witha view of inserting 'persons (male or labour,' whSl was exectf y similar to the awendmehtbehad moved on the Govern mentbill. * * ? ' A spirited discussion ensued, and some hard knocks were exchanged by Cross and Drake, 3»etween whom there *s never much Seal love lost. Messrs. Fitepmld and Key Jjarraeked tmergetically for Cross « bmZintroduced^ancl theiTMimsters and theirfollowers waded in to waste time, King the debate going till aye minute* S« o'clock (closeof private member^ time), when a division was taken. Drakes amendment to include persons engaged w clerical labour was carried by 35 votes to 8, _ ^majority of the Lato Party present supporting the amendment. After the tea-hour adjournment the House settled down to the consideration of Government business, which consisted of an iiintK^nt-lodking ^leasur^^ntiUed^e Officials in Parliament Bill, submitted by Premier Dickson for its second reading. The measure was not nearly so innocent as it looked, nor yet w - imunportont » Minister? pretended. It is even doubtful now after the lengthy debate which to .k S, whether the full elfect of the bi£ if It had had the misfortune to pass, has been fully anticipated by its opponents It contains a very suspicious validating clause, which would indicate to the inquiring mind that some illegal act has bee* i per formed necessitating the passage of a bill to make it legal. Truth and time will yet unearth much more of the political trickery -and treachery of this Continuous Minis terial gang. ~ ' | ' I wish it to be distinctly understood that this bill was deliberately framed and thought over by our ia$e lamented Premier, Mr. Byrnes,' was the sophisticated, pre liminary remark of 'Oily James' ur intro- ducing his second reading speech and with which he thought to successfully lubricate the bill's passage through the Assembly. 'The bill is intended to convenience Ministers who have occasion for temporary ? purposes to leave-their-offices and_to ask Some of their colleagues to perform their duties during their absebce,' he went on to explain, and 'merely seeks to, validate the performance by members of our Cabinet of certain acts which they.^s tocum. tawns for the Minister, perform on his behalf, and which cannot be published or claimed unless the signature of the dc facto head of the department is attached.' How very innocent the hon. gentleman makes the bill aWar to those who are foolish enough to ffigulled!^ Glassey saw through the bill. 'If it thehead of the Government, ♦'agentle Council may hold any office, and be — . . ^Sbleto'whom? M«d^ojta«v«i CabSnet colleagues, whoever They' imsy happen to be, but certainly not respon sible Jo the people in this Chamber.' Inat would be a drastic change in our system, and*6ne which Glassey absolutely declined to agree to. i ?_'?_'.?_!? ''_?' 'zzz*^- _;? Toxton endeavoured^ to muuiiHse the import/anee^ the bill, but arttu-jor*yof the House was in no mood to $e tnnea with on this occasion, whatever it tiad been willing to agree to previously. Maedonald .Pfttersoft led the_attack from within the fiowrnmentjauksT And declar*^ ins strong hostility to the Government on thiBmea sure. Some people say he merely did ttas because he is a disappointed office-seeker. Be that as it may, Mac-Pateraon was seriously and intensely annoyed for some reason. He complained that the Minis terial supporters had not been token into the confidence of the Government ; that fi«-w wot* hrincr told thev had to follow everything that is found m the box of the late Premier; that it was a coincidence— probably undesigned— that this bill came along on the heels of a Ministerial appoint ment which had not found favour externally to the Ministry themselves ; and that members who had followed this Continuous Ministry through thick and thin, in dark ness and in light, in all the political storms that have arisen during the last eight or nine years, were now passed aside for one who is practically a neophyte in politics. ' Bless my soul !' declared the eloquent Mac-Patersou, 'I say it would be more justi6able for the Premier to take the hon. member for Flinders into his confidence than to do what has been done recently. From this oat the talk was left almost entirely to men sitting on and around the Ministerial benches. Bell followed Mac donald-Patersou and spoke warmly and effectively in opposition to the bill, more particularly as it related to the appointment of the Hon. G W. Gray, M.L.C., to a seat in the Cabinet, which appointment Joey described as a ' mere^prat-thrown out to catch the Roman Catholic mackerel.' Such a charge could not help but bring a storm of indignation from the Government benches round about Joey ; but he with stood it all and before he closed told the House, in clear aud unmistakeable English, in spite of repeated interference from Mr. Speaker, that he devoutly houed the people whose votes it was expected to catch by that appointment would not be deluded. # * « ? ? . Several other speeches intervened, in cluding a bitter, ^pleenful one from the Secretary for Public Instruction, who was not alone in his display of extreme uneasi ness concerning the weakness of the Government on this bill, before Johnny Leahy, the leader of 'the Adullamite cave/' came to Bell's rescue. In the course of his remarks Leahy said: 'Witn regard to the denomination the hon. member for Dalby referred to, I can only say that he emphasised the feelings of that body, who think that this appointment is a slap in the face to a body, of men who are no better and no worse than any other body. Leahy's anxiety to upset ;' DicksonV equilibrium and thus secure a little ' sat. over recent caucus incidents had occasioned him a few very busy hours during the evening. But notwithstanding this fact the -member for Bulloo kept his witwto gether and during his severe critique put in some ?pertinent posers. 'The hon. gentleman for whom this bill has been brought in is going to be amember of this Cabinet, at all events,' went on Mr. Leahy, when the Premier interjected, 'There is absolutely no connection between the two things.' 'Does the hon. gentle man say that if this bill has no connection with that hon. gentleman at the present time it may not have the closest connection with him to-morrow? Does the hon. gentleman wish to insult our intelligence? queried Leahy. Dickson was as mute as a mouse and as white with fear as a ghost. ? « » ? * ? Referring to the Continuous Ministry which Johnny had up to this moment so loyally supported, he said : 'What I object to this continuity for is that it has reduced members ivho ought to have backbone into allowing Government to assume an auto cratic position. They have ho say what ever. This is the i ret night in the history of this Parliament for many years on which hon. members have risen to the position which they should occupy, and I am very glad to see it.' ? ? *- ~* * Philp, usually a cool and collected in dividual, showed his intense discomfiture as much if not more than any other Minis ter. The inevitable defeat which stared him in the face seemed to have played havoc with his nervous system, despite the' desperate efforts he made to view the bUl lightly.- His utterances were disr connected, and his arguments senseless. His statement that 'the bill had no mean ing at all,' was a very serious reflection on ! the intelligence and ability of his late lamented leader. ? I # * * A Premier performing the duties of whip _Jiiji novel Right. ThosejviuLhad4hegood fortune to be in the HouRe on^ Thursday evening had full opportunity of witnessing —this novelty. Dickson glided round the Chamber anxiously during the evening He spent some time with Story, and -m~ dently succeeded in turning that iaember from his original intention, for shortly afterwards he intimated that he would support the bill Then 'Oily James' turned his attention to Wiffism Henry; Groom. One can only suspect the object of the half -hour's confab in the far corner of the back Opposition bench. However, it does not appear to have resulted fruitfully. Though there ought to have been no diffi culty in uniting two such jaily substances. .__. ? m ? * ? !(„= ? ^ Jack Atinear and Tom Finney also lent their assistance as whips, and both .patheti cally appealed to' Government supporters not to defeat the bill out of respect for the dead chief. Hamilton, the whip-in-chief of the Government Party, was too fully nraunied in counting heads And ^sending telephonic messages to absent Ministerial supporters to do any ear-wigging. Jack Leahy and his little cave kept a close eye upon each other, while the members of the Labour Party brought up their sick whip (Browne) and Carpentaria Sim, who was suffering' 'from measles, t» record their votes agin the Government. » # * Shortly after 11 ocloekrthe 'Premier replied and sought to intimidate his mal contents by this argument, fittingly described by Kidston as a ' scandalous argument,' 'The bill which has been brought forward was part of the policy of the late Premier, and if hon. members vote against it they must jrjeopncjlejjit to their consciences (hat they vote against the policy of a gentleman whom they respected as their leader* ? * » The motion that the biU be now read a second time was put to division, and defeated as follows : Ayks, 27. Messrs. Dickson, Foxton, Philp, Grimes, lalrymple, Murray, Chataway, O'Conneil, M'Master, Fiuney, Collins, Stephensou, Story' Stumui, OorfielH, Newell, Stodart, Bartholomew, Cribb, Hamilton, Lissner, Bridges, Lord, Tooth, Castling, M'Gahan, and Annear. Noes, 34. Messrs. Glassey, Cross, Maughan, King, Leahy, M'Donnell, Keogh, Dunsford, Daniels, Jackson, Dawson, Kerr, Turley, Macd nald-Paterson, Jenkinson, M'Donald Stephens, Armstrong, Bell, Curtis, Drake, Boles, Groom, Moore, Petrie, Fogarty, Dibley, W. Thorn, Sim, Hrowne, Kidston, Hardacre, Fitzgerald, and Stewart. * ? » 111 the^acex-f this substantial defeat the Government proceeded with the first read ing of the Towns ville Mun cipal Loan Act Repeal Bill, which passed without com nient, only l-eeause leave to introd.ee had been formally given earlier in the evening. However, when Dickson movod the adjournment of the House and to announce that the business on Tuesday would be Supply, Glassey rose to protest. Alter such a manifestation of hostility, more partictdaTly ontbef»artot_his_own._sup porters, Glassy said ihe House had aright to hear irom the Premier He *aid further that if the Government intended to go on in the face of Mich a substantial defeat it .was Jtheir_own Jookout, and' that it would lie ior the House to protect^itself and compel them to wind up the husiuessof the session, ask for Supply, and go to the electors. « 9 ' m This was the Premier's reply : 'I may say that 1 do not accept the divi-ion as any in dication of the real feeling of the House. I am quite prepared to meet the hon. gentleman in fair fight, and if he chooses to table a motion of want of confidence I will abide by its decision. I challenge him to do it.' * » * Then Charlie M'Donald appeared on the scene, and said: 'As the Speaker has started throwing ouirciiaiteiigesrl^illenge: him to show me one solitary instance in~ the history of Australian politics when a Premier, after he was defeated on »the second reading of a Bill of this nature, had tl\e audacity to carry on the business of the country. The division to-night was no catch division. It was taken in as full a House as there could possibly be. Thirty four out.of sixty-nine members— two seats being vacant by rea&on; of death of the members— voted on this side, and there is yourself, Sir, in the chair ; and there are two members absent who would certainly have voted against the Government in this matter ' Turley backed up the challenge, and pointed out that in 18W, when a Bill, winch-was a portion _of the policy of Sir Thomas M 'II wraith, was submitted to this House, and was only carried by the casting vote of the Speaker, that Sir. Thomas M'llwraith stood up in his place in the. House and absolutely declined to carry on the business of the country on the casting vote of the Speaker. I— * * * I Several otter short speeches followed from the other side of the House, and after j-SaTOTriy-Grimes had sung the praises of the Government, which only a few weeks ago he openly condemned, members went home ' to ponder over the crisis, 