THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADO W. Curious stories are told about the powers {lossessed by certain natives of India, who ive up among the Himalaya Mountains. Them old men* it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus tire called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their rem&rkable; performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with \- him to a cave wherein the books were kept. JChe place was dark as the bottom of a, well. ' I can't 6ee to read here,'1 said the visitor. 'Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately {the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave, He could no't tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not Via ig/fogMM -sitadvto. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now lead it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane Ghost. A man who has been ill for some years, and Sailed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends 'tell him of a medicine which they believe will tnuke him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example: — ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our correspondent, ' I fell into a low, Weak, and lanquid state-. I felt low-spirited and out of sort*. At first my stomach was deranged, ?tty 'appetite poor, and after eating I had pain ^ifiil weight at the chest. I was much ?troubled with wind, and frequently spat up % sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I buffered from nervousness and great depression ?of Spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last t heard of Mother Seigel'e Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I bad do reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power oVer disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Sjgntid) ]). Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, *51, Hocklcy Hill, Birmingham, bth June, i893.' There iu a deal of difference between Mr. ^Griffith's -candid letter and the etory about the light that cast no shadow. Tlio lallvr 'may toe true enough, but, it eutniot be Verified without more trouble than it is Mfrth. On the other hand we have a trust worthy witness, who will auswer letters of inquiry, aud can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigcl's Curative Syrup. It acts ou the theory that most ailments arc but symptoms, forms, or phases of thut universal disease — indigestion aud dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearts and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. Our Horsham correspondent, says the Mel bourne Argus of the 19th of December, writes that during the memorable storm of the 19th of November the Catholic Church at Minyip was canted over toan alarmiug extent. Heavy props were placed in position to save it collapsing completely, these being forced into the ground by great spikes. A day or two biucc a whirlwind came, and blew the building into position again. It is now as plump as the day it was built, the spikes holding the props to the ground being drawn by the building righting itself. The Minion Herald states there are a num ber of men in from the bush who are suffering from swollen and crippled legs. According to Dr. Bowkett, the Resident Surgeon of the Winton Hospital, the complaint with which they are affected is Beri Bert — a complaint that is confined chiefly to the tropics and is common in parts of India, Ceylon, aud China. It was probably contracted, the doctor thinks, by drinking foul water ; hub it will clear oil' with Gin. of rain and not reappear probably until there is a similar season or another pro longed drought. The prominent symptoms of Beri Beri, which carried of! many thou sands of the men employed in the construction of the Panama and Suez canals, are numbness, swelling, and partial paralysis of the ex tremities, associated with general weakness, and if the symptoms mount above the knee, the patient is in danger. If the whole body becomes affected, great danger may bo appre hended. Death usually takes place from sudden failure of the heart. Dr. Bowkett says many of the sufferers at Winton will take some time to throw off the disease ; but he has only one case that is causing him any anxiety. 