By A Hair's-Breadth. By HEADON HILL. ?? t (SPECIAL RIGHTS OF SERIAL PUB LICATION SECURED BY' THE 'SUNDAY TIMES' FROM CASSEL L AND CO., LONDON.) 'Is this your notion of doing the civil -o mother and the Baroness, naughty boy?' cried a ringing voice at Fortescue's elbow, and turning he was confronted by as fair a specimen of sprightly English girlhood as ever quickened the pulse of an acknow ledged lover. Laura Metcalf would have Bcornfullv disclaimed any title to be called pretty; her's was rather a piquante, taking face, in which the chief charms were J. matchless complexion and eyes that spar kled with the joy of life. Her figure, though slight, was of the type that is seen, to best advantage in a riding habit. Per haps a little slangy and would-be 'up-to- date,' Miss Metcalf was nevertheless a true woman at heart, a staunch friend, a some what truculent enemy, and devoted to her 'sucking ambassador,' as she irreverently termed Spencer. The latter rose and brought a chair for her. 'I must plead guilty to gross misbeha viour,' he said. 'The fact is, I met an old friend, and we have been chatting. Let me introduce you— Herr Winckel of Munich Miss Metcalf.' 'Jarmed to meet you, mees,' said Vol borth, rising to execute an elephantine bow, which Laura acknowledged by a good natured smile, and a bow that was more than half a nod. . t 'This is really jolly; oply I hope it isn t fast — sitting outside a 'hotel with two men,' she began to chatter. 'And Spen cer, don't worry about not having called this afternoon. The Baroness is full of preparations for to-morrow, getting the windows draped, and all that sort of thing. The spirit of the Lord Mayor's show is up on her.' 'Miss Metcalf is so fortunate as to be staying with the Baroness von Lindberg, who lives next door to the Stadthaus, where the Tsar is to be lodged,' explained Fortescue. 'Ach! but that is most gonvenient, commented Volborth, who had already learned all the local police could tell him about the house and its occupants. 'Oh, don't!' the young lady exclaimed, with a comical grimace. 'That sounds as if we wanted to blow the Tsar up, you know, and we don't, though I'm sure he deserves it — horrid old thing, always send ing people to Siberia. At least, he isn't old, but one always thinks of Tsars as ancient parties of the 'off- with-his-head' sort. And talking of blowing up, we have had some rare fun with the Baroness. The dear old thing has had a regular scare, and nearly trotted off to the police about it. Luckily she didn't, as it turns out.' 'How was that?' asked Fortescue, checking a direct glance at Volborth, but guessing from the increased 'burble' of the great Posen pipe that his friend was more than listening for a story which Miss Metcalf was evidently burning to tell. 'Three or four days ago — that was be fore we reached Breslau,' she rattled on, 'a man called on the Baroness and wanted lodgings. Just think of it! — a Von Lind berg taken for a lodging-house keeper. When she told him she wasn't in the busi ness, he wouldn't take no for an answer, pleaded that he could find lodgings no where else, and finally asked her to name her own price. The idea was so prepos terous that naturally she grew suspicious, and thought of all sorts of horrors, for her house adjoins the Stadthaus, wall to wall you must know, Herr V/inckel. She would certainly have gone to the police but foi- one thing — the man was an American, and said he was a millionaire. The Baroness knew that the silver-king, pork-packing fraternity are capable of trying to buy creation, so she just did nothing. But sha Brmly refused''him permission to the house, and that's where the joke comes in.' 'May we enquire how?' said Fortescue. 'Why the Yankee is coming back; he is to have the room after all, and the funny part is that I am at the bottom of it,' re» turned Miss Metcalf, not noticing the start ?which neither of her hearers could wholly suppress. 'The Baroness had a wire from him this morning to that effect — about a hundred words, though, of course; that's nothing to a millionaire. He says he had got as far as Boulogne on hiB way back, when he recollected that .he . was chummy with one of the Tsar's staff, and that he was returning in the . hope that that would cause the Baroness to alter her mind. The staff officer was thrown in- as a voucher ot his respectability, don't you see? It wouldn't have weighed a bit with the Ba roness, and the poor Yank would have been homeless if she hadn't shown: that wire to me.' And Laura made a tantalis ing pause for effect. : 'We are waiting for the climax,' said Fortescue, quietly. 'Here it is then. Luckily for the prodi gal Yank, he gave the name of his Russian acquaintance, and who should it be but tho Captain Boris Dubrowski, whom my dear lima is going to marry. Of course, that made it as right as ninepence for the pork packer, and the Baroness means doing him well. His name is Delaval — a colonel, ii goes without saying. Hullo! Where's tho Herr off to?' She looked up, wondering why that el derly, vulgar German had started up so excitedly from his chair at the close of a narrative which, she imagined, could have no special concern for him. Fortescue, too, was surprised that his friend should have left the table so abruptly, with a half-mutterd apology; for it was not like Volborth to be taken aback by' the most unexpected of combinations. And then a glance at the opposite sidewalk, towards which the disguised spy was hastening, told him that Laura's unconsciously of fered information, startling as it was,, did not form the immediate cause of the sud den move. That cause was revealed in the lithe, active figure of Inspector Melton walking fast on the other side of the street. 'Herr Winckel has seen another friend, it appears,' said Fortescue, as Volborth ac costed the English detective, and after a hearty handshake paced slowly on with him. 'And now, little woman,' continued the attache, 'you allow that I know a thiDg or two?' 'I am aware that you were born a long time before yesterday,' replied Laura. 'But why this thusness? You have come over as solemn as a mausoleum. It isn't any thing I have done, is it, old boy? You are not jealous of the rich Yank?' They both laughed, their relations being such as to make the jest appreciable. 'No, I am not jealous,' Fortescue re plied. 'But all the same, it is the Ya-.ik over whom I am grizzling. Do you know that, with the best of intentions, you may have got lima Vassili's lover into an un commonly nasty mess?' 'Good gracious, no! How?' exclaimed Laura, her face the picture of alarm. 'In this way. Leaving aside the ques tion of outrages, there is the chance that this American may be using Dubrowski 's name, unauthorised, for purposes of his own. It may be only the ruse of a wealthy man to get what he would call a 'front seat at the show.' But Russian Court etiquette is a truly fearful thing. If it ever came out that the name of an Imperial staff officer had been made use of in that wav. whether by his permission or not, it wouM be bad for that officer. And I can think of at least twenty ways in which it might come out.' Laura's eyes filled with tears at the bare idea of damagingherbelovedllma's fiancee. 'What a donkey I have been!' she cried. 'And the brutes would really make it hot for Captain Dubrowski,. even if no har'n came of it? Well, I'm off to put the mat ter right. I shall tell the Baroness it's all a mistake — that Delaval is a suspicious character, and musn't be admitted under any consideration. If he gets into the house it will have to he over my dead body. Come and see me home, Spencer, and back me up.' He rose at once to accompany her, satis fied with the turn he had given to events, though he thought it likely that they would find Delaval already at the Von Lindberg mansion. The return of Inspector Melton indicated the return of Ms quarry, and his previous flying visit to Breslau having, by Laura's showing, tallied with Delaval's first appearance, it was easy to guess who that quarry was. But Fortescue felt assured that, after what he had said, the American would not be allowed to remain under the Baroness von Lindberg's roof, and if that could be prevented his own object would be gained. This was neither more nor less than to save Boris Dubrowski from further impli cation, while at the same time helping Vol borth to prevent a criminal attempt with out publicity. Though Volborth had not said as much, it was patent to Fortescue's diplomatic mind that .Prince Lobanof's death had placed his friend in an awkward position. Should it come to the Tsar's ears that his faithful old minister had lost his life, and that the Empress had had the narrowest of escapes, as the result of Vol borth's waiting policy, it might go hard with him. And this, difficulty was Increased by the fact of Lobanof having been the only one who could have testified to the mo tives that actuated that policy, after con- | sultation and advice. It was therefore pro bable that it would be to the future action of Dubrowski that Volborth would look li) order to prove his connection with the con spirators. Fortescue told himself that it would be no breach of confidence on his part to hin der-such action, on this occasion at least, seeing that by depriving Delaval of his op portunity he would be aiding Volborth's paramount object — the stoppage, of open at tempts while preparing a swoop on the con spirators at the end of the tour. In coming to his conclusion Fortescue was greatly in- j fluenced by the presence of the English detective, who might be trusted to see that the American was not lost sight of — wher- ever he might go after failing at Breslau. In such haste was Laura Metcalf to withdraw her endorsement of Delaval that they were soon at the dpor of the Von Lindberg mansion — an old sixteenth-cen- I tury building flush with the street, and nestling against the more imposing struc ture in which the Imperial visitors were to be lodged on the morrow. Fortescue fol lowed to the drawing-room, where Lady Metcalf and her hostess were sitting, but on his beginning to pay his respects to the Baroness, with whom he was already acquainted, Laura's impetuosity cut him short. 'I find that I have done the most dread ful thing, dear Baroness,' she cried. 'You mustn't on any account allow that Ameri can to stay in your house on the strength of Captain Dubrowski's name, or the cap tain will be in an awful pickle. It is quite on the cards that the man is an im poster, or something worse, and I ought never to have persuaded you to take him in.' The Baroness — a faded lady with lvm phatic blue eyes md a nervous .affection that was almost St.. Vitus' dance — started up in much trepidation. 'But he has already arrived !' she ex claimed. 'He is now upstairs, attending to his luggage, which has just come from the station on a handcart. He has brought two great portmanteaus, and must mean to stay a month.' 'He won't stay a single hour,' said Miss Metcalf with decision. 'Forgive me, Ba roness, but I brought this on you, and I am going to get you out of it. Will you kindly rlug at once and send for Colonel Dela val.' 'I reckon you've no call to do that, miss. Colonel Delaval stands right here— at your service,' said a voice at the door, and amid gasps from the two elder ladies, Laura turned to face the subject of her uneasi ness. Fortescue did not move' a muscle, but he held himself in readiness. There was an ugly grin on the man's face which he did not like. The Americau looked as if he expected trouble and was prepared to meet it with bravado and perhaps violence. It was the grin of a savn*™ dog threatened with the stick by a stranger. But Laura was too intent on her purpose to heed his looks. She meant to got rid of him— civilly if she could; if not, as she mentally told herself, 'he must have the other thing.' She began sweetly enough: 'Oh, how do you do, Colonel Delaval. You are a friend of Captain Boris Dubrowski. are you not?' 'Boris and I are like brothers,' was the reply, uttered with no relaxation of the previous manner. ? 'Well, then,' proceeded Laura, 'you are probably aware that he is to marry Made moiselle Vassili. She is my dearest friend,,, and naturally I take a great interest in her future husband. I have been told by an experienced person — a person of the great est experience' in the world' (Delaval here j transferred his grin to Fortescue, with a touch of inquiry), 'that he will get into trouble if you stay here on the strength of | his acquaintance. Of course, it's only silly Russian twaddle, but there's no getting i away from it. It's horrid to have to ask [ you — especially a friend of his, you know — | but couldn't you relieve us of your — of our anxieties, I mean? There's the Goldne Gans, or they might take you in at the ! Nord.' I Fortescue, watching closely, had noticed a change come over Delaval's countenance as he understood what was required of him. The smile remained, but the danger signal had disappeared, leaving only an amused tolerance for girlish ignorance. The young f attache was puzzled by this obvious scoun drel's freedom from annoyance at an en forced change of programme. 'Pray, don't say another word; 1 wouldn't discommode ladies to double my dollars,' the American replied. 'If the Barr'ness will kindly have a cab called, I guess I'll clear in a brace of shakes. I don't think a tall heap of your reasons for asking me to quit, but that don't count. I am sorry to have intruded, and I bid you all good-day.' 'How's that for tact? Shan't I make an A1 ambassadress?''' cried Laura, turning to the others' when the door had closed on him. But only her mother heard her, for Fortescue was speaking in a low tone to the Baroness, who had just rung for a ser vant, i js o 'Two portmanteaus, I think you said . Thank you. It may be as well as to verify their departure,' was his comment, wholly incomprehensible to the Baroness, on her reply to his question. And he stationed himself at a window, whencc a few min utes later ho watched the American super intending the bestowal of his two portman teaus in the cab- which had been summon ed. At the same time he caught a glimpse of Inspector Melton, driving slowly by in a second cab, which quickened its pace in pursuit as the first, bearing Delaval, drove away. 'Good! He will be well looked after, hut it will be only fair to Volborth to post him on what has happened,' said Fortes cue to himself, as he turned to make him self agreeable to the ladies. But as soon as he conveniently could he took his leave and retraced his steps to the hotel. Vol borth, however, had not returned, and he sat down to wait, after ascertaining thai 'Herr Winckel' had engaged a room and was expected back to dinner. CHAPTER VT— 'LEFT LUGGAGE.' The Imperial Russian visitors were due to arrive at Breslau at nine o'clock on the following morning, and in order to be ujj betimes and enjoy the advantage which their windows gave them of viewing the spectacle the Baroness von Linberg ana her guests retired early. Truth to say, the three women spent rather a dull even ing, for Lady Metcalf, who was a stickler for the proprieties, was not over pleased with the part played by her headstrong daughter in dealing with the supposed American millionaire. It savored a little too much of free-and-easiness to suit old fashioned notions. And the Baroness, though too fond of Laura, whom she ha« known from childhood, to be offended, had received an unpleasant shock to her nerves. The culprit herself, conscious of having 'done her best to get Ilma's young man out of the scrape,' entered her bedroom with a cheery smile' at the prospect of seeing her beautiful Russian friend, if only for a few minutes, on the morrow. Her health and temper were too sound to let her trouble about Lady Metcalf's frigid looks, and having 110 nerves to speak of herself she failed to notice the shaken con dition of her hostess. She was a little dis appointed that her lover had not looked in to coffee, as he ? had half promised, bus even on that score her mental balance was proof against irritation. 'Mother is a little starchy to-night, but she'll be all right by the morning. And as for Spencer, suppose he's worrying round with some of these German poten tates. He will get on — that youth — if he sticks to business so tight.' Having thus summed up the deficiencies of the evening, Laura dismissed them from her mind, and, exchanging her dinner dress j for a dressing gown, sat down for half an s hour over a novel before getting into bed. ' The name of that author, so far as these j records are concerned, has not been pre- ; served, but he woiild.be a proud man did : he know that he was the direct cause or this particular 'dear reader' getting her ; chance as a very practical sort of heroine. ; So absorbing was the book that the half- : hour was multiplied by four before Laura put it down — to find that it was past twelve, and also that she was singularly wakeful. Whether it was that the exciting incidents in the novel had fired her imagi nation, or that some hidden power was leading this plain-spoken, open-hearted English girl into the thick of as dangerous a plot as was ever hatched in Europe, the effect was the same. She fell to thinking colloquially, as was her habit — of 'the Yank whom she had chucked out,' and | from thinking she got to wondering whe ther he might not really have been 'up to no good.' 'He didn't look like a nice man, yet he took his gruel very kindly,' she mused. 'It almost seemed as if he didn't mind going a bit. Can it have been because he had done the trick, whatever it was, al ready, and was glad of the reason for get ting away? Perhaps saved him from hav ing to hatch up an excuse of his own.' And then she recalled the unwonted gra vity of Fortescue's manner towards her, j when he suggested the possible results of allowing Delaval to remain at the Von Lindberg mansion. ' 'Leaving aside the question of out rages,' were the words with which Spencer began his homily,' she . said to herself. 'That's diplomatic for meaning that an outrage was just what he expected, for ray coming ambassador simply reeks .of cau tion. Let me see: the Yank was alone in his bedroom for half an hour. I think I'll have a private Guy Faux inspection be fore I go to bed.' Quietly opening the door, she stepped out into the passage and stood listening. Not a sound was to be heard, and beyond the range of the wax candle which she had taken from her dressing-table everything was in darkness. The house was an ob long block, with no intricate windings, and she knew where to find the room that had been allotted to the American — at the end of the passage farthest from her own. With Laura Metcalf to decide was to act, and half a minute later she stood in the centre of Colonel Delaval's deserted apartment, holding her candle high over her head. After the first glance round, which revealed nothing but ancient furniture, faded hangings, and a huge canopied bed, Laura nearly laughed aloud at the thought that she really did not know what she had expected to find. The .room had evidently been tidied up since its brief occupation. This was an operation which the temporary guest would certainly have foreseen, and however sinister his designs, he would hardly have left what Laura thought of as 'gunpowder an/l things' strewn about lo he swept up by the impending housemaid. The wall adjoining the Tsar's lodgings was solidly intact, and obviously no attempt had been made to burrow through the gloomy fire-place in the middle of it. Having come so far, Laura was not the girl to go back without a thorough search, and it was not till she had looked under the bed, opened the worm-eaten clothes- press, and tried all the drawers that she stood taking a last look round preparatory to de parture. And then, suddenly, in the still ness of the night, an unexplained sound fell 'upon her ears. Somewhere close at hand a clock was ticking faintlv. yet In the room no timepiece of any kind was visible. The absence of a clock she had already noticed, but ehe verified it bv another tour round the furniture, and then stood still again to listen. There was no doubt about it. — somewhere within a few feet of her clockwork was in motion. Tn that deathly stilluess the regular tick-tack was distinct ly audible, though in the day time, with the traffic rolling outside, it would have passed unnoticed. So dull and muffled was the sound that it was only by changing her position several times that she was at all able to locate its direction, and when she j did fix the spot where she heard it loudest there was nothing to Account for it. If there could be such a thing as the ghost of a clock she would have imagined that there was one ticking snectrally on the mantelpiece over the great cavernous lire place. And then a flash of enlightenment came to her. The clock was up the chimney! For the first time in her life her knees trembled a little — not at the quick sugges tion of nn infernal , machine, but at the sudden importance her midnight excur sion :hotl really assumed. The feeling did not deter her from prompt action. In a moment she was kneeling before the grate and peering up the chimney by the light of her candle at a portmanteau, a siie smaller than those which Delaval had taken away, jammed about three feet, up. Louder and clearer now she could hear the ticking— undoubtedly from the interior of. .the. port*, manteau. Laura's first instinct on rising was ta alarm the house and leave the responsi bility of suosequent action with the Ba roness von Liiioberg,'' whose plain co'urse it 1 would be to send, ior the police aud havo the ominous pbstruelion removed from ths chimney before the Tsar's arrival next door. This duty the police' would be sure to supplement by diligent inquiries aftos the Baroness's late guest,'- and Laura at once grasped the terrible significance whicb her discovery would. have for lima Vassili. In self-protection,* if -not for the 'sake of truth and justice, the Baroness would hava to say that Delaval gained access to ths house as a professed friend of Boris Du browski. ' - 7-- 'That will never do,' she thought. 'I must' get the thing down myself' rather than thiit. Perhaps I could take out the ? works and smuggle it away— after making it harmless.' She sank down on her knees again and thrust iier hand up the chimney, but though she could just touch . the end of the portmanteau her arm. was not long enough to get' a grip on the thong-handle at the lower end. -.jl. ? . Once more she rose, this time nearly in despair. At the same, time the cathedral clock led off the concert ..of chimes from Breslau's many churches announcing the hour of one. In eight hours the Tsar and Tsarina would be refreshing themselves after their long journey. '.on the. other side of the wall. 'I will not have the police called, but I must have help,' she told herself. 'It's a .case for bribery and corruption, but whom can I find to corrupt at this time of night? I cannot fetch Spencer to ' help me. His career in the public .service would be ruin—.-. „ ed if he^ were- mlxe,d'.up in this. ..^Besifles, ~ 2 the thing might' go off.' ' She walked abstractedly to the window, and drawing' aside the curtain: looked down into the silent . street. The roadway , was quite desert e'd,. and the only, pedestrian in sight on the pavement -was . one . of the' guardians of tho peace whom she wished to avoid... ...Stay, though! Surely! ,.Thei:ei; ; was a hiah leaning ?'agairist-the;pedestal'bf ~ the nearest of the gas-clusters, in front of the Stadthaus, and he was watching ? the ' von Lindberg mansion.- Even as she looked he turned .his ; head a.little; and -the Vraya r from one .of the -lamps ? falling. fulUpn hig,.; face she'recognisVd' him' at once as 'Herr Winckel,' Spencer Fortescue's German friend. i 'What on earth.: can' he be, doing there?' she murmured. ' 'Her must be using tha lamp-post as a '-stepping-stone ' to his hotel after dining tco freely. I fear. But no! Ha is sober .'enough | ; he -.has seen me, and is looking up-' a't the-; window: ?' ;If oniy: I felt ' sure that he was to be trusted.' She drew back; a-litUe,, remembering that her candle made' her' as visible to the man below as he, was. to .her.. Then with a quic^:- - impulse 'she' went forward again' and bee-' koned, pointing to the front; door; and :try-„ ing to indicate that she was coming down. Her gesture was acknowledged with a nod, and as she disappeared from the' window she saw the .'midnljht lounger . quit v his post of vantage. Two minutes later, after a struggle— 4as silent as she could make it— with the Ba-oness' bolts an-? bars, Laura was facing ''Herr Winckel' on ' the doorstep. ' ... - ... . 'If you are real friends with Mr. For-, tescue I want your help,' she whispered. 'It's nothing to' do' 'with huh,* you' know, and if you do me a 'cod turn; you do him one, eh?' ? 'To serve Mr. . Fordescu.e will only lee3„. , bleasure--- be than to -serve 'his b'roriised wife,' replied .Volboxth.-; .. 'Comp in, then,, and step softly,' she whispered,' closing the door, and leading - him into the dining-room, where -she in-v. spected him critically by -the light of her candle- 'I think you; are strong ' enough,' she said, 'but how about your pluck? I hope you are brave.' ' ? ? ? 'You try ir.o and see. Germans is not' ' gowards,' replied Volborth, tapping his chest. There was something quiet!' assured in the tone which, despite his elderly make up and fantastic English, won -the girl's ? confidence, and she proceeded to take him at his word. If is. 'doubtful if ' in all tho great police agent's experience he ever heard a communication that so astoninshed , him. The revelation itself, though he wa3 on the look-out for something of the kind, was sufficiently startling, but it was the manner in which it was made that nearly took his. breath away. If this s'elfpos sessed young lady in the pretty pink dres- . sing-gown had . asked him to help he? -. downstairs . with: a box. of millinery she. could not' have shown less ? (To be Continued.) 'GERMANS IS NOT GOWARDS,' SAID VOLBORTH. 