The story of the death of the Empress of Austria, as now disclosed, adds additional pathos to a previously misunderstood situation. Her expressed feeling, that she did not even know that she had been stabbed, that she thought merely that some footpad had sought to snatch her watch, her walking bravely to the steamer not far distant, though edema of the lungs set in, her fainting there, the quickened rites of the Church — there must have been a considerable interval between the assassin's attack and the demise, which has not yet been indicated by the cablegrams. All point to the one conclusion that she had not the faintest conception that she was stricken unto death, for if she had possessed the power she would natur ally have sent a message to her husband. There is a terrible secret in the life of this husband and wife, which, though generally known, is too horrible to be disclosed, but this, awful as the thought of it is, would scarcely have abstained the last words of a dying woman. For when the Shadow of Death o'or-hangs .us, it seems to us thus-wise : Some think their inheritance a sort of undefined eternity of beatitude ; others doubt and waver ; a large number nowadays openly ex press the idea, " What is the use of talking aiiout the thousands of religions of the world to me ; when I. die, that ends me." But none knows ! And this is whore the. question of ex treme unction starts. Suppose there had beon no priests about to administer the rite to the Empress of Austria, what would have become of her soul ? And suppose a Catholic swagman perishes from want of water, and, constantly turning on his tracks in the bush, and is found afterwards a skeleton, how is tho poor discarded one to be dealt with? But these questions of casuistry are too deep for us, and we have no desire to creato polemical discussion. The Empress passed was one of those who set to the world an example in athleticism. Sho was a magnificent horsewoman, one of the greatest of mountain climbers, a consistent pedestrian. She swam, she danced, she shot, she played tennis ; in fact, revelled in every form of athletic exer cise. By these pursuits she strove to keep away the ghost that haunted her life and shadowed all her ways. Slightly reticent, though popu lar, she lived on connubial terms, though, prac tically, apart from her husband. As popular in Europe as Hum) ert's Queen, none would have thought that anyone would have attempted to injure one whose life was one long beneficence. However, the event has happened, and a good woman has fallen through the stroke of a file of a' miscreant, towards whom no words are too foul to use. But while, as Burke once pointed out, Anarchy may continue to prevail, the duty of society is to exterminate the whole vermin- brood of Anarchists. Repressive methods have had effect in Russia, and wo hoar little of Nihilists now. But tho Anarchist is an in finitely worse friend than the Nihilist. The latter was not so much against society, hut rather to destroy a system of administration. Ho seeks to substitute nothing for order. The Anarchist is different ; ho hns no plan. In his Rtupid mind he has an idea that- by assassination he may bring about the rovoltof nations;1 which obviously could not be. Tho dagger, struck into tho heart of President Carnot, did not pro duce tho slightest influence on the French nation, nor could it do so. The work of the world goes on as before. But what should be done is to exterminate these vermin, not by tho mild process of hanging them — for what -is hanging but a premature death — but the revival of the torture. On these mutters, our ancestors were better informed than wo. When Ravailluc mounted upon tho steps of the carriage of Henri IV., and struck him to the heart, with | iiis dagger, he was exposed to every form of I torture that could he devised, until he was # I more lump of humanity just retaining sufficient I consciousness to fool the effect of being torn to ' pieces by horses very slowly, so as to protract j tho agony. Sinco then modern science lias dis- , covered other means, and all that is needed is i for the autocrats of the world and the Govorn- i ments of it tq arrange to place every Anarchist j that, can bp discovered— and, fortunately, that quest is an easy one— in tiir, and not to heat it too quickly. If the police all over the world did their work well arid ran in the Anarchists, the 1 vermin who slaughter defenceless' women would I soon be properly extinguished. , When" Sir Isaac Newton first .pointed -.out tho | necessity of having an nccuhU'e Hmopiqcb for tho ; determination of longitude, and took part in the deliberations of the Committee of the House of . Commons in June, 1714, which passed the resolution offering a reward for the' invention of ; a chronometer, which L20,000 was finally awarded to John Harrison, nearly a quarter of. a pentury later, he had no conception of what I would bp tho result of tho future application of I machinery to watch-making, Tho advantago of the modern machine-made watch is that the parts are so absolutely identical, . tbri.t if one l ivoars, a duplicate can be substituted for it | hut many people,' including those' engaged in tho 1 trade, aver that, porfeefc ns is tho machine in its .mechanism, it cannot compare. with a firstrclass hand-mado one, fabricated by an English or Swiss worker of tho old school. But what wo desire to direct attention to is the ignoranco of most of us with respect to familiar objects. How few of us, for example, know Ijint the \- watch carried by the average man is composed of ninety-eight pieces, and its manufacture em braces more than 2000 distinct end separate operations ! Some of the smallost screws ago so minute that tho unaided oyo cannot. diHtioguiijh thorn from steel filings or specks of d'Ft. Tije hair-spring Strip has to be guaged so accurately that a difference of one fire-hundredth part of an inch in its thickness would cause a deviation of about six minutes per hour. The human heart is rather a fast-going piece of mechanism ; as a matter of fact, it does more work and exercises more force than Bny machine invented by man, but the little ticking implement which lies above it certainly goes a long way in the direc tion of breaking its record. Perchance, there is an occult sympathy between these ticking twain. But the particular point we desired to emphasize ' was that, because the watch is familiar to us, wo ! scarcely realise its intricacy or the centuries of ; thought that have been exercised to bring it . to its present condition of -perfection. And what ! we want to press home is this truth, that through j habit we grow indifferent and unregardful of ' other things besides watches, Bimply through | familiarity of association. Jeromy Bentham, ! who said many good things in his time, wrote, " Like flakes of snow that fall unperceived upon the earth, the seemingly, unimportant events of life succeed one another. As the snow gathers together, so are our habits formed. No single flake that is added to tho pile pro duces a sensible change ; no single action creates, however it may exhibit a man's character, but as tho tempest hurls tho avalancho down the mountain and overwhelm tho in habitant and his habitation, so passion acting upon the elements of mischief which pernicious habits have brought together by imperceptible) accumulation, may overthrow the edifice of truth and virtue." 