FROM DAY TO DÀÎ (By VOX.) A Perth, correspondent of a contem-1 porary writes:-Country constituencies' ? are hereby warned to keep à look-out for the approaching incursion, not of rabbits, but of members of .Parliament with large rolls of "Hansard" protrud- ing from their coattail pockets, who contemplate an invasion of their elec- torates for the purpose of convincing the deluded voter by extracts culled at convenient intervals that they voted the straight griffin every time, and talked straight for their districts right through. You can prove anything by "Hansard,*" it can be read and construed so many ways, while it is a fact that much of the speechifying during the session was . delivered at the "Hansard" reporters for home use during the recess. Many of the speeches heaved off the chests of Sam. Mitchell, ConoUy, Moran, Kings- mill, and others are strong censure of the Forrest incubus, and are diametri- cally opposed to the votes which fol- lowed on division, when principle and -expressed conviction were thrown to the winda to prevent the- dffrsaft of the "Ministry. When a man quotes "Han- sard"" to prove what he said, ask him on which side he voted to make sure of bim. Verb. sap. * * * * There is evidently a noble opening tor the W.C.T.U- at the so-called tem- perance "settlement of Mildura (Yin.), where a splendid industry is growing rapidly in the export of empty beer and spirit bottles. There appears to be more solid drinking done in the village of Mildura, where not an hotel is to be found, than in any other village of its size anywhere in the colonies. If evei the apostles of total abstinence were green a free hand ana* a fair show, it is here in this beautiful garden settle- ment, far from the maddening crowd, on the banks of the fine flowing river, whion, divides Victoria from New Souti Wales. It was to be a garden of Para- dise without the serpent (strong drink] ever obtaining a chance to enter. Th* people and their welfare-were to be mos! carefully guarded. Use distance iron ai- town was to be the first-safeguard j then laws were formulated prohibiting the import or sale of strong ''drink ii any form. Heavy penalties were to bi impoeed.for the slightest breach of sud regulations. No one was to be al lowed to obtain a license for a hotel o¡ the sale of any intoxicant whatever Surely here, amid the orange groves, the cherry and peach orchards, tie straw berry beds, and the vineyards, loadet with their purple fruit, no temptaticn ¡would ever have to be combat ted. Fo: once in the history of the colonies then was a -r.hirrclr with ¿ut a hotel at the op pósito corner. Here were surely peace virtue, and temperance-and yet 25,001 grog bottles were taken away from Mil dura the other day by steamer! Sig nificaaat fact, eh? t *? * * * The .Geraldton?4"Express*" . has sud deníy became deaf to the voice of th< charmer, and rounds on the art unioi (not heart union) system thusly:-Wi are sick of art union ticket touting. Yes we repeat it fruitfully, heartily, utterl; sick of it. We understand that such sc licitation is perfectly legal, but even tha fact fails to afford us even the slightes satisfaction in the face of the soul-de stroying worry that! ire have lately bee] subjected to. We are no judges of pic tures, and we-don't profess tobe, but w can hardly imagine any artist with th slightest claim to --self-respect allowing his name to be hawked about the cour try in connection-with these affairs. 1 is not as if the proceeds were to be ap plied to a religious or charitable pm pose. Filthy lucre in all its unattractiv nakedness is the sole and simple reasp: of this prostituting the noble cause c " Art." The profits sink-into some di« tant and unknown pocket, and yield n benefit to suffering mankind-to ou aged, penniless, or infirm brethrei Horace once-wrote, ""Quid non opus esl asse carum est," "What you don't wan is dear at a penny-'" We personal*, don't- want any -daubs in this office t terrify subscribers-when they come trott] ing in ito pay their accounts, 'and if an of our-friend s yearn, for masterpieces w have been singularly' unfortunate in aa efforts-to discover them. Many, indeec have-taken us aside, and volunteered th information that they wished all sue lotteries were forbidden by law, as thei lives wert a burden to them at tim« owing- to the pestering: of ticket-fiend in petticoats. When Geraldton starts a art gallery, doubtless some of our wea tlrier citizens-Trill endowñt financially, c present it with works --suitable to th critical taste of this community-pe haps, indeed^-some local genius, at pr< sent undreamt cf, may fill it with cai ' vases covered- wit-h>def£"v-£mned figure and landscapes. In the meantime, w don't want rubbish, and' we don't appri cíate having to say so several times week. This art union racket has bee overdone. Itinay^ometimes pass must« OB- the- goldfields, when times are gooc and nuggets easily got, but it is quite out of place in a period of depression, -when people have to look after every penny j they spend, and are not coquetting with j fortune in the shape of oil-paintings or any other superfluous adjuncts to hap- piness. We have written strongly on the subject, because it is a subject on which we feel strongly. The feeling is shared by others, and if Geraldton never sees another specimen of the ticket-selling sisterhood, Geraldton, we have no hesita- tion in saying, will bear up in her afflic- tion. ***** Now is the time to organise the forces cf-reform. . Our eyes can-turn away from the Parleying House, with its volu-? biiify io sound and general sterility dn brood, and we can comport- ourselves to the fortifications of our fads or phils ; sophy as we run on the downward or up- ward Unes of thought. The Forrest ! Ministry is withdrawn, from public gaïe: presumably, like the old hen,- to bri og out a new "clutch'7 of chicken '''Bilis" for the next season, and democracy in the meantime must look to itself. And if ute xhot weather does not make demo- cracy lazy it may find much to accom I plish. The one fault, or the chief fault, of the Westralian populace is its inco- herence, its apathy and lack of definite- ness of purpose. Everybody wants I everything, but nobody knows what any- body wants.' There is manifest discon- tent, but all the growling about it is at meal times. Ask the first man you meet if this country is being run as he would ron it, and he will reply with an initial capital, poQysyllabio negative. Then ask him what he would do in the way of alteration, and he can only reply "Sack the Forrest crowd." But that is not enough. It is not the genial over- grown boy (who imagines that Provi- dence exhausted ¡all its materials for statesmanship, when he was shook out of the docks and launched in the sea of politics), -rho is to blame. Blundering conceit is not altogether a crime, but to consciously tolerate its muschiefs may be.' The blame bes in the indif- ference of an apathetic public. There is no cohesive element, no common pur- pose in the community-unless it be to catch the first steamer leaving Freman- tle. In other parts of the- world there are unions of all sorts. Apart from the great labor movements, there are socie- ties busy with reform on every possible social theme--Societies"to enfranchise women, to suppress juvenile vice, to es- tablish sobriety by political means, to relieve the shop girls, to abolish "sweat- ing," to make the State the banker, to nationalise production and distribution, to facilitate divorce, to make voting simpler, to protect the local workman against foreign competition, and a thou- sand and one other objects which -may, indeed, be talked about in the West, but never seem to enter into organic life. There is ample time and opportunity now, dozing the Parliamentary recess, fer the energetic units of reform to coalesce and become the "foci" of or- ganised forces determined to make this country, not only fit for work, but for workmen and their wives to live in. * * * * At the latter end of October the Vic- torian Assembly was busy discussing the Land Bill-Mr. Best's Bill-aiming at reform in land legislation generally, bat containing "resumption clauses," which have for apparent object the bursting up of large estates, something after the fashion of the New Zealand Act. One clause proposes ta give the Government power to acquire land .either by nego- tiation or by compulsory purchase. In this proposal Mr. Madden scented revo- lution. The old cant phrases "sapping the foundations of society," "doing irre- vocable injury to posterity," and "sacri- ficing individual .liberty to public con- venience," fall like sprays of sparkling combustibles from a detonated rocket upon irascible, if pachydermatous, Victorian members. Mr. Madden fairly maddened them to Hysterical laughter. These terrible resumption clauses were sneaking in the gospel of Henry George and Alfred Russel Wallace and land na- tionalisation, and single tax and gen- eral ruin! Like the-Witch of Endor, he raised up the ghosts of Gladstone and Huxley, and quoted Herbert Spen- cer as a fiery protest, and "Mené, mené, tekel upharsin" against- this abomina tion of abominations. * * * * As a Melbourne daily says:-^"Mr. Madden,, however, was not content with describing land nationalisation as rob- bery. He laid down with characteristic self-confidence the thesis that every nation which had adopted land nation- alisation had lapsed into decay. To demonstrate this, he "let observation with extensive view survey mankind from China to Peru." Nobody knows what caused the collapse of the civilisa- tion of Yucatan in Central America. It has puzzled historians, archaelogists and antiquarians for centuries. Mr. Madden has solved the mystery. The Yucatans returned to cave dwelling be- cause in the zenith of their glory they nationalised the land. The Incas of Peru, Mr. Madden declared, would have met. a jsimilar fate, only Pizarro put them out of their misery; and Sparta tumbled into nothingness because it recognised a common ownership in land. All this pedantic nonsense was uttered with the seriousness of assured convic- tion, but an irreverent House turned Mr. Madden's -historical conceits into ridi- cule, and laughed hi»» into silenca * * * * I once heard a traveller say that th* Mahomniedans were noted for their hon esty, and in support of bis assertion h< instanced an occasion where a salesmai was asked how he dared to leave hi goods exposed in the bazaar whilst h< was a long time away on other busi ness, when the answer was '"Becaua there are no Christians about." Ii the course of my travels Ï have no: uniformly had the same experience, ara I have long ago concluded that at least some Mahommedans are nimbi« fingured. But the reproach againsi the Christians has had recent illustra, tion tn Melbourne. I suppose every- body knows "Cole's Book Arcade" ic Bourke- street, Melbourne, where the var- iously bound and assorted books are said to be in rows and piles that run into miles. WelL it appears that the number and easy access to these stores of literature proves too much occasionally for tte idle philosophers who resort to these comfortable shelters when they would " be unwelcome in the savory cook shops, and they pick up the books and make off, without- remembering to leave the change for them, and by a strictly niodern magical operation they transmute these books into cash and the cash into supper. When detected, prosecution has followed. But all Melbourne was surprised when the mag- istrate who heard the case«-Mr. Pan- ton-practically said, "It served Mr. Cole right," and accused bim of "tempt- ing the public to steal." The inference is.that Mr. Cole should have a padlock and chain on every book, and a huge blood-hound at every counter, or else he should emigrate with his "Book Ar- cade" to Mecca, or Constantinople. ***** The British are emphasising their re- putation for jingoistic zeal, and the whirl of the wheel of fortune seems to be bringing the war-like spoke to the top. Whenever a prominent festival occurs we are audibly reminded that "We've got the ships, we've got the guns, we've got the" money, too." Annually, just before the Melbourne Cup the Austra- lasian section of the British Navy (for which Australia, by the way, sends home its taxed contribution under the pro- visions of the Naval Defence Act), the admiral in command puts in at Hob son's Bay and bands and blank cartrid- ges begin to play. This year there was the usual welcome by Sir Charles Holled-Smith on board the flagship Royal Arthur, and the tabulated salute of 13 guns. "An hour later Admiral Pearson paid his official visit- to Lord Brassey at Government House, and the Domain battery expended additional rounds of blank. The admiral then re- turned the commandant's visit at the Victoria Barracks, and latter on Lord Brassey officially visited Admiral Pear- son on board H.M.S. Royal Arthur, and another big gun salute was fired. After these three salutes the peoole of Mel- bourne can now rest satisfied that the Australian squadron is actually in Port Phillip," and that it was there to give the officers a chance of seeing the festi- vities and backing the winner of the Melbourne Cup. *--*** Anent the above it is iotere-Mng to noto the readiness with which ap- peals for the Empire's military unity are responded to in the col- onies. One of the suggestions, the outcome of the jubilee celebrations, w-s a regular exchange of tromps, be- tween the colonies and the mother country. It was proposed "At Home" that there should be a detachment of the Royal Artillery stationed in Austra- lia, presumably shifting about from colony to colony, and in sxchange it was suggested that a like number of the per- manent artillery forces of Australia should have a picnic to England. The artillery was mentioned because "it is the only arm in Australia, that has an equivalent in the Imperial service." New South Wales has already come Ao a decision on the proposal, and five "Orsifers" and 145 "Tommys" are say-j ing "good-bys" and getting ready for the trip. 'But in Victoria a legal diffi- culty stands in the way. The law de- clares that the Victorian troops "can- not be required to serve outside the boundary of - Victoria," which seems to imply that the framers of the law had in anticipation just such suggestions as emanated from the Jubilee sprees. But the Victorians are beginning to feel the limitations of their own boundaries, and "the question of amending the btw in the proper direction" has been referred to the Attorney-General (some time ago) for his jingoistic' consideration. In the meantime these movements, which ap- pear like military sports and harmless courtesies, should be jealously and closely watched by the pubbc' It is only right that we should do our Utile best towards defending our portion of the empire, but by aU means let us have a good say in that defence. It is a diplomatic way of getting Imperial troops garrisoned among us, to effect a seeming exchange. The American col- onies went to war and procured their in dependence by resisting very similar, though less cunning, tactics. Without representation we are now taxed for thc English navy, and here is a proposal to quarter among us the troops of the line, slowly, but surely, the steel bonds are being riverted upon us, and the people are participating and glorying in the spectacle. We are like children, we want to play at "soldiers", among the soldiers, and we are too playful to count the cost. Within this last day or two we have learned that Queensland and New Zealand are ready to resist the French and Russians, combined, and to leave the York Infantry nothing to do, in the event of an invasion. This kind of talk and preparation must intimidate France, and hence the back down of that bloodthirsty nation. But it scarcely justifies us in importing a British army to rival in popularity the army of Sal- vation lasses. * * * * The sceptics are in the habit of sneer- ing at the old time miracles, and laugh- ing at the allegation- of modern ones. They look upon the accounts of Elisha restoring to life the son of the Shunam j mite as a myth, and the like stories of [the widow's son at Nain, and iof the buried Lazarus as childish evidence of primitive superstition. But what will they say about the reported recent re- surrection in New Zealand ï A cable from Wellington states:-"Tremendous excitement has been caused amongst Tauranga natives, owing to the reported resurrection of a Maori girl by Te Ehau. 'The Maori chiefs Tominga and Te Ehau ' came to Tauranga to prevent a Maori named Te Rere from causing the deaths of other natives by "Makutu." On Mon- day a girl named Marata was said to taken to Kangaware. Te Ehau went to have died at Matapihi, and her body was see Te Here, who is stated to have , ac- knowledged having caused the death of Marata. Te Ehau warned Te Rere and. his wife that if they caused more deaths they would die. themselves. Te Ehau then went .to Rangaware, where a "taugi" was proceeding over the body of Marata. Ile told the mourners to cease crying, as Marata would be re- stored to them. He then placed his hands on the dead girl'6 forehead, per- forming the "karafcia" incantation, and told her to rise, which she did, to the utter astonishment of all present. The Maoris went frantic with joy, «howering presents on Te Ehau. Marata is quite well, and is walking about. She says that she has been to "Te Hangi" '{the heavens"). This, apparently, is just as well authenticated as any miracle, ancient or modern, of which we have any record. Why don't the Christians adopt it as theirs before the Maoris start a new religion on the strength of it? rm * * *??',? The Right Hon, George Houston Reid, Q.C., Premier of New Sputh Wales, is studying French, which, it is said, he can almost, speak now without the aid of an eye glass. I heard about this a little while ago, but I thought it was only a spoiled schoolboy's fad, that would last as long as a craze for mar- bles: But he seems in earnest, and he never goes out now without a bi-lingual dictionary in his pocket. He says the French agrees with his adipoeitknu It is the language of-the "double enten- dre," the "Oui-non," the "Yes-no," the wriggler's language. He sees himself not only a great statesman, but a fa- mous diplomat, and French is prover- bially the language of diplomacy. He may be needed in Egypt, in France, or Russia in these troublous times, and his great genius would be useless {It-re without a knowledge of French. He has already conjugated the verb "to love," but he is somewhat dull on the verb "to snore" When he gets on that his friends think he needs a dois tor, but "Les médecins qu'on fit venir ne furent jamais complètement d'ae cord sur la maladie a laquelle avait succombe," the corpulent, dainty stu- dent Premier. I feel easier now. ; * * * There has been many a laugh over the alleged, grotesque and colossal image of Her Majesty the Queen which Louis de Rougemont portrayed to se- cure the respect and loyalty of the cannibals among whom he had married and settled down after their fashion, but if the story be true, he has only done what all great sculptors are doing whenever Royalty comes in their way. We all know that the Queen is a very small, fat little lady, and if we were not constantly told so we could never poetically imagine that in Victoria's stunted rotundity dwells all the fulness of the Gracious Majesty bodily. I say this in no disloyal or disrespectful spirit, but as a mere matter of fact, which Sir John Forrest, having seen her at dose range, must, perforce, ad- mit. I only here would call upon him to witness that there is no statue ot ! her extant which represents her as she j is-every sculptor has idealised her. And among the latest news from Lon- don comes the statement that "Mr. George Frampton, A.R.A., has submit- ted to the Queen a model of the colossal statue of Her Majesty destined to be placed in front of the Government House of Calcutta." At the same time Mr. Orchardson "is making brilliant progress with his royal group." A colossal statue ! And another with ."brilliance" in it! But it is unavoid- able. We" cannot have loyalty if we feast on.conimon reality. We must idealise. But we should not laugh at Rousremont?s colossal picture for his savages whilst we applaud equally un- true representations for the savages of London and Calcutta. * * * * Almost simultaneously with the cable news that told the world of the victory of Kitchener at Omdurman came the tidings of the Mahommedans' revolt in Crete. Affairs hive never been set- tled there since .the War between Tur- key and Greece, nor indeed before that, I but the fleets of **rhe Powers" just out-i side Candia imposed a seeming quiet] on the inhabitants. As in the Soudan. ] it is a friction between rival religions, mired up with disputed facilities for trade. The Mahommedans in Candia, in voicing their dissatisfaction at the measures taken by the admirals, urged that "though they had consented to the opening of the markets on the condi- tion that the cordon around the town should be extended, nothing had been done, and that while the Christians had been given facilities to carry on their business in the town, the Mahommedans had not been allowed to go out of it to visit their villages. They protested against this prohibition, and against the levying of tithes by the insurgents, and stated that they would not endure the unfair treatment of which they con- sidered they had been the victims." As the admirals took no notice of the Mahommedan protests, they resolved to resist the tithe-collectors. One of the pickets outside the "Dime" office, was stabbed from behind, and as he fell his rifle went off and killed a Moslem. This was the signal for the Mahommedan rising. They rushed for'their arms and attacked the British. Then, hav- ing thus begun, they spread through 1 the Christian quarter of the town, shooting at the windows, and fir- ing shops and/ houses. The British -warship Hazard, stationed in the road- stead, opened fire upon the town, and' all was confusion and uproar. Lieu-; tenant Haldane and twelve soldiers were killed, and fifty wounded, and four of the crew of the Hazard. The British vice-consul was murdered* and his house burned. The Camperdown and war- ships bf the other Powers were soon on the spot, and the Christian refugees sought safety on them, bringing tales of massacre and pillage. Bullets were fall- ing like hail from the houses, ramparts, and through the gates leading to the fort, which had been burned. Forty five British soldiers quartered near the telegraph were driven out of their huts, and must have suffered heavy damage. It was estimated that 800 Christians bad been massacred. The town was pillaged by Basbi-Bazooks and Turkish troops, and all reports agreed as to the disgrace- ful behaviour of the latter, who had been seen to fire on the British garrison under Colonel Reid." The Powers took prompt measures to insist upon the Turkish Go- vernment withdrawing the Bashi-Bazooks and the Turkish troops from Crete, and though the "sick man" at Constan- tinople at first wavered and pleadingly objected he was allowed no alternative, and forthwith the evacuation of Crete commenced. But, as proving the persist- ence and dangerous temper of the Turks and Mahommedans generally, at the present time a cable published here only last Wednesday reads : "The Russian ad- miral at Retiñió, in Crete, forcibly de- ported 200 Turkish troops who refused io leave the island." There is a poten- tial dynamite lurking in the bosoms of the Moslems, and as Britain reigns over mora Mahommedans than Christians these symptoms of insurrection must be taken as notes of warning. * * * * The authorities of Europe are taking steps seriously to hold a conference to devise the best means of suppressing the anarchists. On the other hand, the anarchists are reported to have sent a threat of assassination to the Premier cf Italy and other prominent personages, and to have further shown their hand in declaring that they will "blow up" the whole conference as soon as it meets. The tactics of these mentally and morally degenerate politicians prove that the anarchists are men who bite as well as bark, and their threats cannot be taken iightly. I repeat what I have often said, I have no sympathy with anarchy-an illogical mad-brained scheme of reform by the agency, of crime. At the same time, I cannot muster up any sympathy for the equally mad statesmen (?) who I think they, can suppress anarchy ac a "conference." Anarchy is just one oí those forces you cannot "suppress." It is like certain gasses and nitrogenous compounds-the more you suppress it the more forcibly it explodes. The anarchist, is a product of the nerve-ruin- ing conditions of modern society, a symptom of the disease, of the body politic Society is responsible for him, and he will exist so long as society con- tinues as oppressive and selfish as it ia "If a great conference were to be held tc discuss the causes of anarchy, and to de vise means of so bettering the conditions under which the great bulk of hu- manity groans in slavery, the Powers o Europe would exhibit some sense, bul mere revenge and international espion age upon an insignificant portion of poli tical maniacs is SK much sn anachronisu: as to burn people nowadays for witch craft. * * * * It will be interesting to watch the pro gress of the new Metropolitan Wat« Works Board, with an ex-Wesleyar clergyman as chairman, and an ex-publi can and one engineer for the board. 1 should be accused of satire if I suggested that a retired clergyman should be good at engineering, and that teetotallen from the pulpit are the proper men tc have charge of water works. But evi- dently the Cabinet of Sir John deem godly training in sectarian tenets pre- eminently the qualification for financing pipes and obtaining credit balances foi a. badly-managed board that has non sunk in the waters of its own oblivion. Nevertheless, to laymen it must seem an anomaly to pass over practical and tried engineers, and to give such an important position to a gentleman whose abilities have yet to be tested, and whose history is principally remarkable for his having been made the excuse for the passage of one of the most ertraordinary Acts of Parliament which ever disgraced a statute-book. * * * * The Rector of St. Andrews, Kalgoorlie, has had a word or two to say in refer- ence to Govermental retrenchment. The following in an extract from a recent sermon:-"As covetousness takes pos- session of individuals so does it enter into communities. The history of this, our colon}-, is no unblemished one. Extravagances and greed .have over- stepped the line of prudence, and now retrenchment is a stern necessity. But is it the part of a colony young and vigorous to make the weakest suffer? Surely the very first charge upon our resources should be the old and infirm amongst the aborigines whom we have disinherited? Yet- covetous hands have been laid upon the paltry pounds de- voted to their use, and they have been largely docked and the natives may starve. And this is done in our name! Or, again, if any class deserves well of the community it is those women and girls who have hazarded their lives and endured grievous privations in minister- ing to the sick and the dying. The care of the nurses for their patients has been and is beyond praise. How many a man who is now alive and well owes it all to the nursing which he received? Especially in the early days the diffi- culties and trials were enormous, and still the girls work on day after day 12 hours at a stretch in an infected atmosphere, and loyally and cheerfully fulfil their honorable work. Yet 'tis such, forsooth, that must be retrenched. It would seem that the weakest had been ignobly selected for the sacrifice. Retrenchment may be a bitter necessity -the fruit of unlicensed covetousness ; and if we cannot change, at least we can protest against some of the forms that retrenchment takes. Had the command Thou shalt not covet' been obeyed dur- ing these last five years, how different had been our state to-day." *? * * * Some sensible writer in the Murchi- son "Times" turns himself loose on the Sabbath question thus: - "It is probably quite useless to attempt to argue such a question as the proper observance of Sundays with a religious body. At the same time the press has the right to utter a note of challenge even to a religious body in the name of; that section of the public which is not of the particular faith' concerned. The Wesleyan Synod has re-opened the question of the observance of the Sab- bath, and has appointed a committee to agitate for the remedy of what the synod calls the desecration of the Sab- bath in West Australia. In other words, this absolutely unrepresentative body is going to try to interfere with the public, and dictate by means of legislation if possible what the public shall or shall not do on Sundays. When a religious body is convinced of a cer- tain truth it is always rather a waste of time even to quote Scripture to show that body that it is mistaken. But we cannot resist the temptation to remind the Wesleyan Synod that the 'Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath.' The Sunday is a day of rest, of worship, but it is also a holiday, the one day in the week on which a large proportion of the public gets a chance of an outing and a little healthful re- creation. We are aware that all these things have been said before, and that to the 'minister' who wants people to listen to him three times on Sunday the words are merely idle and unmeaning. But the religious bodies will have to listen to the public sooner or later. The narrow religious ways of the old Puri- tan party may have been excellent in England long ago, but in these young colonies they are out of place. The stand taken in the matter by the gold- fields people will not be relinqmshed. There is quite as much true religion at Coolgardie and the Murchison as there is in Perth, and if we like to go to church in the mornings and play cricket in the afternoons sensible clergy will not attempt or even desire to interfere with us." I have before said thai I regarded the Wesleyan conscience as peculiar and contradictory. The recent proceed- ings of the synod to which this leader- ette refers have confirmed that opinion. Every form of recreation outside the i church is sinful; any form of amuse- ment may be tolerated inside the church. That is all I can make out of the latest Wesleyan pronouncement. All of which practically amounts to this : -The church is a commercial in- stitution: anything which promotes it commercially Ls therefore lawful To j play cricket on Sunday is wicked ; to j listen to a political spouter desecrating' a church is commendable ; to play at '; two-up is. an abomination ; to gamble j in a church bazaar is holy : to hold a] secular concert on the Sabbath is] wrong; to play operatic airs on a church organ on the same day is per- fectly proper. The logical deduction from which principles is that whatever helps to fill the plate is allowable : whatever tends to diminish its takings is blasphemous and intolerable. There- fore it is the plate that is worshipped, and not God. Why don't they be can- did and give us a new creed commenc- ing '"I believe in the Plate, Father of dollars almighty." 