Squire John; OR, " , FOR LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. BY OT. GEORGE RATHBORNE, AUTHOR OP "UNDER EGYPTIAN SKIES," "MISS PAULINE OF NEW YORK!," &c.; CHAPTER VII.— DIAMOND CUT i DIAMOND. j Thie picture when Travers proclaims his identity is certainly one well worth seeing:, especially the consternation stamped upon the features of that re- ! markable man with whom Jack holds his Interview. Senor Roblado is apparently stricken dumb for the time being? the hand that holds the smoking cigar .trembles as might an aspen leaf, and his fierce black eyes under the shaggy grey brows are fastened on the Yankee with the look "t a hungry wolf. 3| "You are the genuine jack Travers! You who sit there dare to tell me that as coolly as you might speak of your cigarro! Poor Dlos! man, I admire your nerve, though you have come near shat tering mine with your devilish intelli gence. I feared treachery: I prepared against it, but hola! you overwhelm me. Still, a Roblado never surrenders; we sometimes die in the last ditch." "Ah, senor," laughs the tantalising Jack, "you remember I warned you it was full thirty feet from my window, and a hard pavement that of .Princes street. Don't do anything to tempt me, I beg." The senor, who has risen half-way from his chair, drops back again ; one glance at the muscular figure of the American has convinced the Spaniard that he cannot hope at his age to cope with such an athlete. "All the Fates must be against me to bring you here at such a time. I be lieved you dead, Jack Travers," he growls, hardly knowing what else to say. "So did my dear friend Howard, and he had good reason to believe himself haunted by my ghost, since it was by his orders I was waylaid, robbed, and thrown into Dead Horse Canyon. But I am a favorite of Fortune, and I escaped, as you see, to baffle your schemes." "Then we have lost everything. You have swept the board, Senor Jack; but there is one thing still left to me." Senor Roblado has no longer his hand upon the throttle-valve controlling his emotions, which, up to this moment, have been kept in wonderful control, considering his fiery nationality. The barrier is swept down by that fierce rush of the tide, and as he hisses across the table, Ills usually suave countenance takes on the expression of a fiend. The crisis is at hand. Thanks to his long training, Jack knows just how to meet such an emer gency. He has one elbow resting on the table, and supports his head care lessly with this hand. "What might that be, senor?" he smiles, "Revenge. A Spaniard never for gives an injury. I have lost a fortune, it may be, but in return I mean to have — your life!" With the words, the fiery Castilian gentleman suddenly produces a revolver, and presents it at the head of his com panion. It. is so close that Jack can look into the chambers and see the lead en messengers snugly ensconced, and awaiting the signal to go forth. He sees something more. "Aha! you do not flinch. You are a man of nerve; but that shall not save you. See, the clock yonder is about to strike the half-hour. When it sounds I shall fire. This day, which has seen the charming Jessie a wife, shall also see her a widow;" and his manner declares that, regardless of consequences, Rob lado is bent on revenge. "Ah, senor, you have been in America, in Cuba, and learned of their ways; but there is one thing you seem to have for gotten which no cowboy in Texas ever omits— that is, to pull back the hammer of your gun before you shoot." The Spaniard gives a cry of bitter chagrin, and draws back his arm to remedy the fault, when Jack's foot flies up from the side of the table, and the painted toe of his boot coming in contact with Roblado's wrist, the instantaneous result is a' re volver whirling across the apartment. A snarl of rage from the senor. "Sit you down, sir," says Jack, calmly, and there is a terrible emphasis to his voice that has an effect on Roblado, though in all probability he is influenced more by the sight of a little shining wea pon which Jack has taken from the drawer of the table, and the hammer of which is drawn back. Robiado is not a madman, therefore ho refrains from rushing on certain death. Fuming with rage, he drops back into his chair, a picture of unutterable fury. "Now, sir, let us have an understand ing. I shall put my weapon away again, since I believe you will come to your senses and realise there are better ways of getting even than by murder." A sparkle of cunning flashes into the eyes of the don ; he has suddenly remem bered that, after ail, when the game ap pears lost, he has a winning card up his sleeve. The girl ! She is in his power— she believes in his affection for her, and will do what he says. It has appeared to him a great joke hat the man selected to stand up with her in the marriage of convenience should lose hi6 heart to the wife to whom he has given his word of honor never to seek again. Now he sees in this fact the one weak spot in Jack's armor — the chance for evening up matters — and Se nor Roblado begins to come again to his senses. He picks up his cigar from the table where it has fallen, and replacing it be tween his strong white teeth, endeavors to imitate the clever coolness of the American. "You seem to run this game as you see fit, Senor Jack. Tell me what you pro pose doing iti the way of terms," hie says, sullenly. "Of course you realise that I hold the fort. My identity has been proven, and I am now in a position to claim the whole estate. A portion will eventually fall to the lady in the case, but some time must elapse before this can be done. In the meantime, senor, I would like to con tribute to the support of — my wife." The Spaniard smiles coldly. As he realises the power of his one trump card, his old cynning returns, though now re inforced by a desperate hatred for this man, who has played with him as a cat does with a mouse. He can never for give such humiliation. "To what extent does the senor mean to go?" "Anything reasonable until she comes into her own. As I am forbidden to See her by the terms of our agreement, I shall have to deal through you, as her agent." "Will you draw me a cheque for ten thousand pounds now?" "I will — not. That sort of game don't work, my dear senor. A thousand would see you through in good shape until mat ters can be arranged. This is no black mailing game." "Did I say ten thousand? I meant twenty, or it might be thirty," pursues Roblado, vindictively. "You jest, surely?" "Ah! you refuse. She shall know how much you care for her comfort. Ten thousand — a mere pittance, sir — a crumb from your abundance. But I do not de pend upon your generosity to live. For Dios! I have other means. We can wait until she comes into her own — yes, wait in the sun-kissed isle beyond the sea, where the cold winds never freeze the warm blood of a Spanish gentleman. Keep your pounds, Senor Jack; neither I nor my daughter would touch one of them, lest It should chill our hearts. Af ter all, the case does not turn out so badly, since she will come into her third." Jack hardly hears the last of his chat ter. One sentence has rivetted his attention, and caused him considerable alarm. "You speak of quitting Great Britain — of going to the isle across the sea. Sure ly you do not mean Cuba, senor?" he asks. "Why not? My interests lie there, and my first wife is buried in Havana. Yes, I surely mean Cuba," retorts Roblado, glad to see he has given his opponent a thrust. "That fever- racked, war-tossed coun try! Take her there at this time! You must not." "Senor, I smile. Am I your vassal that you should use such language to me ? I go where I please, and when I please. A Spanish gentleman does not take his orders from a Yankee." Don Rafael rises to his feet and folds his arms across his chest. Now his atti tude is simply superb. As a painter he has studied how to pose; and but for the. serious subject that engages his at tention, Jack would feel in the humor for clapping his hands and applauding the picture presented to him of a proud Spanish grandee. "But Jessie;' I will not permit " "You cannot prevent her accompany ing me of her own free will." "She is my wife." "In name only. You yourself have agreed never to exercise any rights of a husband unless she so wills. You dare not deny it. There is no law that can prevent her travelling with her father. We sail from this country; she disap pears from your sight for ever. Ah ! Senor Jack, who laughs now? It is per haps my turn. Thus am I revenged. I was a fool to think of violence since there is a better way through the heart. See, with your permission I pick up my dis carded firearm and return it to my poc ket. I would not injure a hair of your head— here; but if you dare to fpllow me to that land beyond the sea, the hour may come when the insult you have offered me to-day will be wiped out in blood, sir. Now, I am going, and if we never meet again, you can occasion ally remember, as in a dream, the charm ing Scotch lassie who, on your wedding night, came into and went out of your life for ever. Adios, Senor Jack;" and with his mocking laughter floating into Travers' ears, Roblado bows himself out, leaving the American still seated at the table. CHAPTER VIII.— LEFT IN THE LURCH AT GLASGOW. . The Spaniard has had bis revenge. Jack never moves for some minutes after being left alone in his room. His gaze is still fixed at the bold picture of -.g Edinburgh Castle as outlined against the si sky; but his thoughts are hardly eon- nected with that glorious masterpiece. i Tb Cuba' ! This fair, Scotch lassie whom al strange freak of Fate has thrown in his way in such a manner that their life-lines have crossed will soon have gone over the broad Atlantic to the Gem of the An- tilles, where the terrible Yellow Jack 0 lurks and revolution is in the air. The bare thought causes him to grind . . his teeth with anger. He knows that '% Senor Roblado will never forgive the manner in which he has outwitted the £ conspirators. His hot Spanish blood has been aroused, and henceforth it must be /' war to the knife'between them — as the it; Castilian himself would put it, guerra al cuchillo. In centuries agone wonderful things have happened In that rugged pile upon which he is gazing. The history of most that Scottish hearts hold dear is con tained within the walls of the famous castle — in the officers' mess-room, be sides the battle-torn banners, mementoes of the most amazing fields in history, . may be seen weapons and armor carried by brave men who had hearts of steel. The conflict that lies before him pro mises to call for just such qualities that win in the end. If he gain the prize he must work for it. That harsh decree prevents him from doing boldly the one thing that might promise immediate success. If he breaks his word he gains her contempt, and anything sooner than that. So Jack, the philosopher, realises that he must play his game very oarefully. The Spaniard appears to have it well in hand, but at any moment he may make a false move, and it is Travers' design to be on hand when such occurs, in order that he may take advantage of it. His cigar, which he has smoked me- chanically, though vigorously at times, becomes exhausted, and, as he tosses the stump out of the window, Jack springs to his feet. To Cuba ! 1 Yes, around the world if necessary will he follow. The greater the difficulties that arise in his path the more resolved he becomes to accomplish his honorable purpose. If it lies in the power of mortal maul Jessie Cameron must be his. The law. has given her to him already, but that counts for nothing without her heart, her love. Already has her sweet image been so indelibly impressed on his heart that he feels she is his fate— the one woman in all the world whom Heaven has inten ded to influence his life. Yes, he loves her; he delights to dwell upon the fact that only a comparatively few hours ago her hand actually toucbei his, while their eyes met in a heart- searching gaze, "While fulfilling this strange duty made mandatory by the will of her eccentric relative, and the positive desire of the only father she had ever known, had she not expressed her pleasure at finding the man to whom she must be wedded in this business way a gentleman? Jack has not forgotten a single inci dent of the preceding night, nor will he to the hour when he quits this mortal sphere, since they are engraven on his heart. It is long after five when he leaves the hotel, and, accompanied by the ever- faithful Ah Sin, walks along Princes street. An interview with the head of the police force is what Jack seeks! He de- sires to have the elements of law and or der on his side in this .struggle against the schemer. When he has acquainted this shrewd gentleman with the facts, and explains what he desires, he soon secures the ser vices of a private detective of great re pute. The orders given are to keep a watclf on all Senor Roblado does, and report often to Jack. When this had been done, Travels wor ries no more, but prepares for an early flitting, believing the scene of the drama must soon be changed to more tropica surroundings. " Being in the vicinity of Trin ity Hospital, he conceives the no tion of stopping to ascertain how the victim of the hansom accident, which changed the whole course of his life, may he getting on, and is sui-prised to find that Howard Spencer has gone. He spent the night in the institution, and had his wounds attended to, but with the earliest hour when allowed to . depart he had done so. Jack knows he will see more of this man at some future day. The other hates him because he has endeavored to injure Travers, who was once his friend, and has in times gone by done him mora than one favor. When ingratitude once gains admission to the human heart, it leaves no room for any but the baser, passions. If he meditates any evil towards Jessie Cameron, he had better be wary, for the girl is fast assuming a place In Jack's mind that is sacred, and he stands ready to exhaust every means in his power to defend her. , j The night comes on slowly. Jack has dined, and feels that, like' the famous philosopher of old, ho fate can harm him. News from his agent is what hie' awaits, and meanwhile rides round the city on the top of tramcars. He has before now visited the lions of the place —wandered through what remains of Holyrood Palace, seen the interior of St. Giles's Cathedral, looked upon the house of John Knox, and viewed the city from -ij Calton Hill. ninA bt> enters the hotel, and ®Hnd8a message awaiting him. Of course, gpLls from his agent— written in pencil gpppd In a hurry. IfThey are just leaving for Glasgow, ifwill go by same train. Follow me, and isjmt up at St. -Enoch's Station . Hotel, inhere I will report fc Jack turns to the proprietor. "When does a train leave the station ? -opposite for Glasgow?" he asks. Upon referring to the time-table the i -other answers: "In eight minutes, sir." "I shall take it Have my bill ready when I come down." TTnif a minute to reach his room, a : full sixty seconds in which to toss bis ' things into a travelling-bag with the help of Ah Sin, and get back to the office. x ., ' ;-s The proprietor finds his account paid Jack ie out of the door like lightning, down the court to Princes street and across to the station, followed by his j.-- retainer "bearing the luggage. „ He has his tickets purchased, and enters a carriage with Ah Sin and the luggage Just as the prompt signal is given and the train moves. Such success breeds a hope that the ; future may have much in store for him. The ride is uneventful. Heychtng Glasgow, a cab is taken to the hotel, and Jack seeks rest, having left -word in the office that any message ar riving is to he brought to him at once, for he believes the mission of, the artist to this city on the Clyde is to sail on an -Anchor Line steamer for New York, Whence Cuba may be reached. Another day and no word. How heavily time drags'. Jack grows restless. Can it he pos- dble his shrewd agent has lost track ,of- the game, outwitted by Spanish cun- ,ning? He arouses to the occasion and makes Inquiries himself. A steamer — the An- choria — sails for New York. Passengers must come aboard the night before, as she leaves at a little after midnight He seeks the booking-office, but no one has taken passage under the names he \- knows. It looks, then, as though he will have to come prepared to watch the gang- plank, and, if he discovers those he seekB, go aboard himself. At the hotel a note awaits him. Smithers is awake and on the track. He bids Jack be ready for action in case a voyage is the next thing on the pro gramme. . This seems significant of action. That evening, as Jack enters the dining-room, a gentleman hastily leaves whom he has not noticed, and who seems rather anxious to avoid recogni tion, which is not at all strange seeing that it is Howard Spencer. Jack has actually been under the same ' roof as those he seeks for almost twenty bours, and yet never once dreamed of . the fact! It draws near ten o'clock. Shadows have fallen. Clouds obscure the sky, and the night promises to be a dark one. Jack has decided to drive to the dock of the steamer and carry out his plan. 'Ah Sin has charge of the luggage, and waits in the cab for his master, who lingers to exchange a few sentences .with the clerk. Just at this time a messenger brings a note for him. What luck! In another moment he must have missed it and up on such little matters great events . hinge. Meet me at the Tron steeple in the Trongate without delay. I have as tonishing news. There is no. name. He does not re- cognise the writing. Certainly it is not the same chirography as that of the note that came to him in . London, and to which Juanita confessed. Still, he sees no reason to doubt the identity of the writer, and believes it is -the police-agent Smithers who sends j this startling request. j Jack does not hesitate. \- A few words to Ah Sin sends the Chinese direct to the steamer with directions to wait for him at the gang plank. Ah Sin knows only obedience to the letter. ! . Meanwhile, Jack hastens to the Tron gate. -He knows, he can reach the .spot in dicated in a very brief time; but as minutes are precious he dodges the pedestrians in his hurry to arrive. The Tron Church projects over the pavement, with an arch, under which pedestrians pass, and a better spot could hardly lie appointed for a rendezvous. Reaching the place, Travers looks sharply about for his agent. On the . way he has seen groups of rough- look ing men talking at the cornel's, and al though they are doubtless law- abiding citizens, something in their appearance \- strikes him as odd. Perhaps it is the \- fact that nearly very man wears a cap, \- usually drawn down over the eyes in a . way that is bound to make the most 1 harmless individual have a most bold and burglar-like appearance. Tramcars pass, and people are moving. It would hardly appear to be the place one who had evil designs would select in \- order to carry them into practice. \- Having once been the theatre of many an execution, when the crowds jostled elbows to see' justice dealt out to those \- condemned, one might imagine memories i ' ®f_tbe would deter rogues from / haunting this scene of early-day justice; numerous evil schemes against the pjpfeace of the good citizens of Glasgow fimye been formulated under the shadow lifinuteS are pass- hls mind that perhaps this is but a trick of the senor to beguile him until the hour for the .sailing of the steamer has passed. . He has about come to the conclusion his best plan Is to stop the nexf empty cab that comes along, and make for the landing stage regardless of the startling information which the writer of the note has promised, when his attention is attracted towards a man advancing along the street, who appears to be looking to the right and left as if in search of some one. "Ah!" mutters Jack;, "doubtless my man; but if Smithers, then he is sailing under other colors. Jovei he has cut off a foot from his stature. At any rate, I'll wait for him, and prepare to receive boarders." The short man notices him standing there. "Are ye Mr Travers?" he asks. Jack replies that he usually answers to that name when at home. "Have you a message for me?" he demands. The fellow glances round cautiously. No one appears to be near — a fact Trav ers has noticed, and deems so significant that he keeps his eyes fastened keenly on the other, suspecting treachery. "I- have, sir. Come a bit closer. The lady told- me to be very, very careful," is the answer he reoeives, only it is in broad Scotch. Jack is thrown a trifle off his guard by the mention of a lady in the case. Then this messenger comes from Juan ita, perhaps — oh rapture! — from Jessie herself. He does not suspect that this has been artfully brought into play for the espe cial purpose of disconcerting him. , The Glasgow man has taken some thing from his pocket, and Jack, keenly on the alert, bends forward to see what it may be. Thus he hears not the light footfall behind, because of the rumble made by a vanishing tramcar. A peculiar hissing sound causes him to turn his head, but ere he can fully accomplish this design, a. heavy object descends, and it seems to Jack as though the heavens have fallen, since he sees a myriad stars. He falls to the ground helpless. As in a dream, he realises that two men sup port him and tell a passer-by he is a boon companion unfortunate enough to have partaken too freely, yet all the while Jack's vocal organs, as well as his muscular powers, seem paralysed. Then he feels them lifting him up and placing him in a vehicle; he hears the driver shout to his horse, and with the motion of the cab, all consciousness leaves him, for some one has kindly placed a handkerchief saturated with chloroform over his breathing appara tus. When Travers opens his eyes he is in a dense fog with regard to his where abouts. The stars shine overhead as bright as ever they did, and behind a cloud the remnant of a once proud moon hides her blushing face. Jove! he must be out on the plains again, and all these strange Incidents but the fancies of a disordered mind. Many a night has he slept under the stars in Texas, when playing his adven turous role as a cowboy and ranch- owner. The night air is cold, and Jack, with a shiver, involuntarily reaches on fsr his blanket. Then he discovers he has none. What are those sounds? Surely such as never greet the ear upon the borders of the lonely Staked Plain — the ringing of bells, and the shrill screech of motors switching the freight vans. Amazed, Jack lifts his head. Then he gives a grunt, for the movement causes him pain. His surprise grows; many lights flash before liis eyes — why, it is as though he gazes from a height upon some great slumbering city, and the odour of smoke in the air is very familiar too. (To be continued.) 