[?] %,#' . | A Fighting Tale of Fighting Days. | \ ^ By 5. WALKEY. A- ? (SPECIAL RIGHTS OJT SDBIAL TOBLIOATION SDCURDD BY THE 'ItEFEREC' 1-HOM C l&SLLL; AND CO . LONDON.) ? — v CHAPTER XV. (Oontlnuca )— ROUGES OF THE CRIMSON CROSS. ?Did you over seo such n collcotiou ot visages'' ho muttered 'Hani; mo, ?villas 11 glorioua company ot rogues No\ei in jny lito have I gloated over such a crow oi ilainty, fleice, brown-faced, ? et\ a3bbuolc lera.' ' 'TIB a dashing lot,' said Lipchop. 'Gen- tllmon, overy one. so far as blood and breeding runs. There's fire in their glancu, ami thMr jov.]u ha\e the tiue sot o£ born lightcrF Most ot thorn aic jouug and hana Eomc;' though I glint one or two-old' dogs ?who'd gho me poi'its at ugliness' The Marrjuls, vlth CopplC3tono, paG3cd to and fro amid tuib itrnugo aud glitter i lug crowd Fome of tho men lounged oc the polished decks; others hung about in groups, smolt'ng and chattering Ono snue ? faced old re.1. i; squatted' by a caunon — = .' flask of wine fiotwixt ,bis knees, arid.cl . pairos scattered aroun?lv Anolboi touched \- ii zither* aiitl sang some quaintly weird old Jovo- meloily,' 'mill 'Hie wit aud jests. o£ a do/cn scoiTers ?! '''?' .' '.a ;mli Suddenly tho to ,iujp mado n 'sign, ana cried forth a wbroH-what it was I never knew; but the wholb company sprang at bis voice, nnd stood silent before him. C'bppleslono beckoned us forward, ana tho glistening crowd clustered around in n circle. 'Gentlemen,' cried Do Chastelnayc, 'I havo brought you four recruits. Look upon thorn. tAro they not after your own hearts? Tilo giant-limbed , ioguo is Flecte Biases. Here's niusclo! I'll warrant him a' very linn in a rburliig sea-figlit. . This, diminu tive scoundrel is Captain Wilde. His as pect tnllieu with his namo most excellently, and bis coimteuiinco is soaked in ferocity The third villqin is Richard Grcuvlljc, cousin to Krlo Copplostono. This worthy priest, is the fourth, and last. Stand for ward, my man. There!' By St. Aigu'an' I novor gazed upon nuch au utter rulllan. tVbtn any of our knights of the brush re quire a model for Satan; 'tis certain they need not socle further than Muster Lipchop. But ho can. light1.' curse him! This proves It!' Tho Marquis scowled and pointed to his shoulder. 'Now, say, shall wo enrol thcin' 'ucalh the banner of the Crimson Cross— ay or nay'' A thunderous ancr/or echoed through tho ptill, calm evening. 'Twas a brisk afilrma ti\o 'Bravo hearts!' cried' De Chastnlnavo. 'What filter timo than this. ;tlid subtle hour of gentle twilight, could wo cbooso for our most solemn rite? Tho breath ot Hoavon is hushed, a whisper, sweiit aud. low, 'cornea from the silvor strand, and tho song of bird:, on the. Mjstic Isle lu lost till the lirealr of -morn!- 'There's' -enchantment in the odorous air, tho lagoon is listening for our; captives' vows, and I,' Lord of tho Rogues of tho Crimson Cross,, await their pleasure!' Ho swung round upon, us jvlth a flash ot his dancing eyes. His voice, which had cooed dreamily- through. his iiowo'ry har angue, rose to a loud and sharp. command. Tho mellow light of evening glowed on his high, majestic flguro; and blotted the lnocK cry from his splendid face. Drawing . liis Bword. ho held it quivoring above lriocto Blazes' head. 'To your knees!' ho cried; and Blazes, without word or hesitation, dropped humbly to the deck. Touching his shoulder lightly with the rapier, tho Marquis bado him rise. 'From this hour to tho timo yo draw your last breath yo arc one of the most honor able and chivalrous Rogues of the Crlm Eon Crobs Bo ^alLuit and tiuc, that tho Devil may bo proud ot his own! Now tlid next. Ah! I thought so— tho ' pi-lost has luado no demur, and Satan should be rat ioning in raptuic Gentlemen, this 1g In deed a halcyon day, for never, sirico tho first gathering of Rogues, has the brother hood boasted a chaplain Yet hcic ono kncclb, willing and joyful to be enrolled Rise, bir pi lest, jo'ro as welcome as wino to thirsty 105 store rs Mako rcom foi Captain Wilde Down, jo dog, down1' 'Not I,' cried Jem ''Tl3 a sad hour tthtu I seo a gentleman ad\onturer and bis parson grovolto a cursed buccaneer; ay— 1 Bay It again— a. cursed buccaneer! D'yo think I'\o sailed tho boas foity yuus with out knowing the cut' of a rascally pirnto?— even though they bo.i3t the bluest blood!' A black soul's, no mark of: tho gentleman, however courtly may bo his manners. Aud tout's fo: -ou, Marquis. Cuiso }o all, 1 Eaj'' Bo Chastelna-e's lmpertutbablo \lsage Eliourd uo sign of wrath, but the cold, hoi rlil Gncur enme back to his mouth, ana flamed in his pitiless eves. 'Where 13 Ca cus' bo asked, lu a grating uliliper 'Telch him'' TI1010 was a rustic among tho crowd of robrues— and a long silence, vhlch lastca uubrokeu until a. hugo Nublau, ugly us deepest sin, strodo thiough the thiong Ills garment was naught but a leopnul-skm, Boldon earrings danrled to his glistening shoulders, and a short, bioad sword swunc at hh sido in a sheath of velvet His faco uoro a ccnbcloss grin, and the strong rows of teoth glittered white 'tT?ixt h's thlc3t, rcpulohe lips 'Cacus,' ciicd Do Cha&tcluayc;, 'glvo this follow your hand Do not spate the grip, mind ye Captain Mlldo, 5011 will think mo the queerest of mortals, but 1 havo a fancy to; seo you greet the Nubian! as jou would yoifi best filcnd' ? ll .lorry obejed. though I cav by his oyes 'hat ho dlsti uslr-d tho Fronoliraan's whim. Tho next Instant a oiy bioko tiom lua lips Uo started backward, gazing at his hand On the palm flamed a Ci lmson Cross. Tuo Mn had been shot 11 clean away iu thts sliapo of a blazing ciok by somo stiange Instrument held by tho Nublau, and .1 burning liquid, crimson of color, forced In to tho flesh It binned, and scorched Wilde's Ml 11. Ho watched tho Cuptaiu's fuco. Ho tot Ills jaw, and never winced. 'Bolhno mo, I nm lull of grief,' mur mured tho Marquis Cucus has had gicat «pcrlonco in his work, and mndo a- host of aoblo cavaliers into Rogues of tho Crimson Cross ' ' CHAPTER XVI— EllLE COPPLESTONE 'You may torturo mo an you liko,' said. w'ildo; 'but my heart 'will never drum to. « buccaneering tune.' 'Wo shall uoo! wo shall, bco!' said tho Marquis tn soothing toneu. 'Surely 'tis. belter to be a glorious free-Ianco of tho seas than dlo the death ot those -whose will In stubborn 'gainst our brotherhood' 'Tip bettor to ll\o and breatho In luxuiy— In \oluptuous Idleness, spiced by a hi isle fight now and then with a Spanish'trcasuro 3lup, than to giaan away life by our sweet methods of vengeance Come, my friond, yo are now ono of us.. Make tho bost of' It: bo cheery, light-soulod, and agreeable I assure jou tout e\istcnco will bo approach ing Paiadlsc If yo take Talo as Ileavon spud'! it and pluck no npplo of discoid' Ca-; CU3, this \ast stranger and tho priest haio joj fully bocomo 0111 absoclatC3 They will present their hands/' Tho Nubian's gnu intensified Blazes, without 1 muimur, submitted to tho sting ing tortme, and so did Lipchop Then camo my turn. Erie Copplestono sidlofl clobo to the Maiquis as I give Cams nij hand. When 'twas done, hp -laughed ana struck mo on tho shoulder.' There sebmed a straugq gloating gleam in his dark dyes ' 'Cousin,' ho cried, 'yours is a glorious ohoico' You have scvcicd yourself forever fiom home and Kindred Yot what nnttei, ovory rogue hero Is ; your brbthorr—your quarrels aro ours, and ours aro: yours.' 'I nm no pirate;' I answered;' 'riorever shall be. ' An. inscrutable smile flashed across his white, cold face. Ho turned to Do Chastolriayo. 'What timo do jou suppose the Sanln Catnlina will pass tho isle'' 'M midnight, if the message v\hich came from 'Cartagena is correct. .Morbleuf I'll havo Gian Valesto flayed allvoif ho fools us. Ha! tho moon rises. 'Tin the 'hour for falling ' Erie rappcdi out a command loud ns a trumpet call. The Rogues leapt to their foot, and, Gwiftor than the liveliest brovr of n sreat war-ship, sprang to. liio whut lass and up the ; shrouds. . Th'cro-was abso lute silence cave for tho sharp, Imperious voice of Copnlestonu.' Ho stood on - the quartoi-dccli with tho Marquis pnd swept tho glowering lagoon channel With' his glass. Tho vast sails lazily boomed, a breath or cool, fresh air rippled the .silver waters, ana the great white ship, splendid in her. ghost 'y majestj, swept like a glorious ica-queen towards tho -rifling mists. Through 'theso siio glided; then tho panting bosom. of the ocean ,boro her 'onward. - Tho long mono tonous roll of the waves '.wan. strangely soothing, and the quick slapping of tbo spray' 'caiust the vessel's bows brought Wlldo's soul some small comforl. 'Bettor cruise to and fro, taking short running tacks,' suggested tho Marquis '^\Jiera Is that i-coundicltnurB0oc'' I want him to put my nhqulcjcr-atrnlght.' ~ 'Drunk!' said Erie, laconically. 'Did you ever know Levison sober tor an hour'' 'Never!' cried tho Marquis, with.onthUT siasm 'IIo Is a marvellou rogue with the ?nine- cups and does us much honor. IIo has toasted mo three hundred times this last month.' 'Glvo him the lash' Lot Cacus laj fifty strokes across his back!' 'Not for worlds. I have a much more re fined plan. Your methods *ot punishment are exceedingly coarse, my friond. For tho nonce, faieweil'' Ho slipped away and descended to tho cabin AVo -stood thiveiinK by Erie Copple sloiio.' Turning, he cast his' eyes upon ua with a shrug ot mockery. Thou'lio bec koned mo forward.'. I obeyed, though my gorgo roso strongly 'gainst him. 'Cousin Dick,' said ho. 'There will bo 11 fight to-night, and enough blood spilled to sink a ship. A big craft, the Santa Ca talina, has sailed from Cartagena with licasuro £-ho is finely manned by two hundred Spaniards— double our number, mind ye. Thero'll bo others uboard, too— and ladies! Now, 'tis my Will that ye help us to fight her. The Marquis fancies you, mightily, and your three comrades, too. So prime yourselves, and tormorrow ye'U all don tho silver shirts for the rest of your sinful lives ' I 3uid naught, knowing that silence is a golden strength. 'Look around,' cried Erie, waxing hot with prido, 'and seo my crow. Thorb's not a kmivo among tlio lot whoso blood fails to nm blue. 'Tis our bonst that they're gen llcmou — yot what, ship, is. handled liko lbs Crimson Cross? What company lights liko mine?, Nonp, by Heaven! Aud they glvo Implicit obedience when on the seas. They scrub tho decks and gild tlio spars. There are. six Nubians aboard, besides) Cacus, but theso men do naught but cook— and— frivol n trillo with royslering captives.- Hero he laughed in a griin, saturnine fashion, aud continued his braggadocio 'When on tho islb— tho Mystic' Isler-wo livo lika kings and princes. All mergo into one great biothcihood. save tho Maiquis Ho fathers us: to Is our- lord. ?: A'Bhoro, his will Is law, oven aa- mine is absolute ou 1 he Crimson Cross. Dick, vvhon our ances tor — old Seal let Copplestone— founded this glorious blind and ran out In his swift craft, as, wo ard dolngnow, lu search of prey, ho was little dreaming to what perfection hl3 indent modo of buccaneering government ivould soar. His satellites werctho coarsest Df rough sea-dogs. Ho keel-hauled tho boasts for mutiny, ho flogged thorn till :helr. backs were raw for tho smallest grunt 31 grumble Ho marooned them by the lozeu; if thoir sauco vvns lluns at him lie tanged them right soon. Theso things ,\oio necebsarv Well; ho Lad a son by. a lecoud v\lfc, mind that, couslu Dick'' ''Tis a lie,' said I, careless how I loufch- ' -d his tempci ' ''TI3 tho tiuth,' he answered, a scowl caking train I bo glint of his baneful eyes 'Seal let Copplcbtouo mauled agalj a ' ipauisih lady was his BCLond vtife. Sho was ' ny gieat- Biandmothor — ouo of his [ aptives to whom ho took a fauoy Well, ? vo havo all been tree- lances of tho sea ' Tin in oui blood Wo icuk with pliuoy— ' mt mine, Dick, Is not the fashion of tho ' eat My father— n'tt his soul— began to ' nuuguiale Htiikiug clungco In the baud of - togucs Uo wooded out a set of faitliiul unhiua and iient them EOlng— I won't say jhero. . When ho died, nnd the '-Marquis' Dined us, I dulohed tho vvoik Ileie wo arc, bundled gentlomeu— brothciu, comrudos, 3 nlled in ono common bympathj TloPevo T, 10, wo don't for ever sUj upon thu lslo ^ !av, nav, 'tis oft our pleusuio to e.iil -just- ?ai'd. Rcmomber, I wao nt poombo a brief 'j, hlloago. We bad been to Franco, anil spent (, month in tho Hcdltcrranean. When we 0 went ashore our coals woro no longor scar lot, but sober hucd, that wo might pass to and fro with no other notice than molds throw upon gentlemen — or 'citizens glvo s trail gorii ' 'Why did you como to Coombo?' T asked. 'Thoro was naught to tempt you.' 'What! naught to tempt- mo? Scarlet Copplestono lived - at tho hall! ' VWoll.'you.had no light there. Tho house' and lauds are niino.' 'Ah, I fear yo'll never get the Clown to see thing!, in yem mirror But I had a reason for. -Invading!: tho' hall; Dick, ana' a' good one.', .r * 'Tell It' ?* 'Nay, 'tis a secret.' Ho leant forward and stuck I1I3 Iipt to my car. 'Dick, Lavo you .got- a; dead man'o-hand somewhero about jou' If so, I should liko to sco it lad ' Thoro was a grating, hissing sound in the growl of bis voice I started away from, him with d Midden quick hatred The gleam'bf his oycsvvas ovll.' I understood in a breath that my Hfo, In (.his man's hand1', wa3 a thing that might lice an) moment, cither, by knife or bullet. 'Whero-Is that dead man's hand?' he Vb peated, diawlng nearer with a subtle movement of his tall lltho form, and grip ping my arm. I glanced around Blazes, Lipchop, and Wl'do were leaning ovci the bulwaiks, and tall.lng iu ,au undortone. With a wrench, I flung mjsejf free of Erie's grasp,, and slipped lowaids them His fingers slid to his side, then he laughed— a low, soft,, malicious laugh, and turned to greet tho Marquis do Chastel uayc. 'Lovlson has mado a glorious job of my wound,' quoth tho Frenchman. 'I found him ..underneath tho ' couch in- our cabin, changed him to his feel, poked a pistol in his facp, and sworo I'd shoot him if ho fail ed to shako, tho wine oft whilo I counted throe.. Light'or Heaven' I'd havo sped him, too, without hesitation, had he not straign tened his back,- slid his finger down bn throat, and vomited. 'Twus an unfailing cure,' ho told me, 'to tho heaviest drun kenness.' Saints!; I .satdown and laughed till the tears came. A drollrogue' A dioll rogue! The night ia grandly clear, Erie. When d'ye think the. Santa Catallna will loom in sight'' 'You said midnight.' 'So I did: '-.? '-'Hdne mo; and 'tis far off. Shall I watch horo awhile?' 'You may,' said Copplestono with dis courteous' shortness, and. vanished down fio low. Tho Marquis do Cbastolnayp strolled to wards us, humming a French love-song,' and with his arm in a'sling. 'A fair aud Heavenly evening, my clippea nieht-hawks,' ? ho bogan in his ..-mellow tones. 'I am. sad at heart to seo your soml nakedncss. Tho priest is positively shoes ing to behold. 1, Grieve not; to-morrow ye shall bo ariajcd in the Gayest of coats, my embryo Rosue3,- and ?? mingle With tnu throng. They are of evory nation in Europo, I do believe. 'Havo any of you the gift of tongues'' 'I have,', said: Lipchop. 'Then yo'll' soon know them better than I. On my soul, half these 'fellows '; arc foreign to me, thouGli wo can join with ecstatic rapture, in a revel.' 'What is. that?' said Blazes,: pointing westward. The Marquis sprang- to and. fro with tho agility ot a wild cat. 'Venlro Shint' Gils;' he. cried, ''tis tho Santa Catulina.' ' CHAPTER XVII —THE VULTURES AND __ 'THDmi'HBT, 'Tho Santa 'Catalina!' . A whisper swept along thb deck. With Btealthy hasto the Rogues primed their- pistols' and changed their light rapiers- for the heavy, slashing swords racked 'ncath. thb bulwarks. They crouched in groups hero nud there: Dp Chaslclnayo seta second man at the wheel, then glanced at the approaching treasure ship 'Twas a cloudless night; The stars hung liko tbo brilliant lamps in a vast, dome; tho moon glared pale and cast a silver mantle across tho bosom of the sea.. Tho. Crim- son Cross was bathed In the glory of hor radiance, and the Rogues stood out In darkened, sharp, grim shapes, their arms all of a white glitter whcie tho moon-rays kiased the steel. From out of tho looming west came the Santa Catallna, ? running freo. :beforo a sparkling breeze. Sho was a great ship, with lotty hull and tapering bpars. Nigh overy sail was set. Thoro. was a weird aud wondrous grandeur in her stately ap proach; the; night was silent as the grave, aud tlia Crimson Cross, liko a fluttering eagle, hung in tbo wind and waited for her prey. The air was balmy, yet cooled by the freshness of, tho sea: - Heaven seemed to laugh' and wink; tho stars ' vyore playing twinkling trlcka; and tlio great mooii beam ed approval as a benignant mother smiles upon her sporting children. ; The Marquis do Chaotelnayo, awaiting with calm taciturnity, tho fortunes of tho night, strolled listlessly up and down the quarter-deck, costing a glint now aud then on tho throng below. Presently Erie Cop plestono appeared, and a hum aross throughout tho ship.' ; Everyone looked to his weapons ; the guns . wore run out and manned, and tho half-a doien Rogues wno acted as lieutenants cracked out their com mands,- moving, briskly to and fro ainld the -peculiar. bund. 'Stilp1' sang forth Copplestone, and In n tumbling the scarlet. coats were cast aside. Tho white light glistened and gleamed on the silvor 'bioideiy. of thoir bhlrts; they barcd theh aims and stood ready for the light, with panting breath and strained, cold tycs 'Sho is coming, M. lo Cnpitalne— sho Is coming,' muttered De Chastolnayc, pulling out I1I3 rapier and lunuing his thumb alone tho blade 'This' will bo a pretty encoun ter. Tako my Word for It. Sang Dieu! 1 should liko theqo scoundrels behind put hard to the test ' 'Well, let them man a gun,' Bald Cop plestono, swinging upon us with acrid vo nom.' 'HoiiBO youiBclves, yo slothful fools, and show w hat j ou can do. Tho brass cau non hoio needs hands. ? Slow her lound ana train her on tho Santa Catallna. Sharp, or 1 11 fill you with tho quicksilver that sends lo^ues swift to tho pit.' I mai veiled to soo how Lipchop ana Floeto Blades opiang at his voice to do his will, though tho insolence- of bis tone scorched mj pride. Wilde, too,' gave tnem quick assistance, so I laid hold of a rope and helped to run tho brass gun out. Captain Joiry applied the match. ,1 saw tho light flicker on his bot jaw 'and' groat daik eyes as ho crouched well away from the hi cech, and noted .that Lipchop una Blades, when tho fuse ' ltaed over tho touch-hole, and gave such a jerk upon thoir lablo that the cannon swung about just us it loared— with a sudden belch of vlvla Hamc There vvns a silence; tho shot had lilcau missed tbo tiensurc-shlp. (To bo Continued.) Thero were only olght runners for lfto\ nilersllo Handicap, in which Cannongato -elurncd his supporters a Totallsator dlvl lond of £81 4s at ' tho recent Auckland ;nZ.) meeting. TUo circulation -»f 'Times .Tales,' to bo ssued on December 1, wtll probably largely ?xceed 50,000. To fiocuro prompt supply all irdei'8 ahould bo lodged without delay, 1 ? ? ?( 