THE NOVELIST. -iù ' ?¿--,-jr-.-°*v-»-5 - "JPv-r P7JBLISHED BY SPECIAL. ABRANGEKCBNT. Wild Eelin; V : Itter liteen][ffl'lRH> AflTentnres, and Bitter Sorrows. ' . BY WILLIAM BLACK, ~ Author ot "A Daughter of Heth," "A ' PrrncejB ol ^"Tlmle," ? "Madcap Violet," Vin Far, Lochaber,*; ; "Whtte Heather," "Stand :Fa*t, Craig-Hoyston, '. "'.Highland Cousins," «td etc. (Copyright.) bV CHAPTJ5R XVil.-(Continued.) j^'Mummie," ¿aid «ne, with a copy of the paper In ber hand, "'I can'jt have thia at all yotTknow. If Mr. Gilchrist is to come here, he must understand, fcnÄ remember, that 'Fairfax' and 'White Cock ade' are quite imaginary people- who never ex isted; and the way they have been talking at -each Other has also been quite imaginary-of course . certainly-obviously-quite imaginary-quite-" .'*'Are you only finding that out now, Eelin?" mother asked, with calm scrutiny. ""I told you long ago that all that farrago about assignations at the Islands would become rather , compromising if you were tc meet the young man in -actnaa fife-" \- "Ah, but I won't have it!" said Eelin, with un usual perturbation. . "There.must be a distinct understanding. All that nonsense that has been going on was between two ghosts; and has .10- j thing to do with him or me. Of course not! And 1 £f 'Fairfax' chooses to be timid, and complimen tary, arm courteous, why, it's his own look out!" she continued, with more spirit. "I'm not going to spare him-not I! I will hew and hack at him ! I will cure him of his John Knoxea, and his Fair faxes, and his Cromwells^--" '. "Oh, no, you won't, Eelin. He seems to me a irirjst amiable youth-" nd "Now, "there you are again, mother.'" the girl cried, with some little touch of shamefaced color. '.You are assuming that the newspaper people and the real people.are one arid the same; whereas they are not-and never 'could be. The young man who comes here ls a very nice, quiet boy, as distant in speech and demeanor as could be .wished; and besides he.is so very clever, and well informed; why, he cari tell you everything! Very .nice, and very interesting. Only, he must dis tinctly understand that he has - no relationship with me handed over from 'Fairfax'-however re spectful 'Fairfax' may choose to become." ? "I thought you might find some difficulty," said the mother, regarding her." .'Oh, no," there must "not be>" the girl said, with decision. "There must be a clear under etanding. I will tell him, the .very next time he \- comes out, that 'Fairfax' must, remain 'Fairfax:* a> very slight hint will . be sufficient. For, cf ''course, ï don't want to quarrel! he himself, is really a very nice boy-such an interesting com -panion-so unlike other young men: don't you find hun so, mummle?" '?? . "Oh, I. like him well ¡enough," the marrana said, rather more cautiously: the whole position of af fairs puzzled her. '' ? \ . Nor watAit quite so. easy as Eelin had thought ' to: warn this young Archie that he must In nowise .ôuonsider himself to be the inheritor of the rights, vprilvilegès, and Immunities arrogated to himself by the imaginary "Fairfax." For the real young unan never presumed one hair's breadth In that direction; on the contrary, although she had got !\tq' be in a measure dependent on his advice, he was careful always to preserve a certain attitude cf deference-^to Miss Macdonald of Klnvaig. And how could .she complain that the ghostly contri butor to-the newspaper should be showing himself > respectful to her other, and ghostly, self? The pnly way to clear this somewhat perilous atmo sphere was for. ."White Cockade" to attack him \- boldly in print. She would show him what she thought of his Williaria the Thirds! She would sound the gathering of the clans; and'fight the old battles over again; and lament fallen fortunesjJJ v«nd raise her glass to him beyond'the seas! There J wats to be no more fanciful love-making; no pre »? concerted meetings out at the Islands; no secret ing of envelopes In the first ash-tree east of. the Priest's Well. Who was .this "Fairfax," with his Whigainore sentiment, and his "Declaration of In flependence," "A man's a'man for a' that?" At .¡all events, she; would make it clear that his ex treme courtesy was wholly .thrown away upon the person signing herself "White Cockade," who was resolved to maintain the freedoiri of her opinions and prejudices and habit .of speech as unrestrict ;,èd.and inviolate as ever. ..j,On one of these golden afternoons Archie Gil . ; christ-the real rind actual person-walked out to > Glengarva House; "in his pocket there was the . completed story of the. doctor who, to revenge himself upon society, joined a gang of burglars. It was rather a wild afternoon; during the pre-; ::vious day arid night thera»ha'd been rain up in the ihills, and now the river was roaring down In^ pur ple spate; moreover, the blustering gale from the jBouth-west had not subdued; but Miss Eélin had pegged down and erected a canvas tent between the black-greeñ araucaria and her honeysuckle bower; and. in this sheltered nook her mother and herself were able to follow their usual occupations, 'while at any moment they could look abroad on. th© swinging current, on the row of trees that ,were tossing and straining their branches in the . ¿usts of wind, and on thé brilliant garden-plots, : traeré the nasturtiums, and carnations, and asters, «nd pansies white, purple, and pale yellow, were; järivöh down by the breeze, and would then recov ftr t&emselveB;, and sway, and bend, and become' jrect. in rather a joyous manner, in the succeB ¡rp floods of sunlight. And here it was that ' Me Gilchrist found the two ladlee; and they ted hün with a most kindly welcome; they hint tea, and cake, and fruit; and they beg riw*Jif4 ÍS0 T§°-& \9 iii ern t^e conclusion of the Joctj^-bürglar story. with which they Professed ^hemselv.és delighted. As for um, their pràjaes did not cheer h4m much. lie was fttnör down j|£ heart. The cessation pf co-part perej^lp, sp far gb tixis little story was concerned, Béejljed to foreshadow the end. He had been too fortunate. He had beep, placed op too friendly footing. Well, if he was to be relegated Brack ' ft dlBtant acquaintanceship, he was' not going to ' - Kit k sudden the giâr$ at the month of the tent ama darkened ' " ' ' bi a figure; and a maidservant ad ! nmvnced Dr. Gillespie. And as the corrosion of slavery is not easily eliminated from any human system, a pang of contrition and remorse shot through Archie Gilchrist's nature; here was his mnBter; and he had Tbeen caught idling; it was as if Struthers had .unexpectedly come in and found him dreaming of a line in Horace instead of at tending to daybook and ledger. But this master was not as the other master; he betrayed no sur prise on discovering his' employee fleeting the ' time awaiedtai this pleasant company; .nay, "after salutations," when he perceived the Toll of ' M.S. lying on the small garden- table, he hinted that a little bird had whispered to him of a certain col laboration, and he hoped that file two writers who had for so long been attacking each other in the columna of the "Invernish Observer" would find their advantage in working together in peace and unity. . - "Oh, but understand," said Miss Eelin, as she poured out «onie tea for him, "those two people aré not known here. We don't recognise them. They can continue to squabble If they like-and doubt les they will. We don't even mention them. They -are not of -our set." Now whatever'Miss Eelin Macdonald said or did was right in the eyes of "the bland, fresh-colored, sHver-baïred doctor, who was smiling so benlgn .antly upon her over his gold spectacles; and he feM in with the mystification," And made no f urther inference to the newspaper combatants; but none the less he betrayed some little curiosity about the M.S. before him. What liad his assistant-sub-editor and his young friend the daughter of-the House of Kinvaig. been about, when they laia their heads "Well, I'll tell you all about it," said Eelin, with her usual bold frankness. "That is a small ima* glnative piece-a piece of fiction. The original idea waa Mr. Gilchrist's; but, as I have had some thing to do with the shaping of it, you will at^onc-e perceive that it must be a work of resplendent genius. You will admit that, of course. Very well. So far, good." Thfe familiar, nat to say the irreverent, way tn which this slip of a girl treated so august a personage as the proprietor and editor of the "Invernish Observer" almost shocked Ar chie Gilchrist; but thert-he was not altogether used yet to Wild Bfelin'B waysr-nor did he know that the good-natured doctor had considerably spoiled her by much petting. "The worst of it is," the young lady continued, "that now we have complet ed this work of genius, we don^t quite know what i to do with lt; and mamma wants a five-pound note ferber Convalescent Home; and it has just occur red to me, my dear doctor, that you might take the story-for the "Observer." .She was laughing for him-expecting confusion; but" the shrewd and good- humored doctor *was not Í easily put out. He affected to consider her pro posal gravely. "Yes? ' Well, now, five pounds is not a large sum -not a large sum-not at all; I think that is what was paid for another notable potboiler-" "A potboiler!" she exclaimed indignantly. "I am talking of the 'Ancient Mariner," *' he 3aid, with an innocent air. "I think that is whaf Coleridge and Wordsworth got for the Rhyme, when they were away on^some excursion or other, and found themselves hard up-" , "l thought that the Rhyme was Coleridge's and that the Excursion was Wordsworth's," she said; but he paid no heed to her ribaldry? "However," he continued, "this is doubtless a much more important .production-" "I have told you it is"!-" "Yes. Quito so. And I am obliged to you for the offer. But hitherto we have not published any serial story in the 'Observer'-" "You should march with the times, doctor!" she cried again. "Why, nowadays there is fiction -everywhere!" "That also is true." he replied to her, with much suavity. "There is fiction everywhere-but especially in the political rumors that come from. Vienna. However, my main objection to 'using your story in the 'Observer' is that I should be introducing a new feature that would have to be a permanent feature; and where could I find subse quent tales of equal merit? Impossible!-" "Oh, now you are taking a harmless bit of fun seriously!" she said, pretending to be much hurt. ?"That's not like you, doctor. That's rather mean. And if this little tale isn't a great work of genius, at least lt's "good enough for the readers of the 'In vernish Observer!' " . "That I am sure of!" he answered her, impres sively-though he was not in the least deceived by her offended menner. "And as regards the five pounds for the Convalescent Home, well, my dear Miss Eelin, that might be come at without disturb ing the old-fashioned traditions of a country news paper." He put his finger and thumb into his waistcoat pocket; but at this point the gentle mother inter posed, with more than her usual decision. "No," said she, "I will not have my guests treated in this way. I will not have blackmail levied in my house. Don't pay any attention to her, Doctor: they must dispose of the manuscript as best they can." Doctor Gillespie and Archie Gilchrist, when this visit was over, -walked back into the town toge ther; and the former was most friendly. "When are you off for London?" said he. "For London?" "Yes. Every young mah of literary ahility and j ambition has his eye fixed on London. To conquer.! London, or die-that's the watchword." Alas! of late he had not been thinking of Lon don at all. The visionary, towers pjf Westminster 4-bhey had disappeared from the horizon. Rather Hé had been considering what was to be done with ; a broken and hopeless and useless life when the : inevitable should happen, as it was bound to hap pen. ! . "It is a bold ambition," continued the good Doc tor; "and too often it leads to long heartache and ends in failure; but for the one who suc ceeds the triumph is splendid. I suppose you'll try. There's something in your writing that tells me you'll try.- There's a4argeness of atmosphere gs if you were addressing, a wider- audience than Invernish: I think that sooner or later 'the terri ble city* will draw yon towards it. In that case I could give you some help, perhaps. We shan j be sorry to lose you; but if it should come about ! '-If the terrible city* should eventually get hold of you-HLhen a few letters of introduction could do you no harm." "I an» very much ohllged to you,1'-said Archie Gilchrist, Aud it was all he could say. He "wag ¡ta "tó!^ perplexity-without plan OT purpose; his . ' ffijÁfl JL ohaos; his future a- matter of almost un wßöfiff»,» jßi i? "tTV6"' ^n these later days he cer raLpfr JM'íí^Ki *° have tallen ajmóñij friends; put ¿000 tad tflss iras lie flljstráughi and wretch [ed and downcast; he began to understand better the Incohérent message left behind by thia or that young man or young woman who had bade good-bye to the world and plunged into the un known. Love-madness is sometimes said to be a mere invention of the poets. There were sui cides from hopeless love and from disappointed love thousands of centuries before any. poet "was ever heard of. Then there came an evening. He had been away but among- the ~wilds and hills, perhaps seeking to find in their tranquil beauty and their silence some "relief "from the passionate "unrest within his own bosom. Was it, then, to be Lon don, and a wild dash for fame, and someone, not wholly, uninterested, hearing of his renown? Or the Cape Mounted Rifles, and severance for ever, and forgetfulness? Or to go on and endure, let ting an occasional moment of rapturous grati tude^-for a look or a smile-compensate for long day and nights of despair? Thesé were anxious and conflicting questions; and meanwhile thetwi-: light had deepened to dusk; the trees alons the river bank and on the wooded heights had grown dark; and dark also were the pathways and the hedges and walls; though the "broad surface of the stream was still of a cold and steely hue, and in the west-there was a waning silver-grey barred by heavy swathes of purple cloud.' He heard voices-borne far across the wide water; - a trem bling orange ray spoke here and there -of-a'win dow being lit np. For now he was aimlessly ! returning home, with but little assuagement of his misery. He did not notice, but gradually and steatlhily the world ^aröunä him was being ' transformed. Over the black foliage certain fleecy clouds had caught a suffusion pf faint saffron radiance; the -wide pastures . had grown to be of a phantom grey; the mists were visible along the hills; if he had looked, he would have seen that he was-now casting a shadow. - And at length this new pre sence around him became so pronounced that he could not choose but have his attention drawn to lit; he turned his head to ascertain; and behold! there was the full moon shining through a filmy I haze, over the ebon masses of the woods. All the distant sounds were hushed now; the do minion of the night had begun-with the empress of the night set high on her pale and mystic throne. By this time he-had arrived at the point "where the garden surrounding Glengarva House abuts on the open fiefds; and he was just about to go through the little turnstile to continue on his route . into the town, when he perceived that someone was approaching from the other side. Well, it was none other than Miss Sf lin Mac donald; for she was in the habit of stealing out from the .grounds and passing along the river front to -this convenient corner^ where she could the better inquire of the upland country about the weather prospects of the morrow. He hesi tated-his heart sick with fear; then he advanced, to the turnstile; and she, having satisfied herself as to the look of the night, was about to get back within doors again, when she recognised who the stranger was. So she halted, and shook hands with him, and asked him what he thought of the sky, Lily Neile and she having some scheme .¿or the hext day. And then, of course, as he was pro" ceeding along the river-bank, and as she had to reach the gate of the' carriage-drive before she could enter, they walked along together. It was a kind of inevitable thing. The. length of this promenade was simply the length of the front garden of Glengarva House not over a-hundred yards or so; and no doubt, In those few. brief seconds, they talked the merest. commonplaces. He did not Jtnow; and he did not care. Those honeyed words of hers could be recalled afterwards, and counted over, one by one, as a miser counts over his secret wealth. And in the meantime-that- is to say, when they had parted t at the gate, and when he-had resumed his way into the town, between the glamorous grey of the river and the wan foliage and black sha dows of the tree's-in the meantime his brain was all afire with this^new experience, and his exal tation was of a quite blind and delirious nature. For he had walked in the white moonlight with Eelin Macdonald; and to him it* was as If, in the deeps of «ie forest, he had kissed Schon-Roh traut's mouth. 