L A Y I N G A GEOS Br Henry A. Hiacis. I have just had a nairow escape, 60 narrow that I shudder a', the thought of it. Let it eerve as a warning to those who would meddle with the occult mysteries that surround us. Soma twelve months ago I rented this place — Longlauds—and can'c to live in it by myself. I had been bailly treated by a woman. My first impulse ivas to plunge into the wildest dissipations i>f I';iris or Vienna, but on second thoughts 1 decid.d to take a quiet place in th~ country, and brood j over my wrongs. I h-id plenty of time for doing this a: Loue'lauda -t.-ie whole twenty-four hour., were at my disposal— and any amount of mat-.'rial to work at. I spent a go<>d deal of time in the library, where 1 wrote a cynical novel on the basis of my dhry. It is called " My Love of a Year,'" and 1 think it w ill create a sensation next spring. I trust my heroine will five satisfaction to her original, for six- is dravru from life. There was another noniau in the book— good and true, and from lack of recent experience of this type I idualised a portrait that hung above me. It was that of an hi izabetban girl, and never sweeter face wis drawn on canvas, It was a face as lunest as it was sweet, The soul that Jookcd through the haael eyes was incapa'.lo of deceit; those lips j could no more utter untruth than could their kisses be siren to any other than the man who hsa won her lore for ever. \- And where could those faint ruses on her cheeks be mntch.-d to-day f And that aureole of hair P That portrait ^rew upon me, and I used to talk toj it as though it were indeed a living being. 1 even began to pay it little attentions in the shape of flowers. It seems absurd enough now, but I was scarcely answerable for my actions. I was smarting from an intolerable wrong. iiiea npon • me, and sometimes I lmar-tied it tried to 1 •pejk- I One never- to-be-forgotten night I flang j down my pen. I had just depicted the scale in which I had discovered my Laura's perfidy, and all the old agony returned. My eyes met those of the portrait. "You, you," 1 cried, "you could never have done this thing. Would I had met you instead! Speak to me 1 Come back to life and pity me." • — And then the futility of my words -iulolit. oqiin*". . 'j neipmtt ' ;•*"• -- came to me, and I threw myself irito chair and stared gloomily into the fire. It was not a cold night, and the fire was there as much for cheerfulness as anything, but 1 shivered. A cold breath seemed to pervade the room. It was as though a block of ico were near me. Again I shivered, and this time I looked round. I grasped the arm of my chair. Could I be dreaming or wliat ? There at my aide was a shadowy film. As 1 stared withopen eyes it intensified and gradually assumed human proportions, and soon there was before me the shape of a lady —an old lady in farthingale and ruffle— an ancient datne of the sixteenth centaiy, I stared blankly at the apparitionsomewhat rudely 1 fear—for she simpered absurdly, and then said— " Alack, sir, now your wish is granted, can you find no better greeting for me 1" " My good madam,' 1 replied, whin my astonishment had in a measure subdued, "you speak in riddles. I am, of course, delighted to see you, but the disappointment is of your own making." "Kay, indeed. E'en now you called me, as you have for many a long day, and I have answered your wish." I simply gasped. "I certainly did call upon a lady to appear, but it was the one whose portrait Is yonder. 1 have not had the pleaBurie of seeing you in oils, 1 believe." I verily think the old woman tried to blush, but it was a ridiculous attempt; at any rate, she looked down bashfully and said— . "That is my portrait, sir, painted some yean ago." " Great Heaven !" I cried. " You don't moan to say that's you ?" "Indeed it is. And a passably good likeness too." I fell back in my chair in blank dismay. " Bat, madam," I cried at length, " I don't know you at all. That lady J do know. Can you not appear in her farm, If you are indeed she ?" "Alack, no," said the shade, "I cannot do that. We may only appear as we were when we died. 1 was killed by lightning when watering my favourite rose-tree. See here is the mark." She bent her head towards me. There may have been a mark, but 1 had not time to notice it as I hastily pushed my chair backwards. It was really too ghastly. I had got my fur Elizabethan, but what a travesty she was of her portrait. She was simply hideous—minldod and crowWooted; she had not a bit of colour about her, and her expression was anything but nice. "Madam," said 1, determined to cat the interview short, for I really didn!t like it. "I don't want you. 1 wanted that lady for—or, literary purposes. You won't do at all; you'd better say goodnight." " Softly, young sir; you cannot get rid of mo so easily. All these long, weary yean I have been hovering about, waiting tor you, my living affinity ; and now, having found you, we can never part." I got op In a hurry, determined to end the interview. " M y good lady," I aaid, " I am sorry to disappoint you, as you've been waiting so long, but you've got hold of the wrong man. I'm sure I'm not your living affinity. If you won't part, I will." And I made for the door. Then a horrible thing happened. Before I hid gone a couple of yards she glided np to me and seized my hand. It was an icy-clammy, loathsome touch, and It thrilled me through and through. 1 was rooted to the floor, and could not move. How long it lasted I do not know, but all strength seemed gradually to ooze from me; and, finally, I fell down, and remembered no moro. When,! came round I was alone. The candles were flickering In their sockets, and the fire was out, I was horribly weak, bat 0t length managed to crawl to Next morning I felt bettor, but still terribly weak. My adventure did not bear daylight, and I put it down to an overwrought brain. I decided to ado no work that day, and I went imteadfor a , returning all <h* better for the I exercise. - I resolred not to visit the library until my nerves were in better condition, kept to the dining-room that night, had a good dinner, and then aat smoking my pipe. I fell asleep, and my dreams carried me from the Sahara to the North Pole, and then I Aad found that I it, and awoke suddenly. It was too horrible. There -was that wretched Elizabethan standing over me, holding one hand in hen. Is vain ~ straggled to free myself ; she held it like a vice. "Come for a frolic," ahe said, "the night it still young." Imp polled by a will 1 could not understand, I followed her. She opened the window, and away we went. As I felt my legs leaving the ground, I straggled like a drowning man, and clntched vainlat my shadowy guide. At length as 1 continued to rise, 1 ceaaed my struggles, and resigned myself to my fate. Witches flying through the air on broomsticks would no doubt appear curious observers, but I think the sight of modem Englishman in evening dress float ing hand in hand with an elderly Ulizabethan lady, looked mote ridiculous. I don't think we attracted modi attention, for the population was Scanty, and there were few astronomers among them. One man saw us, however, and lie bad a gun. He po&sibly; thought it was his one chance in life for securing a great hawk, for he deliberately aimed at me and took off the heel of my shoe. Sly companion pnt on pace after that, and we sltimmed the country in fine style. It was ex hO&rating; enough at first, bat vary soon I grew horribly weak. Again my strength seemed to be ooiing away, again I became unconscious. It was the same tale. I awoka isy the dying fire. The window was open. I closed it, looked thoughtfully at my damaged shoe, and staggered to bed. .Neit day I ran up to town. I dined at my club, and then went to a music-hall with a friend I felt I was safe there. Even if my Elizabethan could trace me, ahe scarcely dared show herself in a place like that The programme was almost through when a blast of icy air struck me. "Confound itl they ought to dose those doors," I said to Boldshay. " It T abominable to let the cold wind in." " I wish it would come my way," said he. " I'm just about melted." M y heart sank. Could it be possible— "Ti" Truant!" 1 said a voice at - my elbow. - I scarcely dared glance round, bat there she was, sitting on the arm between me and my neighbour, a fat old gentleman. She grinned horribly, "I was fond of the play in my day " she said, " bat we'd nothing like this/ " Go home 1" I said rudely, isn't the place for you." " Sir," said my neighbor in the flesh, " if you addressed that remade: to me, it's a piece of great impertinence on yoar part." " I was speaking to the lady between us," I stammered. The old gentleman leaned forward through the Elizabethan, and said to Boldshay: ' Your friend doesn't seem well, sir; the speaker, and as he did so a curious look pissed over his face. "Come along, Fred," said he, "I think we'd better go. Give me yoar hand." I took his. For a moment my other was grasped by the icy one of the shade, bat only for a moment. With a shriek which ought to have raised a cry of " Fire 1" in the house, tat didn't, she let it drop, and I followed Boldshay out. rooms, and "f . it's lucky for you" I was with you tonight," he said when I had ended, " or there would have been a scene. I saw her myself, and at once grasped the situation. I'm a Bosicrucian, and am familiar with such difficulties. You've got into the hands of a spook. Yoar fair Elizabethan mast have had a large element of the flesh in her, since her lower nature has been hanging about all these centuries. She is living on yon, and practically divining yon of yoar life." " Hut can nothing be done to stop her ?" I cried. "Yes," aaid Boldshay slowly, "I think I can help you. I must run over to yoar place—the sooner the better. To-morrow, if you like." The next day we started for Longlands. It was late when we arrived, and as soon as dinner was over we adjourned to the library. Boldshay produced some things he had brought with him from town—a couple of corked jars, an empty glass bottle, a chafing-dish and a glass rod. He had a good look at the portrait, and then we aat down. " You must concentrate yoar thoughts on the woman," said he, "and will her to apnear. Yon must be very determined, as I am at present — an antagonistic element." I willed aa hard as I could, and in about half-au-hour she came, as he had predicted. She seemed troubled, and looked defiautiy at'Boldshay. He mattered some unknown words and made a mysterious sign, at which the lady seemed considerably distressed. " Let me go," she cried. "No," said Boldshay sternly, "I've something to say to you. You had better leave us alone, Fred." The spook appealed to me piteously to stay and save her, but I only answered her coldly. I left the room, and waited outside in the hall. I can't say what occurred in the library. All I know is that the most terrible screams and cries proceeded from it. They were really heart-rending, and had Boldahay been operating on anyone else I should certainly have'interfered, but as it was I only smiled grimly. In about a quarter of an hoar the door opened, and Boldshay beckoned to me. He was in his shirt sleeves, very pale, with great beads of perspiration on his ace. The room reeked with a powerful odour, and dense fumeB still hung about. " Well, have you cleared her away 1" I anxiously asked. " Yes. It was a fearfully ticklish business, for she clang desperately to her existence ; but I managed her at last, and I don't think shell trouble you again. This is all that's left of her! " *nH he held up the glass bottle, now filled with « dark-blue fluid. " You'd better keep the stopper in for a fortnight," he added; "after that she will be quite harmless. I wormed some particulars of her life bom her, and found she had a shocking record. She poisoned three of her husbands, and tried to do for the fourth, but drank bom the wrong goblet herself, and so died.' I thanked Boldshay warmly. He had saved my life. 1 believe he read a paper on the incident at the next meeting of the Hosicrucians. I kept the stopper in for three weeks, and then utilised the Elizabethan as ink. I finished my novel with her, and am nowusing her for ghost tiles. I find she gives them splendid local colour. 