A SEA TRAGEDY. A MURDEROUS COOK. A despatch from Newport News, Va., 5th November, is as follows:— The U.S.S. Lancaster dropped anchor in Hampton Roads this morning from Bahia, Brazil. In military confinement on the warship are five men of the crew of the schooner Oliver Pecker, whose captain, J. W. Whitman, of Rockland. Me., and first mate, Wm. Saunders, of Sandy Cove, N.S., were murdered at sea in August last. In the ship’s brig close ly confined is Jos. Anderson, the schoo ner’s cook, who is the self-confessed per petrator of the murders, and who after ward set fire to the vessel. The Olive Pecker sailed from Boston 27tli June with a cargo of lumber for Bahia, and the story of this tragedy of the sea is told best in the words of the murderer, who to-night gave"~io the Associated Press the following version of his “I was put aboard the Olive Pecker, a two-masted schooner from Boston to Ba hia, and had to serve the captain as his servant. I had good reason to believe that the captain did not take to me, and I was always in fear of my life whenever he got into his mad fits. Pie had a dog which was always coming into the cook house and annoying me. On the day of our little difficulty the animal came inside and I threw a boiler of hot water on him. Well, he howled, and the next thing I knew the captain was coming for me. I went to his cabin and he com menced cursing me, telling me that this sort of thing had to stop. I did not say anything to him, and he ordered me into j his cabin to make up his bed. This was I in the morning. “I made up his bed, and he ordered me out with a volley or oaths. I saw he was in mean humor and determined to arm ; myself against him. I knew the cap tain had some pistols in his cabin and I went back to get one of them. Just as soon as I entered the captain fired a beer bottle at me, and seeing that I I dodged it he picked up a pistol from the table and sent a ball in my direction. I had got my band on a weapon which j was lying on the corner of his table, and. | of course, I opened fire on the rascal. My | first bullet took effect in his forehead, and the second one went into his breast,, killing him almost instantly. I ' then } went upon deck called to the mate, who was in tiie fore rigging. ! “Pie shouted down to me, asking what I wanted. I told him to come down, that the captain wanted him in the cab in. He started down, and when he reached the deck I went for him. He was an old fellow, with whiskers, and I felt like smashing him with my fist. He looked at me as if to inquire my author ity to order him about, and I levelled the weapon at his old bewhislcered head, saying at the same time : “Now, die like' the dog you are.’ With that I pulled tho trigger, and the mate dropped to the deck, rolling’ to the port side of the ship. ' . “I then went down into the cabin, thinking I would be able to take the ship myself. I saw that the captain was a ghost and I came upon dec k again. The mate was groaning and X felt it my duty lo put him out of his misery- One ! more shot did the act. T secured che ce.ptain"a other pistol, and after giving Ore.mate.a second bullet I started to ward the crew, who were aft,, with a pistol in each hand and gave them to understand that I was to he master of the Olive Pecker and that the first man who undertook to disobey my orders would have to suffer the consequences. They carried out my commands without a murmur. “J first ordered them to throw the main's body overboard."and then wo went down into the cabin tend brought up (lie captain's corpse, disposing of it in like manner. Next I ordered the men to get. out the oil and saturate the whole vessel, fore and aft, in such a manner that she would burn up like \--. They did that, and then we got onr belongings and prepared to take io the boats after setting fire to the old ship. My chum and 1 went down in one of the boaVs'while the other four men took to ariotheit Thesi-aiuUiitl-'off in s different r<ttrpctmiT~l'rom us'and we never, saw Them again until we met in prison in Bahia. They must have peached on us. for no sooner had we landed from the ship we had taken than the officers placed us under arrest, and sent us to Bahia., “The Pecker, was one month out from Boston, and was within two days of Pallia when all this happened. She was a two-masted schooner, arid started out with a crew of eight.” This statement'was sent ashore by an officer of marine. The officer stated that when the men were thrown into prison at Bahia, the United States Consul at that, port communicated with the Navy department at Washington concerning 1 the arr est of the murderer and his ac ! complices, and received instructions to j place them aboard the cruiser Lancaster, which at the time was several hundred miles south of Bahia, and which would be ordered to that port as soon as pos sible. The seamen remained in the old prison at Bahia for four weeks before the arrival of the Lancaster. When the men were sent aboard the cruiser they were found to be so filthy and poorly clad that it was necessary to give them baths and new wearing apparel. The cook was ordered in irons and the remainder of the unfortunate-crew were placed in military confinement. The five sailors are under the impression that they are being held as witnesses against the cook and will he expected to testify that he murdered the captain and mate. It is more than probable, however, that they will not only be used as witnesses against the murderer, but will be held and convicted on the charge of firing a ship on the high seas. The other five men of the Olive Pecker's crew are William Horslmrg. Andrew F. March, Manuel Barriat. John Lend, and M. Barstad. 