THE MYSTERY MANDEVILLE SQUARE IlV Silt lilf.llKItT CaMI'UKM,, ll.MtT., Author of ' Friim Shadow to Light," "On a Wiiiter'ri Night," "Wild and Weliil," Ac. (f'ulUsfaibtj KiKc'ml urrunj«nrat irii/i Heart IFurd, W ,( //nirdrti, I.Ul, f.oml-.n,) ClIAPTEIt XXX,— Continued. VKI.I.OW DOIJ (1U1.I.V. Witimut u word the American filled two glasses, and taking down hiit own ot a gulp awaitod further communication, " \ cs ; n smartish crowd ynu havr, by nil nccuunts," said Mat, "mid there U ono gentleman here that I Imvo come n long way to say a few words to; porhnps yuii cun tell whero I shall find him." "Ilu hev got a name, I gnosa," answered lha American, seating himself upon tho bar mid awingiog his lugs lazily to and fro. V lib, yes! " miswi-rcd tho detective; "ho bun gut a nmns, of cuurae ; it's Himidiui, fur want of a hatter one." Tho tiivcrii-koppcr hlid down to the finer, mid uyctl his guest, with a look of suspicion, "lirandoni" repeated be, " Vim " rejoined Mat. " Do you think I ciuihi got a chance of saying a fow words to him?" "Will, kernel. I don't think won could ! ' replied tbo mini, " W hat ! dura ho keep himself so cjiilot nnd cechnlcd like, that ho wouidu't bo glad to havo a chat with a fellow- countryman ' " asked Matthew, with a pleasant smile, " I don't know what ho would like," answered tho man, sullenly; "but I'll hot my hoots you don't talk much with him." "Oh ! i think I could persuade him," returned .M«tf with a smile of self- confidence. " You'll ho a darned sight cleverer than you look, then," answered the man. " (jomo, come," rejoined Matthew. " i M-u that it's no ttso trying to humbug you ; tho fact is tho mm; is wanted, and I urn n detcclivo," 11 1 knovrcd that," answered the inn keeper. "And, pray, how did you find U out (" utlicd Mat, a little taken aback. "»j, mtiju, rejoined tuo man with u cutiuiiig smile, "you see you was mj perlito nnd mealy-mouthed like, that I guessed you meant mischief. Wot' tho llritiniier wanted fort" " Murder mid robbery," answered the detictive, lirielly, " dumpiuMehosliupahat 1 " oxclairaed lh« tavoru-owner ; " nnd so he had tried his hand at tho gatuo before, has he?" "What do you moaul" askod Wenlock, " Hero ; conio in here," said the man, making no direct reply ; and taking the detective roughly hy the arm, he led him into a small room adjoining, thu bar. It was a wretched, meauly.furnisbed place, mid upon a low bod lu one corner lay a man, wIiimu head was ewutbed in hlood staiui-d bandages, and whose right arm in rough splints, wus laid upon the outside nf the coverlet. " Hore, Bandy, old man, rouse up a mi, earn ttie Host. « Here U a Britisher coma, who wants to talk to that feltow, Brandon." "He'll find that tarnation difficult to do," returm-d tbo injured man, with u faint sinilo flickering over hie faco. "Oh I all right. If it's to ba a game nt riddle guessing, I'm not in it," said Matthew, pretending to be annoyed, nnd preparing to leave tbe room. "Don't get mad, kernel," said the tnveru-keopcr. " I guess you won't wnsto your time in having a little chat with Sundy, hero ; that is, if he is up to it." "I con talk all right," answered Suudy, poovishly ; " anything is better than lying hero without a soul to speak to. Bo you want to bear about tbut skunk, Brandon, do youl" he added, turning to tho detective. " I should bo glad if you could give me nny information about him," replied mo ueiixiivo, politely, "I wish in thunder I couldn't," answered tho injured man, wearily j " hut here goes, at uuy rate. Me and my parduer, French Pete, , hod been working a claim together for three or four weeks, nnd not doing no good at it either, when I lost Pete, all of a sudden——' " " Little row over euchre at the Magnolia Saloon," interjected the hoat. " Kernel ,T. Hiram Twiaterling, best pluiu centre shot in the gully, end so French Pete went under." "This oro Brandon had been loafing about tho bars for snmo days," con tinued tho man, waving his bend to deprecate further intcrruntion. "and on n bad day for mysolfltook him as a pardnor. Ho was a lasy hound, and 1 nhould havo given htm tbe kick out, when ono day, as I was fossicking about at tho bottom of tho shaft my pick slipped rifilit into the side wall, and 1 cntno oernsa a pocket, a chock full ono too. Wo||, I soon emptied it, nnd had a btgdrink on tho strength of it, and then wo set to work again, I down tho shaft, and my pardner a working the windlass to haul up the stuff. I'd just sont up a full bucket, and was a resting a bit, when all at onco I hears a noieo, and a looking upward I urn thu bucket ooming down like a Hash o' greased lightning. I'd just timo to catch up the spade, jam tho hhirlo into tbo olay at tho side, and olap my head under it, when down comas tho bucket full of stuff kerslap. H it badi.'t bien for that spado I'd havo bad every brain in my noodlo over tbo bottom of the shaft ; as it was it cut my head bediy aod broko my arm. Some of tbe boys who bad bad a squint at what had happened kirn up ; and, damme, if they didn't find the windlass rope clean cut with a knife, and my blessed pardner a standing by pretending to be atruck all of a heap." " Misbtug to have finished off bis par4prrf Handy, and then have ake4441o4 w'b the gold," struck in tbe faoei arbo seemed to be determined to piay tbe part of chorue. " What a cowardly villaio," ex claimed Wenlock, aghast at tbe recital. "That's what the boys said," con tinued the wounded man ; "and they was right down mad at the way I bad bcena served ; but I'm feeling a bit faintish now. Let me have a drink, mi I II sco if I cau t siocp a spell. " What have you done with Bran don ? " asked Wenlock, as he and the tavcrn-keopor left tbe room. " Well, tbo boys was real mad, kernel, and tfaoy took him to a tree, and they tied him there to keep him ont of mischief.1' "Tied him to a treeP" repeated the detective- " Yes, and bo's there now," answered tiio innkeeper. "Why,, the man will, din from exposure in a sun like this," exclaimed Wenlock. "No, kernel, he won't die from exposure to the sun," answered the man, "nor from damp feet neither, for they tied him up by tho neck, and his foot is a good four foot off thb ground." "Great heavens, you don't mean to eay that you ve banged bim, cried Wenlock. "That's what they call it," returned tbo bar-keeper ; " bor a nip, kerooi, you look sickisb." "What, hanged like this, without judge or jury P " muttered Wenlock. " He was tried by a judge, as is always ready to attend to such esses as his," answered tho tavern-owner, solemnly, " and by a jury of free and enlightened citizens of tbe great Republic." "But you haven't a judge here, surely," urged Matthew. " We hev, kernel, we hive," replied the mau. "Did you never heir of such e ?tun as Judge Lynch 1 " " Lyacbed," exclaimed Wenlock, "what a miserable end to have coiue to." " It sceme from ill ynu eay that he only met with bis deserts," replied the tavern-keeper ; " and just let ue advise you nut to talk too loud!? about it. fur nur boys' blood is up, and they'd think tarnation little of hanging up another Britisher to keep bim company." " Oh, I ebau't talk, don't fret yourself," answered tbe detective hastily ; "only it's a bit disappointing when a man expected to make two hundred and fifty pounds by the capture to fiud that the fellow bad run his neck Into quite a fresh noose." "That's io," answered the man, thoughtfully, "and I'll just have a talk to the boys about it. I suppose you aia't going to honour us with your presence for long, air yon i " " I shall get back to morrow when my horse aod I have hud a rest," answered Wenlock. "There's a party a-going back to Madronoville, to-morrow," suggested the boat ; " they've made thuir pile, und I guess they'll paint that amall location red; suppose you go with 'em, it will be comnauv like across that darned alkali desert." About twelve o'clock tbo next day Wenlock was ready to start, and called for bis bill, when tbe host approached him in a mysterious manner. " I had a talk with tbe boys last night," said he, "and they say that i hey feels real moan at having polished off the skunk, and done you out of your dollars, and they hopes you'll accept this as a sign of their regret;" and as he spoke bo puts mall canvas bag into Matthew's bands " Why, what is this ? " asked the detective, surprised at its wei»bt. "Nuggets and dust," answered tbe man. " I think you'll find it rather better than two hundred and fifty of your British currency." " I can't take it, I have no claim on them," objected Wonlock. " Don't talk about claims ; if you don't tako it, it'll go in old Bourbon, and all kinds of other devilments; and don't you rsito the boys' dander, far they can be real wild cats when their back's up," counselled the man. " Well, but my bill ; bow much is thatP" enquired Wenlock, "for I must bo off." " Excuse me, kernel," answered the tavern-keeper, with a friendly nod, " that's my contribution to tbe general fund ; and darn my grandmother, if I haven't wiped that littlo account "of .yours clean off my slate." CHAPTER XXXI. una. wkn lock's opinion. Gertrude and Clinton were seated alone iu a pretty drawiog room in a house not many miles from Edinburgh, for at her lover'a urgent request the friendless girl had consented to stay with bin slater until their marriage. " Gertrude," said he, taking her hand In bis, 11 we are to be married to morrow, and do you know that I feel IihII ashamed of myeelf in having gained Un hand of auch a rich heiress as you are. It seems as if I pas going to live upon my wife's money." " Never let me bear you say euch u thing again, dear Clinton," aniwered the girl, placing her bend upon hie Hps. "Do yon not consider that your brilliant intellectual powers will ,eome day bring you in as much money aa I have now t" "I fear that it will be a long some day," answered her lover, with a faint emUo. " Nooseose, Clinton, now you lay ' fainthearted,' as that dear old Ibiug, Mrs. Wenlock, would say. Why, was there not a very laudatory notice io that great end mightyorgan,the Literary Lute; and didn't you say that a great many more papers would follow its lead I" " Well, perhaps ; but it will be a long time before I gain anything like tbe money you bring me dearest," replied the young man. " Don't let us talk about the hateful money any more ; if it had not been for that, my poor stepmother would not be ao idiot, for when I went secretly to see her, for which you ecolded roe well, you tyrannical boy, it was to tell her that 1 freely forgave her, and that she must be under no alarm for tbe future, for I would give her us much mouoy as she wanted ; but, before I could say a word, he took me for a ghost and had that awful fit" "And a good thing, too," answered Clinton, iodiguautly, " for a madder freak I never heard of. I for my part shall oever forgive her. Why, by her wickedness 1 might have lost you for sver. I can't think how a girl of your character coutd ever have made up yonr mind to see or speak to her again." " I think, C'liuton, that my love for you has wmked n grrut chengo in roe," murmured the girl, softly, as aho threw her arms around her lover'a nock ; "and now, don't scold me any more, for remember after tomorrow 1 will not permit it." "Let us take our last walk together as lovers, for to-morrow we ahull he man and wife," suggested Clinton, kissing her fondly. " What ! " exclaimed Gertrude, start- ing nway, and menacing bim with her forefinger, " and ahall we oot be lovers after marriage t " " I shall never be a great writer, be ure of thit," answered Clinton with a laugh, " for It seems that I am ignorant of the real .niceties of the English language and slipping his arm in here he led her through the open wfudow into tbe beautiful grounds that sur- : rounded his sistqr'a house, a type of their happy pilgrimage through the gar den of life. "Yes, Mut," Mid old Mrs. Wonlock, " I am very happy to have you back, fur I worreted about you dreadful this lust time, and, what's worse, the cards gave me no comfort, for being beyond the seas t suppose they couldn't kuow wlmt ynu whs doing. And so they kuve put that old Donovan on a pension, have they I " " Yes, mother, and a good deal more than he deserves," answered her son. " I suppose, however, they couldn't help themselves, and it was the surest way of preventing bim from making any more bungles and botches." " 1 sometimes wish you bad done with all tbut detective business, Mat," mid tbe old ludy. " When I take up the paper and reads about all them mur derers, and coiners, and ragamuffins of all kinds, I often wish that, now you've made so much money, you would leave it and go io for some other business, a nice quiet pub dowu Whltecbapel, or ile Ead 'wey, now, where you could end your days in peace or quiet." " Have you read tbe paper this morning, mother 1" asked the detective, not oaring to argue with the old lady, and icarcely agreeing with her notions of peace end quietiiuM ; " look nt that place I have marked with pencil." Tbe old lady put on her spectacles, and slowly read out tbe announcement of Cliutou'a and Gertrude's marriage. " Pretty dears." said she, " I wish 'em all happiness in life, and may all the world thuve to them, Matthew, as handsomely as they h'ive behaved to ua ; but I have groat douhta about their future, eon Mat, great douhta about their future." " Why, what do you mean, mother 1 " asked the detective, absolutely looking pale with alarm. "They'll uever get on without 'em, Mat, 1st 'em try ns much aa they can, and even if tlmy meant to, they ueedu't fly iu the face of Providence by puttiug it in tbe papers. Look here." ' And' Matthew Wenlock glancing at the place .where his mother's finger retted, .-read at tho coucluHion of tbe announcement of the marriage, the words, "NO CARDS." (The Zntl.) 