AN OPEN LETTER. To THE RIGHT HON. C. C. KINGSTON, P.O., Q.C., M.P., PRESIDENT OF THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. Dear Charlie-Many thanks for your kind reply. What a lot of things you would like to hear about. In one matter I will try and oblige you; you ask, what attitude did Charleston take during the last campaign ? Why, what did you expect ? He appeared to be actively working for Shaw, or at least against Hutchison, and he had the fact rubbed into him pretty severely at one oi the meetings. By-the-bye, you promised to let me know how you got Charleston's vote on the Closer Settlement Bill last session I mean on the parliamentary sanction clause. You know he said on the second reading that he was against the Bill and your own fancy clause, and he was trying to persuade members to vote against the Bill. He pro tested against the Bill shutting out the Council from having a say in the financial part of the question. Yet he voted for this same clause by pairing with Bob Guthrie, who was against it. You thought you were going to lose this clause and the Bill by one vote. Yet you secured him. I want to know how you did it-if we are to be friends let there be no secrets between us. Is there to be a Chairman of Committees appointed for the Legislative Council again and is he to get it ? He could take it now that he is an Independent Liberal, and it carries a salary of £200 a year extra to the pay of members of parliament. Out with it! How did you get Charleston's vote ? There is another little matter I would like to know about, and I make bold to ask you. for we are chums, you know. When is Tom Playford coming back to his tomatoes, and which of your colleagues is going to fill his place ? It is said at the coffee shop, that owing to that Hojister's statement about Dr. Cockburn going, and the Advertiser not being in the know, that the dear Dr. is not to go, that he is to be sacrificed because of the cussedness, and as the only way to square the other scribe is to prove that Granny lied. Holder must go instead. The little vain man of the Advertiser says that Playford can have the Burra seat with ease, and he could have the Treasurer's post in the Government. Great Caesar's ghost ! what power these paper men have in the land. Now, I want to tell you a little in confidence. We, the main body of the Labor Party, are beginning to see the folly of that supposed unwritten understanding, that our Labor representatives must not take a portfolio. What we think is, that if any change is to take place in the constitution of the Cabinet a Labor members chance must be considered, then we could with every reason expect an active, honest adoption of the main planks of our platform. I know that the whipper irf, Butler, must be considered, but I think you told me he had no promise of office other than that he now enjoys, including the extra screw which the job carries. There is another matter which must in terest you. and that is the appointment of a new parliamentary leader for the Party in the House. The king is dead, long live the king." McPhersori's gone, and with much regret, the Labor members must fill his place. Now, whilst it is the Labor members themselves that havie the appoint ing of a new leader, it is of the greatest importance to us, the general body of the Party, that the right man be elected, and no doubt it is of some interest to you. I am glad you are away from the colony just now when this matter is under consideration; I leave you to guess why. I was saying to a mate of mine the other day that to all appearances you are strong, very strong, in the House and country even now after your long term of office, and that you appear to have all parties well under control. The Opposition exists only in name ; the Country party is docile and happy ; and our Party sullen and passive, like an illused mule, ready to kick at any time. The Opposition's ineffectiveness is owing to bad leadership, want of tact, and a lamentable lack of courage. If its leader, Sir John Downer, asked you to order him a suit of mail for his bodily protection I know what part of his anatomy you would protect most, and you despise him accordingly. How different if Vabe Solomon were leader. The Country party I said were "docile and happy,'" brought about by liberal doses of political patent medicines to its leader. On one occasion I asked you for the recipe of the drag, bat you refused me, saying that you would have to get the consent of Freddy and Larry, as they had a share in the patent. I never got it, I expect you forgot or they refused to let me have it. Anyhow I have had it analysed, and find that the compound body when separated consists of many parts. Here are a few of the in gredients, and I notice that the mixture must be kept in a dark place like other patent drugs :-4 lb. of soft soap from West Adelaide ; 3 lb. of best butter from White Cliffs, near Orroroo; lb. of honey from Mount Barker ; 2- pints of olive oil from the Burra; 2 lb. of dried saltbusli from a Northern district, mixed with a gallon of water from Pekina Creek or Nectar Brook : 3 oz. of affected dislike for Labor Party ; 2 oz. of country v. town, to be given in small or big doses to suit the patient to be treated. The analyst says there are many other ingredients in this "wonderful Kingston Holder patent compound soothing elixir, but it is hard to say what they are. He has a strong suspicion that a certain drug known only to politicians is also part of this won derful compound ; it is commonly known as " distilled favors for districts." Anyhow, the mixture is doing its work, and the leader is happy and docile-so is his party. Now, I hope that the Labor Party will select a man with more courage than Sir John of the Opposition, and one who can resist the effects of the Ministry's patent drug. You like a strong man and true, and we have a man who will suit. The Legisla tive Council representatives are out of it; our leader must be in the House of the People, and he is there, and before long may you have a big experience of a party led by a man of sterling qualities such as our late leader had. Some of the Party are likely to come to Melbourne next week to see you at your Convention work. 1 only wish I could come also. Work is getting very scarce here. Hoping for better times, I am, yours truly, TOM JONES, Working Man. 