Crumbs. Wintry. Cyclorama. Show week. Theatre Royal. "Her sood name." Omdurman captured. Battle in the Soudan. Waxworks—last ween. Flight of the Dervishes. A decisive British victory. •'Jane"—last night but one. The 21 st Lancers lost 21 men. General Kitchener is only 48. Cour&irtg; to-day atj Plympton. The Khalifa is 52 years of agfe. Labour Parliament still sifctiujr. August rainfall in Adelaide, 2.15 Khalifa had about 60 Krupp guns. Port Adelaides beat the Norwoods. A big trade with Westralia in eggs. Barometer at 10 o'clock tjo-day, 29.80. , Brilliant British victory in the Soudan. Prince of Wales getting all right again. Bendigo the proud possessor of a ghost. Cricket delegates back from Melbourne. Burnev Young taking a well-earned rest. Obit.—Mr. T. S. Marshall, of Port Germein. Grand Scottish concert on Wednesday night. Australian cuckoo heard near Bridgewater. Christian Endeavourers finished their session. Certain that the Khalifa's army suffered terribly. * Prince of Wales better. He has attempted to walk. Particulars of an excellent rainfall for August. The 21st Lancers lost 21 men killed aad 20 wounded. British lost 100 and Egyptians 200 men at 1 Obdurman. A flutter in the Labour camp—nomina tions galore. Betting restrictions reducing the process to a science. 4 East Adelaide lacrossers had a day out at Noarlunga. The Ccckburns in England great on swell gp.rden pa-ties. Dervishes could not stand up against the British bayonet. Charley getting his directions for the general elections. Fruit Inspectors seized several parcels of forbidden plants. What has become of the Kanowna Sacred" nugget? Barton will probably have a seat vacated for him this week. The Himalava brought "a new master for St. Peter's College. - . Mosque arid Mahdi's tomb at Obdurman partially destroyed. When is a trapper not a trapper? When he pays a big divvy. Dreyfus case seems a rod in pickle for the French Ministry. European prisoners of the Khalifa, to the number of 150, set free. Is the Labour Conference to usurp • the functions of Parliament? Liquor and tobacco trades-are said to be the least.affected by war. Ah express train derailed on the Midland Railway. Many -fatalities. Victorians make an eight-pennyweight to the ton mine pay dividends. Government Geologist thinks' highly of the Wadnaminga gold reefs. Few men in the North more respected than the late T. S. Marshall. Trapper in the Spring Handicap paid £28 9s. dividend on Saturday. No reliable figures forthcoming regarding the number of Dervishes killed. President Sinclair wants cricketers and d footballers io #tand up for Christ. A bicycle ride from Adelaide to Perth quite a simple matter now-a-days. . Lieutenant Grenfell lost his life while leading his men. in a brilliant charge. Dunwich, near Southwold, is Suffolk, has almost entirely vanished into the sea. Sun rose at 6.2 a.m.; sets at 5.29 p.m Moon rose ai 3.11 a.m.; sets at 10.40 p.m. British lost about 100 men in the battle of Omdurman. Egyptian losses estimated at 200. Khalifa promised a glorious admittance to Paradise for any of his followers who fell in battle. South Australian calico, beer, and fryingpan experts critising. "Rongtinongtal scenery. 'The Totalizator shall become as -extinct s tjhe New Zealand moa," says Rev. Cowperthwaite. Queensland produced 81,582 oz. of gold last onth—an ^ncpase of 6,000 oz. on the preious month. The Kalgooriie, steamer, from Fremantle, rrived at Port Adelaide yesterday with Unexpected" donation of £300 to the allarat Hospital by a man who was reused admittance, British Government's . education policy ondemned as being insufficiently liberal by rades Union Congress, a a r 1 G s n w f ac G H S M Russian newspapers warn France that it is.useles to expect Russian aid in a war for the recoveiy of Alsace arid Lorraine. ' Trades Union Congress sitting at Bristol is passed a resolution recommending Unionists to support State Socialism: Perhaps the most interesting prisoner to regain his liberty was Charles Neufeld, formerly a German merchant at Assouan. The New Milo, from 9,460 tons of stone, produced 10,37fl ounces of gold — over ah ounce to the ton. Yet the mine stopped. In 1854 only 2,000 tons of ice was im ported into England, whereas in 1894 402,124 tons was imported from Norway alone. Mr. James Hiealey will lecture on "The Irish Language" to-night. All lovers of the Qaelic tongue will receive a cead mille fai'the. Russian newspapers remind France that, "while she needs Russia's friendship, Russia can manage her affairs without the help of France. One of the first acts of the Sirdar on en tering Omdurman was to set at liberty 150 Europeans whom the Khalifa had held as prisoners. The only British officers killed are Lieutenant Grenfell, of the 12th Lancers, and Captain G. Caldecott, of the Yorkshire ~ " t. bour Conference began modestly—free education, including the University curricu lum, with free books and other requisites thrown in at the same figure. Among the released prisoners were several members of the late General Gordon's old army, whom the Khalifa had compelled to act as military instructors. The total amount put through the totalizator on the two days was £'22,769 15s., or £5,467 15s. more than was invested at the same meeting twelve months ago — a substantial increase. For lack of knowledge, many opportunities in a new country must necessarily be lost, and in such a place it is peculiarly true that the education of those who are fitted to add to the stock of useful science is one of the best of investments.. * After the purely preparatory work of travelling over the well-trodden paths of standard science in order to be able to pass examinations, it is a: capital training for -a student to take up one particular problem and work at it alone for a few months. The mental training involved in the true and .faithful mastering of first principles must in the first place be beneficial to all",' whether they be dull, or ordinary, or specially gifted; while, secondly, the course of study, thus beginning from a correct starting-point, is of real service to those rare pupils who are fitted to become in after years the leaders of men, and to make discoveries or invent processes of lastiqg service to humanity. Overheard in a Tramear.—Literaiy Society Enthusiast to a Friend who is reading—'"Hullo, old- chap, another book? What is it this time?" Friend—"Oh, "Gulliver's Travels.' I suppose you have read it?" L.S.E.—"'I have some recollection about „ Friend—"It is one of Dean Swift's. 1 L.S.E. {suddenly, inspired)—"Ah, one of the latest, probably." Friend (sarcastically).— 'Yes, the first edition was only published in 1726." Collapse of L.S.E. This is a true bill. 