Departure of the Rev. Mr, Bice. 1 FAREWELL AT OOSFOBTff. „ Yesterday, afternoon, about 4/0 momuora., oi ttio ohoir, of St. Mmj's Church, West M'aitland, with tbo Rev. Mr. Bico, Mr. Kino;, A.R.O.O., and Mr. Butterworfcb, ' went out in 'buses fco Gosfortb, to hear Mr. Bico deliver his farewell , eormon at tbat place. A number of other poople also drovo out, nnd when service ooramenood the little church waB full to the door. Tho losBons wero from Isaiah xi., nnd Epkesians r,, nrid the Pealm chanted waa tho lOdtb. Tho Canlato Domino nnd Dims (Bi-jclr/oitiator) were Bung, and the ohoir uloo rondored the anthem, 'Leave us »ot, neither forsake ua, 0 God or onr salvation' (Stainar.) Mr. Bico took «s aia text 2 Corinthians, xlii., M., ivhornin Pftnl bids ftdiou to tho people of Ooi'inth. Thn rov. gontltftnan, who was much, nffootcd, enid thoto was always something sad and uolorun in thosotwo Bnifill EnKllah words 'good- 1 by,' although they really meant—' God bo with you.' Ho had lived amongst them now for about si'ven niiintho, and bad matlo tnaoy fnondR, whom ho grlovod to print with. As pastor and people they hiid iivod together in tho most pleasant silrnnmntancnit. arid now they were parting, norhnpn nnvur f,o meet again in tho Bamo way on earth. Hi might even bo ordainod that they should pirt until they met in that place where there would not bo choir nnd congregation, bub one vast universal ohoir bo sing eternal bnllolujftba. It was almost nioro than ho could bear to say 'reood-by,' and porhaps he would nay with Paul 'faiewoll.' And like Pah), ho would leave them with, tho Bamo words of loving faro well— 'Tho ctaoo of tho Lord Seam Christ, and tho lovo of God, nnd tho oommuniou of tho Holy Ghost, be with you bll. Amen.' ' ' ? ';'. , , ,- ? , At tlieoonolunion of thn nermon, tbo choir sang tho sadlv boautiful nnthom of Tonnyaon'a, f'CroBB. iDir tho Bar.' Tho music is by tho Bav. H. H, Woodward. Tho whole oongretjafcloa was deeply moved. ,, .'? ? ' . .. ??:'?- . __ , After Hit; cervico thirty parsons partook of Holy Communion, '??, . ? !? ;., , ? Tho pooplo thon nsKcmbloa o.u.fcsidoi. the ohuron, in front of the porch, whoro Mr. Uldo was presented , with a handsome uilver and out glaao oruot and ogg In malting tho nreaontatlon,; Maator William Vilo said, on bolialf of tho young poople whom Mr. Bioo had prepared for tho reequt confirmation, ho linked him to ticoopt that ptoaont as a Binull toltou at thoir' reKard fop him. , Thoifletvico ho had rendorod thoin wau Ml the greater, as he hod to 'ootno out to Gonforth to lnotruot them. Ho ro grottcd vory muoW that hiB hurried doparturo from ; ' the dlotrlot provoHted him frpin iiartaking of thoir haBpitality. Howuvor, thriy (islced hie ^ceepturico of that (?if6 «s fin oxproesiod 'of thoir lovo and eafccemt nnd biddinR him laro.woll, they hoped ho would bo lotig oparnd to fulfil hiB calling. Mr. Uoiuntnrd lludooii .said thqy woro all vory ntirrv at Mr. Hloo'u dopatUir/?. : Ah a miuiBtnr of tlio iroupol and as » Hiticeio friend, ho Had maau Jiiinaoir woll ljltod. . Ho hadoomo RmouB8fc thoin nn a atrancor, but in parting with him thuy all rolt; tboy wore parting from one Who had wrnvod him sotf a leader and a brntbur. On.bt.hiilf of tho piirlshiounrn of ,Go«forth bo wished Mr. Biccfaro i v/ull and Qotl-tipontl. ' , . Mr 13'ea said tho proBOitUtlrtn took him bo muoli by aurprino, t.htit ho djd nor. know what to say. ' , Jj(l wonld llkn to be Bllonh Ho waa muoh moved nt Uio kind wordn adiirosmod to him by Hiobo pro nout. Thoy \\\uft beun a happy family hero m Goh forth, and ho waa coi-ry tho Hovoraiico baaoomD.nnd tlmt it had oomo oo oiuldunly thfib ho could not par lakoof thoir hoHpitnllty Suai. miKbt yob divide them, but bo would take thin iiriinunt an a momvnto of tho ploaoant tinio tlioy lmci apt-nt toni-fchur. It oainod him ijioaLly to loavo l.hoin ultoeothor. but it S?uld not bo holpptl, and in thanking thorn all, bit wiehod thorn UoU-nptod. 