T H E H A U N T E D M O U N T A I N S - OR. COLONEL. CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. CHAPTER L1X-—ONE UNFINISHED MISSION. by colonel ntEvriss ixgkam, Author of the "Mysterious Man in Bine." &c.; •Tou are seriously. If not fatally -wounded, I deem -it my auty to tell you; but I w ill do all Iii my power to save you." So said the one who had fired Uie shot at the Hermit, and v.-ho was in the weird masquerade of a. spectre horseman. "At first the bullet; seemed to have cut through my body. I grew faint, and it seemed that I had but a few moments to live. But then I rallied when you came, and "though I am suffering: I fed stronger, and the wound may not Jje fatal," replied the Hermit. - The "ghost," as I will call him, had removed the Hermit to his cabin and placed him upon the bed of skins and blankets he found there. Then he had thrown •pen the heavy buckskin coat and woollen shirt, and discovered the wound just over the right shoulder. "I saw that you intended to fire again, and so aimed to wound you in ihfe right arm; but I see the bullet has passed through the flesh of your arm. grazing the bone, and entered here beneath your shoulder, and I think has not gone very deep. I know very little about surgery, but can dress your wounds, and help you while you have to lie up." "Who are you?" "Call me Ghost, for just now I am going in the guise of one." "You doubtless frighten many Indians, scouts, and even soldiers, but I do not fear phantoms." "You must have a good conscience." "I have wronged no man or woman, but I have lived of late years for one purpose." "And may I ask what that is?" "To kill a man." "Come, you must not excite yourself, for, remember, you are to get iveli." "I sought to kill you^>ecause I supposed you were the tool of that man.'" "Who?" "The Monarch of the Mountains." "I am the tool of no man, though I may appear so." "And yet you serve that man." "That may appear so, too." "I could have killed him, as I said* many times; but that would not do, for "be would have died with a secret on his lips that I must know. So I have spared him, hoping* to track liim; but he has always eluded me, though he did not even know I was upon his trail. But here I am idling to you. for some reason I cannot understand, just what I would not have him know, yet you- do •not know me, do you?" "I do not" "1 have not told you mv name." ' "No." "Tou could not tell him who I am?" "No; and would not if I could." "Then he would not guess, even if you told him yon found an old hermit hunter living in the mountains who said he ł-as his foe ; for he has so many, you know — so many men who would Idll him could tliey^ do so, could they ®nly find him; and besides there is a rope vaiting for his neck. "But I must first see him face to face, first learn the secret which he alone can tell, ere he dies; and, do you know, I believe in a just retribution, and that be will die by the hand of one he has cruelly wronged, if not by mine. But you will not tell him all this, will you?" *1 will not." "Do you know who he is?" "I know him only as .the Monarch of the Mountains, but I suspect that he is a fugitive from justice, a crime-haunted nan, and that he has an evil aim in life, even though he dwells in the mountains—in fact, I know that he has." The Hermit would have again spoken, but the Ghost had dressed his wounds and said : "Tou must keep quiet now. I will remain to-night, and then come daily to see-you, either I or one other." "The Monarch?" gasped the wounded man. "Ob, no; he shall not know of your existence,"! refer to one who will care for you even more tenderly than I can. >"ow I will see to the comfort of my Horse, for it is growing late, and then tome back and cook some supper, after which I will turn in for the night, for I -have had a long ride to-day, and only -turned off my trail to track you." "I will obey you," the Hermit said ; "for I -wish to get welL My mission on earth is not yet finished." CHAPTER LX.—A NIGHT IN THE HEHMIT'S CABIN. The "Ghost" had. looked -well to the . -comfort of his horse, then piled up wood 1 on the fiie, causing a genial warmth to pervade the half cabin, half cavern home •of the Hermit. He cooked a good supper, for he found that the lonely man • fcad a wen filled larder. After giving his patient something tj> eat. though he fed him sparingly, the Ghost spread his own blankets before the • fire and turned in for the night, ready to respond to the slightest call of the •wounded man. \- Lying with wide open eyes, for he did not seek to at once go to sleep, he took in his surroundings by the bright firelight. He saw that the cabin, or log part of the little bouse, had been built over the mouth of the cavern and joined to the cliff with rocks and clay, so as to make it dose and keep out the cojd. The logs had been all harm out -with an axe, whilst the window shutters on : either side and the door were of thick split timber. The roof was of logs, but did not leak, and it was altogether snug home even in the bitter weaJther that had lately visited that region. The bed of the Hermit was a rude cot one corner, and on the. wall above it hung a repeating rifle, a double-bar relied shot-gun, a caValry Teaxbine, and z. musket. There w-ere half a dozen revolvers, too, as well as knives and bows and arrows. The rocky floor in front óf the bed was ćarpeted.by the skra of an enormous grizzly bear, and other souvenirs of the Hermit's prowess as a hunter were seen >h all sides. The cavern was used as a store-room, end, penetrating the cliff some twenty • feet, Tras about twelve ieet.to TsjdtS and . „-eight in height. A saddle and ' taidle fctmg there, and there were a number of ;' arar-boimets and Indian costumes. \- Such was {he home of the strange man •whodwelt "kill alanei and who had -said \- that he had a mission <to perform-TJefore Jie died. ,. t.. Until his <yes closed Snslnmberłhe -' -Ghostgny.ed ahout.hiin, ahdtehen "he awoke the lire low and "4116. . srey of 'dawnS.fm^i^&ning; . through "Se arosĄm^i^^^^i^jiced towarils jatósSe^i^Sffli^-e.jmŚsbt bave- aaietly ••:/;-.'. \- . -ViNo.-'i am not. dead; fcut the ,3wounjl jjĘtai^l-gsęjj.;'*-:,;•-..;,'• : • > -.j^ n r l l i H i f S i S i l : ^ ! ? ^ . Ne wounded man Ępeak. and be hastily said: "I will dress it for yon, and then you will feel better. I was so tired I did not move all night" "I slept also untą after midnight, and would not disturb you as you seemed to need rest. You have removed the' hideous death mask you wore last night, : and somehow your face seems familiar to me." " I ' The man started, stepped o«ickly to his blankets, and picking- lip his mask 1 replaced it. - Then he threw wood on the fire, and opening ^the door, passed out, bucket in hand, to get fresh water nt the spring he had visited the night' before. ' He fed the horse while he was out, and watered him, havingja bag of oats which he carried with him, and returning to the cabin, cooked breakfast as soon as he had dressed the. wounded arm and shoulder of the Hermit. He saw that his patient was slightly feverish, and fearing inflammation would set in. he said: I am going to-day to see if I can get a person to aid you who will be far more useful than I am. It looks as though we were going to have another storm ; but do not fear on that account, for I know ihess mountains well, and my horse is never at fault, so I ^will be back by night at furthest." "Tou say yon will bring some one to this place?" "Yes." "There are but three dwellers in these mountains that I have ever seen, save myself, and the redskins seldom come here from the lower range." "Who are the dwellers to whom you refer?" "The man calling himself the Monarch of the Mountains, a young girl whom I have seen on several occasions, and you —wlio have been playing the part of a ghost for some reason best known yourself." "We three are all, and the person would have come back with me to care for you is the young girl of whom you spoke." "But I know her to be the ally of the man I hope to bring to the gallows." "Whatever she may be to him, let me tell you that she is at heart my ally," was the firm response of the Ghost. CHAPTER LXX—A PAGE OF THE PAST." The Hermit looked fixedly at the masked face of the man who chose to be" known simply by the name Ghost, and said: "Is that girl your friend?" "She is." "What is she to the Monarch of the Mountains?" "She is nothing to him." "She calls him father." "Tou know tliis?" "Tes." , "How do you know it?" "I have been within the hearing of the voice when she has done so." "Well, granted; but I repeat that the man is nothing to her." "What is she to you?" "One whom I would serve." "How serve her in these wild mountains?" "By taking her from them - when the time comes for me to do so," "Ah, again I have confidence in you. But what are you to the Monarch of the Mountains?" "Nothing." . "Tou know him well?" "Far better, than he thinks." The Hermit said no more just then, but as the Ghost pa.me to him when ready to start, he asked: "Will you unmask your face?" The Ghost at once did so. Long did the Hermit gaze into the countenance thus revealed, as thftugh he would read it thoroughly. Then he said: "Again I tell you that I will trust you, for one with that face cannot be «vtt. Throw off that shroud that you wear and your toque, for I wish to talk to you." '"Why not when I return?" "It may be too late then.", "Why too late?" 'T do not believe the wound you gave me is fatal; but I suffer from It, and it may be. Should aught happen to me you would not know the truth, and I wish you to do so." "I can now understand why you -would have me wait, and though I believe and hope yon will come round all right, still it may be as you say, and I will gladly hear all that you wish to say to me." "God bless you, boy—for yon are a boy to me, as I have passed the half-cen tury. post, and you cannot be over thirty." "I am not so old—only twenty-four." "Then {here has been that in your life to age you. But I ląust not delay you, or trifle with time, as far as I am concerned, so I will tell you my story." "Oniy thait I may serve you in case of need." "Tes; but listen well to all I have to say. "When I -was younger than you are, I had a happy home and loving parents, though we were poor, for reverses had come upon my father. In the town where we lived was 'a young gill, our physician's daughter, and her beauty of face and form -won the hearts of all the beans, and I fell madly in love with her. "She returned my love and we were engaged, she refusing some brilliant oilers to accept mine. Among my.rivals -was a young man whose father was very wealthy, and who was looked upon as the catch of the place, though he was very fast Finding that he could not, false report, turn my sweetheart against me, he suddenly because my friend, for she had then told me nothing of all he had said about me. " Soon before the day appointed for our marriage I -was attacked by two tramps one night, shot, robbed, and left for dead. But I -was found soon after and carried home, .where I lay for weds , between -life and death. \- "As soon as 1 got well enough to be up, the doctor told me I must go away for a change, and my devoted nurse through all quietly married me and went with roe. - "Recovering np health, I obtained a position as cashier in the town bank, and all went well for years. Two children-w^re born to us—a son and daughter—and it seemed that my ciip of happiness Was full -in the halt a dozen years I had been married. "But I endorsed a note for a friend—tins same old-time rival who had afterwards been most friendly with me. He had been away from home for years, no one knew -where, and coming home, had entered into business, and I endorsed his paper, and he, again taking to gambling, as in his earlier years, lost all and ruined roe. ••.-" "The-night before the crash came the bank of - Which I mas cashier-was broken into.-the watchman" killed; sind the sale robbed. "Then passed several days of ang-uisfc to me. It was discovered that I was ruined, suspicion fastened upon me, and, to hasten with my stojT, i was arrested,' circumstantial evidence condemned me, and at the 'trial -which followed I was found guilty of murder sad jobbery, and sentenced to die on tho-Iteallows." ' chime.- STOBY OF p g W early mastere® him, *eswnea his narative. T was sentenced to be hanged, and but for my noble wife I should Lave died on the gallows. "Her father killed the day I was sentenced by being thrown from hishorse, and it was found that he had left her a snug fortune in bank deposits. This she determined to use in my behalf: so that She left home with our children, and going to Mexico/purchased a little borne there. ^'Leaving her children in good hands, armed with ample funds, and in disguise. she returned to the town where I was in prison awaiting my day of doom, and a few hundred dollars properly distributed opened the way for my escape. "Her plans had been most cleverly formed. and in a thorough disguise I fled with her to the West, and then down into Mexico. We lived there for several years, and I made money; but one day I met a man from our old' home, and I feared being shadowed, so we sold out— for our property had become valuable— and went to South America. "From there we visited Europe, dwelling in France and Germany for a few years, our children all the -while growing more bright and clever ; in fact, they were regarded as prodigies, as they had learned several laneruaRes fluently, were good musicians, and promised to be the joy of our lives. "But we longed for our own land, and after a while decided to risk all and return. We came back by way of Can Francisco. - I -bought a farm on the' • border of. the Indian country, and we expected to live and die there in our happy home, for I bad changed my name and had changed greatly in appearance in the twelve years that had gone by since my flight. "But, alas ! a couple of years after my sojourn there the Indians, that had often been troublesome, swept down upon my happy home, and my loving wife was shot down before my eyes; my children borne off into captivity by the Indians, and I was wounded and left for dead. "But again I, recovered, and, going to an army cost to get aid to rescue my Children, I was recognised, arrested as an escaped murderer, carried back to my I old town, and once more the shadow of the gallows was upon me. But again I made my escape, this time by the aid of a friend who had never believed me guilty, and I sailed from Boston in a vessel bound for China. "It was some years before 'l again visited America, and I made my way to the West. Civilisation was pushing the Indians'and lawlessness further towards the setting sun, and I followed in the hope of finding my captured children. "One night, in a frontier fortel was called upon to hear the dying confession of a soldier, as a witness. The -soldier had been a hard character—had attempted to kill a young officer by the name of Hugh Seaford, and had been shot by him. Finding he was dying, the man wished to make a confession. . "Imagłne,my young friend, my astonishment when I heard a confession of wrong to me. That dying man had been the hireling of my old rival and supposed friend. Prince Ashton. I heard Wm confess how he and Prince Ashton had played tramps and shot me down and robbed me, leaving me for dead. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had planned to rob the bank and have me' accused, and had arranged the plot to prove me guilty. They had murdered the watchman, and I was the sufferer. "I heard him confess how they had tracked me to Mexico, he being the """ I had seen there, yet did not dream had been my foe. I escaped Hi^n^n^ years after he had recognised my -wife in a frontier village, had tracked her home, and the Indian raid had followed; for he was a spy for Prince Ashton, who was a renegade chief among the redskins. He also told how Prince Ashton had carried my children into captivity, and both my son and daughter had escaped from him, but what had become of them he did not know. '-That was all he confessed, except to say that Ashton was a renegade chief and dwelt in these mountains. Then I made myself known by my true name, and the dying man recognised me. Armed -with his confession and letters from the commandant I went Bast, and had the stain of robbery and murder removed from my name. This done, I came to "hunt down Prince Ashton." (To be continued.) 