the ghost in armour. A CHRISTMAS STORY. by billy notts. What may this mean, That thou, dead corse, again in Revistest thus the glimpses of the moon, ; Making night hideous ? — shakespeabe. How odd a single hobgoblin's nonentity Should cause more fear than a whole host s t/lenfif.V . — Btbon. Tia rri,naf. — l.Vip. ghost a<iain ! Dickens. (CONTINUED.) I had hardly concluded my breakfast next morning when I heard the rattle of wheels and a resounding "Coo-ee, and hurrying to the porch I found Frank just in the act of dismounting from a smart dog cart. " Here you are, old man, he exclaimed as he shook hands heartily; "look alive and bring your swag along and we'll be home again in a brace of shakes. I was not long in bringing out and stow ing away my modest impedimenta, and taking my seat beside my old mate, we shouted a good bye to the jolly landlord who stood bowing on the step 'and dashed off at a smart pace through the village, the cottagers running to their doors and re plying to Frank's cheery hails with answer ing rustic salutations. We soon left the street and struck into the country again, speeding quickly up the rise until near its summit when we turned to the left, and entering the lodge gates, whose pillars wava surmounted bv two fierce nondes- cript animals in stone supporting shields which at one time doubtless bore some heraldic device now obliterated by the hand of Time, and cantering along an avenue of elms drew up in an open space in front of an extensive building. A groom came running up and as a servant carried off my luggage, went off with the vehicle, leaving us standing there. " Now then, Billy " said Frank, with an expressive sweep of his arm " there you are, welcome to my ancestral hall. What do you think of it ! Rather different to the old diggings, eh ! " " My word I yes. I should, think so, I exclaimed, "It's just the sort of place I've read about." " The stately homes of England, how beautiful they stand" ct cetera and so forth. Allow me to con gratulate you, and excuse me while I take a good look at it." The building to which we stood opposite was in . most of its features like many more to be found in the English counties, built in the Elizabethan style, with an extens ve facade of red and white bricks set in fantastic patterns, rows of project ing windows with stone mullioas and filled with diamond shaped panes of glass, a steep roof from which jutted several quaint little dormer casements, and sur mounted with sundry chimney stacks which ended in chimney pots twisted like a corkscrew. A broad terrace with a stone balustrade ran the whole length of the front to which the ascent was by a stair, also guarded by the heraldic mon sters already mentioned. This compara tively modern mansion was connected with a more ancient building on the left which consisted of what appeared to be a castle wall with deep embrasures at some height from the ground, and ending on the extreme left in a high square tower of rough masonry. This structure though evidently very ancient, as could be seen by the ivy which had fastened around it, was still in good condition and yet strong enough to defy an attack from anything but artillery. At its base was a steep flight of narrow sloue steps leading to an= equally narrow doorway about ten feet from the ground, and the walls were pierced with mere slits of windows, from which in ancient times the defenders had rained a rows, boiling water, melted lead and such like polite attentions upon the assailants who stormed the narrow stairway. But the doorway had long been blocked up with solid masonry and no grim visages peered through the open ings0 above. "This was evidently all that rTM- mrc or an aiiuient stronghold, but in the transitionary state from chronic civil, "war to more peaceful and secure times in the Middle Ages, the builder of the later date residence had prudently joined it on as a retuge in case of a recurrence of troublous times. r was thus ruminating, when I was roused from my abstractiou by a voice demanding " Well, old man, when you've taken it all in, perhaps you'll give me your opinion " I turned rouud and looked at Frank, who was lying at his ease on a convenient garden seat, with his long legs luxuriously stretched out, his arms behind his head and puffing away at his pipe. " My opinion is " I replied," that you've dropped into a jolly good thing.. But its rather a queer arrangement. Sort" of a composite concern it seems to me." "Just so, you're right as usual," said Frank,- ".sit down aud I'll tell you all about it," and so saying he swung his legs to the grouud and motioned me to take a seat beside him. Then I also haying lighted my pipe, I listened to his story. "It was this way, Billy" he began, " the founder of o-ir house, who of course came over with William the Norman and his riff-raff of Continental vagabonds, dis tinguished himself in some way, and was rewarded with an extensive grant of land hereabouts. Like the rest of his com panions he at once set to work and put up a castle to overawe the surrounding country, and as you may see it was built on the most approved system of defence in vogue at that time. Of course it was on a far more extensive scale at that time and no doubt was once a very formidable fortress, but as time went on and the methods of attack improved, particularly when gunpowder was invented, its de fensive powers were not so good as before. However things went on as they usually did in those times, sometimes my ances- ters sallied out and harried another noble man's lands, killed his vassals, carried oft his cattle, and if strong enough stormed and sacked a town on the way back ; in fact I am afraid they could only be looked upon as mediieval bushrangers. On the other hand sometimes a neighboring baron would pay my ancestors an unex pected visit and raise Satan on their property, finishing up with a call at their stronghold and making things lively in a general way. Well, this sort of fun went on while there was nothing else mov ing, just to keep their hands in, I suppose, until the king decided to wake up his brother of France, and then, as in duty bound, each feudal lord collected his vassals, and they all cleared off to plunder the Frenchmen, iustead of their own countrymen, who no doubt looked upon it as a good riddance, and hoped the best part of them would never return. When there was no particular quarrel between the two countries, it was not uncommon for a nobleman who had run through his inheritance and wished to repair his for tunes to make a collection of any dis banded soldiers and other rascals he could prevail upon to join his banner, and start for the continent to take service under any foreign prince who had need of a few hundred cut-throats, or in default of that make war on his account. Free Com panions was the name they went by, and I expect they were generally more free than welcome. Among these adventurous characters, according to our annals, there was none more reckless or determined than Sir Guy Heatherdale, who was known among his troop of military rapscallions as "The Shaver," for wherever he and his followers passed they made a clean sweep. This noble gentleman was for some time with the Black Prince in the South of Frauce, and followed his army into Spain, but afterwards set up on His own account, and after some years of highway robbery on a wholesale scale returned to England with a sadly reduced crowd of followers, but with a very com fortable amount of plunder. By all ac counts he was a most irreligious and dissi pated vagabond, and the stories they yet tell about him here would make vour h-ij, stand on end. It is said that lie' hooted that he cared for no one on earth or heaven, and refused to pay his feiij obligations to the king, even standhi'r a ; siege of the royal forces and beating thim off. He kept up high revel in the old castle, and everyone was welcome, udi flr poor, so long as they could drink h ud, |)ut he never would admit a priest of my 11)( but set his dogs upon them and dn-Ve ' them away. There is no doubt lie ls t bad lot, about as bad as could be, but he was a first rate fighter, and as tar as I c-m make out he got knocked on the he id m some raid he made on a neighbor ui the next county, and no one was \erj much r concerned about it. 1 liat towei th it jou t > seemed to take such an interest in nfiw his favorite retreat. It was theie, it 1;, > 'J said, that he stored all his plunder, mi fr/ from its summit he used to look foit i to watch for the approach of auy foe, or for a chance to sally out upon auy oonip iny k-Sj of merchants. What became of his body Wf no one knows or cares, bul he h is left something behind him in the sh ipe of a i-Sk complete suit of plate armour, which is =7"' hung up in one of the rooms in the tower The curious thing about this is that though his body was never found -the / common people said 'Old Niek' hid - looked after that — his spirit was siulto u revisit his old fortress every year about - Christmas time to put on the suit of Sv armour and stalk about the pissige of ' the old ruin. I suppose just to see how things are going on, though for the life of lK!S me I cannot see the sense of it " r " Anddoyoumeantosay "Iinteirupted" that this ridiculous legend still survives and that the people about here still believe in it." I& " I most certainly do " he replied " you ' ; will find it very much alive yet, and my (©£ forefathers have found such a superstition very useful to them as f will show you pi-- before long. ' But it is rather cold work sitting here. Come in and lei 's m ike our t > selves comfortable, and you'll hear more N? about it in a day or two." As he said, itivas rathertoo chilly for out- ?-'-: door conversation, so we repaired to th» p? hall and were soon snugly ensconced in his private room before a good lire, and =" aftcr some exchange of colonial experi- !' ences, he carried me off to his ditsiv room, and as he said "managed to '':- make me look something like a decent member of society." ?. (To he continued. ) i: 