DREAMS THAT CAME TRUE. BOW XUBDBRXBS WXBB TRACKED. Strange u it mar appear, it is nevertheless a fact that in the pelt dreams, signa, and portents played no inconsider able pait in oar law contte, and the report! [ of tho eiitoenth and seventeenth eenturiea are brimfal of referenoea thereto. In con nection with dreamt, perhaps one of the most remarkable Male, oertainly of later (lays, wee that In eonneotiou with the slay ing of Maria Martin, or the murder of the Bed Bern, in which the murderer wet 31a ooreted wholly end solely through the means of information gained through a dream. The victim of the murder was the daughter of a mole catcher, who possessed far more beauty and education than yonng women of her class. Needless to say the wot the cause of mueh jealousy, and among her lovers was a rich yonng manm named John ('order, by whom she was seduced and then abandoned. In turn, William Corder, John's brother, appeared upon the aoena, arid under promise of marriage Maria was again betrayed j and afterwards finding thfc she waa to become s mother, she prayed her betrayer to carry out his promise. This, however, was not to the taste of William Ooider. who, under promise of e secret marriage, made arrangements with the girl to meat him at a red barn on hie motheiVfarm. whence they would leave for e neighbouring town and get married. The girl met him ae arranged, when he ebot end buried bar beneath the flooring of the barn. William Corder than disappeared, ami ramming after a few days, told Mr. rind Mrs. Martin that the marriage had taken place, and that their daughter wae living at Ipewioh. Some months elapsed, the barn wherein the body was buried was filled with oorn, and as no tidings came from the young woman, Uoirder gave as a reason that she had hurt her right hand, and therefore oould not write to her parents, shortly after whioh Corder left the neighbourhood. Some time later, Mrs. Martin dreamed that her daughter had been murdered by Corder and buried in the bam, and ao frequently was the dream re peated that in the end the woman per suaded her husband to get the grain re moved, and to dig at the spot indioated in the dream, whioh he did, when the body was immediately discovered and indenti fied. Suspicion naturally pointing to Cor der, he was- traced to London, where he was found merried to a schoolmistress, on whoss earnings he was living. He was arrested, found guilty, and duly executed, the meting out of justice in this instance being entirely due to a dream, DREAM EVIDENCE Harking back somewhat we find that in 1781 an Irish murderer'was convicted largely upon dream evidence. One Rogers, a Waterford publioan, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of a neighbour ing mountain. On the following day he desorlbed both men he had seen in his dfaara with perfect accuracy, which he did to many of his companions. One of the men wae exceptionally strong ; the other, who oommitted the crime, was weak and email. Rogers at length prevailed upon the parish priest to accompany him to the spot, whioh was easily found, but which bore no traoes of a death struggle. On the follow ing day, however, two men entered the publichouse whose appearance tallied exaotly with those in the dream vision When they rose to leave Rogers begged tbe one whom he expeoted to be murdered to remain, but unavailingly. After the man hud left he nearly fainted from fright, and in the and persuaded a neighbour to ac company him to the green spot on the bill, where, sure enough, the tragedy of the dream bad been enacted io teal life. The murderer wae bracked and captured and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His desoription of his dream eras so vivid that the prisoner immediately ac knowledged bis guilt, and stated that he killed hie companion with eight stabs, ex aotly ws pictured in the dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, a woman named Kraeme made application to a local judge to be eworn, as she had some information to impart relating to a murder oommitted in a remote village io Russia, many days' journey from ber German domi cile, Her story ran thus Ten years be fore her only son left home. She heard nothing of him, and had no idea at all where he was living until the night before, when his epiritappeared to her and told her what she now hastened to relate. The revelation was that after leaving home the young roan had wandered about Europe till he had finally found work in the village of Klaf in Russia., Hero be had fallen in love with a earfe daughter who had a Russian bean. On the preoeding night this latter had inveigled the young Teuton into the country, where he had stabbed him, and then conoeated the body in a cave oB the highway. The Judge was so impressed with the description that he forwarded it to a notary in Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraeme had been missed, and ou receipt of the dream story the polioe searched for the cave, found it exactly located as described, and also found the body with a wound corresponding with that detailed in ^he vision. The murderer waa &t; once arrested, and the widow Kraeme undertook the long journey to Avenge her son's death. Her recital in court was vivid in the extreme, end she screamed with fright whim she first saw the prisoner, whom she picked pnt from e crowd'ofmen ioa dimly lighted cell She also identified the woman who was the cause of the trouble. . INDIAN VISIONS. Touching heunted houses. We may re call an incident familiar enough at ha be ginning of the century,,when "The Memoirs" of a Thug " was in everybody's hands, but remembered by few probably at this date. Major General Sleeman, captain at that time, wis travailing up country with hie wife. He encamped in a pretty grove of mangos near Sanger. _ At mid wight Mrs. Sleeman awoke screaming. In a dream die saw eoores of naked corpses rise from the earth at tbe bedside. Her husband calmed her, and she slept again ; but the dream returned and so painfully was die agitated that it became necessary toetrike the camp a . little idler midnight, Captain Sleeman reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then directing his famous campaign against tbe Thugs. He questioned one of the appro vers,who recog nised, the description of the . mango tope near Saogor, at once Several victims had been buried there. Taylor had the ground dug, and they turned up. If we remember rightly, the bones of eerenteen persona. ' This-is one of the beet ghost etoriee extant, J because indubitably authentic. At the same time it ie easily explained. Mrs. , Bleenwn had been bearing the frightful evidence published from day to day at that time, when the Thugs had just been discovered. She knew that tbey habitually buried their victims in groves, and that night the ehaooef to be-in the nervous con dition when waking thoughts take shape as dreams. The famous regiment once known ae the 74th Highlanders hss a legend handed down ,/or three generations at least, A captain, whose name escapee us, was writ ing in bis tent at Sholapore, when • young soldier in hospital garb entered. " Please, sir, I with to have my arrears sent to my mother. Will you kindly take down the address f The officer did 'id without thinking : when he looked up the visitor was gone. Then it etruck faim that this ■ was very irregular. He called the ser geant, who informed him that the young man in question htd died in hospital the day before, leaving an unusual sum of money, and that the address of his friends oould not be discovered. It is alleged tbat a report of these' facts, dMwn up there and then, still exists.. ■ ■ . - 1 