It is to bo feared, judging by the fierce outburst of resentmunt evoked in some qunrtors by tho recent address of tho Bishop of Baliarat to tho clergy, in which ho condemned tho shortcomings of the inhabitants of theBO colonies, that Austral ians are not likoly to cam repute as being capablo of " taking their gruel " kindly. At the gathering in question Bishop Thornton uttered what were substantially unpalatable truths, in that Australians do not keep so strictly to tho paths of recti tude as could be desired. It is scarcely a matter for surpriso that, to n people used to flattery to such an unwholesome extent as are tho inhabitants of these colonics, anything outspokon is not tncokly ac cepted. They have for so many years been taught to believe that they are the best-living under the sun, that they do not like to hear anybody, bo ho bishop or priest, parson or layman, declare thore is room for improvement. Consequently, as bofortt remarked, tho outburst of in dignation against Dr Thornton is decidedly pronounced. The Australian Natives' Association is up in arms, and several public men in Victoria have entered upon elabor&to; expressions to show that the Bishop is in tho wrong. Amongst other measures taken to refuto him, one, of the Melbourne papers has hurriedly snatched up its hat and packed off to the Govern ment Statist, beseeching a few figures with which tho anguished hearts of its readers might bo comforted, showing tho amount of crime in the colony as compared with other countries, also as to whether offences are on the increase or decrease. Tho pother that has boon created, to our mind, is wholly improper, because, in tho first place, everybody knows, and feels, that the Victorian bishop's romarks were mado, not in nngor, but morp in a spirit of affection than anything olse ; and, in . thu second place, becauso, being meant in a kindly way to draw people from pet weaknesseawniclualthougnsorious enough, do not come under the category of crime, tho right reverend gentleman's words need not be accepted too literally. No penchant for wanton fault-finding appears to have movod him. For our own part, so rejoiced are wo to hear a public man having tho.courago to' openly condomn what ho believes to bo wrong— a rare characteristic in these degenerate days, — that wo aro willing to allow Bishop Thornton, or any othor man who will lift up his voico regardless of consequonces, a considerable margin for innocent exagger ation. A similar view to this, wo are glad to notice, is held by tho Bishop of Tas mania, when writing on the subjeot, but that gontloman makes a mistake in suggesting that statistics be procured to show whether or not Dr Thornton is right. Statistics prove littlo or nothing in this connection. Tho Melbourne newspaper already mentioned published some, but their procuration only shows that the position taken up by tho Bishop of Bal- larat is to a great extent misunderstood. The subject is not one for hard cold- drawn figures. As a matter of faot, tho statistics published do not show that the oriminal record of Victoria is worse than that of any othor country. Then Dr Salmon, M.L.A., and Mr Purves Q.O., as members of tho Australian Natives' Association, fly to tho public platform to defend Australians fromtho aspersions cast upon thom. But this action is of second ary importance, because they simply en deavor to curry favor with the members of the association for political reasons. Still, it may be said that their vehement eloquence iB so much waste of offort, for Dr Thornton did not make any attack, per se, on Australians. Ho only, in a forcible manner, drew tho attention of his clergy to the iiucossity for greater and sustained effort on their part, in combat ting popular vices in tho community, nnd Heaven knows tho Church of EngUnd clergy in that colony need Btirring up. As already remarked, statistical informa tion does not apply in tho present case, but Mr Purvea is unwise enough to insist upon its Introduction,— to his own die- oomflturo. Ho points, with a gtow of Erido, to tho fow cases of drunkenness rought before the polioo courts in Mol- bourno during Cup weeks, but carefully omita to mention that, so' accurate aro Bishop Thornton's strictures as to tho low moral tono of society, that ono reason why so few "drunks" appear in the courts is that it is looked upon by tho authorities as so trivial an affair for n man to deliberately make a beast of himself during that period that urrcsts aro made only in vory groBs in stances, and that another reason for a low police court record is that constables have instructions to arrest only the very worst offenders of any kind, because if they did othorwise the watoh- houses would soon be full to overflowing. What is tiio use of appealing to statistics when such a result is shown ? In that instance tlioy have no bearing on what the Bishop condemns. Neither do statistics show all the embezzlement and till-pilfer- ng that ocour in connection with tho race wook, and tho homos ruined by tho bet ting ourse— not hotting ovontuating from genuine interest taken in what should bo a noble sport, but in an absolutely gam bling spirit nor is official account taken. of tho numbors of suicides nnd othor domestic misorios arising out of this gambling. They exist nil tho samo though, nnd their oxistonco justifios tho Bishop'scondeinnation. Why, Mr Purves himself iH living proof of tho prpprioty of Dr Thornton's position. It is moan and cowardly, a contemptible vice, for lawyers to tako advantage of tho con fession of a norvouB witness and frighten him or hor with a vtow to 'win a case ; iiovortholoss, tho practico is indulged in, as Mr Purves knows to his own personal nninful oxoerienco, when chastised! for it in tho street by one of his victims. But thoro is no law to qhcck tho vice, conse quently no official record of it is found. Thodoprossod tono of pubfio morality that pormita euoh, ornnythinglikoit,ispro8um- nbly ono Australian characteristic the pro- latodoprocntus. Fortunately, farwoightior mou in tho sister colony than oither Mr Purves or Dr Salmon strongly uphold tho correctness of tho Baliarat strictures, as also do tho froquont vigorous romarks of lata made by tho Chiof Justico, whon presiding ovorDivorco Court proceedings. Australians, wo opine, will do well to gtvo oar, regarding matters portaining to national morality, to a liberal, sincere, high-minded onurohman liko Bishop Thornton, rather than to superficial folks of tho Salmon or Purves typo. The following is tho weathor forecast for to-day : — Although fino, rain, with strong northorly and W.N.W. winds in squalls, is approaohtng, followed by rain, and rough son, around tho cn&sb; of Tas mania gonerally. Summer weathor now seems to bo upon us. Sunday and yesterday wore quito warm, espeoially the latter. During the day, nowovor, tho baromotor was stecdily falling, and what little wind thoro was came from tho oast, accompanied by a considerable swoll, so that prosont fine weathor conditions may not bo oxpocted to last. Tho past two days (writes our Sheffield correspondent) have been tho hottost wo havo nad for Bomo time, yesterday being exceptionally so, and as it has changed so suddenly from cold, it is being felt all tho more. Yostorday afternoon thoro wore indications of a cliango, as tho air was vory close. At Ust (writes our Boulah corres pondent) tho woathor BsemB to have takon a change for tho hotter, tho last few days hAving beon a decided improvement on thoso of the last fow weoks. Farmers are now busy scarifying potatoes, which aro looking vory woll this season. Shearing operations are also being carriod on, now mme more iavoraoio woatnor prevails. ' Tho weathor has boon rathor bettor this wook (writos our Kindred correspondent), tho rain not having put in an Appearance, except on Tuosday morning, in light showers. Othorwise it hns beon fino, but with plenty of wind, which has beon blow ing from the westward for a considerable time. Tho wheat seems to have stood tho wet vory woll, tho rust being on the flag only slightly ; but tho early oats nro going off considerably. Tho potato crops look splendid, nnd farmers aro pushing on with their hoeing whilst it is fine. Kl last tho weather seems to havo cleared .up (writos our Ulvorstono corres pondent), for wo havo had several bright warm days; in faot, tho first taste of summor. Everyone is rojoicing, and haymaking will Boon commence. Sum mer visitors havo begun to arrivo, and thoro aro no empty houses in tho town. Tho following are the receipts at the local Customs office for tho week ending Saturday Duties : Miscellaneous, £1 19s Od ; spirits, £7 3s Id ; tobacco, £67 16s ; other goods, £180 2s 2d ; total, £201 Is 3d. Bond charges : Samples and re-packs, 4s ; rents, 2s 2d ; recoiving charges, Is ; total, 6s 2d. Marine Board charges : Wharfage, £22 'l6s Od ; light duos, £42 12s Od ; pilotago, £13 Ios Od ; harbor dues, £20 18s ; total, £100 Is 9d ; grand total, £303 7s 8d. Tho grand total for the coaresponding week of lost year was £200 4s 9d. We loarn that other distinguished visit ors from Victoria aro to bo amongst us during tho coming summor, in tho persons of tfho Hon Simon FrAsor, M.L.O., of Victoria, and his family, who havo en- figed accommodation in Wost Devonport. he gontlemAn in question has been a member of tho Victorian Parliament, continuously, tor over thirty yoars. Tho last fow days of warm weathor are having their enjoyablenoss detracted from by the impetus given to foul smolls from street drains, especially from covered ones. The effluvium from tho latter is almost intolerable. It looks as if, whon tho opidemio of influenza and bronohitis disappears with tho cessation of damp and cold, giving place to summer warmth and dryness, typhoid and other trifles of that oraer may supervene. Mr Fiold, tho well-known produce merchant and broker, of Devonport, who recently returned from a visit to tho mainland, has evidently, although on pleasure bent, been keeping his " weather eye " open, in view of contingencies in connection with tho approaching season. Ho has visited tho throe capitals — Adelaide, Melbourno, and Sydnoy. He noticed that potatoes from tho Clarence River district wero entering Sydney frooly, much moro so than in former years, the quality, shape, and flavor being good. Tho influx generally stops about tho middle of January. In the lato dis- tricts of New South Wales thero was a good quantity, in spite of the high price which had prevailed for seed, but the growers there appear to havo put in moro of their own seed than of Tasmanian. If they follow that course for two 'or three seasons the potatoes will run out, the product, without cbango of seed, being unable to stand tho. heat. In the Darling Downs, Queensland, thore would have been a largo output of potatoes this sea son but for the drought. Lately a fall of O'fiOin of rAin has taken place, but that will not materially aid tho crop, a conse quence of which will probably be a largo draw upon Tasmanian supplies. Mr Field could not obtain any reliablo in formation as to the Victoriftn crop, the accounts being so contradictory, but in South Australia ho found thero were somo good potatoes at Mount Gambior. Without rain, howovor, there would havo to be a considerable draw in that colony, also, on Tasmania. He saw three tons of Mount Gambler in Adelaide well grown, but tho general run of potatoes there is vory small— suitable onlyfor seed. The hny crops of New South Wales and South Australia are good. On axomon's day the Premier was approaehed at Ulvorstono by a deputa tion having reference to mas at Gunn's Plains ana south of Barron Hill, North Motton. A wiro was forwarded by the Ministor to tho Minister for LandB, nnd on Saturday morning tho following reply was forwarded to Mr Wells, the chairman of the Ulvorstono Town Board : — "Par ticulars of works, roads, Gunn's Plains and West Castra, south of Barron Hill, havo been received, and tenders will be invited in a fow days." This will bo vory satisfactory to tho settlors interested. Only slow progress is being made with the preparation of the now ball and socket joint for the Agnow's centrifugal sand pump, but we understand that a Bplcndid casting is being produced. It is not likely to be ready much before the end of tho wook. A dozen defaulting ratepayers in Devonport are summoned to appear at tha Polios Court tomorrow At the Latrobo Polico Court to-day two individuals will bo procoodcd against for fishing for freshwater salmon or trout without a license. The treasurer of the Devon Hospital desires to acknowledge the receipt of £1 8s 9d, from Mr R. R. Roberts, Sheffield ; also 10s, from Mr W. T. Johnstone, Sheffield. In another column the hon manager of the hospital reminds hon local secretaries and subscribers that the finan cial year closes on December 31, and requests that all donations and subscrip tions be in the hands of the treasurer before that date. Tho attoinpt to impose a sanitary rAto ntr Devonport is not meeting with favor on the West side of the river, auy moro than on tho East, and a petition against it is to be taken around for signatures. /The Lord Bishop of Tasmania (writos our Shofiloid correspondent) proacned at St Barnabas Ohurcli, morning and even ing on Sunday to largo congregations, whon the sermons wore much onjoyod. Mr James Ooopor, of Harrington, mot with a serious acoidcnt while returning from Devonport on Friday, caused through tho shaft of tho buggy becoming discon nected, and causing tho horso to bolt. Mr Cooper was thrown out on to tho road, ntia roceivod some severe bruises, boing for a time unconscious. He is now on a fair way to recovery. Tho annivorsary sormons in connection with tho Kindred Wosloyan Sunday school woroproAohed on Sunday week, when tho tho Rev 0. O. Leloan officiated in tho morning and ovoning And Mr O. Ramsay in the afternoon. Tho churoh (writes our correspondent), whioh was prettily decorated with ferns and flowers, was crowded to excess, and many wore not able to cot in. Tho singing of tho children (Mrs T. P. Cowlo and Mr A. Ohatwin assisting) was vory good. Miss May Trobilcook presided at thu organ, assisted by Mrs W. Walkor. Tho tea took placo on Tuosday, but .was only poorly attendod, on account of so much sicknoss in the district. Tho takings wore £10 7s Od. Tho time for tho reception of tenders for tho supply of pans in connection with tho now sanitary system of tho Devonport Town Board has expired, hut nono are forward. In this dilemma, tho committoc have nob yet resolved on what course they will adopt. Tho friends of Mr M. Quinlan will bo clad to hear that he is now out of the hospital, aftor having undergono an oporation for tho removal of a cancer of tho lip, and was walking about Devonport yesterday, brisker than, ho Has done for many months. This is almost a raarvol- louR outcomo of a severe oporation, at tho advanced age of 90 years. Measles (writos our Kindred corres pondent) are in our midst, noarly ovory house having ono or moro down with tho malady, and in somo cases whole families aro affoctod. Tho bush fir'o season has como upon us suddenly. For months past ovorything has been drenched with rain, thus ren dering the prospect of kindling a fire in tho bush uxtromely remote. However, a few hours of drying wind and hot sun in tho oarly part of Saturday wero sufficient to start u blaze, for about 2 o'olock opaquo volumes of smoke were to bo seen rolling up to the south-east of the town. Tho outbreak occurred in somo sorub land at Sproyton, but no damago to property has so fAr resulted. Lost night tho glare from tho fire was sufficient to cast a Tight over tho streets of Devonport. A communication from a public depart ment in Hobart to tho Lovon Road Trust recently reached its destination, aftor wandering nearly all over Tasmania. It was addressed, probably in a moment of abstraction, to " Liverpool Road Trust." Tho annual mooting of tho Liconsing Bench for West Devon was hold on Thurs day, 'Dr J. MoCall (chairman), O. F. Bark- worth, T. P. Cowlo, and J. D. McKenna, Esqs, Ja.P., boing present, whon tho ap plications for thu renewals of licenses from Adam Mays (Albion Hotel), \V. A. Lawson (Commercial Hotel), and O. T. Anthon (Neptune Hotel) wero granted.( A license was granted to J. Simpson for tho Uiverstoiio Hotel, now in course of erection. An application from 0. T. Anthon, for a reduction of tho feo for tho Neptune Hotel, was refused. PJans of a new house at the Penguin, for which ap- Slication for a liconso will bo miide at tho 'obruary Court, woro put in by O. Hein- rick, of Penguin. Somo travellers with a dray mot with a troo across a cutting on tho Gunn's Plains road recently, nnd, it is said, had to go through a moat unusual procedure to coa- tinuo their journey. Tho troo in ono plACO permitted of the horso boing led under, -but the wheels were too high. Not to be beaten, tho wheels wore taken off, tho body of tho cart drugged undor tho log, tho wheels and horso ro-placod in thoir respective places, And tho journoy resumed. Suoh aro the joys of bush travelling. Pupils from Devon College wore par ticularly successful at tho Trinity College musical examinations hold in Launcoston last wook. At the examination iu ques tion 37 candidates from the northern part of Tasmania played before Mr O. Ed wards, and ot these 24 failed to satisfy that gentlemen, only 13 passing. Of tho 13, fivo were pupils of Mrs Macmaster, viz, Missos R. Levy, M. Phillips, \Y. and E. Smith, and Master P. Bovill. They all, and especially Miss Winnie Smith (who is only 10 yoars of ago), are to be congratulated on having satisfiod a Lon don critic so stern as to rojeot between 60 and 70 per cent of the Launceston candidates. The result speaks well for tho conservatorium system followed by Mrs Macmaster. As wo mentioned some time ago, six pupils wore entered from Devon Collego, but tho ono who failed loft Mrs Maomastor soon aftor tbo entries were forwarded to England in June, so that the success of the' Collego candidates was complete. At tho Anglican Church, Wost Dovon- >urt, on Sunday evening (when tho col- sotions wero in aid of tho Devon Cottage Hospital), the Rev J. K. Wilmor made au earnest appeal on bohalf of that institu tion, before commencing his usual dis course. It was hardly necessary for him, he said, as a comparative stranger in thoir midst, to toll tnem of the usefulness of suoh nn institution. As they were well aware, the hospital waa founded by a former rector of that pariah-— one, in fact, who m&do; it his lire's work, and, of course, it waa therefore doubly their duty to help suoh a good cause, They all knew that during the greater part of this year a large amount of slokneu had been prevalent all along the North-West Coast, and If it had not been for suoh an institution, many of their brethren must have suffered very considerably. There fore, he would ask them to give to the Devon Cottage Hospital as liberally as God had prospered tnem To day, if the weather be suitable, Messrs BoviU and Davis intend to start -cutting, with their new McCormiok reaper and binder, a six acre paddock of Al gerian oats belonging to Mr W. F. Slater, at East Devonport. It is believed that this will be tho first of the new season machines sot in motion in thp Colony, nnd that it will bo tho first bit of tliis season's crop out in tho island. Tho stufl1 is to be sent to the Sydnoy market. Thu bazaar arranged by somo youug ladies in aid of the Devon Cottage Hos pital will bo held in tho Formby Hall to- morrow afternoon. The Hon J. H. , McCall will open tho bazaar at 2 30. Mr G. Atkinson will hold his Latrobe sale to-morrow, when a large quantity of took will be ywdedt Thero was a largo attendance at tho ceremony of tho laying of tho foundation atone of tho uoiv Anglican vioaragu at Shoflield yestordoy. Shortly after 4 o'clook .His Lordship, Bishop Montgom ery, attendod by tho llova W. Hogg (Latrobo), Wihnor (Devonport), and J. S. Roper (Shofiloid), arrived at tho now build ing, wluoh is a handsome olovon-roomod woatliorboard structure, oroctod on tho site in High streot lately acquired by tho vicarage cominittoo. Tho ordor of sorvico for tho layingof tho stono was tho singing of hyinn, "Tho Church's ono Founda tion, aftor whioh there woro prayors and responses. Then Psalm 127 was sunp, and Hi9 Lordship placed tho stono in position saying-!— "in the Faith of Jesus Christ, wo placo this hcadstono on tho foundation, in tho Namo of tho Fathor, tho Son and tho Holy Ghost, that hero truo Faith, tho fear of God and brotherly lovo may dwoll, nud that this place may bo sot apart ns thu dwelling of thoso who shall minister at His altars, nnd for tho honor of tlio namo of samo, our Lord Jesus Christ, who Hveth and roignoth with tho Father." Subsequently His Lordship doliverod an impressive address, explain ing tho significance of tho work which had boon performed. Aftor tho address, tho hymn "Lord of Heaven, of earth, and soa," was sung, tho ceremony boing con cluded with tno blessing, pronounced by His Lordship. Somo sports woro to havo been held in connection with tho ceremony, but, owing to tho small attendance, at tno advortisoa time for commencing, 1p.m., a start was not mado till aftor 3 o'clook, and by C.15 only two oventa, tho maidon foot race and throwing tho hummer woro got off. Tho former was won by A. Mainwaring, N. Coloinnn boing second, and E. Morao third. A. Ford also started. Con Leary won tho prizo for throwing tho hammer, with a throw of noarly 20 yards. On Friday Mr A. Bryan, champion Axoman of Victoria, wired to tho Went Coast, offering to mako a private match with any Wost Coast axoman for £20 a-sido. Yostorday a wiro was rocoived from Quoenstown, stating : — "Feel con fident can arrange match. Will wiro definitely Tuesday." Saturday was a beautiful day for yacht ing, tho atmosphere boing bright and clear, and a fresh N.N.W. breeze blow ing. Tho various "whito wings" belong ing to tho Morsey took full auvantago of tho favoring conditions, nnd during tho greater portion of tho afternoon that uicturesquo lako-liko portion of tho rivor lying botwoon tho railway station and Wowl's Point was dotted with nimblo littlo craft heeling over gracefully to tho favoring wind. The annual entertainment in aid of tho Forth Stato school will bo hold to morrow, and will consist of a cake nnd produce fair in the local Town Hall, to bo tollowod by a fairy extravaganza in tho ovoning. Tho fAir will bo open from 3 to 6, and tho ontortainmunt in tho ovening will commonoo at 8 sharp. An exhibition of cutting by the Bonnio bindor will bo given in Mr Littlojohn'a crop, at Devonport, to-morrow, at3o'clock, with ono of the new season's machines sold by tho North- Western Farmors' As sociation to Mr E. A. Kimborloy. Tho vorop to bo oxperimonted upon, wo aro in- formod, is a vory difficult ono, boing partly of tares ; therefore, a good oppor tunity will bo afforded farmors of soeing tho implement at work whoro circum stances will not bo wholly in Its favor. The Ponguin Flowor Show will bo hold to-morrow. Wo remind intending competitors that ontrios closo on Saturday for the Latrobo Bicyclo Raco Club's sports, to bo hold on Boxing Day. Mention will bo found in our advertis ing columns of somo of tho attractions for tho Christmas festival and oxhibition to bo held in tho Formby Hall and Edgin- ton's stores during tho forthcoming holidays. Tho oxhibition will bo oponoa on Monday, Docombor 26, by the Right Hon Sir E. N. O. Braddon, and will bo continued up to Now Year's Day, A famous dwArf has beon ongagod, who will appear for tho first time in the Colony in his drawing-room ontortainmunt. A marvol in tho sh&po; of a talking hoad will also be oxhibited, and vAnous othor attractions are announced for tho even ings. The exhibition will Also bo pretty comploto in variety of articles shown. Tho full programme of tho Ulvorstono Band Sports, to bo held on Boxing Day, Docomber 27, appears in anothor column, and will ho found to comprise twonty ovonts. For tho chiof ovonts entrios closo on Saturday. The prizes are, to say the least, respoctablo, and tho band do- servos the oncouragomont of liboral patronage, which no doubt it will havo on tho popular holiday. The handicaps for the Quoenstown chopping contest will be found in anothor column. On Thursday week, at "Westwood," Forth, Mr G. Atkinson will offer a quantity of livo and dead farm stook and sundries, in oonsequonco of tho farm baiug lot. Extra stock will bo offered, and the sale will commonco at I p.m. The Cash Grocery Company, Devonport and Ulvorstono announce tho arrival of new season's fruits for Christmas. 