THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, FRIDAY, SEPT. 9, 1898. CONSUMPTION. Great advance has been made by the medical profession during the last fifty years. The advance has been most marked in surgery, mainly perhaps due to antiseptics, and improved instruments. But there has been also great advance in medicine and in sanitation (or, better, hygiene). A change has gradually taken place in treatment and in the way of viewing things, and this change has produced healthier living and has lessened disease. In many towns in the old country the death rate has fallen one- half. And even consumption (tubercular) has yielded slightly to the advancing move- ment. Dr. Parkes, an eminent authority on sanitation, says that in some cities the fall in the death rate from consumption has been very considerable. Still about one-fifth of the mortality is due to consumption. It is, however, no longer regarded as a purely hereditary disease and one that it is hopeless to contend with. Many cases can be cited by every physician of patients, who, by at- tention to their general health, recovered and led a fairly active life and died of old age. The pity is that many people don’t know how to take care or are so situated that they cannot. Also, the disease cannot be called hereditary, though probably the constitution is more or less so. Such a con- stitution is generally called scrofulous, and is associated with weak chests, lung troubles and other diseases, and there is now little doubt that the disease may be communicated to the sound by the sick. And not only may man transmit it to man, but it seems almost certain that animals may transmit it to man, that consumption (tuberculosis), anthrax, foot and mouth disease, etc., are communicable by cattle to men through milk and flesh. To this we may add that many other diseases come to men from animals. The fluke from sheep, the trichina of pigs, the tapeworm of the pig and the ox, and many other parasites from fish and birds find lodging and development in man. Consumption is preventible—that is the point of view now. A healthy life may enable a scrofulous man to avoid it. Attention to what one eats and drinks will lessen the frequency of the disease, and render a patient if attacked more able to re- sist the attack. Statistics are available to prove this. Though exposed for centuries to every form of persecution, though con- fined to dirty narrow unhealthy quarters of cities, yet the Jews have shown themselves of greater vitality than Christians; their death rate is lower, they live longer, and they are less liable to epidemics. Only one clear and satisfactory explanation of this fact has been offered. It is that the Jews are very careful about what flesh they eat. By the Mosaic Law, animals are divided into clean and unclean. The unclean are, rightly speaking, flesh-eaters, and are forbidden. They are, among quadrupeds, the carnivora— lions, tigers, cats, pigs, etc. Among birds they are the raptores, the snatchers, as eagles, hawks, vultures, etc. These animals, the carnivora and the raptores, are all foul feeders, and are therefore peculiarly liable to disease. Clean or permitted animals are subject to a rigorous inspection by a thoroughly trained veterinary Jew before being passed for food. Taking one- half year’s return from the London meat market, we find the following were condemned :—5 of every 12 oxen, 6 of every 21 calves, 9 of every 21 sheep—a very large proportion. Again the slain animal is thoroughly drained of the blood, and the blood is rejected. Game that has been shot and fowls that have been strangled are forbidden. Fowls have parasites that they give to men, and few animals need closer inspection than game birds and common fowls. The draining away of the blood and the rejecting of it is healthy for these reasons. Blood left in the body more quickly causes the flesh to become corrupt, and though the flesh may show no sign of corruption yet the blood may be diseased. Microscopic experts have dis- covered in the blood of apparently healthy animals the germs of particular diseases— the germs of tuberculosis and of splenic fever for example. These germs are hard to kill. There is only one safe way of dis- posing of diseased or doubtful matter—burn it. Now when we read such cases as the following, it will be easily understood that a cleanly fed Jew is more healthy than a Christian :—At Sydney the other week, the authorities seated a consignment of pigs from the country intended for sale in the city. The flesh was in a disgusting condition from the ravages of tuberculosis. A few days ago in Melbourne several officers of the Board of Health submitted to the chairman specimens of flesh that had been placed be- fore them to eat— one was affected with tuberculosis, another with spiroptera, and a third with an abscess due to bacteria in sheep. It is also well-known that cows suffering from tuberculosis supply milk to the community. Evidently such things can- not go on if the community is to be healthy, still less if consumption is to be got rid of. Even if every disease were banished, or if at its first touch, a sniff of a smelling bottle, or a drop of an anti-toxic were a cure, even then, diseased flesh and milk would leave the people unhealthy. They would be eat- ing what did not invigorate, they would lower their vitality, they would impair their tone of health, their cheerfulness and useful- ness. The steps that should be taken are not quite clear. It would be hard to make butchers suffer all the loss. Probably the State will have to give a small allowance, as it is a national affair, for the good of all. The misfortune is that state grants usually mean waste and more grabbing. But a little waste would be far better than diseased food. Largely the farmer may be prevented from offering it for sale. He should know his business well enough to have no tubercular cattle. It would pay him to know this and to act up to it. He would find that to keep only healthy hardy stock and to treat them well is far more profitable than to have ill- bred, half-starved animals liable to every disease and incapable of good growth and form. However, if once the line is taken up that consumption is preventible, the details, troublesome and probably unfair at first, will gradually adjust themselves so that no one shall be oppressed. Parliament.—The attention of the Assembly yesterday was principally devoted to the con- sideration of the Victorian Government Con- solidated Inscribed Stock Bill. The discussion initiated by Mr. Gillies was very short, and the measure was rapidly dealt with. The first four clauses, giving the title, the interpreta- tion of terms, power to issue stock for loans and making stock and dividends a primary charge on revenue were rapidly passed. Clause 5, which empowers that consolidated stock shall be created and issued in such amounts, at such price and time, on such terms and conditions, etc., as the Governor-in-Council may from time to time prescribe, gave rise to a brief discussion, and was also passed. Clause 6, arranging for the payment off of, or substitution for, existing secu- rities containing sub-clauses, also briefly occu- pied the attention of members, and was passed, with the exception of sub-clause 5, referring to the indemnifying of a person or trustee under disability holding security for any payment off a substitution of such security that they might make, which was eliminated by the Premier. On clause 7, referring to the restrictions on the increase of capital of loan, a brief discussion took place. Mr. Deakin expressed pleasure that the Premier showed a tendency toward restricting the impulse of the colony for continual borrowing, and that he was taking powers to establish a Redemp- tion Fund which could be used in purchasing or repurchasing consolidated stock. Mr. Hamilton moved a formal amendment in clause 7 to test the views of the House in favor of establishing a sinking fund. The amendment, after a short debate, was lost by 47 to 11 votes. The bill was then rapidly passed through committee. The Victorian Consoli- dated Inscribed Stock Redemption Fund and other cognate bills bearing on the Consoli- dated Inscribed Stock Bill were also put through committee, and having passed a mess- age from the Governor recommending an ap- propriation for the Railway Loan Application Bill and postponed the second reading, the House adjourned till Tuesday. Mining Development Loans.—According to a return laid on the table of the Assembly last evening at the instance of Mr. Hamilton, it appears that the total amounts allotted dur- ing the last three years under the Mining De- velopment Act to each of the seven mining dis- tricts of the colony are Gippsland, £17,983 ; Sandhurst, £3,585 ; Maryborough, £19,540 ; Ballarat, £11,269 ; Beechworth, £21,265 ; Ararat, £4,037 ; Castlemaine, £9,596. The total for three years was £87,277. The Five Mile Creek Mystery.—The question of the identity of the human remains found by Mr. M. Landers near the Five Mile Creek a fortnight ago is still unsettled. As suggested by Detective Sexton, who has charge of the case, the detectives in the metropolis are engaged prosecuting inquiries with a view to ascertaining if any person engaged in the scenic branch at the theatres in Melbourne has disappeared during the past year or two. Mr. H. J. Drury, who first gave the information to the police concerning this man, is almost con- fident that the person who called at the Mus- kerry creamery about Christmas in 1896 is identical with the man whose bones were re- cently discovered. It certainly would be a remarkable coincidence if two persons in the district should have the sole of their right boots fixed up with wire as was the case with the right boot found on the deceased, and Mr. Drury states that the man who accosted him had his right boot secured in the same way. As there was no work for the man at the creamery Mr. Drury states that he drove away in a cart with a man named Lowe, who subsequently went to New South Wales shear- ing. The “Ghost” Scare.—The “ghost” is now reported to be prowling in several locali- ties, but the scare has almost subsided. An incident of a comical nature is reported from Marong. A lady resident observed a white object moving about a hedge bordering her fence, and believing that the “ghost” had come from Bendigo invoked the assistance of several young men to drive it away from the premises. One of the men armed himself with a gun and fired at the object, which fell to the ground. On proceeding to examine it they found that it was a white calf which had been eating the hedge. The shot had killed it. Magisterial Inquiry.—Yesterday after- noon Mr. W. Webb, J.P., held a magisterial inquiry at the Warden’s Court touching the death of Mrs. Esther Davis, an old widow, whose dead body was found in her house, off Myers-street, on Wednesday, under circum- stances as reported in our last issue. Ser- geant Kilfeder watched the proceedings on behalf of the police. Evidence was given by Mrs. M‘Duff and Mrs. Dean, two neighbors, Mounted-constable Martin and Dr. T. Murphy, who had made a post mortem examination of the body. The doctor expressed the opinion that the unfortunate woman had been dead a couple of days. The cause of death was apo- plexy due to rupture of a bloodvessel in the brain. A verdict was recorded in accordance with the medical testimony. Echuca Licensing Court.—Telegraphing last night our Echuca correspondent reports: —A full bench of licensing magistrates sat for five hours to-day hearing an application by Mrs. Pruitt for the transfer to her of the license of the Rodney hotel. The Crown op- posed the transfer of the license on the grounds of alleged bad fame and character. Mr. Gaun- son appeared for the applicant, and the police evidence was to the effect that the applicant reputedly conducted the Clarence hotel badly, and that it had an immoral reputation. The bench held that evidence of character by re- pute was insufficient, and granted the license. An objection to the granting of a license to Mrs. Pygall for Stewart’s Bridge hotel on similar grounds was withdrawn. The court was crowded all day, and great interest was manifested in the cases. A “Ghost” Yarn.—A good story is being told with reference to the recent “ghost” scare. One night when the excitement oc- casioned by the scare was greatest, a man, whose appearance suggested that he had re- ceived a great fright, rushed into an hotel about closing up time. His eyes glared, his limbs trembled, and he could only murmur to the persons who crowded about him, “The Ghost! the Ghost!” At length, after several liberal doses of brandy, he was restored to his usual composure, and was able to relate how the “ghost” had danced before him and startled him almost out of his wits. The occu- pants of the hotel listened eagerly to the tale, which the teller enlarged upon as round upon round of drinks was served. At length about 2 o’clock in the morning the subject was ex- hausted, and the licensee wished the story- teller and his companions to make their de- parture. At every suggestion, however, of “time to go,” the “ghost” seer would grasp a chair and murmur “the ghost” in such hor- rified tones, and otherwise show his alarm, that the hotel people became again alarmed for his health, and repeated the doses of brandy until at length when he did retire from the pre- mises he was so “loaded” that it was quite possible that he saw more alarming objects than “ghosts” on his road homewards. Missing. — On Wednesday an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, named Henry Watt, was allowed out of the institute for recreation, and he has since not been heard of. He is over 60 years of age, and wore a black felt hat, a long overcoat, and trousers tied at the knee. His disappearance has been reported to the police. Neglected Children.—A very painful case in which Mrs. Annie Day wished to have her children committed to the care of the Depart- ment for Neglected Children was heard in the Police Court yesterday. The little ones, whose names were Ruby Elizabeth Jane Day and Myrtle Florence Amy Day, were aged respec0 tivelv 5 years and 10 months. The mother’s tale went to show that her husband, Harry Day, had deserted her on the 2nd August, and had left no means whatever for her support. The children had been kept for a fortnight by kind neighbors, and she had also received aid from the city poor box. The furniture, which brought 30s, had to be sold, and she had now only 2s left. She could not see her children starve. Sergeant Kilfeder stated that Mrs. Day’s husband was a worthless man, and that a warrant was out for his arrest. The bench ordered that the children be committed to the care of the Department for Neglected Children, and recommended that they be boarded out to the mother. The presiding magistrates, Messrs. Webb, Somerville and Tankard, Js.P., generously donated 7s 6d to help in keeping the little ones for a few days whilst the depart- ment was being communicated with. The Weather.— Fine weather prevailed yesterday, but after sunset the temperature was pretty cold and later on there was a sharp frost. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’s, jeweller, were:—Thermometer—9 a.m., 48° ; 12 noon, 53° ; 3 p.m., 58° ; 6 p.m., 56° ; maximum, 59° ; minimum, 42°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.72; 12 noon, 29.63 ; 3 p.m., 29.61 ; 6 p.m., 29.60. Sandhurst Mechanics’ Institute.— The library committee met last evening and dealt with a number of matters pertaining to the in- stitute. It was decided to dispose of a number of magazines and newspapers as they were re- moved from the members’ room tables. A list of new books was recommended to the general committee for purchase. Golden-square Hospital Sunday. — The final meeting of the committee was held last evening; Mr. J. Vafiopolous presided. The secretary, (Mr. S. Teasdale) reported that the receipts from all sources, including a cheque for £1 1s from the G.U.O.O.F., amounted to £36, the expenses being £2 10s 6s. It was re- solved that Captain Houston, of the Golden- square Fire Brigade, and the secretary hand the treasurers of the Bendigo Hospital and Asylum a cheque for £15 15s each. It was decided that the service should be held annually. After a comprehensive vote of thanks was passed to all who assisted in making the movement so great a success the meeting adjourned until next June. Bendigo Jockey Club.—A meeting of the committee was held on Monday last at Mr. J. Hemming’s office, Mr. S. Lazarus in the chair. The following officials were elected for the en- suing year :—President, Mr. S. Lazarus ; trea- surer, Mr. J. H. Goudge; stewards, Messrs. S. Lazarus, D. B. Lazarus, Robt. Hunter (Burnewang), J. H. Goudge and Major Kirby; judge, Mr. T. Putnam; handi- capper, Mr. W. E. Dakin; starter, Mr. F. R. Row; timekeeper, Mr. W. H. B. Neill; clerk of scales, Mr. W. Moore; clerk of course, Mr. H. M‘Lennan; course committee, Messrs. W. Keating, S. G. Gadd, D. B. Lazarus and Major Kirby; secretary, Mr. J. Hemming. It was decided that the committee should meet at an early date to frame the programme for the spring meeting. Several improvements are being made at the course, which at the present is in an excellent condition, and now that the commands a plentiful supply of water from the Government water race the track can be kept in perfect order. Mr. George Adams has sig- nified his intention of again running one of Tat- tersall’s monster cash prize consultations on the Sandhurst Cup. The Rev. A. S. C. James.—This gentleman was received as a “visitor” at the meeting of the Ballarat Presbytery on Wednesday, and he met with a hearty reception. Matrimonial.—On Wednesday afternoon, at 3.30, the Rowan-street Primitive Methodist Church, despite the rain, presented an animated appearance, being thronged with people. The occasion was the marriage of the Rev. J. T. Kearns’s second daughter to Mr. C. Penzig, of Melbourne. A floral decoration, very neat in design and execution, containing a large bell and initials of the bride and bridegroom, over shadowed the bridal party. The Rev. J. T. Kearns performed the ceremony, and was assisted by the Revs. A. B. Rofe and F. J. Jennings. The bride wore a lovely gown of palest blue, trimmed with tulle lace, orange blossoms and pearls, with white silk sash and orthodox bridal veil, carrying a splendid shower bouquet of orange blossom and camellias, with white satin streamers, the gift of the bride- groom. Miss Kearns, the first bridesmaid, wore silver grey, with trimmings to match, and carried a bouquet of camellias, etc., with streamers. Misses Gerty and Ethel Kearns were attired in cream cashmere, with lace, and carried pretty baskets of flowers, gifts of the bridegroom. The best man was Mr. F. Yea- man, of Williamstown, and was assisted by Mr. W. M‘Caghern, of Kew, and Mr. J. Young, of South Yarra. About 40 guests sat down to an excellent breakfast in the schoolroom, where the usual toasts were duly honored. Gifts to the bride were both numerous and costly. Among them were a bank draft from her aunt in England, and another from her two brothers in South Africa. Her travelling dress was a blue costume, with hat to match. The happy couple started for Melbourne by the evening train. Insulting Words.—In the City Police Court yesterday before Messrs. Webb, Somerville and Tankard, Js.P., Mr. Newman, licensee of the Clarendon hotel, Bull-street, proceeded against Mr. R. Love, manager for Harmston’s Circus, for using insulting words towards him. The facts of the case are as follow—Some of the employes and animals belonging to Harmston’s Circus were stopping at the plaintiff’s hotel, and in- cluded in these was the large elephant. On Saturday, the 20th ult., the elephant was insecurely fastened and during the night broke loose. It smashed a window, tore down some blinds and did damage to the extent of £4 or £5. In the morning Mr. Newman went to Mr. Love, who was staying at the City Club hotel, and requested to be compensated for the loss sustained. Mr. Love then, it was alleged, roundly abused him, using very insulting words. The conversation took place in the passage next to the bar, and was within hearing of persons in a public place. The bench fined the defendant, who did not appear, 10s, and made an order for £1 3s 6d costs. The Gipsies.—An enterprising showman has secured the band of gipsies, who are now show- ing in View-street. An additional attraction is also provided in the grapophone. Land Board.— Mr. M. Macoboy, lands officer, presided over a sitting of the local land board yesterday. The Echuca Shire Council made application for 12½ acres of the Pannoobamawm Village Reserve for the purposes of a quarry reserve. The shire secretary Mr. W. Downe, stated that the council was at present paying sixpence per load to private persons for swamp cement, and the above site was the only available and suitable one within a radius of 15 and 20 miles. The cement was used instead of road metal. Mr. Macoboy recommended that the application be granted and left the question of providing a road along the north of the cemetery to be dealt with by the surveyor in conjunction with the shire engineer. The application of Chas. W. Dyer, for one acre in the Elmore township, was refused. Debating Society.—The Congregational Literary and Debating Society held its monthly meeting on Tuesday evening. The subject was “A Mock Trial by Jury.” The several char- acters were ably sustained. Mr. Levens took the position of chief justice, in which part the knowledge of judicial affairs was painfully evi- dent, especially in the interests of the defen- dants. The crown prosecutor found an able exponent at the hands of Mr. T. Oldham. Counsel for the defence was represented by Mr. W. Cowling, and he raised various preliminary objections on behalf of his client. Mr. F. J. Warren made an excellent associate. The cases dealt with were one of breach of promise and one of acting the ghost. W.C.T.U.—Mrs. Press, the colonial presi- dent of this union, was yesterday received by the mayoress (Mrs. A. Harkness) at her resi- dence, Golden-square. A number of ladies had been invited to meet the visitor, and a pleasant afternoon was spent. In the evening Mrs. Press gave a lecture in the Temperance Hall on “The Work and Workers Throughout the World.” There was a moderate atten- dance. The lecturess touched upon various phases of work done by the union. Lantern views were shown illustrative of the slums and the hospitals and homes in connection with the temperance cause. Pictures illustrating the effect of alcohol upon the heart, lungs, liver and blood corpuscles were also given. The portrait of the late world’s president, Franses E. Willard, was produced, and the greeting which that renowned woman gave to the fourth biennial convention in America was read. At the close of the entertainment a number of per- sons signed the pledge. A Malicious Act.—On Wednesday night some malicious person poisoned a fox terrier owned by Mr. J. Breen, of the International hotel, Kangaroo Flat. The little animal was a great pet with his owner. Convalescent.—The friends of Messrs. A. Johnstone and Borrman, of Kangaroo Flat, who have been seriously ill for some time past, will be pleased to hear that they are both well on their way to recovery. Benevolent Asylum.—The monthly meet- ing of the committee was held last evening. Present—The president (Mr. D. Watson) in the chair), and Messrs. Harkness (mayor), D. B. Lazarus, J. D. Crofts and J. R. Goodisson. Apologies were received from Messrs. Kirby, Birch and Davis. The following donations were received with thanks:—£7 15s 9d, half proceeds of the M.U.I.O.O.F. Hospital Sunday service; £2 2s from the mayor of Eaglehawk, Mr. M. Curtain ; £2 2s from the Bendigo Traders’ Association; and £3 3s from the Shire Castle Donnington. The Under Treasurer, Melbourne, wrote, stating that if the com- mittee could furnish Sir George Turner with any figures showing that the inmates of the Government wards in the Asylum cost more than £14 per head per annum, he would consider the committee’s application for an increased allowance for their main- tenance. The letter was received, Mr. Lazarus remarking that there should be no difficulty in supplying the necessary information. The Under-Treasurer also wrote stating that ar- rangements had now been made under which a statement of particulars would be furnished concerning persons sent direct to the asylum without passing through the gaols. Mr. H. A. Leighton wrote offering to give a performance for the inmates in the institution. The offer was accepted with thanks, as was a similar offer from the Militia Athletic Club. The re- port of the hon. treasurer (Mr. G. G. P. Clar- idge) for the month of August was as follows: —Receipts: To contributions, £116 12s 1d; in- terest, £31 15s 10d ; Bovernment maintenance of inmates, £588 12s 3d ; sundries, £27 17s; balance, £2,369 7s 10d; total, £3,134 5s. Ex- penditure: By balance 31st July, £2,513 12s 5d; payments during August, £629 12 7d ; total, £3,134 5s. Mr. E. W. Kirby wrote asking for permission to withdraw his notice of motion in regard to changing the day of holding the monthly meetings, as Dr. J. Boyd, for whose benefit the proposed change was intended, had left the colony for a while. Accounts amounting to £546 2s 4d were passed for payment. The meeting then closed. The Kerang Show.—Entries for the annual show of the Kerang District Agricultural Society, to be held on Wednesday, 21st Sep- tember, close with the secretary on 14th inst.; late entries (with double fees) the following day. Holiday excursion fares have been arranged for the show as usual. Social Evening.—On Wednesday evening a successful social was held in the Oddfellows’ Hall, Kangaroo Flat, in connection with the Court Banner of Hope Lodge. The dances were interspersed with songs by Mrs. Wilkie, Miss Roberts and Mr. Gus Browning. A recitation was also given by Mr. E. G. Yeates. For those who did not indulge in dancing parlor games of variuns descriptions were provided. City Police Court.—Messrs. Webb, Somer- ville and Tankard, Js.P., adjudicated yester- day. At the instance of Detective M‘Pherson, two lads named George Bowman and Charles Barkly were charged with riotous behavior on the 14th August at Break o’ Day. Mr. Kirby appeared for defendants, and, on the application of Inspector Murphy, they were remanded till 29th inst. Bail was allowed each of the ac- cused in their own recognisance of £10, and in one surety of £10 each. John Kelly, for be- having in an insulting manner, was fined 20s, in default 14 days’ imprisonment, and on a second charge, that of resisting the police, he was fined 60s, in default distress. Constable O’Laughlin stated that at about 12.30 a.m. he was on duty at the city watchhouse. He heard the accused and another man engaged in a drunken row at the intersection of Dowling and Mundy streets. Kelly used disgusting language, and when being arrested resisted so violently that it was only with the assistance of Senior-con- stable Carroll and Constable Galvin that he was brought to the lockup. When there he struck witness a nasty blow on the nose. Kelly said he did not remember striking anyone. Inspec- tor Murphy proved several previous convictions against him. An inebriate who last Thursday was sent to the gaol hospital for a week’s medi- cal treatment was discharged, as it was his first offence. Several debt cases were disposed of and the court adjourned. The Greater Britain and Paris Exhibi- tions.—Messrs. W. Knox, M.L.C., L. L. Smith and H. M. Gooch, members of the executive committee for the Greater Britain and Paris Exhibitions, and the secretary, Mr. J. E. Sher- rard, have arranged to be in Bendigo on Satur- day next for the purpose of interviewing pro- bable exhibitors at the above exhibitions. The committee hopes that the mining, agricultural, wine and manufacturing industries of Bendigo will find worthy representation on this occasion. Any exhibitors desiring to make appointments with the committee are desired to communi- cate with the secretary at the Shamrock hotel. Death in the Hospital.—Alice Ryan, aged 13 years, admitted on 10th July, died yester- day from typhoid fever. A.N.A.— The fortnightly meeting of the local branch was held last evening. The pre- sident (Mr. T. Glass) occupied the chair. Three new members were introduced, and three nomi- nations for membership were received. Subse- quently a “free and easy” entertainment, arranged by Mr. M. J. Stapleton (the vice-pre- sident), was given, and a pleasant hour spent in harmony. The Mining Managers’ Association.—The monthly meeting of the Bendigo Mining Mana- gers’ Association was held at the Mechanics’ In- stitute, Eaglehawk, last evening. There were present—Messrs. Paull (in the chair), Pryor, Hall, Oats, Whitford, Metcalf, Hollick and W. Wilson (secretary). Mr. R. Lonsdale was pro- posed for membership. Accounts were passed for payment and other formal business dealt with, and the meeting closed. St. Paul’s Sunday School.—The Ven. Arch- deacon MacCullagh on Wednesday evening gave an enjoyable social to those who had helped at the recent bazaar in aid of the school funds. A large number of ladies and gentlemen was present, and Mr. Powell (treasurer), on behalf of the vestry, thanked the committee for the energy displayed by them, which resulted in the success of the movement. He said that the cost of the new school buildings would be £1,500, and that the improvements to the church would probably be completed in a few years. The amount raised by the bazaar was £208. Death of an Ardent Federalist. —Mr. W. H. Dalton, late assistant honorary secretary of the Australasian Federation League, died at his residence, 13 Power-street, Hawthorn, on Tuesday afternoon, and was buried in the Boroondara cemetery yesterday. Mr. Dalton rendered valuable and unselfish service to the cause of federation, especially during the late campaign. Determined Attempt at Suicide.—What was apparently a determined attempt at suicide was made by Mrs. W. J. Bickford, at Glenelg, on Wednesday morning. Her husband had just left for work when he heard a shot fired. He returned, and found his wife with a wound in her breast. She had apparently got hold of a Martini-Henry rifie, sat down on a chair, loaded it, and, having placed the muzzle against her breast, discharged the gun bv pressing a fire shovel against the trigger. The bullet went right through the body, but the woman is still living. The Meat Trade.—A matter which will be of considerable interest to fatteners of stock and to butchers came before the Board of Health on Wednesday. It is important more particularly in view of the recent contention of the butchers that provision should be made in the Meat Bill for throwing the onus of selling diseased stock upon the grower. A heavy fine was recently inflicted upon a butcher in Beech- worth for selling the meat of diseased bullocks. One beast in question was decidedly tuberculous, and the police assert that they have evidence to show that the grazier was aware of this fact before he sold it. Consequently they wish to prosecute the vendor as well as the butcher. Ap- plication for assistance was made to the Agricul- tural department, but the reply made was that proceedings would have to be taken under the Health Act. Application was then made by the police to the Board of Health. In dis- cussing the matter, Dr. Gresswell alluded to the difficulties in the way of such a prosecution, especially as there was no proper test for de- ciding, whilst a beast was alive, whether the whole of the carcase was unfit for consumption. In fact, he added, he was inclined to think that a great deal of condemnation, such as for “bumpy jaw” and other diseases, took place when there was no necessity. The board (states the Age) decided to refer the matter to the local council as the proper body for dealing with it. The Late Mr. Francis Longmore.—The will of the late Mr. Francis Longmore, of Com- mercial road, Malvern, gentleman, was filed in the Probate Office on Wednesday. Testator directs that his wife Sarah shall have the use of the house occupied by him for her life, and that at her death it shall go his daughter, Ida Lillian Longmore. In the event of their being a house built on the land adjoining the house occupied by the testator, it is bequeathed to Robert Bankin Longmore, a son, but should there be no house on the land then £300 is left to the son mentioned. The income from the residuary estate is bequeathed to the widow, and at her death the property is to be divided equally between his four children, Jane White, Francis John Longmore, Robert Banking Long- more and Ida Lillian Longmore. The estate is valued at £1,391, of which £370 is realty. Female Reporters.—The Advanced Woman is making very rapid strides in New Zealand, and there is no knowing where she is going to stop. The latest development in her progress is the advent of a young lady, a Miss Hender- son, into the sacred domain of Parliamentary reporting. It appears that a certain paper em- ployed Miss Henderson as a shorthand reporter, in which capacity she was instructed to attend the gallery in Parliament House at Wellington, and report the debates. No dovecote was ever so fluttered by the approach of an eagle as were the bearded representatives of the metropolitan press when the intrepid lady made her appear- ance in their midst. They held a hurried coun- cil of war, the result of which was a deputation to the Speaker, who politely requested the fair intruder to withdraw. The male journalists explain they do not object to women re- porting Parliament, but they urge that a sepa- rate gallery and separate rooms for transcrib- ing notes should be provided—and, considering the nature of the conversation with which the average pressman beguile the time in these rooms while awaiting their next “turn,” such a provision would be highly desirable, and it speaks volumes for the modesty of the journa- lists concerned that they thought of it. In spite of this temporary repulse, it is almost certain (says the Hamilton Spectator) that be- fore long the embargo will be removed, and that men will have to submit to female compe- tition in the gallery at Wellington, with the necessary consequence reduced salaries. General Kitchener’s Army.—The vic- victorious forces under Sir Herbert Kitchener in the Soudan are reported to be composed as fol- lows:—22 battalions of infantry (about 15,000 men), 1,500 cavalry, 28 guns, 15 Maxim guns, 700 mounted men on camels and horses. Collision in the Brisbane River.—The steamship Amana, the first of a line of steam- ships trading between New York and Austra- lian ports, when proceeding down the river early on Wednesday morning collided with three vessels berthed alongside the wharf, op- posite Kangaroo Point, severely damaging them and smashing about a dozen of the wharf piles. The damage is estimated at £1,000. The Amana was uninjured. The collision (states the Argus) was caused by the tide sweeping the Amana on to the other vessels while she was going round a sharp bend of the river. Disarming the Nations.—The proposal of the Czar that all the nations should be disarmed was referred to with much pleasure at the meeting of the Ballarat Presbytery on Wednes- day, and it was unanimously resolved, on the motion of the Rev. W. Gray, seconded by the Rev. T. R. Cairns—“That we have observed with the most intense satisfaction the overtures of the Czar of Russia to the rulers of the other nations for disarmament, and that the presby- tery expresses its thanks to Almighty God for the advancement thus manifested in the progress of national thought, and trusts that the result may be such as to advance the interests of Christianity and the glory of God.” Methodist Church Golden Gully.—The anniverary of the United Methodist Church, Golden Gully, was continued on Wednesday night by a tea and concert. A large number of people partook of the good things at the tea tables. At the concert the chair was taken by the Rev. R. S.. Carson, and the following ladies and gentlemen took part:—Songs, Mrs. Carson, Miss M. Chandler, Mrs. M‘Ewan, Miss Westaway and Mr. Truscott; recitations, Misses L. Draffen, D. Ward, Williams and Andersen, and Messrs. Morris, W. Ikin and Kirkby; dialogues were also given by Mr. Greig and his pupils. The proceedings termi- nated with an amusing sketch entitled “Laughing Gas,” which was greatly enjoyed. 