IN A YELLOW ENVELOPE. | BY LILLIli HiUTTLTON PHENCH. | )!( wiudorfB had beeu darkened all • lay. No one vvbis-j percd in tlio bulla or uiuved by her door cxcrpt with noiseless tread. Not a .soiiud had been permitted to pbiietrnto hor roooi t-xcopt that which uu mu; could con trol—the incessant undulating roar of cahs.so much more* districting to mau.y of us than even the jingle of cur hells or the jar of heavy trucks. Bub Eleanor Irving bud been Hccu.itomed ever since she could remember to the noise of the>ie cubs, and slept without being disturbed by them, She had danced all night. She mis conscious us ftlie Uy on her pillow before falling asleep, that she had never br.en happier in her life. Every aesthetic s*uro in her had been satis* fled. The music of the Hungarian baud hud had just thiifc touch of the primitive in it. of the unsubdued wildness of.nature—its cry for its own, its forests and its freedom—breaking out in the melodies which seemed bo her to be long eveu more to such a uigUb of pleasure aad dance than tho more sensuous strains of other lands. The decorations of the rooms hud he,(-n all white and grreu, r.s though tho woods of €ftrly .spring had been trnnspluntei there. She felt; at onee in harmony with them, aad so lost Consciousness of self. The perfectuess of her pitu uppoiutments, the glory of her abounding health,the fact that her lover was satisfied with her, that ho whs u.h happy us Bhe, helped to make ber forget everything bat the spirit of buppiue^s that Mvrayed them both. The clock bad struck twelve before she awoke uiid rang ber bell, l-ler niao houra'aleep hud then been accomplished. Those nbo won:ler at the beauty »nd frr-sh fieBA of yftuug girls after a winter o! dancing, so differmt from the dry pinched look of rnan.r a more eurnebt sintrr, tire not in the confidence of watchful mothers and guardians. They do not know how carefully the temperature of the roam in which the ball ilr^s is removed iu regu lated at nigbt, uor how strenuously some nourishment for the m-ary dancer is insisted upon—the steaming bouillon, the milk, or the sandwich. Nor do they realise bow next day all the household is ordeied for the comfort of bhe late sleeper—ordered as if Home couvale: cent rather than some irresponsible seeker aftei pleasure, lay in tho darkened chamber. Miss Irving's morning letters were brought to her oq her bre^kfit-st ttay. Thcie vrere always a dozen uoten or more, with cards for Urns and invitations for dinners four weeks ahead. No young woman in years h»id been a greater sue cess. " There was, brides these other letters, always,na matter at whet hour they had parted the ni^ht before, a liltla uoto from her lover, Itichurd "Winthrop. These notes were of the thing* he never neglected. They were one. of the {sentiment* she loved beab. They helped her, with all the other evidences he gave of a thoughtful, uusrrerviai,' devotion, to that gense of quiet yet joyful security she felt so sure and firm she hub free to be herself without fear tihout life, fl8 though the foundations vrtire sure and firm—of warp or niUuauerKtatiditig. She did nob ulnay* read hiu letter first. It depeuded very much on who was in the room with her. When her old nurse Martha stayed, as she did this aioruiuj;, Eleunor slipped Win throp's letter into the pocket of her wrapper. She could talk to Martbu about everylhiutf else m the world—about Winthrop himself—but hi» letters wore somehow holy ground to her. Martha oat now in front of the tiro on a low chair Blw.»ys reserved for her, took a woollen sock from her ample pocket, and knitted while sho waited. Martha had never outgrown her twito for this foot-gear, imbibed on the field of her eaily peasaut days. Eleaoor'a letters were part of the pride of the old woman's lifo. They helped to prove the im portance of the child to whom sbo had given the dovotion of years. Eleanor, knowing 'bin, often read her letters and invitations aloud, even to the names iind addresses on certain cards for ten. Martha bad a tunte Tor lcculities and great houses. It was the tenth envelope she had opened and thrown away that morning. " It looks queer," Eleanor said, turning; it over in her taud. M It's from .some poor wan, I suppose. But it is not signed. I never bad a letter before without a signature) to it." "■ M All anonymous letters are the same. * They aro never used to carry tlm sweet, the pure, and the 1 elpful word, utterod without a thought that'could wish for zoncettlmeut. Tha poison ous, the death-dealing, the cruel, and the o'ow ardly—these the anonymous reserves for itself. This oue made no pretenco to sympathy.: 14 AsU bho uiau who calU himself your father who yuur mother was,'* it ran. " When I knew her she touk in washing. Her husbntid died a drunkard Whut will your beau's proud family. Buy to that ?" " It's nob foe mo, surely. Thero is some mistake," Elesnor said us she* Bnished " Hand ints the envelope—thut y*-)lovr one. Yes, it is uddre»srd to me. But what makes your hand tremble *o ? Nursey, you dear old tbiu^, come here. Push my pillow away, und sit down and get your arm tinder me, the way I've alniiys loved. The man's oriZ.y. He did not mi-un an iusuU. ban nob hurt me. Don't mind, dear. I cannot expect to escape anonymous letters. All famous people hwvo thorn," she added, laughing. With her left hand on the old woman's withered check she drew herfuce down touard* her owu, lyinu upturned und wreathed ih smiles on the surge's breast. 41 You're white as a ghost, fcuo. This ia not. right, mnv.ey. If I do not miud, you must not. If you do this way I will think you believe it,'' she »aid cheerfully, us ono sometimes comfort* and diverts u sobbing child. Martha rubbed her check once or twice across the girl's fair forehead. Bub she said uo word. After a moment, gently, as if JSIenNor whs hti)l the sleeping baby she once earned in her arms, she lifted the girl's stroug, firm hand th»t car essed and held hi-r ehi-ek, and laid it across the sheet, drew away the arm fiom under Eleanor, laid her head tenderly on the pillow that she smoothed, and, without » word, turned, still trembling, and left the room. 14 I *hall have to take un'o of her ip>w,n Eleanor said, when the door cloned. 14 I j;rv< r thought that she wan growing old. She minds things so that happen to mo. Poor soul ! i uuuil think of something very nice to tell her, something someone has smd to me, to muko her forget thifl. She does not know what awful letters people get. 1 suppose there were not any cranks in her day." Bu« Eleanor thought of nothing to tell her. Instead, she picked the ill- written letter up again and read it, turned it over, and read it again. Then «ho held it before her without ieliding, staring at it with wide-open eyes. There was absolute stillness in the room, ' except for the desultory spluttering ot Ihe J soft-coal (ire. Outside, the rubs Mill rumbled. : lileanor !ay without moving, staling at the letter. Suddenly who sprang up and. tossed Ihe i pp.per from her. ** Mow tavhil/' Mia ex- ' claimed, 11 Suppose 1 worti xomo'jevvoua or ! imaginative person P I'll bum it.'* | She Mopped wid read thu word* agaiu. " Suppose poor papa had seen it," nbe said, an3 aauk with the letter outspread before her on the edge of her «ofa. The sileuce of the rc om returned. Eleanor But?without moving. It was her father's cheerful little whistle na ho opened the front door below that at last aroused her, lie always signalled h*r this way. 41 I'm lute for pupa," sho said, lisuif; aud crushing the letter in her hand, *l Dear papa, I've never been so late before. Just a few moment*. I'll hurry," she called over the banistern. 41 1 had 80 many letters to-day." " I won't tell him," she ."aid as she dressed. But with her father's arms about her, 'lis dear fuee near l:er own, she broke down fc.nd read the letter to him. She was not usec\ to concealment.'; with him, even those she thought might spare him pain. Therr had never been any pain r*he had known before to Hpar-3 be tween them,or to yive her precedents to follow. •4, Nursey felt worse than I did," Eleanor added. *4 I told hor the man was crazy. You can tell by bin letter on this old half-sheet that he ia not a gentleman." Neither Eloanor nor her father drove that | day. The horhes cauie, waited before the door, and were sent away. Neither *as anyone who j came alniittc.d to the library. Bchiud its closed doors, through hour alter hour of that after noon, tile? Irugedy of two lives *ras played. To lSieunor the hardest part, at lirst, was not the thought of h*r humble birth, hut th<i fuct thai, this man she bad nailed her hither tvns bound to her by no ties of blood, nor she to him, ho prone are we all ill crisis and emergencies to look tirwt to the laws of flesh. Eton in her ^rief, when with the cry of the child she hold out her arms to him, something in her kept her from touching him. It woa the crudest stab of all to Irrinjf, though the tendernebs and com panion of the man made him understand the girl's reluctance. It was ouly after the awful dizziness and sense of blinding isolation that came from the sudden breaking of physical ties had pussed away that the confusion in her own mind wrs cleared, nod she h<-rse!f was uble to rise nbovs the ruin of her old beliefs to stand before him as she had done until new know ledge came in the ^lad certainty of a love all tendcrutss and protection* born of no physical bond, dependent on umie, .supreme in its law of sympathy and understanding. In berowu bedroom afterwards,thinking it all over, Iflleauor could ractill but little of their talk—only gestures, broken words, comforting caresses. There were three things, however, that stood out with dread and terrible distinct ness ; the picture of the youug woinan.ill al the time, bending over a wash- tub on the porch of a broken-down country house ; and the other picture of the child playing about the woman's feet—the child whose marvellous Uenuty hud attracted Mr. Imug ns he drove by. Then the desolation of the abandoned, brok< n-.iown house, from which the sick mother had disap peared when Mr. Irviug having left tb* child at home* with his own wife, drove out for ►. "a of the mother next day. Strangely enough, Eleanor had not thought of "Winthrop. It was the sight of his still un opened letter that recalled him. Martha had fouud it in the wrapper pucketand put it on her dressing-table. Martha, though Eleanor did not know it lay ut the time face dowuward on her own pillow in the little buck room upstair.*, her whole frame shaken with sub*. Sadder etcn thau a uum in tears is an old woman who ceies —cries with tbo passion and despair of youth. It never occurred to Eleanor to read Wiu tbrop's letter. Somehow she felt she could not until he knew the truth about her. Nor did it occur to her to conceal the truth from him. She was careful, however, not to dress hei s-lf iu the coU.urs or the clothes ho fancied most. A certain courage in her, a pride, per haps, a sudden new perception, hardly grasped, of what his love must bt», stood out agaiust all thought of wc»k advantage for. herself. She inovtd about with unbroken calm composure, tailing only once, when a fierce, quick surge ol feeling overwhelmed her, and tbrowiog her tiuht'clavped hands over her head she leaned her forehead against the door and cried, " Oh, C?od I I wanted to give him something with out fipot ®f blemish—1 love him so.'1 She lifted ber hand ami hold it palm out ward toward Wintbrop nhi-u, p. little later, lie OMiie forward to meet her in the parlour'below. "Not yet, Diok dear," she said—" not yet. I'irst, here's your own lelter. I never gave yun one of jinn's unopened before, Yon don't w«nt to take it. Ob, I don't wonder. But, Diok, read this." She watched his face as be read the crumpled sheet. There had never beou fear or oonceal* liieut between thorn. She was not afraid now. She bad no thought of tbu future, uuue of the past, and but one desire—that no shadow of uu tiuth should mar tbeperffet brightness between tUeni. She was consoicua of no anguish, no suspense, no (lcHlrti to turn her eyes away, as those huve who fear that revelations may bo uiiulc. Eleanor knew there wss nothing to dread Somehow the souls of these two had known each other drat. Richard Winthrop read the letter rapidly «itli indrawn breath. Then, dropping it, stepped quickly forward, his arms utheld too lileanor. " My little girl I" was all be said. •Atteiwards* the long silence dune when be held her oiose, he took her face between bis palms, ttudbeuiUug, kissed ber ou ber forehead, then upon both bunds. " These fare my refer ence for you, my lady, first," be said, •• before 1 touch your lips, my sweetheart. Dearest/' be added, with bis pulros on her cheeks a^uiu, " what *re any or all of these things to y&u; and me r" Martha slept ou a little cot by Eleanor's bed that night. All tbe tenderness of the girl was for the old woman. Sbe soothed her with gentle words, and listened while she was told stories of tho pretty child j*iveu her long Kgo to caro for, and of the love oT Mis. Irving for it— u love as tender as if the child hud been her own; and then of tho promise made by Martha, whrn Mrs. Irving was dying, that Martha would keep the little ^it 1 from all knowledge that would harm her. To Eleanor it seemed, as sb& waked next morning that the world of love was more beau tiful tbuu she had evt-r ilroxiucd— her liltle world with its three people nearest her, Mr. Irving, now more her father than ever. Win Ihrop, and Martha. The pain by which she had been taught its beauty was hs nothing to the glory of what she new knew its beauty to be. It was when htr truy with its hitters from tl e great social world outside was brought, Kiehara's daily letter tucked «uiuug them, that a .sudden piercing conscion«nesa camo to Iter of what that other world would say, to which be ^ud she also bore lelutionship—that great social world with its traditions and its customs, its biuding laws and shatp dividing lines. Au inevitable reaction followed, and she quailed before it, while with morbid senses, first awakened, she dwelt upon the power of boeial forces to destroy her, 44 Thoy bavo not loved mo nor courled me, but my position, the woman they thought I was with the blood of thr» Irvings iu my veins." She left her breukfast initiated, Winthrop's letter unread She movid about the room with restless step. 8be drcbsed alone, with long pauses. Now and then, for momeuts at a time, her head whs buried in her arm utrtttched alon'„r the edge of her drfssiag table. Two or three times sho locked out of ths windows of her >;ilting-M>om and turuetl away. *4 Oh, the world—Hie world !" she said, 41 Ought 1 to mnke KiotaaiM suffer V" A. oarringo stopped bofore hor door—a car riage with two men on the box. Eleanor stood by the window as if frozen, while the footman 1 sprxog to thu pavement, Two women utepped I cub—nn elderly lady tritti »oft jjrey huir aad proud poi«e of the head, and a youcger woman with grove f^ue. A 8barp cry broke from Ek*um>rT» lips as bhoy mouuted tho steps. 11 Dick's mother and Margaret ! I hud forgot- i ten to think of them. IIow can I over trll them ?" ' 4 JShe ran^ the bell for Martha, and stood by the closed door, trembling with suspense. " Nursey," she culled, as it opened But Martha had not- come. The woman who en tered was Mrs. Wintbrop. Mrs. Wiuthrop'a face was luminous. For the lirut time iSU-auor saw a look of Hiebard round the month. Mi« VVinthrop put both bauds on lOleanor's Hhoulders. '• My little yirl !" she ssid. The words, too, were like Richard's. 44 I have known all about ib for tweuty years." 