BIG GAME HUNTING IN AFRICA. AN ADELAIDE SPORTSMAN IN feOAlA LIL AND. The following are extracts from a letter icreived from a well-known Adelaide sportsman, who has just finished a shootin? trip in Somaliland: ™™ «wntiy there is tmy amount of gam? it you Lke to work for it. Our bae ? f th f? e ^ a n t a , six Eon£ U J e C «^-W'hich 1 don't do j* 1 -—cheetah, leopard, le8ser h S r i S J F ^ ^odoo, oryx, L ^ o f f ^ V 1 of * ^elle. I got K =L he 1 ^ lagged eight of the w w ^ cubs, besides getting two elephants which was the limit for one gun. Ihe shikari here is an awful fraud. He Knows nothing about the habits of gam* unless he is a Midgan, a low-caste fellow, wno lives by hunting with bows ami Pi 01 * 0 ?, j. ?Lmnvs - His oniv good poini is liiat be has wonderful sight, and can beasts in the jungle. He gets tremendously excited when he notices anything, ® nd . ne-always wants you to shoot. Evi-n if it is a small head or a doe he says '"Shoot," just as if it is a lion or an elephant, though the animal's head mav be away from you. I got rather sieb of my shikaris, and just let them carry mv rifle and did shikari myself, and found I was more successful for. it. We had excitinc times with elephants and lions. The usual dodge with iions was to get as near as possible, even within ten yards, and shoot the beast through the head. I was nearly caught one day by a lioness who had tubs. C had gone oat after koodoos, and I was waiting on the chance of kubber, when a camel man happened to see the tracks of a lioness and two cubs going to a Will close by. 1 gathered the men for a beat, and promised 20 rupees to the one who should spot the lioness in a cave. " (The hill was granite, and had a lot of holes like those in the rocks at Port Elliot.) Presently one of the men whistled, and I went to the place he was standing ever. It was a nasty spot, formed by a big "rock fallen down from the top ot the hill and propped up by toother rock with some bushes round it. The cainelman toid me that he had seen the lioness and two cubs at the entrance, and that they had gone in. I was not in any hurry to follow, but • tried to look in from erery side. The cave ' sloped upwards where it was dark, and tfcerc was an opening at another side. I peeped round the corner, and at last I thousrbt I could safe]v look by going behind a big stone inside the cave. When I pot behind it 1 saw the hind part of the lioness lying at the top of the cave, her r head and _ the rest of her body being behind another stone. I considered a bit, and came out and tried everything to bolt her, but nothing answered; so in I went again. This time she had shifted round, and her tail was the other way, her head out of Eight, facing towards the big entrance. Well, I thought, if I fire at her • pelvis it would disable her, or she would charge out of the cave at the beaters, who were shouting and talking on the rock overhead. /So I fired and ducked behind , the bjg stone. She did not utter a sound, but I thought I heard her drag her hindquarters. I peeped over the rock and could not see anything, as she had gone higher up the cave. 1 feit a bit lonesome and cam© cut for a breather. The headman in the meantime had come up the hill, and I told him I had wounded her. He said, "Will 1 send Scinali into cave?" 1 said "No." Then the fun began. I went in, and he insisted on coming with a spear and a hunt- ' tag knife. We got behind the big stone, and I told kin to stop there. I crept lit cle to the right, and between two stones r I could see the lower part of the chest of the lioness. She was aoove me, as the hill sloped upwards. I had to leave the big stone about live yards. I got as'low as I could, and fired at her chest. There was a terrible roar, and I bo'tc-d for my big stoue. The Somali had coine alongside or mo -as I was going to fire, and was in the _ way of my retreat. He covered his retreat by holding outi the spear in one hand and the hunting laiiie in the other, and as I went for the big stche I got the knife in my lower jaw near the ear. The blood . snouted all over my face and neck, and I thought he had fetched my carotid. I had time to anathematize, liim as he bolted out ^of the cave, and I after him, hanging on to my jaw, and the lioness after me. As I stnie out I turned to the left quickly, hoping the" lioness would catch the Somali. I slipped on some aloe and fell down about 20 feet, picked myself up, and stood behind a'rock. Here I found my carotid was not .cut, so I climbed up, and found the lioness dead at the mouth of tlie cave. Luckily my first shot broke both of her "hind legs at the hip, and she could only drag herself, or 1 would have been caught for a certainty.' I then looked for the cubs, and found them higher up in the cave. A cameiman took a spear up and knocked the eye out of one—the lion of course. The v two little beggai-s are playing under my bed now—they are about as big as collie . dogs, but much more solid. Tney don't like white, people, and always snarl ail , them. 1 had another day in a cave. We had • seen six lions en the same hill, and had .; shot. two, and noticing c-culd be found of , the others.' There were a lot of tumbled rocks near"'the' top of the hill, and I left ' the shikaris on these rocks arguing whether-a lion I had just tipped with a bullet and C' had lulled was his or mine/ I climbed down to look at a cave which I thought C and his shikaris "had been in, and looking round a rock I saw two lionesses and a big cub with their heads up listening to the shikaris overhead. 1 gammoned that I did not 'see them, and lighted out. I called up to C and toid him i had found three, and" told him to look out for a bolt. I had seen the lions tiirough a small hole, , and there were two' lai-ge openings on the /other aide of the cave. I let tiy at the nearest head, and it dropped. I waited tiil the smoke cleared, and gave the left to the other head, and it dropped. The cub bolted, but C -'s chance was spoiled by the beaters yelliup and turning it bac-k. • We found a splendid lion two days .after oq the same lull. 1 could have shot him once, but I thought G would get a giiot at hira. He was walking across a fiat . rock sixty yards off, and looked a boomer. Iiowever, he got away from one hill, and *' we tracked him for four hours, and ended by' finding him asleep under some thick bushes, where C burst his skull for him at about ten yards oft. He was a real beauty, with a thick mane, for a wonder. That week—the week before Christmas— we bogged six lions and lionesses and :.cau?ht two cribs. Our best day with lions was good fun. We had moved very close to the Abyssiaian frontier, and I meant to poach their Hons, as the Abyssinians had sent me a • Ir-tter to sav that I was not to come near their borders. We had heard liens roar • tv.-o lions. V. T e followed these tracks for ! some miles, wheu we noticed that two ! ovhr-r tracks jcined them, the whole four : croing towards a large wooded hill. Thev ! srpmed to have changed their minds, and ; rc'ade for the open country, where soli-' tr.ry thom-trees "were dotted here and I tlicie. — As we v.. were following the tracks we saw a lion Set up from under i a thoin-tree, and lis dowrn in the shade : acaii!. Shorfiv aft^r another rose and ; did the same." We loaded our rifles and i went up quietly to them. The grass was < barrel as quickly as I could and snapped j at him, and dowa he fell also.. I thought [ it very 'fine sport—thre? lions in three shots ' —and I was talking to C , who was j cboi;t 30 yards off by the tree, and saying : that the suorc did not last long when sud- j denlv 1 saw a native who had come up , bv vr.e bolt, and the shikari veiled out, i "He is comivig." I kad not loaded. I looked round and saw lion No. 4 coming at iv.P with sreat bounds and grunting ; iioiribly. IlisTmane at eveiy bound stood : up hi the air, an<L-he looked horribly j comif al. I was feeling for my cartridges j in my nocket when No. 3, who was a ; lioness, "seemed to jump out of the grass : about 30 yards oii- and lead the charge on me. I tJioui'.ht it very unfair at_ -•'- the \- time, but T~ never counted on C . I had iust got loaded when there was a . sci'.ttervfj vol lev from his party at the trse. Mv shikari was amongst them, and the big li-m stouped aud fell, C having got his ri;le olf at last.. The lioness was not \- to be denied, and I broke her back about : 15 yards off. The shikaris had shot the 1 ,3<i3 01T without orders, and had not . touched a hair. I felt very much relieved when we had the Hods all stiff. I had broken No. 4's hoek with my first shot, ami the lioness 1 had bit in the stem, the bailet—a hollow front with a ; small hole—had not raked her as a sob'd one would have done, but stopped in the stomach after breaking the hind leg high of.' '£h&\- ;three lions bad manea, aud the lioness was very thick set and muscular. We had ten miles to go to camp, and did not go there till after dark. Our men were very unc<isy about the Abyssinians, and, as our water ran out after another week, we shifted back.^We never saw any more lion tracks, but there were thousands of Jiartebc.'t, gazelle, oryx, and other animals. Vi e <!irf not shcot any, as shooting harlebeest is like shoo tins cows. Wc covered miles of country looking for lions, and the news c,nuo that there were two near the bis crock: so we went back to find the report only a mse to fet-1) lis from the Abyssinian border. The Somali are in a terrible funk over the Abyssinians, and I think thnt n an Abvssiiiian had turned up they would have ail bolted. The sport 1 liked best was, hunting c?ephaut*. We were very lucky, as tlioy .seu?iwUy stop in the reserve; but it hapt's-Uv^t to rain and fill up some of the •tvsVerhoVs, and the elephant? wont out We got news that they v.vre waters^ we moved camp. The lirst day 1 w»( bv myself, as C was not well. I staMevi'off'at 5 n.in.—there was hoar frost the- r.round-—and made for the "count rv wlww the elephants l:p.d been Keen feeding the dav before. The Somali shikari* knew absolutely nothim; about elephants or hnniing them, find of course wanted to co down wind. However, after u-ini; all the bad language 1 had comir.and of in Hindostnnee and Eupiish, I made them po well down wind .Wore we struck up for the thick iungle. It was lucky Hint 1 did. for we had hardly got into it, and I had sent one man up a tree to look round, when we heard sr. elephant tvumjtet not quarter of a mile away. The shikaris wanted to go straight for the trumpeter, whioli was to one side of us, and which would have given the elc-nhants our wind. I took charge then, and took a round, and came up, and could hear the elephant breaking trees down. I got nearer, and saw a mob of them not 300 yards off. There were two calves about the size of a hinpo. close to me- The srrub was ooraoosed of thorn trees about fifteen feet high, hard to see tlirouprh, and impossible to rim through. The shikaris the whole time were whispering, '-'Shoot! shoot!"—their only idea of a shikari's duty. I got closer, and saw the biggest elephant- of the mob. He was stern on, and the shikari was at my ejbow, and kept saying, "Shoot! shoots'" _ After gentlv reminding hjm that his advice was not wanted, I waited till the elephant slewed round and showed me his ribs, and I gave him a 10-bore steel-cored bullet behind the shoulder. He whipped round in a fury, trumpeting like anything, tearing down a tree, and Kicking up no end of a slime. The other elephants stampeded a short wav, and then came back to one side of me. I was looking out for another bull, when I saw him coming through the bushes at .me. He had his trunk up, and there was bloody froth at the end ot it. I reckoned it time to qoit, and ran down wind, so as to get a shot at his shoulder again. Jlr. Elephant ploughed on, and then stood trying the wind with his trunk. I got up fairly close, and gave him a right and left in the ribs, and ditto witfi the other rifle. This did not seem to affect him at alL It was like shooting at a haystack. and apparenty made iust as much impression on him. He walked on for a few yards, and then stood under a small tree "and laid down and died. The otiher elephants in the meantime were loafing round, and I ran out to get a shot at another; but I could not shoot at a bull, as a big cow and calf were in the way as they retreated. After chasing them till 1 was blown I gave it up. The elephant I shot was pretty lai^e, but his tusks were small. The elephants in this country have very poor tusks, as the feed for them is not tiDO plentiful. Several -blank days followed this. We usually started at 5 a.m., and did not get back till 7 p.m., travelling the whole time. A few davs afterwards two men and C and se'lf went out further. At last we came on fresh elephant tracks. They were another herd, and we saw some natives who had seen them that morning. We cantered after their tracks, and presently heard a trumpet. Off we got, and stalked them. They were larger elephants than m the other mob. I acted shikari, and got up close to them, and was looking out for the biggest for C when he could not resist nis shikari's appeal of "Shoot! shoot!" and let flv at one, hitting it too far back. I pulled at his elephant with my left barrel, but the rifle would not go off. . I had already loosed my right at one, and hit it high up as it was rushing through the bushes. We tracked the elephants, and found that our other Somali had galloped after them and frightened them away. We found some blood tracks, but these the beautiful shikaris lost; and, the other Somali having cleared out, we went back to camp. The next time we got on to these elephants I had a shot at the biggest. I hit hit him behind the shoulder with my right, which turned him round, and I gave him the left on the other side. He eventually gave ud the ghost on C shooting him in front of the left ear. On our return six weeks after we heard that C ; s elephant had been found and the tusks taken; so I told the headman to get them. He threatened to loot the village nearest to the dead elephant, and the tusks were brought in next day. All the elephants had cleared back to the reserve; so we did not get another. Four were all we were allowed to kill. 