THE CHOSTS OF WOOIVSTOCK 1 One rf tfce befc stories oT ft haunted bonw it tiuit which b related of the Boyal Palace at Woodefcock in the year 1649, when the minmtBsioiiere sent from London i by tbe I-oog Parliament to take possession ? of it and efiace ail tbe emblems of Royalty ^ about it, irere fairly driven bnt by their 5 fear of tiie devil, and the annoyances tbey Etifiered from & rogairh cavalier, who played ; the imp toad miration. The commissioners, . dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the 13th of October, 1649. \ They took np their Lodgings io the Lite King's apartments, turned the beautiful bedroome and -sridtdrswisg room? into kitchens and sculleries ; tbe council-hall into a brew -hoaee, and made tbe dinine room a place to keep firewood in. They ^ pulled down all the insignia of Boyal State, j and treated witb tbe utmost indignity | everything that recalled to their memory I tbe name of the King. One Giles Sharp J accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with tbe greatest zeaL He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was . called tbe King's oak, and tossed tbe frag ments into the dining-room to make cheer ful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they beard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to suspect tbey had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own ac cord. On the fifth -day something came into tbe bed -chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the withdra wing-room made so much noise with it that they thought five church bells were ringing in their ears. On the sixth day the plates and dishes were thrown up and down tbe dining room. On the seventh day they penetrated into -the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usurped tbe soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eight and ninth nights there »a- a cessation of hoetaiitier, but oo tbe teqth the bricka iu tbe chimney* became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the fioors and round tbe beads of the commissioner* ail the night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away witb their breeches, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter platters that thev could not get into them. On the thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with s fit- of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the bouse. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieces of artil lery had been fired of? and a shower of pebble -scones, which so alarmed tbe com missioners that, 'struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help.'' j They first of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the evil spirits, but, these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would cot be much better to leave the place altogether to the devil that inhabited iu They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sine betook themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it wuf merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the suc ceeding night they heard no noises they began to flatter themselves that the devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly tc take up their quarters for the whole winter in tbe palace. These symptoms on their part became the signal for renewed uproar among tbe fiends. On the 1st of November they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace up and doa-n the with drawing-room, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their eats. On tbe 2nd the steps were again heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, -which continued for about a quarter of an hour. , This soise having ceased, a large warming-pao was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the Jwithdrawing-ropm armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and sat up making fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abun dance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They were deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles were blown out, they \- knew not how. Some of the servants, who had betaken themselves to bed, were \- drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their ? linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles red with tbe blows they had at the same time received from some in visible tormentors. While they were stall speaking there was a noise like the loudest thunder or the firing of a whole park of artiligry, upon which they all fell down upon their knees and implored the protec tion of the Almighty. ^ One of the commissioners then arose, the ^ others still kneeling, and asked in a coura ' ' geous voice and in the name of God who -was there, and what they had done* that i ' they should be troubled in that manner, i No anewer was returned, and tbe noises ! oeased for awhile. At length, however, as : . the commissioners Eaid, ' the devil came 1 again, and brought with it seven devils ' \- worse than ifcseli.' Being again in dark- I ness, they lighted a candle and placed it in ?, . the doorway that it might throw a light ' upon the two chambers at once, but it was i * suddenly blown out, and one commissioner I said that, he had '' seen the similtude of a I ' horse's hoof striking the candle and candle stick into the middle of the chamber, and : afterwards making three escapee on the snuff to put it out.' Upon this the ; , person was so bold as to draw his sword ; bnt he asserted positively that he bad j ., hardly, withdrawn it from the scabbard j before an invisible hand seized hold of it and tugged witb him for it. and, prevail ing, struck him so violent a blow with the j ? rpGaamel thai he wag quite stunned. Then the noises began again, npon which, -with one accord, they all retired into the pre -»noe chamber, where they passed the night pmymg and singing psalms. They .vaa. \--iselees to struggle any longer with Mi» ^powers of evil, that seemed determined to' ; ro*ke Woodstock thsir^wnr The#® ttonea . j =h^ppefate|i bn,: 'ttie -'.Saturday nighty andj - tfte^jSubday, return to LandoD. By Tuesday morning early all their preparations were completed, ^ * ▼cting Woodstock and all its inhabitants to the infernal gods, they finally took their ^ departure. j Many years elapsed before the true cause j of these disturbances was discovered. It ! was ascertained at the Restoration that th$ ; whole was tbe work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of tbe commissioners. This man, whose real name was Joseph Collins, j was a concealed Royalist, and had passed j his early life within tbe bowers of Wood- , stock., so that he knew every bole and cor- 1 ner of the place, and the numerous trap doors and secret passages that abounded in : the building. The commissioners, nevei auapecting tbe true state of his opinions, : but believing him to be revolutionary to tbe backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon htm ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed to bis own great amosement and that of tbe few cavalier* whom he let into tbe secret. j 