AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. There was EL capital liouse at the Theatre Royal last night, when the second performance of "The Irish Detective" was given by ill-. Riggs and his dramatic company. The piece ran with the same spirit aud smoothness as on the previous evening. The inimitable impersonations for which Riggs is responsible in the unravelling of the plot were presented with force, power, and dramatic realism. The scenery and mountings are in keeping with the excellence of the production. "The Irish Detective" will be played to-night for the last time. "The Shadows of a Great- City".(by special arrangement with Messrs. Williamson and Muagrove) will be presented to-morrow night. Mr. Riggs will appear as Biddy liotman. "The Shadows of a Great City" is a new dra.mii of considerable power, which is described as abounding in striking and original situations and general interest, with fresh and sparkling dialogue. It is said that 3Ir. Biggs Biddy Roonan is irresistible. BIJOU THEATRE. The public - favour which is being bestowed 0 1 1 the Leslie Brothers' Xew Minstrel and Speciality Union was testified by the large and interested audience which occupied the Bijou Theatre on Thursday evening. Hie programme gave complete satisfaction. The Leslie Brothers were much in evidence, and were res;>orisible fcr many ac-hing sides as the result of their amusing sketches. ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS. The last orchestral concert of the season will be given to-morrow evening in the Town Hall. A splendid programme is -announced. Full particulars appear in our business columns. On Tuesday evening a concert was given at Walkervilie by the Federal Concert. Company in aid of the widow and family of the'late Mr. G. Spamon, who was accidentally killed through a fall of earth in the Xortli Boulder Mine, Western Australia: The hall was packed io the doers. Songs ere rendered bv Misses A. G. Percy, Maud an acrobatic song and dance were given by Beatty Brothers, and Irish airs on tiie autobarp were contributed by Mr. Merchant. The entertainment v.as concluded with a fares entitled "The \Va5kerville Ghost, in which Messrs. T. and J. Beatty and S. Percy took part. The second oi" the organ recitals arranged by the C'itv Council wiii be given by Mr. U. Sanders at the Town Hall this evening. A popular anddiversifiedprogramme has been arranged, containing a number of .Mendelssohn's compositions, selections from "Miiritana." Clarke's "Chorus of angels,"' \\\ legand's "Orizaba" gavotte, and other pieces. 