They walk the Night. THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. The numberless superstitions which beset humanity in the past are almost gone, and with rapid strides the world becomes daily more matter of fact. Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe in them. Its habit nowadays is to want to put its hands on things, to know by touch as well as sight that the things are there before it believes, but nevertheless ghosts move here and there in the throngs, and intelligent people are convinced that they are actually super- natural visitors. A case in point is the Benton ghost, which is attracting much attention. A farmer named John W. French and his wife were the first to see the apparition. They live in the country near Benton, and were driving home one night from a neigh- bour's. The road passed an old church, moss covered and surrounded by a grave overgrown with shrubbery and filled with the bones of hundreds who once tilled the soil in the locality. Ten years ago an aged man who lived alone not far from the church and visited the graveyard almost daily to pray over the resting place of some relative, was foully murdered for the store of gold he was supposed to have hidden about his hermit abode. The robbers and murderers escaped justice, and the luckless greybeard was buried in the graveyard where he spent so much time. Just as French and his wife drew within sight of the white headstones in the churchyard the horses reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror. French was alarmed, and, suspecting highwaymen had been scented by the horses he reached for a gun, but before his hand touched it he was startled by a scream from his wife. Clutch- ing his arm, she pointed straight ahead and gasped : " Look, John. Look!" Far down the road, just beside the glim- mering monuments of the old graveyard, he saw an apparition. It was that of a man with a long white beard sweeping over his breast. The figure appeared to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it carried a club, such as the brains of the old man had been beaten out with ten years before. Slowly raising one arm, the ghost with a majestic sweep beckoned French to come on. He was too startled to do anything except try to restrain the prancing horses, which were straining at the harness in at- tempts to break away and run. A cold sweat started out all over the body of the farmer as he realised that he was at last looking at a ghost, and then the sound of his wife's voice came to him, begging him to return the way they had come and escape the doom which seemed impending. French was still too much scared and excited to control the horses, and as he gazed stead- fastly at the fearful white object in the road it slowly began to move toward them. The club was now raised to its shoulder, as a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered his faculties. Whirling his team around, he lashed the horses into a run and sat out for the house of the friend he had just left. When they arrived there, both the man and his wife were almost fainting from fright. The next man to see the ghost was Mil- ton Moon. He had the reputation for being not only a man of intelligence, but one without fear. His experience was much the same as that of the Frenches, and it brought about several investigations by parties of people. In each case they saw and were convinced of the actual presence of the ghost without being able to discover any satisfactory explanation. An interesting American ghost is that which is said to dwell in the Forbes manor house at Bath-on-the-Hudson, near Albany. One night about thirty years ago the manor house was the blazing scene of a social gathering. Just what out of the ordinary happened that night nobody in Bath knows. But something did happen, for everybody in Bath says so. At any rate, it was a gala night, but the next morning all the servants excepting four faithful ones, who had been with the family for many years, were dis- charged, and shortly after breakfast all the members of the family left the manor house in carriages. No good-byes were said. Behind them they left their beautiful home as it had been the day before. On the mantels and dressers were the pictures of friends ; in the bureaus and lockers and chests were their clothes; on the desks their letters and papers. Trinkets lay on the tables forgotten. The doors were locked, the curtains pulled down, and the house closed for all time. A man in black is said to walk that house every night, mumbling and moaning as he passes up and down the broad stairway. Scores of people assert that they have heard him, and a few say that they have seen him. One of the latter describes him as follows : His hair was long and curly and parted on the side, his eyes were bright, his featured clearly cut, and his face pain. He was smooth shaven, and wore a high standing collar and a black bow and stock. He was in evening dress and wore no jewellery ex- cept a gold fob. For a moment be ceased mumbling. and then began moaning and walked away. He passed the door, walk- ing toward the stairway. The ghost hunter tiptoed to the door and watched him ascend- the stairway till he was half-way to the top, when he stopped aa though he had encoun- tered another person. He raised his hands appealingly, and fell backward with a shriek that rang throughout the house and was answered by the echoes. His head struck a marble step, and thinking he had been injured the watcher rushed to the spot. He saw nothing. The history of this ghost is tightly locked with the family, who now live in the old Forbes mansion, New York. Paul Simeon Forbes purchased the manor house in 1850 from the Van Rensselaers, with 600 acres of land. He paid 93,000 dollars for it, which was considerably less than the cost of the house, the land being practically thrown in. The manor house is now the property of a Boston man, Nathaniel Stone. The ancient houses of England have al- ways been favourite haunts of ghosts. Sussex, which, of all the English counties, has retained its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little visited district, which was once the centre of England's iron industry. There is the headless man of St. Leonard's forest, known as Squire Paulett, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman entering the forest and remains there until clear of it. There is the drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Black dogs, a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over England, haunt all dark fanes and lone byroads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a woman may be seen spinning, while on the old cattle road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove way, a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night incessantly spinning charcoal. Norfolk is another county which teems with ghosts. There is a pale, long- haired woman who runs shrieking among the pit on Aylmerton Heath. There is a great black " shuck dog —the word " shuck" is said to mean the devil—which has a blazing eye in the centre of his forehead, and has a brother at Peel Castle, in the Isle of Man, the spirit of a murdered prisoner. Then young Lord Dacre, who was murdered in 1565 by his guardian, Sir Richard Ful- merston, who arranged that a rocking horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Blickling Park once a year in a hearse like coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her lap, and her father, Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there is another coach and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight and, with its load of four headless dripping white robed ladies, passes slowly round the field and sinks again, and tradi- tion says that at this spot long ago a bridal party were upset into this pool and never seen again. 