A Bush 'At Home.' A Sketch. BY ROBERT RICHARDSON. ? ' '''.'''??'' ... . Mr. Harry Troaoott, tho hospitablo owner y of Kaludah Station, had built himself a new bungalow, and was giving a house-warming danoo. Every man and woman in Yarrawyn who wuh supposod to bo able to danoo, and a good many moro who made no suoh claims, wore invited.' Tho invitation cards ran thus : M». H. Tkkscott, At Homo, Wfidnasdav. Sentombor Fifteenth.. Valso Soxxloment. R.S.V.P. Tho stylo, as tho Americans say, of this card rather surprised some of us. Trosaott was a fino follow, but had always boon a plain man, and had oortainly novor .rnado any claims to being a Frenoh Boholar of tho simplest sort. Evidently some one had boon shepherding him in tho programme for his houso-warming. Wo knew that yoving Poroy Sof ton of the Treasury was up staying with him. Poroy was a man about town, and up-to-date in all fashionable doings. .This sort of invitation was now to .the citizens of the littlo up-country town, ' Wl^at side I' was tho general comment upon it. But wo all wont to tho danoo, for Harry was a groat favourite. Ho was a bachelor of thirty-fivo, one of tho best bushmon in tho neighborhood, and already on tho high road to indopondonoo. Tho .demand for 1 buggies and traps of every kind that night strained tho rosouroos of Yarrawyn. In an unguardod moment of generosity I had promiHod my own buggy to a friend, think ing I could procure one by some means on the night, of the dance. But all we oould got at the last .moment was a vohiolo, which I verily boliovo, must have been the very first buggy built in, or imported into,,the colony. For antiquenoss oi build it might have rivalled the wonderful one-hoss shay. It had no lamp braokets,and, as the. moon did not riso till late, driving lamps were an absolute nooossity for our journey. It waR a doublo buggy and our party consisted of four, two ladies and two men. With muoh labour and ingenuity my companion managod to rig up a oonplo of lanrps. The distance from Yarrawyn to Kaludah is about five miles, and the road to it through tho bush is a sufficiently rough one. In the daytime, with a sure footed horse, and a light buggy, there is nothing in the journey to complain of, but on a dark night, in a ramshackle shandry-dan suoh as ours, and with a oouplo of make- shift lamps, the oase was considerably different. Wo had hardly 'entered the bush before wo discovered that there was a heavy soa on, for the old craft Bwayed and osoillated from side to side, like' a ship in -a oross current. - 'Presently it discontinued this side-to-side motion, and substituted a straight up-and-down action which oausod us to perform spasmodic vaults into mid-air as though we were a quartette of Jaoks-in* tho-box workod by hidden ' and vioious springs, which every rut and stone in the road discovered. ' Wo had hardly made half' our journey when another mishap be fell us } one of our lamps giving up tho ghost with a sudden groan and splutter, and wo wore obliged to go sounding on a dim and darkling oourso Toy the aid of its sur viving oompanipn on'tho larboard side, The steering now became most one-sided and difficult, and again and again we narrowly escaped shipwreck against a protruding bough or wayside log, for the old craft came up to her helm with anything but ease or alacrity. It was no slight strain both on one's nerve and philosophy ; none the less bo because the ladies on the back seat, who must have been enduring agonies and were literally clinging on with hand and foot, gave no sign either of their discomfort or their fears. For myself I felt very much in clined to apostrophise our old tub on wheels as Milton does the ship in ' Lycidas,' ' Built in the eclipse and rigged with curses dark.' ^ . But at last we reached Kaludah, and the toils and discomforts of the 'middle pas sage' were largely discounted by the geniality of our i eception by our host. Trescot's house was a large and commodious one, built on the cottage plan like nearly all bush houses. Every room in it to-night had been utilised for the reception of .the guests. The two largest apartments were arranged as ball- rooms, the musicians being placed in the passage between them. These consisted of a violinist and a pianist. There was to have been a 'third harmony,' a flautist, but this artiste had in some mysterious way lost his instrument in the journey from town. If he had had a trip anything like our own in vicissitude and peril, I do not wonder at it, but the flautist's happiness was wrecked for the evening. He seemed to feel that he was among us on false pretences^ and wandered aimlessly about through the' various rooms lamenting his loss to this one and that, with -a dolefiuness of tone arid a lugubriousness of visage that contributed at least to our amusement, and perhaps eased the soreness of his own heart. ...More than half the expected guests had assembled when we reached Kaludah, and presently the rooms were as full as they could well hold. The dancing began with a quadrille, and went with great spirit and vigour from the start. The programme that was marked ' valse seulement' contained every possible example of terpsichorean art that has been danced for a generation back, whether in town or country. Several of these have been long since dead and for gotten in fashionable circles, and I now saw performed with the utmost precision and verve measures that I had not seen since my school days. During a few minutes' chat which Fred Mansfield, the surveyor,- and I had with Trescott, who was here, there and every where among his guests; and who yet seemed to be dancing all the time^ I said, 'The; town has turned out in immense force to-night, Harry, to do honour to your house-warming. Everybody seems to-be here from miles round.' 'You're up, to the mast head for style, too,' said Mansfield. 'Rows rings round anything we have had here for years past ; but your invitation card has been puzzling us, old man. What' do you mean by put ting ' valse seulement ' on it ?' . 'Oh, that's allcorreot,' answered Harry, ' that's what everybody puts on their cards in town now. .You take my word for it; it's the very latest tip.' , 'Yes, but if you write 'waltz only' on your card, why - don't you stiolc to it ? We're at the tenth number now, and we haven't had more than half waltzes.' ' 'Does 'valHe seulement' mean 'waltz only ?' ' said Trescott, his jolly, sunburnt face visibly lengthening. 'Why, of oourse.' 'Why that young villian Sef ton told me it meant 'danoing from 0 till 2.'' Mans field smothered his laughter in his handker ohief , and I was. in the same case. ' Well, as a matter of faot, it does usually amount to that,' I said. 'It's what we used to call at sohool a free translation. I didn't know Sefton was a humorist. But there isn't any harm done, Harry.' But Harry was evidently not a little chagrined. 'Never -mind,' he murmured, 'Lofton's to be with me a few days more, and I h'aven't put him outBide a buok jumper yet. I did think of sparing him.' Being past the time of life myself when a man feels it inoumbont on him' to danoo through tho whole programme, I had loisuro to study tho proceedings as a specta tor. The two musician's were worth a little notice. The one was the very' antithesis of the other. ' Violin waq, a tall lithe dark man, vive and nervous, and full of eleotrioal energy. Piano was. a short, stout stolid young man who took his oue in everything from 'his senior. Mackintosh, the violinist, sustained the burden of the work, invariably playing the air, while Dempster did little more than vamp, Between them, however, they produoed really excellent danoe musio, for Mackintosh waB a natural genius in his way, and played through a programme as if he were enjoying the whole thing himself, a very rare'oiroumstanoe in professionals of his olass. ( It was not morojy in the musioal part of the programme that Dempster followed the load of his partner. At various stages of the evening' both men wore oonduoted by our host to a little buffet in an adjoining room and refreshed against another stage oi the programme. 'What will you drink. Mackintosh ?' Trosoot asked on tho first of these occasions, ' I think KJ1 take a glass of beer, air,' ' And you, Dempster ?' x ' I'll just drink what Mackintosh drinks, Mr. Trescott,' Next time Mackintosh chose claret cup, and to Trescott's query Dempster answered 'You may give me the same as Mackintosh.' When the musicians had their supper and the usual formula was once more put to. Violin, he elected to take whiskey and soda, and once more Dempster thought he would ' just split' with Mackintosh. These were the only three remarks Dempster was heard to make during the evening. It is not unlikely that this reliance of piano on his senior's judgment in beverages was founded upon experience. He had come to learn that his partner knew pretty accurately the most judicious and sustaining form of refreshment for the different stages of the evening. Besides Percy Sefton we had another young exquisite among us to-night. Mr. Lancelot Vane had just returned to the colony from a four years' residence in England, and had completed his education at Cambridge. He had brought back with him to Australia the very latest 'Varsity manners, and the rooted conviction that nothing outside the walls of Cambridge arid Oxford was worth knowing, or having, or doing. He had been one week in Paris and one in Boulogne, and invariably referred to these experiences as his ' European travels.' He had top-dressed the slow high-pitched Australian intonation unto which he was v born with a very superior and high-class English accent, which consisted chiefly in making every word which should end in ' r' end in 'aw,' sounded very deep, down in the throat. Lancelot Vane bestowed a good deal of His attention to-night upon Nelly Ralston, one of the belles of the dis trict. Nelly was very pretty, very quick tongued, and an irreclaimable flirt. But she was, a thorough little country girl at heart, with country ways and speech, and country likings. She was very frank and merry with ypung Vane,'who concluded that he was making an impression on the pro vincial beauty, whereas she was to a large extent laughing at him, and treasuring up- . his affections for the amusement of her friends to-morrow. ' You've had a very good time in Europe, I understand, Mr. Vane,' 1 overheard her say at supper. '. ' 'Oh, yes, a bally good time. Fact is,,$ Miss Ralston, Europe quite— ah, — spoils a' man — ah — for this country.' ' It hasn't spoilt you, Mr. Vane. We should be all thankful for .that.' ' . 'Don't think you quite take me, Miss.. . Ralston. What I mean is, everything in the old country is — ah— so ? ' ' So old,' interrupted Nelly. ' Just so. I see your strong point is re partee, Miss Ralston. But 'you've located it; so old, and settled, and matured. The' very scenery of England seems a growth. It's history is green with the mosses of centuries.' 'And ours is green with the greenness of extreme youth,' remarked Nelly. ' _ ' We nave no tradition in Australia. Our- . historical background is non,- existent. It is a great loss,' continued Vane. 'It is,' acquiesced Nelly, pathetically: 'It reminds me of what Artemus Ward onoe said when he first saw the Tower of London : ' Oh, my unhappy country thou hast not got no Tower.' ' I had been sitting next to the pairn but had to leave the supper room at this moment with my own partner. It seemed pretty evident that young Vane was not getting: muoh change out of Nelly. Ralston. t To-night we have every possible illustra tion of waltzing. Young Lanoelot Vane's idea of trois temps seems to be to get as little motion and exercise out of the measure ? as is compatible with danoing it at all. He circles, round 'his partner in a sort of nondescript shuffle, holding her at extreme arms' length. The problem with him is i manifestly how to dance, yet not to danoe. '? The expression of face whioh he cultivates while, waltzing is ono of bored endurance, V and hie look says plainly: 'This sort of thing is all well enough for girls, and very young , men, but I have done a. great deal too muoh of it in my time for it to afford me any entertainment.' . The. waltzing of Mr. Felix O'Hara, the distriot Polioe Magistrate, is exaotly the reverse of all this. Felix is a jolly-faced gentleman of 50, with a flowing grey beard, and of great activity. When he began his danoing days, the deux temps was the fashion. He has tried to change his style with every new and fashionable step, has never quite suooeeded in mastering the modern methods, and his waltzing is now an odd mixture of the old and the new, whioh is not a little puzzling to his partners, but perfectly satisfactory to Felix himself. He puts his conscience into his waltzing, and tho eartneusness of his intention, and his extraordinary enthusiasm, change the hearty expression of his ruddy faoe into one of intense and concentrated gravity, mingled, however, with a manifest pride in his own performances. Every now and then he oasts a scornful and pitying glance at the mincing affootations of young Vane, and then throws a satisfied look round the room, as who should say, ' Now, how is this for style?' The danoe broke up among the small and very early hours. There was now a clear bright moon across our homeward path, and the return journey was made under much more favorable circumstances than our drive out had been. Still nothing could make it a pleasant one, with such a buggy over a country road. , The driver suffered most, for he could not hold on, and every now and then he would be shot into the air, meeting the remorseless seat of the buggy a little too soon on the return trip. But we had had a very pleasant evening, and when the lights of Yarrawyn were again sighted, we agreed that when Harry Trescott gave his next chivoo we wished for nothing better than that, we should all be there to see, and assist. Athenceum Club, Sydney. August 3. An old subscriber at Brewongle writes : ' Your paper is excellent, and stands a striking contrast to the pondering journals of the metropolis.' A traveller, meeting a settler near a house in the backwoods, the following colloquy occurred: — 'Whose house?' ' Noggs'.'' 'What's it built of?' ' Logs.'^ 'Any neighbors?'1 'Frogs.' 'What's the soil ?' 'Boss.' ' The climate ?' 'Fogs.' 'What ' do you eat?' ' Hogs.' ' How do you catoh them ?' ' Dogs.'— Pittsburg ' Chro nicle.' ? .? \ ? ' My friend was asking me whether you „ » were an officer in the regular army,' said the Kentuoky gentleman's1 friend. 'No, sah,' was the prompt and indignant reply. ' The title I wear was bestowed upon me in appreciation of my personal qualities and not because I happened to be somebody's son.' . ? ' It's too bad,!' said the man with heavy boots and chin whiskers. 'There's a big ship oalled the Indiana, and one. oalled the Massachusetts, an' ho on.. But Where's the New Jersey?' ' Never mind,' replied his oompanion. ' We ain't slighted. I under stand they's a hull bounch o' boats known as the mosquito fleet. '—Washington ' 'Star. ' The happiness of the winner involves the misery of the loser. This kind of aotion is therefore essentially anti-social, sears the sympathies, cultivates a hard egoism, and so ' produces a general deterioration of oharaoter and ooiiduot. — Herbert Spencer ' The -sunlight falls upon a olod, and the olod drinks it in, is warmed by it itself, but lies as blaok a? ever, and sheds out no light. But tha sun touohes a diamond, and the ? diamond almost ohills itself as( it sends out in radianoe on every side the light that has fallen upon it. The oommunioating of a man's sejf to his friend works two oontrary effects, for it re- , doubleth joys andouttebh griefs in half j for there is no man that imparteth his joys to his friend, but he joyoth the more, and no man that imparteth his griefs to his friend, : but he grieveth the less.— Bacon. Let the men who despise religion learn first to know ib } let them see it' as it la the inward happy crisis by which human life is transformed and an issue opened up. towards the ideal life. All human develop ment springs from it and ends in it. 