DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright'.] Thrilling Narratives of the Bushranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART II. 'If those trees could only talk,' mur mured Koenan, ' what n great deal more wo should know. That big fellow could tell us all about tho poor wretch beside it. At any rate, he couldn't have died of thirst,' he went on as he waded a small creek to continue his work. ' There 'is water enough about here to swim a Blltp il iu HUB lltl ^UMIULUU kUgOblUU. They say thirst is tho worst kind of death to meet, but 1 suppose it's all the same in the end. It might have been hunger, though that's not very likely, as there is a little food about hero — if one can only get hold of it. Surely we've given it a Christian burial ns well as we could, though ic would have been all the bettor for the priest. Wo can't help that now. I sed a prayer myself over the relics, and we are tould the prayers of a good inan availeth much. Confound that sprig I Oh, the curse of Cromwell on it I 'TiB fifty foet long, an' sure I've bin cuttin' at it for five minutes. Are ' you there, Weaton ?' This was about the burthen of Keenan's soliloquies during tho day. He kept WeBton well at hand, and if the latter's axe failed to indicate his whereabouts the Irishman soon hailed him. The particu lar part of the district where the body had been found was the worst which the surveyors had bo far encountered, and slow progress was made. Every day or so the camp, which was well equipped, was shifted nearer to the terminus of the truck, and on the day following the.grueBome discovery it waB ' carried to a point not fifty yards from the monster stringy-bark tree, beneath whioh the boneB were laid. The men as a body were not at all superstitious. Except the leader and Keenan, who, like Richard the Third, were more afraid of shadowB at night than the substance of ten thousand men, the others would as soon face a ghost as run away from it. This was a fact which did much to ensure the harmony of the camp and stamp Edwards's party as the beBt for rough wild work in the colony of Van Dieman's Land. During the day Keenan was a ghost in himself, but at ..night tho cry of tho curlew seemed to him a repetition of the Banshee's wailing, and he allowed imag ination to unsurp the place of reaBon. \- The usual practice of a surveyor's camp is to have one regular cook, but in Edwards's this rule was departed from, and Walsh, Jones, aDd Keenan took week about at the work. It so happened that tho week follow ing tho discovery of the skeleton was Keenan's turn to act as chef, and like everything else he did it well. Un fortunately for him he was alone a con siderable portion of the day, and the camp was in the immediate vicinity of the ' grave tree, ' as the men-termed it. His comrades were always in sound of the oamp, and in niife cases out of ten returned before dark, but frequently not until after twilight had aet in. _ It waB on the evening of 7th May that Michael Keenan received the shock which waB so aoutely felt that he deter mined to sever his connection with the party and leave the service of the government. True, he was partly dis suaded from doing ao, but he managed, ?by the way he worked, to have^ the whole party transferred to another por tion of the colony, a course which pleased all the men. Evan Edwards's supersti tion materially assisted towards that. The sun had set and the gloom of night was fast approaching. The deep shadows momentarily growing darker were creeping over the scene, and never before had Keenan felt the indescribable lonlineBB and solitude of the place. ' By Heavens 1 I should go mad if I had to spend' twenty-four hours in this locality by myself. It would be worse thun death,' he murmured. , Never before had he so missed the comfort of human companionship, and though he busied himself in makinc pre parations for his comrades' dinner — for the principal meal was in the evening — he could not shake off the deep depres sion which, like a nightmare, set upon him. 'It's time they came, anyhow,' he murmured, walking from the cheerful looking fire on which the camp-oven swung, and going to the side of the track which ran paBt the spot. Of course the first object on which his eyeB rested was the giant tree which formed, so to speak, the mammoth obelisk which marked the Unknown's .. grave, and as he looked he devoutly oroBsed himself. A few yards beyond the tree the track gave a sudden turn to the west, and ho was about turning away in disappointment when a figure turned the corner of living vegetation. 'That's Edwards, thank goodness. The others won't be far behind. Well, everything is ready, at all events,' he said aloud, as if it wore something sooth ing he gazed on tho approaching figure. In a few seconds tho man was at the foot of the treo eagerly scanning around it, and as Keenan looked an indefinable feoling of horror tilled Ilia heart. His supposed chief was none other than tho ghost of tho buried corpse. There was tho bald head, and as he turned and searched about, tho Irishman fancied he could see tho scar across tho forehead and tho sinister look. Yet it was not quite the same, for a long beard now overgrew tho face. Keonan was a brave man oxcopt where the supernatural was concerned, and for 0 tho life of him ho could not move from the spot he stood on, and his tongue refused to act. Each moment he became more than evor convinced that it waB no living man, but the phantom of tho bones— or rather tho ghoBt of tho photo graph — which he was looking on. It moved about noiselosily and seemed to bo hunting for its missing skeleton, for it went down on its knees and ex amined the ground most minutely. Then it wont to tho grave and back on to the track in a few seconds. After again examining tho particular spot where the bonos had lain, the objeot sprang up noiselessly and silently plunged into the dense bush towards tho weBt, holding a skin capTn its hand, and most clearly revealing the bald head. A few momentB lator Edwards, Jones, Weston, and Walsh came into sight, and ' gavo n oheeriul coo-eo ns a. salute to the cook. It remained unanswered, and when in a couple of minutes the four men came up, Keonan was standing rigid in tho same spot and looking aB if indeod ho had Boen a ghoBt. ' What on earth is tho matter, Mike ? Are you struck dumb or potrified 1 What the deuce is the matter, I Bay ?' askeil Edwards. ? f?or answer Keonan turned his head in a stiff sort of a way aB though he wore a Marionette and worked by springs, and gazod with wide-open eyes on his ohief. ' Is there anything amiBs, Miko? I hope you haven't got lock-jaw or any thing like that. YVhat is the mattor?' queried Edwards again. 1 I've aeon it,' was tho short response gasped out. 'What do you mean by i if Tell us what you mean. You haven't aoen a ghost, I suppose,' asked EdwardB. ' Yob, I have. I've aoen the ghost of the man we buried at the foot of the big tree there, just now. It ran away when you came along,' answered Keenan in a feeble voice. A loud peal of laughter from Woston, Jones, and Walsh greoted this state ment, but Edwards remained assilentas the stricken Keenan, and asked for furthor information. ' I'm going to be a dead man soon, I know. Anyono who sees a sight (ike that never lives long,' groaned Keenan. ' I toll you, I saw the ghost (if that skeleton there not five minutes ago. I camo here to see'if you were coming, and a moment or two afterwards it camo into sight there at the bend. Going to the troe just at tho spot we found the bones, it began to search about, and even went on its knees. It looked at the grave once and then searched again, but ran awny when you came along.' ' Ran away, eh ? Ran away I That's good for a ghost. You should say it melted or floated away, Mike. Ghosts don't run away, you know,1 interjected Jones most irreverently. ' Here, what have you got for dinner, Miko? Not phantoms, 1 hope. Wo want something more substantial than that, I can tell you/added Weston with a laugh. 'As sure sb I'm standing afore you I am telling the truth. There it was with the great bald head and tho scur across the forehead, only there was a beard over the face. It held a fur cap in its hand, so I could easily see the head,' retorted Mike with conviction. * But ghosts don't grow beards, so far as 1 know,' replied Jones with a merry laugh. ' You forget that at the time the photo, was taken the man was shaved, as we can see there, but at the time of death the beard would moat likely have grown. In fact, in a locality like this, you will not find many barber's shops, and buahmen do not carry razors. In fact, Keenan, your description would be just what I would expect the original of that photo, to develope into beforedeath,' remarked Evan Edwards in a half convinced way. The three other men did not care to openly rally their chief on the subject, but they ozohangod smiles and meaning glances with each other and went towards the fire in order to make pre parations for the meal, as they could see Keenan and Edwards were deeply inter ested in the' apparition which had so unexpectedly appeared to disturb the harmony of the party. Koenan continued to impress on the willing ears of his chief what he had seen, and the surveyor began to believe his statements as firmly as if he himself had aoen the spectre. Indeod, the ordinary reader of to-day who may chance to notice this as he sits in his snug and cosy drawing-room with his family around and police within call, may venture to scoff at Keenan's fears as utterly absurd and improbablo. Yet some of the brightest intellects of the day are banded together in Psychological Research So cieties to try and discover the origin of the mysterious phenomena by which man is admittedly surrounded. And let that sceptical reader place himself in Keenan's position. The Irishman had observed a figure which resembled the photo, found beside the skeleton. There was 1:0 doubt of that, and it waB subsequently proved. Moreover, the surroundings wero awe inspiring. The solitude, the wildness — the death of day — all conspired to in fluence the human mind. Both Edwards and Keenan had been brought up to believe in folk lore, in fairies, in banshees, and ghosts. It had seized on their minds, and deeply rooted as it was, there could not be a doubt they both believed — one in the evidence of hiB senses — tho othor in the evidence given by his friend, and on whom he could rely. In a sort of mechanical way Keenan assisted to lay the rough but substantial dinner, and his mates seeing the look of perturbation and deep seriousness which overspread his face, forbore to amuse themselves at his expense. Yet they were utterly sceptical on the subject. Not in the remotest senBe could thoy imagine such a thing as a ghost possible. Like Thomas of old, nothing but the evidence — the visible and tangible evi dence of their own senses — would con vince them. It was shortly after tho meal thnt Keenan, who kopt close to his cnmnidos and occasionally glanced round fearfully, said : ' I am going to leave to-morrow, sir. I couldn't stay another day, for the place is haunted, and I know I'm marked. We want some more stores. The corn beef is nearly run out, and thero's only a week's flour. ? If you give me tho order I'll get thom sent on and another man in my place.' This was quite unexpected and most unwolcomo news for all tho party. Keenan was a universal favourite, aud tho idea of his leaving them was tantamount to breaking up the camp altogether. Before the chief, who was in a very silent mood, could roply, Woston said : ' You surely don't mean that, Miko. If you go 1 wouldn't care to remain, but if it's the fear of ghosts that's driving you away, I'll toll you what I'll do. I'll go and sleep at tho foot of tho 'grave tree' for the next wook every night to let you soe it is all folly about wraiths and phantomB and such liko.' 'So will I,' intcrjooted Jones. 'I'll do the same. There's nothing in it nt all. Bosh I Ghosts, indeed I I would liko to see one, or half a dozen, for that matter.' WaUh added his nowson tho question, which was of a similar nature, but nono of the arguments had the least effect 011 Keenan, and Edwards rather put the veto on their proposals when ho said : ' It's no ubo you talking like that. Of course ghosts don't appoar to everyono. It ia only certain people that aro privi ledged to soe them, and it is always a bad sign for that person. I've made up my mind not to Btop hero any longer. We have done pretty well in this locality, and the Government should relieve us. I will ask for a few months' spoil of work in n settled dint riot where we can get proper food and not bo buried alive. To-morrow morning wo will break up camp and return to tho dopOt.' ' ' ' : This resolution was avory abrupt one,' but nono of thb men objected to it. Indeed, non-sceptical as they wore, Jones, Wal8h,.and Weston agreed that it would bo unwise to destroy tho belief in ghosts whioh possessed the mind of their chief. Tho trio were just as anxiouB as the two spectre-haunted men to ex change thoir wild rough lifo for the same kind of work in the settled parts. Already they had been four months in the north:west district, and they could fairly claim a change. Well, you should know best, sir,' spoke Weston artfully, when EdwardB hnd concluded. ' It moy bo as you say, arid, of course, because 1 havo never seen a ghost, it is no argument that none exist. I quite agree with what you Bay.' Tho other two scepticB were also con vinced that tho locality might indeed be haunted, and in a few minutes there was quite ft unanimous feeling in favour of going away from the ill-fated spot at once. ; That night Walsh, Jonea, and Weaton took it in turns to watch, for Edwards' and Keenan appeared to be in mortal dread of a Bpectral visit. . In the morning Jones reported that he fancied he saw a shadow moving round and round tho big troe, but he was too much afraid 10 investigate the cause of the appearanco. He furthermore de voutly thanked heaven that EdwardB and Koenan had not accepted his offer to Bleep under tho tree. This report only hastened preparations for departure. Before leaving, Walsh, Jones, and Weston made a caroftil examination of the grave and its vicinity, and Bure enough they found indications that some animal or other had been about the place. The soft earth of tho mound .had been partly trodden down and the tracks wore much larger than any animal in the region could make. Indeed, they were not unlike the imprint of a man's foot if it wore wrapped in cloth or in skin, and the three men began to believe that Keenan had really seen some object. , ( 1 1 have it,' exclaimed Weston, after a few minutes. ' There has been an aboriginal about hero. Sooing the track he would come along it, and noticing the grave would no doubt examine it. That iB what has frightened Koenan, but wo mustn't say so or they may stop here [some time longer. 'The blacks don't put anything on their feet or wear skin caps,' remarked Jones. 'The fow that are left may do so, for they are partly civilised, and besides Keenan waB in such a fright I10 would be likely to mistake what ho really saw,' said Weston. 'And the bald head. I never saw an aboriginal with a bald head unless the *fellow were scalped,' added Walsh. ' I tell you those things only existed in Keenan's imagination. The moment he saw the figure of course he concluded it must bo tho ghost of the dead man. You may depend when thntcameintohis mind he would not be able to think of anything else. Who else but a black — and a stray one at that — would come about hero. The action, too, iB just what a black would adopt. Seeing the newly turned earth in the dusk he would stoop to examine the place, at)d of course run away when he heard or saw ub coming along the track,' protesled Weston. His contention seemed reasonable enough, and as it was the only probable explanation of the mystery, it was then and thero adoplod by the three sceptics. On their return to camp, however, they greatly impressed EdwardB and Keenan by a narration of what they had found. The tracks, thoy said, were sucb ns no human being in the life would make, and there was no animal on the whole of Van Dieman's Land that could leave such impressions. Something uncanny had happened they wero convinced, and tho sooner the party cleared away the better it would be. Tho two pack-horses had already been loaded, and by nine o'clock EdwardB and his party wore turning their faceB to the east after their four months exile in the north-western wilds. Many a curious glance was cast hack at ihohaunted spo;, and it was hours before tho big stringy bark disappeared from view. The party had really done good work, and Edwards was quito justified in returning to settle ment, though it is quito probable he would havo put in another couple of months in the wilderness had it not been for Keenan's ghost suddenly interrupting the operations. As a matter of necessity, most of the food takon or sent along to tho survey parties consisted of salt junk, pickled pork, and such like. Some of this wa3 of a villainous nature— thanks to the want of proper supervision over tho con tractors by the inspectors. Without vegetables the lot of the surveyors would not have been a pleasant orevon healthy ono, but the gun was brought into fre quent use to get game either on land or water. Even with this aid tho health of tho men suffered if they wore kopt in the bush too long, and honce a time limit waa always placed upon operations in. the far unsettled parts of the island. To Bf Continued, 