MINING. .'£X JsHEEPSTATlON. HIGHLAND CHIEF. SOUTH.;’ f.• : t.[j»y am mining nEroBTEB.] Some idea of the distance between this shaft and the rnnin engine shaft of . . the Chief may be gathered from .the '< [ statement that the. tram line 'connect ing with the hopper at the Chief is threo-quarters of a mile in length'. The Dorothy-itram lino also goos past the south shaft for a distance of 352yds., or 16 chains. Tho reef, is marked by means of an underlay on the hade of 0 the. lode, which . is -nearly vortical. Depth 81ft, At a depth of 70ft. from the surface, there is a level driven . 162ft. the northern drive being 126ft. and tho southern 92ft, ’ Tho reef in the i' sink is 3ft. wide, being good vein stone in character right, across—a , splendid reef with perfect walls, nearly vertical, tho hade of the lode being 1ft. in 10ft., with a strike N. 50deg, W. There is a slight throw., to the west about 6ft. from the shaft in the northern drivo, but ns. tho latter was . continued in its course the reef was picked up again whole and sound, 20ft. further on, fully 3ft wide its before,, showing what can he accomplished by pursuing tho proper course, and not giving up tho ghost which on the i, Omeo field has in tho past been an swerable for tho abandonments that have been made. The south mine is ’ like tho prospecting claim, a very good property. The reef in the southern drive started with 18in. of stone, mak ing rapidly into 3ft., 3i£t., lift., the ' latter size continuing until driven up by a hard quartzite floor, against a , face of slate, and threw off apparently on the eastern side, whither a flucan indicator led the workings: ^ The reef was again found by good management after the space of two 'hours, pursuing tho proper direction S. ‘ 50dcg. E., the reef in the iuterval showing as suspected a throw of 20deg. east. About 20ft. further on another fault.is shown which threw the reef,to . the; right hand,. in !ft westerly, direction. This course was pursued, but an attempt to pick it up in that direction was frustrated by a hard quartzite bar. It is hardly possible, however, that much time will bo lost in picking up a reef of such magnitude, ... njj it .is very improbable. that, .it was. delimited by any belt, however hard. A crosscutis now being driven through a crushed granitic dyke, and is in 80ft. A change of country is here mot with, and the probability is that thoTode is ..not far off. 1 THE DOROTHY. The Dorothy shaft is 1434 yards south of the Highland Chief calculat ing tho distance by the length of the tram line. There is a shaft on the ‘western side of the main vertical shaft ' down as far as the slide 14ft., thence an underlay is sunk on the hado of the hard quartzite bar which cause the up heaval of the reef. At a distance of 27ft-. from the surface the fault ends and the reef continues downwardsin- an almost vertical direction. A level was ”pqt in at a. depth of 100ft. , from the surface on good stone, and the total depth of tho shaft is 108ft.. The reef ; in this mine is; stained next to the. walls by a heavy coating of manganese 'oxide'; it carries very rich gold; £4 Is. 6d. per oz. and is of u cintery, or . honey-combed, clmraoter for pearly the a full width. It is a splendid reef; the •best, in fact, I have seen in the dis ' triot. As stated in the introductory I remarks' on this property, a dyke sweeps right aoroBs the . .face in the southern drive, throwing the reef to i the left hand, the wall of the dyke conveying the argillaceous material. ' with it as an admirable indication of the direction pursued by it. An at tempt to fall in with , tho reef on the left hand was blocked by the reappear ance of the dyke in face of the cross cut, an indication of the semi-spherical ' course adopted, the dyke coming right "book, Veering round in a .northerly direction. Another plan was adopted, that of pursuing the course, of the • drive further aoutli for about, 30ft. ijfothing meeting with fclie lode by this ,'method a oroaaout was put in on .the eastern side. There is a foot of.splen did stone now in, the face, the diminu ,• tion in size having been caused by the lateral pressure of' the dyke. The re ! / semblance between the fault iiv .the Dorothy and that in the .south High land Chjef is very marked.;' There is nbbut afoot of!stone in the northern drive- of the Dorothy going, .clean • through into the southern drive,of the 'Highland Chief South, and the align . ment is true on to half a degree* Th1.8 ' ’ fao fc‘ considei'abiy ‘ enhances the vailiie of the property "by;-showing that the 'shoot is of extraordinary iongth. ihe . company will he advised to continue ’• thifdrive from the Dorothy on to that in the south Highlnnd Chief. Economy in working the property would" ke thereby seoured ns the stone from the Dorothy could be sent through via the South H. C. The stopes, over the southern drivo show the true charaoter of the magnificent reef in the Dorotlmfiill of vughs of heavy mineral. The reef here also plainly shows how the lode underneath is. throwm off to ...the,east..The company would bo con sulting and adding to their own in ’ torest.by putting men on in this drive, apd tlie,. Soqth Chief ; in the _ latter principally with a view to .ventilating 1 the mine,' at; in its present stato the \- workings.will fall.into, disuse, to such nn extont as to cause; their subsidence. The Dorothy requires ai good engine shaft for. its prospects are incomparably greater than those of the Highland Chief. . v MACHINERY, ETC. The buildings on tho Highland Chief cover a larger area and contain a greater measurement of timber than any of which I know connected with the mining industry, outside of Mount Morgan, There is an engine house, 'changing room, smithy, saw 'mill, magazine, storeroom, poppet legs and brace up 60ft;, with overhanging safety brace with patent safety catch, a hopper of 90 tons capacity, nnd a brake house. From here to the battery is a tram lino 2244ft. in length on which the trucks .work automatically.,. This tram ,line:is%raded to' a very steep incline, ranging from 1ft. in 2ft, to level at the brake base. The nltitude above low Jvater mark in; Hobson’s Bay of tho Highland Chief mine is 3250ft. and above tho battery 500ft. The battery is a very fine one, the building over ■the boxes being as follows : Height of .studs, 21ft -5ft. x 2ft. x. Jit. —4ft x 2ft. = 28ft; length of ground lino, ,42ft.; length of ground lino covered by tables '32ft.; height of end wall (NT!.), 17ft.j height of stone breaker over self-feeder, • 13ft.; length of hopper to self-feeder/ 14ft.; sloping floor, 20£t.; angle brace, 10ft.; height of truckway above hopper top, 3ft.; height of battery upright, 13ft; horses between tops and bottoms (inside), 10ft.; bottom log of same 13ft.; top piece, 8ft.; between hopper front and boxes 8ft.; connecting belt-horse to breaker, 1,9ft.; height of back slope of cutting, l8ft.; ridge from wall plate level run from truck to cradle, 4ft.; piles, 6ft.; bedlog, 22ft. x 24in. .Bat tery house, 64ft. long x 30ft. wide; engine room, 28ft. x 12ft.; walls, 20ft. to ridge; ground line across engine room nnd battery house, 42ft.. Tim arrangements for cyaniding have, 11 believe, already been reported. 1 