IN JHE CHRISTMAS' MOONLIGHT.' ; PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT J j' /'Author of "The. Romance ol the -Rear Cafr/t'Lake "'Mary Dose."' &c.;, &Oi;' J'\ COPYRIGHT.! "Who would ever think it was Christmas Eire?" said Helen Dalrymplc, swaying 'with. Sultanesque 'languor and .luxury in her rock- ing-chair on the sodth piazza, looking at the orange trees bending beneath their burthen ot ruddy- ripe golden fruit, the tall slim pines, the graceful - "yellow pines" of the South, their featheyy ; crowns of foliage traced in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a slty almost too vivid in its light and coltfur. It was only- the hour after early breakfast, yet the sunbeams already ijoured in a broad level blaze "on the- piazza, and danced in a dnzzie of diamonds on the lake/ that was as' pure a blue as the shining sky. . It was as fair a scene ns the eye could de sire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of involun tary sigh. "Who would ever think it was. Christmas Eve?" "Isn't it lovely?" said her sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled In this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. "Yes, it's lovely, if only one didn't see so much of it! But what I. should like to see now' would he frost and snow, or even a good thlck yellow London fog!" ' "I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that/hero, though:! think'Tie is not very far behind tho French ltlrtg (which one' was It?) who had the ground covered with salt when the lady of his heart conceived a. per- .verse desire to go sleighing in summer!" "John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the only one that does," rejoined Helen, .smiling and stretching /out her hand to her sister. ' v:"I don't' think we've spoilt you, Nell!" said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. "But I think John would. If he could." "He is very good," the youuser sister said, less lightly. "He ls!" Mrs. Weston agreed, emphatically. "And you are -very fond of him, aren't you?" aylth u touch of anxiety which she did .not in tend:, to betray, but which was plain us' the sun in the, heaven to Helen's quick percep tion. ' . "Yes, I. am," she nriswered sincerely; "I should be very, ungrateful if I wasp't! But I do wlsh he would take me home for g. honey moon trip!", she added, with only halr- playful petulance, "Everybody goes 10 England on their bridal trip.". "Not everybody, dear." " . \ "Well,' everybody who can ' afford, it, and John con afford anything he likes!" VBut, you see,- It is John's business keeps him here." "Oh, yes, I know, I. dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, -like longing for. a slelgli-ride in : summer for snow - In this Sunny. South."-, "I'm afraid,' dear Nell, you get a little' liome-slck sometimes?'' 1 "Dp, _I,- Mary?" with a curious smile. "You think so?" : . - . "I niri dfrald so sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably When once- you are married and in your own home.". ;-.' v: . "Yours lias been home to me, Mary!" > , "AndVyou have helped to nmke It a real; home to.;me. T. might have felt a little strange' and fur/away even with-. Fred, if it liad not been for ydu/ And hoiv -I must go and help -; Chloo mnke the cakes." "And IW- come and do. the mince-pies," said Helen cheerfully. "No, no, Nell; I won't have you getting, tired and flushed over the stove: John will; be coming soon." i "Poor, dear Mary!", said Helen to herself, as her sister hastened away on household cures Intent. "She only thinks ' I am. home sick. If she "only knew' how Vtlred IV am'-"/ of i oranges, aiid - pine-tress! And: she's so -hnx-.i Ioub. poor dear, to he assured that I am really . fond of John! Dear, good John! . the only thing I'm afraid of is that he is too good for me! But I shall be able to make him happy, I' think, -Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm ; sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as.- any woman, can expect to be, after ' the first; dieam is over!" She sighed as her 'thoughts,, went back to,; that "first dream." ' "Walter, "Vshe murmured. "Poor Walter!:'- If lie- had -liyed!" .-.J Visions.- of ' another Christmas rose before': . her.. - Walter was helping her to put up the, holly; They .two were .lingering over -their good-night in the liall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out Into the chill f Xhefact is, I— I ce/t pnaland unaer a cloud." ' ot the white wintry night with him to look ! at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh,, for that "white Christmas!' of . four years ago! .''My. poor boy! My poor boy!" Helen said softly to herself. "To think that, the cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head! and that no one, .no one,, will ever, ever know the truth!" She shuddered and clasped har hands, and the bright co lours of the sunny landscape grew dim to her ' eyes. But when pohn Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came,' the smile was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of John, and the past was past; the present, though it did spem a little-dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beside that poor dead past, was yet full of hope; thanks to John! Sheltered by his love, surely she would, be safe from the stings of memory,- even from , the hiBldlous gnawing o£ homesickness. , -He was so ' strong,- it gave. her a satisfying sense .of- protection pnd safety to be with him.: He had the muscles of it gladiator, ' and yet, with all bis rough uncultivated ways,, the gentleness of ft wo man.. Helen lo'ved the mingling of half rough force and reverent tenderness about liim; and often assured herself that she really, loved him very much, though she was not very lav ish of protestations or caresses— which Indeed were not much in Helen Dnlrymple's way. .; . Jbhn was , English, too; -perhaps if he; had not' been her compatriot, he might have found his Helen harder to win. There were many English settled in this part of Florida, but few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Every-. thing he touched seemed to prosper, and now in . winning Helen's troth, he -had won his crowning fortune— his heart's desire: His sun- bronzed and somewhat rugged- . featured face was beaming, as he drew his ebair as close as it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the slender fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their home. - "Do you. know, darling, this is the hap- ptfest Clirlhtmas I've ever had?", he.' said.. '"Since you were a boy!" she rejoined, laughingly. I V , ' . VBut-you don't know -anything about me when I was aboy!" he demurred, smiling in happv response. "Oh yes, I know that you were very much like ether boys! You were happy when to stuff yourself with mince-ples and plum-pud ding, and pull crackers and play snap-dragon, was your highest Ideal of happiness! And you weTe,. happy when you kissed the girls under the mistletoe!" "But never half so happy as now that I can kiss my girl without the' mistletoe! My own girl! No, darling, there's not a soul In sight! You are my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what would you like to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall we have a drive in -the evening and a picnic supper In the woods by moonlight?". "A moonlight picnic on Christmas night! Oh, John,, where Is your sense of the fitting?" JohnlooKed'puzzled. "I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. What would please you?" . "Oh, I don't know; Perhaps a good old- fashioned English frost, or a London, fog, or a sleigh-rlde!" recalling her conversation with her sister. "Nothing I can get you?" he said, "with a shade of disappointment. "John dear, you're too good!" she said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. "I- don't, de serve that you should get me anything! Mary said to me just now that she thought I was a.. little, homesick; — a>nd .1 -suppose that's just What'I am! Oh, John, couldn't we go home in sprjng on a little honeymoon trip?" "I'm afraid -not, darling; perhaps some time, but not now. Helen, can't you be happy here? You know, I'lt do all I can." "Indeed I do know It, you are the best niid dearest; of old Johns!" she- answer-/!, mora llghtly.v.wltli. her sweetest smile. : \\- ."Helen'," lie said; after a thoughtfuLpause; ,in' which Ills genial face, had grown grave, ; "do 'you know that I feel sad. sometimes, fearing that tho life here won't content you, that you'll be thinking of England as 'home!' And I .Wonder" sometimes whether It Isn't because it was in England that — that— you - remember you told me, darling, bless your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep, any secret, from me: my, sweetheart! — that - there! wiis— someone you — liked there — some one who Is dead?" ' ' "Need we talk of him?", said Helen, more coldly. , "No, no. darling, not If it hurts you! But: It hurts me to think that there's a.-pain in that memory still! I'd like to take all pain, all -trouble, from you, even any' pain of, the past! I'd draw the sting from your memory. If I could!" -/"No j'mem'ory enn sting' me very: sharply : "While! have, you, .John, "she answered, with : an Impulse of self- reproaehful, half-remorse- ; ful.' tendern'ess. "And I won't give -way to; home-sickness any more, if it gives you the ' least , blt'. of 'pain! Don't ' trouble yourself, : John, about the ghost of yesterday! To-mor- : row. Is yourq!'; . "And to-day ?" he urged.' ' "Is to-dajr— dl- ' vlded?. . Or is It all mine?" "I" think it looks as if it were nil yours." she snid, softly, as he kissed her. Let yes terday rest, ' John, rest with the last year's snows, in England! And let us go and pick oranges to-day! ' And there are'sume' guavas still. I. should like some, for lunch. We ne ver see them at home except lu jelly, do we? After all,, there are some good things In the Sunny South!" she added, with a lapse into 'her old, light, laughing tone. "There are guavais, and grape-fruit, and you!" John Armstrong wemt away happy. One thing' only; now troubled htm; he could not make lip His mind what to give Helen for a Christmas present. Blundering fellow that he was! he reproached himself not to have thought over it before. He went to the best jeweller's In Glralda, the nearest large town, where, having but little time -to spare, and being unable to make up his mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trinkets to be sent to his rooms, foi; his lei surely Inspection. Everyone in Glralda knew . John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewels to his care. . He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of one velvet-lined ease, to ano ther, as they were sot out before hhn on tlie table, when .there was a tap at the door, and the negro "bell-boy" announced, "Mr. Law- ranee; .-sail, . wants to know ef he kin sea you." '; ' "Why," certainly, Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come In, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, my dear fel low!": « "The same to you! I see I needn't ask how y ou are!" said the visitor, glancing pt John Armstrong's healthy brown face. "Oh, I'm all right — right as a trivet! And you? how have you been? All right, too, I hope? -Grove flourishing.. - "Yes, all going on well. I've come up to Glralda on a little business, and you're the first person I'-ve looked up." "That's right, that's all right!" said Arm strong, heartily. "I've been thinking of run ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up, hut I've had my hands full lately; it's been a busy time, though It's not been all business! You've Just come in the nick of time, now, to give mo your help and advice. 1 was just muddling my brain over these things," jerking ills head towards the display oil the table. "Which do you thlnk's- the— tho best' of the lot? The— the;, most -likely to — to HU'it a lady?" Arps- atrong.was stammering, and the colour rose In his bronzed cheek. , - ; '"A lady? A1i!" said Lawrence, with a' smile. "Pleasure as -well us business been keeping you about here, I see?'.' "Yes, you see— well, the fact Is, I'm going ' to be married," ' "Heartiest congratulations, old fellow! The young lady's lucky— that I know! nnd so are you, I hope!" ' "I Just am!" said -Armstrong, emphatically. "Wait till you see her!" ; "When she wiH'.Be: wearing one of these, I expect!" suggested VLthvrence.' He was a younger nian. than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, wlth;a ,dwny beard, : honest, kindly blue eyes, a piehsont, though rather sad smile, and ft generally rather grave, thought ful expression. ' He. was sympathetically, will ing to help the perplexed lover in hiB choice of a gift, which ,wns fortunate, as poor John had not much taste,, and, was sorely bewilder ed In his contemplation of the "embnrrps de rlehesses" Uhat lay' before him. '"Now this— this is something . out of the common, eh?" he suggested, but hesitatingly, as deferring to Lawrence's better' judgment, pointing to a necklace . of alligator's- teeth, lavishly set in gold. "Or,:this now?" indicat ing a heart-shaped ornament almost big enqugh to-wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot, studded with Jewels of all the colours of the rainbow. "Do you think alligators' teeth quite a pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat?" Lawrence demurred. "And. isn't this a trifle — just a trifle, showy?" Johnis countenance- fell. " She likes everything dainty and delicate," he said. "How about this?" said' Lawrence, taking up a' .simple but costly necklet of a single string of exquisitely matched pearls/ It was Armstrong's turn to demur. . "Don't pearls mean tears?", ne rejoined. ' "Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those?" said the younger nian, with a smile that end ed In a short, quickly- stilled breath like a sigh. ' "No, I wouldn't,", said Armstrong, noticing his friend's look; with an Instinct of fellow- feeling. "You wouldn't either, would you, Lawrence, If you were choosing— something for somebody?" . "No, I suppose M: should be superstitious, too. But there's, nobody — now! and I've had all the superstition and fancy, and romance pretty well knocked out of me." . "There's nobody how," Armstrong. repeated his words. "There," .he added, delicately arid hesltatin'gly, "there was somebody once, then?" ' - ' . : ' . ' "Once!" Lawrence' echoed,' looking down at the pearl hecklacq., . When the choice was finally made (of. a slender gold bracelet with a four-leaved shamrock in diamonds. \ "All women like diamonds," the two men had agreed), the comrades sat down with pipe and glass, aqd then Armstrong referred, In his frankly' sympathetic, . if. blundering way, to Lawrence's late admission. ' .'."I'm afraid my, my asking you about that," nodding towards the bracelet, "recalls things to you?" '' '' ' " ; - "They haven't got far to be recalled, they lie near enough the surface," the younger rrian. replied gloomily; "There w'ds somebody, nnd It — It— didn't come to anything?" Armstrong ventured, his heart softened by, his own happiness, his sympathy too sincere to be intrusive. Lawrence paused; a . moment, then said, abruptly: "She thinks Bm dead,' at least I hope she does. She's;far away — I. shall never see her again. But somehow Christmas al ways makes . me think , of old days/.' Armstrong 'nodded in silent comprehension. Lawrence paused a moment, then added with almost harsh abruptness: "Look here, Armstrong, I've often thought of telling you. I. was yery near it more than once, wlien 'you were siieh a good chum to me at Ocaln. The ;fact, is,'T — I left England under a cloud! My, very name— well, ltfs'my . own, for I was christened Lawrence as my second namer-but- It's not' my true surname. There are others of , us here who' have come out of the jWay. -as./I did, but . not many shadowed by' a cloud'as black as mine." ."What was it. my boy?" asked John Arm strong, 'fraternally.. . "Oh, I've not bolted from- the law," Law rence said quickly. "I -stand clear of that. I think, . But it's tiie Suspicion, of which I feel I shall never be clear.!' ''She suspected— believed ill of you?" \- '-God bless herr-no. ."Slie , declared -she had faith in me.-; But.no onq else had. I couldn't ask Ker to marry -me under a cloud, to take my name with the stalri on It. I came abroad to live it down, hnd the ship In which I'd taken my passage was wrecked — you re member the disaster of the Columba? I was supposed to have- been on board; my name was In the -list of lost. But at the last minute an accident had prevented my sailing. .. No one knew at' home that I had not sailed. They all believe that I went down with the Co lumba, and the rest of her unlucky passen gers and crew." . "And she /believes it; too?" "She must; what. else can she think?. It is better so. I decided . not to . write and tell her I was safe." "She may he grieving— mourning for you," suggested Armstrong.. ..V "For a time — yes! But- It Is best as it Is — for her. She is young: the .thought- of me and my trouble would be a . more lasting cloud on her bright girlhood than the thought of my death. I would never have married her unless. I could give l r a stain less name. She will be happier, not know ing. She believed me innoceijt— that Is, my i comfort. Let her . believe., me . dead, for her own peace." "It's a sad state of things," mused Arm strong. "And what— what, was the——" he hesitated for a word,'- -the 'trouble?" he fin ished. "They called it' -.murder— an ugly word, isn't It? But whatever it was, I had no haiul in it. It any man killed; Philip Stretton, it was not I!" "Philip Stretton!"-, John Armstrong started. His back was to the light, so Lawrence could not see how hiB healthy colour paled: "Yes, you remember the case, I see? I own it did look black against rne. He was my cousin, nnd I was heir, though it would have been the other way round— He would have been my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes— if my grandfather had not made an unfair will. I had been Imprudent— I was in a little difficulty— and I was foolish enough to nsk Philip for a loan, only an advance for three months. He said things that cut me. There was a sqreness between us, I own, but 1 would never have Injured a hair of his head. , You remerfber, perhaps, how I was arrested, remanded— all the mlserbale story? There was not ev.dence enough against me to send the case for trial, but there was enough -to make peop.e believe me guilty — to make me feel a pariah and un outcast— to make me Cast aside my father's narpe.as n turnlshed and unclean . thing— to drive mo Into, exile here, as a dead, man, dead to, Ills own land and his own people." / \- "It's a sad business,", said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. "I remember' hearing of it. A pause; then, he added: '-'But', Law rence, I sa?, old chum; uren't you perhaps a bit over-sensitive about people — suspootlug you?" "Over-sensitive! When I've seen, women turn aside: to avoid recognising me— when the very children have stared at me ns If I were a wild benit! But, there, talking of lit can't ' . i "!!v darling, my darltxy"' -.mend matters." He filled his glass hastily,; his hand shook as he raised it to his Hps. John' Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. . ' : : : . Another knock at-- tlie door, and the en-r trance of a second visitor— this time a genial, and somewhat boisterous one — to wish : the compliments of the season, Interrupted ' the conversation, rather to the relief of both Arm strong and Lawrence, aud.lt was much to the host's relief when; both ills visitors .der parted. , ' ' " ' - Left alone'at last, he stood by ithe window deep In troubled thought, staring out . across he rough sandy road with /eyes that did not : see. "T never /dreamt of this!'.' lie said, .to'. him self, his lips framing the words without sound, ; as men who have lived much alone often'. get-' the habit bf .communing with 'themselves. "This conies of shirking, or trying to. shirk! One can't shirk- a -thing— it will follow: one! If it were not for' Helen— now! It's plain' enough — tlie thing to do. It stares me in the face. But Helen, who trusts. me!: I. must think of her first. Yet that boy! He's been wronged enough. He wouldiil: marry his girl with a. stained name. Gan I marry my girl with n stained conscience?; His .gli'l, In- England stuck to him. Maybe mine wou.ld stick to. me.' Would she, though? It's .an ugly- story to tell her.- Still, if she's got grit enough to stand it? She doesn't look' like'.one tliat would weaken and wilt away from a mail because ot something in. his past— though It. does look rather a black business. I'll see. I'll sound Her. God forgive me! I'm, a cow-: ard where she's concerned. I see: the right-; thing plain enough. ' But I can't— I can't. No! she's my all! I can't risk, the losing her!" . . ' .'.... .Helen was sauntering In , the orange-grove: lu the moonlight,, alone. / She was glad to be alone, for somehow this- Christmas Eve she was, haunted by memories' .of that other Christmas with Walter . four; years ago!: That past was' dead and -burled,- but its ghost walked sometimes. ;Two lines, of a poemishe had ouce heard recited .kept, running lii'her head: . .' 'fi'f/.' "Pray for the one beloved, wherever he .may ' be, , . : ... . .' / ! In the husli of the Christmas rn/dfnlght lie 'wlll appear to thee!" : ; How still the night Was! Grove and /wood ; and lake seemed to be sleeping lu silence: - The moonbeams bathed' the fair landscape in a sliver sea of' light, yet' left' unpenetrdted the dusky mysteries of shadow in the deeps of "the dark- browed trees."- She thought, of that "white winter" in Eng land, and the ghost of the buried past walked in the southern moonlight. ' Was anything else stirring, too? Was that a step? Did a shadow move?' Could it be John? But John- never came that way -through the grove. If it should be a tramp, and she so'far from the house? The moving shadow gathered shape and substance, stepped out from the darkness of /the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon his fitce. Helen stopped with , a start. Who — what — was it? The'moonlight was well-nigh bright as' day. The face, the -figure that stood out clear in those pure, undazziing beams, the very ges ture with which the man paused at sight of her/ all had been familiar to her once! Was it;a ghost? Were the fines that had been ringing -In her mind prophetic? ."'In the hush of the Christmas midnight 'he will appear to thee." He, too, had paused at sight of tho girl's slim white-robed figure; he started as one thunder-strlclcen as he looked upon her race, pale and pure In the colourless blaze Of the semi-tropical moonlight, for while she star ed, dumb with doubt and amazement, on the dead alive, he looked on the living, lost to him, whom he hnd deemed five thousand miles nway! . He was the first to find his voice. "Helen. Helen? You — here!" He stretch ed out his hand; It was warm with life as It touched hers, strong with living human strength as It clasped her'cold and trembling fingers. "Walter. Walter! Are you alive? I thought — I heard— Oh. wp have all mourned you as dend!"- Jolin Armstrong, bearing the chosen brace- lot that whs to be his Christians gift, was on his way to see his beloved, but not with the quick assured step of the happy lover.' He lagged, and took the longest way. He might have said. If he had been given to quoting Shakespeare, "Oh, full of scorpions Is iny mind!" They bit and stung, those snakes, that tempted to silence, prompted lilin with subtle sophistries "for Helen's suite" — was not his first duty to her to spare her pain? Yet he knew that if be yielded to the temp tation he should feel himself to tho last day (if his lifo a despicable sinner. For till, this day lie had not realised what he had done, but now, If he kept, silence still, Ho would be sinning with his eye's open. Still, could lie dare trust Helen with the truth, at tho risk of seeing her shrink from him, turn cold to him, perhaps take herself out of.'. his life. On the other hand, It was possible that she might not fall him! Slio might prove herself bravo and loyal In the crucial hour. Ho felt lie did not know Helen thoroughly. She was a sweet rose, "set with little wilful thorns." He could not tell how far her pretty little waywardness and girlish caprices were' mere ' on the surface, what depths of lovo and faith and courage might not lie in the depths beneath. While he sauntered on slowly, deep In thought, ills, footfall soundless on /he loose sandy soil/ he heard a voice on the other side of the 'slender fringe of trees that bordered the grove. Not Helen's : voice, he had never heard that tone in It. . And . yet it was like hers— that voice with the. tender thrill, the" throb arid pulse of .living passion, of which he had never known It capable. "Walter — Wal ter! after all these years!',' : "My darling, my darling!" mtfrmurod the man's voice/shaken and husky, but Law rence's voice. John Armstrong made a noiseless step for ward. looked' out of tho shadow whioh con- ceale.cj .hlm from their, view, and saw Helen, his bride elect, clinging to Lawrence, his arm roiind'her, her face uplifted in the moonlight to his. For the moment they had forgotten all the -world but each other. She' had for gotten John; and he the stain upon his name, the cause of his exile. She was first to -re member the barrier. - "> "Oh, Walter, no— no! 'Let me go! ' ' I musl 'telbyuu- — I dm' not free!" ' - "Is It you, then— you, who were engaged to Armstrong?" ' ,.,.,"Yes. He Is the best and truest of meii," with a sob In her voice. "Walter, now that we have met, it can only be to part!" / John Armstrong heard no more. Had ' he not been standing there as it stricken to stone, paralysed, he would not have heard so much. Ho turned, with a groping, staggering ges ture; like a. man reeling, blinded, beneath a- stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of his-going should startle them as he- went, and ;left them there together. The moonllght- Hoodod landscape was black to him; he seemed to be groping his way through great darkness/his face set from the house towards Which his steps had been bent. , How could he face Helen now? It was Helen whom he had wronged: it was Helen whom he had robbed of her love, albeit all unwittingly. He had thought of Law rence's unnarfied' love as"; far off, In tlie old country,. But there. was no faraway girl In England— It was Helen, here! . For her dear' sake he had thought of keep- , Ing the silence that would have sealed the sen tence of exile from home and love on Law rence— and Lawrence was the man she loved. Yet she would keep her faith /with .him. She had said it to herself!' And Lawrence would not claim Uer so long as the stain of suspect- od ct'lme clung to his name. John Armstrong saw that he could hold her still. It was Christmas Day; the sun shone -on the evergreen pines and -the glossyhollage of the orange- trees and their golden fruit, and sky .'and lake were one monotone of radiant azure.. John and Helen were walking in the grove, and both were taciturn and Ill-at-ease. "Helen, my girl," he said, breaking a long silence, as they drew near the spot wherebh" and Walter had met last night, "I had been thinking what I could get you for a Christ mas present, wondering what would please you best. And I found out, last night." - "Last night? But you didn't come last night?" ; M "Yes, I came, Helen.- I came. I came this way," pointing to a border of trees, "and I -was- here. I saw— I heard." Helen started, and the colour rushed to her face, then ebbing, Jeft It deadly pale. But though she was dismayed, she did not blench. She-was too proud to quail us guilt might quail. Rather, there was even a touch of re- -proach In her tone as she answered, "You were here, John? You heard?" "By accident." His brown' cheek, flushed now. "I heard only a few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd play eaves dropper on purpose, Helen?" ; "No. no, John! But if you heard anything. -.1. wish you had heard' all! Ybu would have understood- that I— I was startled, taken by surprise. I had never dreamt that he, Walter wits- living, .when I— when. you— " she hesi tated painfully, yet not as one abashed or ashamed— then added, "never until last nlfirht! "I know. I know, my brave, true-hearted girl! ' he said. "You're not to blame— you're not to blame— you've been straight and square." . . j '.'And he,"' she Interposed, hastKy. ! 'le too>" -John Armstrong rejoined, ! "he did not know. Nor I. Helen, do me jus tice, too! I did not know that the man I chummed with at Ocala, whom I knew as Lawrence, was Walter Stretton.'.' I "Walter Lawrence Stretton,'" she ex plained'. . "Yes, I know, he has told me, It Is his se cond name;" he said/wincing o. little at her eagerness- to explain on his behalf. "But I did not know that Walter Stretton was the name of the man you cared for! We none of us know. It's been a chapter of mistakes all 1-c.uhd. But now— now, I see what I can give you. Helen! I can give you your freedom." , '/John, no— you are too good!" she protested wtth remorseful tenderness— what is to a man the terrible frank tenderness" of the woman who does not love him! "No, not that!" he sold, recoiling from the word "good" on her lips. "Watt— wait, Helen! .till you've heard all. I give you back your freedom, and something more! I give Into I your hand the means of clearing Walter Strotton's name. Philip Stretton's death was no murder! I ought to know, because— because the nccide.nt— It was an accident! wtts brought about by me!" "You, John! Oh, John! are you mad?" she fell back from him with doubt, fear, horror, In her eyes. "No. I'm not mac"), unless it's madness to tell you the truth, xt was my hand caused Philip Stretton's death." "Yours? Then, who, what — tiro you?" "What I've atwtiys been, to you and all the world, plain John Armstrong!" "You were there, at Holborougli at the time? But— how was that? nnd what had you to do with Philip Stretton? We never know anything about you." "No. You never knew me, nor my sister, my poor little sister, Lizzie, But Philip Stret- ton knew her; I dare say he didn't talk o£ her to you. We weren't/of your set, you see. You always knew I never concealed from you that I hadn't, moved In the "same cliiss you'd been accustomed to mix with. You knew that, nnd were willing to accept It." "Yes! You were yourself to me." \- "That's how It Is, -we never met at' Hol- borough. I was only there, now and then for d time,- and we moved In different orbits. My sister was as good a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty little pale thing, fond of books anil poetry. Philip Stretton didn't mean anything by his attention to her — per haps no harm, perhaps no good. I didn't choose that he should amuse himself making a plaything of her heart. We met on that lonely road; I spoke to film — he took the high and mighty tone with me, and told me to mind my own business. Well, It's no story for your ears. Helen, but you can guess how words ran high between us. As I live, I'd no Intent or thought or serious Injury to life or limb when I struck him. But I was strong, and I suppose in my linger I hit harder than I meant. It was just by evil chance that he fell with his temple on ii sharp stone. If I'd let him lie as he fell, it would have been plain enough how It happened. But In my horror and display I lifted htm up, and moved him,, trying to recall him to life. It -never occur red to me. I was so stunned, that the stone left lying there would have been supposed to have been used as a weapon, still less that young Walter Stretton would be suspected." "Why did you not come forward and tell .the truth?" "Because I own It to you, Helen, I was a coward — for my sister's sake more than my own! It would have killed Lizzie to have had my -name coupled, with his death, and her name dragged tn and compromised, as it must have been. I thought to save my sis ter's good name and peace of mind. It was not until I was far away that I heard how Walter Stretton had been arrested, and dis charged for want of evidence. I thought the .matter ended there— was no more concern, of mine. But I see now, a man's deed Is a mat ter -of his life for ever— he can never get away, fiom It!" "And — your sister?" breathed Helen. "She died! I took this silence on my con science for her sake, In vain. I see now that It was a crime. But I didn't know — believe me, Helen, I never knew, how Walter Stret ton had suffered from It. And I didn't know It was your heart I was nearly breaking! But now it's not too late to atone to you both. You were his'r first. I give you back to him! I'll -give you a written statement, telling exactly how Phillip Stretton's death came about. If that's not enough I'll go back to England, and make my declaration there." "It Is enough! It shall be enough. You shall r.ot go back to run the smallest risk! Oh, John, I cannot accept this sacrifice from you!'' But yet, In her heart, she knew, -and lie knew, that the sacrifice was already accepted. When Walter Stretton came, obeying a mc-ssoge from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, he found John and Helen- hand locked In hi-i-d, and It was hard to say whleh-.-vas t.he paler In this parting hour. ' ' John turned and put Helen's . hand In Wal ter's. ";. j "She - has 'a great deal to ' te-lU you, Law rence." he said, and his strong/volee shook a little. /'I'll leave you together;" -- Tears were In Helen's eyes, but John Arm strong smiled, for the henrt-throb of sacri fice is "a pain that stings like joy!" He-turned away, and left them — together. The End. 