N'IMPORTE, By J. O. B. Since Rome destroyed Jerusalem it is doubtful if the world has seen such a compact and numerous body of militant Jews as the 50,0u0 that a few days ago ofl- red themselves to the States for service against Spam. ' With whom are you making war now that the Emn^ror has surrendered ?' said a Frenchman to Von Ranke in '70 when the German armies were swarming along the many roads leading to Paris. ' Againi-t Louis XIV.,' replied the great historian meaningly. So with the American Israelites. It is cot bo much against the Spain of to-day they desire to light as against the Spain of the Ferdinands, Cbarleses, and Philipses, the land of the torture chamber and the auto da fes. How the whirligig of times brings its revenges ! There was never a great national crime yet that hadn't to be paid ior in some fashion. Even when the victims were almost wiped out, as during St. Bartholomew, the Dragonnades, the Terror, and the gi-nrle Alva's regime, they left memories behind which bore bitter fruit to unborn generations. * * * * If 'twere but certain that a large proportion of the 50,000 consisted of bookmakers, money-lenders, confidence men, pawnbrokei'6, and second-hand clothes merchants the Yankee authorities might do worse than accept their offer. Like Uriah, they could be placed in front eo's to afford Bon and Dan an opportunity for settling old scores. Before the battle was through half the surviving1 invaders would be offering 4 to 1 on the field, while clusters of round shot (3 to the bunch) swinging from steeples showed win- re t-mull loans could be negotiated on favourable terms. Con sidering that Havana, like Adelaide, is a city of churches, its sack by a division of Jews would go far to make amends for the past. An extended meaning would probably have to be read into the couplet — Jehovah's vessels bold The godless heathens' wine. * * * * The Sydney widows had a field-day last week. All their carts were reviewed in open order before the Town Hall, while some of their carters were examined inside. Indeed, the widow's dray has lately occupied a position in Park-street as pro minent as that of her mite in Palestine. As the clattering cars came pouring forward tho Council looked dazed, which was no wonder : — For endows of fiery fanhion and size, With obdurate mise* »n« wonderful eyes, I {1 hese, black ax the midnight or olue as the skies Those, pug, flat. Greek, Rum au, of varying aye?), Rolled by in t;.eir wains and ihe;r wet-- s, thick ks flies. {A woman with weeds and a jjkewije Is a 1'attersall's ticket, a windfall, a priZ' ) M'Pheraous, M-'Coinuiiks. M'iC rees tnd 31'Blys Were all to the fuie. Holy 3Io es ! the cries That ttajreered the Mayor'! The questions, replies, Talk, sobriquets, scandal, confusion and — innocent prevarications in favour of leaving vested interests undisturbed. Truly the ways of reformers is hard. And now when a widow's cart is men tioned in the presence of 3Iayor Harris he changes the conversation or backs out, « * '« $ BUondyke has celebrated' its first marriage. Matrimony under the Arctic Circle, when the boreal blasts sweep iown from the Pole and the mercury is like a quartz pebble in a corner of the bulb, has much to recommend it. And with wed lock came the social writer. His report of the initial ceremony suggests the true craftsman. No mere journeyman could write thus The bride wore a rich, creamy, quartz- coloured silk with an orange-blossom outcrop. One lady was dressed in a reddish substance, with ironstone-coloured leaders running round the main bocy. Another was arrayed in a slate-coloured material, relieved at the throat by a white quartzite sort of band.' Talent is many-sided, and the writer of the fore going' need dread no competition in his special walk. Had Nansen met and wed an Eskimo belle on the far side of the 86th parallel he would have found a society journalist at hiB elbow before the blubber-bulged, 4ft. clergyman had reached the bensdiction. * * * ? tained by any, seeing that the side-show iB but the vestibule leading into the greater wonders beyond. It is only when a rustic has passed through the fire of learned pigs, bearded ladies, two headed calves, and female tumblers that his mind becomes responsive to the wide reach of natural phenomena. Deprive him of opportunities for studying the abnormal by squelching side- * shows and you cramp his nature. The husband man who has never seen a foal with five legs or a boy with six fingers remains with one side of his nature undeveloped. The Narrandera majority was wise, not alone in countenancing but in encouraging the side-show. * * * * The Kiama aldermen are naiurally nettled with Minister Carruthers. They asked him for a common, and he promised them a blow-hole, much as Burns asked for bread and was put off with a stone. The blow-hole, it will be remembered, is a Kiama lion whose roar is heard afar. The Pacific goes in at the bottom aud comes out on top. It is mild enough on entering, but the Bame cannot be said of it on leaving. This natural phenomenon, together with a stray spook, is the envy of neighbouring hamlets. But Mr. Car ruthers is responsible for neither. Nature scooped out one and the late Sir Henry Parkes scooped in the other. Alderman Leggatt said with a little acrimony that the Minister ' wouldn't like a dip in the blow-hole himself ' — a statement so obvious as torequireno demonstration. Why the agnostics of the town — materialism of a peculiarly obdurate type is widespread there —didn't throw the ghost down it has puzzled many. Possibly Mr. C. thought that a vent-pipe and a vampire were enough for a small settlement without the addi tional attraction of a common. * * * * Writing to the ' Temora Star ' ou the present all-engrossing Australian subject, a correspondent mentions with a tinge of bitterness ' the palpable sophistry of a Toohey-street tailor.' He then cannons on to ' the spirit of Mackvailli,' and ends with a high tribute to Mr. B. B.. Wise, whom he considers ' as handsome as Apottu.' As Samson's strength lay in what grew outside his head so that of the country press lies in what grows inside; especially when it comes to proper names. The three historic clothiers, the author of the ' Prince,' and Mr. Wise should be grate ful for the efforts made to give their real names, addresses, and resemblances. It is not always that politicians are used so veil. On Australian diggings, especially, there's an unfortunate ten dency towards negligent orthograpiiy in the matter of patronymics. It was time' for the ' Star ' to tackle the subject. Mr. Wise, at all events, has reason to be thankful. It was well known that he wa3 lovely ; but even his best friends would have hesitated to place him in tho same book of beauty as ' Apotto.' * « # * The ' Molong Argus ' insinuates that the ' Parkes Independent ' is ' only fit to be found dead alongside a pock-marked Chow.' There is a refinement of implacability in the foregoing -which suggests that the vendetta is now at its height and that something must soon give. It would be impossible to much longer postpone a I day of reckoning. Editors have fselings which it is unwise to thoughtlessly arouse. Even the neighbourhood of a living and smooth-skinned Chinese is often a trial. But humanity naturully shrinks from the eternal companionship, not alone of a dead, but of a pock-pitted one. It is adding a new and unnecessary terror to death, which is sombre enough already. And perhaps to nave your bones taken up in mistake, scraped, and sent to Hongkong Ugh 1 It is now tbe ' ' Inde pendent's ' turn. * * » * A.t tbe late meeting of the St. John's Ambulance Association Mr. J. Perry was the patient. He appeared with a broken leg and twisted spine, but bore up bravely in the trying circumstance*. Ti- tree and stringy -bark were at once improvised and pressed into the errand of mercy as splints, stretcher, and top- coat. He rallied at once, &nd; is said to have asked what o'clock it was, which is always a favourable sign. But appearances were against him, so that when he sat up in his new dress the likeness to Robint-oa Crusoe was so faithful, that you instinctively looked round for Friday. The incident seems to open a now spheie of usefulness to persons of limited means. For a trifling sum men and women could be readily found as subjects in such a cause — persons who'd not hesitate to let card- board chimneys, papier mache roots, and even an occasional brick fall upon them. It would be a far nobler role than travelling with a temperance lecturer or a pro fessional mesmerist to illustrate the evils of alcohol or the truths of hypnotism. * * * * The Parramatta Early Closing Association is about to give a bal masque. This species of en tertainment has never been much of a success amongst Britons or their descendants. Race, not latitude, is answerable for the comparative failure ; as, under the snows of Russia and Northern Germany, such displays have taken firm root. A certain amount of carnivalesque (word wanting) abandon — a trait unknown to Bull and bis cubs — is essential. Without it the affair is as flat as Scott's poem of 'Waterloo. A Parramatta tailor as Coeur de Lion with his visor down, while his wife appeared in tights and a black domino, would feel the time hang heavily. After a visit or two to the buffet he'd probably run a needle into the first Saracen he met. His faithful troubadour's whole time would be taken up in keeping his master's hands off Paynims. And now the town and neighbourhood are being turned upside-down in search of wigB, hose, eworcis. casques, robes, skirts, and dominos. It is to be hoped that no misunderstanding will arise among the knights and their men-at-arms during the festivities. It would be deplorable if the policc had to be called in to support the early-closing programme . ? From the publisher comes DymocVs Album of 100 Sydney views, published at Is, a new editioc, -enir oi 