Short Story. The Minister's Ghost Story. ' flood-night bairns! M'lvor, see Iliat they a' grt«R to boil a( a vosisousrljle hour, .-mil dinn.i «'.t up laic vessel'. Tim morn's Hn- Fast Day, uiiud, and ye'vo to preiicli.' With tliGso words the Kev. Dnsnlfl SriClminn look hi* fnndle. and ln-iiiiu-d round on the company. 'Good - niplil. sir! Good - nljtlil. fill her !' they ivspnndcd, with much deference. ' No, we won't fitay up laic1' The door rinsed, and tho old cpntlo nian's footsteps were 'lioni'd aspondlnfr the slnirs. ' Xow. Mr. M'lvor;' snid one of the jrirls. e.iceriy. 'remember your prn inlf\' ' CYrl.iinly. Miss .Tnnol.' answered tlio snnllPinan. rlslnjr with much pravlty. ' I intern! lo sit a few minutes later my self, lint I prnmlspd to ?pp Hip rest of yon nfl'. I nin ftlnd,' ho continued, pro pppilinis to lljrht the oandlps. ' that Miss .TaiiPi should lie tlip one (o call mo to n fieiWP of ? ' ' Fiddlesticks.' said Janet, n tall, lirlirlil -faced girl In a dre.ss of soft orimson. which suited lipr admirably. Slip was Biltlnc on a low «tool before the fire, trying to slilpld lipr flushed plipfks from thp Mnze with a bujre erimson .Tapnneso fan. 'Don't 1)P a hnnihnjr. Mr. M'lvor : yon know wlial I nionn— that ghost story yon promlspd to tell ns.' ' Do tell It. Mr. MTvor !' 'I'd rather hpar alinnt piraips.' said Bobby M'Klnnnn. a schoolboy of 12. 'Onnsts are such awful rot.' ' Tlipn yon can go to bed.' rptorted Janet. ' Til do nothinp of thp kind.' ssld nobby, mncli insulted. 'Go to bed yourself.' '? Ton may remain If yon bphave your self.' said Janet, surveying him calmly. 'Mr. M'lvor. I shan't lenve thp room until yon bavp told th.it story.' ' Is it llie will of the company that their young Mood be frozen and rurdled in darkness ? It Is a real sliost. remem ber.' ' 17ow delirious,' mnrnmred one of thp girls. ' Very well. Don't blame me if yon can't «lppp to-nighl.' Tic pxlingniished the lamp .is be spoke, and resumed his seat. The firellcht played on bis dark face, and he looked with his spare form. thin, keen features, find jrr-\i| hollow eyes like .1 Romish priest worn ont witli fastinp aud penance. There was a pause, during which the company sat silent and expectant, and the yonng minister jrazed at the fire as if fascinated by something bo saw there. At last he drew a Ions breath. 'Von know what second sight is.' lie bejran. turning his melancholy eyes on Joey Keith, the girl who thought real ghosts dellcione. She shuddered slightly. ' I possess that doubtful gift.' he went on in a quint, serious voice. ' Appari tions, ghostly coffins, shadows of funerals— all these things T hnve seen, often, in my own parish. Many tlmps I liavp heard the tapping of hammers and sawing of wood In tlie carpenter's shop after bis day's work was done, tolling that death was coming. Three nights hpfore a death tlie sounds are heard— It never fails.' The speaker paused, and Vis audience shivered and sat a little closer. ' It is just a year since I went to preach for Alexander of Barnfitrae. There is nothing at all suggestive of the supernatural about either him or his wife, but the manse was big and eerie, fvrtl of dTi-Ti«My r-OTriaors ana wiae staircases. It had heen an old mansion, ami (here was n story connected with it. Alexander said, hnt he would not tell it tliat night. We sat talking over old college days, he and I. until long past midnight. Then we lit our cindles. and .Mevnndi'v led (he way in my room. T should havp had difficulty In finding llie way nijwlf. for if was up a wide staircase and along a corridor with n number of doors on either side. I trod trnftly. fearing to disturb fhe household, lull Alexander assured me the caution was unnecessary. I was alone in that parf of thp bouse. I am not .1 nervous man. but T should have preferred one or two neighbour*. My room was at the very end of the corridor— a cheerful apartment by day. when Ihe sun shone 1n. but at that hour, with thp moonlight casting strange shadows on everything, it was eerie. ' I said good-night to my. host, and retired to my rest when I had convinced myself that a certain suspicious-looking shadow on the lawn was caused by a tree. I was not at all sleepy : ro after a time I sat up. lit the candle that stood on a small table by the bedside, and began to look over my sermon. Then I selected the Psalms to be sung, and bad Just fixed on three, when I fell a sudden rush of cold air. and looked np. As surely as I am silting here— as surely as you are listening ? ?' Ibb M'lvor raised big hand Impres sively and looked round with on un earthly light In his pyps. ' The door opened slowly, and a woman glided In.' .Tony Keith shrieked and hid her face on Janet's shoulder. 'I thought I had locked the door ; but evidently I was mistaken, and I concluded that this was one of the maids walking In her sleep. I lay back ou my pillows and watched the Intruder, bardly daring to breathe lest she should turn and sec me. for the thought of her suddenly waking and finding herself In my room waR em barrassing. Then In a moment the truth flashed upon me, for in tlie clear moonlight I saw her plainly. I had drawn up the blind ; ana while my bed was in shadow, by the window it was almost as light as day. This was no servant. Her long. be.111IIf.ul hair was unbound, rippling In golden waves below her waist. ITer dress was loose am] flowing, of some Khimmering whito stuff— It minded mi of ' White, satultc, mystic, wonderful.' Once she turned her face towards me— a beautiful face, but pale and drawn with iingulsli, and the eyes wide with horror. I tried to move or speak, but limbs and tongue were paralysed. She moaned piteously and wrung lier hands ; then, to my Tiorror, glided to the window and threw It open wjtu a terrible cry. There was aq answering cry— the walling of a little child outside. The woman threw out her arms with a despairing gesture, and ' the loose sleeves fell back, disclosing I their exquisite shapeliness. She would Jiave flung herself from the window, but was held back— the horror of It— by a baud. I Raw It distinctly, and a \ \ shadowy arm, nothing else. I think I j . 'realised then something, of what Bel- 1 ehnzzar nrtisl have felt when he saw the fin gore that wrote— mene, lekel, up liarsln '.Then the moon went under a cloud' —and I*n'# voice sunk to a whisper— 'T saw that my candle was burning with a blue llnme. My hsiir stood on end. I would have Riven all I posscsKcd to find myself In the study downstairs, but I could neither move hand nor foot, and if I could, who knows what I might liave «e«n in thai long corridor. Those empty rooms— I dared not pass them ! I lay back helplessly watching tbat Irngedy nf bygone days. 'There was another awful cry, and again there came the pitiful walling from outside., fainter than bpfore, and dying away in tln- distance. To this day. when 1 rpad of It.irhel mourning for her children, j/int cry HugR In my ears. There seemed 10 be a struggle, (he window was forcibly cloned, ihe woman sank on the floor with hands clasped aud the beautiful face upturned In agony. Then (he moon shone out. and slowly the vision faded.' There was a long silence when Ian lintl finished speaking. Then Janet spokp. ' Who was she 1 What was her story, Mr. M'Tver ?' ' Alexander told me the story next dny. Margaret Rlliot of Ttarns'lrae. a beautiful and high-spirited girl, IVI! m love with and secretly married her brother's tutor. When (he marriage was discovered he was Jn Kdlnbiirgh preparing a home for his wife, and on bis return there was a terrible scene, for Mrs. JSlllol was another r.ady Ash ton. She told him that his wife had noon ecnt to a French convent, and the poor fellow, mad with grief, went nm-oad In search of her. It was a false hood, of course. Margaret never left uf.Jmofh'lr's ho'Kn allvc- Her little child was taken away one night, and Margaret in despair tried to throw herself from tw winnow of that very room I flle))( ]„. Snp d)(,rt fioon after of a broken heart, it all hap pened Jong ago— last century. I believe.' '.r*i?,r $rl' enl-1 Joer- sofUr I liked that bit about the candle burninR blue,' said Janet pensively ; it made me creep.' BoH Bll01lId likft to Ree a Pllr-st,' said 'Hiish!' said Ivor, holding np n warning hand. 'What Is that ?' PJt-pat, pit-pat, camo the sound of soft footsteps on the slaJr. The girls looked at each other fearfully, and Bobliy turned very pale. Ian grasped Hie poker with one hand and threw his other arm proteetlngly round Janet Pit-pat pit-pat. It w.is coming nearer Bang I Joey screamed, and fell fainting in lan's arms. He rose, gently deposited nor on the coucli, and ojwned the door. Something flew past with a wild crv Bobby howled, thinking hie hour was come. 'Who is that?' Ian demanded, sternly. ' M'lvor. Is that yon ?' said a quaver ing voice from the darkness. ' Angefls and ministers of grace de fend us! A light tail, quirk!' ex claimed Ivor, bending over .1 heap at Hie foot of the stairs. Ian dropped the poker and struck a light and Janet followed him into the passage. ' Oh !' she ejaculated in dismay. It was the Hov. Dnngald M*Kiiinon. in nightcap and dressing-gown, with an oxfingiiifilied taper in one band, a slick in tlie other, and a large japanned tea tray on the top of him. They hplped the old gentleman to his feet, and tool; him into Hie room to recover. ' I'm aU right, bairns.' be said, when he had been revived with a mouthful of whisky. 'Whatever brought you downstairs, father ?' asked Janet, hovering over him affectionately with the bottle. 'T heard voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got. to the foot of the stair I tripped on the cat nnd knocked over the . tray.' 'The cat! That accounts for the awful yoll.' said -Ian. ' T didn't know vrtirthnv It ?wsw RoW-y or ttie glinst' ' Wlipre Is Bobby f said Janet, look ing round. 'Joey, dear, wake up! The ghost. is having sonic an'hiskv. and you had better have some too.' ' Ghost !' repeated M'Klnnon. I wonder ye havona mair sense. Janet Rli ! WhatV flint ? There's a man behind the curtain. MTvor.' exclaimed the old gentleman, pointing with great pxclfpinent to the crimson damask, wiu'eb appeared to be much agitated. ' There Is some one there.' replied Tan. deliberately rising and goinir to (be window. There was a howl from behind flip curtain as hp proceeded to unmask flic ruffian. It was the valiant. Bobby, crouched in a corner, with his fingers in his ems. ' Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sic like eaj)trips J' demanded bis father, in dignnntly. Bobby exelnlmed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thought It was one of Mr. M'lvor's coffins, and that he felt a ntifural reluctance to occupy if pre maturely. '.Coffins ! Tlie Saddle's dreaming.' said the old Igentioman. seandnllfiod. ' What way are ye no In bed. Bobby ?' ' I congratulate you on flip success of your story. Mr. M'lvor,' said Janet. ' You hnve frightened everybody into fits.' 'I wonder at ye. M'lvor,.1 and the morn rlie Fast Day.' said the old mlnlR ter. in a tone of mild reproach. 'They would have It. sir,' said Ian, apologetically. 'Never mind, father,' Isald Janet, snuclly. we 11 do penance to-inorrow— we'll nil go twice to church.' ' Ve've inuckSo need,' wns the dry resiwniBP; , ' 'M'lvor. light the candles — T'll rpo ye a' oot this time.' Ian obeyed, and the procession formed and filed ont of the room, beaded by the old gentleman and Boiiby— tbe latter much subdued. ' We on!y want surplices to look like a proePKKloii of priests and acolytes,' snid Janet, laughingly. ' Don't you feel like one. Ian ?' ' Not I.' he replied, promptly. ' I wouldn't be a Roman Catholic priest under ejristlng circumstances'— he looked at Janet—' for any considera tion.' Janet turned round Impatiently. ' Oome along, Joey. It's time you wore. In bed wdth tha* white face. Mr. M'lvor, I hope we shan't dream of the golden-lialrea Slargaret' 'I hope not, Miss. Janet.' lie replied, with ft smile. ' Good-night Miss Joey' — then In a lower tone—' tbe lady of my dreams will not have golden tresses.' It would have been unreasonable to complain just then of Miss Keith's lack of coJour. ' Good-night Mr. MTvor,' she said, with n «naaen, lovely smile. ' I shall never, fife ' long an I Hve, forget tlite night, or your story, or — ' ' Or what, Mise Joey ? No, not UI3 yoii flnisb your sentence !' for she was trying to regain possession of her hand. ! She looked round, half-frightened. They were quite alone on the landing. ' Or you !' The words were hardly audible. ' Joey !' But Joey had vanished.— By J. Strong, In the ' People's Friend.' 