THE ADELAIDE HOSPJTAL-fS THE LABOURPARTV AFRAID OF ENQUIRY? TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The Labour Party pose as the rulers of the~Gru verumemt, the protectors of -the poor, and the ^purifiers of abuses 4n politics and justice. On those grounds one might expect from them an exhibition of interest in the -Hospital- question. X)r. Morrison said in his letter-'" "Pis in the interests of the sick and suffering that I write,-pledging my word and - reputation jhat I.h&ve; .ByiHenee at command that-G.'ios aloud f or_frdi public - enquiry." That is-a strong appeal, as well as a straight" ehallenger and the letter proves the writer to boa man like! v to understand the rislcof making untruaRtateTnentslrabietoTecoiluponlnmseTf. Somo~ philosoplier liaa ..said Jthat .mankind in general feeLmore acute!y.a Hight cut on one of thoir own fingers than the torture, starva tion, or death of millionsof people whose lot -they^cannotrdream -nfcomingin their-direo-- - tion. That may be the reason for the m Tiumanity displayed by, the Labour Party in reference to the Hospital," bnt~I~~fsgcy that political partisanship alone prevents-investi gation. ' Politicians having taken sr side, hold to-it,And cannot admit themselves guilty of former blindness to.. the .sufferings said to exist at the very place set apart for the relief of all suffering poor and friendless people. — The song of politicians is, in fact— In all distresses of our friends, W» first consult finr firipnla ends; ; While politics, neatlylbont to ease us, Points out somecirc-ninstarnce to please us. If party feeling makes use of the Hospital, politics must have become very degrading in deed, and all fair-minded electors should support the endeavour to find the truth. The Hospital is an institution-specially, for the - masses. The Labour Party claim to keep the masses undertheir wings, and one would expect them to fly to the rescue of those- they claim to protect. Yet, not only do they show the most heartless uncomstfrn in reference to the -Hospital, but give the m.03t activerppposition . -to-any action.for rfilieying the general uneftsi nes8 connected with the question whether the poor and tho afflicted ~ are —treated "as - they should he in tlio people's Hospital. The Labour Party's side in "politics roado the existing Arrangements, svt.the -Hospital. The general and long-continued disorder there cast upon their political opponeiitatiie duty of ~poihtm"g"<5urtbat those arrarigem-fmtssbouid be - altered. The Labour-Party's side feigned to regard that interference as actuated by the meanest' kind of political motives, and thus gained a justification for shirking inveatiga tiontikelyteresult in disclosures damaging to - .party interests.- By that low invention tho least embarrassing courseis taken, toe day of reckoning staved off, and tho dispute about the Hospital -converted into one about motives. Members of the medical profession are the only ones.who can speak with authority on Hospital questions; but, as they are gagt'ed by the accusation that they cannot apeak truth because they are interested witnesses, the dispute cannot be Bottled by their aid or without it. Consequently, if there is mismanagement at the Hospital it may have a longJeaso, -to-the-fatal-injury of - the unlucky pettple compelled to seek aid there. The commotion among the nurses, the suppression of reports, and many other circumstances -force—one_to the. .conclusion that there is a dark closet at the Hospital, and in it a skeleton of some sort, the ghost of which will continue to haunt the building until One astonishing circumstance is that the Hospital staff do not claim an enquiry. How ever they can st.ind the continual slurs cast upon'them is beyond ordinary comprehension. No reasonable person can expect them to be unfailingly right. All that is needed is the truth about the-^-dwadfui things" as well a3 that gross ignorance or something else equally bad should be proved not to prevail. Common sense and justice demand an enquiry. Surely there is one. honest medical expert in Aus tralia capableof-expressing the truth. If not, Ict us search the world for one. I am, Sir, &c.;, J. MILLER. Unley, January 18. Mount Gahbier to Adelaide,—The fol lowing appsars in the Border Watch:—"After "lifting enjoyed fo~f throe weeks the luxury of living within thirteen hours of Adelaide the_ people of Mount Gam bier are to bo put back to tho fifteen-hours mark. We are thankful for small mercies, and if wo cannot get mora we -should be glad if the Conirnissioner of Railways would as often as possible give us a fast -train.. Tlio thirteen-bours _run_ was. so much appreciated here that our puhiic bodies urged tho Gonnnissfoner to keep it up. That, however, tho Commissioner says he cannot do. Tlie arrangement, lie urges, would necessitate two trains per day between Mount Gambior and Wolsiley, and that would mean an outlay of £3,500 a year without a corresponding gain to the revenue. We are hot disposed to blame the" Commissioner for studying economy. The line is not a paying one, and probably never will be, on account of the many miles of barren country it has to pass -through. And-as-far^as-thejestoLtlifi_South East is concerned the mixed train docs not cause much inconvenience. It leaves their stations every morning at a convenient lionr.y and gets back in the evening sufficiently early to enable them "to "attend to their business matters comfortably. But it is otherwise at Mount Gambler? A train that leaves at 6.30 a.m. and gets hack ".at 10 p.m. or later—• most often _ later—is not a tiling to be -satisfied with. Wa 'are victims _of our geographicab-Mt4iathjn.; .-and -have a. wish to accept it with only its unremedial draw backs. And can the Commissioner do nothing tohelpms? We do not think it should be impossible to make a compromise in the matter of train hours It would, be esteemed a boon if the train wereurrranged tp start from Mount Gam bier at~7:30 a.m. and arrive -at- 9 p.m.—that is to cut one hour off the travelling time. The ordinary early 3tart and late arrival are a perpetual nuisance, and a detri ment to travelling A nh it should be borne in mind that Mount Gambier is the best cus tomer of tho line, and if a concession is possible it should have it. ~ We suggested some time ago that a fast train should be run from each end once a week. .That would be a boon, and if nothing better can be -conceded we would ag;vinTrrga~that. The goods traffic as a rule could be coped with by five mixed trains per week, and if. a special passenger train were ran —weekly —people - would—save themselves for it. As it is now special goods trains have to be run occasionally, and the very worst that could happen with a weekly jpassenger train would be an extra one now and fcgam." 