LICENSED VICTUALLERS' RACE MEETING. The Christmas race meeting of tho Albury Licensed Victuallers wns held on Tuesday.- The attendance was not large for a holiday. The weather was particularly warm, which had the effect of keeping the bar tenders busy during the day. Tho racing was only fair, the fields not being too numerous, and some of the finishes rpquiring explanation The Selling Race was a walk-over for Mr. J. M- Donald's Reynaldo, and tbe committee could have saved them selves £4 (hnlf the Btakes) if they bad not de manded that the horse should be put up for sale. By doing this the committee gave the owner the power to claim the whole stake, and he did not lose the opportunity of asserting his Tights. The moat glaring thing seemed to be in regard to the position oi Winnick Bunker in the Farewell Handicap. This horse was lavorite and was backed at 6 to 4, Much surprise and indig nation waa expressed when it was found he had receded to 10 to 1. Stewards were on the alert, and after the race an enquiry was commenced, but it lasted longer than anticipated, and as the train was whistling the inquiry was adjourned to take place at Cahill's Town-hall Hotel, where the settling w«s supponed to take place. The supporters of the other two horses, Dunbar and Trilby, had a Rterling go for their money, but this was no satisfaction to the backerB of 'Winnies Bunker, who was backed at 6 to 4 Several interchanges of compliments of the soason took place, but without much damage to the parties concerned. One harmonious blackpmith took effence at the winning or not winning of a horse from tfce Tabletop stables. In consequence, dishonest motives were imputed to all connected with the station. A well-known railway supporter of the stable ' repudiated the idea of tho stable doing anything crook, and a one-round ' go' settled ' the dispute, the harmonious one going down. An other man, who. in consequence of the weather, was making too free with the landlady of the booth received his quietus. By Hogan'a ghost ! it waa a beauty too, that would hove done credit to Larry Foley in hie priino. The committpo met nt the Town- hall Hotel in the evening for the' purpose of paying the cheques to tbe suc cessful winners. Finding that they had no treasurer to pay the cheques, and that the settling waa a farce— for Mr. Cahill— they went into committee on the running on Winniok Buncker. After more than an hour and a half's deliberation, the committee came to the :foyow ing- conclusion t — 'The committee having en quired into the question nf the running of Winnick Buncker io the Farewell Handicap, and haying heard the explanation given by the owner, lessee, and jockey, and having considered the question of the betting, arquit them of sus picious practice, but the rider should have ridden the horse out, which they consider should , h*ve been done without unduly puniBhine the horse.' The following is the result of the racing :-— HANDICAP TEIAL STAKES, Of £10. Sixfurlongfl. * N. -V, Devlin's Winnick Bunker, 8.7, carrifid 8ib.-over (Mr. Gray) ? . ... 1 H. W. Gray's Masher, 7 9 (B Beaver) ..: 2 D. Vatson's Colleen Bawn, 7 12 (B. Watson) 3 Bicycle 90, Springlock 7.10, and Kirndeen ' also started. Betting.— 5 to 4 Winnick Bunker, 4 to 1 Bicycle and Springlock, 10 to 1 others. Kirndeen lost all chance by jibbing at the bar rier. The others got a good start and kept to gether to the half-mile post, when Winnick Bunker forged ahead and won by three lengths. OHBISTMAS HANDICAP, Of £10. Seven furlongs. F. Mitchell's Erl Queen, 7.6, carried 7 12 (E. ' Beaver) ... ? ? 1 A E* Bar Hey 's Trilby, 8.6 (A Allen) ... 2 Betting.— 6 to 4 on Trilby, 2 to 1 Erl Queen. Only the two started, Trilby being the favorite. To all appearance a good race. Time, lmin. -33seo. SELLING BACB, , Of £8. Six furlongs. J. M'Donald's Beynaldo. 7.12 ... ... wo The horee: was put up and bought inr by the ownerfor £13. ^ LICENSED VIOTUALLEBS' HANDICAP, Of £15. One mile. F. Mitchell's Erl Qipe.n. 7 5 (R. Beaver) ... 1 „ R Hoysted's Bns*, 9 5 (Kinpiburgh)... ... 2 'J. M'Donald'sLe Master, 7.6 (4. Allen) ... 3 Betting— Evens Erl Queen, 6 to 4 Rose, 5 to 1 Ii3 Master. Erl Queen won' by two lengths. Time, lmin. 49£sec. FAREWELL HANDICAP, Of £10. Six furlongs. Mr. A. B. Bartley's Trilby, S.4 (A. Allen)... 1 . Mr. ? 'a Dunbar, 7 5(H.Hyland) ... 2 Mr N. Vi Devlin's Winnick Buncker, 8.12 (Mr. Gray) ? ... ... ... 3 Betting.— 6 to 4 on Dunbar, 6 to 4 egst Trilby, 10 to lifat first 6 to 4) Winnick Buncker. The latter did not appear to have been ridden t'» win. A good race between the other two, but owing to the superior riding of Allen the favoiite was beaten at the post. Time, lmin. 19sec. 