Unasked tlridal. Br Mrs. G. Skbli>ok, Authoress of 44 Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER V. x mother's last request. Roy fid Bryant's first act upon leaving Edith was to procure a warrant for the arrest of Solon Retz, after which, accom panied by an officer, he proceeded directly to the man's dace of business. Leaving the official outside to await his signal, he entered the store, and, going to the counter, addressed the man standing behind it. " You are Solon Rote, I believe, sir," he remarked. " Dat ish mine name ; and vat might po your pishneaa mit me T the man re turned, while he studied the handsome, manly face before him with a shrewd and carious gaze 44 1 have come to redeem a watch that is in your possession, and upon which you made an advance to a young lady the week before last," Mr Bryant explained. The pawnbroker's eyes began to gleam with a sullen fire, aa he comprehended the young man's business with him ; but he inquired, with an assumed air of meekneeB : Vat ish der young lady's name, if you pleash 1" 44 Miss Edith Allandale." 44 Yon haf der ticket, I suppose ?" still with insinuating meekness. 44 1 have ; here it is," briefly responded the young lawyer, as he passed it over to him. 44 And here is the money also," lie added. The pawnbroker pretended to study the ticket very carefully ; but his only aiai was to gain time, for he saw plainly tliat he had a resolute character to deal with. After a minute he remarked, in a touo of cantion : 44 Der young lady should haf come her self — I cannot deliver der vatch to a stranger." 41 fjook here, my man," said Royal Bryant, in the incisive tones which lie usually employed in conducting his cugb, 44 we are not going to have any unneces sary words over thin business. I have come h re to redeem the watch for M isB Allandale ; there ia the ticket calling for it, — here is your money ; now give me the time-piece without any more parleying." 44 But you haf nut proved your Au thority —J must haf a written order from der girl, pefore I can give up der vatch " objected the man, with a Bullen air. ' 1 am MIsb Allandale s attorney," brieflv returned the lawyer. 44 fcLa ! you vill haf to prove yourself. Maybe yo i-pe her attorney — maybe not. ; I cannot tell," B&id; the pawnbroker, with aa offensive leer. The young man flushed hotly ; but Lv never allowed himself to lose his temper, under any circumstances 44 There is my bnaiuess-card," he quietly remarked, &b; he laid it before the man. He glanced at it, and Ins face changed slightly. The name was known to him, for ihe papers had recently reported a perplexing case in which the enterprising young lawyer had come off victorious, to his everlasting credit- But it was evident that the pawnbroker did not mftn to surrender the watch, if lie could avoid doing so. 44 But you princ me no written order — you do not prove your authority, eh ?" ho persisted, obstinately. "It ish all verra veil to say you ish der girl's attor ney. Vat if I gif up der vatch 7 You go away mit it — the girl comes for it 1 no haf it, ami she makes trouble mit me ? 1 tells you I must haf authority." Royal Bryant's eyeB flashed fire. 44 You shall have it there is my au thority," he briefly remarked, withawave of his hand toward the window, where, at that moment, the officer who had accompanied him stood peering curioualy within the room. The facr- of Sulon Relz tall instantly, and he grew pale with mingled fear and anger, as he at last realised that the young man had come amply provided with power to enforce his authority, audit would, behove him to submit to ihe inevit able without further disjiuiatiou. So, muttering Bullenly to himself, he turned to a safe behind hira, and brought forth a small morocco case, which he re luctantly handed to his visitor. Opening it, Edith's champion found an elegant little time piece, the case of which web beautifully enamelled in blue and white, a circlet of diamonds surrounding the mouogram composed of the initials, K. A., in the centre. Royal Bryant felt hia ire waxing hot as he looked upon it. 44 And this is the watch upon which you advanced Miss Allandale such a paltry sum 1" he exclaimed, with indignant em phasis. 44 (tut it ish all out of sthyle," re sponded the pawnbroker, with a alighting geBturc and a Bhrug of his shoulders, yet, at the aame time regarding the costly trinket with an avaricious gleam in fns eyes. 44 1 haf to protect myself — I could not afford more." 44 ft is worth twenty times the amount " Steruly returned the young man as he closed the case and slipped it into an in side pocket- Mr Bryant quietly left the shop, and. a moment later, the officer entered and arrested the pawnbroker upon the charge of theft aud alsc that of passing countei- feit money. Tliu man, thoroughly alarmed by this unforeseen catastrophe, first protested his innocence of either crime, then raved aud swore at beinjs bo ill-treaied. and finally ended by begging and pleading in the most pi eoui manner to be let off. All was of no avail, however, and he was compelled to shut up his shop arid accompany the officer to the court, where a ciuple of hours later he was called upon to answer ihe charges against him. Royal Bryaut, meanwhile, had had an inter iew with the grocer, to hoiu lie related the facts regarding the golden coin, and offered him a round sum if he would tYirhtlracv his bull against Miss Atldudale, aud appear, instead, as a wit ness for her against die wily pawn broker. The man, who was not really bad at heart, and whoso conscience had troubled him not a little in view of hiB harshness toward the young girl who had been re duced to such straits, willingly acceded to the lawyer's proposition, and considered himself lucky to have got out of the nffWi with so little trouble, aud with a generous amount of money in his pocket instead of a bill for expenses. Consequently, when Edith's case was called, there was no one to appear against her, and it was quietly dis missed, while that of xhe pawnbroker was substituted in its pl&oe.; The young lawyer conducted the case Very cleverly. Re told how he had, in a fit of absent mindedneaa defaced the gold-piece with his peuknife ; -how he had afterward given it to hia cOpyiat in payment for her service during the week- He re- Jilted how she had gone directly from his office to the pawnbroker's shop, where ahe had presented her ticket and 4 hf coin, ito redeem the watch which Bhe had pawned the week previous ; how the money-lender had taken the coin and dropped it into his drawer, then, protending to return it to her. claiming that it was counterfeit, ho had given her a spurious coin in place of it. He related how, all unsuspicious of any wrong done her, Edith had resolved to make another teat of the money, aod, taking it to the grocer'e, had ten dered it in payment for her purchases, when it was unhesitatingly accepted, although later the man had discovered his miBtake. In proof of these latter statements he produced the uulucky coin which had caused so much mischief. 44 But how can you prove that this ib not the piece of money that you paid Miss Aliaudale ? 1 he was asked by tho counsel for the defence. 'Because I have that also in ray pos- BeaBion," he replied, aa he drew it forth from hia vest pocket, and caused it to be p&SBed; to the magistrate, remarking, as he did bo : " Your honor will observe where the piece is defaced by vertical marks made with this penknife which 1 hold in my hand. ' It ish von t&m; lie I" burst forth the irate pawnbroker, as he leaped forward with blanching face trying to get a glimpse of the two pieces of money. " Silence thundered the magistrate, bestowing an annihilating glance upon the irreverent man. Then, turning to tho young lawyer, lie added : " Mr Bryant, you will please state how you happen to have the marked coin in your possession — a circumstance winch Beerns rather mysterious, since you claim that it was given to the pawnbroker by Miaa Allan- dale on Saturday eveulng." 44 1 wiHeall a witness, your honor, who will explain that matter to the court. Mr Knowles, please go in the box," said Mr Bryant, turning, with a bow, to hie for mer client. Aa that gentleman went forward, the money-lender sank back in his seat limp and white, for he instantly recognised him. 44 Mine Gottl" he whispered, 41 It ish all over mit me now." Mr Knowles briefly told how ho had received the mutilated coin from the pawnbroker as a loan upon a valuable clock, and that he had, that very morn ing, given it to Mr Bryant in part pay ment of a debt which he owed him. He waa made to swear that the defaced piece of money was the same that he had received and paid over to the j'oung law yer, alter which he produced the ticket as further evidence to substantiate his story Both coins were then weighed and tested. The scratched one was found to be geuuine ; the other a skilful counterfeit. A i. "oyal Bryant's sugg«>stiou, the pawnbroker was ordered to be searched, when no leas than three more bogus pieces were found concealed upon his person. This waa deemed sufficient proof of his guilt, without further testimony, and he rt&a; sentenced to twelve months' imprison ment, without Edith having been called to the witnesB stand to testify against him. As the crestfallen pawnbroker was led away, Royal bryaut went eagerly to Edith's side. 44 You are free, Miss Allandale," he exclaimed, with a radiant face, 44 and I ihink we are to bo congratulated upon having made BUch quick work of the 44 It is all owing to your cloveriieRs," Edith returned, lifting a pair of grateful eyes to his face. 44 How can 1 thank you ?" 44 You do riot need to do that, for I feel that I alone have been to blame for all your trouble,' he said, in a seif-reproach- ful tone ; then he added, with a roguiBh gleam in Ins fine eyes : 4 I shall never be guilty of paying my cupyiBt in gold again. Now come, I h.we a conveyance waiting for you and will send you directly home to your mother,' the young man concluded, as he lifted her bhawl from the chair where Bhe had been Bitting and wrapped it about her shoul ders. Edith followed him to the street, where a cab stood ready to take her homo. Mr Brv&nt; assisted her to enter it, when he laid a small package in her lap. 44 It is your watch," he sai-1, in a low tono. Then, extending lus hand to her, he added : 44 1 shall not ask you to re turn to the office for two or three days — you need rest after your recent anxiety and excitement, while I am to bcaway until Wednesday noon. Come to me on d hursday morning, if you feel able, when 1 shall have plenty of work for you." He pressed the hand he waB haldiDg with an unconscious fondness which brought a rich color into the young girl's face, then, closing the carnage door, he gave the order to the coachman, smiled another adieu, aa he lifted hia hat to her, aud the next moment Edith was driven away. There waa a glad light in her eyes, a tender amile on her red lips, aud, in apite of her poverty and many cares, she waa, for the moment, supremely happy, for Roal Bryant's manner had been far more suggestive to her thau he had been aware of, and she was thrilled to her very soul by the conBciuuauess that lie loved her. She sat thus, in liappy reverie, until the carriage turned into the street where she lived" then, suddenly coming to herself her attention was again attracted to tho package in her lap. "There ib something beside mamma'a watch here!" she murmured, aa she noticed the thickness of it. Untying tho string and removing the wrapper, she found a pretty purse with a silver clas.p lying upon the case containing the watch. With burning cheeks she opened it, and found within a crisp note and Royal Bryant's card bearing these words upon the hack : 44 I aliall deem it a favor if you will accept the enclosed amount, aa a loan, until you find yourself in more comfort able circumstances financially. Yours, 11\. B." Edith caught the purse to her lipB with a Lhrili of joy. 44 How kind 1 how delicate ! " she mur mured. 44 He knew I was nearly penni less — that 1 had almost nothing with which to tide over the next few days, during his abaence. He ia a prince among men, and I " A vivid flush dyed her cheekB &8 she suddenly checked the confession that had almost escaped her lips ; her head drooped, her cheBt heaved with the rapid boating of her heart, as she realised that hor | deepest and strongest affections had been irrevocably given to the noble-hearted young man who had been bo kind to hor in her recent trouble. The vehicle stopped at last before the door of hor home — if the miserable tenement-house could be designated by such a name— and she sprang eagerly to the ground. "The fare is all paid, miss," ho eaid, respectfully, as she hesitated a moment ; then she went bounding up tho stairs to be met on the threshold of her room by Kate O'Brien with her finger on her lips iand a look in her kind, honest eyes, that thfl girl's heart sink with a sudden shock. 41 My mother ! " she breathed, with paling lips. 44 Whist, mavourneen !'' B&id; the woman, pitifully ; then added, m a lower tone : " She has boon mortal ill, miaa." " And now?" panted Edith, leaning against the door-frame for support. 44,Sh ! She is asleep." Edith waited to hear no more. Some thing in the woman's face and manner tilled her with a terrible dread. She pushed by her, entered the room, aud gliding swiftly but noiselessly to the bed. lcoked down upon the scarcely breathing figure lying there. It was with difficulty that phe repressed a shriek of agouy at what she saw, for tho shadow of death was unmistakably settling over tho beloved face, and she kiiew that the last of her dear ones was about to be Bnatched from her and gathered to the others who had gone before. As we know, Mrs Allandale, upon recovering consciousness after the depar ture of Edith with the officer, had been seized with a severe coughing spell, which had culminated in an alarming hemorrhage A physician was called, and the bleeding was temporarily checked, aud, by means of opiates, she was kept quiet and com paratively comfortable during the night and most of the succeeding day. Ixatc on Sunday evening she showed signs of another attack ; but this was also warded off, and Bhe slept quietly during the night and seemed brighter cm Monday morning. Vhen tho physician came in, ahe was beginning to be extremely nervous about Edith, and hurried Kate away to Mr Bryant's office, the woman consenting to go 14 if the doctor would stay with her,1 which he, knowing the end might come at any moment, consented to do. During Mrs O'Brien's absence ihe bleeding returned, more violently than before, and, despite the physician's utmost efforts, could not be wholly checked ; and tbua the frail life was surely ebbing away. She stirred slightly upon her pillow as Edith came to lier Bide and bout over her. 44 My darling," Bhe murmured, weakly, ae her white lids fluttered open, and Bhe bent a look full of love upon the fair face above her, 41 I — am going '' 44 No, no, mamma i " whispered the almost heart-broken girl, but struggling mightily with her agony and to preserve calmness lest she excite the invalid. 44 Bring ine the — Japanese box — quick I " the dying woman commanded, in a scarcely audible tone. Without a word Edith darted to a closet, opened a truuk, and from its depths drew forth a casket inlaid with mother-of-pearl and otherwise exquisitely decora ted. 44 The — key," gasped the sick one, fumbling feebly among the folds of her night-robe. Edith bent over her and unfastened a key from a golden chaiu which encircled. her mother' neck. " Ojieu ! ' Bhe whispered, glancing towards the casket. The girl, wondering, but awed and silent, unlocked the box and threw back the cover, thus revealing several packages of letters aud other papers neatly arranged within it. Mrs Allandale reached forth a weik aud bloodless hand, as if to take some thing out of the box, cvheo she suddenly choked, and in another iiiBtaut the red life-current was once more flowing from her lips. 44 Lettere — burn " she gasped, with a last expiring effort, aud then became auddenlv insensible. In an agouy of terror, Edith dashed tbe box upon, the nearest chair and began to chafe tht; ccld hand that hung over the Bide of the bed, while Mrs O'Brien came forward, a look of awe ou her fact;. The frail chest of the invalid heaved two or three times, theze was a spasmodic twitching of tho slender fingers lying on the young girl's haud, then all was still, aud Edith Allandale was motherless. CHAPTER VI. EDITH H HERITAOE. When the bereaved girl realised that she waa bereft and utterly alone iu the world, ,phe threw herself upon tho floor beside the bed and buried bar face iu the cl.ithua, with a heart-rending mnau cjf anguish. 44 Alone ! alone ! " she murmured, while shudder after shudder shook her alight Torm at the sound of the pathetic word which reminded her that there was not a peraon in all the world upon whom she could rely for sympathy and aid in this sad emergency. Alone \ aloue ! It has the most pitiful sound in the world. It sneaks of a deso lation that chills one to ihe very soul-- that makes one long for death and oblivion, and, to this fair, delicate girl, who realised that she had henceforth no object in life save that of providing for her own individual necessities — tlvat for her there would henceforth be no dear voice to greet her home coining, or to offer her tender counsels and loving encourage ment, it seemed as if she could not endure her deplorable bereavement. Kind-hearted Kate O'Brien stood by the solitary mourner, all her sympathies aroused for tho motherless girl, yet feeling herself powerless to offer one word of comfort in view of her great affliction. Tears of compassion rolled over her cheeks, and she felt like gathering the poor grief-laden girl into her strong arms aud rocking her upon her breast, as she would have rocked a sobbing infant ; but poor Kate, ignorant as she was, possessed a delicacy unusual with her class, which made her feel Lhat she would be presuming to offer hor any such familiarity, and thus she stood one side, « holplesB, though sympathetic, witness of her sorrow. . At last Bhe could bear it no longer, and advancing to Edith's side, tremulously remarked : 44 Oh, miss, it's a sad loss you're called on to bear ; but it's Kate O'Brien that'll be yer friend as long as she has a crust to her name. Come away, inisB, to the lire, and let me make ye a cup of tea, for you're shivering wid the cold, and as white as a ghost." These kindly-spoken words only caused Edith's grief to burst forth afresh, and she sobbed and wept until she waa ex hausted and at last sank half fainting on the floor. Then Mrs O'Brien lifted her in her strong arms and placed her in the invalid s chair, which she drew close to the Btove, in which she had a cheerful fire burning, and where, with her back to the bed, Edith could no longer Bee the loved form lying so rigid there. She bathed her face and made her drink a glass of wine which her mother no longer needed, after which she went softly about making a cup of fragrant tea and toasting some slices of bread, for she knew, from the appearance of the girl, that she needed food — which indeed sho did, for sho had been too anxious and excited that morning to eat a morsel of the breakfast which the matron at the station-house had brought to her. Wbcn Kate placed the simple repast before her, Edith looked up into her face with a pitiful glance. "Oh, I cannot eat ! " sho murmured, gently poshing the plate of toast one side , bat she thanked her for tho tea and drank it thirstily. Kate then brought tho sofa pillow from the lounge and tucked it behind her head, after which she stole softly' from the room. She encountered the physician just outside the door, he having returned from a call elsewhere to ascertain the condition of his patient, and told him the sad news. He was not surprised ; aud when Mrs O'Brien spoke of Edith's grief aud deso lation, the man's sympathies were aroused, and he at once assumed tho caro of every thing, Mid, remarking that lie would make all arrangements tor the woman's burial, lie went away immediately to attend tu his duties. When Kate re entered tho room, Editli waB Bleeping the aleop of exhaustion. She had not had any good rest during the two nights previous, consequently she was utterly worn out, and outraged nature aBBerted its claims, in spite of filial grief. She scpt for many hours, eveu though there were others moving about her making her dear one ready for her last long resting-place. When she finally awoke, everything necessary had been done, a rude screen arranged around the bed, and the room made as tidy and inviting as circumstances would permit. We will not linger over tho sad details of the ceremonies attendiug Mrs Allan- dale's burial. Suffice it to say that on Tuesday afternoon her remains were borne away to Greenwood, and laid to rest, iu the family lot beside those gone before, after which Edith returned to her desolate abode mure wretched than it is possible to describe. She had made up her mind, however, that she could not remain there any longer — that she must find a place for herself in a different locality and among a different claas of people. This she knew she could do, since she had the promise of permanent work and now had only herself to care for. Ths change, too, mu6t be made upon the followiug day, aa Mr Bryant would expect her at hia office on Thursday morning. There was much to be done, many things to bo packed for removal, while what she did not care to retain must be disposed of ; and, eager to forget her grief and loneliness for she knew she would be ill if she sat tamely down and allowed herself to think ahe began at once, upon her return from the cemetery, to get read)' to leave the cheerless home where she had suffered so much. She decided, first of all, to pack all wearing apparel ; and, on going to her closet to begin her work, the first thing her eyes fell upon was the casket of letters which her mother had requested her to bring to her just before she died. The sight of this unnerved hor again, and with a moan of pain, she sank upon her knees and bowed her head upon it. But the fountain of her tears had been so exhausted lhat she could not weep ; aud, finally becoming somewhat composed. Bhe took the beautiful box out into the room and sat down near a light to ex amine its contents. 44 Mamma evidently wanted the?e letters destroyed," she murmured, as she threw back the cover. 44 1 will do as she wished, but I will first look them over, to be sure there is nothing of value amona them." She set about her task at once and found that they were mostly missives from inti mate friends, with quite a number written ; by herself tu her mother, while Bhe was away at boarding school. All these she burnt after glancing casually at them. Nothing then remained ; in the box but a small package of six or 1 eight tune yellowed epistles bound to ; gether with a blue ribbon. 44 What peculiar writing | " Edith ob served, as she separated one from the others and examined the BUpcrscriptiou upon the envelope. 44 Why, it ia post marked Rome, Italy, away back in 18 — , and addressed to marntna in Lundon I That must have been when she wa3 on her wedding tuur ! " Her curiosity was aroused, and drawing the closely written Bheet from its en closure, she begau to read it. It waa also dated from Rome, and the girl was soon deeply immersed in a story of intense aud romantic interest. She readily understood that tho letter had been written by a dear friend of Mrs Allandale's youth — one who had been both school and room-mate, and who unreservedly unfitted all her sucr-cate and experiences to her bosotn companion. And yet, it was strange, Edith thought, that she had never heard her mother speak of taiB friend. it Hcemcd that there had been quite ail interval in their correspondence, for tho svnter spoke of the surprise which her friend would experience upon receiving a letter from her from that locality, when Bhe had probably believed Iter to be in her own home, living the quiet life of a dutiful daughter. Then it sj>oke of an 44 ideal love " lhat 44 had come to beautify her life of a noble and wealthy artist who had won her heart, but who, for some unaccount able reason, had not been acceptable to her parents, and they had sternly rejected his proposal for her hand. Next came the denouement, whieli told that tho girl had eloped with her lover and flown with liim to Italy. 4" 1 Buppoae it was not the right thing to do, darling," the missive ran ; 44 but papa, you know, is a very austere, re lentless man, and when lie lias once made up hia mind, there is no hope of ever turning liim ; so I have taken my fate into my own bauds — or, rather, I have given it into the keeping of my dear one, and wo are so happy, Edith darling, ;ind lead an ideal life in thLa quaint old city of the seven hills, at whose feet runs, like a thread of gold, the yellow Tiber. My i husband is everything to me — ao noble, so kind, so generoua ; it is ao very strange that papa could not like hitn — that ia the only drop of bitterness in my overflowing cup of happiness." There was much more of the aame teuor, from which it is not necessary to quote ; and after reading the letter through, Edith took up another, in terested to know how the pretty love story oF her mother's friend would terminate. The second one written a month latter, was more subdued, but not less tender, although the young girl thought she detected, a vein of sadnesB running through iL The next two or three mentioned the fact that the writer was left much alone, her 44 dear one " being obliged to bo away a great deal of the time, upon sketching expeditions, etc. After an interval of some months an other letter spoke in the fondest manner of the 44 dear little stranger" that had come to bless and cheer her loneliness — 44lonely,ldear Edith, because ray husband's art monopolises hiB time, while he ib often absent from home a week at a time in connection with it, and I do not know what I should do in this strange country away from all my friends, if it wore not for my precious baby girl whom I have named for you, aB I promised, in memory of thoBe happy days which we spent to gether at Vaasar.1' 44 Then mamma's friend had a daughter, who was also named Edith," mused our fair heroine, breaking in upon her perusal of the letter. 44 I wonder if ahe is living, and where. These lettore tell me nothing, give no laat name by which to identify either tho writer or her husband." She turned back to the epistle, and read on — 41 She ia such a comfort to me," it ran, 44 and givcB me an object in live — some- thiug besides myself and my trou " — these three last words were crossed out — 44 to think about. Wheu will you come to Rome, dear Edith? Your Laat letter was dated from St. Petersburg I am very anxious that you should Bee your little namesake, and make inc that long promised visit." There was scarcely a word in this letter referring to her husband except those crossed-out worda ; l>ut it overflowed with praisea aad love of her beautiful child, although it was evident that the young wife waa far from experiencing the con jugal happinesB that had permeated her previous missives. There was only one more letter in the package, and Edith's face was very grave and sympathetic as sho drew it from its envelope. 44 1 am sure that her husband proved to be negligent of and unkind to her," she murmured, "and that ahe repented her rashneaB iu leaving her home aud frioudB. Oh, 1 wonder wh1 girls will be so foolish and headstrong as to go directly contrary to tho advice of thoBe who love them best, and run away with men of whom they know comparatively nothing !" , With a sigh of regret from the un- ! fortunate wife, of whom she had been reading, she unfolded the letter in her hands and began to read, little dreaming what strange tlnnga she was to learn from it. 44 Oh, Edith darling," it began, "how can 1 tell you ? — how can 1 write of the terrible calamity that has overtaken me ? My heart ib brukeu, my life is ruined, and all because I would not heed those who loved me, and who, I now realise, were my best and kindest counsellors. 1 could bear it for myself, perhaps-I could feel that it was but a just judgment upon me, for my obstinacy and untilial conduct, and so drag out iny weary existence in submission to the inevitable ; but when 1 think of my innocent babe — my lovely Edith — your namesake! oh! 1 would never have had her christened thus, I could not have insulted you ao, had 1 known ! The letter here looked as if the writer must have been overcome with hor wretchedness, aud wept tears of bitter despair, for it was badly blurred and defaced. But Edith, lier face now absolutely colorlesB, read eagerly on. 44 J cannot bear it and live,1 the writer resumed ; 41 aud so — I am going to — die. , Eiitii, my husband — no, uiy betrayer, 1 ought rather to say — has deserted me I He has long been attentive to a beautiful Italian countess, but 1 never dreamed how far matters had goue until yesterday, when I cauie Ufion them unawares, in Everard's studio, aud heard liim. tell her how he loved her. Then 1 learned of his base conduct to me, whom, as he ex pressed it, he 4 had cleverly deceived and coaxed to run away with liim.' t is a wonder that 1 did not drop dead where I stood — slam by the dreadful truth ; but the two did not dream of being overheard, and so I listened to the whole of their vile plot and then stole a way to try aud decide upon a course of action. Wheu Everard came home, I charged him with perfidy. Then — pity me, Edith! — ho boldly told me that ho wa? weary of me ; that he would pay me a handsome sum of money and I might take my child and go back to my parents ! Db ! I cannot go into details, or tell you what I have suffered— no one will ever know that but God ! Why, oh, why does He permit such evil to exist 1 There was a huge blot heie, as if the pen had fallen from her fingers, then the missive was resumed in a different tone, ' as if a long interval of thought liad inter vened . "Edith, 1 am calmer uow, and I am going to ask a great favor of you. You are happily married, you have a noble husband and abundaut means, and you know we once pledged ourselvas to be friend each other, if either should ever find herself in trouble. Presuming upon that pledge, I am going to ask if you will take my darling, my poor innocent little waif, bring her up as your own, aud uever let her know anything about mo 7 She is pure ; she is not to blame for the sins of her parents, and I cannot bear tho thought of hor growing up to learn of her heritage of sliaine. Your laat letter tells me that you will Vie in Rome in less than a fortnight. I cannot meet you — I can never again meet auyonc whom I have known ; and so, Edith, I am going to die. 1 give my child to you -1 believe you wril not refuse my last request— and you will find her, with the woman who nursed me when she was born, at No. 2 Via ael Vecchia. The woman lias iny instruc tions—she believes that I am going away on a little trip with my husband ; but you will show lier this letter, and prove to I her that, you have the authority to take, the child away. When you go home, you will take her with you, as your own, and no one need ever know that ahe is not your own. Do not ever reveal the truth to her ; let her grow up happy and care free, like other girls who are of honorable birth ; and if the dead can watch over and shield the living, you and yours shall be so shielded and watched over by your lost but still loving Belle." 44 She was 1113' mother ! I was that child !" came hoarsely from Edith's blood less lips as she fiuiahod reading that dieadful letter Then the paper slipped from her nerve- loss fingers, lier liead dropped uncon sciously upon the table before her, and she knew nothing more until, long after ward, when she awoke from her swoon to find her lamp gone out and the room growing cold, while her heart felt aa if it had been paratysed in her bosom. (To be Continued) 