SERM FOR SUiwAY. Led by the Spirit of God. Bv Lute Rev. O. II. SrunoEox. As many as are Ioil by tlio Spirit of God, they are tho sons of God.— Romans viii. 14. Children nro expected to bear some like ness to their parents. Children of God, burn of tho grandest of all parents, regenerated by the almighty energy of tbo Divine Spirit, are euro to hour a liigti dogroo of likeness to llioir heavenly Father. Yet man oan never lie so expressly tlio imago of tbo Father us Jesus is, for Ho is in a mysterious soneo thu only bogolten Son of God. Wo can imitate God, however, in many of His attributes, mainly those of a moral and .spiritual kind. We must iu ilicse qualities bo "imitators of God us dear children," or our heavenly pedi gree cuuuot bo made out. Wo must bo "led by the Spirit of God." That Divine Spirit who is ever with the Father and tho Son must be evermore with us, so that we are guided, instructed, impelled, quickened, actuated, influenced by Him, or elsu we must not dura to think oursolvca tbo sons of God. 1\. Whither does the Spirit of God load His sons ? First ho leads tliem to repent ance. Ono of tho first nets of tho Holy Spirit is to guide the suns of God to the ineruy scat with tours in thoir eyes. Ho points out with His hand of light tlio idol gods, the iiiiagea uf jealousy, tlio liuclcim and abominable tilings within our nature, and thus Ho astonishes us into humility. Thou, with thiir. same flugor, He points to our past life, uml shows us the blots, the errors, tlio wilful sins, tlia sins of ignorance, the aggravated transgressions, the offences against light nud knowledge, wliiuli have marred our career from our youth up ; and, being filled with sliumo uml sorrow, we cry out for the cur of God, that wo muy t-linro confess our sin, and acknowledge that if Ho should smite us into hell it would be no more than wo deserve. Dear friend, did the Holy Spirit ever lead you to tho stool of repent- auco!' Did Ho over oaus.t you to sen how basely you liuvo treated your God, and how shamefully you liuvo neglected your Saviour ? Did ho ever make you bemoan yourself for vour iniquities 'i Tltero iH lto way to heuven but by Weeping-cross. Ho wlio nover folt tlio burden of liis sin will yet bo crushed beneath its enormous weigiit, whon, like some totter ing cliff, iu judgment's droadfnl hour it will fail upon him mid grind him to powder. No mini ever goes to tho chamber of true re pentance till tlio Holy Spirit leads him there, but every child of God knows what it is to look upou Him whom ho ims picreod, mid mourn for liis sill. You must havo ropont- uiice, for repontaneo k' absolutely neeessary to the Divine lito. "Except yo repent, yo shall all likewise perich." The prodigal must cry, "Father, 1 liuvo sinned"; tlio publican must smite ou liis la-oust and isay, " God to inerc/J.il to mo a sinner." When a man lins liis fi-.ee towards Jesus, his hack is necessarily turned on liis sins. As well look for spring in the garden without tho snowdrop us look for grace in tlio heart without penitence. Ixo loads thorn at the same time, whilo they think .-littlo of them-- solves, to think' muoh Jesus. Were you ever led to thu cross, beloved ? 'Did you ovor stand I hero end feel tlio burden fall from off' your shoulders mid roll aivay into tlio ilodcomer's scpnlohro ? 'Micro is nu ell'octuu! cleansing for sin eueept by i'uilli in that matchless atom aicnt offered onoe for all ou Calvary's i-ioody tree : mid as many as are led there by tlio Spirit of God are tho sous of God. The j_t.it it uf God never led a man to think littlo of " Christ mid muoh of priosts. Tlio Spirit, of Ood novel- led a man 10 think liltio of the awning blood anil of siinplo faith in it, and m.isli of outwurd forms and ceremonies. Now, my dear friends, lias the Spirit over made the Lord Jesus glorious in your eyes? Brethren mid sisters, this is lhe onu point above all others. If tlio Holy Ghost lias never muilo Christ precious to you, you know nothing about Him. If ho has not lifted .1 estis up mid smile your own confidences, if He has not mado you fuel thut Christ is all you want, and thut more than all in Him you find, tlitm Ho has never wrought a divine ' uhiiiigo in your heart. Kopentaueo and Faith must stand gazing upon the blooding Suvinur, or ulso Hopo will novor join them and bring ri-ueu as liis companion. AVhcn tho Spirit, has glorified Jesus. Ho lends us to know other truths. Tho Holy Ghost leads the sons of God into all truth. Others go astray after this falsehood or that, but tho sheep of God will not hour tbo voice of stmngo lenders— their ears are oloscd totlioir flatteries : " a stranger will tliey not folluw, for they know not tho voioe of stnui-'ois." Tlio children of God nro led not only into knowledge, but into love. Tliey are brought to feol the . warmth of love as woll us to see tho light of truth. Tlio Spirit of God causes every truo horn son of God to burn witli iovo to tlio rest of tho family. Ho who is a stranger to -Christian love is it slraiigcr to Divine griloo. Brethren, wo huve our liisimtcs, for wo dwell where it must needs bo that offi-ucos come ; but wn would ho slow to tako offence, ami slower still to givo it, for wo' are ono in Christ Jesus, mid our hearts are knit together by His Spirit. Tho Holy Spirit leads us into iutetiso love for tbo souls of sinners. Tho dovil bus more to do with somo men's pitilosa theology than tliey imagine. Christ wopt over tlio sinner's doom. May tlui Lord save usfi-om thinking of it in any oilier spirit. Ho who does not loro liis fellow mini, wlium lio bus seen, how eairhe lovo God, whom ho iius not seen!' Does God look with complacency upon the ruin of our 1-11007 Did Ho not love men so well that Ho gavo His only begotten Son for tliem ? And will Ho liuvo His own children oohl, Btoicul, and indifferent to tlio loss of lmmuu souls i Beloved, if wo dwell with Cain and ory, " Am I my brother's keeper?" tho Spirit of God novor led us tlioro ; Bo loads us into tenderness, sympathy, anil tearful effort, if by any means wo muy save sonic. Furthor, tlio Spirit ot God leads tho sons of God into holi ness. I shall notuttompt to deiiiio what holi ness is. Tliut ia best seen in tlio lives of holy men. Can it bo seen in your lives? Bolovcd, if you are of a iiorco, unforgiving spirit, Iho Holy Ghost never led you tlioro ; if you uro proud nud lieutoriiig, tlio Holy Gho9t nover led you there ; it you are covetous and lustful lifter worldly guin, llio Holy Ghost nover .led you tliero ; if you are false 111 your statements nnd unjust in your notions, Ho novor lod you thoro. If I heat1 of a professor of religion in tlio ballroom or the theatre, I know that tlio Holy Ghost novor led hint there ; if I find a ohild of God mixing witli tho ungodly, using their spoeoli and doing their notions, I am porsuuded tho Holy Ghost nover lod him thoro. But if I see n man living ns Ohrist would liuvo livod, loving and tender, foui-losu, brave, bouost in all things, minding to keep a good 0011- scioucc , before God and men, I hope that the Spirit of God lins lod hhn ; if I soo that man devout beforo his God and full of integrity haforo liis follow-men, thun I hopo that tho Spirit of God is his leuder mid influences his character. " Tho fruit of tho Spirit is lovo, jov, police, longsnfloring, gontlonoss, good- uoss, faith, mcoknoss, tomperanoo ; against suoli tlioro is no law. And tlioy that uro Christ's have oruolfiod tho flesh with the affections and lusts.'? 2\. How does tho -Spirit load the sons of God ?. Ono grout instrumont whioli tho Holy Ghost uses upon tho mind ia tho Word of God. The Word, us wo have it printed, in tlio Biblo, is tho grout instruniout in the hand of tho Spirit for loading the children of God in the right way. If you want to know what you ought to do, euy us tlio old Scotch man used to any to liis wife, " Reach down you Biblo." Thut is tbo map of tho way, tlio heavenly pilgrim's knap sack guide ; and if yuu uro lod by tho Word of God, the Spirit of God is with tho Word, mid works through it, and 3011 arc led by tlio Spirit uf God. Tlio Spirit of God also speaks through His ministers. May God grmn that tlio ministry wliioh 3-011 usuali3 attend may ho to you tlio voico of God. May it ha guidance to your feet, comfort to your heart, iiiviguvation to your faith, anil refreshment to 3uur soul ; and while you arc sitting in tlio house of prayer may you l'col. "That word is for ino ; I camu hero not knowing what to do, hut I have reooived direction ; 1 was faint mid weary, but I have obtained consolation mid strength. Thu voice of thu preacher has been as tin: onicle of God to my soul, and now I go my way comforted, aa Hannah did when the Lord's sorvmit had spoken pence to her soul " The Spirit of God docs, I beliove, directly, even apart from the Word, speak in the hearts of tho saints. Tliore lira inward monitions which are to bu devoutly obeyed, guidances mysterious and secret, whioh must iio implicitly followed. There will coino to yuu somotimus, you inioiv not why, certain inward chocks, suuli us Paul received when ho nsss3'od to go into Mysia, but t.lio Spirit suffered him not. Tlioro is a certain act wliioh 3ou might do 01 might not do, but 1111 impulse conies upon you which seems to say, " Not that,". or "Not now." Do not violate thut inward restraint. " Quench not tlio Spirit." Let 1110 remark lliai being " led 113 the Spirit of God" is a remarkable expres sion. It does not sa3, " As 11111113 us uro driven b3 the Spirit of God." No, t lio devil is a driver, and when ho outei-.s either into men or into hogs, lie drives them furiously. Remember lunv tlio wholo herd ran violent down it steep place into tlio sea. Whenever 3-011 sco a man fanatical and wild, whatever spirit is in him, it is not the Spirit uf Christ. Tho Spirit of Christ is forcible, it workctli mightily; but it is a quiet Spirit; it is not. mi eagle, but a dove. He comes as a rushing wind, and fills the liouso where tlio disciples nro sitting, hut at tlio same timo He comes not as a whirlwind from the wilderness to sniito tho four corners of the habitation, or it would become a ruin, lie comes as a flume of fire sitting upon each of tlio favoured ones, but. it is not a flume of fire that burns tlio house mid destroys Jerusalem. No, tlio Spirit, of God is genl.lo ; Ho does not drive, but lend. "As innny ns are led by tlio Spirit of God, tliey m-e tho sons of God." 3\. When does tlio Spirit lend tho sons of God ? Ah, brethren, that question needs anxious answering. Tito Spirit of God would always lead the sons of God ; hut. alas I there uro times when oven children of God will not bo led. Tliey nrc wilful nnd headstrong, mid start aside. The hoiilth3 condition of a child of God is to ho ahvnys led by the Spirit, of God. Mark this — led by tlm Spirit every day ; not on Sundays mily, inn- alone at jioriods sot apart for priy-or, lint during every minute of ovory hour of every duy. If you havo a guide along un intricate palliway, and you allow him to conduct 3-011 for half 1111 hour, mid then sire, " Now I shall direct myself for tlio next five minutes," in that short spaco you will lose thu benefit of having 11 guide ut ail. It. is ek-itr that a pilot who only occasionally directs the ship is very little hotter than none. If yon were traversing mi unknown mid diffi cult. pntliwuy, it would render all directions useless if you were to say, "Tlioy told mo to turn to the right at this coruor, but I mean to try tlio loft." Tiuit ono turning will affect tho whole of your arter journey. If we err, and are really sons of God, our Divine Leudor will make us retrace our steps -.villi bitter tears, and feel what un ovil and hitter thing it. is to have uhoson oar own delusions. If wo uso our Divine Leader wisol), wo ahull ulwuys follow Hiin. Hear trhiit. God speaks in tlio inspired volume, mid if no light comes tluinco, kneel down and pra3. 'When you sea 11 sign-post in u couutr.y road, and it tells you which wuy to go, you are glad to follow its dircotious ; but if in your purploxi- t.ioayou soo no sign-post, what uro you to do? Pray. Cast yourself upon tho Divine guiuunce, mid you shall muko 110 mistake. Beloved, tho Lord will nover let a vessel be dashed upon tlio rocks whoso tillor has lieou givon into His hands. Give up tho holm to God, und your barqtio will thread tho narrow uhunncl of life, avoid evory. sunken rook, and urrivo safely in harbour. Am I a child of God ? If so, I mn led by the Spirit. Am I led b3 tho Spirit? I um afraid somo persons nover think of tliut matter. By whom are wo led? Hundreds of religious pooplo uro led by their minister or by a Chris tian friend, und so far so good for thorn ; but thoir religion will bo a failure unless tlioy are lod by tlio Spirit. Are you led by tho Spirit ? If you uro, 3'ou are a ohild of God ; mid if not, you uro nono of His. All ! thoro is consolation. If you nro a child of God, 3ou will bo led by tuo Spirit. Are you in doubt? Are you embarrassed ? Are you ill difficulties? Then, tlio sons of God are led by tho Spirit, und you will ho lod. Perhups you are looking a long wuy uhoud, and you are afraid of difficulties in your old ago, or ut tlio douth of a rolativo. Now, God lias not given us oyes to pry into tlio future, and what is tho uso of our peering whoro wo ounnot bob? Leavoit all to your heavenly Father, and you will bo unerringly led by tlio Holy Ghost. Thou there is un nssuranuo. If led by tho Spirit, you uro most cortainly 11 son of God. Can you say, " I do yield my- solfup totlio Lord'Bwill, I am not perfect —I wish I woro; I am bnrdonod with a thousand infirmities ; but yot, if tho Lord will touuli mo, I 11m willing to lonrn ; if Ho will iiavo_ putienco with 1110, I will strive to follow Him. Oh, what would I givo to bo porfootl3 holy ! I long to bo pure within. I wish ubovo all tilings olso iu this world that I may nover griovo my God, but walk witli Him in tho light as Ho is in tho light, and havo followship witli Him, whilo the blood of Josus Christ His Sou oloausos mo from nil sin?" My brother, he woll assured that 110110 ovor longed liko that but ft ohild of God, Flosli and blood hath not rovonlcd this unto thee. Go homo und rojoico in your sonsliip, and pray God, if 3011 havo boon weak, to make you strong ; if yon lmvo lioou lame, to heal you ; und if you huvo erupt along on your hiindB and knoos, to holp you to wnlk tip- rightly ; but, after all, bless Him that His Spirit doeR lead you. If yon oan only walk, usk Him to niako you run; and if you oan run, ask Him to make you mount on wings ns eagles. Yon nro sons of God if you are led by tho Spirit, however small yonr stature nnd fooblo your gruco. The age, strength, or education of tne mun is not essontlnl to liis aonship, hut tho trunnoss of his birth is tho ull-importent matter. Seo yo to it that yo are led by '.tho Spirit, or your'parontngo is not from above. 