IVAN'S GRAVE. Ill Jilt.' centre of ;S wide sH-pp" in Eussian Government oi: A! - - -> rbcre Etauus a cut-iou* laiMiiiarl;. ;t '^l- thin, wooden cross. inpk-anie-d. afb.-*r the Oriental fashion, and towering -on>picuouslv over the land horizon. 11 is ihe more or J' legendary history of Tlii< bali'-roUen piece of wood. winch for miles aroimd is known a* "Ivan's Gnivo." that i .ill! about lo tell. Between 'fifty aud sixty ye.irs Alexia liohrofska, the only daughter of s rich proprietor, was considered >" the uiost beautil'ul girl in th« neighborhood. Tier father. accordi-']* ' he torn of Russian householders. kept a large retinnc of tulerab?y mixed iioino<ties. aiui among these ras Ivan Whose iiun.W-.", however. was distinct from those <>i his fellow-servants; for Ivan was wltaf is tinned in Kussiiin tlie "uiill<-brother" oi: Alexia JiobroCska, which means. in other words, thai the peasant. woman who was his mother. beijii:' peculiarly robust a:ul comparatively cleanly, had been selected as wet-nurse for the "Master's" child. In linn.: flie mother \w'-iit bade i>» her but in the village, but ihe boy was retained by the master—for the solitary Alexia warned a playmate, ami why Should slie not have her wish": Thus Ivan grew up aiuiost entirely under Tinsame roof witii Alexia, first: l>eing used as? a sort of toy. and aft'-i'vcm-d" coming to be regarded as her own especial at tenuaid a useful person tor carrying lier messages or bringing her armfuls of wild dowers when site happened to take ;i faney to thousand Most particularly for accompanying f hbr % -oil horseback: i'or from liis earliest boyhood Ivan had. evinced a peculiar boldness and skill in the management, of horses. Alexia was well content with Ids company, looking upou liim half as a comrade and half as a slave, and feeling moreover a sincere and perfectly innoeent aijfectioji foi- the sTalwart young ;iu peasant. Khe knew that he was deeply attached to her, but neither to her nor to anv other inmate of the house did if occur as possible that this attachment should be rooted in a devouring passion. To send his daughter out riding with Ivan appeared to Gregor P.obrofeka exactly as safe as-it would have been to send her out guarded by a tame bull-do:?, for in his eyes Ivan >va* a peasant--" that is to say. a different thing- fronf a uiita. * . >- And so was Ivan in his own eyes. {The franldv condescending affection of Alexia did not hurt him—he knew that It could not be otherwise. She was the mistress aud he was the servant—the good <3od had ordered it so, therefore there was nothing more to be said about it. Never, even for a passing moment, flid the most distant vision of success cross liis loyal mind. He would never be able to stamp out. his passion—of that: he felt certain: but he would bury St so deeply within him that uo other living man should ever dream of its existence. Never would he expose himself to the bitter ridicule which the discovery of the truth must bring upou him, and neither should any;sign on his part ever disturb her maiden peace. Thus, while still a boy in years, Ivan became a grave and almost stern man. •By nature, he was more reticent even than the average Russian peasant, aud now uo useless word escaped his lips: even his glances were strictly guarded, for he knew well enough that either of these things, a word or a glance, might at any moment betray everything. .,. With all this, it must not be supposed that Ivan was desperate; that any wild idea of cutting'short his own inisery ever came near him. He knew he was doomed to a life of renunciation, but. jvith true slave fatalism, lie was perfectly prepared to live it. It is only .when it becomes objectless that life also becomes worthless, and Ivan had a .very distinct object before his eyes— aot the object of gratifying his passion, tout the object of concealing it. This absorbed his entire energy, the strength !0f his mind, and his whole attention: and by these very means probably saved him from despair. One thought only pressed upon him continually—the thought that Alexia would one day choose a husband. ; t s I i v h t m l e He knew quite well that that day ;would have to come. Sometimes lie even wished that it would come soon, in order that he might know exactly how much he would have to bear. The day came at last. Upon her nineteenth birthday the betrothal of Alexia •Bobrifska to Fedor Dalmaskow was proclaimed to the neighborhood. Everyone was charmed with the news; iudeed, nothing could have been more suitable than the alliance, for Fedor iDalmaskow most, fortunately happened to be the nephew aud heir of the present possessor of S . the estate which bordered Alexia's present home, and the second largest in the government. Fedor had, at the wish of his uncle, Spent the last few years in improving his mind by travelling in France aud in SEngland, aud had lately returned to take up his abode at his future home. He was a tall and graceful young man, with coal-black hair and high-bred features, amiable and well- meaning. Naturally he could not help being aware of the value of his position and prospects, Jiut although a marked favorite in society, he was free from affectation, aud he had never to his knowledge done any harm to any living person. As for Alexia, her heart had been ia- &en; by storm. Owing to the delicate health of her father, she had never even been so far as St. Petersburg, and of all the men that she had ever as yet seen. iFedor Dalmaskow appeared to her to come nearest to her ideal of rectitude and chivalry. With the enthusiasm of a girlish heart, which is full to overflowing with the desire of loving aud being loved, she surrendered to iiim her future. The beginning ol : Fedor Dalmaskow "s bliss was the beginniug of Ivan's real sufferings. There arose eircunjstanees .which he had not. foreseen, such, for Instance, as the fad: that Dalmaskow .viewed the comparative familiarity which existed bet ween ids betrothed and her attendant' witii a mixture of astonishment and displeasure. To every >6ther inmate of the house it appeared the most natural thing in the world thai 'Alexia should call the young peasani "My sweet Ivan," and "My little 1 van:' but Dalmaskow had not seen these two at their games ten years ago, and lie could not. grow accustomed to this abnormal state of affairs: for, young as ho was, he already looked upon the proprieties as on one of the chief motors of human existence. The first slight dispute which occurred between the young people had Ivan for its subject. With great gentleness. 'Fedor had explained to his betrothed that this manner of addressing a subordiuate was too peculiar to pass without notice. This youth had Ions aao ceased to be her playmate, why'tlierefore continue to make auv difference between him and the other domestics ? •®ut Alexia had answered by laughlne in his face, and telling him that h<might as well expect her to give up Caressing her dogs and her horses us to look upon Ivan as anythiny but her dear *>td comrade. This was but the first of several oce-v vtui.- which Dalmaskow ielt morti-' ii.--d by observing that Alexia invariably i i l i o part.of this somewhat morose (tUciidaui. lie had early made a discs'veiy which astonished him greaily— the discovery Jiuii Ivan hated him. He w.-is noi accusiomed 10 being isated. • •vn by his subordinates, and yet he knew thai he was u«n nustakon. i'«»r his wii -a as (jujeiv. «>Hi-e. whil'' reileci iu^' 1!n• 1-auses <>i" ihis strange phenomenon, an idea crossed liis mind', bur was imuie- <ii:ttci\ rejecied as .o>> bizarre to be enlcnaioei!. And yet ihe mete shadow of ; In- though! was enough to make him uneasy. Ti had not escaped him that ihe surroundings in which he had lived since his infancy, and the fragments of < ducal ion almost unavoidably picked up. had served to give a sort ol" rough flavor of refinement to the peasant lad. which broughi this man several steps 'nearer to his own sphere. That ii should be so was resented by i iie high born youth as an unjustifiable intrusion on his own premises, but that it was so he nevertheless could not deny lo himself. rresoinly (here came a day which 1 urued his doubts into certainly. The be! mi lied couple had been out riding. a;iended by Ivan. and. according to her habit. Alexia had several times essayed • o draw him into the eon versa lion. But Ivan had showed himself more morose than ever, thereby increasing his own trials: for the shorter the answers he gave, the snore amusement did he cause 10 his vivacious young mistress. She seemed to have made it her special object to coax or tease him from out of his ill-lminor. IJis humor, indeed, had l- been very bright lately, but she had bee 11 too happily occupied to take much notice of the fact. To-day. for the first time!-it had forcibly struck her attention. She insisted on knowing ihe cause: Jiad he got toothacheV No? Then could it be chilblains? The winter had not yet begun. \ "Perhaps he is in love," suggested Fedor Dalmaskow, suddenly, looking straight at Ivan as lnvspoke. "Splendid!"' cried Alexia, with ihe right laugh of a ' chiid. "I never J ! hought of that before. Who is it my weet little Ivan*: Marysia or Sosia'f Come. you mustn't be so very shy about t: I promise to put in a good word for ou with papa- But, perhaps you aven't vet made up your mind between hem — they are both pretty, you know only I think Sosia would cook your dinners better. You really won't tell e? Well, then, I will flftrogyou. Tlfere is a bunch of red l>erries=for?your ladyove. If 1 see it in SoVia s hair this vening. I will know that she is the luckv One — but if I see it Lh Marysiafs hair* then Tin afraid that your cabbage soup will not be very good eating. Meanwhile you must: wear it as a badge —give me your hat." Ivan obediently handed over his hat, aud Alexia, still laughing gleefully, tore off a bunch of crimson berries from the tree under whose boughs she was passing, and fastened it within the band. She was too much delighted with her own good idea to observe how white Iran's face had become, but Dalmaskow noted it well, and having dismounted "at the end of the ride, and watched the horses being led towards the stable yard, some irresistible feeling of curiosiiv forced him to follow the suspected man in order to surprise him if possible when he believed himself unobserved. When Dalmaskowjf^eh%d,thg;;ftlable vard two of the jother men !w£?e busy with the horses, but Ivan was not in siaht. He next glanced into the stables as well as into the room which Ivan usually occupied, but both doors stood wide open, and Ivan was in neither of these places. .At last, while standing outside the half open door of a bain, a dull, muffled sound struck upon his ear. He looked in, and saw a man lying upon his face with his two hands buried deep in the thick lair of straw on which he haxl flung, himself* down, his whole body-shaken ^at Short >intervals T by con vulsive movements. Dalmaskow "recognised him by his clothes. Beside him. plucked from their stalks and stamped into a shapeless mass, lay the berries which he had worn in his hat— a crimson stain upon the boaj'ds of the floor. Dalmaskow stood for a.few seconds only, then withdrew without a sound.. The sight he had seeu offended his liner sensibilities by the very vigor of its expression, but, also, it awed him a little. He had not until then known that there could be such passion in the world. This was something' which lie liad not met With during bis travels iu France and in Fngland. Now he knew everything, and by the time he had recovered from liis astonishment, he discovered to his annoyance that, just as lvau hated him. he too was beginning to hate Ivan. To hate anyone was a.quite new ex perience to the amiable young man, ana to hate a domestic was surely not worth his while; nevertheless there seemed no help for it. Despite all logic, he, the uobJeman, could not feel entirely easy under the eyes of the peasant—perhaps because some instinct told him that that, peasant had a greater soul than he. There was in Ivan's manner towards him a certain peculiarity of which no one but himself was aware, yet under which he writhed. Every one of the orders was punctually obeyed, no word of disrespect had ever been uttered, and vet at moments, something ia the face of that dark, silent man told him that he. was looked upon not only with hatred, but also with contempt. Firmly lesolved though he was never openly to betray the resentment which he could not suppress, there yet came an occasion on which his self- control gave way. This happened oue day not many weeks before the marriage. Snow had fallen, and in front of the door of the house there stool the sledge in which Fedor Dalmaskow was t<> t,ake liis fiancee and her father for rheir first sledging party of the season. While he settled himself in his seat lvau stood at the horses Leads. There was an unexpected plunge forwards, ihe groom had stepped back prematurely, and Dalmaskow, taken by surprise, clutched at tiie reins with an oath. He was anything but a violent man by nature, but he had been half thrown out of his seat, and was conscious of being in full view of Alexia, who stood upon the doorstep. Any other groom might, have been forgiven, but not this one. "You dog!" he cried, in a tone in which all the pent-up resentment of the last weeks came to the surface.. " Take this for your negligence!" And,snatching up the long whip beside him. he lushed blindly towards Ivan's head. Tiie thong struck with such force thai blood spurted instantly upon forehead and cheek. Before it had time to strike again Ivan had caug'M :t in his hand, and stood there, wit It a grey face and starting eyeballs, rigid, and yet seemingly on the point of leaping upon ihe sledge. It was Alexia who, .uuessing the danger, tpiickly stepped forward, and by her intervention <-in ihe scene short at this point. I11 private she reproached Fedor for his violence, and found him submissive and penitent. He was quite as much si iprised as she herself could be. ne could not at all understand how it had been possible to forgot, himself so eutiivlv. Such a tiling had m-ver before happened to him. In order to show how determined he was that it should not hapneu It occurred to him that lie migiii make it up with the injured mar. by -iviug him a couple of roubles. "They will do as plaster for your w-uind." he said to him jocosely, and withal a Hale nervously, as he tendered the money. I>ut Ivan put his hands behind his ba<-k and walked away without even a word., leaving the astonished Dalmaskow standing on the spot with his two roubles in his hand. It was dating from ihis moment that he felt quite certain t har lie hated Ivan, iie began now seri'ftisly to mistrust him. watching h ; s every movement intently. He could discover nothing on which to take hold, but this oidj' increased his mistrust:, for it is not given to everyone to understand renunciation when it reaches this point. Fedor Dalmaskow did not uuderstand it. and if he had understood it. he would not have believed in it. The household at large had not for a moment been disturbed by the small incident. Indeed, if it had not been for i he long, sharply dejined scar which lay in a siantkig line across the groom's sun fitttiied forehead and cheek, even the memory of the occurrence would have been buried on the first day. The wedding day fell ill January, inimediately after the New Year. Until lately the winter had been unusually mild, .but within the last weeks the cold had been rapidly intensifying. The guests all arrived buried iu furs. Several delicate ladies sent apologies for not. coining, on the score of the weather. It was because of this dearth of ihe fair sex that the idea of the customary dance had to be abandoned, while it was setiled thai ihe festive supper should lie taken early, so as to enable rite newly-imyried couple to reach their home soon after dark". They had a drive of more than twenty-live miles before them, but the moon was nearly full and the sledge-road iu first-class condition. During the supper one of the guests asked his neighbor whether it was true that wolves had been seen at Z . "At Z ?" repeated .the other. "Then we may look out for them about this time next week.' They always travel on the same line." .V few more remarks were juade on ihe subject, and a certain amount «»f interest evinced, bur no one took the matter very seriously, because the various images apt. to be awakened by that word of terror, •''wolves:" were no longer very vivid in the mind of anyuin present, seeing that during two excep 1 tonally mikl seasons no wolf had been heard <>f in the neighborhood. The conversation passed to oihei things and night approached almost imperceptibly. The bridegroom, impatient to lie goue. had more than once urged that it was time for the start; while the bride's father, reluctant to give the farewjilJ kiss to his daughter, insisted i haf f lic-re was no liuriy. It would be 110 darker in another hour than it al ready was, he urged. But if would be colder, argued Dalmaskow. Very well, then, half an hour—he only asked l'oi half an hour more: meanwhile, the sledge with Alexia's maids and boxes should be despatched, "and pert taps for safety's sake I might as well send Va lentin with a gun: there had been a talk of wolves, you know, although I don't think there.can be any'serious danger yet. If you start in half an hour's time you are bound to overtake them within the first three miles. Those blacks cover the ground a&a; treniendotis rate. What do you. tliink?- Shall I send the guuV" : Oh. yes. send the gun by all means." answered Dalmaskow, dreamily, lost in contemplation of Alexia's profile. He wanted to be rid of all thvse noisy people. and yet even to sit beside her Watching the alternate play of liappi ness aiid'df nervousness upon her face was so delicious, that for a time he for- :ot. to look at his watch. It was one of the guests AY ho suddenly noticed the horn' and gave the alarm. Dalmaskow started from his place, in some annoyance. " It was more than au hour uow since the first sledge had started. Someone suggested that it might be more prudent to postpone the departure until the morning, but of this Dalmaskow would not bear for a moment. He b< lieved they' 1 - would overtake ihe first sledge yet in spite of the delay—it was only a "question of enough whip-cord— and, after all, tliey would be at home not long after midnight. Alexia having rapidly changed her wedding-dress for a 1 ravelling-gown, stepped out of the house 011 her father's arm. A low. luxurious sledge stood at the door, and in front: of it a team of coal-black horses, whose c-oats shone like satin in the light of the lanterns, were shading their ears impatiently and stamping holes in the snow. It was ihe father's wedding present to. liis departing daughter. 1 Every item, from the silver bells upou ihe harness down to the costly fur rug which lay ready i'or her feet, had been procured especially for this occasion. Upon the box there sat a familiar figure. "Ivan is to drive you—for the last time," said the old nobleman as he handed his daughter to her seat. It was indeed for the last time, for, somewhat to Alexia's chagrin, Dalmaskow had declined to take her protege into his service. Ivan himself, being questioned, had said that it was better so- lte preferred to remain where he was, ami thus the matter had been settled Ail the same, she was glad that just Ivan aud 110 other should take hello her new home. Except for occasional clouds thai drifted across ihe moon, the night had so far been very light, but they had not driven for long when miuute flakes of snow began to fall. The moon was gradually swallowed up in the sky. leaving the night still light with that peculiar white lightness which any large expanse of snow seems to breathe from out of itself, but much less brilliant than it had been. The horses had done the first few miles in a model fashion, but after a time something seemed to be disturbing them. Their pace became unequal, tliey strained forward irregularly, jostling against each other. It. seemed evident that they were becoiuing unmanagea 1 ile. "I hope that, fellow has not been drinking." said Dalmaskow, beneath his breai h.- "Hey! Look out. there!" lie called to the driver. "You don't seem to have those beasts in hand." To the first of these calls Ivan made no answer, but being shouted at a second time, lie i turned round on his seat ami curtly observed : "It's wolves that they smell! " "Wolves!" repeated Alexia, beneath her breat h, and clutched instinciively -ji her husband's arm. He looked into her frightened face, growing himself ! rather pale as the possibility of this danger rose before him. To turn back : now would probably be more dangerous j than to push on. for behind them was nothing but miles of snow, while in front of them—aud possibly not -0 very far ahead—there must: be. the sledge with that guu of which they had not thought much as yet. but which miglnyet prove to be of paramount, importance. Of course, there was also the possibility of Ivan beinjr mistaken. When another ten minutes had passed, and all still remained silent around then!. Dalmaskow remarked almost confidently to bis young wife that certainly Ivan had made, a mistake. But while he was speaking there came from somewhere far away one single, faint, long-drawn howi, which might easily have been mistaken for the iiowl of a dog. As it died away another answered. and immediately a full, chorus fell in. very far away, very faint, bur this time not to bo mistaken for anything but what it was. By this tipie Ivan had mastered the horses. With the reins wound round his wrists he appeared to be holding them back, rather than urging them on. "Why don't you give them their heads, you fooiv" shouted Dalmaskow, impatiently. Ivan looked at him over his shoulder. "Do 3-01.1 want io die 10-niglit':" he asked, using the familiar pronoun ty. and showing his teeth in an unpleasant smile. "They'll need their breath later on. We'll do plenty of racing yet - never you fear." Dalmaskow was unable to reply. That pronoun in the mouth of a servant had upon him the eft'eci of a blow upon tin; head. Of course, lie should sutler for ii. bui this was not the moment Lor remonstrance. His a Mention ^ as absorbed in looking forward and looking backward — forwards in order to espy the . •.dgo which they knew t<> be in advance: backwards towards the clumps of low bushes vaguely outlined upou the lace of the steppe. By degrees single black spots began to detach themselves from those scattered clumps: in the uncertain light they might have been.the Pushes themselves getting into motion \- they grew more numerous, collceied. and soon were not jpots any longer, but one compact mass, e\ er liro'wing iu size and giving tongue without intermission. Ivan never looked backwards — his ear was enough to teli him the exact distance between them aud their pursueivi;— his eyes.; wt'i'o strained forwards continually. : Suddenly, with a wild lash of the whip, he gave the horses iheir heads, and ihe real chase began. -U ihnt moment he had caught the first far-off .sliiupse ol" the village lights ahead. Now onlv it had become possible to. think of a race. For several silent, breathless minutes they flew along at a mad pace. With a face of ghost -like pallor Alexia .at immovable, clinging closely to her husband's arm. He looked back again, the pack was gaming slowly, but it was unmisiakablv gaining. Those lights ahead did not seem to be any nearer lhan they had been at first. Yet where vhev burned there would he safety; it -ould only be a question of minutes, a question" «>t" gaining ever so little time. Already he could distinguish a. pair of eyes gleaming greenly here aud there, he could hear their savage breathing. Some vague recollections of things he had heard darted through his mind. With ft wrench he seized the costly cover which lay upbii his khees and hurled it backwards towards the. advancing pack, instantly the wolves dropped back For a minute or so they dosed into a howling ball, while Dalmaskow, peering hack intently, could see snow flying like powder from the spot. But; it was not for long: within five minutes the green eyes were again gleaming hard behind the sledge, the outlines of single heads becoming ever clearer. \- assing glimpses of white toothed, sharp snouted faces were to "be cauglii in the light of the carriage lanterns. The distance had been made good again. Alexia's feet were buried in a "footwarmer" of badger fur: Dalmaskow took hold of it and threw it out. He threw out the cushions of the sledge: and each time the pack rolled itself into a ball, and each time the suow flew up. and yet each time again, after a ierriblv brief respite, the pursuers were once more at their heels. The village lights were shining more brightly, but it no lonser seemed possible to reach them. They were only a phantom of safety dangled before the eyes of the pursued. There was no comfort in the siirht. for to be shipwrecked iu view of ilie. 1 tori, is surely more cruel than to be lost at open sea. Nothing seemed to remain except despair. Not a word had been spoken for a long lime. It seemed to Dalmaskow that their pace war again relaxing, or was if only his excited fancy? While he was asking himself this. Ivan turned rouud upon his seat. Dalmaskow could see that the scar across his forehead and cheek had turned of a deep blood-red. Ivan was looking at him with a peculiar brightness in his eyes. '•Do vou remember thai -" he asked, very loud, in order to be heard through the chorus of yelps, and pointing io wards the scar. Dalmaskow neither spoke nor moved. He could only si a re back into the other's eyes, trying to read there what was passing in his mind. Ir occurred to him now that he was absolutely at the mercy of this man. What was the thought in his mind? With a faint erv Alexia pressed closer to her husband's side, lier eyes, wide and.horror stricken, were, likewise upon Ivan's face. Both knew that tliey were standing on the threshold of something awful. though what it was tliey had uo time to guess, for everything passed within a few seconds. Already one Avolf had appeared abreast of ihe sledge. Ivan looked from the face of the husband to that of the wife. His own features were hideously distorted by some infernal agony. Then abruptly he spoke. "Take the reins!" and began in haste 10 unwind them from round his own wrists. Dalmaskow obeyed mechanically, not understanding anything. "This is the way to hold them," said Ivan, sharply ami distinctly: "you can have no power if yon do not hold them like this; have, von got themV" '"Yes." replied Dalmaskow. without knowing that he said the word. "I wanted to kill you.'" said Ivan, in a voice that rose unexpectedly to a higher and shriller tone, "bur it is because of her!" And rising suddenly to his feet he leapt off the sledge into the suow. Once more the wolves dropped back— once more the cloud of snow- flew to the skies, then the horses, feeling the new hand upon their reins, fook tiie bit between their teeth and raced like things possessed. More than a minute passed before that which happened became absoluiely clear to tin- rniuds of either of the persons iu the sledge. When the horses were arrested in tlu village street. Alexia was lying unconscious by the side of her husband. She was carried still unconscious into her new home, where she lay dangerously ill for several months. The first ihing which she did on her recovery was to have a cross put up upon the steppe, a near as possible to the spot where two human bones and one of Ivan's boots had been found. The peasants christened it "Ivan's Crave." aud it has been called so ever since: although in realiiy Ivan belongs the the coinparatively small class of those to whom even a grave has been denied. Both Fedor Dalmaskow and his wife have been dead for a quarter of a century. but the cross still stands, crusted with grey.lichen and already somewhat aslant. A little longer it will stand so, getting more top-heavy every year, until on some wild winter night the storm sweeps it down. No new one will be put in iis place, for by that time a new generation will have arisen aud Ivan will be forgotten.— "StranU ^lagaziue." 