V' ITEMS OF NEWS. | Our Melbourne correspondent writes: — Asa result of the Stock Tax Conferonce, which sat last night, a large deputation, : introduced by Mr i Graham, M.L.A.,- waited on tho Premier in tho I library of Parliament House last evening. All i the speakers strongly protested against tho tax ' being removed, at all events, till the question of ' Federation was settled. Tlioy further denied ' that tho tax raised tho price of meat to the con- j sumer. The Premier, in reply, said that if : Federation wore accomplished the tax would i undoubtedly have to go. But. until Federation; did take place he thought the farmers had a full j right to the protection preforred by the tax. j His own influence would bo cast in favor of a ; retention of the present charge until Federation was brought about. Ho was fully in sympathy with .the deputation, tho membors of which could rost assured of his hearty support. After the meeting of the Borough Council last night, the members accepted the invitation of the Mayor (Cr Williams) to join him in a glass of wine at the Castlemaine Hotel. Together, with the officers and Press, a pleasant hour was passed in song nnd toasting healths. The Queen, the newly-elected Councillors, the Mayor, the ex-Mayor (Cr Elliott), the Officers, and Press wore duly proposed arid honoured, calling forth fitting responses. The cordial gathering was enjoyed by all tho participants in it; . On Wednesday night, the Melbourne Town Hall " Pop's," under the direction of Mr Philip Newbury, will give one of their enjoyable per formances in the Mechanics'. Institute. The/ House Steward of the Hospital thank fully ackowledges the receipt of a number of ' Review of Reviews ' . from Mr . Sparks, of Chewton, for the use of the inmates. The attention of members of .the Liedertafel is drawn 'to an advertisement in to-day's issue, wherein it is notified that those .holding mem ber's tickets can reserve seats at Mr Max/Pinqus' from 9 a.m. to-'morrow. In a cose that is to be heard at the Ohewton Police Court this afternoon, wherein Constable. Luke is the defondunt, Mr J. T. T. Smith (Crown Prosecutor) will conduct the prosecu tion, Mr and S. M. Cornish is to appear for the defonee. The sale of work by the Ministering Children's League, on behalf of the fund for the Cottages by the Sea, that took place in tho School-room of the Congregational Church, realised the expectations that were formed of it. Some interesting particulars were furnished by Mrs E. D. Williams in opening the sale. Amongst other matters, she referred to the initiatory founding of the League in the town, and how that after a temporary suspension it was revived. Miss Calder, of Maldon, the organis ing Secretary of the League, related how the League had been formed for procuring support for poor children in a home founded for them. The Cottage by the Sea was built and furnished by the produce of work done by ladies for it. Many branches were formed in the colony. In West Australia, particular success had crowned the organisation. In three years, L800 had been raised ; the Government granted a site of 6 acres of the best land, and voted L600 for a Convalescent Home. The late Mr H. O. Rowe. was a member. of the /local Hospital / Committee' for 21 years, and that body yesterday resolved to send a letter of condolence to deceased's widow nnd family.' . The Hospital; Committee /haying, been . uiisuc-; cossful intlio effort, to secure tho services rif a qualified local supervisor of the hot water system that is proposed to bo adopted through out the institution, yesterday resolved to engago Mr Inglis, of Melbourne; to . suporiutond the work. Ho is to prepare- the specifications, and tenders will thereafter bo called ;for. supply ing the hot water service. A large audience witnessed the performance of the . drama, "In tho Ranks," at the'Royal Princess Theatre, Bendigo, on Wednesdiiy.night. A Costlomaine native (Miss Lilian Wheeler, daughter of the late Mrs Nightingale, who for many years edited the ' Representative ' here) appeared in the role of Ruth Herriek, and 'her performance is spoken of in highly, compli mentary terms by the Press. The ' Advertiser ' says Miss Lilian Wheeler made her first, appearance bofore a .Bendigo audience. She played in, a quiet and refined manner, and in vested her representation with natural gtaceand dignity. Novor oneo did her impersonation Aug in interest,' her pretty face arid well-pitched, clear voice combining with her- clover acting to make up a charming ' persorioHe,.'. ; She displays, an rintuitivo conception of dramatic effect, which should. stand her in good stead should sho atiiny time essay's more difficult class of heroine." At the meeting - of the Borough Council last night, Or Williams (Mayor), suggested that the Councillors accompany him to the Congre gational Church on Sunday week, when they would hear a good sermon, , All tho Council lors agreed . to tho proposal, and will meet at tho Town Hall, and proceed to the Church. A number of counterfeit florins lire in circula tion throughout the Bendigo district. They consist partly of a certain issue of a penny, and may be detected by a coppery hue. . On pressure round the rim with a penknife tho coin will separato in two parts! The Molbourno Children's Hospital is finan cially embarrassed, and hiis been obliged to close two wards, accommodating 84 patients. Anglers should remember that the close season for' black fish began yesterday, and lasts till December loth. Tho gold received at the ,,;Melbourne Mint during August amounted to -90, 704, against 100,335 in August, . 1897, / , ., ,, Tho flimsiness of the fabrio. upon which the "ghost" fictions have been woven in Bendigo is demonstrated by . the conclusion ' which is generally expressed, that the :appoarances havo boon produced. by someone with a magic lantern operated from a house close to the Hospital. The finding of tho muslin is an admitted false hood, as are all' the other stories about persons being accoBted in the streets .by a -.white clad masqUerader. \- _ Further complications have arisen in connec tion with the Dreyfus, case.' Colonel Henry, of tho Statistical Department of the army, who, in March last, fought a duel with- Colonel Picquart, ' in which he was wounded, has been arrested. He has confessed that lie was the author of the letter written in October, 1896, in which Captain Droyfus was named, and which was referrod to at the trial of M. Zola in Foliruary last. At iv magisterial inquiry in the circumstances of tho death rif tho child Ethel Freeman, who was found doad in tho bush at Blackwuny, a post-mortem examination showed that the child had bean seized with an epileptic fit, induced by fright at boing lost, and that in tho struggles the elastic of her hat had got tightly wound round her throat, and suffocated her. 