Tinkletop's Crime. By Geokge R. Sims. Mr Jeremiah Tinkletop was a very nice old gentleman. He had commenced life as a stable-boy ; he had acquired an ex tensive and peculiar knowledge of life in an atmosphere redolent of artfulness ; he had drifted onto the turf, first as tout and runner to a bookmaker, then ho had be come the bookmaker's clerk, and then the bookmaker's partner, and eventually he had finished up by being a bookmaker absolutely on his own account. In the practice of his calling he had acquired a large fortune, and having come to sixty years of age without experiencing the tender passion, he had settled down into the typical nice old boy— fond of a good dinner, fond of good company, and ever ready to beam on those around him with that benevolent smile which is so easy when you have a good balance at the bank and a large fortune safely invested in sound securities. Everybody liked "Old Jerry Tinkle- top," as he was familiarly called, " Good old Tinkletop " the young fellows said when they spoke about him. Ever ready with a kindly word, and never backward in putting his hand in his pocket for a de serving case, what wonder that he was a popular old gentleman, and much run after by the people who are always hang ing about the residence of Dives on the look-out for crumbs ? Having said all this in Tinkletop's favour, I am compelled by the necessities of my narrative to say a little on the other side. But if I show Mr Tinkletop in a light which would not recommend him to the Archbishop of Canterbury as a bosom friend, 1 do so with a full sense of my re sponsibility. Parents who read this true story aloud to their children will, I am sure, be gratified by its moral ; for its moral is irreproachable. Mr Tinkletop— he was old enough to know better — oc casionally kept doubtful company. It was very wrong of him, but look at the bring ing up which he had and the whole sur- roundings of his life ! Don't imagine for one moment that I am attempting to de fend him. On the contrary, I am going to show what happened to him in conse quence of his keeping doubtful company in order that it may be a warning to all old gentlemen of the same age. When I say " doubtful " compatiy I do not wish to be misunderstood. Where I think Tinkletop was wrong — and I have argued the matter out with some of the best men in the country who knew him — was in allowing fighting men, boxing men, and the inferior kind of racing men to be too familiar with him. He should have kept them at their dis tance. If he had become a churchwarden or a vestryman, and interested- himself in parochial matters, he might have passed his" evenings "in very different company. Still, we know that Fate moves in a very! mysterious way, and it is quite possible that Mr Tinkletop was meant to do as he did in order to " point a moral and adorn a tale." One evening, then — the date iB quite unnecessary — Mr Tinkletop having been invited to join a nice little, party at a famous restaurant, which had gorgeous room3 up-atairs and a cafd and a bar below, put on his dress-coat, placed a beautiful "malmaison" in hie button hole, and sallied forth. The dinner was charming, and so was the company There was Captain Jinks of the Horse Marines and Mrs Jinks ; and Tom Cobblestone, the gentleman who had begun life as a 'bus-driver and was now the owner of a score of racehorses and the tackiest man on the iurf ; there was Pro fessor Pot Walloper, the celebrated master of the noble art of self-defence, who taught all the nobility how to box ; there was young Lord De Juggins, who had just inherited a couple of millions and the title from his grandfather ; there was Miss Lola D'Arcy, a charmingly pretty songstress ont of an engagement for the moment in consequence of the Frivolity season being over; and there was her brother, Jack Smith, whose occnpation was unknown to anyone but himself. Besides these there were several ladies and gentlemen who were less known to fame, but they were all excellent com pany. Tinkletop sat next to Miss D'Arcy, and he thought she was very charming. She was very nice and affable, and her con versation was bright and cheety, and she didn't snub Tinkletop in the least because he was old. As the dinner progressed the good- fellowship increased all round, and a happier, merrier party never assembled nnder the roof of the famous restaurant. When dinner was over the company began to separate. Some had engagements elsewhere. Some were going to the theatre and others to their club3. Pre sently Miss D'Arcy and Tinkletop, and Professor Pot Walloper and Mtss D'Arcy's brother were the only ones left at the table. Suddenly Tinkletop had an idea. " Let's all go to the opera," he said. " I'll take a box. It's ' Faust ' to-night, and they say Gus Harris has put it ou Al." " Oh, I should like it immensely," said Miss D'Arcy. "The De Reszkes are splendid. Shall we go, Jack ?" " Certainly," replied Jack. " You three go first, and I'll follow you." " Right, my boy 1'" exclaimed Tinkle top, delighted. He thought an evening at the ooera. with the pleasure of Miss D'Arcy's society, would be magnificent, and he wa3 quite radiant with dinner and delight when he rose to get his overcoat. Jack, the brother of Miss D'Arcy, had gone out of the room ; Miss D'Arcy was just going to get her cloak ; and Profes sor Walloper was pouring the Chartreuse into his coffee cup, as he found the liqueur-glass so absurdly small to drink out of, when there entered suddenly a handsome young gentleman in faultless evening dress. Miss D'Arcy started. "Oh. Cantain Jones I" she said. " 1 am so sorry. I'd forgotten all about you." ' ' I thought so," replied the Captain. " I met your brother outside, and he iold me you were here. Are you ready ? " " Quite ready," said Miss D'Arcy. Then, turning to Tinkletop, she said with a sweet smile, " I'm so sorry, Mr Tinkle top, hut I'd quite forgotten that I'd pro mised to go to the Lyceum this avenin< with Uaptara Jones. It's all Jack's fault — he ought to have reminded me." Another smile, a little nod of the head, and the vision of beauty had gone — and so had Captain Jones ! Tinkletop fell back heavily into a chair, one arm in his overcoat and the other arm out. " Well 1" he yelled, ' ' of all the cool impudence I The idea of that fellow daring to walk in here and take Miss D'Arcy off before my very eyes !" " Why didn't you give him one over the noBe?" said Professor Walloper, putting half a dozen big cigars into his pocket. " Why didn't I ?" exclaimed Mr Tinkle top, almost in a white heat with rage, " because I'm old enough to be his father, and my boxing daya'are over. But I'd give a hundred to have been young enough to do it." "Give a tenner," said the Professor, " and somebody else '11 do the job for you." " Give a tenner to have that fellow taught manners ? Wouldn't I ! Rather!" " Give us your tenner," said the Pro fessor, " and consider it's done." " No violence !" exclaimed Tinkletop, as he pat his hand in his waistcoat pocket. "Lor' bless yon, no. Look here, you just want his hat knocked over his eyes and his shirt- front spoilt, to teach him not to be so jolly fast a-coming into pri vate rooms, and taking the company away. That's it, ain't it ?" "Yes," said Tinkletop, "that's it. Make him look ridiculous in Miss D'Arcy's eyes, that's all " , " Don't you fidget yourself," said the Professor, grabbing the tenner from the hesitating fingers of Mr Tinkletop, " it's only a little leBBon he'll get. There's two or three of the division down-stairs that'll be glad of the job, and do it well." Professor Walloper stuffed the note into his pocket and went down-stairs, leaving Tinkletop alone with the head waiter, who had jnst come in with the bill, the reBt of the company — including the donor of the dinner — having quite forgotten that it wasn't settled. When Tinkletop went down-stairs he met the Professor standing in the doorway. "it's all right, guv'nor," said Wal loper, "the three chaps I've given the office to are gone to the Lyceum. They know their man, and when he comes ont they'll give him a little lesson in good manners." Mr Tinkletop said nothing, but went off home in a very bad temper. Long before he reached his residence he was sorry that he had said anything to Wal loper at all. Suppose the three roughs hurt the young fellow ! Oh, nonsense I he wasn't going to worry himself about that. He had three whiskies and five p'pea and went to bed and had an exeeed- inslv bad night, for he dreamt that he was standing at the altar with Miss D'Arcy, who was just about to say, " I will," and become Mrs Tinkletop, when a young fellow came up from a trap in the floor, and, seizing her, bore her away through the roof before his very eyes. At half -past ten the next morning Mr Tinkletop was having his breakfast when the servant came in and said that a gentle man wanted to see him on a very impor tant matter. " Show him in," said Tinkletop. The gentleman came in, and proved to be Professor Walloper. The Professor's features were distorted with anxiety. " Good Heavens, Walloper 1" shrieked Tinkletop, as he saw the expression of the Professor's face, "what's the matter? There was no — no mischief done last night, was there ?" " No," replied the Professor, his voice gruff and gloomy, and his face as long as a farthing kite, " no mischief ; only them blessed fools went and killed the Cap- ting, that's all." " What I No, no I Yon have not come here to tell me the poor young fellow is dead?" The Professor shrugged his shoulders. That's the size of it, guv'nor, ho said. They hit him on the 'ed as he was going along the Embankment, meaning only to bash his hat in, and he went down like a log, and when they felt his heart he was dead. It's a very orful thing." " Awful 1" exclaimed Tinkletop, mop ping his brow, " it's terrible I it's ruin — ruin to us all I" " Oh, I don't know about that," Baid the Professor ; "it mightn't come to hanging, if we're careful." " Hanging ! Oh, don't, don't I" moaned Tinkletop, as he bnried his face in his hands ; " have the— the nolicn-is? ' found the body I" g"5 "No! not yet. My chaps tied a bricP ' round the Capting's neck, and threw hii& into the river." gT " Oh, dear, oh, dear ?" gasped the old , gentleman, " how shocking I That makeK- it look like a deliberate crime. Pool" young fellow. I wouldn't have had it-' happen for twenty thousand pounds." jkT ' ' Well, what are you going to do ?" "I— er — I don't know. I'm over-? whelmed. Help me to think." " Well, you see, it's like this. You're all right if it never comes out as it waaj;- you as paid to have the Captain mur I mean bashed ; but them three young" fellows as done it —you ought to think o£ Ihem. One of 'em's conscience is prick-' , ing him already, and he says he will and make a clean breast of it to the police fi and say as it was your gold as tempted him-—" 6 "What! If he does that, I'm losU"|,- yelled Tinkletop. t_ "So I Baid," replied the Professor. " And I argeyed it out with him, and I got?-' 'em all to agree to get out of the country and lie quiet till they see if the body's f. found, or the Captain's friends enquire about it. It might blow over, you know, It in time—" fL "Yes, yes, quite right; and will they |v go?" fe " Well, you see, guv'nor, they're poor fes fellows ; they aint got the coin to spare, ID? and they've got mothers depending on em." pi " I'll pay all expenses." gg&- " I told 'em you would ; bo they said a ffc hunderd 'ud do it, and they're waitin' in M-, a place of safety. Give me the hunderd 1 gj and I'll go and ship 'em off to Spain at ||| once." |p " Here you are — here's the hundred- pound note. Go, go at once ?" Iggi The Professor took the hundred pounds, ||« groaned inwardly, and left the room, g?< Then Tinkletop bnried his face in his Ife hands and shed scalding tears. He would ifr have given all his vast wealth and gone gs hack to be a stable-boy again if he could j& only have undone that dark night'B work, fn Wi For a week Jeremiah Tinkletop was pt like a man in a dream. He couldn't eat |f or sleep, for murder was on his soul and p terror in his heart. He trembled at every f| sound. When he met the hangman in \ A public thoroughfare he always blushedand fe looked the other way. A fortnight after & the first interview the Professor turned up t| again. " One of the young fellows had g got home-sick, and was coming back. He k couldn't stand Spain. If he could go to | Australia ." It was the one that | wanted to make a clean breast of it. | " Yes, yes : let him go to Australia ; I 'et 'em all go," murmured Tinkletop ; J " the farther away they go, the better I I Bhall like it." | It was two hundred pounds that the Professor took away to send to Spain that day. It would just pay the fares of the three accomplices to Australia, and leave them a little to live on when they got there. Six weeksaf forwards the Professor came again. This time he only had another hundred for the poor young fellows, but in about six months Mr Tinkletop's crime had coat him £1000. It might have coat him more ; but one afternoon while walking down Regent- street he came suddenly upon Miss Lola D'Arcy, and she was leaning on the arm of the murdered man ? At first Tinkle top thought it was a ghost, and his knees trembled under him. He was to be haunted 1 . . But presently, as he was wiping ttw heavy drops of perspiration fromhis brow, he saw the murdered man and Miss D'Arcy go into a jeweller's shop. They asked to see some wedding rings. The young lady tried one on, and the murdered man put down a hundred pound note to pay for it. - Tinkletop was looking through the win dow and saw the number of the note. It was the number of the note he had only that morning given to the Professor for those poor young fellows in Austraiia. With a wild c y of rage Tinkletop turned away, and hailing a passing omnibus, went home, and tore up the confession of murder which he had left in a secret drawer of his writing-desk, to be opened with his will. <# Professor Walloper only grinned when he met the infuriated Tinkletop that evening. He said it was a rattling good "barney "—whatever that may mean — and everybody who was in the know,, and a good many were, laughed too and said it was the finest practical joke they'd heard for years. It had all been got up for Tinkletop by his " friends, "and the Captain had never even been followed. The money obtained of the amorous bookmaker had been equally divided among the merry con spirators, and on their share of the "joke " Miss D'Arcy and the Cap vain had arranged to get married. In honour of their benefactor their first little boy had " Tinkletop " given to him as a Christian name. In the course of time Mr Tinkletop sufficiently recovered his equanimity to tell the story himself, and now he laughs as loudly as anyone at the terror he ex perienced in consequence of hi3 share in the " crime." But he is more careful than he was about the company he keeps, and there is a whisper in the neighbourhood in which he lives that next year he will stand for churchwarden, and devote his leisure to parochial affairs, and spend his evenings at the local club, where everybody is eminently respectable and the whiskey unimpeachable. 