THE HOUSE OF' ANGUISH. . (By Marie Connor Leighton.) CHAPTER YII. (Continued) The old servant burst jnto sobs. 'Oh, Miss Silviana, I can't think it's you that's talking to me ; it's only like the ghost of you! I've been grieving and grieving for your father; but now I'm thankful that he's gona He^was always talking about you, and looking forward to the time when you'd be t.o free and come home again:, but if he'd been still living, it -would, have killed aim outright to see you like this. So I'm thankful that the Lord in His mercy took him away.' . It -was late at night, for Silviana, had started from the laborer's cottage when dusk fell, having been obliged to hide there throughout the day owing to the keeness of the search that was being made for her. AH through that night she watched by her dead father ; then, j when morning came — it was the morn ing of* the dayUn which he was to be buried — she roused herself from the tor- 1 por of her grief and found paper and ,pens to write a letter to the lover whose : ?faithlessness staibbed her to the heart. This was the letter she wrote :. ,\ v '40, Japonica-road, , , 'West Hampstead. .;.;' As you will read in this morning's, newspapers, I liare escaped from prison. ? I, was driven to make an ^attempt to es cape by the desire to see father's faee again before it was hidden from my sight for ever. I am not going to ask you/ to see me, because our meeting could not be a welcome one to you. -You think, no doubt, that I am indignant at you having forsaken me for another. But this is, not so. 'The news huijj me cruelly when I heard it, but I understand now that you' could not have done anything else — that I had no right even to hope that you would keep true tome — uselessly, hopelessly true — just to save my heart from breaking. I was never worthy of you, and perhaps I ought not to have let you love me and bind yourself to me. But I shall always -think of you, and in my desolate misery I w31 always pray ior you. 'Why I am-wrifing- is ix-iell you, while yet I am free to do so— for I may be ar rested at any moment — something that I could not tell you when you came to see me at the prison. Perhaps, al though you do not love me any more, you will stall do -what yon can to get my innocence proved; and so I want to tell you that I believe that my helpless sleep on that terrible journey up from Dover was caused by some drug haying been ? put in the claret which I drank at the refreshment baa: at Doven That claret i?as brought to mo, although. I had asked ior tea, and I would have told you this before my trial, but I did:oofcthea think it worth telling. Now* hpwerer, the man, who garre me fiie daarefc, and wbo tunate companion upon the boat, is I loitering constantly about . Fullerton Prison, is sending me messages by stratagem, and has been trying to per suade me to let him contrive my success ful escape from prison on condition that I will marry him and leave the country with him at once when he has got me out. ?What does this mean! I cannot understand it. But perhaps you will find it help you. He calls himself Fred erick Barlow. If 'It is really the same man as he who stared at us on the boat, he looks about thirty-fire, and has a fair moustache and dark hair. 'This is all I can tell you. God bless you and keep you and make you happy. If you would write to me at times, and tell me of your' 'own1 life, it would 'help me to endure the agony of mine.' Sarah took this letter to the post when she came downstairsj two or three hours later. ? ? ? : ' 'I am waiting for the police,' Silviana said to her soon afterwards. 'They are sure to come soon. . And now I do not care. The prison is the only home left tome.' ;?;??? ? .;/': ...-..??. ?:.?,.??:-.? 'But what of Mr. Chichester ?' cried old Sarah in wonder. 'Oh, Miss Sil viana, have you forgotten him 1' ' 'He is nothing to me now, Sarah. He is going 'to marry his cousin, Sir Her bert iChichester's daughter.' . The faithful old servant looked amaz ed. ????? ; -??? : .-:??? ?? -;'-'-/..;v :v-v- ;:???:? 'Well, I'd never have believed- it if anybody else had told me !' she cried indignantly. 'And he coining here al most day by day and looking after your poor father as if he'd been his own son! Why, he was here only yesterday! He only Avent away about two hours before you came. And 'he was talking all the time about you, and how brave you were and how you were suffering. ' Why, I'd have declared with my dying breath that he'd be faithful to you, Miss Sil viana, even if he never saw you any more in this world !' The escaped convict moaned aloud in the bitterness of her grief. 'Don't blame him, Sarah,' she said. 'He loved me truly once.' ; . Something in what the old servant had said, however, put into her head the idea of trying to catch a glimpse of Frank — herself unseen by him— before the doors of the terrible place of retribu tion should close once more upon her. He would no doubt be staying now at Sir Herbert Chichester's residence Brackenbury House, High Barnet. That was not very far away ; she could get there easily and quickly. If. 'she went at once, she might reach the place before certain recognition came, bringing with it her re-arrest. She did not mean to appear at the front door of Brackenbury House. She only meant to steal in unperceived through the garden and look in at the morning-room window. Frank had so often described it to her. She1 knew it was a French window, and that almost in front of it there was a bush behind which she could crouch, while her eyes searched the room for his worshipped foce and form. going lo Brackenbury House. I may be re-taken before I can come back back Good-bye and God bless you ! ,May He reward you, too, for all that y.u have done for my father ! And if Mr. Chi ehester conies here again, tell him i-f my being here, and anything about me that you may wish to tell him.' - The old servant clung to her, weeping ' and imploring her for the sake of her, own safety nob to leave the house; But ? Silviana put her from her with a sad | smile, and went. . j It was close upon noon when she! stole in at the gates of Brackenbury j House, and made her way to the window : of the morning-room. When she reach-! ed it and peered within she found that' the room was empty. The French win dows were unfastened, and, acting on impulse, she pushed one. of the glass doors open and' entered. How 'she. found courage to do so she did not know. She only: felt instinctively that Frank Chi chester would come into the room soon, and that she must see him at any 'cost, since this present opportunity of look ing upon his loved face might be the last that life would ever offer her. ?. Slie hid herself behind one of thecur t a ins of the window embrasure. Was there any. harm in her doing so 1 Surely not; ;She did not 'mean to trouble either Mm or his new love. She only meant to1 look at him once, herself unseen— if kindly Fortune should give her the chance— and then steal out again as she had come, and -surrender herself to her inevitable fate. ? She waited ten minutes. Then the room door opened, and three persons en tered. They were Frank Chdchester, his cousin, Clara Chichester, and Sir Herbert himself, who followed them. How her heart beat at the sight of her lover, and of the woman who had sup planted her in his heart ! ? ' . The three advanced into the hand some . room and approached the fire place, where a clear, bright fire was burning. What a contrast between this elegant room and the outer world from which she, Silviana, had come, and to which she must presently return V For an instant the hope came to her— born, perhaps, on the sadness on Frank Chichester's face — that after all there might have been some mistake as to her lover's unfaithfulness jto her. Perhaps the man who had sent the paragraph to the society column of the daily paper had been mistaken : perhaps, even, the letter' from Sir Herbert which the strange woman had shown her in her cell had been a forgery. She remem bered the happy days that had been, and her hope grew brighter and brighter. And 'Elien, presently, it was shattered, for Sir Herbert Chichester spoke. 'I suppose you are thinking that I am dealing hardly with you in not allowing you to get married immediately?' he said in a bantering tone. Clara Chichester blushed. The words and the blush told the un happy girl listening behind the curtain that her hope had been in vain. The terrible news brought by the mysterious prison visitor was true. . Frank Chiches ter hadjjransferred his love to aaothert 