THE STORY OF A STAMPEDE. A FAMOUS INCIDENT OF COWBOY LIFE. In 1876 the Wilson Brothers, of Kansas City, purchased over 15,000 head of cattle and arranged to centralise the herd near Comanche Springs, in M'Lennan County. On the 4th of July the entire herd was tfader way, headed for Towash, on the Brazos River. It was a magnificent army of steers, in superb condition, kept together by a corps of twenty live cowboys, mounted on broncos. At four o clock in the afternoon, writes J. c. orannii in the Independent, a black cloud showed above the foothills, and the sun shining against it painted a rainbow which appeared to touch the earth at both ends. The entire herd became nervous, and showed their fear by those low hellowings ominous to the experienced cattleman as the muttering thunder. When the sun set, the cattle were bedded on the plains near the South Bosque. A detail of four cowboys was made for the first watch, and these mounted sentinels took their places and rode silently around the sleeping squadron of long-horns. The first watch ended at nine o'clock, and the second watch went on duty. At ten o'clock the cattle appeared to be sleeping profoundly. The cowboys say that cattle dream and see ghosts ; it is certain that this drove of fifteen thousand was nervous, made so, perhaps, by the thunder storm of the previous afternoon and the rain bow which they eyed with suspicion. The stars were all shining, and there was no cause at all for the arousing of the herd. They appeared to get up all at once, with a single purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a single throat. The Wilson brothers and their cowboys, who were sleeping in their camp, rushed to their ponies, who were grazing with the saddles and bridles on, and us fast as the bits could be replaced in their mouths, they mounted and galloped to the flanks of the now disappearing masB. The cowboys kept out of the way of the charging mass, and galloped on the flanks, moving toward the head of the column, hoping to start them moving in a circle. As the herd rushed on, their horns rattled together, and all the hornB of fifteen thousand head of cattle rattling together sounded like an im mense concert of castanets. The chief of the Wilson brothers was riding a cream- coloured stallion, and he had bis Colt's revolver in his hand. One of the cowboys on a gray boree was able to keep up with him. These two distanced all the others. They rode across the front of the stampede, which is a feat attended with terrific danger ; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if his horse should stumble and fall, he may be put down as a thing of the pant. The herd will ' wipe him out.' There was a bunch of about fifty cattle fully twenty yards in advance, and towards this leading group the two rescuers rode. Of the leading group, also, some were faster than others, and this group rau in a diamond shape, with two immense steers leading all. When Mr. Wilson and his com panion reached the two leading steers they began shooting their revolvers close to them, ana in that way the bunch was made to oblique, and as the leading bunch of cattle obliqued, the main stampede obliqued, and the first step in ' milling ' had been taken. By this time the cattle were getting tired. Nearly five miles had been covered, and the breath of the leaders was coming short and painfully ; but they were rushing on, because the front cattle at this time knew as a matter of fact their only safety was in keeping up the run. Mr. Wilson had a Mexican along, one of the best cowboys in the south-west. This Mexi can had been to the little brandy runlet too often, and hiB usual excellent judgment «vent awry. When he succeeded in getting mounted, the stampede had gone past him, bo that when he overtook the rear end he passed to the front on the other bide and rode on the wrong flank. When he reached the head of the herd, he was just in time to defeat the manoeuvre then under execution of bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semi-circle. Revolver in band, disregarding the other men, he began shooting in the faces of the wild steers ; and the effect of this was to straighten the run and bring the ad vance straight toward a precipice. This precipice wm r wash io the prairie, forming a deep ratine fully thirty yards wide ; and in a shorter time than it takes to tell the head of the column was pouring over, a horrible cas cade of beef, plunging madly into destruction while fleeing from an imaginary danger. When Mr. Wilson and his lieutenants saw that it was impossible to save their cattle, they saved themselves by dexteriously turning at right angles at full speed and riding out of the way. They next returned to the flank and held a council of war. A few seconds decided them, and all hands commenced shooting into the herd, the object now being to build a breast work of carcasses and save the rear end from the destruction that had overtaken the front. The gully was nearly full by this time. They were snorting and bellowing, crashing and tearing, and still heaping up ; and when the tiring began the wounded ones tumbled over on the others, and in a short time the gully, like the sunken road at Waterloo, was bridged by carcasses. The herd surged up in billows, and bent now because it could not do otherwise. The semi-circle was formed, and Wilson and his men crossed the gully below and rode round the opposite side and re crossed ; and in a short time they had the cattle halted, forming an incomplete letter O, and there they stood, blowing, bellowing, shivering. All hands remained on watch all night, and in the morning, when a count was made, it was ascertained that twenty-seven hundred head were missing. There were afterwards twenty-seven hundred pairs of horns taken from that gully. It was called ' Stampede Gaily ' for many years'afterwards. 