A GERMAN WEAVING; VILL AGK. Account; uf hit visit to a little-known district of Germany, from \\\ l.icli we take the following: —! About 200 miles from the German capital, in, the northern part of the province of Sihsia, there is a lino of low hills called the Hwystack Mountains. Scattered among these hills, some times in villages and again in detached and isolated log csbina, are to he found about 2,000 people, who nrc called the Huugcr-Mcnschon— human beings who never have enough to eat. Their business is band-loom weaving, ami ithas been carried on so long on starvation wages that their bodies have shrunk and dwindled until the' anthropologist ra«y almost classify them as a; separate species of the. human family. Mott ofj these weavt-ra live in the little county of Glatz,; but a few hours'ride, from D-.eslau, and Gold-] bach it the Scbaudfleck or shame spot ofj .Germany. ! It was a cold, rainy April morning that; Itjborg and I climbed from Roinerz to tho broad; plateau on which the miserable little hamlet is] situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff climbing! we reachtd the lop, and Goldbach lay before us.! Its low cabins weie strung along both sides of. the roadway for nearly half a milt, and eve in from whiTO wo stood we could hoar fchaj monotonous click- clack of thelong linenf looms.’, Some little children ran into the cabins to] make known our arrival. The click-clack! stopped for a moment, and ghost-like face3: peered out of the wiudows. Such withered humn'n beings I had never seen before. Their* eyes were sunken and dull, and tho skin onj their'faces when nut sickly white was of a, dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon us| bewildered, and then fell hack tu Ihtir louini,| and tile click-clack began afresh. We lrnh-j dered on to the eud of tho hamlet and then] back to tho inn, and tho only living creatures; we saw were the children and the faces in the window. There was nut a horj.e or dog any-] where in sight, and the impression the little? village garc us was that of an isulated uttle-; ucut, shut off from human sympathy and eveuj deserted by the de motic animals, Hurr Snmmek, the mayor, was a wrinkled! little man, hardly up to my shoulder,Hiul there wrs a worried look in his face which I had not* noticed among the other villagers. It comts, Ij fuuoy, from the woiuying efforts to collect village taxes. He was anxious that we should’ have his official statement of tho case. Geld-: bkch, lie said, was the poorest place m t-hoj entire district. There are nearly a hundred weavers in the village, and they just barely: exist. In the Bohemian-speaking village* far ther to the west the weavers have always luulj the ulterEstfiYO of woiking in the woods or at] thoir looms as they chose, and they etc conse-j quently better situated. In Goldbach, how* very this choice has never existed, and the villagers, arc now so weak and unaccustomed to out-door] labour that they simply cun nob undertake it.j All that they are capable txf is a littiu wuik] in their gardens nml wesr.ing, and the cutii-j petition with machines ra so gruit that tin irj cloth must be sold at the vc:y lnrfi-st ptiecs.' Tho Government in 1852 bought the land in' Goldbach and resold it to the weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay lire marks a y» ar on his lot till the <h.bc wai cancclhd. Before that time the village had been in the hands of Urge land proprietors, and it was purchased from them in thn hope that personal ownership of house and garden would give tho weaver a now impetus to work. Had there been enough work for them this hope, no doubt, would have been realised, but hand-loom weaving is so little in demand to-day \ Jet tho lots are still unpaid for. Tho average animal Income of a family of eight persoos is not more] than 400 mark*, or less than £SQ. This is BUp*j posed to cover all erpenre*.*, c.ul it is not hard! to undeislnud why there arc so many; mortgages. The mom kinds of weaving done in Goldbach] are shillings, handkerchiefs, sheet-, and ticking.; ‘A middlen an, Jiving in Reiners, furnishes the) raw stuffs, and then buys tbn cloth at a vain a j tion agreed upon bsf Disband. The Govern •] ,ment has also had some work dono hero, but a t it usually wants towels for army, amd thij weavers arc to wmlf **> do r-jch heavy we ivinffj tho middleman is Dioni>5a employer. If ln?ic is a flaw in tho cloth returned to him it ia not( paid for, and a c?.eo is known where a woman! worked two weeks on some shietiugs and all. payment for thn doth* delivered was refused] because of some little i<e. Tho bill of fare! in the village vaifea little in the different, cabins, but in the main it consists of rye( coffee, rye bread, and meal. A quter' mixture of dough and meal is the favourite, dish for Sundays. Potatoes are eaten when] cheap enough. Most of the weavers have: little gardens where thty raise all the vegetables] they can, but their lots are so small that tiny have no room for larf 2 crops. Their potatoes give out very early in the winter. Meat ib sel dom seen. Herr Stuuacck lias it race a week,j but he earns an extra 150 nmtks a year for his, public services, and can afford it. The others get a taste of it once in six months. The greater part of tho weavers in Goldbach are' blood kindred, and married couples are fre quently first cousins, but malformed children arc curprisingly rare. Nearly evt ry household has at least four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I asked Herr Paid, as he bnd remaikcd upon tho fact, how he accounted for it. lie shook his head doubtfully, and at firft did not seem tu have any explanation to give, but ho finally said, “ Na ! the air helps a little !” When tho children begin to weave, however, the life soon tells cn them, and if th<y keep it up thty grow thin and weak. As soon as a child can turn the crank of the spooling machine he is enlisted into the ser vice, and has almost as many hours of toil as his parents. At live o'clock, summer and winter, be must b'» up and doing, and after thoj few hours at school and pby, he works on into the night with his ciders. I asked Herr Sam-! nick if he did not think the older people would j be strong if tiny worked out of doors a little—j on farms for example. “Wo have tried it,” he, replied, “but wc ere too tliiu blooded. Even, in summer, if the wind bluus hard, wo shiver as you do in winter, and no farmer will take us.” “ But could you not go into factories ?” A look, of despair came into his fare. “ It is the same thing there,” he aik were 1. “IF we ask a manufacturer for with, he s ys wc cau’t do! enough. You r *8 wc tho strength to run] the big .machines, and in factories they want jot op le that car- work hard. No; all Glut we, can do is to weave.” In answer to an inquiiy why there is so little work, he said that the factories contr ijrd the market, and it was only by working cht-ip ;r than y hands that home weavers were able to '3nd any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, against hand loom cloth. Early in the afternoon we started out on our round of tho cabins. The lir?t one belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been a weaver ever since her eighth year. I hud heard that sho took part in the revolution. “ Oh, that was a terrible time,” she said, hold ing her finger against her nose in a characteris tic Germ»n way. “ We had only grass to eat then. I remember my mother sending mo out many anight to cut grass and dandelions for the evening soup. I wasn't in the revolution myself, but my lover was. He nover came back-•” And the poor old soul began feeling around in lhe threads oT the loom. “Oh.yes ; it's much better now,” she continued. “ Wc have bread every day, and you can’t starve on (hat, can you ?” We called next on 11 err Pshl, as he hud nuked us to take his picture. Wo found turn waiting for us on his doorstep, and as wo entered the cabin he picked up a sore-ryed skeleton-looking baby, saying, “Gentlemen, this is my eleventh.’’ We saw b.it six children, and asked where the rest were. “ lu the grave yard,” he returned, and I fancied that I paw a look of thankfulness on his face. “Idou’t want charity,” ho explained, “but I do think they might give mo work. If I had enough to ]do I could feed my children on bn ad at least, ■but now I can’t earn over three marks a week. •That’s the reason the other children died. They weren’t si«*k—no one gets hick here—they just got thinner and thinner and withered away,” At all of the other cabins wc heurd practically the same story. The looms were always click-, ing, and the children were cither spooling or‘ peeling potatoes, __ Mamma—Where’s papa? Flora—He’s down stairs. Mamma—What’s he do ing? Flora—His bicycle Is out of breaft and he’s giving it some more.—London 