QBIIIIIf jilL — — - . . A HEADACHE. Reapbb mine, blest art thou if thou hast never known headache. Like the toothache, with its ' venom' d stang as Barns hath it, headache begets bnt small svmnathv for the person to whom the head belongs. It is trivial, a mere passing throb of an upward artery, an unpleasant sensation, a by no means serious affliction, and so on ; and those around you laugh and joke and play as usual. Personally I have experienced many pains, but when in extremis, with the other land full in view, I ask to be spared pain in the head. Of course, headaches proceed from various causes, and, therefore, the sufferer is subjected to no end of per sistent advica from good-natured, but in tolerable, amateur pain allayers. They are all cocksure as to the cause of your pain, und are quite positive as to the efficaoy of their remedy ; and if one is only weak enough to give ear to their experiences and the 'wonderful effects' of their nostrums, one might soon give up the ghost and become a more or loss decent-looking corpse for a coroner to 'sit on,' in order .to discover from which of tbo many nauseous poisons one re ceived one's quietus. Without being a very weak subject I recently sampled a good many of these 'infallible' remedies for headache, and my experience is that 'twere better to endure the ills one is quite sure of than to venture upon even a trial of those one is in ignorance about. The idea of headache pains assuming shape and form got a firm hold of me the other day when suffering snch torment that the pain became almost exquisite. I became so interested in the volatile movements of these pain 'gamins' that I not only grinned but laughed outright. Of course 1 was quite obliviouB ot all mundane things, for though my lively tormentors assumed mundane forms, and engaged in mundane occupations, I recognized the fact that I was under some sort of a spell in spirit-land. Dear reader, I am ssrions when I say that the imps that scampered over my poor brain were not blue, and had no affinity with such earthly spirits as derive their origin from alcohol. In a manner, 1 was insensible to ordinary pain while pursuing these qneer psychological and physiological investigations, tbe arena being my own poor oraninm, nnder which lay the peculiar mass of matter which men call brain. Thus, messieurs the imps en gaged in these tilings, with whioh 1 have either practised for profit or followed for amusement, and tbe beggars began to lino my cranium with boards, and the sawing and hammering and driving of wire nails into Baltic pine boards, every tap of the hammer on the nail bead penetrating to my inmost vitals, was a circumstance to be remembered. Having dene this to their satisfaction, these demoniao pain infiiotors forthwith began to floor the structure with inch hardwood boards. And as if by magic, iu the twinkling of an eye. the big room they had formed in my skull became a printing office, with its wharfedales, and albion presses, and plattens, and guillotines, rolling slabs, making- np tables ; and with these the usual hum and bang and clatter of cylinders and wheels and cogs, the load voices of men and boys above the din, and the odour of printers' ink sank down to my olfactory organ, and thence sank deep into my very soul. And when they had thus converted my cerebrum into a newspaper establishment, the imps tolerated no divi sions, and both hemispheres merged into one ; while cerebrum, cerebellum and medulla oblongata formed one large apartment. However the various parts and divisions of my poor cranium got back in their places I could never determine — though, there tiiey are now— or, at least, I snpposs sc. The brain is a subtle study, and during my sixty hours' infliction I studied it more than I had ever done in the past. It has done me good, though 1 shall never forgive the pain demons for driving those nails, or sharpening picks and drills upon an anvil. The ring of the sluicing fork on the iron bot toms of the sluice boxes I can forgive, for the rush of the cool, clear water from tbe mountain torrent, aa it rolled down the pebbles, was cool and grateful. The rock ing of the ship, too, was not so bad, for it was a sweet lullaby after my long hours of wakefulness ; but how the Dickens they got that full- rigged Aberdeen liner into my brain pan puzzles me to this day. But she was there safe enough, with all sail set from deck to truck, and her stn'nsails, both port and starboard, were ' white wings' of peace. And we sailed and sailed until the storm came — and then confusion. .Sharp pains and dull pains, and a sense of drowning ; suffocation— a sort of grand finale— with the howling' wind, the lash of waters, the ripping of canvas, the banging of blocks and swish of flying cordages ; the dismal squeak and groan of the ship's timbers as she wal lowed in the valley between two mountains of blue green water ; the crash of a splint ered mast, the thud of a fallen yard on deok, and then the weird dong dong, dong-dong, dong-dong, dong-dong of the ship's bell as the mate struck eight ; and the harsh voice of the tired look-out man, as he sang out to those below : ' Eight bells below there ! Gome, bear a hand ? Put on yer sea-boo te and oil-skins an' tumble up 'ere slick, like greased lightning. D'yejhear, there ?' And my ship vanished — like another Flying Dutchman — a mere figment of a poor, aching brain. Heigh, Presto ! another change, and tho bang, bang, bang of stamps on the hard quartz in a long line of batteries carries me back to the reefs at Fiddler's Flat ; and as quickly am I transferred to a scene in other lands, where thousands of men in uniforms of all colours aud patterns, parade, march, rush fight ; guns boom, trumpets blare, drams roll, bugles call ; men curse and cheer and shriek. ' And then all is still, save the groans of the dying. Tho dead alone are peaceful — harmless, for in the dark night men, women, jackals, wolves, nnlean fowl rammidge among the dead, ghost-like. They are vampires, and the throbbing brain would shut them out as too uncanny for human thought. ' What, daylight ?' 'A cup of tea ?' ' Yes, by all means. I'll sit up, thank yon. Wet am I ? True, so would you be if yon had been my journeys and voyages. Dream, eh ! Rather !' why — but there ; it is a relief to he free from the sawing of boards, the driving of nails, the ringing of bells, the roaring of guns, and the other noises to whioh I have been a martyr of late. Gone ? Yes, gone for good I hope ; gone of its own s coord. Then I don't credit any nostrum for the cure ? Of course not, for I am nor cured ; the pain simply left me, and may return again nnder certain oonditions. My advice : Well, don't have headache. I have never been able to follow my own advice, not to the letter, but other people may. Anyhow, avoid a good old- fashioned rin and tear headaohe as vou would a mad- house. — Paulus. 