TOPICS OF THE TIMES. A CHOICE SELECTION OF IN TERESTING ITEMS. Comments and Criticisms Based Upon the Happenings or tha Day— Historical \- and Hews Notes. A bunch of Louisiana rice shows a yield of 4,500 grains from a single seed. The submarine telegraph system of the world consists of 120,000 nautical miles of cable. At Amherst, N. S., recently, Rev. Dr. Hartley lost a valuable ring. He advertised but got no tidings until a dream revealed to him the fpet that the ring was under Iris bed, and he found it on one of the slats. In London the daily papers talk of bridges for pedestrians on street cross ings, where the crowds and the vehi- e'es now often make an impassible jam. This was tried on Broadway at Fulton 6treet, New York, but the bridge was so little used that it was taken down. The grave of William H. Crawford, who was United States Senator from Georgia from 1809 to 1813, then for two years Minister to France, and afterward Secretary of War in President Madi son's Cabinet and Secretary of the Treasury under Monroe, is unmarked by so much as a tombstone. -Gin Non, a Chinese merchant of Riverside, Cal., is about to return to China to secure himself a wife, and in order to be allowed to land upon his return, ho has drawn up a certificate setting forth who he is, and had his photograph pasted on the same sheet, end had the different county officials sign the document. The theory that there was a connec- ion between Babylon and China in ancient times has much in its favor, and as the idea seems to be growing in im portance it may be interesting to know that it was suggested by an American, Rev. William Frederick Williams, in an unpublished letter addressed to Rev. .Leonard Bacon, D. D., and dated June 15, 1853. The document is preserved iu the library of Yale College. No objection was made to the mar riage of a young Louisville couple; yet, for the-sake of romance, they executed a sensational elopement. They met by appointment at 3 o'clock in the morning and boarded a locomotive for a country town. There they routed a justice out of bed iu the small hours and were quickly made one. They then returned to the city, where the bride roused her parents and introduced her new hus band. e The Yassar Aid Sociefjf, whose ob ject ir. to promote friendliness among those who have graduated from the col- lego and also to help needy Btudents, held its first annual meeting in New York recently. President James M. Taylor, of Yassar College, said that $42,000 had been expended by. the trus tees of Yassar iu the aid of students who were auxious to complete the course. The college, he deolared. would speud iu a similar way $11,000 for the present school year. The man who considers that the home duties of a woman are inferior to the political work of a man must be either a bachelor or blind. The very highest qualities of the heart and in tellect may be exercized by a mother, sister or elder daughter, in watching over the physical, mental and moral growth of the children in her care. Heroic patience and vigilance that never tires, an adaptation of means ts the eud, a careful study of individual traits, a keen psychological insightj may find ample room for exercise within the four walls of even a humblt home. A pbetvy bird story cam 63 from We tville, Conn. In the summer of 1889 Mrs. A. E. Burwell found in her dooryard a young robin which had fa'leu and hurt itself in attempts to fly. She tenderly cared for it, and it in time became a strong, healthy bird. It be- came quite tame, seeming to desire no greater freedom than the houBe af forded, and would answer at the whis tled call of members of the family. It lived there for a year, when it was taken cut of doors, and after hoveriqg around for a while, disappeared. Last week the bird returned to the house and voluntarily resumed its hospitable quarters there. Fifty years ag" there was no xeason to doubt the correctness of Bonpdand's theory, that the depth of the deepest sea corresponds to the height of the highest mountain; hut the supposed maximum of five mileB has now been found to fall short by more than 6,000 feet at three different points — nearly midway between the Island St. Helena and Cape Lopez, on the west coast of Africa; sixty miles south of the Maldive Archipelago, and iu the "Group of Abysses," as Capt. Baudissin calls number of remarkable depressions near the eastern extremity of New Guinea. A writer in a contemporary is com- nlaining that the tendency of current iterature is to encourage the belief in ghosts, says the Loudou Pi<ih-3.le-Up. This is, perhaps, a little s weeping in ts charge, but there are ceitainly one or two papers that are doiuR their level befit to make us believe that .the wail of (he cat on the dust-hole is the cry of the spirit from the vasty deep. Then there are two or three well-meaning, bat painfully misguided societies that will send half a dozen representatives down to your place to get particulars of the ghost you hear inside yonr wall paper, and which subsequently proves to be the baby next door with indiges tion. Two and a half miles south of the little Mexican village of Las Hummet- tas, in Western Arizona, is a low, sandy valley, flanked by tall mountains, there is a hole about three feet in diameter and of unknown depth, from which a dense crowd of smoke and steam is con stantly arising. For 100 feet on each side of the hole the ground is moist and heated. Water collected in the holes which has been dag in this moist ground has the tendency to make one very wakeful, besides giving the face, hands and feet a paralytic numbness. Every evening at 7 o'clock large vol umes of sand are shot from- the hold, preceded by a roar that can he heard for miles. The report from Germany that Prof. Koch has abandoned lecturing in conse quence of having discovered a cure for consumption by inoculation will stimu late curiosity not only in medical circles but throughout Christen dom. Any scientist who professes to he able to rob this modern scourge of its terrors neces sarily becomes an interesting figure in the big world. Prof. Koch's original experiments were apparently successful in the identification of the character istic germ of this disease, although the re mlts were questioned by high medi cal authorities. If he has now followed iu Pasteur's track and discovered some effective means of inoculating patients against the disease, the development of his curative (system will be watched with eager interest in many countries. A publisher was saying recently that the Chautauquan circle iu this country is largely responsible for the present marvelous interest in Latin and Latin literature. At no time within ifty years have so many text-books, commentaries ijnd translations been urned from tbe press. The tendency if the colleges to make Latin an«l Greek iptional studies, instead of allaying thiB interest, seems to have excited ambition imong budding scholars all over the ountry to master the dead languages. Since the first American translation of Virgil a year a two ago the publishers' -roods are full of MSS. of Yirgils, Horaces, Ovids, and Lucretiuses. At- east two other schools, besides Ann Arbor University and Washington Seminary, are planning the production of classic comedies also. The Paris corespondent of the Lon- ion Morning Post says a curious story has leaked out as to how M. Constans, die Minister of the Interior, managed to frighten General Boulanger out of France and thus bring an awkward sit uation to a climax. The minister knew tliat one of his subordinates was in daily communication with the General and in formed him of everything that passed it the ministry. Knowing that Boul anger was restless, M. Constans scrib bled on a slip of paper: "Arrest B., R., and D. to-night." He then called iiis subordinate to give him some in structions and toyed with the slip of oa'per while talking. On pretext of be ing obliged to give an urgent order the minister left his desk for a second and .he thing wa3 done. He saw by the face of his employe that he had read the paper. He then sent the clerk out on an errand not requiring haste. Soon after M. Constans received a visit from one of Gen. Boulanger's domestics, whom he employed as a spy, that his stratagem had succeeded and I that preparation for a flight had been made. From trifling inventions large for tunes are often made. The pen for shading in different colors yields an in come of $200,000 per annum. The rub ber tip at the end of lead pencils haj already made $100,000. A large for tune has been reaped by a miner who iuvented a metal rivet or eyelet at each end of the month of coat or trousers pockets to resist the strain caused by tbe carriage of pieces of ore or heavy tools. An equally useful invention is ihe "darning weaver," a device for re pairing stockings, under garments, etc., the sale of which is very large and in creasing. As large a sum as was ever obtained for any invention was enjoyed by the inventor of the inverted glass bell to hang over gas to protect the ceilings from being blackened, and a scarcely less lucrative patent was that for simply putting emery on cloth. The gimlet-pointed screw ha3 pro duced more wealth than most Bilver mine-i, and the American who first thought of putting copper tips to chil dren's shoes has realized a large for tune. Upward of $10,000 a year was made by the inventor of the common needle threader. To the foregoing might be added tlioussnds of trifling but useful articles, for which large sums have been paid. The field of invention is large, and open to everybody, with out respect to sex, age, or station. A man in New York lias in his pos- ession a tin box full of stock certificates .hat cost him $65,000, and are now itt'erly worthless. Many a clever gentleman has failed i make his mark in life. owing to the ?ant ot a dress Buit 