CYCLING NOTES. [By Spokes.] Another record was put up on Saturday last, when at the suggestion of Mr. V. Lewis most of the city cycling clubs assembled at the Park side .Oval and engaged themselves for the afternoon at a ' paling-nailing' contest. The pickets to be nailed into shape were of the jarrah variety, and anyone with a slight acquaintance of this most curly and gnarly timber will readily sympathise with those cyclists who this week are wearing some seven or eight finger-stalls. : , The Hon. W. A. Robinson with Mr. J. Hutchison, M.P., put in several very solid panels, and then they left to 4 see a man about a gimlet.' One of the workers experienced some difficulty in getting his first, nail in. His nearest companion was a little maiden who had been watching intently the cyclist's futile attempts to hit the nail on the right spot. ' Here, my-little girl, hold this nail for me,' he said. The ten-year-older stared harder than ever, and without the ghost of a smile remarked, 'What do you take me^Eor?' It wasn't exactly what she said, but—— ■ .V'" ; Hail-drivers were more plentiful than hammers, but one resident said he would soqn fix them up. He came back to say the heads were all lopse, and they would have to soak a day or two. The would-ba ' nailers' thought they might just as well 'soak ' top. It was the same individual who said in reply to a remark that a cart to shift along the pickets would he a great help—1 I've got a horse in the paddock doing nothing, but both the blessed wheels are off my cart.' There was no other course but to cheerf ully play hand barrow with those pickets till arm3 ached. Up till about half-past 3 on Satur day afternoon the irrepressible Ally Sloper had a set of digital appendages which would have delighted that vain old coxcomb, Beau Brummel, but after the hour above - mentioned Ally's fingers took a turn for the worse— several turns in fact—and it must be confessed that some of those pickets were put up at the expense of Sioperian blood. The younger portion of the community were much exercised as to bow they would be able to scale the six-feet pickets and enjoy themselves on the oval as of yore. One precocious youngster at length observed—'Yah, they is only putting one nail in, and some pf them is bent. We can easily pull 'em off again.' It is said that even a worm will turh, but the experience of a member of the legislative Council is that a worm is nofc a circumstance compared witha Prench nail and a knotty jarrah The Jffecprd fpr the afternoon stood at S,000 pickets for an hour and a half's work; To vary tbe monotony the Norwood Club boys started a game of polo. Mallets seemed to be plentiful, and soon the spectators were treated to a Wild West show on bicycles. There appeared to be no particular sides, most of the riders going on the principle of ' If you see a ball hit it/ When a young man, armed with a murderous looking rake, gravely an nounced his intention of having a * cut in,' the more discreet among the players immediately retired. The presence of lady friends of the various clubs gave an added charm to the afternoon's enjoyment, which was considerably heightened when Mr. Lewis invited those present to a cup of refreshing tea. Mr. Thos. White soon answered the tea bell, and quickly made an appetizing array. In a very short space t f time the ' picketers' were transformed into ' picnicers,' and bruised hands were speedily forgotten amidst the genial joke. Jack Summers said that most of those present had been on 'strike,' while the O'Grady added, 'Yes, and the rest of us on "picket" duty.'. < A crowded room greeted Mr. R. K. Threlfall as he took the chair at a smoke Social promoted by the Norwood Cycling Club at the League Rooms on Saturday evening. Most of those pre sent had been working hard during the afternoon in helping to beautify the Parkside Oval, but with the assis tance of Mr. A. Rosenhain at the piano several new and sweet songsters were unearthed, and amidst so much melody sore knuckles became a thing of yesterday. The programme was long and varied, being interspersed with happy little speeches by Messrs. W. A. Robinson, J. Hutchison, P. J. Williams, and the Chairman. The prizes won at the late gymkhana were handed over to the fortunate ones by the Captain, who, needless to state, improved the occasion with a few words to the point and otherwise. The only complaint heard during the evening was that the room was too small. With the growing social functions that are developing amongst League clubs this is a matter which must very shortly be attended to. It means that the Executive will have to cast about for larger rooms. Next Saturday evening the first social promoted by the officers of the L.S.A.W. will be held at the rooms, and with the assistance of the inter colonials a good time is expected. The Adelaides once mora tempted fate in the shape of a 1 Billy run.1 It will be remembered that the attempt last year was not a conspicuous success, owing to the efforts of au amateur milkman being a dismal failure. Better luck attended the club this year, and a strong muster accompanied Mr. H. S. Anthony (a popular vice president) on a pleasant ride to the Waterfalls. The scorchers had arrived some time previously, and appropriately enough had the billy well up to boiling point. This thoughtful act entirely met the views of the easygoers. Under the Baron's eagle glance a foraging party set out to search for wood, but they had to report that the enemy had burnt their boats, and it required no small amount of ingenuity to "keep the pot a boiling." Similar picnicking spots in Victoria are well looked after in this respect by the authorities. All's well that ends well, however, and the Adelaides returned to the city well pleased with their ' billy run.' Platt-Betts is drawing insurance money at the rate of .£10 per week as the result of his recent smash. Racing cyclists, ar you insured1 The success that has attended Over^ lander White, who successfully accom plished over 9,000 miles on Dunlops, brings forth a promise of yet a longer ride—that of encircling Australia. It will be remembered that this ride was mooted by Snell, of West Australia. White's mileage stands at 58 miles per day for 152 days, and considering the almost unrideable condition of hundreds of miles that occur on the route, this ride is likely to stand for some time. Mr. McKell is in receipt of late intelligence regarding the doings of Teddy Edwards, who is riding 100 miles per day on a Columbia. Edwards hopes to reel off 36,500 miles by the end of this year. The machine has been overhauled and reported to be in A1 order. Amongst other novelties which Mr. P. J. Williams has just unpacked is a clever adaptation of a clock face, bearing the legend * Time to light up to-night.' This should be a welcome addition to the cyclist's mantlepiece. BIKING AND COOING. Happy pair Sunshine rare Prompts within, Cycle spin. Leaves behind Street and wynd, Voices loud, City crowd. Pass in haste Farmsteads chaste, Leafy bowers, Pretty flowers. Joy complete, Converse sweet, Life would seem Endless dream. Peerless queen 1 Hill unseen, Awkward dyke, Shattered bike. Fearful groans, Broken bones, Nearest med., Weeks in bed. —Quentin B. Lane. The folly of riding hands off was exemplified on Tuesday evening, when the Sydney rider, Sargeant, in attempting, while riding round, to arrange his costume, came a nasty cropper. Fortunately he was alone at the time, and thus saved a general smash. ' It will be remembered that when I?orta and Ken L^wis last met in Adelaide on the racing track there was a slight straining of diplomatic relations. These two worthies met on the mail steamer en route to the West. Both were surprised, especially as one announced his itioentioa of proceeding to sunny Italy, while the other men tioned France as bis destination. Daring the confusion at Alb my neither noticed the other's departure, but when the twain met on the trajp bound for Perth the surprise reached uproarious heights. Porta says that all cyclists are bad—some badderer than others. He does not mention his class. The >MuUins Scoring Board9 is rapidly approaching completion, and from a cursory inspection this week I think it will give general satis faction. At tW time of writing I am not in possession of the beats, and conse quently unable to pick out placed men, but from observations during the last few days I shall expect to see Ben bow, McDonald, Aun^er, Williams, Crocker,. G. E. and H. Cornelius, Gordon, Chalk, Merkel, J7 Black, F. Hunt, and Russack ride prominently in the several events for which they haver entered. 