Boob and Bookmen. ' Castles in Spain.' \- ALL THE WORLD IS BUILDING THEM, THE ARCHITECTURE CHANGING WITH MOOD AND MOMENT. A POEM.^ BY 'CATHOLIC PRESS' WRITERS. Castles in Spain. As old dreams come thronging from the past, the hopes of youth rising like so many . pale phantoms to mock my present case, I take consolation in knowing that all the people of the world are more or less dreamers, and in dark hours mourn over the dead children of their fancy. I would not give a fig for a man or woman who has not i*u some time or otner acquired property in Spain, and built thereon a right fair castle, peopled with sweet hopes, to find in the vision some nepenthe against the cares that gall on life. Yes, this dreaming is surely common to all; like summer lightning on the night purples, it glimmgrs, brightens tho landscape, and is gone in a flash. In the shade with pipe and book we often find many pages turned without comprehension ? as thought wanders afar to wondrous places where all is fairer than the ways about us ; often we discover a companion has been talking long, without answer. \- , ?'?''? ' .?:. - ? - Dreamers of dreams I The politician maues nople speeches m his meditative hour, the sailor on the high seas tastes the kisses of Sue and Poll before the lookout finds. the land, the poet binds laurels on his ; brow in the sanctity of a garret, the peri patetic merchant builds fleets whilst easing his toil in a public-house. What if the speech afterwards moves men to laughter, the sailor lose his hold in the blackness of an ioy nighty the maker sink under a oritio's hostility, y the morchant sign a sohedulo? JNo such great matter truly. They at least fingered riohes though the dishonoured bill on fortuno subsequently made them bank rupt. ? 'Ah, but a man's reach should exooed his grasp Or what's a heaven for ? -. . . ' - ? ? .-??'? ? ? a ' Oh, the pleasure of taking flight .through i* uiu^ wuiuuw irum duo raucous cries or a landlady's babe to some radiant land whore things are to our desire and subservient to our enjoyment ! There we, slough our wrinkled skin : the pretty traits of ohar aoter are laid aside with our worn garments, and we move in the manner of our ideal man. If friend Tomkins could see us now, that familiar smirk of his would fade as ho louted low with the common people. We owe no man money, no tailor humbles our oountonanco, no arroar of work affrights thfl COnHaiflrKsn. Wo hn.vn nnmn in «-iiiv» prinooly heritage, and rule a land of milk and honoy. A. castle bravely looms, against the sky with gorfaloons a flutter from every turrot. And hark 1 a boll sings silver aoross the sleeping valos. From tho high arohway streams a bovy*of glorious maids resurgent about their queon, our Lady Boautiful, like bees in swarming time, Her sweot face smiles a weloomo, and— -'Are you never ooming to your ton?' enquires a voioe from tho stairoaso, and the room walls oloso sufl'ooatingly about us. Tho gay dream ' 1ms burst like an iridescent bubble, and again wo havo loved and lost ; a thing -00111. mon enough to bo borne with some nhilo. 1 sophy. . ? ? m ??? I romombor a mother who was wont to ' ' sit by a window knitting through an intor ludo from housohold oaro. Of n sudden tho needles would oeaso to click, tho hands grow ? rigid as the oyos pioruod vaoanoy with a smile. Oaro flod the moment, the wrinkles on tho brow rolnxod ; she saw her children happily Bottled in lifo, and her husband's eyes clear of worry as ha:id in hand thoy step't into tho future. Just a dream and nothing more I but so swoot and holy was tho oalm on tho withorod faoo that a daughter would stand many minutos fain to .Boaro itp timid wings to flight. And wo all know how absently a nuiidon moves when like a ilowor in tho springtime her soul is expanding into beauty undor the gracious sunohino of first lovo.' Hor vision is sweet enough, I trow, and beyond tho worth of rubioa. Tho littlo hours of drowns are not barren wanto but rather tho cool spring o' tho wayside from whioh tho weary , traveller nsos rofreshod to proas on his road with a good heart. v « fet J.UUDU mu nuinu, IIUVVUVUI, WHO paSS 1)11011' lives wholly in visions. Most would loatho this indolonoe, after tho first day sighing for labour as a thing of gold. Their ambition is stronger than imagination : the rush and ?whirl of oitioB would oomo and urgo thorn ..'??. ? ? i ' ''?''.??.'? .'..- '? .tf'?rt'°' » ? ' ?-.1' :V-'' -t ' '' ?? jostle among men for the guerdons of success. Hew are fitted always to be dreamers of dreams, enthusiasts in visions, passing ever with feet on earth and head in the clouds. In crowded streets you sometimes find one with ?vague, regardless eyes' doubling a corner without knowledge of the crush, fancy holding him pleasantly in some far Spanish castle. It seems his pleasure to know only the ^ beautiful after the manner of a certain .optimist who, crossing the seas, slept storms through waking but to sunny days. I asked one of these dreamers for his philosophy of life. 'Let us look .on trouble as an apocryphal thing,' he said, ' and on ioy as the only actual existent. Like a school boy in the night we should SDeed faaf-, in the awesome places and^linger with slow' steps where lamps* are burning. If we are held in the dark let imagination light the blank hours through.' -.-Charles Kingsley tells 'us to 'do lovely things, not dream them, all day long,' and this exhortation could be wisely given to some of the observers of the lily, who, with the temperaments of poets, statesmen, and artists might attain any position if they had tme will to labor other than in imn»!ni'nn Like a fair ship with a great spread of oanvas, they wait for a wind that never comes. '?'?--.'?-? ? . a Dreamers in old days sailed to the wars or the Indies intoxicated by the romance in lite abroad as pictured by braggart travellers m waterside taverns ; and the experience thus gained sometimes killed the worm in the brain and sent them forward to high places. But nowadays they stay at home saying steam has killed romance in spite of the dictum of Mr. Rudyard Kipling. I have heard thorn lamenting the doath of oaken taverns and holding hot arguments on the ingredients of sack as they sat over local beer in a rnodorn publio house. Those gen tlemen admit very cheorfully thoy are dronos in the hive, but insist on being beautiful drones that make no honey be oauso thero is no peril and glory in the deed. Thoy are buccaneors at heart, ever resret ung uio passing ot tho wild old life when the bpanish possessions were Eldorados for sturdy lads' in love with the red rush of war and song of wooing steol— the days_..when Panama and Morgan were linked on men's lips, when the 'Jolly Rodger' went fast at the heels of lordly galleons deep with precious ingots, when i ' There wore forty craft in Aves that were both swift and stout, All furnished well with small arms and cannons round about ; And a thousand mon in Avos made laws so fair and froe . . »« To choose their valiant captains and obey them loyally,' The make-believe of boyhood never leaves them, and silvery polls bend in a circle, grey beards bristle enthusiasm as Captain Kidd's treasure is again unearthed by fancy, divided, and spent royallj before mine host Buggests that closing hour is at hand. Ah, but some of them are sad idlers. How do they live ? I respectfully refer you to some landladies of my acquaintance. They know. Their confidence bursts spontaneously over afternoon tea the long year through, the wealth of anecdote would fill volumes— but there is a sameness. The dreamer, it seems, sometimes forgets the realities*' of life most sinfully — yet is careful to take his luggage, But all are not impecunious, so we will not accept the tales of a landlady without some salt to qualify the general condemnation. Usually the dreamer loves solitude ; in some warm nook on a wharf shunned by ships, or in quiet places by the sea, he creates the life reality has refused. Yet in falling in with a sympathetic spirit he will talk fast enough, and his words run like a fairy tale. The world about you for the moment-seems like a theatre in the daytime, garish, false, and devoid of charm. : * ? . * , ? ,'; ? ? I have a friend— I met him in a- dainty book by Mr. William Curtis, of America— who is a poorly paid clerk and on in years. But he is very well content, owning a store of riches greater than Solomon's to draw on at hispleasure. He confesses the sight of a camelia in a florist's window carries him in a ship of sandal wood to green Japan, where he wanders the quaint cities, smiling on the little ladies in keremon and obee, the uu.uujr guipiia/o ujl ma udu. oud, VVUU, nU/ppiiy back in their own country, are graciously pleased to meet one who was friend to them in exile. Fortunate man ! he -gets the glories of travel without exertion, and his imagination shows ' him all nations of every tongue that are bred beneath the sun.' \- - ? ,. . ? ? Castles in Spain ! All the world is build ing them, the architecture changing with mood and moment; some wi ought of fine gold and ivory, silver towers against rainless skies; others of sober hue with soft lights and rambling libraries ; and some overlooking a fair campaign, loud with cries of onlookers at a game. Castles in Spain ! During boy hood weinvade them, leading a well-armed band whilst our schoolmaster stands a spent curse without the walls. In the spring of manhood we come again,- but now the swords have turned to flowers, and, the world lies in those maiden eyes that look up full sweet with love and worship. ' In our declining years we find our oastle crumbling, the arras hangs in tatters, the wind makes melancholy moanings up and down the corridors, the groat rooms of famished splendour are pale with the ghosts of youth. But there is yet a Bof t chair for us, and here we sit planning castlps for our children with no thought of the ruin of our own. Beautiful castles, rising grancuy but, reeling earthwards at the sound of a voice. Castles in Spain ! I have many there and pay no taxes. In days of bitter cold and- rain I leave 'this shivering oity of Sydney forthe orangegrovesthat offer golden homage at their feet, and luxuriate my soul in the soented shades until the world reoalls me with an rancous voice. Aye, even now, /with a shepherd's sunset in the sky, I feel well minded for a trip. Ah, see a orimson streamer signals from aoloucH I am wanted at my Spanish possessions. '' 