-car , Cil !£1 . - . m -vi -:?-/;» J. " V- tl% , The Voice on the Stairs. (By "RITA.") # T S ifc'8 not tru®» Molly V' . , N°- <terlin'. Don't ye be pay * it lich ®torles- Thru© is Jt. Haven t I been here at Ranfuriy ernce I was the height of yerself. Don't era^'father, ould Sir i£? Ah. 'twas the fine gintleman , always handy, and the toasterful way wid him-for he couldn't Dear^contradiction-and for the matter or that no more can yer own father. I nursedhimand Blister Stantiish, and * was here whin yer mother ;<*une as ' and I had ye in hiiy arma ^Whin ye was born, and as I tould ye before niver a sight nor a sound av any ghosts, and being so long In the family they'd have been payin'their respects Jo meself before this if they'd have iiad^ any-sort av dacent manners at all I i it's a vote." pe? ?>- -7.,it. Its a whisper downthe long corridor, 1 it s?a warningrto the person who and if they' don't "heed ft. Something dreadful happens to them." "Wett.-^hat's a mighty v sensible " Shost I'aqi thinkfuV'. .said Molly l&aA; - grath. '^Por iie^e generally come to grief darlin* when they Osregud 'Warnings-ifso be the warning Is sep -sible at all. - So may be Mary Gallag ? 'nan hkd sometruth on her tdngue for one©, * fiat there--come and sit* down \- and have yer tay, child-and don't bd 'Woffion yer"' pretty head wid ghosts and thim sort." * The child. drew near to the-tea table. * She was a small, pale slip of a / creature, with a frightened look in her soft bliie eyes,Aand that shrinking, nervous manner which is in itself sig nificant of unhappy childhood. T - And Maureen O'Farrall was unhap py with "that hopeless unhappiness ;.which is the outcome of crushed feel ings, tyrannous usage and general mis understanding. She was the only child of two singularly unsuitable par ents, and had lived in , an atmosphere of storms and disagreements ever since she could remember. Her mother was a beautiful woman,, high spirited, passionate and reckless, who . had married a man much older thaii herself for sake of his wealth and position. ; She found herself 1n the powef of a tyrant, the victim of in cessant jealousy, and the butt of a temper alternately cynical .and morose. When after three years of this life she gave birth to a daughter«dnstead of an heir she had filled the cup of her offending. The O'Farrall property would have to pass to a brother of Sir Lucius, whom he hated and had quarreled with years before. He brooded over this fact until he had magnified' it into a wrong jointly committed by mother and child. Poor little Maureen grew \- up in the shadow of fear. Her mother oared littla for bet ; her-father was only-1 an object- of terror to her young mind, and her only* friend and com-, forter was. her old nurse, Molly Ma grath, to whom her troubles were al ways : confided, and who tended and cared for her with all her-honest lov ing-heart ; -1 Stili it was a sad life and a lonely one for the child. Ranfuriy, her fath er'sproperfcy, was situated in a wild and desolate part of the West: of iteltolfc ®nd gloomy, and Bhe used to creep the great rooms like an uneasy spirit, afraid of the rustling hangings at the windows, of the shadows lurking in the deep recesses, afraid most of all of the great corridor to which the famous oak staircases led-a vast space ill- lighted and full of mysterious corners, and hung with ancient family pictures whose gloomy faces and strange fixed eyes used to terrify the little girl as she flitted by on her way to the nursery, where alone were light and air and brightness to be found. . On this evening when she had fin ished her tea Maureen drew her own -little chair up to the bright fire, and sat there leaning her fair head against her nurse's knees and listening to her kindly chatter. "Molly," said the child at last. -"Why doesn't Uncle Standish ever come here now ?" "Faix, darlin', it isn't for the likes of me to be giving raysons for family quarrels." . ; ^ "There was a quarrel I know," con tinued the child. "I heard my father speaking about it to-day, and mamma. got so pale and looked so angry." "Did they say anything about yer comin* down to the party, darlin* ?" asked Molly. "I've got yer white silk frock ready for ye in case ye might be wantin' it." Maureen shook her head. "No," she said, "I'm sure they don't wish me to come down. And indeed I'd rather be here, Molly ?" The old woman stroked her fair hair silently, and they both sat gazing into the fire and listening to the .rising wind as it sighed and wailed around "the gloomy house. " 'Twill be a grand party intirely," "party," said Molly at last. "Not that tlie quality eare for' a thrifle of bad weather in these parts. Ye was sayin' about yer uncle, darlin'. I did hear some talk av his coming to-night. But perhaps yer mamma tould ye?" ''No," she sSid ; "nothing. Is he really coming, Molly ?" "I couldn't say for sartin, darlin', but there must be somethin* in it as the red room has been, got ready, an' 'twas always his room. It's many a long year since he set foot in Ranfur ly. Ah ! 'tis he has the kind heart, as iveryone knows-maybe a bit too soft where the ladies is consarned." . She stopped abruptly, remembering the keen, young ears strained for her incautious words. "Oh, I do hope he will come," ex claimed Maureen. "Do you think he will ask to see me, Molly? Surely, mammii wouldn't mind-and yet--" Her eyes contracted--and a little puzzled frown drew her smooth brbws together. She was trying to remem ber something-some words that in , that stormy ©ncounter between her parents had flashed like steel from its scabbard and struck her mother pale and dumb. "If it were- Standish, and he were in my place! Do you fancy I am blind, my lady, because I don't choose to see ? Yet " And then she had slipped away and left them. What had the words meant? Did her mother really wish the younger : brother were in the place of the elder ? Owner and master of Ranfurly-one beloved where the one was hated. One respected "where the other was only feared ? "T'will be a grand party intirely," continued Molly presently. An' was n't I lookin' at yer mother's diminds this very mornin' an' thim sparklin' that. lovely on the satin av her gown." "I wish. I could see her/' said Maur "Well, and why not ?" said Molly coolly. "You've only to stand at the corner where the corridor turns and ye'll see her come out av her room an' go down the staircase. Ah ! 'tis she is the beautiful creature whin she's dressed, an' wid the jules on her white neck as grand as any quane, God bless her!" "But that corner is always so dark," said the child, with a little shudder. "An' what av that? Who's goin' to hurt ye, dark or no. There's no place ye'll see her so well, barrin' the dining room itself ; an' ye say they've not axed ye to go in at all?" Maureen shook her fair head. Then suddenly she rose and leaned her arms on Molly's lap, her little wistful face upturned to the oniy one that had ever shone with love and tenderness for her. "I wish, Molly," she said, "I was a woman." "Oh. darlin' don't be wishin'any sich a thing at all. 'Tis a power av sorrow they've to bear, and wake craytures at the best. Meself, I nivir throubled me head abont the bhoys. There nivir was one I'd be talkin' to the whole counthry round. There was Andy Beyle as was throwin' an eye at me once," she went on reflect ively, "but divil a bit av use. An' a poor husband he'd have made, seein' 'tis three times in gaol he's been since - Christinas. But there, darlin', don't ye be thinkin' on thim subjects, for swatehearts are poor things an' not worth the bavin' whin we've got thim. Not that the gurls belave it, an' nivir a one in the parish but has' her heart set on a wine-colored cashmere to be married in, an' lets the first man as comes along put the 'comedher' on her. An' what's the end av it? Living on the clippings av tin, as likes as not, for want av a look round the corner instead av a jump in the dark." \- The child sighed and slipped down again on the rug by Molly's side. Two hours yet before the quality will be arrlvin'," remarked Molly pre sently. "And me lady will be want in' me to help her dress in an hour. It's a shame Sir Lucius doesn't let her have her own maid, not that there'd be much for the maid to do, an' thim stuck-up foreign maddams wudn't live a month in a place like this, for the misthress tried kapin' one whin she first married, an' , nivir a one wud stay." "Mamma goes out "very seldom," said the child. "Thrue fc-r ye, dar'in', an* 'tis moierhty rare to have any entertainin' here either. Sorra a bit av a party have I seen for these eight months till to- night. Whist! what a night, too! The wind's moanin' rojind the placa like a laygion av Banshees!" "Perhaps," said Maureen, "the peo ple won't come, Molly." "Oh, they'll come, darlin', fast enough. There's not too much divar sion in these parts at the best av times, an' weather's not likely to stop it whin there's a chance av any." "I should like to see them," said Maureen, wistfully. "Will all the la dies be as beautiful as mamma?" "As beautiful, is it ? Faith, no! 'Twould b.e bad to bate her, agra. Not that she's the eame woman ,she was ten years ago, but time and trouble, darlin', have a dale to answer for wid us women. Bat there-don't be look in' so solemn, child. It's nothing to do wid ye. Now git yer doll or yer books an' play here till I come back to ye. An' mind, if ye want to have a sight of yer mother jist go down to -the corridor and wait under the big picture where the turn to the stair case, an' ye'll ssS t^utiful. An' don't ye be think'n' av ghosts an* sieh like, for they're haint no sich tilings barrin' a banshee or so as comes to visit the raal gintry. Now ye won't be lonesome, will ye ?" "Oh, no." said the child cheerfully, as she took the doll from its cradle and then went over to her favorite shelf -of fairy tales to select a volume. She seated herself once more by the fire and became absorbed in the sad adventures of "The Little Mermaid She did not know how long or short a time had passed, when the door open ed quietly and someone came' into the room. Slie glanced up thinking it must be Molly, but to her surprise it was a stranger-a man middle-aged, but strikingly* handsome, xFith a kind ly smile on. his lips as he met her startled eyes. "Why, Maureen," he said, "little Maureen. Don't you know me ?" "No," she said. "Who are you ?'/ -~.JHI_.am your uncle Standish," iih answered . f -thought. I woula Ii::e to see my little friend again, for we were great friends, Maureen, the last time I was here. Let me see, that was four, no, five years, ago. You are 10 years old now, are you not?" "Ten years to-day," said the child. No one remembered her birthday save only her faithful old nurse, Mol ly. No good wishes or presents had celebrated it for her. "I knew that," said her uncle, smil ing. "And if you will come here and give me a kiss and say 'How do you do, Uncle TStandish?' I will show you a little present I have here for you." There was no resisting that kindly voice and face. The little girl forgot her shyness and went over as he had asked. It seemed strange that he had remembered what her own parents had ignored. He bent down to the little face and kissed it. "May you have many more birthdays, little one," he said, "and may each be happier than the last. And now here is your present." He took a small case from his poc ket, and opening it revealed a locket, with her monogram in pearls, and sus pended from a fine gold chain. The child gave a cry of rapture. It seemed to her the loveliest thing she had ever seen. She could scarcely be lieve it was meant for her, even when her uncle uncoiled the chain and fas tened it around her neck. "Oh, how good of you to think of me," she cried. "No one else did-ex cept Molly." "And your mother surely?" he said. The child shook-her fair head. "No, I think she forgot," she said simply. "Perhaps it was because of the party to-night. I suppose that is why you came," she added gravely. An odd expre^pion shadowed Stan dish O'Farrall's expressive face. ."Yes," he said, "that is why I came. And I remembered it wias your birthday, and I thought you would come down to dinner also." She glanced down at her simple frock and childish pinafore. "Oh, no," she said. "They would not let me do that." "Not even to dessert?" he said. "Perhaps if I spoke to your father Some remembrance of the scene of the morning flashed across the chilft'S brain. "Oh, please do' not," she cried en-* TxeatingJy. "They-I mean father-4 would only be angry, and I am happier here." He saw she was in earnest, almost 1 painfully so, and ceased to press tiie point. - ' Weil, come and sit on r<iv knee and talk to me," ho said cheerfully^ ajfli toofc Molly Magrata's. big \- chair and drew Maureen towards him. Ship had quite got over her shyness How. and sprang lightly- on his knee and began, to talk to him in her quaint, old-fashioned way in answer to his questions. They were laughing together over some story he was telling when again the door opened and Maureen, to her amazement, saw her mother enter the nursery. It was altogether so unus ual a proceeding on the part of Lady OTarrall that the child stared at her In speechless surprise. Her hair was dressed, but she had only thrown on a loose sort of wrap Ser, through whose afeeeny silken folds er neck and arms and the beautiful contour of her figure were plainly vis ible. Her cheeks were beautifully flushed, her eyes shone like stars. To the child she was as ever^-the embod iment of all.feminine loveliness. The xnan looked at her with sad, grave eyes, in which reluctant admiration showed itself. He put the child down and they advanced and shook hands. "You have found your way here, then?" she said in a low voice. "I have only just heard you had arrived." She took no more notice of the child than if she had been a block of wood, only beckoned the man aside to the window and kept him there a few moments in earnest conversation. Maureen wondered what they were 'talking about. She only caught stray words here and there. It seemed as it her. mother was urging something to which her uncle objected; but he pleaded vainly against her urgent per suasion, and one by one she combated his arguments until, half reluctantly, he gave the promts* she demanded. "I tell yoa," she said at last, "It is life or death. I most have the money and this it the only way. At least they are worth £10,000. Live here a day longer I cannot-I will not!" He gave a warning glance in Maur A brief time longer Lady O'Farrall lingered talking in the same subdued whispers; then declaring that she would scarcely have time to dress, she hurried away, only nodding carelessly to the little girl as she passed by. It seemed to Maureen that a .hang* came over her uncle Standish. His face lost Its genial smile, his eyes looked sombre and uneasy. He no longer laughed and chattered to her, but he stood-with his elbow on the maatelpieee, gazing into the bright firc. Tfce child's fine tact kept her from disturbing him. She' had been well schooled in self-suppression - After a while he seemed to remem ber her presence, and once more be gan to talk to her. But the chain was snapped. It was an effort to him instead of an amusement, and very scon he bade her good night to go to his room to dress for dinner. "I am staying the night here, you know," he said. "So I shall see you t: gain." He bent down and kissed her and then stood for a moment, his hand on her head, looking sadly at the fair hair and the little, wistful face. Then he went away. It was well that neither of them knew what would happen in that ill-fated household be fore they met again. Maureen grew more and more rest less as the time went on. At.last she decided she would go down to the long corridor and endeavor to see her mother as she passed in her bravery of satin and jewels to the reception rooms below. She stole down the stairs as the clock pointed to five minutes before the hour, and made her way to the corner of which Molly had spoken. It was certainly obscure enough to shel ter her, for the corridor was always ill-lit, and even to-night proved no ex ception. ? ^ ^ She had scarcely taken up her pos ition when the door of her mother's dressing room opened, and she came out. The child looked at her in breathless awe. A vision so lovely seemed to her almost unnatural. Her gown of white satin trailed behind her; diamonds glistened on her white throat and arms. She passed along like a queen in her beauty, and began to descend the stairs. Suddenly it seemed to the child that a cold wind swept through the gloomy corridor. It sighed past her like a living voice and in its mourn ful passage % strange sound wailed X>ut into the silence, ffw ft fancy, or had & word really Bounded ? The child fc&t; as if an icy" hind had seized her in its grip. She had no power to move or speak. Suddenly her mother's voice broke sharply, and yet with a. thrill of fear in its dear notes across the stillness, "Who spoke?" it said, and she half turned, and stood looking up the stairs she had descended, one hand on the oaken balustrade, the light falling on tier pale and startled face. There was no answer. She stood as if expectant, then turned again and went oh down the broad stairs, the satin of her gown rustling faintly as she moved. Maureen scarcely waited for that trailing echo to cease ere with a low cry, she dashed from her hiding place and into the dressing room where Molly stood putting away the odds and ends of her mistress' toilet. "Saints and angel, child! what's the matter at all?" she exclaimed as Maureen lew to her, crying and trembling in sheer bodily terror. But the child was almost speech less, aad it took all the old woman's powers of scolding and soothing, com bined, to calm her into her old. self again. \- "There ig a voice, Molly," she cried, and thai was all she could say. "There is a voice, I heard it, and mother heard it as she passed down the stairs." "A votee, accushla !"-and the old woman crossed herself hurriedly. "Oeh, ehure, it's dramin* ye are. *Tis the wind howling-didn't I hear it me self ?" But Maureen only shook her head and maintained that not only had she heard the' strange whisper, but her mother must also have done so, for she had paused and turned to call up the stairs, and asked who had spoken. Molly Magrath ceased to argue the point: she bustled about, tidying the room, and then made up the fire and took the child back to the nursery. But even when she was undressed and safe in her own little bed, Maur een could not sleep. She started at the slightest sound and grew more feverish and restless as the night wore on. To please Maureen, Molly left the night lamp burning, when she went to her own bed in the adjoining room, and bidding the child shut her eyes and try to sleep, she set herself to follow her own advice. The sound of carriage wheels died away at last. The silence of night de scended on the house. Still Maureen lay there wide awake, her eyes star ing at the light, her brain filled with a thousand strange and- thronging fancies. The very stillness of the room became oppressive. The sighing of the wind had grown fitful as the gale died away. The sound of a clock striking in the distance ' reached the child's ears. One- two-. It was 2 o'clock in! the morning. She longed to sleep ; she drew the clothes over her head and lay quite still, as she had been taught to do when quite a little thing. A lull ing calm began to steal over her ex cited brain. Its unnatural activity ceased to torment her. She seemed to be . slowly drifting away on a dacie J«§jhl*gkt for a tisae was ex the torpor of f£eep, Whether hoars or moments had passed she could not tell, but sudden ly ehe started iip wide awake, feeling as if the iow, muffled shriek Bhe had heard was still zinging in her ears. All was silent. The room, was half in shadow, the fire had died out, the lamp was but a feeble glimmer of ex hausted light. An impulse overpow ering and forcible .made her spring from her bed and riish to the door. Outside all was darkness, but a gleam of moonlight fell through the uncur tained window of the landing place and sent a milky track wandering along to the head of the staircase. She crept along that track led by some dim in stinct. The fantastic tumult in her brain had grown suddenly calm, all fear had left her, she only felt that she must go on and down to the long corridor. It was from there the shriek had ascended. Step by step, one small cold hand clinging to the balustrade^ her eyes wide and strained, guided only by the quivering line of moonlight, she made her way downwards. The corridor was dusk, and full of shadows. One solitary lamp was flick ering on a bracket. There was no other light. But it seemed to Maur een as if external illumination could have shown her no more than she felt she saw-a white figure lying still and silent at the head of the great stair case. Horror seized the child as she gaz ed down at the bloodless face, the star ing eyes transfixed by terror unutter able, the parted lips, and gleaming teeth. She crouched down beside the motionless form, and her hands touch ed the still warm body, but it was growing momentarily more stiff and rigid. Maureen started up, and screamed aloud. In a moment doors were opened, lights flashing, all was confusion and dismay. She remem bered no more. The silence of desolation and ill repute had descended on Ranfurly House. The tragic-death of Lady O'Farrall had never been quite satis factorily explained- To those who had seen her at her dinner table that night, lovely, joyous, radiant with health and life, it seemed altogether horrible to think that a few hours later she had been found murdered in her ^»wn house. .<« s Robbery was supposed to have h a the motive of the crime, for her dia monds were gone, and no trace of them had ever, been discovered. The robber must have been secreted in the house; an easy matter enough on that night when doors and windows were open in all directions, and so many strange servants about that an un familiar face would have excited no re mark. ; At the Inquest nothing was discov ered in the way of a clue, and the us ual verdict, "Murder by some person unknown," ended the mystery of that tragic night. Standish O'Farrall never crossed his brother's threshold, never was seen to speak to him again from that hour. As soon as the funeral and in vestigations were over Sir Lucius shut up the house/ leaving only three or four old servants to take care- of it. sent Maureento a school, and _went abroad. Eight yeam afterwawg-ne was found dead ln hls bed in. & thirds rate hotel in Paris* where he had been living. ? *- * s * - Death' was certified as due to heart complaint. After his death his bro ther Sir Standish succeeded to the property and came to live at Ran furly. -7, . _? A Maureen was now eighteen. A. beautiful girl with a face of intense melancholy and eyes that seemed al most to hold some haunting terror in their depths. Her uncle removed her from school as soon as-the house had been put into order, and she came to live at her old home again. Life there was one rather to foster than to banish melancholy. Her un cle had aged wonderfully in those few years. His hair was quite white, his erect figure had become bowed and fee ble, his genial face and pleasant Bmi-e had given "place to an expression of all-absorbing sorrow. . People talked and wondered ana shook their heads and murmured of uncanny deeds and an evil,-fate at tending the O'FarraiL family. It was certainly no place aritt no life for a young girl, and Maureen grew pale and shadowy and silent. . The spirit of strange doom seemed for ever brooding about the silent' rooms and dusky corridors of the grim old man sion. * in her own old corner of the nur sery sat Molly Magrath, an ancient crone now of seventy-six, for ever tell ingher beads and crooning old stories to an imaginary child. Her brain had never quite recovered the shock of that awful night when her nursling's screams had summoned her from bed and she had found her mistress lying stark and stiff in the long corridor with the imprint of cruel fingers on her bare white throat, the life choked out of her by some ruthless hand, and the child lying in a dead faint beside her. Sometimes Maureen tried to get her to talk of that night, but it was only foolish babble, and th^, mystery seemed destined to remain for ever a mystery. Everyone evaded the subject. Her uncle would never^fepeak The servants had all left except*5®9gaj^^Jn vain Maureen sought for a begged for enlighbenihent. newspapers containing an accouoSilOTK the tragedy had been kept from her, and at this late hour it seemed hopeless to get copies anywhere. And yet day by day, as she lived her ordinary life and went about her ordinary: occupa tions Maureen felt that the mystery of her mother's fate was7 becoming a haunting spectre to her. It met her in a thousand memories of her unloved and unhappy childhood, it haunted the rooms that her mother had occupied, above all it haunted the long corridor with its gloomy corners and its rows of dismal portraits. She never passed through it but she seemed to see that queenly figure de scending the broad staircase^ the dia monds flashing on her white throat in her beautiful hair. And all that grace and brilliancy and beauty had been ruthlessly crushed out of her in one moment of murderous rapacity! It seemed awful to think of, and yet she could not but think of it. She believed now in the legend of the warn ing voice, believed that it had indeed breathed its fetal message to her moth er's ears. What deed had she content -plated when, that prophetic "Don't" .wailed like a wailing wind through the silent corridor and arrested her step. Oh, if she had listened-if she believed ! . m . Maureen had lived a year with her uncle, and every day and month of that year had Only meant an increase of dreariness and melancholy for both. One evening he had retired to the library as usual, and she was sitting reading a book in the room she had fitted up and chosen for her own use. Suddenly she remembered that she. had left a notebook in which she had .made entries and extracts from her favorite authors in the library that afternoon, where she had been reading of Shelley's poems. She rose at once, and ran lightly down the stairs and entered the room. Hear uncle was standing before an old-Hashioned escri toire/ looking into an open drawer. So absorbed was he that he did not seem to hear the girl's entrance. Wondering what kept him so still she crossed the floor and looked over his shoulder.. _ In a moment he kad closed the drawer in nervous haste, and turned aa4 &cegg; -her. angrily. * "How dare you steal on me like that?" he cried. The girl shrank back alarmed at his anger, especially for so slight a cause. She excused herself, and explained that she had come for her note-book, and jhaving found it, "left the room. But when she hadclosed the door sht» sank at the foot pi the staircase, white and terrified. Before the drawer shut she had caught the gtitter of fliamnnria mass of diamonds gleaming and sparkling under the lamp rays even as the ill- omened jewels on that fa*** night. " Could they be the same ? Had her mother been murdered, not for sake of! robbery after all ? She remembered one jewel-a star with an opal-centre and five great points of light Surely it was that same star she had just-seen! She rose and stijmbled confusedly, up the stairs and went to . her own bedroom. Her mind was made up. She would open that drawer by fair means or foul-see if her supicions were correct, and then-her thoughts travelled on further. Hie goal of her discovery was her limit Time passed. on, and she heard doors closed and barred,and then her uncle's step passing to his room. She fancied he paused before her door, but she had blown out her light, and after listening a moment he passedon. She shuddered as the last echo died away. The horror of her own suspicions was maddening. > She waited on and on. It was past midnight. ' Then she took up her candle, and softly opened her door. Darkness everywhere.. Nothing stir ring in the whole hotfse but herself. Softly and swiftly she passed along. She reached the top of the staircase. She laid one hand on the balustrade, and began to descend. Suddenly, cold wind rustled by, seeming to^mll her very life with its freezing^^reath. She stopped, and there facinjwher in the dark below was the whit® figure and jovely face-of her mother- She caught the sheen. of sajjipij^m the trailjfig gown.-T|i -jShe^^wilbir hand gone, and wailing voice, jred, and all was and silent once again. Maureen stood like a figure of stone, clingingly passively to the balustrade, but incapable of speech or movement. v Should she heed the, warning ? Should she return and leave suspicion unverified ? Gradually the frozen blood grew warmer, her heart ceased to throb so wildly. She told herself she had but fancied this scene, and moved slow ly downthe stairs once mora. She entered the library. How cold and dark and gloomy Jit locked. Be fore her was the old escritoire, and on it stood two tall silver candlesticks. She lit them and then surveyed the drawers, and marvelled how she was to open them without keys. Her eyes fell on the desk of the escritoire, she tried it and found it was unlocked. < She lifted the lid, and saw lying in a corner a quaint old key. Seizing it she tried with feverish fingers the drawer she had seen open. It opened at once. She looked in. It was empty. Thinking she might have mistaken the'drawer she tried another, but the key would not turn the lock. Impatient and angered at her failure she returned to the first one, and jerked it open so roughly that it 'came out of its place altogether. Actuated by some inexplicable impulse ste stooped and peered into the empty aperture. Lying far back she caught sight of a -folded paper. In another moment it was in her hand. The writing was unknown, but to her amazement she saw it was address* ed to herself as follows; "To be given to my daughter. Maureen O'Farrall, by my brother, Standish -O'Farrall, at such period of her life as he may deem best." She sank down on the nearest chair and began to read. The letter was brief, but' every word seemed, to sear and blister her young heart with hor ror. "I shall be in my grave when your eyes read this confession," it ran. "Maureen, I murdered your mother. 1 murdered her because I was mad. with jealousy and suspicion; because I thought, she loved..my brother; be cause I heard her planning to leave me, and teughtherin the act of giving him her diamonds. I thought it meant the pledge of guilt; only too late X learned that l had wrongedboth. I fled the place in. horror of my deed and of myself. He, my brother, kept toy secret. Sometimes I wish lie had not-that he had given me to the fate t deserved. And you, Maureen-must I confess it ?-you axe a murderer's child. You-" She read no more. With one ex ceeding bitter cry she fell face for wards on the floor, her forehead strik ing the sharp corner of the table, and the blood streaming from the wound on to her white gown. So Sir Standish found her, to his unspeakable horror, when he entered the library next morning. He had removed the diamonds, in tending to have them re-set and given to her on her twentieth birthday. Alas ! there was no twentieth birth day in store for poor Maureen. She lay in the old churchyard be side her ill-fated mother long before that day had dawned. 