IN THE BAQrPJtRUlK ' I've just made another dis-. oovery,' announced Jim the Luney. ' Yon are getting a regular whale for making tilings,' growled the Oynic. ' Many years ago I knew a chap just like you, but he made one thing too many, end the places that knew him once knew him no more. He made a watch, and the owner Wasn't quite druuk enough.' ' 'That's queet,' said Jim the LuDey, ' my discovery is about a watch also, but then my yarn ig at least new, and, moreover, it is a genuine discovery. Yours is neither.' 'Watch yer giving us:?' asked the Punster. ' Well,' continued Jim the Lnney, yon know the row the one o'clock gun makes every day ?' ' Bar Sundays,' corrected the Barmaid. ' Timo doesn't matter on the Sabbath in this lively vil lage.' ' That, my dear,' explained the Sunday Man, 'is easily explained. Six days shalt thon devote to Time and one (o Eternity. It doesn't seem a fair deal, but ? ' ' My discovery,' went on Jim the Luney, ' is this : Hardly any one knows that the violent concus sion caused by the one o'clock gun invariably stops all the watches in Hobart. You see the desire to Bee how the ticker is keeping the time is so strong that immediately we hear the boom of the cannon we make a grab at our wateh-puckels, and the sudden movement starts the watch going again in less than a second.' 'ladepd! Is that a fact P' queried the ^Sentjfic. .Man, who , has lately joined lie company.. ?'46QuiU*i;n^r':eh,i»i-uteal all hands. 'Ah,' mused tliB Scientific Man. as he abseij^ffl.wjfyi^took a drink fronMh? Spot's J#tt4il?i, ' naethinks 1 can see the gem-of a great idea in tSiat iiniple observation of yours. ifofijMjiiiicfe, if the sound of a cau niStf fefope watches n mile distant, it must follow that the concentration of the sound-waves of ten cannons could be used for signalling ten miles away. Mnltiply the cause indefinitely, and the effect must in crease in like ratio. The noise made bv a hundred cannons would stop the watches in Launceston, and a thousand wonld perform a similar eervico for Thargoinindah. Talk about telegraphing without wires, why — eh ?' ' That may be all right,' re marked the Insigni6cant Man, ' but big ideas of that sort are more in Professor Hackett's line than mine. I want to know whether the plan could not be used locally to en nmirnue Tastnanian indnstry.' ' Local industry is encouraged too much already,' said the Worm. ' When a man has to work M hours B day be wants something that will enable him to live without being so industrions. If the gun stops all watches, couldn't it be trained to stop all workr1' 'I'd like to knowthis, remarked the Gloomy Man. ' If one cannon stops 500 watches how many would it take to stop a runaway bicycle ?' ' I'm afraid the company is not very deeply impressed with vast Bcientiuc ideas,' said the Philoso pher. ' They treat them as subjects lor jest.' ' Jest so,' observed the Punster. « ? * ' T kuow a watch varn,' said the Boy. , - ' bet her go, urged the' LBtaq lord. ' It'if about a watch that wouldn't go, though; tKe'yjiunjsftByadieafe em ployee icepi it aartfiom the ganger for a duy or two. All the employees in the establishment referred to, which is run upon anything but iqj-to-datu linen, by the wtty, are spppoHed to provide t.ln-nisclves with a reliably liniepii-co. How th-y do it on something l- ss 1 1 an 2fc. a week is one of the myeU-ries ojE Hobari, but they do it uevenhe Joibs, Well, at Jast tho ganger !fountlafch|itljrf5!|Of his slaves' ticker 'wM'%\k oi^geme, and promptly ordered him to have it repaired. The tad put the job off fbr a day or two — probably couldn't afford to go to .the *xponse until .pay day. This came to the ears of the ganger— a .sort of modern John Price in hk. methods of enforcing discipline, it \a alleged— and he ordered the until 'his timo was correct. The employee managed to borrow a ticker from a relative, and presented himself at the office within an hour ready to start work again. Bat the ganger compelled him to stand down again — practically fined him a day's pay !' ' Has that ganger entered for the champion meanneBS competition ?' asked the Landlord. ' Because he ought to win it easily.' ' These unlovely happenings,' Baid the Editor, 'are inseparable Irom the wage- system, especially wuen tpe wage-uaruers iiavtiu u eavvy or pluck enough to organise against pretty tyranny.' ' We must get cheap meat now, surely,' remarked the Editor. ' Wiiy, are the rabbits increasing in size and number?'; asked the Poet. ' No ; but a magnificent draft of fat cattle, vide advertisement, from a mountain run were sold the other day in Hobart.' ' Ha, ha! Ho, ho ! ' laughed the Business Man. ' You should have just seen those cattle. Of all the lean, scraggy beasts that ever dodged a Btock whip and a pickle tub they were the leanest aud scrag gieBt imaginable. Why, some of them were sc thin that the slaugh i/ir.nipn huH tn tie knntR in their tails to prevent them slipping through the picket, fence.' ? ? -? 'What's that?' enquired the Punster. ' I didn?tknow slaughter men had tales.*1 ? 'Not for publication now meat is so dear and- small goods so tender,' said the Gloomy Man, sig nificantly. ' The cattle,' continued the Busi ness Man, ' were grazed on a run adjoining a brewery, and every day at a quarter to four they travelled down from the mountain Bcrub and crowded around the brewery gates.. The smell of the a wan key fetched 'cm, and the habit grew so strong that the owners bad to either send them to the slaughter house or the Hagey Institute to save their lives.' ' Thumbs up !' exclaimed the Landlord. ' The reputation our business men are getting for veracity,' ob served the Philosopher, ''is truly monumental.' * * * ' Did yon notice that the Glorious Twelfth passed even mere quietly than visual this year ?' asked the Snub Editor. ' YVs,' sighed the Worm. ' Tho days of now-ft-days are not the days of other days. Not even a broken head in all the land to remind as of the great and glorions time when men ' fonght like devils for the. love of God,' and sooled the Yellow Pup on to t he Pope o1 Rome, or kicked King Billy's effigy from Dan to Beerslieba. Alack-aday !' ' Well,' remarked the Govern ment House Man, ' I should say tbat nobody ought to mourn the death of superstition and sectarian bigotry.' .. ., 'TfiiMi fiw-' nSr, rlpn.fl.' Raid the Poet, '' they'do but sleep, and will wake again in some distant to morrojtf.' ' IJiiless, indeed, the mix ing of tbe. orange and green in mar riage do'es'n't in the meantime make it unsafe for anybody to twirl a shillelagh for fear of smashing his own kin. Even sectarianism. must give way before the iireBisiible rrmrcb of what Kipling calk ' thfl litilu things we care about.'' ' Tlie nearest approach to a row duiiug tbt- Twelfth of July wrek,' said tho Athlotic Mau, 'occurred at a . hostelry down the street. Some smart young gents were slinging flff'^t *:*feapi^fho called in to get something to make him sober, andbaited him so badly tbat be lost his temper and found a red hot poker. .. With this cherry-ripe implement' of torture1 he rushed at bi§ tftttttoptors; and1 you eWmld bftyeflBentheagility they displayed in getting out of the way. : ' The chap couldn't get near enough to brand one of 'em. In Jess than half a second r the half-a-dozen smartiieB had vanished; Some were lip the chimney, some in the cupboard, one jumped oat the window, and 'the chief offender tried to crawl into a. cuspidor under the table. Then the police came along, but having no visible enemies the facetious chap was calmly lighting hin cigar with the red-hot poker, and-1 — ' ' Excuse me,' interrupted the Sporting Man, ' bat I demand the name of the man who got under the table.11 .' ' ' ' I won't, mention any .names,' said the Athletio Man, as ho edged ontside the door, ' bat yoa are the man to whom 1 refer !' Then ha wont mid thn SnurtinC Man talked about libel proceedings. ? ? ? ? ' Ever been to Franklin F' asked the Ounvasser of the Boy. *' Franklin Square. Often go there to mash ? ' ' Potatoes don't grow there, you silly,' interjected the Barmaid. ' Frankliu is where the Birds and other queer thingB come from. They captured a ghost there lately. As the children were returning from a Band of -Hope meeting one dark night something like a cross betwetn a buffalo and a giraffe rushed out of a lane, grabbed a little boy by the breast of his knickers, and tossed him over a four-rail fence. Tbe other kiddieB flew for home, followed by their adult protectors, also at racing speed. A storekeeper beard the row, and rushed out to put a charge of shot in the^rhost. but -found he had grabbed a candlestick instead of. bis .gun. All the young men of the village' then assembled, and after ' tench' beating ab.ont the bnBb, unearthed the ghost and ran it , into a oow- pad dock. One of the lads tripped the monster np, and was heard nine miles- away yelling on the others to bold it down while he struck a. mutch. Then they fouud the dreadful spectre was only ? ' ' A man, I suppose,1' interrupted tbe Barmaid. ' No, my dear, a fool. There are several of the species down Frunk lin way. They breed 'em.' ' H'm ''' exclaimed the Philoso pher. ' I dare say you are right, ' but yourself and a politician or two are the only sample of that dis trict's capabilities I can recollect having known.' ' Crushed again,' moaned the Canvasser. ? ? # ' A recent remark of oar Philo sophic friend about the poets reminds me of St. Peter's reply to the Teseianian lawyer's soul,' said the Juiiguiticaut Man. ' That must be wrong,' observed the Pnblieher. ' No Supreme Court wig wearer ever had one.' 'What? AwigP' ' No ; a soul. But proceed with the story.' ' Tbe Great Gatekeeper met the »6ul of the lawyer and blocked the heavenly turnstile with, ' We don't admit lawyers here.' ' But you let So-and-So in (mentioning the name of a well-known barrister), and why not admit me ?' protested the law yer. ' So-and-So,' replied St. Peter, 1 was no lawyer !' ' 'That's a chestnut,' exclaimed the Gloomy Man. 1 ' Well, did yon evei see a good horse a bad color P' retorted the; Insignificant Man. : .-.;'. 'liere's », -opap of 'opnserfl'atibh beard on, tfw landing: stage fttCalir, fornia. Bay the other evening, an nounced wie Insignificant Man. . ' Who was the girl f ' asked the. Barmaid. -! ' No ladies were present bn tbiB; occasion, which probably accounts1 for the somewhat nniuteresting nature of the conversation. J-aok and Jim were waiting tor' the: steamer to porno along and, toad up with potatoes. Jimiell asleep and dreamed of the girl Jack bad left' behind him. The fog enveloped the lonely coast in mystery, and Jim dreamed on. Suddenly, away over on the Frankliu side, a shrill whistle cnt its way through the still night. Jim jumped to his feet in alarni with : . . 1 My God, Jaek, did you hear that ?cream P' ?Yes,'. replied Jaok. ? Wbat.it. if' 'The water witoh.' 'WJjot's tbntP1 ' A phantom »b.ip with a crew of mer maidB. Tbe water witch is oaptaio, and iu condemned to kill one of th» mornmids every night until she ftnda what sue is in search ol.' ' Why, what's ube looking for P' 'The Nortb Pole, yon dampbool.1 Then the steamer arrived, and ? ' 