The Poptland-Dw Mystery jl--^^ URING the past week Mrs. £f7fY% 'Druce's^astounding- story- - hae \$J a been much strengthened by f-^^^^Jf fresh evidence which has come J2-35~'*^n to light. It will be remembered tr.at one- -of me- principal tac tors in induciirg the Chancellor of the. Consistory Court to listen to the petitioner's prayer was tlie identification by Dr. Forbes Winslow of an. admitted photo of Bruce as being that of one of ihis -former patients, Dr. Har mer. This photo of Druce has now, in the presence of our representative, been definitely and absolutely identified at the Chancery as DrI Harmer by an old attendant once at the asylum, 'lins is Mr. Williams, a man who has had very many years' experience in the care of patients, and has been accustomed to note the. peculiarities .of each. He expressed himself to our representative with great care and extreme caution, and the following state ment made by him — before he had seen the photo ' — as to the habits and appearance of 'Harmer' cannot be over-estimated, when the well-known and admitted peculiarities of the late Duke of Portland are. also borne in mind. Mr. Williams said: 'I perfectly recollect 'Harmer,' for there were several very remarkable circumstances con nected with his case. I have no doubt, and had no doubt at that time, that 'Harmer' was not his real name, tout that not being very unusual in asylums, I did not then -attach much importance to it. But at the same time his reticence and ex treme care not to mention any names were very remarkable, more especially as a man who when questioned on any subject would reply by danc ing, singing, and shouting. His wife came to eee him almost daily, but I never heard him call her by name. He fully realised the fact that he was in an asylum, but he never expressed any desire to leave, or make any. attempt to do so. His eyes ?were very striking-looking, almost almond-shaped, and pointed at the corners. He invariably wore a long frock- coat, and trousers very baggy at the bottoms. , He was constantly endeavoring to tie up various things with bite of string. He wore a very tall high hat, which he seldom took off, and had a great objection to the light of day, con stantly insisting that in the pavilion in the grounds which he occupied — which was away from the main house^ — the blinds should be drawn down in the daytime, and gas or candles lighted. His skin had a very strange appearance, and he was afflicted with a curious rash, which would break out suddenly on his cheeks and forehead. He suf fered very much from what, in an ordinary per son, I should have called fits cf remorse and ter ror, clearly having something on his mind; and frequently, pointing to the ground, would say, 'It's there! it's down there!' but whenever he was asked what he meant he would affect not to hear, and commence to shout. After he left the asylum I called several times at his house. On the first occasion he could not avoid seeing me, end shook hands with me, recognising me at once; but on subsequent occasions he immediately walked away on my arrival, and declined to hold any con versation with me. His hair was long and dark, and hanging down at the back, and his forehead was broad and peculiarly shaped at the temples. He was about 5ft 6in high. Sometimes, when spoken somewhat sharply to, he would draw him self up and eay quite quietly and sanely, 'Ah, you don't know who I am, or whom you're talking to,' but if anyone attempted to pursue that subject lie would fall back on his usual method of shouting. He certainly, in my opinion, never practised as a doctor.' Equally remarkable are the statements of Mr. Paine, who was at the time of Druce's alleged death head salesman at the Baker-street bazaar. Mr. Paine said to our representative in reply to various questions, 'Whether the coffin deposited in Highgate Cemetery contains lead or a corpse I would rather not for the present discuss, though I may have my own opinion on the point. I was very attached to Druee, and the photo produced at the Consistory Court belongs to me, and was lent to the petitioner by myself. Druce was in many respects a most remarkable man, and his behavior, even at the time, created great con ment among the employees. A lady, who went by the name of Berkeley, was constantly about the shop, and when she called there would frequently be terrible scenes between them in his private counting house. He was pertainly the most reti cent man I have ever met, and though we were al most, I might say,' on terms of affection, he al ways checked any attempt I made to inquire into his private affairs. What struck me — and, indeed, other people — as the most extraordinary part of his behavior was that whenever any of the no tiilrty or any Royal personages called at the bazaar— a thing of not infrequent occurrence in those days — he would instantly retire to his pri vate room, and not come out until they had left. Indeed, on one occasion he lost a very large or der through this. A gentleman of very high so cial position insisted on asking for and beingat tended to by the proprietor. This message was conveyed to Mr. Druce, but he declined to accede to the request, and the gentleman left without -purchasing anything. Druce always wor« — even in business — a very tall hat and a very long coat; but after the marriage with 'Miss May' we saw much less of him, and she hardly ever came to the shop from that date. Indeed, for six months before his alleged death— ^whieh, we were told, was due to fistula — he did not come to business at all.' A great point is made by the petitioaer that several people were frightened and ione woman randered insane by the sudden appearance of Druce at the Baker-street bazaar after his sup posed funeral; but owingtothelapse of time and the very strange reticence of many people, there has been some difficulty in finding proof of this. Our representative, however, has succeeded in obtaining most important information on the point. The woman referred to was Mrs. Fledg er, ?forewoman at the Baker-street bazaar, and she died insane at 13 Nottingham-street, Maryle foone. Her nurse was a Mrs. Norman, and the latter'e husband was also an intimate friend of Mr. Fledger. Mr. Norman was seen by our re presentative, and said, 'I well remember the death of poor Mrs. Fledger. She died, mad, in this very room where we are talking. Often and often have I and her husband discussed the mat ter, and he always openly said that his unfortu nate wifete malady was brought on by the shocks 6he received at seeing on several occasions what she took to 'be the ghost of her late master, Druce, in one of the passages of the Baker-street bazaar. She finally lost her senses through this, and never recovered. As she lay dying she kept repeating 'There he is! There he is, and yet I thought he was dead.' ' Mrs Druce has received a very remarkable let ter from a gentleman, whose name we must hold (for the moment, and an entire stranger to her. This gentleman not only states that Thomas Charles Druee was alive In 1866, but gives details of the farm in New Windsor, Berks, where, it will be recollected, the marriage of Thomas Charles Druce and Miss May was celebrated, and which was 'taken by Mr. Druce under yet another name a friend of the writer and his wife— both employed at Baker-street bazaar — being put in charge of the house.— 'Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper.' 