When Will Judaism Die? Fears are entertained by many that Judaism is unsafe in the hands of the younger generation. On all sides we hear funeral dirges sounded. It is not only the orthodox convention that is apprehensive as to the future of Judaism, and in consequence sends forth its J eremaids, but indeed those who stand high in the ranks of the reform movement are now and then writing the epitaph on the tombstone of our cherished faith. Hold, my brethren ! Have no fears ! There is no need as yet for us to dig the grave wherein to deposit the body and soul of Judaism True, things are not just as we would like to see them. Neither the older nor the younger generation burn with love for their faith as they should. Iri many congregations the altars are neglected and religion is spurned. We do not close our eyes to the facts as they exist. But this condition of affairs is not peculiar to this generation. The same laments that we send forth have been uttered in every age and by every generation. This is not the first time that the death warrant of Judaism has been read, nor will it be the last. But for all that Judaism has not yet been gathered unto its fathers, nor is it destined ever to yield up the ghost. Judaism has not been born to die. It has been born to live, and will live, the evil prophets' prophecies to the contrary notwithstanding. While we Jews are busy sounding the death knell of our faith, the think ing world is fast coming o realise that with us is the trnth. Ethical monotheism is gaining every hour. This is the shibboleth or our age and time. As the world, the thinking world is basing ' the burden of their faith upon this appeal, this thought this ethical monotheism which it has been the glory of our prophets first to promulgate, should win the profound admiration and enlist the deep attachment of our people more and more. Their enthusiasm will grow. It must grow. What though the Cassandra prophets strike the minor key, we shall intonate a more hopeful melody. The spiritual forces of Judaism are imperishable. They bear God's own seal The seal of Gcd is truth. The seal has beeu entrusted to the care of Israel. Israel will guard that truth If she does not, the truth will still continue to live. Judaism is co- eternal, with God. When God dies Judaism will die. As He, is . infinite in time, so, too, is Judaism infinite. God dies not. nor will Judaism. For it carries withib itself the promise and potency of erfcernifcy. Let the man or the men who are forever pre dicting the death of Judaism ponder and weigh well this thought. 