• CHAPTER II.—CONTINUED. ? "Perhaps the Impression was correct, my ton, but I do not like to have you cast your life lines at the call of a stranger." "Now, mother, that was just the feeling that came to me—that I was a stranger to one-half the world." The mother looked at him wii.li an unusual tenderaa>i—of course the sacrifice had to come some tame. "Conrad, you are on the threshold of love." "Yes, I believe I am. I am old enough, fortune is oars—and a fair name. I am lonely." "With your mother!" said Mrs. North, with downcast eyes. '•Yfls, even with our qneen." And the son • ara&e; aad pressed the face of his mother to ,kis.li:w. Nor was he satisfied until he had her over and over again. And the •matter smoothed the light hair from his •'brow. The time was soon coming—she fasenw it was near. "I am eatisflsd, die gently aid; "but I do not-Hise ix> have my son dvwli in thought upon a young woirisa whom he 'does not even know." "Bless yoa, mother,replied Conrad, with a rinj-jijflitugh which echoed clear to the garrei. am not in love with this young lady—it vras only a dream which her face pst into my mind; it was only the story of a Coca. No, I am not in love so easily as that !" Ttttere was no smile cm the mother's face, bat there was a very broad one in her heart Ske-remembered a story of the past when she went star-gazing with a •certain young Vander Nort—when Boston was quite a succassEal vffiage. "Wall, my son," die said, "we will have to £aoe the danger bravely, and face our neighbor^ daughters, too. There is Sirs. Scribner -^he is well contented and " •ffihe's too young—not 35 yet," said the dnttcul son. His ancestors had always married in the line of parental direction and "MOTHEB," SAID THE SON OWE DAT AS HE BNTEBED THE SITTING-BOOM:, "L HAVE MADE UP MT KIND TO MARRY." filial duty, but the vein of old Dutch humor .wouid defy parental affection, and age as ••Well. "There's the lovely "Widow Weber— "Oh, mother, spare the widows." "Look out, sir," she said, cutting him short. "Mother," said the son, going over to the window and plucking the leaves from one of Tier choicest plants, "I suppose every one has an ideal—my ideal has character." "As for instance " •1 do not know. You smile!" "Yes, Conrad; I smile because you have Been aface—and that will be your standard of character until the moon changes." And [the mother laughed ope of her happy littls laughs—she loved her boy so. "I suppose so—I will wait on the moon." "Or on some gardener's daughter;" And itha little lady threw her arms around him 4 and looked him in the face proudly. "I think she is a sehoolma'am, mother. Good night; you will be asleep when I retarn." He took himself away, and a half hour later passed the very spot where he had seen the face over which he had evidently been day-dreaming. Strang® mortals we—all of, us. And mother ?. W&I;, she sought her bed at an early hour, said her prayer and slept. "It was a whim; the first of many, doubtless." And when upon the trellis, clothed in green, came the birds in blue and gold with morning song, and the sun shot its yellow beauty through the leaves, the mother rasa, wondering why she had slept so well 1 CHAPTER IIL iHE JUS WITH A BEMARKABIjE COUGH. OW, Pinnie, we are going to my little home. If yoa were &-young woman instead of a great awkward boy, you could go to my room and see all my artist work." '"tireat big, and awkward?" said tha slender youth, " I thought 1 was not so large." Miss Lamont langh- Einnie . cast his eyes • down jKtojdsIo^deeves, and mtdertoA to ^«inodulibe" :hi6^ WB3tto the graceltal mnmmnntYlf Wajwrnpnilnn. But to .raienoe its she realizedthatthe ;b^, ; |iailmBver yethadoocasicm to penrtratette depths of a joke. "We will take a cab," said neien. "If it is not too far, Miss Helen, X would like to walk." "Gh yes, it is but a mile or two." "Iam sure it would not be much to walk that," mused the youth, looking at .the thousand objects around him with an unconscious interest. The young girl smiled, and her eyes beamed as they rested upon the strange boy. She had never seen a person so simple- minded and innocent of the world. She thought to rouse him to something like gaiety by her merry manner and sprightly conversation. It was a failure. His sober eyes sought here in silence, without question. His effort to conform his actions to her own was a trifle painful, but in the matter of .merriment he made no attempts. He had seen it in others —the faculty may have been omitted in his nature. In this walk Pinole told his story, little recking that its single chapter was to prove of profound and fc-jrsInterest to Helen Lamv-. -Si? that lie could tell was that his parents Lad beep lost at sea while he w;a!s an infant, and that he was saved by pickedfrom the deck and tossed into a boat into the midst'of sailors. He had heard that ho was a year old at the time. Where his infant fife had been passed he neves knew. His earliest recollection was of huge stone building, and of being taken through the streets therefrom by Leon Spanero. He had been told many times ' by Syanero, when angry, that he had ta&n; him from "an orphan hell when brat." Even his name was unknown to him. No one had ever told hirn why he was called Pinnie—he had no other name—unless - it were Spanero; and Spanero had knocked him down once for using that title on an occasion where a second name seemed desirable. "And have you never worked anywhere else?' asked the girl, who had listened to the story with great interest. "No, because Spanero always told me about it. Sometimes he speaks to me kindly." "Told you about what?" asked the young woman. "About how 'cubs' were worked to death as soon as possible to make way for new ones." "And you believed thisF' said Helen, looting into his face in profound wonder. "He knocked me down if he thought I did not believe what he told me." "And have you never talked with the other painters during all these years?" asked the astonished girL "I heard one of the men say once that Spanero told him that I was a little daftonce and had never recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by 'daft' afterward, and he flew rt me with his knife. So I never asked again." Helen looked at the boy for a moment and for an instant it occurred to her t hat possibly he was not of strong mind. But of all the toilers at the school, she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of him. Then Pinnie recalled her to the topic, "Is it not true?" "What, Pinnie?" "That men kill boys by working them to death if they have no parents?" "No," said the girl, indignantly. "Pinnie, did you really never have any one to love you?" "To what?" he asked with a curious look on his face. "To love yoa—like your' "Oh, ye*," he said sadly, "I think your pictures lu ve me. I stay by them after you go at night." The girl turned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face—followed by deep crimson flashes, even to her snowy neck. What did this rfiiMtch talk mean— what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life should appear in the very heart of a city! "Pinnie!" "Yes, Miss Lament." But die did not-continne. Was it possible, after all, that the boy was of unsound mind? She changed the subject. And so they walked and talked until they reached the outskirts of the city. "Pinnie," shesaid, ''I am doing all the talking—do you never chat?" "No, I think not." ""» Tt -I know there is a deep thought in you sot. •. jrbereV' He turned his eyes away, and dowly whispered, "There may have been once, but I have lost it." t "No, Pinnie, it is not lost—it is laid aside for all these years, and we will find it." "Miss Lament," the boy replied with a heavy heart, "I sometimes think so. Bather the feeling is present when I do not think." Helen had seen alike expression on his face —once when he looked upon a painting, of himself, which she had quickly put-on canvas for amusement. The intellectuality had been painfully magnified, but fromthat picture Pinnie had . ~ ght an inspiration. She said nodiing to him. Hie dropped the hand that he had taken and continued, speaking slowly and carefully: "There are James when tfae dream life yazz have spoken of goes away—and a big door opens wide, and I see that I have lived in prison—and when I want to go out I—I— dare not." Stall she uttered not a word. She was not sure of her footing in such depths. The dream of life-of which she had- spoken was made up of pleasant hopes playing hide-andseek with tie common facts of life. ' "Then I dare not—I " * 'Idare not step beyond—but I think, sometimes, very, ~rcty hand'—of what, I hardly know. 1 ' Stall Helen kept silence—wise -unto the moment. "I think of those who have seen and talked with the children; andtheTBowers/andthe woods, whichwe paint. And ! think" that perhaps if I had seen the great sea, trad the ships, and tiie life you and others talk of— then I might have thought—is that the sea, SEss Lamont! Is|t! That isthe sea!" . He had lifted, his. eyes—andthey rested upon the waters of the bay, in.sight of which they had come by the turning of a corner. They stopped. Hie stood motionless and speechless, and with fired stare and hands to his eyes, shut out the other world—and gazed upon the realm of waters—unconscious of her presence. ' • Oh, sad awakening ! In all'the upheavals and overturningB of after life, whan the electric impulse aroused fear, love or passion, Helen Lament never felt such a thrilling of profound sympathy, anger, surprise and mystery as at this discovery, of human wrong. The facts revealed were still in the shadow—but her soul revolted against the outline—representing the dwarfage of this life. She stood by him for a moment and caught her breath. "" Pinnie, Pinnie, my poor boy, what does it mean !" she cried. "It is the ssa, the great sea!" Like the revelations of the lightning in the darkness was the sudden change from sadness to joy upon his face; "And why do you say this?* asked Helen, suppressing her own feelings. "Of course it Ls the sea." But within her breast there dawned a fuller conception of the awful crime against this waxen- faced youth. Pinnie turned his face and plodded on, bent over and thoughtful. He hsd gazed Upon the ocean, and his eqnl was filled as with the realization of a dream. He was unconscious of the jgirl by his side. Site walked on,-deeply mystified. At last he spoke to her without lifting his head: "And, Miss Lamont, this is the green grass • —and this is the country of our paintings?" «."No, Piniiie, this is hot the country; see are buildings!" . so far apart," he muttered, looking at the residences within the large suburban lots. " "And there are flowers—hot painted, are they? I can smell then!" And he leaned over a fence in transport to catch the rich perfume he had never known before! The time had come when Helen could bear the uncertainty no longer. She put her white hand on his arm and said earnestly: "I do not understand you, Pmnie. Do you mean that you have never seen the sea before!" "I have often heard of it. My life began on the sea—it was my birth-place, I suppose." " : • "And you have not seen it for a long time?" " ' • r "I never remember to have seen it." "How? And lived in this city for years." "I have lived at the school," Pinnie replied. "And yoa have not seen tha flowers and the woods?" "Oh, yes, indeed; I see them every day —you know," said he, looking at her surprised. , "Then why have you hot seen the sea. "Oh." he responded, with some hesitation, "You mean these, the living trees and flowers 11—I—have seen the—the painted flowers." The tone and-the look—out into the world before ME—wouid have touched a stony heart mni pity. To the melting heart of the loveiy girl, herself battling for life In the open world, it was crushing. She wept. The shadows of evening were gathering about them, and no.one was near. She had opened the door of a prison house, of the existence of which she was unconscious, and still to some extent unbelieving. The reality was beyond immediate relief. Oh, of man's sad want—this was the most touching she had ever known or dreamed.. It was the starvation of a souL "Miss Lamont," he said, after her tears *ere dried. "I think I know something of -hy you cry. Bat your life must be happy with all these riches!" "I have no riches, child," she .replied. "These are the riches of others," pointing to the-housos and gardens. "I have nothing but my hands and thoughts." •'Riches," he muttered. "I have seen the woods and flowers and the sea—what are riches. Miss Helen, that others have and we do not? Where are they?" "I cannot tell you now, Pinnie. But all theeo things that yon see are not ours." "God doss not give them away, I suppose," the young man with the simplicity of a little child. "Why, Pinnie, you must have read of these things,* 1 exclaimed the girl suddenly. "No, rcannot read.?' "You? You eannot read?" she asked in astonishment. • "No ma'am," Pinnie answered, hanging his head. '.-•'' ' "You ewer told me this. I would have taught you." "I was going to tell you. Are we near E your home. Miss Lamont?" "Yes, Pinnie, it is dose by.". "May I not rest here a little! This is a great ways. I did not know the miles were so long." " The boy sat down on the edge of the pavement, under the oak tree, which still remained of the primeval wood, within a few rods of the house whither they were going. He looked again upon the sea and the woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. ^he Then up rose the moon, in. its full, silvery splendor. The glory of the scene swept over him withpa incomprehensible power. Hie bad seek its jbeidjyi St fbefdw,: set round with brick walls, 1 lint how, rising from the water with its dieeny banner; trailing over the .jroad waters, was a picture for which. there was no language -within bis powers.He in giprifled,-*aiid spread his arms ^vir^thsi |*fefca| as if th£ ; sublimity might' W adm6 degree escape ! him. Truly, the grandeur of- the universe was poured into his soal, andall the infinite possibilities of a mysterious nature overwhelm-, ed him. ; He rank downnpon the waDt, coyer^d hisfabe with Ms hands and wept, far what he knew toot. * '• In the presence of thisnew and wonderful that of whidi philosophy .can furnish no counterpart—the overpowering sense of the majesty .of ~ " time! Butaniend. romfc'jsotnoi; iaaifligBy deBoent^ from such high$.,of eontemolalion- etJib* | l • Y t s t part of eitbel- the enthralled youth or the silent witnes*, must be painf uL She came to him, touched his arm, andsaid: **Come, itis night; we must go." . He rose mechanically—and walketS by her side as an automaton. He looked neither to the right hand'nor the left), but trudged on. Theyreachedihegate. Ashe stood by to let her enter and lead the way, a long hollow cough startled him from reverie. Looking up he saw an aged, bbnt, thin, gray-haired man about to pass. With an xmaccopntable instinct, which is a part of our better nature, the old man lifted his eyes to nod a passing recognition—and immediately brought his shambling feet to a dead halt. He riveted a cold, gray, cunning pair of stony eyes on the youth, but not a muscle moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth returned the steely stare with the unflinching look of innocence, and ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in those livid features? A sickly faintness came over him—he swayed to one side, and would have fallen had not the old man with sudden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him by both shoulders he gasped, with a hoarse whisper: "I have you now!" Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the sight of this sudden assault, and rushed to the gateway. But the old man had fled, and Pinnie lay upon the ground. As the apparition took wings in the gathering gloom, he left as the only legacy of mystery tli© ozclsttiation! "My God, it is not a ghost—not a vision I" and a hollow cough echoed back as he passed into the gloom. CHAPTER IV. WILKIKS ASD THE POET. ILKZNS was a philosopher, whose search for the "higher life" was continuous. He was a politician, whose mission it was to purify the uncleanly pool, and whose highest ideal of political reward was a foreign mission. He possessed that spirit of ceaseless activity which obliged him to be always busy. And had not modern philosophical investigation occupied his studious hours, he doubtless would have found solace in the quadrature of the circle, duplication of the cube, or some other mindwrecking theme. But in every channel of his nature there ran a current of old-fashioned goodness. He might have been 40 years of age at the time this story makes his aquaintance, and the quiet run of his conversation was like the flow of a river broad and deep—and slow. Wilkina was in love. At a little cottage in the suburbs of Boston he was summoned to meet one of the sweetest and most charming little widows that the heart masculine ever warred against, and surrendered to. TTis summons was of a legal nature, aDd had nothing to do with the profound sentiments of dual unities. The little lady was literary—one of thoss harmless ones, who can do a little in verse and still sigh for no worlds to conquer. She was so fortunate once as to have one of her compositions accepted by that critical "allwool quarterly," which not only published the bright seedling, but spoke well of it—just as if an editor would publish anything he U < BTJT,' SAID HELEN, 'WILL TOU LKT ME BEAD FOB MY BOARD!'" wouldn't think well of! Nice little, plump little, sweet little Mrs. Jennie Smith was not upset, however, by her success—that is, not completely. Por did she not discover that the bald-headed raven who gathered in the scented note paper had prepared the meter in certain lines and modified the rhyme in others? (TO VE CONEDJXTED.) 