Short Story. The Tragedy of Roger Neville. From the hills of Usheenmore the far- spreading, heath-covered bog looked really a place of beauty in the still sum- mer evening. So peaceful and inviting it was that I was sorry the old fiddler had told me of the tragic story that made it memorable in the traditions of the countryside. To be sure, I knew that its pleasant guise was deceptive ; there were deeps and pools and quag- mires amid the tufted heath in places, and dark and ugly they were. For all that, in the covering of heath and blos- som the whole looked so restful and winning in the distance, so much in character with the far-away, old-world district that I learned to love so much in those holiday times, that I felt the tragic story was a grim and impertinent intrusion. Above, among the hills, the old Castle of Usheenmore lost something of its ruined and sombre guise in the grace of the sunset hour. Yet once I turned to it all the restful sense and beauty of the evening was gone ; I could not wrench my mind from the thought of its old days of riotous and abandoned and unhallowed lives. The Nevilles of Usheenmore had lorded it over the dis- trict from time immemorial, and in our freer and happier days it is somewhat difficult to credit all the evil tales of their perverse and dare-devil careers, how cruelly and cavalierly they treated their dependants and their tenants, how they defied law and convention and custom ; how their very devilry secured them a sneaking regard in the whole neighbourhood withal. Usheenmore is lonely, and dull, and world-forgotten to- day, yet the old folk by their chimney cornet's in their winter evenings tell many stories in which the desperate Nevilles are hero-tinged and idealised ; and the tone and the reflections and the crooning sub-notes of regret give one more than the suspicion that they wish the wild days of the Nevilles were back. But let me tell you of the tragedy of Roger Neville, the last landlord of Us- heenmore. In his gray old age, people whispered that his youth and early man- hood had surpassed the worst stages even of earlier Neville desperation. He and his comrade, Jack Kinton, an im- pecunious neighbouring squireen, had been the partners in a run of shady ex- ploits and transactions. It was even hinted that they had descended to high- way robbery and burglary—at least that Kinton had. At last he was obliged to fly the country very suddenly, for a warrant for his arrest on very serious charges was in the hands of detectives. He had a close shave, a narrow escape, for they had hemmed him in practically on all sides, and for one night he was obliged to sleep in the depths of the cold heath of Usheenmore. But he gave them the slip. He did more, for he suc- ceeded in abducting the no longer young wife of his friend, Roger Neville. In after days they were indeed evil tale- bearers who said that they had done so at the connivance of Roger, who had grown utterly tired and sick of Mrs. Rose Neville, who was several years his senior. More than that, there was one particularly evil set of tongues which insisted that Kinton cared nothing for Mrs. Rose, that he simpled inveigled her away to murder her, in accordance with a pre- viously-arranged and diabolical scheme which would release his friend Roger of a burdensome partner. These stories were whispered and discussed for a de- cade after, but who could say if there was an iota of certainty in any of them? At any rate, Roger got his divorce, and many years later, after a visit to Lon- don, brought home his second wife, a young and lovely woman, " ten thousand times too good for the old sinner," said Usheenmore. It leaked out somehow that the pair were not happy—the old story of " crabbed age and youth." And besides some inkling of her husband's past seemed to have reached Millicent—as the young wife was called. In any case, Usheenmore Castle was no place for a lifeful young creature like her. It was drowsy, cumbrous, gloomy ; and very seldom was it graced by the presence of congenial spirits. As the years went on, old Roger grew more sullen and fretful ; more averse to leaving the Castle even for a day. People said that the tyranny of the past was upon him ; that the ghosts of evil times were about him. Be that as it may, in those closing years he was the picture of a cursed and bitter and hunted man. He had yet another worry ; he was in the deeps of debt. . . One night as he chatted by a dying fire with Millicent, he had a strange visitor. A ragged, starved, despicable looking wretch forced his way into the room. When Roger rose up in his wrath at the intrusion the ragged wretch laughed a little bitterly. " There was a day," he said, " when you'd be glad to see me, Roger. Don't you care to give a sheltering corner to— well, my old name was Jack Kinton ; but the bloodhounds of the law, who are after me, know me under other names, and for—well, other things." Roger Neville grew pale and angry, but for a little while he was incredu- lous. " Oh, I'll tell you a few things that will convince you of my identity," said the new comer. " In this very room one wild night, ever so many years ago, when Rose was—no matter about that—you said to me suddenly, ' Jack Kinton, you know the burdensome tie that is ——' " " Stop, and be d—— to you," shouted Roger ; " your voice has not changed so much after all, and now I know you." Then, casting a furtive glance at Milli- cent, he added, " I don't want to hear of those frivolous old times." The other laughed an ugly laugh. Mil- licent rose abruptly and left the room. The newcomer jarred on her utterly. Besides, she was unduly sensitive, peo- ple noticed, to any reference to her hus- band's past. Roger Neville and Kinton talked to- gether for hours. . . . Long after midnight Roger Neville was aroused by an old servant from his sleep. Jack Kinton had called for him. Some sudden change had come over Kinton, and he spoke of death. Roger was surprised at the added change that an hour or two had wrought. Before retiring his uncouth visitor had seemed to pull up a little. Now the colour of death was in his face. He motioned to the other to close the door fast. " I'm dying," he groaned. " I thought lately I hadn't long to go, but I—I—didn't know 'twas so near. I've burst a blood-vessel, I think. Yes, it's no go. I'm booked." " Well, Roger," he said faintly, " we've had many wild days together. I—I— can tell you something worth telling be- fore I go. I came back at last to dig up a treasure—lots of gold—in a solid box—that I buried long ago—when the aw-dogs were after me." " Where ?" asked Roger feverishly. The other's mind began to wander. His words were a jumble. " The bog, the bog," he mumbled at last. Roger was in a fever. " Where abouts ?" he cried eagerly, des- perately. The other's language was in- coherent. Roger stamped his foot ner- vously. " Below the Hunter's Tuft by the car- road—ten yards south from the Tuft— then ten yards east from the car-road," he muttered at last. " Beware, the devil and his imps are on the spot—be- ware " " Tell me," whispered Roger again. " Tell me where you—buried—Rose that infernal time. I know you made away with her. Her face has haunted and cursed me for years. And I'd like to know ——" But Jack Kinton was dead. . . . An hour before the dawn, Roger Ne- ville was digging deep for the expected treasure in the spot indicated below the Hunter's Tuft. He was feverishly exul- tant at the thought of the anticipated wealth. He thought not of Jack Kinton lying cold, dead, and neglected in the castle. . . . . He started back aghast. Horror of horrors What had he dug up ? A wo- man's body. A woman's body preserved by the peculiar soil all those odious years. And it was—the body of his first wife, Rose ! . . . He lay on the heath and groaned. Now, he dimly understood ; nay, he thought, he understood clearly. Kin- ton's mind had been wandering at the last. He had confused the place of the treasure and the spot where he had buried the hapless woman in that old evil time. What a ghastly ironic mis- take ! He—— A soft step beside him made him rise and turn in dismay. An oath escaped him, when he found himself face to face with Millicent. She gave one wild cry and put her hands to her face. " Why did you follow me ?" he gasped —for his voice had all but failed him. " More of your—your—suspicions. Oh, go, go back ! I will explain all when I return, when I have buried this hapless body. It is Kinton's old, evil work. I swear I am no murderer." Sobbing convulsively, Millicent Neville hurried away from that terrible scene. She was in the throes of fever when her husband reached the castle. She never recovered, poor sweet soul ! And Usheenmore to-day looks so peaceful and sweet you would never as- sociate it with, a tragedy. —" Weekly Sun." 