*THEl KIAMA MILK. SUPPLIERS. STo 'tum 3DITO , Bia, -hibore ie ie 'vyi''amy, 'immy, ounping, haomey ydug tol. who roeoes not' many miles' from . Syduoyi': very short °time ago .hbe found himself qu;te alioldontally pitohforked into a position and he bas over oihce boon labouring under the Imprestion thatbu e his of sntho mighty im portanco in this oolouv, .And like all auuoh 'blf constitutod atlthoritioes in the anee and oilro of .human troubles, hes t evidently 'itriving to' boom oni heap adverttsanments and dadrk epoeubnh bifora the aeye of all tli latest puffy, sanfty outpn ringa loom *ith ignorant inpulto and vile Illoglonl utibnl whk'h Wotulddtuub'leaa do noedtt to the' outdoor gtiar lian of the onlotratrd blultherekite olub, .~ih genoteall holdo mvP i pPretq oBo ývAvhpI 68 1op19, Pe appears to be anxious to know who are the Kiama people P and the' reason why they dare to dictate to him on his tin-pot company? I.may inform him--(1.) That he will never know the Kiama people; simply. because his oxalted opinion of him self Is so great that,there is no room big e3ough to cover him in Kiams (2) lam sure he will labour in vain t, discover any reason for thi s scond query: My opinion is that the boy is too previous to be men tioned among men of intelligent reasoning powers and consequently not far enough advanced 'as yet to be even advised, Par.,nnltr T, m onvineood that this b:, i n jy. will, <e, o chiming at ohap. savertuouwtott at the expense of news pal era that are ompelled to publish on the Intwests of others his silly stuff, We are - long suffering people, But, it this game is going to continue I promise the boy and his tiuopt showman such a dose of ' Bile' Beaus that he won't forget while they' live in a giaes hours and wash dirty linen all on their iw,. Perihaps the fact of his having youth on his sine hebre may be a show of hope for his Iml rov,.ment. Take for Ls.tance that pat of his reoont letter wherein he ims a "drop kink" at the United Milk Supplirel, A·sociatioln where he states: I am berin i'i to think with mar qf my ujypliere etc,, et c. Noerwt we omuld only take thibs tatemeint esalorisly, what a blessing it. would be, then we night with some dtrire ef oti lidouou forgive the error .of hise youth and look hopefully towards the consummation of beltter things In fu'urs. He tiles to write as if he really possessed a we ombition, but be polls it all when he ,fite to his " show " us having comne lfe 'isletice a, we generall? h at of trlupai.g utoiig coming into exiseuncet He tries to be a bit ,eintiflo cnd mIrso rato h a thutig being on this earth as a Milk Zone. Surely he mteand "Ozone" acd its t fluto on the milk P Hie mentions something about " Liias " being on the path. I aoppos hr hoas come to this conclusion in order to be 'excused from gling among the. farmers, Iloia it is said have, a weakuss for aansu as a morsel of diet. ie alea drags up the Ciama Ghost merely to draw attention to the advertisement below it. This is very gord. I am given to under. stand that Joe t:cffl has started in business in the same street and may.soon be ex.s peoted to advertise for a man to travel for corpses. What' boob it would bhe to the Kiama distriot if Joe" succeeded in gettingthe job of burying'ouoeo and forever the ' Ghost," These references are on a pr' with every picture this boy endeavours to draw, in as much as thole is never the slightest analogy between his subject and his picture. You should ask an apology Mr. Editor from those boys who have been using, your paper as a means of advertising themselves first and thus calling in life afterwards. My object in thus addressig jou is not that I 'onsider the slatements made worthy of any form of reply, but inerly as a request that you will throw open your columns to others who may be pleased to addeses you on matterrof equally great moment to our farmitng community and general reading publio of Kiame The manager of Holloway's Pills and Ointment oompany should in all. fuirnees get his Sshow " under public notice as quickly as posstble to prepare the way for the coming of the illustrious Oty., who has already purified the milk ,rd ,to such an extent as to rcient the greet.-iasd monster jealouey in the pure city of milk. Apologising for taking up so much bf your valuable space over what could be otherwieo' treated more'. eflotually ' by' silence. J beg to subscribe myself; YoursEtn. Eti. ' : DA'IRYFARME1R." 