CURRENT TOPICS. ; ... ' ' IV -. V".1 > It is usually a profitless' thing to kill the slain. But during an election certain' organi-. sations are gifted with! strange powet-s. They , electrify, all the corpses among their eiisuiil- .'lies, au'd pretend that they are still valid ; members of the fighting line. .Hence, tine et the. ordinary duties of the publicist nt elec tion time is to go on slaying the slain. . It is weeks, Vfor . instance, since the; ;pi-e-' tence of disunion -set : rip V by the janti-federals against : the ' . Barton,- Lyne; .combination was killed as' dead,-, as Julius, -Caesar. The corpse has had ample time to ibeeome as gruesome as corpses usually nr>.: But the Reidlte battery haMbteibftirn|d'< ori,; and the, dreadful thing has been galvnnlsed; making the political atmosphere! hideous with ' Ithe taint of unveraelty. We dan only. repeat jthe slaying process. The, truth 'about the l-iommittee is this : So far. from V being ' any Missensiou, every - candidate; was . .selected ijiiiinlmously ; there wns not a; single .division fn any case. Moreover, -rihen a ..federal-, pee- trader was opposed - ,to i ari aii ti-federal ! prce-trader, he -got tlie chbice, as a matter of ,:ourse. This Is the third kllllngl'5' _liet us (nope the corpse may iibwrie.-buiie' V |v. .' :. : j The various grounds oii, . which ., Minlsterin nest their claims! upon pubile'lBUppoi-.t are, to j my the least, peculiar. Mr. Held, of 'Course, ' jioses ns the '"jolly good; fellow;! author and. I-atentee of the "JpUy! rind fat' policy. .Mr.., parrard's devotion to the .cause, of education, ; tud his orations jto. babes.;and sucklings arq„ his testimonials,. Mr. Sydney Smith is- sup? losed to be.eiideared to the people chiefly; .by . ;hl researches lii the natural, history of. the tick, .and by his loyalty to Mr. Reid— "tlio fioost loyal colleague Premier ever had,! ri Mr. Reld's verdict. Mr. Joseph- ;!Cook— |v,ell, it is hard to say precisely- what he Is celebrated for, save, perhapB, troubles'- .with 'telephone wires. But of Mr. Bruiiker's. Manifold virtues and claim to,; his position 'there can bo no possible doubt. Perhaps,, ts an arithmetician, and calculator of ' per-, 'centages he may have had his superiors, say, in the lute Bishop Colenso, and one or two More. But no bishop that ever existed sur- jassed. we are tacitly asked tp believe, Mr. hrunker in active, and, indeed, in militant jiiety. It Is Mr. Bruiiker's presence in the c'ublnet that gives New South Wales earnest it the "God-fearing" character of the whole -Ministry, he, so to speak, makes vicarious ntonement for the sins (if aiiy) of the rest of \- l is colleagues. Even Mr. Joseph Cook shines 'vl th diminished religious radiance when -com- jared with so luminous a star as Mr. Brun- ksr. Under these eireumstanoeB it- distresses its to ask whether the -statement thii't-Mr. I ranker' has not attended his parish church fir three years can possibly lie true?) The famous revelations that Mr. Varney -larkes was to. have made ill the King Dlvl- ton turned out of no more Importance than a schoolgirl's whispered secrets. They .were as baseless as. the same gentleman's .scandals on the' Carter-Gummow contracts,- to examine Into which a Royal Commission was appoint ed, that ran the country into a great expense, and ended in smoke. But if Mr, Parkes made no communications to his audience In the na... turc of those mysteriously hinted at, it was only because he had no such Information in his possession. -Mr. Parkes would appear to have, a craze for raising ghosts. One! matter there was upon which he and he alone lias ..the-. amplest knowledge. He promised to re-: "sign his seat in Parliament if he failed to make good his charges of public works cor ruption. That he lgnomlnlously failed to substantiate them is : a matter of history. Mr. ' Parkes did. not: resign, rind he. fulled , last 'night to explain why., he broke, his pledged, word! After, breaking faith in this way, Mr. Parkes should be the lust man to. accuse others ' df inconsistency, tj use the mildest ; appropriate term'. Possessing .most ,of : the , defects, rind hardly any of the virtues, of- his- ; late- father, he is a person absolutely beneath: contempt. ' - y; - ' y ' V'.:: ;!!. ! ..! '.'From Phillip drunk to Phllll|) sober." 'What man of the remotest claims to eduoa- '.t'lon: has 'not.'iieard of the. famous phrase? To be unfamiliar with it argues an amount iof. crass ignorance that unfits the subject for- "high' 'positions,' politlcai or otherwise.. ! On' the lothey','ln4#!'tfli!iake>ttlV8. phrase from an. op-, ponent's speech, with -full knowledge of its character, and make it the basis of misrepre sentation, argues- the possession of defects equally' incompatlble . (ivith hlfeh position. In either case the conduct' is a poslttve dis qualification. We Invite Mr. Joseph sCook to makeVhls ' selection! kbet\veen the .t.wo dls-. qualifications; \ The case' is simple. Mr. Wise .used the phrase we have quoted in its unlver- sally-acbepted figurative sense! and Mr. Cook thereupon charged him with saying the elec- tcr's tvefe going to get drunk before voting., i jpid Mr. ! Cook know; what he -was talking ' about, or ".was -.he . maintaining; the character Yprt'Vhpliness'.'.- which usually igoes with ;.po)l- tldal; petty-fogging?! W V !'' .v V The' great demftrid in the' novel and ro- rorince of the present day 1b for what ls calleil iijoc-.il colouring, rind sensation.", 1 .It does riot much . matter what kind of, a story an- author' has to tell. as long as he plasters ori tlio pigments. with a lavish' hand. " This,; of .course, applies .to literature, pure and. simple. An oia-f ashloned belief still exists in some quarters ,tliat ' journalism-, should concern it- st-lf with facts, and sliould leave the gaudy .'pointing, and the varnishing and mendacity to tiiose. whose business' it is to say the . thing which Is, riot in the most attractive manner. Mr. , Reid's joui-nal-the organ which adopted ; him,' disowned him, and re-adopted lilm— ; docs not, however, permit' any strained ;re- ! vcierice: for mere truth', to stand in its \yay, illVnce, It will be perceived, all Mr. Reid's \- meetings are -of 'the most successful, nature;, 'tile; crowd, 'which. Is always "enormous,"- howls ' itself, hoarse with admiration of him; : ho, one ever dreams of interrupting, save one, .or pei'liaps two "Conservatives" . in disguise. Everyone worships, and, of course, agrees with him;' This is the invariable rule/arid nritui-aily his meeting at Bathurst yoHi/.yiiay ,was no exception to.lt. There, according .. to;, 'the organ referred -to, seems to have been 'only' .one Bnrtonian; sympathiser present. According,.' however, to sirriple truth, which is even greater than Mr. Reid's Jour- . ljaij his' reception 'ivas of a most mixed na-' iuip, and though a certain amount of respect .ti'ris paid to him on, account of that "posi- Ition" he is 'fori ever prating about; there was- considerable exhibition -'of hostility to him as ;thb betrayer of federation, . and considerable .admiration displayed for Mr.: Barton. This Is riot' at. all wonderful. Like the rest of :Ne\y South Wales', "Batliurst has found Mr. Rt-id out! ' ' .-; . -' :...!; : . i / . Perhaps there is no federalist who is being marked down for defeat by the provinelallsts with so much earnestness , as Mr. Dugald Thomson; This gentleman's attitude has be'eii grossly misrepresented by the antl- fcdeial organ, and his indignant letter , of remonstrance and denial was kept brick from publication until . further delay became Im possible. ; -A. desperate endeavour Is being made to wrest his seat from him, in order to punish him for his patriotism in the.federal cause; arid- 'the instrument; chosen by the provinelallsts is Mr. Rolln.) This gentleman's altitude is hideously Inconsistent. He voted- for the Commonwealth Bill, and gave the mea sure his utmost support, but has joined the band .of anti-federalists, who are bent upon destroying the hopes of Australia. It 1b a pity.' that. he hps consented to become a, tool of the provlnclallst 'party; but he Is a free agent, nnd must take the, consequences of his action in the crushing defeat which in-, eyltalily awaits him; and not in that' alone, i'c,r the public does not easily .forget political tieachery of the kind Mr.- Rolin Is guilty of. in opposing so sound a federalist as Mr. Thomson, in-order to satisfy the vengeance of. tbeproyinclalists.- !--."' — ' ! » ' ''/ Mr. Barton has been accused of "angling" for the police vote. - There Is as much truth; in, tlio -assertion as in most of Mri Reid's .ohrii-ges against his opponent.. At one of.Mr.! ; Barton's meetings a written question; was- j handed in asking liim whether . ho . was in fu- ,-yqur of granting the .police a fortnight's holl- i day In the year, like other civil servants. Mr."' Barton promptly replIOd in the affirmative, >feeling, as a fair riian, that there is no earthly reason why the police should not get ..the! same treatment as the other employees of the State. Thiit' Is all the angling;.. Bar ton has' done. The'fact that he was specifl- cally asked the question produces the Im pression that the police have been appealing for the concession from the present Govern- \- riient, and have failed to obtain it. .The pre sent Administration have riot been- too ..fa- vourable to the police, rind this Is shown In the fact that the latter have been denied the ', annual rest 'granted to other civil servants. To refuse them this is unfair, and. Mr. Bar- tbri'is always on the side of fairness. To ac-', ouse him of angling for the police vote is a pieceof mendacity Inspired' by 'tlie fear that his straightforward statement will secure him ' the support of that vote. . The supporters of the federal cause must 'keep iqri the look-out for sharp' practices on the '-part of the anti-federalists. Rumours of roil-'' stuffing are current, and- there is every ground for suspicion that tactics Of this kind have been resorted to, in some constituencies, in anticipation of the general election. This is more particularly the case in country elec torates, where there Is a large .floating popu lation, and where batches of men have been sent to. work by .the Government. The as sumption is that these men will be favour able to the hnnds that fed them by the ex penditure of loan funds, and that their votes will be cast for the Ministerial or labour can didates. ' But -the object that Is sought to be accomplished , by the stuffing of the rolls can ,be easily blocked, and the scrutineers of federal candidates should see that the clauses'' In the Electoral Act dealing with the offence are applied rjgorously. The voice of the peo ple must not be defeated by trickery. One naturally expects from certain quar ters a display of pettlnose and meanness at .election times. What is. bred,: In.-. the bone comes "out -at such epochs.-i'stiil jt-ls gene rally conceded that sueh;'pitiful'"rixhlbiti(ms . should be . left' to the ! groundlings, .arid that politlcai . leaders,: howeyrir mean they may: feel and are; -sholild :rit ieiist 'make a decent! pretence at. dpneeaiirig their : unpleasant 'Idiosyncrasies.. Messrs. .Reid and Want, how-., ever, in theiri present: anU-federal campaign,; have thrown! aside all- kttemnt;!afc seemly re serve,- arid no ab'use', rio' accusation,' arid no! insinuation seem too despicable for their em ployment. Thus. w4e. se?. Mi-. , Reid descend-, irig to -abuse and; misrepresentation of a life-! lorig; friend, ; in the person of Mr. T. M.-. Slat-, tery, whom- he accuses, : most unjustly, of "underground; engineering,", weI:kno\ylng the kind of prejudice thiit Will give' rise tb in, the minds of s.onie who, are. ever on the qui; Vive foi- mysterious plots which exist only in their : too vivid' jriirigiriatlon. Then, as If 'there! wns it' conspiracy' between' the two; arch' ! destroi:ing angels, of federation, we hrive Mr. : Want at -Auburn trying to stir up rncial en mity — a device 'sometimes,:- unforturiatelj',. successful- at eloctlon'sby iissertiiig that MiT :Wlse -had 'slandered trie Irish people and the Catholic ; religion — it is somewhat strange to see Mr. -Want posing'as the1 defender of any faith! -AVe hardly think' either. Mr. Reid or; Mr. Want will succeed In his uhamluble in tention. This klnd- of ghost has been trot-; ted out too many times In 'the political history1 -of New South.Wiiles'; But" the. fact does not :ln the- least extenuate the uriuCterabre pril- 'tryness of their motives.- .n, Mr. Farnell'sfarnous fishlhg' net caught many, thirigs.'rriost of which,' trie "public ;, re-; members pretty well. ' .There! was a large 'percentage,':' for. Instance, of squid, dog .fish," (md .other -creatures of no !uceount. We; ! were under ;'tlie lmpt-esslori'.th'a't 'air the names' ofthe examples of this class were riiade pub-, lie, after each 'oateh. That was. "an' error,. for; the name of the principal example has, only just been.'disclqsed. It Is Frank Fa'rnell. :We, can 'only "surmise that .this., rather re- jnarknble catch was not .known rit the., time .rieeause the , net :had not . got into, politicai, waters. When It;;" was trawling: through these, it had a ratlior striking experience. .In fact, lt seems to have .ctiased Mr. Fai-nell l'oi some time, up arid- down the mud at the' bottom of the poiitibril ooze. It seems 'that Mr. Farnell'was rill the time crying out that he would support: either Bold or Barton; in fact, he had a lively game of Yes-No., Caii- we wonder that' trie not scooped him. into the lipid Ian bucket? ' Can we wonder that, -being 'there he says lie has found Held? Air. I'nrnell. w'e understand, does not like any al lusion to athese little submarine eccentrici ties. But that they happened we have the clearest evidence. 