SHORT CUTS TO FORTUNE. Recent Searches for Treasure-trove. That very suspicious story of the discovery of treasure worth §30,000,000 bv an Knglisli man-of-war on Cocos Island reminds me (writes an occasional correspondent to the Westminster Bud.iet) that during the past year or two there has grova up something that very closely resembles a mania in the direction of hunting for lost treasure. The people who have developed the craze the most keenly are the Americans, but we ourselves are not , guiltless. Mr. Knight's trip to Trinidad i Islet m search of the bullion ar.d jewellery j a supposed to have been depositi-d there for j safety from the sack of lama m Peru is now a matter of history. Jtore recently we have had on hand the search for the treasure of the Lutine, which went down iu 17'J3 t>S the coast of Holland with £1,200,000 in gold and silver bullion; and shortly an English naval captain will load an expedition to the Arabian and Rid Sens with the intention of picking up, if ho may, tho uutold gold lost alonsr that immc morial trade route from the days of the Phoenicians to our own. The captain confidently expects with patience and assiduity to pick up, first in the shallow waters of the Arabian Sea, and afterwards in the Red Sea, wealth worth at the very least £800,000,000. He has the writer's very best wishes for complete success. A Long Island man is building just now a curious submarine vessel, with which he proposes to scour the hoor of the ocean in search of treasure. The vessel will be 80 feat long. From a preliminary account of her we gather that the surface buoyancy will be overcome by means of heavy weights attached to long wire cables connected with drums at either end of the vessel. By the operation of these drums the vessel will be drawn to the bottom of tho sea. , Running fore aud aft are axles with broad-tired wheols, which are connected with an olectrie motor. " In this way," we are told "the ship will be transformed into a vehicle" a sort of electric motor for the bonefit of the numerous mermaids, one may suppose. It would be useless to go into further details regarding the construction of this peculiar ship vehicle. Suffice it that tho inventor believes in it, and has convinced himself further, that by its means he will become richer than the Vanderbilts in twelve months. He has a carefully prepared list of treasure ships lost since the days of Drake, and the latitude and longitude of the spot* where they are supposed to rest beneath tho waves. He will first make a beeline for L'Orient, which was sunk by Nelson at the battle of' the Nile. She had a large amount of jewellery and plate, and £600,000 in specie aboard. Then he will look for the wreck of the De Braak, lost off the Delaware in 1733, with a great amount of Spanish specie and bullion. On his list is also the Golden Gate, sunk off Hatteras in the early fifties', and simply filled with gold from California. . Only a few weeks ago we heard of the organisation of two American expeditions— one to recover the chests of Spanish doubioons said to have been buried on San Miguel Island, 1 off Santa Barbara, on the Calitornian coast, by j the crew of a Spanish vessel wrecked in that j neighbourhood many years ago; and the other , to search for pirate treasure hidden on the j Island of Grand Terre, in Barataria Bay, Louisiana, by one of the gantry who in the long ago made tM West Indies their hunting ground, and who retired to the quiet caves which abound between the Mosquito Coast and South Florida, when they desired a rest, or when pursuers became importunate. This last expedition was associated with the pirate Jean Lafitte, who is supposed to have secreted somewhere about the coast enough wealth to buy up Loudon. This man's u»me is a synonym for piracy among the half-million people who inhabit those parts. Just ask them, and they will fioint out a thousand things associated with him, and will cail their grandfathers to teli you enough grisly tales about him to fill a book. There is not one of the thousand low. Hat islands along the Gulf coast from Pensacola clear around to the Point of Yucatan, not a bayou, creek, bay, lagoon, or crooked waterway in all that country but has its dark tales of Lafitte and his hidden treasures. He is their greatest hero. His father was a Frenchman, who emigrated to the West Indies, where he had possessions. But a negro revolution drove the family to New Orleans, where the son took to smuggling. Then occurred the revolt against Spain. A Republic was proclaimed iu Mexico, and its adherents were engaged in a bitter struggle with the Spanish Viceroy. The Revolutionary Government was represented in New Orleans by a Commissioner, Don Jose Manual Herrera. From Herrera Lafitte obtained the appointment of Governor of Texas, under the Revolutionary Government of Mexico, procured a nutnber'of vessels, and harried the Spaniards nominally as the servant of the new Republic, but actually on his own account. It is beyond question that he did not confine his attentions to Spanish ships, but attacked all merchantmen that came in his way. In his time he committed enormous havoc, and must have appropriated enormous treasure. What did he do with this treasure? That is just what American speculators would like to know. As we hare hinted, almost every likely and unlikely spot along the Gulf Coast has bsen tapped for this recalcitrant treasure. The last carried through—that is, apart from the oue to Grand Terre—was in Au;ust last year, when there appeared off Matagordo Island a mysterious schooner manned by haU-a-dozyn mysterious men, who landed on the island, spent a few days there, and then left in their schooner as mysteriously as they came, leaving behind them in the sand a square hole 6 ft. wide and C ft. deep, as though they had dug up something and carried it away. From this every native knew there had been another search for Jean Lafitte's buried treasures. The small island of Cheniero Comirada, a few miles south of Biioxi (Miss.), was perhaps the favourite resort of Lafitte. He had a house there, and the frame of the " Lafitte Cottage" is still to ba seen, built almost upon the water's edge. A path leads through the garden to the beach, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of water oaks. It seems very strange that some fortune-hunter does not dig under the old weather- beaten building for treasure. Perhaps the story that ghosts of mon dangling from ropes and of men in tap act of walking blindfolded into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary spot prevents the search. Digging, however, continues at intervals on other portions of the island, and at Biioxi, where the pirates frequently came. A hint from any very old negro will set a lot of gold-hunters to work vigorously. Just about the time when the treasurehunters were at Matagorda, another party was searching in the neishbourhood of the Delaware Capes for the £5,000,000 in Spanish gold said to have gone down in that neighbourhood in the privateer De Braak, already alluded to. This was the fourth attempt after the same treasure, and it need scarcely be said it was not found. It must be an impossible task to locate the wreck in the shifting sands that lie off these Capos. • A little earlier.in the year an expsdition was fitted out at New York to search for the treasure—estimated at half-a-million sterling — which undoubtedly went down with an English mau-of-war about the time of the revolutionary outbreak on Hell Gate m Long Island Sound. This r.lso was unsuccessful. The United States from the Delaware southward is supposed to have been fancied as a treasure burial-ground by Blue Beard aud the other men who formed the earlier generation of' pirates. There is probably not an acre of ground south of the Cape that has not been dug on for sunken treasure. We never heard of more than one authentic find. About seventy years ago an American schooner went ashore somewhere north of Sinepuxiut Inlet, and going along the beach the captain found the end of a chest sticking out of the sand. He took it aboard, and getting safely away went to Boston. The chest contained a quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled arms, and some money, supposed to have belonged to Bradish Ten, Kidd"'s first mate, who escaped when the captain was taken. The evidence, however, on which tho ownership is ascribed to Ten seems very inconclusive. No fewer than three several searches were made last year for the treasure bidden somewhere on Mague Island, in the Gulf of Florida, by an old miserly ex-miner named Nicholson. It was at first thought, we are told, that Nicholson had iust enough money to keep the wolf from his door. But one day a visitor surprised him as he was bending over a shining heap of gold. There were ten and tweutv doljgr pieces enough to fill the rude table on whffili they were piled, besides many " slugs," au octagonal-shaped piece of Californian gold at one tiixio m circulation or the coast, and valued at fifty dol lars. Shortly afterward Nicholson died suddenly. He had no relations, had made no will, and seemingly had left nothing valu able behind hiin. But what about that tablo full of gold? The fortune-hunters rushed in by the dozen; searched everywhere about the hut and its vicinity; turned up e-ery sod in tho garden, and even ploughed the sands of the shore all round the isiaud. One of the men who last year endeavoured to locate the bullion tooka divining rod with him. He wis as successful as his predecessors. 