The Light that Casts no Shadow Cinuous storius are told about the poweis [josoisuil by certain uat.ives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is *aid, have devot d sco es of yenra to tho sludy of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothinp about. ' Lately a German profeasor visited tho ' adpptu,' as these queer Hindus are tailed, for the purpose of niulii-jj ou*. the peiret of their remarkable performaa es. They treated him rather semvily, bu. intero-teil him ull the same. Onu day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An ado,. t went with him to a cave wheein the books were kept. The place was dark as tho bottom ot a we.l. ?? I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ' Then we will have somo light,' ivub the reply, and immediately (thn professor say-0 a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strango quality — it east not the ally hied ttluulow. 1'his-is a story hard to believe, yet' its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who nuw roiid it have np reason for doubt except thut all tho lights you have seen have cast shadows.-: Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnspii'.snilfed at thu account of the Lisbon ouitliqunko, yet cifiditod the tato of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a euro, is seep'icul when fiionds tell him of a medicine which thoy believe will make him well. What otso but doubt could result from his expeiienoe? Take an example : ' In tho spring of 1888,' writes our corres pondent, '? I foil into alow, weak, and lan guid state. J felc low-xpirited and out of soils. At first my stomueli was dorunped, my appetite poor, and after eating I bad pain and weight at my chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter I ilo. La'or on I suffered from nervousnes- and great depression of spiiits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense uf discomfort. '- Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took lelieving me.- At la-t 1 heard of Mother. Suhjel's ^'yrup, and procured a supply. After I ha - taken only u few dosea I found roiief ; my focd digested, and gradually all ncrvou3!ien3 luft mo. Al- hout;h I ha-l no rouHoirlit' first to feel any confidonue in this mudiciue, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my reeovory, for which I thank Mother tioigel's Curative Syrup, I have bcon in the bent of health and spirit?. In the inteiosts of Buttering humanity I deem it 11 duly to send you this testimony. (Signed) I-. Griffiths, tailor 11 nd outfitter, 151,Hookiey Hill, Birmingham, Juno 8tU, 1893.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. urnuin o uumuiu ituiut uuu luu aiviy uuuuu liio light that cast-no shadow. Tho latter may. be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it js worth. On the other hand wo have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can bo found at his aildrots. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Soigol'a Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that - most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal dieeuso — indigest'on and dyspepsia ; it cures that, aiid throws the light of health and happi ness over hearths and homes who e illness und pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadow?. Aud that is why people believe all tbat is told of ita success by eugor witnesses. 