READY 10 PERISII. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clear autumn moonlight in a secluded spot in Hyde Park, a homeless, hope less, stricken man. He was filled with despair too deep for words, - and the most bitter thought it his heart was that he had been brought to this terrible pass by his own mad folly. The quiet stars shone above him ; and the night winds sighed mournfully through the trees and amid the long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunk upon a seat with a groan. A sound struck his ear-the hour called aloud by many clocks. He mechanically drew from his pocket a handsome gold watch, and by the uncertain light reuarded its face As he replaced the watch in his pocket abitter smilecrossed his Fale face. 'What matters the hour ? he said aloud. The man was in that lonely spot with a fearlul purpose-he had comse there to die. Yes, in that solitary spot he intended to take the life that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be bomrne, a curse instead of a blessing. I: had come to this : he, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had no courage to face the world he knew rather would he leap unbidden into eternity, and brave the perils he knew not. He drew forth a revolver, and placed it upon the seat by him, where it lay with a passing ray of moonlight falling the elmleaves, and glinting on its polished surface like the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and deadly. ' I am lost, body and soul,' said the man, re moving his hat slow!y, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold muzzle against his burning brow. 'Hold. What is this ?' The voice startled the suicide. He lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the path-way on which he stood, so suddenly had he appeared. ' Who are you ? asked Mansfield haughtily. ' Never mind me. Wno areyou and what are you doing ? ' Why should I render an account of myself to you, ?' asked Clarence defiantly. ' I am a desperate man,' replied the other, calmly. 'Like your. self, I came here to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do I kill yourself? I do it because I am haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, my dead past, as you may say. They talk of angels weeping over sinners ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now I stand under the stars without a shilling in my pocket I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, ar.d I found I had only a halfpenny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that-a half pennyworth of poison could never make an end of a .tough citizen like me, so I walked up here. I have that half-penny left. I'll give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not naturally mean. I'll die first.' Mansfield looked at his new acquain tance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips? He appeared about 35 years of age ; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, straggling and unkempt, ond his clothes were extremely shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands were constantly in mctio, betraying his nervous tempera ment. He constantly kept looking around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. ' Who are you ? asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dis pense with ceremony. 'I am Alfred the Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like. 'A rose by any other name.' What's the use of arguing over one's name at a time like this ? Let us study cause and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. The causes of my present condition are too much wine, too much card-playing, too much worse than doubtful company and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way; the effect of all this being that I can't stand it any longer.' ' I did not inquire your name from idle curiosity,' said Clarence. 'I was struck by the strarge circumstance of your appearance at the moment you did -just when I was about to either put an end to my misery or plunge head. long into a worse hell than this.' 'There is no hell unless we make it so. Look around you. Could mortal. eyes gaze upon a fairer picture? See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of grass, wet with dew. Seethe graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branches slumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the roice of nature. They are happy, and, as someone says, 'Only man is vile.' All my troubles havecome from myself I never tried to do right You have not either, or you would not be here.' 'I have tried sometimes.' 'Did you really? Well, I didn't. NTow, as I have answered your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die ?' 'I am a villain. I have been tran sacting business for my father. -I was supposed to be smart. and, of course, trustworthy. Well, I got into all sorts of bad company, embertled money, and thought-I could replace it; then gambled to better myself, lost all I had, and, to make a long story short, I've been going to the devil for three years; now I've got there. My father has dis- I covered all, and I could not face him, and above all my mother. I could not see any way out of it but this. I fled from homne three days sgo, and I've been wandering around ever since. My father is stern and strict, and I'vre I been expecting to be arrested every moment. He must feel it terribly-and my poor mother; I am her only child, and she loves me, was proud of me. Fa:her would think nothing of putting me in prison. But the worst of all is yet to be told-a girl, a lovely girl, the daughter of wealthy parents, is foolish t unough to love me. 'Poor child . she ias been living in a dream. It seenmss hard that she should have such a cruel awakening. I have destroyed ev thing that might lead to my iden - te cation, so I can only hope that by td mother and Lucile may never kxpw e- what became of me.' th He stopped, unable to contin e. re His new companion took a seat, fore at had been standing. They taliked bn le for some time, and were recalled to et their purpose by the sound of the clocks bht striking ten. te ' Do you know I am very hungry ?7 re said Clarence's new friend. 'Give me Sthe pistol, and let me make an end of n. this business for it is useless to endure .d more discomfort than is absolutely ly necessary.' Id For the second time that night ht Clarence had drawn his watch from his te pocket. td 'By the way,' he said, as he glanced ? at it it, 'this watch must be got rid of at it has my monogram upon it. What ,e shall I do with it ? at 'Have you got a watch ? Why didn't re you say sa before ? Let us go and pawn e it. We can at least have scme supper, se and not go hungry into the next world. to ' Why, this is childish. Take the :f watch and welcome, but leave me alone, e. Go ! Perhaps you may see some reason d why you should live. Good-bye.' S'No. In the first place I intend to :o stay with you to the end, and in the w second place I can't pawn your watch, d for if I do they will a-rest me when e your body is found. Come on, you are It not the man I take you for if you will s let a fellow creature die hungry. n Clarence rose reluctantly; he wished n to get quickly over his fearful task. It might be that he feared his desperate d courage would fail him if he delayed. is ' Come on, friend,' urged the stranger d and the young man followed him. ' Now we can talk more at our ease,' said the man of many names ; slip,;ing his hand through Mansfield's arm as e they found themselves on a broader e path. He talked on, and Mansfield n was struck by the force and originality e of his remarks, and varied nature of his y information. He. was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more j depth of character than a casual ob server would have given him credit for. d 'Give me the watch,' he said, when they were clear of the park, ' and meet it me in yonder restaurant.' ' It is too late to pawn it now,: replied Clarence, placing the watch in his r hand. ' Not at all. You .re unsophisticated t my young friend. This is Saturday y night, and this is the witching hour . when the spider, whose sign is three e golden balls, catches more flies than , any other hour in the day. Proceed to u the restaurant, and I'll be with you anon.' r Clarence obeyed. He walked into I the restaurant and took hi; seat at one e of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told him he was wait a ing for a friend. Left to himself, a e flood of painful thoughts came over him. d The presence of his new acquaintance d had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubted force y when he was once more alone. He n regretted that he had not carried out h his terrible intention without delay, and blamed the chance that brought the it other wretched man to the same spot as ,r himself. While painfully musing he e took up a paper that lay before him, z the ' Daily Telegraph,' and among the ' Personals' this caught his eye : ' Clarence -M- .Come home. All it will be forgiven and forgotten. Mother t, is desperately ill, and asks for you con e stantly.-Father.' Is What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow e surged through his heart. Overcome t,_ by the tide of feeling, he laid his head down on the table, and tears of peni if tence streamed from his eyes. Those tears were not unmanly; they washed away the bitter feelings of anguish and t- despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a g stronger and better man. Just as he y conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glance that some r new tide in the affairs of men had s turned in his companion's favor. He t sat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered supper for both without asking one question. Clarence understood , the delicacy that prompted him, and, , touching his arm, laid the paper before y him silently, indicating the notice. ' I am glad, from my heart,' said the stranger warmly, pressing the young e man's hand as he spoke. ' You see, it was well you followed my advice. You e will return of course ?' ' Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you?, ' Me I Oh, I'll finish my supper and then go back and finish my work. It is no use for nmto live.' ' No, you shall not. Come with me to Dalston. I shall tell my father when and how I met you. He employs over a hundred men, and you are not too t proud to work for another man at pre sent, as you have no business of your own.· tThe only answer Clarence received was a hearty squeeze of the hand, and e in the piercing eye of his companion s he saw tears well up. Next morning saw both men on their V way to Dalston. When they arrived there they went before Mr. Mansfield, f and Clarence told their story. The Sstern man was deeply moved, and in Sbroken tones he blessed and forgave his erring son. He also extended a kindly welcome to thestranger, who gave Shis name as Herman Everlee. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but thetsight of her boys face restored her. Everlee was placed in the counting house, and oroved himself a valuable assistant- Ihonest, keen, and industrious. He re mained in Mr. Mansfield's employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on a visit He returned, after an absence of four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. All his friends were filled with surprise, as they had always sup posed him an unmarried man. 'That is what filled me with despair, he said in confidence to Clarence. ' But my brave Mary fought on alone till I had been here a month, and then I wrote and told her all. Since then I have supported them, and now I am once more a happy man. I have gathered furniture by degrees, and although our home is not much like our former man sion, Mary loves it, and says she was never so happy, and I believe her, God bless her.' t Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, and brought back hii bride, the beautiful I.ucile, who had 1 loved him so long as so devotedly. She 1knew his story, and was willing to trust her heart to his keeping, and time pro- I ved that her confidence was not mis. t phlaced. ie becameoneof the leading p men in his business and social circle, respected by all and well beloved by relatives and friends,an honoured father and a happy husband. Years after, when the firm was known as Mansfield and Everlee, the partners set aside a sum every year. It was sent to a well.known clergyman in SWhitechapel to be used by him for the purpose of assisting just such desperate men as they once had been-men ! driven to despair by the fruits of their own folly. The fund was a secret to the partners, and was called by them ' Our fund for those who ar. ' Ready to Perish.' ' 