CHAPTER IT.—THE HOUSE ’WITE THE SEVEN GABLES.! The driver has been momentarily over whelmed by the disaster that has corn* nil ox him without a second's warning; but lie quickly recovers liis head, and i picking- himself up from the street, runs! to the assistance of the young man. I “J have the beast all right; look you to the passenger—I’m afraid he’s been hurt,-’ sings out .Tack, whoso long famili arity with the broncho of the American prairies during his life as a. cowboy has taught him many a trick, by means of which the most spirited horse might, he held in check. Obediently the Jehu turns towards his dilapidated vehicle. He finds some dif ficulty in opening the front, which has suffered from the horse’s heels or a sud | den collision with the pavement; hut } presently succeeds, and just as Jack ie giving the horse over in charge of a po 11 iceman who comes running up, the in ; mate of the forlorn .hansom is assisted ! out. Fortune lias indeed played him a scurvy trick, for lie is badly battered, and doubtless believes the case far worse than it wifiturn out in the- end. Jack remembers the glimpse he had of the gentleman's face, and is more 'than curious to ascertain whether it can be possible he knows this unfortunate; traveller. So lie bends over him. -and discovers lie has made no mistake. Howard Spencer!” he exclaims. The man, -who has been groaning with .pair., and is evidently considerably, be wildered 'by the' 'blows he ' received, looks at him vacantly, as he mutters: . “That was my name once—heard it somewhere or other. Badly hurt, ain’t I? Too plagued mean it comes just when I was about, to take a leap into the lap of Fortune. She told me no good could come of it. Say,' who are yon, anyhow?” —to Jack, who bends over. “Why, Howard, old boy, don’t you re member me—Jack Travers?” says the other, cheerily. The man on the pavement breaks out into a laugh—a harsh laugh, that grates on the nerves. “Tell that to the marines. Jack Tra vers! Why, he’s dead, and I’m liis ghost —take my oath on it. Haunted by the name. What’s all this? Blood? Then ’ I’m badly hurt, ain’t I? Must go on— promised to be there by twelve. A for-! tune at stake, you know. Help me up, you follow Don’t you know a gentle man when you see him? Now show me| the house with seven gables at the cor ner. I toll you I must get there, or all is lost.” The man has an. am-Azing amount of pertinacity about himVat any rate, he reels forward, takes three steps, and falls headlong, so that it is only a quick movement on th’e part of Ah Sin that saves him from crashing to the pave “Badly hurt. I will send for help and have the gentleman taken to a hospital,” says a second police officer, who has ar Tt would be a wise plan,” remarks Jack, “for he may have received inter na! injuries. Tou see he talks as if he’s off his head.” By this time numerous heads have ap peared at windows along the Canongate,' and a small crowd has collected around the broken liansom, which the driver is endeavoring to patch temporarily to gether, so that ho may drag it away to the mews where his quarters are lo Jack attempts to question the man, whom he has apparently known at some ; former period of liis adventurous past, hoping to discover where he puts up ; I but the ■ other pays no attention, mut tering to himself about his appointment and swearing horribly every time he moves his wrenched or broken arm. :; Turning to the. liansom driver. Trav el's learns that lie picked up his fare at tile station, the gentleman having come byvu delayed train. hiQuicitly. in response to the policeman’s call, an ambulance arrives, showing how systematically everything is done .in this beautiful city on the Forth. The unfortunate gentleman is lifted into it, and almost before Jack realises the fact, the vehicle vanishes down the street. ' He turns round; the Jeliu is also leav ing the spot, irttli liis horse towing 'the wrecked hansom; the little crowd dis-' perses, heads are drawn in from win dows, and almost like magic the Canon gate resumes its normal stale of mid night silence. Jack nibs his eyes in bewilderment. “Come, was all this a dream, or did it' really happen? That poor fellow had an awful shake-up. Once we were chums, and many times have we slept under the same blanket, until that litle affair down at Santa Fe separated us. I never could forgive Howard his treatment of that black-eyed beauty. What brings him across my path again, and, of all times, how? Heigho! what o’clock is it up there—eleven-fifty? How the minutes drag! I-Jave I really been asleep and dreaming! Ah Sin. did a vehicle smash to pieces here?” (he demands, turning on his faithful follower. “Velly muchee smasliee up,” replies '• the Celestial, with an angelic smile. I And a gentleman was hurt?” ! “Yep. velly sure; he talkee in air,” | responds All Sin, nodding eagerly, i “And (they carried him to the hos pital?” “Takee to dead house, allee samee,” declares the Mongolian, rather flip pantly; for' the heathen Chinee has no heart for any one outside of Jack. “H’nil Well, that settles it; but I'm liardly able to believe it. happened even now. Perhaps you dreamed the same thing I did. '' Where's your proof, Ah Sin? No broken liansom, no wounded gentleman, nothing at all to show.” “How this?” and the mpn from the East holds a small package aloft. “A packet of letters tied with a string. Where under the sun did you get those, my good man?” “On street — fall from pocket of Howard, allee samee.” "The deuce you say. Then why ——. But never mind; I’ll take charge of them and see that he gets his property in the morning when I hunt him up at the hospital. At any rate, this is proof enough I wasn’t dreaming. I wish I could bo ns sure about his raving. My ghost, eh? Well, I like that — rather cool, to say the least. Haunted by my name is he? Well, I’m sorry, but I never thought it was so atrocious as that. What else, did lie say about going on?—had an appointment at twelve that he must fulfil. Rather un fortunate, but he seems more in a con dition to keep one in the other world. A fortune at stake, c-h? Why, that's something in my own line. Deuced odd we both should have visited the Canon gate at midnight on errands involving the filthy lucre! Show him the house ■with seven gables at the corner. That was where he had the appointment, 1 reckon. Is there such a house near here? I’ve a charitable notion to saun ter on a little bit and see. It would, perhaps, be doing a favor if I dropped in and explained to the good folks just why Howard failed to turn up. “It wasn’t his fault, goodness knows. Wheels will sometimes fly off their base, and give an unexpected twist to a mam’s fortunes. I’ve had such things happen myself. He said all might be lost unless he got there. That wotild be a pity if a few minutes of my time can save the “Howard and I are no longer the friends we once were, but-I'm enough of a philanthropist to do that little thing for him. Hello! Two — four — six; yes. seven! And at.he comer, too. Without a doubt that must be the identical, biiild ! ing he spoke of. Perhaps I may lose my chance of meeting my correspondent to Irugnx, out even max must not Keep Jack Travers from his duty. Ah Sin, my hoy, do you see that building over yonder— the house of seven gables—the house to which the poor gentleman-was driving when his lyre was punctured? Well, i’m going over to sound a tattoo on the door, and let them know, why Howard fails to show up. You see there are lights—they evidently expect, him. A fortune, lie said ; perhaps some old worthy uncle waiting to make him his heir. Poor uncle! I'm sorry for him. knowing the said Howard of old. How watch me, my boy, and take a lesson. This is the gentleman’s rap — not the postman's or the nvan with a hill.” Evidently this same- Jack Travers, bachelor, is inclined to be rather a ; facetious individual, capable of seeing | something in life beyond mere exist ITe gives the knocker several resonant blows, which eelio • along. .. the quiet street. Some one is heard advancing on the other side of the door,'and a hand fumbles the chain. ...Evidently the in mates of this queer house with the gables do not put implicit confidence in their neighbors, or else' they come from a country where locks are a necessity. Jack somehow.or otlit-r, at-the jingle of. the chain, has a hash of.jpeinembranca concerning the fortune mentioned by the passenger of the wreekf-d- hansom call. Then the door opens.1 The hall-way is dimly lighted- and lie can just sec- the figure of a. man before him—a man as striking in his general ap pearance as' one would meet- in the Quartier Latin of Paris, where art stu dents abound—a man who has long iron grey hair that falls to his' shoulders, a snow-white beard, and who wears the conventional black velvet jacket of an .Tack is a little struck by the appear ance of this gentleman, who has swung tile door back rather hastily, and is ob serving him with what appears to be a burning gaze, so that for the moment lse t forgets to speak. During this brief space'.of time he feels I rather than sees the.oy.es of the" other fastened upon him. Nor is the explana tion difficult to seek, if. as he believes, this is the house where Howard had his appointment. He finds his voice. "Pardon me. sir; but were you expect ing some one?” he asks. To his surprise .the old gentleman Im mediately puts out his hand; his whole demeanor changes, since he., no longer frowns and looks suspicious, but smiles; and Jack, not to be outdone in polite ness, meets that palm half way, believ ing he can at least hold his own when it comes to a . squeeze, - if. given his favorite grip. The beds clang out the midnight horn just at this moment, and between the strolcc-s he hears the other say, with what appears to be a foreign accent to his English: ‘■'Welcome, welcome, to my house! You keep the appointment barely to the | letter; still, os we say in sunny Spain, j Mas vale tarde quo- nunca, which is, | Better late than never-. I have waited I —we all have waited anxiously. Por j Dios: you arc here. Again I soy. with i all my heart, welcome on this happy j night, Mr Jack Travers—ha, ho! I (To be Continued). 