THE CHURCH AND AUSTRALIA. THE CHURCH GENERALLY. And first, the church. Do I mean our church? A fair question, and one not to be shirked! Well, I do, and I do not. What do we mean when we speak of “The State?” —the State in its relation to the individual citizen, to labor, to crime, to education, to land tenure, to trade? Naturally a Victorian means by it the Government of his own colony; but without ignoring the fact that the State is an institution confined to no single country, but common to all realms. I remember*as a child overhearing my father discourse with guests at the family table about the Church of England. “ Papa,” I interjected, during a lull in the conversa tion, “ What street is the Church of England in? It must be a fine one, from all you say, and I should like to go to it.” “I’ll take yon there next Sunday, my boy,” replied my father. Plain minds gravitate instinctively from the abstract to the concrete—from the general to the purticular; and it is a healthy instinct an the whole. But the Church of England stands in no one street; and the Church of Christ is not confined to any single “ denomination.” The English Church no more furnishes it with a circumference than the Roman or the Russian. We find “ the church” in each, but neither of them is the church itself, any more than the Atlantic or Pacific is the ocean, or Africa or America the habitable earth. I like the first analogy, in some respects, the best; conceivably, Borne one world-power might extend its frontier to embrace all lands; what squatter will drive his post and rail fence—what empire builder his line of fortresses—over God’s rolling seas? Doubtless the true Church of i Christ has a “ pale,” or bounding limit; and it is known to God; but which of us presumes to fix precisely its location? Anglicanism assuredly doe3 not! Thank Heaven, our own ecclesi astical allegiance binds us to “ unchurch” no other company of professing Christians. One of our articles, indeed, defines “ the visible church;" but the name seems to postulate an Invisible which eludes the defi nition; and its terms, though probably as accurate as they safely can be made, suggest questions as to their application to which it is not possible—probably not desirable to find an authoritative and accepted answer. Baptism seems the only “ tessera” of church membership known to S. Paul. “ We were all baptised unto one body,” he says; and we shall probably agree that all baptised per sons are, in some sense, within Christs •church. Yet that maxim brings us no nearer the answer to the further question, far from easy to solve (save in one way that revolts our conscience) in a land like this, where no Christian community can claim to be nationally recognised, as par excellence “ The Church" —or to have been the first started in the country, or to have originated its evangelislation; I mean the question, Which is the true Church of Christ or which are true branches of it, among all the denominatians which cover the ground . Well, I think we are not called upon to pronounce at what point the differentia of church-hood” (is there an English equiva lent for that ? A name seems wanted for the thing!) evanishes, and irregularity of government, or defective historical con tinuity, or faintness of doctrinal definition, deprives a society professing to be an integer in the sum of Christendom of all claim to the title, a church. We understand that the Yarra is a river, and all agree that noon is daytime; but who shall‘say where a broad river passes into sea, or fix the instant when day darkens into nightfall ? If the horrible corruption of the mediaeval Homan Church did not extinguish her claim to the designa tion (and our article admits it), do their very different defects bar that of, say, the Dutch or the Scandinavian? I, for one, should shrink from deciding that issue; and so did the Lambeth Conference of ISSS. After such frank avowals, I am less likely to be ‘ misinterpreted when I say that no feature of religious life here seems to be more deplorable, and almost fatally dis astrous than our denominational disintegra tlC> rerhaps nowhere in the world is the organisation of Christendom so diverse! with Canon Gore, I hold that the essential unity of Christ’s Church is nowise destroyed by this. A family is one, though its members be sundered by oceans, or kept apart by feud there is something that unites them still, however faintly it is displayed; they are one by unity of descent—of blood —of life. And the Church of Christ on earth is one, inade quately as she expresses that oneness in out ward fellowship and the bond of peace. Her unity does not consist in that out ward fellowship and bond of peace, momen tously important as they are. What, then, holds her together? !1 We, being many, are one body in Christ.” “ We were all made to drink into one spirit.” That is true of the whole church, both in heaven and earth. Gloriously she manifests it in Heaven— miserably she fails to manifest it on earth as she was meant to do and bound to do 1 Yet the Church is one in spite of her divisions, as she has always been holy in spite of her frequent toleration of sin, and Catholic in spite of her slothful failure to cover heathen dom with tbeGospel. “No one can be sur prised that a church which has so often looked so utterly unholy should also have grown to look so disunited.” But the one life-blood pulses yet through the maimed and mutilated body—the one sap still courses through the straggling and bedraggled vine. “ The church utterly holy, utterly Catholic, utterly one, is the vision of Heaven, and only the hope of earth." But while we still believe in the oneness (as we believe in the intrinsic Holiness and Catholicity) of the church on earth, her failure to manifest that oneness externally mars frightfully her witness for her Master. Her possession of it is the ground on which S. Paul perpetually-urges on her the duty of its outward realisation—while our One Lord, in some of the most solemn passages in all His teachings, points to this as the sin qua non of her success. Surely it was His special aim, His passionate desire ! “ Other sheep I have, . . . them I must bring. ... and they shall become one flock!” (His “sheep” already, they yet needed “rounding up” and massing into His “ flock.”) “ I pray that they may be one—. . . that they all may be one, that the world may believe— , . , that they may be perfected into one, that the world may know, that thou hast sent me 1” But the president’s address may not pass into a second Congress sermon—l turn to facts. Recall the spectacle Australian Christianity actually offers in onr dioceses. Division between Christians—for the most part based on no possitive necessity—has untwisted. the mighty ropa that should be drawing this great people Christward into a row of slender, separate strands, each too weak for the strain put on it. There is no rancour between denominations here—thank God for that; but there is an unseemly “ racing,” a wasteful duplication, in place of combination, of means and energy—a rivalry that calls lower motive into play, and attenuates all that reverence which would make men give far more heed to her proclamations, if only her forces marched together, serried, massive, and compact, to the overthrow of the common Enemy! How docs the Church of the Most High present itself in hundreds of bush towns, centring in one handsome school for teaching only the secularities—one dignified court house for trying evil doers ? In the form of a handful of scattered, paltry, often hideous worship sheds—monuments of our partisanship and opinionativenes3 in religion—their congre gations vying with each other, not so much (to all appearance) in honoring God and saving souls as in carrying out devices and “entertainments” for the enlistment of patronage and the recruiting of a starveling may nofc dwell 011 these pai ? full ‘l familiar things, but how could any review of the church’s condition omit notice of them. Is there a reflecting member of our church present who doubts that, while the remedy proposed by Papal Imperialism is absolutely C for ever impossible for free-sonled Britons, Federation in some form (what form, it seems impossible at present even to outline) is where relief is likely ultimately to be found t And there are far-seeing men of God who feel some confidence—as many of us feel some hope, and all of us much desire—that God’s Providence may destine our own ancestral, Scripture-honoring and truly Catholic communion, to be the nucleus of future ecclesiastical crystallisation, at least for the Anglo-Saxon race. If God laid it on His people’s hearts to pray for this, the seemingly insuperable diflicultie3 in the way would soon, perhaps suddenly, vanish into air! Particularly. But now, our own ohurch in these coin nieß what ia Its condition ? What say the observation and practical experience of three and twenty years? _ - OSScial statistics register her as far the most numeious of the Christian bodies and growing in her proportion to-lhe population. Probab'y on the whole her adherents have he largest share of Australian material wealth though this may be disputed, and could hardly be proved. To drop comparisons it is far more important that she is indisputably alive and awake. I can soarcaly credit my own memory when I recall the scandals, the scornful apathy, the strife, the slovenly sur roundings of worship, the miserable irrever enee in demeanor towards sacred things on every hand, that amaz'd and almost drove me home again when I came to my diocese io 1575- Glory be to God, upon the whole, all through the land our ohurch seems on the upward grade. Take only an instancs or two in illustration. I doubt if a single harvest thanksgiving was celebrated in W.et Victoria in the Church of England of tho.e days Where do parishioners now neglect to praise God together for autumn mercies ? As for missions to the heathen, in whioh interest happily seems deepening among us daily, few parishes knew anything about them, and fewer did anything whatever in support of them; and all this under the ruls of one of the ablest and holiest bishopi- (my predecessor)—that ever took oversight of the flock of God ! It is not for me to appraise the State at that time of other bu3h sees like my own, but I remembir a distinguished Victorian churchman of wide knowledge offering me questionable comfort in the remark, “ You would find things worse in most other Australian dioceses;” and I can not say that such observation as I had opportunity for disproved his view. I doubt whether “ Advance Australia ” has been obeyed during the last quarter of a century in any department more indubitably than in her Church of England life. What P r gress in Queensland, in Riverina, in Grafton aud Armidale, in West Australia ! Our church system, gsuerally spsaking, is by this time admirable. The stubborn church mischiefs of the old country—the sale of patronage —the impracticable cum brousnees of church discipline—the absence of really representative legislation and gn vernment —the constitutional powerlessnese of the laity—the preposterous multitude of do-nothing country charges, matohing her preposterous inadequacy of the pastorate io squalid quarters of crowded towns —we have parted from all that, and do very well with out it. Our church synods are model* to civil assemblies for businesslike industry and animated moderation in debate. Scandals in our church are now, not quite, of course, but almost, unknown. I will not harass yon with fignreß, as to numbers of clergy, and new cathedrals, churohes, schools and parsonages built. I am not making a synodal report. Broady, I make bold co say that for intelligence, integrity, breadth of view, support of oharities, respect for authority and order, patriotic, pnbiic spirit, and pnrifying influence on a neighborhood, the Church of England community stands, to aay the very least, Becond to no section of citizma in the body social. Are we united, as a church ? Or ia ths white ant of party and spirit eating into hollowness the outward solidity of our church fellowship ? Well, we speak as we fiud. High and Low aod Broad Church controversy has been far and away the least of all the mul titudinous difficulties I myself have en countered in my three and twenty years. We listen in this dincese, at any rate, to the oabled hubbub of Ritualistic strife in Eng land much as the placid surface of Lake Ootario listens to the distant drumming of Niagara F ills. Then what would yon have ? someone ia asking. 0, more—much more. Gan yon forgive it, if I record without disguise come of my impressions of the seamy side of the Church of Eug’and ia Australia? God preserve us in such esti mates from censorionsness on the one hand, but also from mealy-mouthedness on the other! Our people in general openly and habitu ally and aelf-complacently violate one ex press command of Christ. Our proportion of communicants ti membership is less than a tenth. That is, from being a rule (as with the early Christians), obedience iu this matter has passed among onrselves into a rare exception. Shall I praise you io this, laity—especially laymen—of our church ? Make the most liberal allowance you dare in seeking to explain the fact, a stubborn residuum of. abstention from communion remains, as a tell-tale indication how small is the nucleus in our church, after all, of men who are laying themselves out, humbly but boldly, for a decided—for a holy—life ! Yet what is a Christian worth, as such, who is not? “ The external worship of God in His church," writes Archbishop Laud, “ is the great witness to the world th ► ■tends right in His service T U , r heatt ■way, or bring it into contemn/ 8 , ,hi * light is left to shine before mans'"!* lll4 one important view of Dublin " \\. lhs ti« if it be answered to the 1* Bhl Pi »nd world may see yonr good work./"'?’ ~ ‘T yonr Father, the rejoinder is* th/ v g works for God will be found w *> G K h J 00D A Ba ,r 0 Mton *shment at Z*" S ■bashed and self-satisfied wav in ln nowadays, men will combine an a “ r ich > their staunch membership of the nt 1 °, n of England with an avowal of habituaiVh/ of from her worship. 8 a " B ence- Lest Ibe misunderstood to hn tll „n .. a personal plaint, let me say that T I'" 8 learned that a bishop with nn doduu/-.' 6 at all will yetaftertwenty-thL/a/'f visitation, seldom if ever have ‘ complain of insufficient congregating f°- meet him on his rounds. Judeinn i, M 0 experience, however, he will be sT/t heart as he compares the numbers „f .Ju sex at confirmations; and still sorer £ hears the clergyman’s account ,f hi t ignorarce, in quondam State scholars whom he has been preparing, of the very rni u moots of Christian knowledge i n ‘“."I tudes of cases, the ohildren of Church il* England parents get no religion, traij at home; in very few cases indeed do foev "t any drilling m ohurchmanship and its J cip.es! Think if the . Cafech s^tg Roman child, proof against other and do/ teaching through the early generation within him of a conscience as strong , E ,: nlt all non-Papalism as against theft or murder» Is there no middls path between these two’ .opposite methods of dealing with , h ° y.ung? In recording my next impreßihn I shall be suspected of ingratitnde- thongh Qait . undeservedly. Some of the larger V, made for the maintenance and extension of the church in our dioceies have been mis uificen'; multitudes of the smaller oontribn tions to it are the fruit of noble self-denial on the part of church people of small means, and no diocese, I expect, has more reason to recognise both classes of support with heartiest thankfulness than mine, And yet I shall carry with me all who' know when I expreßß the opinion that the great maes of our membership have no notion how giving for their .religion ought to be done"' There are not a few church f v dk who, in view of their wealth, should give gold at every church offertory, but only do so at ths Hospital collection; while the proportion of our congregations whose “ability" in giving is (presumably) duly represented by the same amount—namely, the silvet minimum of our coinage—is large to absurdity. “ Shn hath done what she oould,” was the Unerring One’s verdict on a woman’s gift poured oa flia held long ago. "He hath done the least he could "might b that on many a man’s gift laid at bit f-et today. But then the former was tbs offering of love. Do our people generally rsAlly'love the 'cause and Church of Christ? o- do our scant measures ol self-taxation in aid of them mean that love has grown cold, or never yet grown warm ? It giveß me the heartache to note how the drift of our parish economics eeems to be towards devices which shall eliminate the trouble of giving altogether, and provide some more enticing equivalent for contribc tion than the senae of duty fulfilled and good ends accomplished. Two most vital iotereste in our church suffer chiefly from our mesa standard of giving, the training and the supply of olergy. I must speak out. Too often oar ministers are Boaudaiouely under-paid, and It were sheer unreason to expect that id efficient clergy can be secured—or, at toy rate, retained at their best—on the no wortby and, even at that, precarious Stipend as a rule available; while the pro vision of college opportunities and intellec tual and theological equipment for p eked men by means of exhibitions and sobolar ships is an obj -ct for which money placid at the dieposal of the ohurch might be mote remuneratively spent than on any other; yet, in my own diocese, in three and twenty years, appeal after appeal has only elicited the founding of one theologioal scholarship. Have other dioceßes similar to mine been more h’ghly favored? It eeems hard,in deed, to make onr laymeD realise the gravity of this issue ! , , Our subscription lists for church BOCietWi missions, snperannnation fund*, and kindred departments of distinctly churoh wow 1 consider, as a rule, altogether inad*qo»ta and nnworthy cf the sc«le, the prestige, tw advantages, and the responsibilities ef J ir chnroh in Australia; and if charged, speaking, with saying an ungraciooi « “ disoomfortable ” thing, I can only •P o .®* gise in the time- honored terms—‘‘l it is troe, and I am sorry for it.” . I said onr church system was somiri • and it is; but it is nowise perfect. 1“ 10 things it still seems somewhat hideboo and inelastic. What thinker will doub a systematic transplantation of our p* priests would be better both for trees orchard? I think it a price that may be too dear to p»y for the advantage able from the multiplication of m° ce!S ' . it practically narrows the area forex of cures—for transferring round me js rquare holeß, and square men fromro i' the places which God meant for favor large sees, and Buffragan or c l, (|) . bishops. My heart bleeds for . ( ministers left to lose heart »n \- after lustrum in the Ba ,j - perhaps remote and trying -for . room to find them rejuvenating while nothing is more imperative .j ( |. discovery of some plan —-howeve precedent—for the shifting t 0 s® ff bol* 1 ! - or even into retirement, of a pa* „)c = been found—or has become mop v suited to the post assigned him. .diP !i '- •’ For years I have pleaded lor tion to our needs—the emendat i richment—of onr neb’e Book 0 ; Prayer, and some relief of its S TANARUS" Ante of un-formity -are eurely “ n ot men for act* of uni ® jdß ° f The religious life of the clo-e of „ h o e„tury craves something the n ' ne j P t r^er to'encaße it, in the way of (inpler ® j s i on —however excellent, so logical P than me t the case of the f V* „Vh or the seventeenth. The youth s tf"fibs. needs “ letting ouV t0 o Bßy !olt i° t is he passes into manhood. Hap ,bs e9S I’ o thinE has occurred in thiß conneo- P i, f' , ° T t difioterment at .he Lambeth tioB ; of the “ Jui Liturgicum of the Sf v wal a stroke of genius. The re tool will need wise handling; but, “S W'.Ss.il wil ! ™!“ rhortv and against lioenße,. m the f f i b >« worship; and I rejoice to hope that C J° rC rk of the P conferenoe in this detail may th “valuable, in a different way. as its achievement —I mean the ° ?Hiihment of a central consultative body, 'filing counsel; for our whole com mon, as a nucleus for its working uo.ty. R.fore passing to my short last section, I tr add one conviction experience h s Zed into my soul, and it is this-Under .it church amendment depends mainly onr laity. Levi was but one-twelfth of r“® |. the olergy are but a segment of the i ßt cb. F-r good or evil, sh* is, iu the long what her lay members make her. “Like pe°pl e > l«» “ Wha* did this people unto thee ?” cried Moses to Aaron when he had. gone astray; and all .torch reform has originated with the lay neople The church is God’s—and theirs, jha e’acred ministry, though ordained of Him are their representatives, their agents -their organ. The essential priesthood of the laity—their direct responsibility for the condition of the church at any given moment -is not realised as it should be. In our church jo this country the laity have a magnificent Wtuoity. It rests with them, under God what she shall become. But her wall sill never be built up with the untempered mortar of lax and apathetic lay churohman ibip, that largely stands aside and leaves the clergy to do the work while it looks on, ufrom outside, and criticises and condemns. For our church’s shortcomings we are all to blame; as an official censor of the fanits of clergy. I deliberately think they are leae (o,on the whole, than the laymen. Her hope is, first in God, and then in the de velopment of a generation of loyal, decided, vorihipph'g, communicant, gecerous, and Kthusiaetic laity. Australian Society. The people of these colonies are one of the itrongeet, most courageous, capable, nimble minded, progressive, and interesting races the world has ever seen. Occupying a splen did land, with radiant climate, exhanstless teionrcee, and almost infinite possibilities, lo soon as they are welded into one by Fede 'ation, a glorious future ought to lie before he Australian people. But flatter my fellow colonists iB what I lever did, or will; and I think ihe relation if the church to Australian society must tend connected in the first instance with melioration of terrible evils that are in diting it, before she oan join with much eirt in eulogieß of the Australia of the resent, or confident prognostications of lory aod greatness for the Australia of the stare. After more incessant moving about over tlf of thiß colony than any other Victorian, robibly, has accomplished, I find it im onible to feel any sort of satisfaction with I moral and religious state; and I know of I reason for aupposing it inferior iu these ipeoti to onr other oolonies. The criminal •tiitioi of Australia yield little confidence lit crime ib substantially diminishing; white lereii good reason for believing that the nount of undetected and unpunished of- Dcea against the law is very large. It is ml to plumß ourselves on the rare public hibiiioo of disorder, drunkenness, and se-io onr thoroughfares, as compared with oie of older laodß. Warrantable, to tome tent, so far as outward seeming goes, I it the boast is delusive. Below the sar is, Australian town life is stained deep lh intemperance, profanity, and Inst; even terrible to record among onr llflten, Is our bush life purer ? I wish joutd think bo ! I oan only speak from my p observation and enquiry, bot I |vel much in the country, and with no fens bias or party axe to grind, I have Iyeara been eliciting information on such Ittera, not from clergy on’y, but from pownere, judges, magistrates, constables, |torß, teachers, farmers, miners, pea* I_ The testimony gathered, on the i ia very far from favorable. Of course, ire many excellent people in the bush; eftia incessant, unchastity very lightly J t of, even suioide becoming not un -30. our industrial phenomena hopefnl ? neaß, banished from theological con •y, flivore all the pnblic relations be employers and employed. Ia Austra ommercial life pure ? I have never citizen who had not a complaint to of having been plundered or viotimiaed 9 business transaction; and the rela >f 11 boom ” time in Victoria quite for t holding up our handß id righteous ition at Hooley intrigues and scandals glaud. Our administration of justice tted to be unimpeachable, but the tone bar in oourt is often utterly ttobe to say the least; while onr divorce & nd their reports are a pestilent evil. n goage held in some of our Legislative Jers ia not seldom degrading to Parlia ry institutions, Particnlarly ia one 1“ l °o often by resort, even on the * public men of reputation, to that ist, but basest, of all forma of c'*ptrap J banal jocularity over Scripture 18 .Baore( :l ideas. Iu our press the »t ability 0 f the literary work at the md of the leading journals we cor appreciate and admire; bnt the conn eea in some places is contemptible, if He—little but a blackmail levied on resident's by incompetent adventurers; while the flippant, cynical tone of a great deal of our journalism tends to drag down wards the level of public thought and feel ing, and to present human life ever on its mean and ridiculous aide. Of'course, I, not this Congress, am responsible for such state ments; yet is there anyone in this Congress prepared to traverse them? Meanwhile, “ blowing" we still have with us; we are avid of complimentation; im . patient of censorship. It wcu'd be absurd to stigmatise sport as evil in itself, but among ourselves it seems too often indulged as an absorbing passion, not resorted to ia reasonable moderation as a recreative pastime; while the gambling spirit which commonly saturates it ib eating like a oaDcer into the character of our people. Our mirth is too little distinguishable from frivolity, our amusements drift -stubbornly towards folly. Alas ! What seriousness we hive iB larg-ly monopolised in the racing for gain and position, and provision for this life, to the disregard of—often coupled with pro fessed disbelief in—the immortality that is beyond. I shall be told-that I querulously ignore all the learning, the science, the art that fl >urish in the midst of us, and the philanthropy whose splendid monuments adorn our oities. I do not, for a moment; the relation of the church towards these is admiring sympathy, while charity admittedly draws its chief support from religious motive; but is Aus tralian culture, as yet, prednmin<ntly Christian ? I fear not! And what has Aus tralia for the most pirt done with religion— the only valid basis of morals and safe gaide of human conduct—in connection with popu lar educition ? Now, if there be any other agenay that exists for effectually antidoting such evils as I have reluctantly been enumerating, except the Church of God, I should be glad to b> furnished with its name and address ! That the Christian Church is the one hope of the world iB no crszi of Ecclesiastic’, it ia the verdict of all history, and the will of Heaven. Christian Australians, a superb opp.or tuoity—an awful responsibility—are ourß in regard to the true well-being of our country; and we are not one tenth part awake to the call of the one, alive to the urgency of the other. What We Wa>*t. This very day last year a tremendous cyclone burst on the north of this diocese. Ic flung down every ill-built structure ia its path; it whirled away every flimsy, unstable object in road, field, or garden. Meanwhile in ihe south gigantic fires, kindled, it is thought, by some lightning flish, raged through miles and miles of bush, till the whole landscape reeked like a colossal fur oac 3 . It was disaster, but not all disaster ! Sturdier, enmelier than before, the townships in the whirlwind’s traok have risen again, while “ the things that could not be shaken" have remained; the new and sound have replaced the old and decayed that had vanished away. So with the lands swept by the conflagration. The cleared jungle smiles to day with harvest; the ashes of useless growths enrich the soil they poisoned or oumbered with their luxnriance. I sometimes think Australia, in her moral and religious life, needs the renovating cyclone aud the purging fires. At any rate, in what guise soever He may come we need, we long for; we plead for the heavenly wind, the holy fire, the renewing, quickening and transforming spirit of our God. The Portuguese called Australia La Tierra del Espiritu Santo—“ The Land of the Holy Ghost." 0, that it might deserve tbe- august title ! No human finger will avail to cast out the devils that vex our land; not legis lation, nor federation, nor social reorganisa tion will cure oar moral and spiritual mis chiefs ! Brothers, is there any hope ? Yea ! Bat we must have the Holy Spirit at work amongst us! What is Hie whereabouts ? Christ’s Churoh on earth ] He oame from Heaven long ago to make her hie dwelling place; I never heard that He has gone back egain I Bat prayer and obedience are essential conditions of Hie activity in the ohurcb, and we come bo short in both ! Thou who at Pentecost didst fallj Do Thou our sins consume ! Come, Wind of God, for Thee we call— Spirit of Burning, come I Tbe Esb. How patiently you have listened ! For give an ageing man his loquacity ! He will hardly be likely to weary you again. I have not been optimist in my utter ances. The clouds that gather round the setting sun Da take a sober coloring from the eye That hath kept watch o’er man’s mortality. Nearly a quarter of a oentury here—the longest (and saddest) section, the substanoe of my life, have brought me disappoint ment of most of the ardeht expeotations I brooght with me in tbe sanguine, early summer of my days;—impatient of the alow sailing ship that bore one in those times to Australia ! _ , , , . Bat do not suspect that I doubt for one instant the powers and the promise of that Divine institution to whose service I have given the one life that alone one bae to give. A thousand times, no ! I don t believe in much that I trusted once; but I.do_believe in God 1 I do believe in Jbbus Christ, His only Son, our Lord ! I do believe in the Holy Ghost! and I do believe in the Holy Catholic Church ! ... .. . And because I do, I rejoice to see this Congress gathered-in the presence of God, in the name of Christ, in the power of the Spirit, in the interests of the purity and progress of the church. And I feel certain we shall not meet without the b easing of the Holy Trinity on our meeting, if only we are willing and waiting to be blessed . And so, in all fatherly goodwill and brotherly gratitude for yoor response to our invitation, I commend ynu to yonr delibera tions, and declare duly opened this fourth Australian Church C mgreßs, in Ballarat as sembled. 