THE SERMON. GOD'S THRESHING - SLEDGE. By the Re?. ALEX. MARSHALL, D.D., of Scots CWircli, Melbourne. <fWe glory in tribulations also."-Romans v.. 3. Without recounlmg the various Bteps by which S. Payl reaches his conclusion, £ would simply remind you that by a sound argument, based both on logic and ex perience, the apostle at this point in his epistle to the Roman Christians declares that the fulness of inward peace and the joy of an unquenchable hope are the por tion of those who attain a state of justness or rightness in God's sight, not by formal endeavours to fulfil the Divine law of jus tice and righteousness, but by faith-by an inner spiritual appreciation and appropria tion of the righteousness and clemency of God as displayed in Jesus Christ. Those ?who are thus made just or right in their relation to God (not, at first, in outward fact, but in an inner feeling or sympathy which inevitably grows into an outward fact, as the hidden seed grows into the visible fruit) are, in virtue of their new and true relation to the Divine life and law which underlies all things, immediately set, as it were, in a new and true relation to their whole environment. What before were as good things to be desired by them are noW seen to'be evil things which they must shun; and -what before were troubles and losses become now a gain to be sought for, and a good to be gloried in. Those who were once at enmity with God and filled with the unrest and the guilty fears of sin "being now justified by faith, have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ . . . and rejoice in hope of the glory of God , . . and not only so, but they gloiy in tribulations also." The word of peace which God speaks to the be liever's soul, if it does not quell the winds and quieten the waves, which aforetime were felt to be driving him on to the rocks of an evil destiny, so suit his changed course that they drive him out to the free open sea, and speed his way to the wished for haven. The joyful light of gladsome hope which faith kindles in the Ciiristian's heart, if it disptls not the dark clouds of sorrow and affliction from the horizon of his earthly life, illumines them with its golden brilliancy that they but reflect and herald to the waiting soul the brightening beauty of the heavenly dawn. The tribula tions which to the man who in his spiritual being is out of- Christ (out of harntqnv with the Divine purpose and the Di vine lira) are -so many stumbling blocks in his search, alter the world's pleasures anf joys, become] to that-same reconciled to Qodj by faith so many fii^gping-stones by which' he rises upward,to vie! celestial realisation of his best hopes and desires.. So in this grand comprehensive Christian "philosophy of life the ancient mystery of pain and Borrow fitwis its .best solution, for we see how those ills which men naturally shrink from as the dread angels of judgment and punishment are^tfaiisiormed into Divine messengers sent to accomplish that wise and gracious purpose whereby God plans His people's gooa. Thus faith-justifying faith grasping with unrelaxing hold the thought of God as perfect righteousness-entering into spiritual sympathy with His righteous ness-nay, - ""t-iiig the believer in his deepest.nature a.partaker of His righteous ness, through the. righteou3ness revealed in Christ,-gazing, with far-seeing eye along thfe vista of the gloom and storm that may have gathered around, anticipates with calm peace and steadfast hope, the glory of the future; yea, rejoices even in those afflic tions and tribulations, which are to it as the prophecies of a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. What runs in the poet's mind, as a * ilrcatn," when he says: " Behold, we know not anything, I can but trust tliat good shall fall At Uat-tar off-at last, to all, And every Winter change to spring-" that, or most of it, to the clearer vision of Apostolic faith, is a near and splendid reality. "Being justified by faith, we have peace with1 God, and we rejoice in hope of the glory of God, and not only so, but wc glory in tribulations also." Of course it would be a mistake to sup pose. that the Christian is expected to glory in tribulations themselves and for their own sake. That is a mistake against which good people need to be warned, for it is a mis take into which many good people have fallen. Hie truth is, as a moment's thought suggests, it is not in the tribulations them selves that the Apostle teaches us to glory, but in the beneficial results which flow from them. If we glory in tribulations, we are to glory in them merely as the means by which a high and desirable object has been attained, purely there can never be any thing meritorious or desirable in seeking out tribulations--in going out of one's way to court suffering-as for their own sake. And yet tills ffity iertsor which I now indicate has t&ken; deep Jt»ot in the -Christian church. People, especially in * the early centuries, were fooan Courting persecution and need less martyrdom, as if they were the short cut to jdory. ^Men have secluded themselves frt>m God'# appointed discipline in the worid, have- subjected themselves to need less- harmful-privations and artificial af flictions, hfcvie deliberately invented and adopted new methods of self-torture, as if 10 the very Endurance of pain (the mere physical experience, barren of spiritual re sults) they would "win for themselves a brighter diadem of splendid merit. Nay, we may tries dear evidence of the pre valence of the same crude error in cer tain types of .character and teaching m re ligious circles, not unknown even m the church to-day. A heavy moroseness of dis position, ever, turning a sour and frowning look on - the lightsomeness and joy of social life, untinctured though^these be by ?evil; a stern &nd; indiBcrkninating denunciation of harmless < amusements and recreations; a puritanical complacency in a Jong face and a sombre jgirbr-theBe are all bred of the same fanatical extreme that mistakes sorrowand ^tribulation for a meritorious end, inBtes&d; of being what, in Gods.nana, they truly aift nothing more than the means < to ati tenaTbeyfijad ana above themselves. And what is that better end accom plished by tribulation as a divinely ap pointed means* _ # The veiy word tribulation suggests an ob viouci aturtre*.' Inanclent tunes a studded under 'Wis out on- the . threabing-Soor in order to Jepamte the grain from the iteairiBa chaff. Taw threshin*-aledge ires called by the Romans « "triuulum," and from that worn tribulnm-a threshing-machine-the word and the idea of tribulation have been de rived. Tribulation, therefore, really meana to be put under Grod'a threshing-sledge, to have our characters subjected to the dis cipline of hard and trying experiences that the pure grain of a strong, tried man hood may. be separated from the straw and the chaff of childish frivolity and unstable lightness. TThis purifying influence of tribulation upon character is a moral truiBm which was not reserved for Christianity to discover. A good man fighting against misfortunes was regarded even By paganB as "a spectacle worthy of the gods. Perhaps the nearest approach' to a Messianic prophecy outside tne Old Testament (though I suspect it was intended to depict the impossible rather than to anticipate the coming ideal) is con tained in the remarkable words of Plato, who, centuries before Christ's time, as serted that if ever the perfect man should appear, he would be scourged, tortured, and nailed to the post. \Vliat Plato, of course, meant Was simply this, that moral perfec tion was only to be attained through an ex treme experience of tribulation and suffer ing. From our own observation we may easily verify the truth that affliction and mis fortune tend to purify and perfect character. You know that those who. have never come under the sobering discipline of sorrow; those who have done nothing but dance and sing along the sunny-side of life's thorough fare, without a care, without a toil, without an ache, w..iiout a neart-pang; those who sip from day to day life's sweets and joys from a cup with no bitter dregs; you know that such are the merest butterflies of hu manity, flituig hither and thither, from flower to flower of fashion and pleasure and gaiety, but in themselves ever worthless, weak, frivolous, vain, characterless, what are they, I ask yon, beside the strong man schooled to self-reliance, purpose, principle, courageous strength amid tue sorrows and cares and sufferings and tribulations of real life? Compare two suc-h beings, and you see at once how much a man's character may gain in strength, in endurance, in pure manliness, by being put under the thresh ing-sledge of a divine discipline. But here it may be said, surely this moral result can be obtained apart from Christi anity. A man, it mar be affirmed, does not necessarily need to become a Christian,_ or even to know anything about the Christian philosophy of life, to have his character so beautified, strengthened, and _ purified by trouble. What then, you ask, is the special function of Christianity in thia respect';1 Where is the special necessity for_Christian faith in this discipline of tribulation? I think the answer to that question is furnished by St. Paul when lie points to the specific results (or rather, chain of results), which tribulation produces in the Christian s character. "We glory in tribulations also, knowing that tribulation worketh patience, and patience experience, or probation, and experience, hope; and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us." The process which sums up these results, as you may observe, starts from hope (that rejoicing in hone of the glory of God which clones in tribula tion also), and leads back, as in a golden circle, to hope again-to hope enlarged, certified and stablished in the sure fact of God's Jove shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us. Here we see that in the Christian economv, and under the influence of Chris tian faith, it is not merely character that is produced and purified under the discipline of tribulation, but it is a1* definite and specific type of character. As distinguished by certain broad lines froin anything^ that heathenism ever produced, it is a Christian character-a character modelled after the image of Jesus Christ. The very first link in the chain of resultB is peculiarly Chris tian. "Tribulation," we are told, "worketh ; patience"-that is, a believing, steadfast spirit of endurance-such a spirit as we can only expect to find where, wheu the thresh ' ing-sledge of tribulation passes over a human soul, there abides faith in God as the infinitely and eternally righteous One, and where there is such a rejoicing in the hope of His glory that tribulations seem no other than angels ministering to His people s good. Destroy that spirit-the initial spirit of the justified Christian life and jou destroy the very possibility of developing through tribulation the meek, constant, waiting patience that leads into the certify ing test and proof of experience, which in turn reacts upon the hope from which j patience sprang, strengthening and enlarg-, ing it with clearer and broader views of, the mighty love of God, which is 6hed abroad in" our hearts. , ' I sav that without Christian faith and hope "to begin with-to set agoing this mighty force of action and reaction, which, rules in the spiritual as well as in the j natural world-without Christian faith and I hope to begin with, the development of j character in that direction under the d'.s-. eipline of tribulation would be an impossi bility Without these potent influences, j biaswng and determining the direction 1 w hich spiritual development would talse, we should find that tribulation acting upon a sceptical, self-centred, atheistic mind would simply produce steely hardness or stoical indifference, or the stern strength of .des-1 pair, but, for certain, it would fcever tjto-1 duce the meek, trustful, patient spirit that \ can bide God's time, and humbly learn 1 God's lesson, and unhesitatangly put tiod s righteousness to the proof of experience, and thus reap from the cares and sorrows and tears of a long spiritual seed-time the rich harvest of the larger hope, whose fruits are garnered in the safe store-houBe of God's love. This Christian faith alone can do under the discipline of the threshing sledge; and, therefore, "we glory in tribula tions also, knowing that trihulation worketh patience, and patience experience, and ex perience hope, and hope maketh .not ashamed, bccause the love of God >b Bhed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us." I daresay there are but few here to-day who have not been some time or other under God's threshing-sledge-sickness, losses, be reavements, humblings, afflictions of diverse kinds. Believe that no such messenger of God , walks through life "'with "aiialesB feet"-be lieve that God is at the helm of the universe,1 and that He iis full of gtface, and truth, and righteousness-cleave to Him "with the pure, holy, trustful, filial sympathies which Christ exemplified-look forward fear lessly to the glory of the consummation to which He iB leading His people "at last far off," and 60 believing and M expecting you will face the tribulations that come to yon from His hand&ithe; discipline of your spiritual character *!- perfecting your patience, your £xperifet>oe, "yo«r hope as a christian) «nd?J^hijai^HMirjwhole beiug in* 