I THE FIRST NOTE OF MY SONG. A SERMON BY LATE REV G M SPURGEON, At the Metropolitan Tabernacle, Newington I Who forgivothalltliino iniquities -Psalm dil 3 "I believe in the forgiveness of sin " is one of the most blessed sentences of the Creed Dear friends, we do most joyfully believe in it, and, what is more, we enjoy the truth personally as a matter of fact in our own case. May we feel the joy of it at this good hour 0, Holy Spirit, near witness with the water and the blood In speaking of pardon, I remark, first, that it is a primary blessing. Observe, it is put first in the catalogue given by the Psalmist It is not written, " Who healeth all thy diseases, who forgives all thine iniquities. " No, but the | list commoncfB thus Who forgiveth all thine iniquities " forgiveness leads the van, and stands in the forefront of the host of mercies A man lives while his sin is unforgiven he sat-, he drinks, he sleeps, he wakes, and talks about enjoying life, but none of those things are received by him as gifts from God. If he thinks upon God at all, the Divine name is a terror to him he does not eat his broad as though it were given by a Fathers band, nor does he put on his garments as though he wore cloth d by Divine love That continue so while he abides under Divine anger The pardoned sinner is barely able to see God as his Benefactor as his Finbar he knows him not God does bestow mercies upon unburdened men and women, but they cannot receive them as such until first of all they come to know that their transgression is forgiven. And well may the Lord place this money first, because when it comes in ensures all the nu. The forgiveness of sin is the day dawn which is always followed by the clearer light. God doth not pardon us and then leave us to pour h of our spiritual diseases ; but When once He grants a plenary absolution, then His Stunt exercises His healing art, and rose ora us from the leprosy of am When the Lord forgives all our iniquities, it is not long before we perceive that our life is redeemed from destruction [crowned with loving kindness, and satisfied with good things to the renewal of its youth Brethren, let us seek this forgive ness of sin as a primary blessing if we have not yet obtained it. If the Holy Spirit puts it first let us seek it first So wise O you who feel your guilt, and do not go about first of all to make a reformation in yourselves, and then to come to God for mercy, but come home to him, and then soon after other things When you come to him, do not ask him first to heal your soul's disease, but first to forgive your iniquities Follow God's order, and you cannot go amiss Through Jesus Christ a free pardon is proclaimed pardon for ama of deepest dye, pardon bought and sealed with His atoning blood Como an 1 receive it just as you are Do not wait till first you under stand all mysteries, but got your sins for given Do not get labour to attain a perfect life-get your sins forgiven Do not first make a profession, and join a church, and put on outward religion anear Get your sins forgiven. There David's psalm begins, and there yours must begin also-" Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name , who forgiveth all thine iniquities ' Forgiveness is a present blessing This is very apparent in the text, which is in the present tense "Who forgiven all thine iniquities" Not, ' Who will, perhaps for give you on your deathbed," not Who did forgive you years ago and now condemns you, ' but " Who forgives' -is now for giving, daily, hourly, momentarily-is continually forgiving your iniquity I want to bring this fact of a present blessing before your minds briefly but very clearly This privilege the believer has actually obtained-all his own are forgiven at this moment of time Blessed be the name of the Lord, we are even now washed from sin We shall grow in grace, but we shall never be more completely pardoned than when we lost behoved , we shall one day stand before the glorious presence of God in His own sacred courts, and see the Well beloved and wear His likeness, but we shall not even then be more perfectly forgiven than we are at this present moment his distresses our spirit, the cooiciousnoasof it often makes us weep in secret, an 1 yet none of it is imputed to us, every grain of it is as far removed from us as the east is from the west Rejoice, believer, that the Spirit boars this witness- ' God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you " As many as have looked toUrist upon the cross are now justified by filth, and have peace with God they are at this moment cleansed from all sin through the application of the blood of Christ According to the text this present mercy is perpetually bestowed-He still for giveth our iniquity , Uluru is perpetually in At this very mi ment I may be mourning my Bin, but God is forgotten it If, indoon, you are a believer in Jesus Christ, the Lord is at all times forgiving you , as constant as your sin so constant is His forgiveness Never fall into the notion of some that the one forgiveness which we received at the first has rendered it unnecessary for us to seek new forgiveness, and unnecessary for us to offer now confession It is not so The Lord is always forgiving, and it is for us still to be seeking that blessing Though art a frail, foolish, unstable selUih, wayward thing, but He forgives thee I Whatever thy faults, He is forgiving thee now Even whilst thou art lamenting they many transgressions, he is casting them behind His back and hurling them into the depths of the sea while I speak to you with my voice my own heart is singing inwardly, " Bless the Lord O my soul, who forgiven all thine iniquities ' Beloved brethren, this mercy of pardon is Knowingly received We know that we are forgiven "Presumption, Carthona Simple truth, say I Do you think David would say, " Bless the Lord, U my soul who may or may not have forgiven me 'Ah no he speaks of favours which he had consciously received Nobody ever sings over an uncertain oat don a doubt as to our forgiveness is fatal to all joy, for it lots in the dread fear of Divine wrath Absolute certainty must be realised ere a heart can make a sonnet concerning the forgiveness nt ",n OTI an by faith we grant the, land of sin. When by faith we accept the Lord Jesus to be our all in all we are as clear about God's having forgiven us our sins as we are about our having committed it. Keating in Christ, and trusting alone in Him, you and I may have a present conscious sense of pardon ; we may know our forgiveness, and be beyond doubt concerning it. God bring us to that happy condition, the practical point, is this if this forgiveness of sin be a present blessing, seek it for to-day ; seek it at once. Do not be satisfied unless you are forgiven now; do not be satisfied unless you are forgiven every day ; do not put off your head with a bare hope, but labour for certainty ; Do not foolishly postpone it in the mere chance that at the last pinch, when you come to die, you may be forgiven, but cry far it now. Why, man alive, if I knew I could gain pardon when I came to die, I should not like to spend the interval without it. It is such a privilege to be forgiven what I want it at once, and cannot endure delay. Oh, the sense of pardoned sin ! What sweetness What great I I know its rapture in my own heart ; it is my support and my delight, making my heart to be all music and dancing. We at this present hour joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have received the atonement. I charge you. do not postpone this matter : why should you find toff a joy ? U repenting sinner, the love that you can have forgiveness through Christ Jesus, and you shall have it. Going to God through Jesus Christ with a humble confession of your sin, you shall to-day enjoy the Father's kiss of reconcilia- tion, and your conscience shall be thoroughly purged from the least taint of sin. May the Holy Ghost work this present sense of forgiveness in you all. It is a personal blessing: I cannot resist the tendency in reading to lay the stress upon the word thine." " Who forgiveth all thine iniquities Our Lord is a blessed God to forgive anybody, but that he should forgive is the greatest feat of His mercy. A good brother wrote me the other day, " Mercy had reached its zenith when it saved my " He thought so of himself, and we may each one think the same of his own case You can all rest ricochet God forgives iniquity, but you rejoicing will never reach so high as when you know, that he forgives all your iniquity. Honey is not sweet except t.) him that tastes it. " But may we know this personally ?" saith one. I answer " Yes." Some of us know that God has forgiven us, because we have the character which He described as being forgiven. He forgives those who confess their sin : " If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sin, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness." We have made confession before His face, and we believe His word, and are therefore sure that He has cleansed us. He has promised mercy to those who forsake their sins. Having forsaken our sins, we look to be forgiven for Christ's sake. Forgiveness is also freely promised to those who look to Jesus for it. We are looking to Him, and we are forgiven. . Are you not believers ? then there is no hope for you ; but if you are trusting alone in Jesus Christ your iniquity is blotted out, "He that believeth is justified from all things from which he could not be justified by the law of Moses." In repentance in confession of sin, in forsaking sin, and in faith in our Lord Jesus, we have the marks of pardoned sinners, and these marks are apparent in our souls. Moreover, brethren, if you have any doubt about whether the Lord forgives you now, it will he well for you to make sure that you accept His way of salvation. It is by faith in His dear son. Do you want any other way? He forgives because Jesus stood in the sinner's place, and He puts the sinner into Christ's place. Are you satisfied with that great plan of salvation by substitution, by atonement, by sacrifice ? Oh, I hear you say, " Satisfied with it I I am delighted with it it is all my salvation and all my desire." Then, if you have accepted what God sets before you, it is not possible he should refuse you the blessing' which He has promised. What saith the Scripture? "Through His name whosoever believeth in Him shall receive remission of his." 