The Old, --j«l Htwry. Eucnox after election Ihe disciples of CobJen somehow contrive to ?? draw % herring across tbe trail; ' but for tbo ceneiul election, now cJofra apon os tUe t«tute Premier ha* in renJi oe-« »uch a cleverly -4e«ig-wi fait, tacii a reall; powerful bid, lor the Protectionist voU thitt the otual herring hu developed into a bug* wb-t1e. Inmikinif hia ana^nJmsritt to tho D-aft C-mutoi)«r«4J(h B.li tb? anJ front of thtf O -vem-Deot manife«to (Mr. EeiJ) cloads di«tracti atten tion from the a-n4 of omissioa and coui iniMion of bis Cabinet, and givet hira»-If a fresh cry, a new eng. *nd a pet grievance to afr. It is, therefore, earnestly to b-* d-*sired that local Pioteetionistu will have t-x) much discriniinalioQ and good sense to fall into the 44 chameleon ' Premiere . cuooingly devised trap. He is a remarkably wide* wake politician. th®re can b- oa two opinions about that; but. all the Rime, he U onl? Ih* h»A-l of thc Gnvrrnment of New Sjuth Waifs, and not of all the Australian L^gifc htures. and «it! only get U at for hii» paina when attempting, 41 ou his own, ' to lay down the law for the other Sutes, and to unset the conclusion* arrived at by the Federal Convention. Manr Protection iitR. doublitss, approve of Mr. Raid's amending schema; but what earthly good can it eff«ci when there is not a ghost of a ehance of it proving «cc«ptable to the four Sutes con cerned? — a tratb which no one knows better than tQe Premier himself. These amend ments are Kttnplj put forward to prev»6t the regponfiibility of delaying Federation from resting on Mr. field's shoulders, to gull and bamboozle the electors, to be a stumbling block in the road of a fair and square contest teWeen Protection and Freetrade,. and thus prove a passport to the triumphant return of tbe Premier and bi* majority to 'place, power, and pelf.' This most undeiirable contingency will entail another dreary three years of Free-trade stagnation, d^titution. and non-progression ; but I live in hopes that tbe elector* of Mudgee and Bylstone will, on polling day. eater an emphatic protest against ' taking any M more of tbe Free-trade advantages which are imaginary s,nd not real, and of promised good times which aj£- I always coming, but mevcji come. — ' Candour' I in tbe Wcstxrn Post. 