''.EE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR, COLONEL OODT? SEAROH. \-------- - A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. Autor of "Te Mysterious Man in Blue." Etc. CHAPTER XLIV.-THE CAPTIVES. It was a strange moment to Cody to feel that he had surrendered to red skin. In all of his strange, eventful life, in which truth and reality had been far stranger than fiction, where romance and stern facts had been woven most strongly together, Cody had never suf fered as he did at the moment when he uttered the words, in resplonse to the re negade chief: "Under the circumstances we cant do nothlsg; else." He was the foe of the redskins be cause duty made him so. He fought the Indians because the latter fought the whites, but he held in his heart a warm place for poor Lo. There was compassion for him, and a regret that the Indian would not accept the stern alternative that civilisation must rule, but fought foot by foot for the hunting grounds of his people, the land that held the bones of his fore fathers, defying the adtance of the Star of Empire. only to die before the rifles of the soldiers. Because duty called, then. Cody was the enemy of the Indians, and in battle their most terrible foe, though when the hatchet was buried he was their friend. Now the famous Pa-e-has-ka was com pelled to surrender to the enemy, who he knew would be only too glad to put him to death by torture. He had the pledge of the white chief that his life would be spared. But he took no account of such a promise from such a source. He only looked at It that to continue the struggle then would be the sure death of Lieutenant Sea ford, his other three scouts, and him self. The lieutenant himself had been twice slightly wounded. But the chief of scouts; though disregarding the white renegade's pledge, felt that while there was life there was hope; so he whispered to Lieutenant Seaford, who replied : "Yes, Cody, there is no telling. 7We may find means of escape." So the renegade stepped forward and took the rifles, revolvers, and knives of his five prisoners. He eyed Cody curi ously as he did so, then glared at the officer, and last at the three scouts. "You made a desperate fight, Cody. I do not wonder that you have won a big name when you can fight like that, and Bhave men stand by your side arid do the same." "You have won, renegade - we.have lost; and that is all there is to it," said the scout. "Yes, we have won - captured five men, killed three others. as a halm for! a most overwhelming defeat. Fortu nately, my hand of heroes has done this. or I might not be very popular among my red brothers. As it is, I have done wonders, for I have captured Colonel Cody. Then. Itoo, I have killed three of his men, and also hold ai~prisoners an army officer and three scouts.!' "Oh, stop talking. and go on with your work." 9 "What Work?" "Why, robbing, of course ; for you have not robbed us at, and _L have a* ,watch and chain, a. ring, and some money." "Ah, I was overlooking that duty." sneered the renegade, while Lieutenant Seaford looked at the scout with.,sur prise to feel that lhe had suggested that they should be robbed. But Cody whispered.' "It is better for him-to getall than the red skins, as we shall know where to find them if opportunity offer." The lieutenant upon this promptly handed over his watch and chain, gold sleeve-buttons, and what money he had with him, the three scouts doing likewise Just as he did so back down the canyon was heard the loud notes of a bugle sounding a charge. The effect was startling, for the rene gade quickly ordered ponies to Ibe brought, and the prisoners were told to mount them, while, as the bugle sounded again, and nearer, the warriors sprang upon their horses and a rapid retreat was begun. "The cavalry have come on, after all," said Lieutenant Seaford. "Had Ul ey been half an hour sooner we would not now be captives." "But this. storm will prevent their pushing much further; so we are de stined to see the Indian village," re turned the chief of scouts. After going half a mile, surrounded by warriors, the prisoners were halted, and they, were hound securely to the ponies upon which they had been mounted. "Now I think we are safe, for your ca valry will not dare venture far" in the face of this storm," said the renegade chief. And as all were suffering with cold, he ordered his braves to push on at a gallop so that a camp could be made to warm them. CHAPTER XLV. -TIIE WEIRD BUGLER. Back on his trail through the fatal canyon where Cody and-his party had been captured came a horseman, slowly following in the track left by the rene gade and his band. Both horse and rider are worthy of description, for it was an odd pair to see ipon a trail-just such as the supersti tious man would be looking for at mid night and in the vicinity of a grave yard. But this appeared to be a ghost visible by daylight-a phantom horse and rider without moonlight effects. The horse appeared to be snow-white, and might have been; but a closer look revealed that his head was completely enveloped in a white indiarubber cowl, his neck also. Then his body was covered with a robe of the same description, falling as far as to his knees and over his haunches, completely enveloping him, and shedding the snow as it fell. This covering fitted over the saddle, and through holes upon either side of it appeared white reins. The rider was enveloped from head to foot in the same waterproof kind of robe, and it looked as though he was well wrapped up beneath to protect him from the cold. At any rate, from the white toque on his head to his boots, he was enveloped in a waterproof covering. His face was shielded by a white mask, painted to resemble a skeleton face, the eyes glaring brightly out .through the sockets, while the hands were protected by gauntlet gloves, painted to resemble skeleton fingers. Behind the saddle of the weird rider Was a large roll of blankets, also en veloped in white waterproof, while bags of the same description, with food for man and horse, hung upon either side. A rifle painted white was slung to the saddle-horn, and revolvers were hidden in holsters, and thus sheltered. Altoge ther the horse and rider presented an ap pearance that. was weird and startling even by the light of day, and would have been strangely so by night. 571 The horse was a large one, and moved along as though in no way fatigued. Suddenly the horseman paused. He had heard cries ahead. They were the wild war-cries of white men. Then, mingled with them, were heard the Indian war- cries. The phantom-like horseman listened attentively. His horse pricked his ears forward and seemed a trifle nervous. Nearer grew the sounds, but the horse man kept his position. He looked like one to scare rather than to be seared. H- sat there for some time, neither horse nor rider seeming to feel the bitter cold wind that was driving through the can you, or to care for the falling, blinding snow. Nearer and nearer grew the sounds. They were evidently coming back down the canyon. Then came a lull, then a rifle volley, and following was a wild chorus of war-cries. They came, too, from the lips of pale-faces. Next was heard the cracking of revol vers, and these rattled- ripidly and fiercely for a while. Theni these ceased their deadly rattle, and again were heard the defiant cries from pale-face lips, fol lowed by exultant shouts from many warriors. CHAPTER XLVI.-IN THE INDIAN VILLAGE. A silence followed, and after a few moments the strangehorseman passed on. He rode up the canyon in exactly the direction to meet the Indians. Half a mile lie went, and then paused,' for voices sounded ahead of him. Then .his gloved hands were raised to his lips and loud, clear, and ringing there broke forth a bugle- call. It was an exact Imitation of a bugler sounding the charge, and piercing above the storm, echoing from the cliffs of the canyon, it fell upon the ears of the red skins. Too.well they knew what a bugle call meant. It threatened them with danger-told them, as they believed, that cavalry were. on their trail-and the result the reader has already seen. After a moment's halt the horseman rode on again, and once more the wild notes echoed among the cliffs in exact imitation of a bugle, and the sound sent the red-skins and their prisoners hasten ing on. And slowly on their trail, defying cold and storm,followed the weird bugler that had stampeded the renegade chief's war rior band. The Indians were certainly alarmed at .hearing the bugle notes in their rear. They knew that the horses of the troop ers were comparatively fresh, that they must have food in plenty, and if they overtook them that another battle must be fought, and they were in no condition to fight. So they pushed rapidly on, and the pri soners were hastened to the front of the column. i'hen the Indians came up with the main force, that had taken the other trail, they felt relieved, and their comrades envied them the capture of Cody and those with him. Messengers had been sent to the vil lage, as soon as defeat stared them in the face. to bring them fresh ponies and provisions; for many of the braves were riding "double," and "all their horses were about used up,' getting. no grass, as they had, on account of the storms. The whole force pushed on until they reached a secure camping-place for the night. It was a shelter from the cold in part, and a good place to defend should they be attacked. And there they passed the wretched hours of the stormy night, cold, with little to cat, and in despair. At dawn they pushed on once more, their ponies almost worthless. But at noon they were met by half a hundred warriors from their village, lriving a herd of fresh ponies, and with food in plenty. , They had a great feast of it, giving the prisoners the first bite to eat since they had left the fort. A rest of a couple of hours, a big din ner, and, "warmed by the fires, the In dian army resumed its retreat once more, the fresh ponies being brought into use and the worn out animals turned loose. But that night they rode into their stronghold, not as victors, but sullen and cast down. There were wild wails of sorrow in the village when all knew of the great loss of braves, and that the red army of the great Indian chief had been so sorely dealt with by the very men whom they had expected to wipe out. "If we are not murdered this night in their frenzy we will be all right," said Cody to Lieutenant ýeaford. who respon ded: "They have gone mad, it seems, the whole tribe. But is not this village a thorough stronghold, Cody?" "It is indeed. I noticed the approach as we cane alon up Jhat rugged ridge trail. and saw that ofd Red Lightning had chosen well." "Yes, his village is situated in a shel tered valley in a mountain top, and if the other approaches are like the one by which we came, it would take ten thou sand men to carry the place. But there does not seem to have been so much snow here as below." "Not near so heavy a fall. But here cones our renegade captor, and that is old Red Lightning with him." The renegade chief now came to where the five prisoners were being guarded by a dozen young braves, and with him was a tall and majestic chief, the head ruler of the tribe, who had led the at tack upon the fort and settlements, and when repulsed had returned at once to his village to prepare his people for their great disappointment. He came up to the prisoners and looked them over with greater interest than it is customary for an Indian to show. Evidently he had heard the story of one who had been captured.and of the desperate fight the prisoners had madein tihe canyon. Looking Cody squarely in the face, he said, in very fair English: "Know Pa-e-has-ka well. He brave man, heap brave. Have killed heap many my young braves. Pa-e-has-ka have to die, too, few days. My people love to see him die, and white captain, too. All die in few days, so my people's heart be glad again-full of sorrow now." "Have not the pale-faces hearts to feel sorrow, too, and do not the women and children of my people feel grief when you have come to kill and burn? It is all right, Red Lightning, so kill us if you will, but you will not find us show fear; and, more, many a red-skin brave will go uinder to pay for our lives." The scout spoke impressively, and Red Lightning seemed to feel his ivords; for he said in his own tongue to the rene gade, and which Cody understood: "The pale-faces will hunt my people down like wolves when Pa-e-has-ka is dead, but he must die." "The Red Lightning had spoken, but the White Eagle has words for his ears, not now. I wanted the Red Lightning to look upon my captives, and now they shall be taken to my tepee, for my red brothers are thirsty for their blood. But it must not be now; my red brothers must wait." "Yes, my people must wait," re sponded Red Lightning; and tile rene gade chief, White Eagle, led the pri soners to his own tepee, which, however, was a large'log cabin in one end of the Indian village. CHAPTER XLVII.-A RENEGADE'S MERCY. "I believe Ithat man Intends to be friend us." so said Colonel Cody to Lieutenant Seaford and others, when the renegade chief had left them,* bouund .hand and foot. in his cabin and disappeared. But the scout heard him tell two young braves to stand guard over his cabin while he was away. "Do you think a man who is a rene gade to his own race can do a good act, C1dy?" asked Lieutenant Scaford. "'I lihav known such men to be strange contradictlons ,and somehow I feel that White Eagle ,as he is called, Intends to serve us in some way. If not, he would have turned us over to-night for the red is;ine to have satisfied their revenge up on." "He seems to hold a great deal of in fluence in the village." "Yes, sir, I should say next to Red Lightning, the head chief. But here comes some one." The heavy door swung open and the renegade entered, accompanied by seve ral young men carrying wood. A. fire was at once started in the large chimney of the cabin, and then going to the other end of the room, the renegade returned with a number of iron manacles. These, one by one, -where clasped upon the ankles and wrists of the prisoners, Cody remarking: "I see that you have all the luxuries, chief?" "Yes. I captured them in an army waggon once. At any rate, they will not cramp you like being bound with raw- I hide does; and I will free the arms of one of your men, Cody, while he cooks supper for you allfor I do not Intend to either starve or freeze you." Colonel Cody glanceed at Lieutenant Seaford, who muttered: "Mercy in a tiger." The renegade then threw a large roll of blankets down in one corner near the fire, remarking that they were for the prisoners to sleep on. He then again left the cabin, returning shortly with the same Indian youths, bearing with them fresh deer meat. I?e then released the hands of the scouts and said: "You will find meal in that bag, anid there is salt and water, and here is coffee; for, as your chief says, I have all the luxuries here. Remember, all, that any attempt to escape will cause you to lose your lives, for you shall at once be turned over to the Indians to be tortured to death. Escape from here is utterly Impossible, so do not entertain it. I have Indian guards outside the cabin, and I shall sleep here and keep an.eye upon you." The man again left the cabin, and the scout who had had his hands freed of the irons at once began to make corn cakes and boll venison steaks, also making a large pot of coffee. "This is a picnic," was Cody's com ment, as he found a number of tin cups on a shelf and passed them round. ~lhat,sugar! And,as I live,here are some solid silver spoons-a wedding present to him, doubtless. Yes, and here is a side of bacon and biscuits. Why, that rene gade is an epicure, a high liver, and we can't complain." Lieutenant Seaford and the others laughed at Cody searching about to see what he could discover, and he kept it up until the scout cook announced sup per. It was no mean meal-of coffee, corn-* biFrnl. .peekmle's, voanirl nfnd bsen i-and the five prisoners ate with a relish that a long fast had given them. Soon after the meal was over they unrolled the blankets and spread them down before the fire, just as the rene gade chief entered. "That is right; make yourselves com fortable, for it will be a cold bed that you will soon sleep in," he said. "All right, chief; but don't send us to bed with a nightmare, for we have en joyed a very hearty supper, thanks to you," said Cody. The renegade made no reply, but re clasped the irons upon the wrists of the scout who had acted as cook, and the party at once turned in. The renegade threw more wood upon the fire, lighted his pipe and sat down for a smoke. At last the pipe went out, the renegade having gone to sleep. Sud denly he uttered a wild cry of fright, and shouted: "No, no. I did not kill her. She--" He was awake now, but trembling in every limb; while Cody said in his dry Way: "Had a bad dream, old man. Guess your conscience troubles you." The renegade uttered a savage oath, and went to the other end of the cabin and also turned in for the night. CHAPTER XLVIII.-DRAWING LOTS. For some time the captives had been In the Indian village, and each day but served to convince them that the feeling against them was becoming more and more bitter. The' Indians--warriors, squaws, and children- would hang about the cabin of the renegade chief, yelling at them, and trying to heap indignities upon them, but yet not daring to break through a certain restraint the presence of their pale-face leader demanded. Some power he held over the Indians it was certain that alone saved the pri soners from being torn to pieces by the maddened red-skins. Now and then some squaw,bolder than the others, would hurl a stone into the cabin, or dash by the guards and strike one of the prisoners before she could be driven off. "This is getting interesting, lieuten ant, and we must not be surprised if the influence of the renegade is unable to pritect us much longer," said Cody one day, when the feeling shown was more bitter than usual. "The renegade seems to hold some sec ret power over th.em, and I only hope that it will continue to serve us," the officer remarked. "I tell you, pards, nothin' will save us," said Scout Cole, sadly. "The weather is ag'in a relief party comin' up here, and if Colonel Ferris had a couple of thou sand men he could do nothing. I tell you friends, I have just prepared myself to die, and it's no use kickin' ag'in it, no use hoping, for we is just as good as dead." "Don't get blue, Cole; for I believe we will yet escape them," the chief of scouts said; while Lieutenant Seaford responded: "Yes; I won't give up hope till my last breath." But Scout Cole felt blue, and could not shake it off, though he said: "Well, I believe we has got to go; but I hain't cryin', for I'll take what comes as a man should. You won't see me play the baby act, pards, no matter what they do to us." Each day the Indians became more and more determined to vent their fury .upon their prisoners, and matters were becoming most serious Ihdeed. The rene gade chief had said that he was keep ing the prisoners until they captured more whites, and then they would have a gala death-scene. But one day he came back to his cabin with near the whole village at his heels, and Red Lightning was with him, too. "Pards, I've done my best to keep you from those red devils, but if I struggled longer I would lose my hold upon them, for even the head chief demands a sac rifice. I, therefore, have considered three of Mou must suffer, and which three depends upon chance; for you are to draw death lot." Not one of the prisoners winced at ?'-"?/r,, --,x,,::---:?' ?,--?. ? the words of the renegade chief, and Cody calmly remarked: "We accept whatever comes, chlef; for a man'has to die but once." "Oh. I know you are brave, everyone of you; and I'll confess to you I had a game of my own to play with you. and that is why I have kept you. It was not from mercy, but because I wanted to gain a point for myself, and was going to play you against the game. But these red devils won't have it, and if I did not yield they'd get very ugly towards me, and I cannot afford to lose my pull on them. So I have got a box of dice here, and you are to throw for your lives. The red-skins are natural gamblers, and the game will please them. I shall put five dice in the box. Each of you are to have a throw, and the three lowest throws doom the men to death. What do you say?" "It matters not what we say. Three oi' us are tried and sentenced 'before hand; so start your little game, chief," retorted Cody, with a coolness of man ner that evidently won the admiration of the renegade, and set a brave example to his comrades. CHAPTER XLIX.-THE FATAL GAIME OF CHANCE. "Three of us are doomed to die, that Is certain; but you and your red-skins, renegade, will see no flinching from death in those who are the unfortun ates." It was Lieutenant Seaford who spoke, and then.he turned to Cody and grasped his hand, doing the same with the other three scouts, while Cole remarked, with a smile: "I'll be one of the doomed three, sir. I knew it was coming." The prisoners were then formed in a lineand marched out of the cabin, while a wild shout went up from the large crowd of Indians in patient waiting for their revenge to come. As Colonel Cody stepped out, a young buck gave him a severe blow with a stick, at which the Indians howled with delight, and a squaw reached forward'to pull his long hair. But she stopped short as the renegade chief gave the young brave a blow that felled him to the earth, and then seizing her nearly shook her teeth out. "These are my prisoners, and I will protect them. That young man is but a coward squaw to strike a bound priso ner." The words of the renegade chief rang out in the Indian tongue,and others who had intended indignities shranl" back, while the staff of the head chief Red Lightning was raised, and he cried : "Let my people not be fools. They must wait." The crowd of red-skins followed the head chief, the renegade, and the pri soner in the slow march to the scene where the fatal game of chance was to be played. It was in an open area In the centre of the village, and about the little hill the whole force assembled. (To be continued.) 