^VyHOSQ RflDETH A WIFEj* 3PUBLISHED RY SPF.CIAL ARRANGEMBNT. - / 1 Sensational glory *f gy UJilleam &e; Queux Anther of' The Great War in England in 1897,' 'Zoraida,' 'Stolea Sbul»,' 'Guilty Bands,' «' A Secret Service,' &o.;, &o.; OOPTBI&HT.; CHAPTER XXII.— (Conti7iwd.) I I\V7.S silent. The reason llenouf slould descend to steal cheques vas inexpliciible. One thin». lowever, appeared 81 ear — namely, ;hat he had taken an unusual in terest in the nature of Mrs. Laing's correspondence. To me it was a matter for ougi-dtulatioH that as he had been detected by his mistress and discharged he could not cast upon me the blame for his oetrayal. ' What did rou do after lunch ?' I at last inquired, returning to my charge. ' I went shopping,' she replied, smiling ' With whom ?' 'Alone.' 'Were you alone the whole time?' I inquired, regarding her intently. Her lips quivered slightly and her glance wavered. ' Yes,' she answered, 'I did not meet anyone I knew.' ' That is a lie, Ella !' I cried. ' It is not,' she stammered, pale and agitated. ' I have told you the truth.' 'To prevaricate is utterly useless,' I said angrily. ' i followed you through Kensington Gardens, where you were ?walking with your lover. I ? ' ' My lover !' she cried, hoarsely, in dismay. ' He — he is not my lover. 1 had never seen him before !' I Then by your own admission you have abandoned all respect for me and yourself. You are addicted to strolling alone with any idiot who flatters you.' 'I swear I do not,' she retorted. ' You misjudge me entirely.' And she placed her trembling hand upon my arm. But I shook it off wrathfully, saying : 1 1 have discovered the truth, alas ! too late. While making pretence to love me you prefer the society of other men. I was a blind fool or I should have dis covered the fact, plain to everybody else, that Ogle was your lover, and that you mourned for him wheu he met the fate he so justly deserved.' ' He never uttered one word of love to me, Geoffrey,' she protested. ' How can you make such horrible charges against me when I love you so dearly,' she oried, bursting into a torrent of tears. 'Because!' I said with emphasis, 'because I have myself followed you this evening. Surely Kensington Gar dens is not the spot where a wife should take recreation, unless clandes tinely, as you have done ! No, this is .not the first occasion you have lied to me, Ella ; but it shall be the last.' ' The last !' she gasped, glancing up at me. ' What do you mean ?' ' I mean that I can have no further confidence in you, and that we arc better apart.' ' You don't intend to leave nle. Surely you would never be so cruel, Geoffrey. It would kill me.' ' I have loved you, Ella,' I said hoarsely, after a pause brief and full of suspense. ' No man could have loved a woman with a passion more tender than I have done, but now that I have discovei-ed how basely I have been deceived, my affection has turned to hatred.' ' You hate me !' she -wailed. ' Ah, no, you cannot — you shall not,' she cried as, rushing towards me, she threw both arms around my neck, and not withstanding my efforts to avert her, pressed her tear-stained face to mine. Roughly I unclasped her arms and cast her from me, saying — I 1 have resolved. Nothing will cause me to reconsider my decision. We must part.' ' It is not like you, Geoffrey, to be cruel to a woman,' she said reproach fully, standing before me. ' I admit I have acted foolishly, but that man you *reaw was not my lover. I care for no one except your own dear self.' 'Terms of endearment are unneces sary,' I answered impatiently, turning from her. ' Such expressions from one ?who has so grossly deceived me are absolutely nauseating. I have striven for your social advancement and ' have loved you dearly, hut from this moment you are my wife only in name.' She buried her face in her hands,( and ?was seized by 3, fit of hysterical sobbing. All her self-control had vanished at the instant she realised thaT' I knew the truth, and she now stood before me bent and penitent. 'Forgive me,' she whispered earnestly. ?Forgive me, Geoffrey.' 'No,' I answered with firmness. 'I cannot trust you.' ' Overlook this incident, and I will never again give you cause for jealousy,' she exclaimed. 'I will do anything you ask, only have patience with me.' 'I hare already had patience,' I answered. ' Yet, deceived as I am daily, we can. live together no longer.' * But I love you,' she declared with fierce earnestness, fixing her fathomless eyes upon me. * If I lose you I shall kill myself.' ' It is your own fault entirely,' I said. * You have chosen to act in this manner, and whatever are the consequences they are of your ? own seeking. I suppose you will tell me next that this man who was with you compelled you to meet him.' 'That is the absolute truth,' she faltered. - 'Ah, always the same lame tale,' I observed in disgust. ' I have not for gotten that night at the Nook when I watched you walking with Beck. No, Ella. There is some strange mystery about it all that I don't like. You pre tend to love me, but you have some ulterior motive.' . ' There is a mystery, it is true,' she admitted, her eyes dimmed with tears, i 'A mystery so strange and -startling that when you know the truth you will stfin.l aghast and dumbfounded. But with its elucidation you will have know ledge of hoyfl hare suffered and striven for your sake ; therefore F 'can only pray that the revelation* .that must accrue may lie hastened, For, Mlthou^li to-day you. ivj-urd me as base and de ceitful, you will then learn how much one woman has endured and sacriticeil because she lovwl you ' ' Then we must part until this mystery is cleared up,' I said, calmly, my heart, full of grief. ' You refuse to take me. your husband, into your confidence, therefore i can place no further reliance in your word.' 'Think,' she cried, clutching my arms convulsi%'ely. ' Why should the happi ness of both .of us be wrecked by a. mere misunderstanding ?' ' A misunderstanding ! ' 1 echoed ' It is assuredly more than that.' ' No,' she answered, endeavouring to stifle her sobs. ' You misunderstand me, believing me false to you, whereas I am acting solely in our mutual interests.'. ' To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your husband's interests,' 1 observed, bitterly. ' Ah, you are mistaken,' she said, quickly. ' Wheu all is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening.' ! Have I, then, no cause to object to your acquaintance with this man ? ' I iuquired, looking sharply at her. ' None whatever. He is neither iny lover nor my friend.' ' What is his name ?' ? I do not know. He did not tell me,' she replied. ' Was this the only occasion you had met?' ' It was.' ; He spoke to you casually in the street, C suppose ?' ' No, we met by appointment at Vic toria station,' she answered %quite frankly. ' By appointment ! Then you know him?' ' No, our uieetiug was arranged by a third person. It was by no means of an- amatory character, I assure you.' ' What was its object r' 1 asked. Slowly she shook her head. ' I can not Jell you without relating to you facts that I dare npt yet divulge.' ' Ah ! as I thought,' I cried in auger. 1 You refuse always to explain. As each week passes the myst'jry surrounding; you increases.' ' Unfortunately I cannot prevent it,' she answered in a low earnest tone. ' Before we married I told you plainly that I intended to seek the truth of the conspiracy against Dudley's life, :m-l you did not object.' ' Why not leave that wretched affair to the police and secure our own happiness ?' I urged. ' Because the police are powerless. They can have no clue.' ' Is it then absolutely ?necessary ''that you should attain this end?' I inquired dubiously. ' Are you ready to sacrifice your own home and husband in order to ascertain the truth regarding a crime ?' ' Yes, it is absolutely imperative,' she replied ernpbatiealh'. ' Before perfect happiness can be ours we must both be aware of the causes which led to Dud ley's sudden death. Towards that end Karri striving, and knowing what I do, I am regardless of your suspicions and your cruel words. If we part — well, it. will be you who one day will be filled with bitter regret; and as for me, I shall not pause in my merciless quest.' ? Often she had told me that to ascer tain the true cause of Dudley's death was, next to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and these words, uttered with an earnestness that was genuine, bore out her most frequent declarations. Glancing at the facts as a whole it was not surprising that I should have suspected Dudley of having been her lover whose death she intended to avenge. In silence and hesitation I paced the room that she had furnished with such exquisite taste. A dozen times she asked forgiveness, but no word passed my lips. She stood motionless, her head bent in submission, her hands clasped before her, awaiting my decision. 'X Her pale tear-stained face betrayed' signs of a terrible breathless suspense, she fearing that I intended to. east her off, while I could not bring myself to any firm belief that her declarations of affection were genuine. Between us there yawned a gulf of darkness and mystery which hourly grew wider and more impassable. . ' Tell me that you'll still be patient and wait,' she implored at last. ' Surely you can see how intensely I love you and how utterly aimless will be my life if we part.' 'This mystery is, I confess, Ella, driving me to distraction,' I said,' halt- ing at last before her. 'iCantiot you confide in me? I will preserve silence, I promise.' 'No, no,' she gasped in fear. fI'— I dare not.' Her attitude was one of deep ,de jection, yet I could not fail to notice, even at this moment of her abject despair, how beautiful she was. But a look of unutterable terror was in her deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, she were haunted by some terrible ghost of the past. ' You told me this once before,' I said gravely, ' and I trusted ypu. To day, I have discovered my confidence ill-placed.' 1 Trust me once again,' she - cned hoarsely. ' O»ly once, and I will show you ere long that your suspicions are utterly without foundation.' I took another turn up and down the drawing-room, my hands clasped behind my back, ujy gaze fixed upon the carpet. I was still undecided, With a sudden impulse she rushed forward, and flinging her arms about my neck kissed me, next second bursting into teais and burying her face upon my shoulder^ ; . SMyj: jiand; Aincbnseiriiisi y : stroked her iiairjaud, bending, I pressed my -lips' ?.'upon her soft cheek. : Then she knew that I: had forgiven, and.holding back her sobs with cWflVtilty. raised her face, and kissing me ; pas sionately, thanked me in a low broken voice, assuring me that I should never regret the step I had taken. : ?; ' During half an hour we remained';' ogether, she full of love and confidence. I admiring and hopef u[. I vras giaa i had not acted rashly nor left her as I had intended, and as: we' went.iii r0; dinner arm in arm we laughed, together, joyous in each others love. After we bad eaten, I smoked a cigarette and . -lingered as long us possible, happy with my well-beloved, then kissing her fondly I was compelled to take a hansom to Berkeley square, promising her to return at thu earliest possible moment, and expressing confi dence that, our love would last always. The ear], grumbling at my tardy arrival, was busy in his library with a number of important despatches relating to our affairs in the East. When ' he had expressed displeasure that I '.had', not been waiting to receive him he added: — . V : ^ ' But there, I suppose now you' are married, Deedes, your wife is exacting —they always are. She likes you to dine with her, eh?'. **'* .' Yes, 'I admitted, smiling. ' I did, dine at home.' ? ' Ah, I thought so,' snapped the shrewd old Minister. ' A good dinner and your wife's smiles were, oil more, consequence to you than -England's prestige with the Sultan, eh ?' . I made no answer to this sarcasm, but began busying myself with the corre spondence, packing it away in the despatch-bag and* sealiug it for delivery to Hammerton, the messenger, who was waiting in an adjoining' room ready to take it to Constantinople. Not until eleven o'clock was I able to get away from Berkeley square, and leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from Her Majesty's representatives at the various courts of Europe, I drove back to Phillimore Gardens. On arrival home my first question of Juckes was whether Ella was in the draw,ing-room. ' No, sir. Madame is out, sin' 'Out! When did she go out?' ' About an hour after you had left, sir,' replied the man. 'She has gone into the country, I believe.' ..-; ' Into the country? What makes you think so ?' '''.,.-''?'. ' Because she put on her travelling dress and took two trunks with her,' he answered. ' Roberts, her maid, says sho packed the boxes herself three days ago.' ' Did she say where she was going '?' I inquired breathlessly. '?No, sir. She left no message with anyone.' ?' . Entering the drawing-room with- my overcoat still on I noticed, lying upon her little rosewood escritoire, 'a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it 'up, tore it oper and read its contents. There were on I v a few hurriedly scrawled words — a brief and formal farewell. . 'You cannot trust me,' she wrote, ' therefore wo are best apart. Do not attempt to follow me, for you csiuuot find me. Do not. think ill of me, for even if 1 have wronged ami deceived you, -I have nevertheless been your friend.' * It commenced formally, -without any I'lideuriiig- term, and concluded abruptly with the two words, ' Your wife.' For a few moments 1 stood- with it in. my hand, staring at it in blank amaze ment. * Then it, occurred tome that in. that very escritoire she kept all, her correspondence, and it was more than probable that. I might leant tin.', truth from some of the letters therein con tained. ? I endeavouredjto open it, but it was, . as usual, locked. She had fnkuii the key. In my sudden cxciti-iiii- nt I called to Juckes , to bring a hammer, and with a few sharp blows' broke.' open the sloping leather-covered ' top, finding - a number of letters ' addressed in un familiar handwriting. One. larger than the rest, crumpled, dirty, and worn, as if it had reposed in someone's pocket for a; long period, I took out and eagerly opened beneath the soft-shaded lamp. '. ? - ' My God !' I cried aloud, scarcely ; able to believe my own eyes, when next instant I realised the terrible truth. : My God !' I had never suspected this ! Ella's cold, formal adieu stunned me. I stood open-mouthed, petrified. Wo had parted- on the best of terms, she kissed me affectionately, and with wifely solicitude bidding me hasten back ; yet . in my absence she had departed, j evidently carrying out some pre-arranged j plan. Her maid, Roberts, had noticed i her packing hdr trunks: three days be fore ; therefore, it was certain that she 'meant to desert me as goon as oppor tunity offered. . -,..-?? ' Unaccountable and astonishing as was her sudden flight, the discovery I had made among the -'papers in her escritoire was even more amazing. It held me ' stupefied and aghast. [to be continued.] W — 21 