i ' mm mxt — — f THE COLONEL'S CASE. r i. t ' , The Colonel was fifty, and Be looked it. 3 A tal!, lean man, his bronzed face and \ - grey hair made him appear older than his I f veftw : but he carried himself well, as " became a soldier, and thirty years' service in , the East had told but little on his iron con- stitution. He was still in the prime of life, I yet life seemed to have but little charm for i him. His thoughtful face was rarely bright- i i ened by a smile, and his eyes, though keen, \ t v . were grave. >j ' 'E's an old man afore his time, is the 1 ; '' Colonel !' as old Qrcver, the gardener, said ; .! and he, if anybody, ought to know. For i i 1 -"Grover had worked about the place, man and I I " boy, for nearly seventy years ; he had been taken on first in old Mr. Travis's time, the ; . Colonel's grandfather ; he had been raised to i the dignity of head-gardener by the late ! master, the Colonel's uncle ; and now that ; the Colonel had inherited the old place, he i had many a tale to tell of the spirited, fair- haired child who had alw'ayB spent his holi- days at Dnrlton Hall, and bad been such a favourite with his young cousins. Frank and ! "Walter. ' Ay, they wor alius good to the I little chap, they wor ; and lively enuf 'e was in thein days,' the old man would say, addressing the younger generation, to whom the Colonel was a stranger ; 4 alius at Mr. I ... Frank's 'eels, hq wor, "specially if there wor i . - any talk of goiiT after the rats, or knockin' over a rabbit or two ; an' let Mr. Walter so much as whistle to the dogs, 'e'd be up and i off in a minit. An' to think as they're both dead, an' 'e master 'ere, an' wi' never chick ; nor child to come after 'im I Ay, ay ! I've i seen a many changes in my time, but the worst change of all, please Heaven, I'll not live to see — the day when there's none of the name left to be master in Dnrlton Hall ?' 'Oh, don't distress yourself about that, t Mr. Grover !' and the stout landlady of the ' Bine Lion' smiled encouragingly. ' The fr Colonel may marry yet.' \ "E may, ma'am ; and then again 'e may ? not. It all depends. Wi' some gentlemen j as 'ad a fine property like this 'ere' wi' sich a deal of glass, and all the modern improve- ; ments, you'd feel easy, so to speak. But in -the Colonel's case 4 Yes ?' as he pauBed, shaking his shaggy white head expressively. 'What in the . Colonel's case?' ?, 'I don't know what to say, and that's the ! . fact.' And certainly nc one else was better p qualified to give an opinion. The Colonel had left the army on succeed - i ing to his inheritance, and he had now been Eettled at home for six months or more. _ He -had been cordially received in the neigh bourhood; but though he had met all friendly advances pleasantly, he had shown ; little inclination to society. To women he i ' was chivalrously courteous, and absolutely indifferent ; he avoided them whenever he could do so without incivility, and when that was impossible, he did his duty like a man and a gentleman. What more need gallant Colonel and wealthy landed pro- \- prietor attempt? One friend, however, Colonel Travis had made since, he came home, and that was the Hector. Mr. Winton was a good old man, and yer'rs and experience had taught him both kindliness and tact. He was a lonely f man, too ; for he was childless, and his wife had long been dead. The Rectory stood hut a stone's- throw from the gates of the Hall, and the Colonel often strolled over after dinner for a smoke, or a hard-fought game of chess. One evening he was going there as usual, when a girl came quickly down the path . just as he reached the Rectory gate ; so that he paused and held it op6n for her to pass out. She was very youug — not more than fifteen or sixteen, perhaps — and as he glanced =- at her, the setting sun shone redly on her fair hair and delicate, pale features, giving them a richer warmth of colouring than Nature had ever intended them to possess. ' Thank yon,' she said shyly ; and, as she spoke, he started and looked at her more keenly. ' It is getting late. I hope you. have not far to go ?' he said. ' Only across the green, and a little way down the lane." j ' 1 think — yon are a stranger here ?' ' Yes ; we only came yesterday.' ' We ? Ton are not alone, then ?' ' I am staying with Mrs. Dangerfield. Mr! Winton is an old friend of hers. I oame here now with a note from her, but I don't think she has ever been to this place before,' the girl explained, with a wondering glance at him. ' I know I have not.' 'Of course not. I thought I could not know your face.' Well, he certainly ought to do so next time he met her ! Her look of surprise recalled him to him- ' self. 'I beg your pardon,' and he raised his hat with grave courtesy. 4 I must not detain yon ; but I thought lor a moment that per haps ' He stopped. ' Oh, it does not matter,' she said, with a qnick smile ; and while sho turned from him, and walked with swift, girlish grace across the green, he watched her with an interest which would have greatly astonished; old Grover, had he been there to see. He was not, however, and in another moment '.the Colonel roused himself, and went on to the house, where he found Mr. Winton in the library. 'I thought you'd be over to-night for your revenge,' the Rector said, as he rose to meet him. ' What a beating I gave you yesterday! Eh, Colonel? But what is the matter, mac ?' he added, in a tone of con cern. ' Are you ill ? Ton look as it you'd r seen a ghost-' ' Something of the sort !' and he sat down wearily. ' A ghost from the past, not from the graveyard. Oh, it was a chance likeness, nothing more : but it shook me a bit, and I'm afraid I forgot my manners, and questioned . the girl too closely. By the way, can you tell me anything about her ?' 'What girl are you speaking of ?' vi ' She i3 staying wiilt a friend of yours— a Mrs. Dangerfield.' ' No ; I know nothing of her. I did not even know Mrs. Dangerfield had anyone with her but servants.' ' This girl is no servant,' shottly; ' you couldn't mistake her for one. ' Very likely not, if I saw her ; hut 1 have not Eeen her to my knowledge.' ' But she brought you a note just now. She told me so.' ' She did not come in, but left it with Jane. However, 1 am going to see Mrs. Dangerfield to-morrow, and I may hear iv something of her then.' ' Well, if you should ' said the Colonel. ' But, after all, it can be nothing but an ac- %!' cidentol resemblance. There is no good in ,Sr- - thinking about it any more.' But though he said no more on the subject, his thoughts evidently wandered a good u,- deal from the game that evening ; so that-— sf:- far from his revenge — the poor Colonel was even more hopelessly beaten than on the rt-- last occasion when the Rector and he had played together. Moreover — most significant _v. sign of all to one who knew the man — he gi: scarcely even appeared to observe that he was having the worst of it. ' Boor fellow !' the Rector said to himself yg? tbat night, as he stood and looked at the p chess board after his guest had taken his departure. ' At other times he would be I?- more tban a bit shaken to play so vilely as g: that! Lost his queen just for nothing — s|>j. threw ner away, so to speak ! How queer jfep he looked when I pointed it out to him ! I p> wonder what sort of a past that ghost came g|' from, that it should npset him so ? Poor !; 1 ravin! poor fellow!' and shaking his head p,7 sadly, the old Rector lit his candle, and H went up to bed ; his innocent victory cruelly iff- marred by his conviclion that it was to some (extent — only, of course, to some extent — due to mental disturbance on his opponent's part. n. When the Rector called on Mrs. Danger- field the next morning, he found her alone. She was a kindly, pleasant Bpoken woman, with more spirit than strength ; her husband had died many years, before, leaving her amply provided for, and she had no near relatives. Mrs. Dangerfield and the Rector were old friends, and she had spent the summer months at DurltoD more that once before ; for in that quiet village the usually busy woman could be as idle as she pleased, and enjoy thorough rest from all sooial duties. For a month or two this suited her exactly, and she was loud in her praise of the charms of rural retirement ; but after that time she began to weary of it, and longed for the ex citement and bustle of life again. ' It is impossible to live at Durlton,' she frequently assured him towards the end of the third month. 4 1 exist here— a delight ful existence enough, I grant you hut that is all.' And the Rector, who had his own opinion on the subject, founded both on ob servation and personal experience, smiled indulgently, and said nothing, tor he knew the hopelessness of contradicting her. ' How good oi you to come so soon !' she said cordially, as soon as the first, greet ings were over. 4 But I knew I might count upon you. I have a favour to ask of you, Mr. Winton : I want your advice in a very delicate matter — mind, I don't ab solutely promise to act upon it, but want it all the same — and, perhaps, your help. May I have them ?' ' Of course. I am at yourservice, and will do anything I can for you with the greatest pleasure,' the Rector replied. 4 What is the difficulty ?' 4 The matter really concerns a poor friend of mine ; such a sad case ! She is a widow — a proud, reserved woman — and I guess more than I know of her troubles. But I want badly to help her, for she has been a great comfort to me. When I was so ill last year the doctor said I should have died if it had not been for Nurse Margaret.' ' And how do you propose to help her ?' ' I want her to give up nursing 'altogether — I'm sure she isn't strong enough for it — and live with me as my companion ; of course, I should make it worth her while.' 4 And you think she is adapted to such a position ?' 4 Ob, admirably ! She is a clever woman, and could adapt herself to anything.' The Rector could not help smiling at this characteristically off-hand reply. 4 But she has all sorts of queer notions, and might take it into her head to refuse. Do you see ?' » ' Yes, I see what you mean ; but I don't quite see- how I am to help yon in the matter-' 1 1 want you to tell her she mustn't do it.' 4 But how can I, with so little knowledge of the facts, presume ' ' Never mind about that now. Wait till you've heard all. You must tell her she mustn't refuse — that it is her duty to accept ny offer for her daughter sake.' . . 4 Oh, she has a daughter, then ?' 4 Yi a ; the girl is staying with me now. You'll he charmed with her. She is very Eretty and well educated, too; though how er mother has managed to do it all passes mv comprehension. It has been a hard struggle at times to find the mono y ; that much I know, for she told me so herself.' ' And what do you propose to do with the girl ?' 4 Finish her education, and give her a start in life. She is sure to want to take up some thing — they all do nowadays — and she may as well have a ohance of doing it success fully.' ' And you wish the mother to make her home with you permanently?' ' Of courae; and I shall provide for her in my will. It would not be fair to ask her to give up her profession otherwise.' 4 No, it would not,' he said slowly. 4 1 only wished to be sure you had contemplated this.' The Rector did not like to say that he thought it possible she might change her mind a few months hence ; but Mrs. Danger- field guessed the cause of his hesitation, and laughed genially. 'You need not be afraid that I shall grow tired of this arrangement,' she said. 4 1 have long wished to meet some one whom I could ask to live with me, and Nurse Margaret is just the person I want — a thorough lady, of whom I could make a friend— while May will give me quite a new interest in life. Now, don't you thiDk it's a very good idea?' 4 It seems so, certainly,' Mr. Winton ad mitted thoughtfully. 4 Is this lady— Nurse Margaret, as you call her — staying with you now?' ' No ; but I hope she'll be here in a few days, when her present patient can spare her. It won't be my fault if she ever has another. Well, will you help me ?' 4 If I can, hut I would rather have a talk with the lady before committing myself to any opinion.' ' You shall have an opportunity or doing so as soon as I can arrange it. But I ought to warn you that she is very reserved, and, of courae, all I have told you is strictly between ourselves.' 4 Oh, of course ! By the way, do you know Colonel Travis ?' ' No ; he was still in India when I was here last; But why do you ask ?' ' He met your young friend last night as he was coming to see me, and he asked me who she was.' 'You can tell him she is my adopted daughter. It is perfectly true, for as her mother is often unable to look after her, I do my best to take her place. For reasons whioh I cannot enter upon just now, I would rather you said no more. But I want you . to see the girl, and, in good time, here she comes !' The Reotor turned with a look of bene volent interest on his kindly face as May came in, carrying a glorious hunch of tea- roses and carnations. Yes, she was very pretty ; the Colonel was right. ' My dear child, where did yon get those lovely flowers ?' Mrs. Dangerfield exclaimed, before the girl could speak. ' We have nothing like them in our garden.' ' Colonel Travis gave them to me : wasn t it kind of him ?' 4 Very kind indeed ; bnt what in the world do yon know of Colonel Travis ? ' I saw him last night at the Rectory, though I didn't then know who he was; and I met him just now some way off in the fields. It was getting late, so I asked him the best way home, and he showed me a short cut through his grounds. He says 1 may come that way whenever I like. Oh, he has such a lovely place !' 'I suppose it is very pretty. But, my dear, I want to introduce you to Mr. Winton. This is the young friend of whom I have been telling yon, Mr. Winton — my adopted daughter, May.' ' So you've been making friends with the Colonel?' the Rector said, as she shook hands with him. ' He has a beautiful home, has be not ?' ' Yes,' enthusiastically ; ' pretty is much too small a word for it. But how lonely he must be in that big house, with no one bnt servants about him! It's no wonder he looks so sad !' 'Do you think he looks sad, Miss May ? Well, I believe you are right. He shuts himself up too much ; you must help me to cheer him up a bit. And now I must really be going. No, I oannot stay to lunch, thank you.' ' Then you will dine with us to-morrow ? Come, I will take no refusal !' 4 With pleasure, my dear madam ; and you must dine with me one evening — both of you— and I'll ask Travis to meet yon? Come, I will take no refusal, either ! 1 Very well ; May will be delighted, I'm sure, and so shall I. Any evening would suit ns.' 'Then I'll arrange with the Colonel to night. He generally looks in after dinner ; as Miss May says, he's a bit lonely in that big house, and seems to find the company of an old fellow like me better than none. Good-bye until to-morrow evening, then.' And the Rector left them. He had learned but little that he conld tell the Colonel. 'Her name is May, and she is Mrs. Dangerfield's adopted daughter,' that was all. It was Dot much, certainly, and he feared his friend would be disappointed at such a meagre account' ; bat it was the best he could do for him under the circumstances. Mr. Winton was inclined to think that Mrs. Dangerfield was making a wholly un necessary fuss about nothing. He knew her mysteries of old, and, truth to tell, had but a poor opinion of them. But he was noDe the less bound to respect her confidence because he more than suspected that there was but little to confide. ' Her name is May, and she is Mrs. Dangerfield's adopted daughter'; it was a terribly bald bio graphy, and the more he thought of sub mitting it to the Colonel, the less he liked it. Still, the thing had to be done, and he did it. ' May ? But what is her other name ?' Colonel Travis asked abruptly. ' I do not know. I did not hear it.' ' And that is all you heard about her ?' 'I can tell you no more.' 1 ' The Colonel was silent. in. But though Colonel Travis asked no more about May, the Rector was soon convinced that thiB was from no lack of interest in her. He was evidently strongly attracted to the girl, and she, on her part, treated him wirh a frank friendliness to which the grave and lonely man had long been a stranger. After che dinner at the Rectory, his acquaintance with Mrs. Dangerfield ripened rapidly into friendship ; and if at first she was glad to see him for the Rector's sake, she soon learned to like him for his own. Meantime, Mr Winton heaid no more of Nurse Margaret. Apparently her patient's case had proved a stubborn one ; was it she herself tbat was stubborn? The Rector wondered a little, but thought it- better to ask no questions. He wondered a little, too, tbat May never spoke of her mother. He had never once heard the girl allude to her, though she chattered freely enough on most subjects. (To be concluded next week.) 