IN THE BA|P«R. « An old friend of mine who httB made his fortune on the West Coast puts his feelinga into veree, swd the Poet; 'perhaps the company I would like to bear it.' « T« it. about striking a big div ? Lsked the Sporting Man. 'No, it's about adivhedidnt Ltrike, and though he's glad in a, way, he'e sorter sorry m another WBy But here it is ; it xb called : ? o-ms OIRL I MET AT 'BA.GGETT.' I met her up by Baggety, A. dark-eyed Qneenstown belle, EambUng along the tram lino My heart went thumping to my throat, ifl ga*ed on her form divine, For in the distant long ago She vowed to be only mine. But after all I won't complain, The good things come and go i Besides, I hadn't then struck it rich By the Bide of the Iron Blow. j And yet my heart in bumping bad, ana ym. »y -.ihAinor wave : Of the joys of other deya. I And so I wish her a HaPWj^V May she ever on velvet Btand ; ThVgirl vho wouldn't be my wife Hal chosen a cleaner hand. ?? Urn,' said the Philosopher 'it W very good poefry, but the writer^ is a man »i«=^ ™i «?- n^d after all,' said the Bar I maid, 'there are good fish yet in Jtheeea.' # # ! I .- ToiiHncr of fish.' observed the nromrw^tdoyouthinkofthe proposal to tax fishing rode ? P 'A truly great idea,' said the ' Snub Editor! 'ifein theeameboat with the window tax, the bicycle tex, the gun tax, the wheel tax, and other bally rot. Some people are Tifiver nflDDY uuiobd «uwj '*- o- « 'ometSLe-i. They'll be want ing to tax bachelors next. « Quite right,'said the Barmaid. I «S L SJinrterm' slyly added the Snub Editor. . , ?,_ „ 'They are taxed enough avreauy, retaliated the Barmaid. » So are the bachelors, ' said the | Publisher, 'and unjustly taxed at that. A young friend of mine has iust been taxed with — - 3 .l Tr_.u«n«(' nnoezed the U0 vernment House man. That story about your friend will keep, 'J, .j Oil I .'''Well, I don't know,' mused the Publisher. , _ , „ 'Then it can't be very iresu, I said the Punster. ' But about that tax on fishing rods,' remarked the .Sporting Man. ' I had a dream the other night, or I ,i _: ? n««3nrnaiil a trance or someimug, »un ?? -~- - woke up I found this on the mantel sbelf . It was a ghostly hand that traced the lines, for it was signed : ' The Spirit of William Saville. It , I 'it aught could tempt me back to earih | ] I From thiB Elysian field _ . , 'Xwould not bu lor my love o£ muiu, Or to extol the wondrous wurtn Of pens that cobblers wield. ! Kirk's alwayB first in fishing loie, For tacts he takes the prize (Most of his yaruB I've heard before, iiFed them oft iu days of yore— 'Tis hard to build new lies). But fiabers'llaw ho does beEool, He wants to tax the cult I And thus he breaks an ancient rule, And shows himself a Billy mule To thus our fame insult. For freedom is the fishers' creed, And all his ways an* acts Proclaim he muBt betfiee indeed 1o fish wherever fishes breed, And free to forgu his facts. A tax on rois is blauky rot, Spook Walton says it is ; And euch a hump old Irak's got ! He reckons traitors should be bhot, And tax- collectors ' friz.' And all the anglerB ghosts aeciue To slop such wrttched work, So it he doesn't let it slide We'll all come back aud tan his hide And haunt the house of Kirk. | '.'TbatfB not too bad,' said the Poet, 'but it wants sub-editing bSfpitv vou weren't in heaven to correct it for -Savifle^ spook, growled the Lindlord, ..-.? g..In heaven P' ejaoplated the Sunday Man. 'Surely you don t think the old mar^ writes X there. No angler ot^uib v»i»vv could ever pass Peter. 'Oh, I don'* kuow,' said the Philosopher. 'Peter was an angler himself, wasn't he ? , . .j u. „ « Ah. mv word ; and he d be a gympathetic gatekeeper Per°»PB;. y'Thifl conversation,' said the j Sunday Man, sternly, - borders on ; the irreverent.' «? But Andy explains,' Baid the Landlord. ' that he wants to abo lish the present class' lioense and a low eveiyooay w uD« ?«- --$;—- salmon at the half-crown rate. 'Which alters the position Bltehtly,' admitted the Snub Editor, ' but any tex on goods or any license to do anything ifl silly 1 business. I'd abolish all taxes and all licenses.' 1 « Woor hfiBr.' said the Landlord. ' What'U you have, Mr. Snub Editor?1; «' A varn comes down from Both well way about a weatuug, »»-' -— Insienifioant Man. 'Oh, how nice! Tell us all about it ioV exclaimed the Barmaid. I ''Alright, but il isn't a nice «tonr. neither is it very fanny. Bat let her go Gallagher : It was a long talked of wedding, often de ferred. At last the day and the I hour was fixed. But at the ap pointed time the sky pilot J ^hohad Uen arranged for overnight failed to turn up. He had evidently Jor cotten all about hiB contract. After Llf «,n hour's weary waiting the prospective benedict tipped a beer soaker the wink to go and bunt up the parson. Then the fun com menced. Theguesteandpighteers,] frinnde and enemies of the happy (t) couple made the affair »*«W: One hard case publicly offered ' half a sov. for a parson; another got into the vestry, donned the parson's surplice, and wanted to officiate for the half sov. But anmBbodv objected that it wonldnt be hocular to do it that way, ana the bride's friends strenuously ob jected to her jumping the broom stick brought along by the vi Jage i policeman. In the midst of the hilarity the parson hove in sight— he bad been shooting parrots or something in his garden. At the gate some . . j ? c iu. t,.nini na.ir met him menus oi uw ua^cj i'— — i aud told him he was no gentleman. At the cburch door the dishevelled and now scared cleric was saluted with a bag of rice, fair iu the eye. Under considerable difficulty, and in much trepidation, he at last managed to perform the ceremony. Then he esnayed to apologise. But the bride groom would accept no apology. While the terrified bride held him back he hurled language at the man of God aud wouud up by firiug the | 1 it r ? r~ ? :l-l~, «+ +T-i*a nlanp.9.1 wedding iees ioluiuij on »~~ ? i stomach and marching oil tb.8 sacred precincts. At the wedding breakfabt^several hours late, by the way— there wasn't room at the table for all hands. This resulted I in two noted ijuests ordering their misBoses to ' come home at once, my dear.' , | The dance in the squatter « I barn was a warm one. There weie plentj of refreshments and whips of fun. One old chap wan ted to epul someuouy s guic «» ??«? proceedings bad well started, but he was temporarily Bquelched, so goes the story, bj his four daugh Uate the ma,y figares, so they bad the first Bet instead Most of the ? *Ud -mmn old tirsii oes» dances wuw «?-» »- ? \\. ,. th But the old chap eaoaped from ^he I obafi-bouse before midnight and r , mL^tmoon't thewavto ranamuOK. j-'»1' «?»=??- — fa,? i d0 the blanky lanoers, he said.,Th« M.C. tried to explain that it wasn t Jue lanoars.but the tot set ;_bdt the old person spoke disrespectlul^ to the li:C., telling him to ff and ; ? | lhen i.e cleared toe «,_„„ «~a -iinwfid the company how the d7n? was done 200 years ^ , Somebody laughed, a°-V „ *t ?i« f ul old party peeled off to fight hie own sou and several pn»P«*'™ Lns-in-law, but the young men , i-i.: ? or.tr father-in-law before marriage. In husky accents theold man.ordered,aU his female belonging* off home, for which the father of the bride wanted to fight him for his-Bhirt. Another guest got under the table among the branding naints and came out a loyely pie bald color some time betore o»y-, light. Another missed his road home and fell into a quarry, where some Philistines found him and tarred bis Sunday clothes in an 1 .. j. ? „„ niommr t.nA CreP arllSWC Uinuuui, j,.«.™-o ? . cent and cross on his clean white vest and the stars and stripes on another prominent part of bis per son At the final break up of the dunce in the barn, nobody knew (which was which, or who was W ' Barring the temperance guests,' interjected the Sunday Man. ' So bo ; and the coolness in that district is abBolntely icy in conse quence. Those who were formerly &Bt; friends have been estranged by a wedding.' ? „ 'That ortcn napponB, w«*^ »-- 1 Philosopher, ' as witness the di- J vorce court proceedings.' jt j «'In other colonies you mean, I ,8aid the Barmaid. ' Divorces .are Lai-i«m ^fiBBsaarv in Tasmania-' I OD1UU »*-? ? V 1 And never in heaven. , 'That is a subject,' said the Landlord, ' we had better not diB cuBS just now. There are reasons. 'To finish the wedding yarn, said the Publisher, 'it is just as 1 .. . _i__i- ii,n( t\ta hnnn had well «- Blum ™™ '?' ~ ? I cast aspersions on a wedding turn out which happened some weeks previously, and had promised all her friends that site wouldnt have Buch a moody affair when few turn I came.' ? * T ' Since the explosion in the back yard,' said the Sporting Man, 'bikes are seldom mentioned np our '^y- .. i, ? :J i.|.- T.Qnrl Uy tne way, unm ?''» — »? — I lord, 'I'd thank you gentlemen not to recommend cyclists to come here unless you know they are quite honest.' \-- a n nvo.liHta are nice dear honest I boys,' exclaimed the Barmaid 'ft' Oh'.' are they P Well, they may be, but one came here the other day on a flash machine, shonted for all hands in the place, and had a high old time generally, as u«- '?-- stood in the passage— a shiny evi dence of wealth— I allowed him to defer payment. He got merry, then be got Bleepy, and retired to ♦ha hast room for a refreshing snooze.' , „ ' Practically dead to the world, said the Sporting Man. I ' So I thought,' sadly remarked the Landlord, 'but after awhile I heard a noise on the gravel out in 1 .. t. , it ? !«« J-j-i 4-li a /1rtrvr- 1 tbe tront. ftuuu'«K ™ ''- — '* * was just in time to see my ' dead lo the world' man vanish om his bounding bicycle.' ' Oh. he'll come back again, softly said the Barmaid. ' 1 hope bo, my dear, for the pay ment for all that lovely bull-dog utout is still deferred.' ' Honesty,' said tbe Philosopher, 'is about the only virtue^ tbe wealthy liave not yet monopolised.' 