STORY OF A CORK LEG, ' COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. BY F. ELBOT. copyright. ... CHAPTER I. F- ru-rgPi. — sttiHE LOVE OF snort is ingrained fill Xj in my nature; it " has been tho same V aSlfl, with all my kith and kin for gen- orations past, 8o when I received r'MWl from my old » school chum, Tom S&SzfP;&tHiP; \ ' '"Gni) "n invi- ,9 "WW1- \ j tation to shoot iw'A. VV- . with him on the , , - coming first of Septomber, I lost no time m drop ping him a lino in ncoeptnnco. Tom lives nt Harrodeue, some little way down tlie South eastern lino. On the eve of that ovontful "first," with all my traps I committed myself to that spaoe-destroving bit of railway engineering, the S.E.R., which must havo been the uu- finishing touch of creative power which made "all other creeping tilings. ' We started well— it was nil express train — at a pace which might huve boen a mile a minute, but was nut. It does not matter now, but ray fate was aboard that train. We hud not proceeded far towurds our destina tion when a collision occurred. A fair amount of paint was rubbed off sumo of the carriages, and among sundry otlior minor mishaps, my left log rccoivod a .compound fracture, which, utter being examined by a doctor, wus pronouueed as uiililcoly to be of any farther use to ma. The lung und short of it wns — amputation. With many regrets I lind to forego my anticipated association with tho "littlo brown bird," also of that other littlo brown bird— I moan brunette. Sho married unothcr follow within u yonr. Boing already stumped by the Burgeon,. I boro tho other fellow's stump ing rather horoicully, mid iu duo courso paid a visit to Forris and Sons, the principal ' of which firm I numbered among my acquain tances. I called on Mr. Forris, ns I say. My loss was news to him. Said ho : "Really, Mr. Cope, I'm very mneli con cerned for you." . " Where unto ?" I replied jokingly. "You are indeed Ferris sorry." I suppose ho was too much taken up in measuring mo for my requirements, for ho never toolc tlio slightest notice of my joke. I do hate to liavo a joko go astray, so I pointed it out to him. Ha smiled vacuously, but said never a word. I bsliove ho was sorry — at that moment, at least — hut whether for my loss of limb or for tho joke, I cannot say. Later, I became somewhat low down in health, und was advisod a sea trip would he boneficial. I arranged for one, to be taken during the more severe winter months. By the time tho good snip My tabic arrived at Durban, in Natal, I had become so used to my new patent-actioued limb, that I had almost forgotten I was its possessor, and walked' with but the slightest of limps. CHAPTER H: THE country round Durban is really very interesting, und, in some parts, very beautiful. Tho Dur- bduitos are very hospitable and fond of entertaining, and right royally thoy dispense their plea sures. No wonder, thon, that within uniouth I felt myself, hygicnicolly speaking, as sound as a bell. At one of the houses at whiali I lind been entertained I made tho acquaintance of a Mr. Boleyn, a young Englishman, who hud a farm, or farms rather, on the other si.tlo of X'iotermnritzbnrg, awny among tho hills. Ho had como to Durban ou some mattor of busi ness, and before he returned we saw. enough of each other to enable us to say, each to the other, " I've cottoned to you, old boy," and in bis case he mado the addition, "You must como over and stay with mo at Foaming Falls." Fouraing Falls was the name he had given to his residential farm. Ho hud extracted u pro mise from ino to visit hiin. Within a week I had met him in Piotermaritzburg, to which place he had driven iu his Oup'o-cart to meet me. We were soon on tho road, and he, iu high glee, kept telling me how dolighted Anna wub at the idea of having a visitor so lately from home. I had not bargained for a meeting with the woman-kind, but after he had explained that Anna was his sister, and " not a bad littlo woman in her way," I waB in a meusuro reconciled. Arrived nt Foaming Falls, Anna met us on tho stoop of tho verandn. What a picture alio looked — a figure of medium height, with a glory of lion-tawny hair, pale eomploxion, with sufficient embonpoint to suit my tasto. Dressed in a dark, violet-lined cashmere gown, with a deep ornugo- colonred silk kerchief loosely tied round her throat, sho looked — well, as I have said, a perfect pic ture. No ; I say nothing about her eyes, but the gazelle's aro not moro limpid. Wo were soon at table, und we (Boleyn and myself), at any rate, were hungry after our drive. Converaa- tiou did not lag, never the ghost of a falter.. Her hobbies, my weaknesses, and Boleyn's hnxiety about his stock wero all in turn trotted out. My stay had run into a month, during which time Anna and I had beogme the best of ohumsi We walked together, drove to- "gether; and mostly naturalised in oompany, for she had a tarn for natural history, and so, in spare time, we sought for specimens. This dolce far nieiito life could not last for ever, and the time came when I must, per force, make my adieu. It was the morning before tho day on whioh I had arranged to take my departure that Anna was in the garden, walking in a some what aimless fashion. I joined her, and wo soon found ourselves on a favourite topic. I was abont to piok up my jfipo, which had dropped from my fingers to tho ground, when I saw, right at my feet, a huge brown snuke —a mamba, as the species is named ont there. I sprang forward with an effort at a jump, hnt one cannot jump very oleverly with an artificial limb attached, at loost I had not practised. My effort to clear tho reptile brought me to grief, and I fell prono on tho gravel path. Thdh followed a fearful shriek from' Anna, and a Mow on my left leg. ' Of bourse it did not hurt me — it was the right leg to be hit. Then I saw Anna flying for dear life towards tho house, calling the while in lusty tones, "Jaok, Jnok, where is tho whisky?" Soon sho reappeared, and with undiminished oelerity, whisky bottle in hand, oame rushing to where I lay. Jaok, her brother, was close behind, both of them look ing whito and scared. " Moko him drink it, Jaok; the whole of it. Jan is coming with another." Aftor saying this she came to me, raised my head to her knee, and iu anxioua tones insisted: "You must drink it, every drop,' or you'll die. Do, there's a dear — I mean, I— I— do drink it, please." . ' . I I was laughing ; I could hot exaotly say why, for tho writhing body of tho mamba was yot olose by me. Jaok kioked it away, and turned to me with ' the whisky brittle, saying: ' t ; " Drink it up, old ohap, and I'll cauterise .the placo. It's the only wing wo oan do.'! Pushing tho whisky on ono Bido, I replied : " I'm all right. AVliat is tho matter ?" Tiien burst ill Anna's agonised tones. " Why, I saw tho horrid thing fasten on your leg and slriko you several times. Oh dear, oh dear, you'll dio ; I'm sure you will." Then said Jaok, " Como, old fellow, it isn't a laughing matter. Let me have a look." With that ho knelt down, and, turning up my trousers leg, Anna the while gazing with streaming eyes, thoy saw— where -the laugh came in. Bnt, honour bright, ' not. onca' did I re- member the artificial limb. Of .course I felt, no bite or wound. I felt the blow Bho ' gavo when sho killed the snake '; i ono naturally feels a jar if a stiok ono has in' his hand is struck, for oxumple, but I felt nothing else. " Oh, you horrid fellow. You never told me you had a wooden leg," said Anna. . ."I havo not. It is of suporior Spanish cork, "I replied. "Lucky for you, old man," said Jaok, us he turned to go ; and tlio Kaffir, Jan, smiled as be picked up tho dead mamba, and said : ".Yah, boss, good job he no biteyyou. Him fangs likoy shark liook." . Then tlio honest fellow examined the cork limb, and therefrom oxtracted a fang nearly half an inch long. Still, in a dazed fashion, Anna cai'ossod the limb, scarce knowing what she did : then, romomhering all at once, lier pale face flushed us sho murmured : " Oh, what will you think of me P" " Tlmt you ure just tho woman to mako mo a good wife, if you only will." And sho willed : thanks for all mercies. Whon wo lolil Jack of our arrangemont, what do you think ho said ? Just this : " H'm ! Not tho first time a serpent ' played tho devil ' in a garden." 