THE PORTLAND DRUGE MYSTERY. FEESH DEVELOPMENTS. During the' past, week Mrs Drnce's astounding story has been ^ much strengthened by fresh evidence which has como to light. It will be remembered that ono of the principal factors in induc ing tho Chancellor of the Consistory Court to listen to the petitioner's prayer was tho identification by Dr Forbes Wmslow of an admitted photo of Druco as being thatof one of his formerpatients -Dr Harmer. This photo of Druco has now, in the presence of our representa tive, been definitely and absolutely identified at the Chancery as Dr Harmer by an old attendant once at the asylum. This is Mr "Williams, a man who has had very many years' experience in the* care of patients, and has been accustomed to note the peculiari* ties of each. He expressed himself to our representative with groat euro and ex treme caution, and the following state ment made by him-before ho had seen the photo-as to tho habits and appoar* ance of "Harmer," cannot be over estimated, when tho well known and admitted peculiarities of the late Duke of Portland are also borne in tnind. Mr "Williams said" I perfectly recollect . Harmer,' for there were several very remarkable circumstances connected with hi3 case. I buvo no doubt, nnd bad no doubt at that time, that ' Harmer' was not his real name, but that not being very unusual in asylums, I did not tlieu attach much importance to it. But at the same time his reticence and extreme care not to meution any names were very remarkable, mors especially as a man who when questioned on any subject .would reply by danc ing, singing, and shouting. His wife came to see him almost daily, but I never heard him cull her by name. He fully realised tho fact that he was in an asylum, but ho never expressed any desire to leave, or made any attempt to do so. His eyes were very striking looking, almond sbapad, and pointed at the corners. ' He invariably woro a long frock coat and trousers very baggy at the bottoms. . He was constantly endeavor ing to tie up various things with bits of string. He wore a very tall hat, which he seldom took off, and had a great ob jection to tho light of day, constantly insisting that in the pavilion in the grounds which he occupied- which was away from tho main house-the blinds should be drawn down in the day time, and gas or candles lighted. His skin had a very strange appearance, and he was afflicted with a curious rash, which would break out suddenly on his cheeks and forehead. He suffered'very much from what,in an ordinary person,! should have called fits of remorse and terror, clearly having something on his mind ; and frequently pointing .to the ground would say, ' It's there! its down there!' but whenever he was usked what he meant he would affect not to hear, and commence to shout. After he left the asylum I called several times at his house. On tho first occasion he could not avoid seeing me, and shook hands with me, recognising me at once; but on sub sequent occasions he immediately walked away on my arrival, and declined to hold any conversation with me. His haic was long and dark and hanging down at the back, and his forehead was broad and peculiarly shaped at the temples. He was about five feet six inches high. Sometime, when spoken somewhat sharply to, ho would draw himself up and say quite sanely, ' Ah, you don't know who I am or whom you'ro talking to,' but if anyone attempted to pursue that subject he would fall back 011 his usual method of shouting. Ho certainly, m my opinion never prac« tised us a doctor." Equally remarkable are the statements of Mr Paine, who was at the time of Druce's alleged death head salesman at the Bakor-street Bazaar. Mr Paine said to our representative, in reply to various questions, " "Whether the coffin deposited in High gate Cemetery contains lead or a corpse I would rather not for the present discuss, thongh I may have my own opinion on the point. I was verj at tached to Druco, and the photo produced at the Consistory Court belongs to me, and was lent to tho petitioner by myself. Druce was in many respects a most re markable man, and his behavior, even at tho time, created great comment among tho employes. A lady, who went by tho name of Berkeley, was constantly about the shop, and when she called there would frequently be terrible sceues be tween them in bis private countinghouse. Ho was certainly the most reticent man I have ever met, and though we were almost, I might say, on terms of affection, he always checked any attempt I made to" inquire intD his private affairs. What struck me-and, indeed, other people-as the most ex» traordinary part of bis behavior was that whenever any of the nobility or any Royal personages called at the bazaar-a thing of not unfrequent occurrence in those days-he would instantly retire to his private room, and not come out until they had left. Indeed, on one occasion he lost a very large order through this. A gentleman of very high social position insisted on asking for and being attended to by the proprietor. This message was conveyed to Mr Druce, but ho declined to accede to tho request, and the gentleman loft without purchasing anything. Druco always wore-even in business-'a very tall hat and a very long coat; but after the marriage with 'MissMay' wo saw much less of hini, and she hardly ever came to the shop from that date. Indeed, for six months before his alleged death which, wo were told, was due to fistula he didjiot come to business at all." A great point is made by the petitioner that several people wero frightened and one woman rendered insano by the sudden appearance of Druce at the Baker street bazaar after his supposed funeral; but owing to the lapse of time'and the very strange reticence of many people, there has been some difficulty in finding proof of this. Our representative, how over, has succeedod in obtaining most important information on the point. The woman referred to was Mrs Fiedger, forewoman at the Baker-street bazaar, and sbo died insane at 13 Nottingham street, Marylebone. Her nurso was a Mrs Norman, and the latter's husband was also an intimate 'friend of Mr Fiedger. Mr Norman was seen by our representative, und said, " 1 well remem ber tho death of poor Mrs Fiedger. Sho died, mad, in this very room where wo are talking. Often and often have I nnd her husband discussed tho matter, and he always openly said that his unfortunate wife's malady was brought on by the shocks sho received ut seeing on several occasions what sho took to be tho ghost of her late master,1 Druce, in one of the passages of the' Baker-street bazaar. She finally lost her senses through this, und never recovered. As she lay dying, she kept repeating, ' There he is ! There he is, and yet I thought he was dead.' " Mrs Druco has received a very remark able letter from a Gentleman, whose name we mnst hold for the moment, and an entire stranger to hor. This gentle man not only states that Thomas Charles Druco was alijein ISGG, but gives details of tho farm in New Windsor, Berks, where, it will be recollected, the marriage of Thomas Charles Druce and Miss May was calebrated, and which was taken by Mj Druce under yet another name, a friend of tho writer and his wife-both employed at -Baker-street bazaar-being put in charge of the houso. -"Lloyd's »V eeKIy " of April 3rd. 