Stories of the Supernatural. A gentleman in Leeds says : — I have a mania for antiquities, and a few months ago I camo across a curious old carved chair, It was brokon, so I got it cheap, glued it, and placed it in my snuggery' for a smoking chair. I did not use it much, lor I always rolt tight and un comfortable in it, and sleopy. I always sit up late reading and smoking, with my dog Rex as' my only companion. ' Rox, hated that old chair, and would novor Ho on it, and would bark aud growl at it. Ono night I drow it up to tho tablo, having somo writing to do. I 'again noticed tho pressing sonsatiou, aud felt vory, cold. I wont to tho firo. Rox was very restless, shivering and moaning. Tho houso kcopor camo in, started, and thon laughed, saying, ' I must bo half asleep, for I could hayo declared I saw a man sitting in that ohair.' I snt reading for a long timo, thon roso and .turned to tho tablo. Thoro Bitting in tho chair, was an old man, with tho moBt fiendish faco possiblo to picture ' Ho was loaning ovor tho tablo, his long arms passing ovoi'it. Rox bogau to moan jJi'todusly. Thon tho thing turned and sprang on to my shoul ders. I fell to tho ground stunned. Whon I camo to myself Susan and her husband woro loaning over mo. My throat hurt me, and I found round it livid fingor marks. Tho next day I ordered Jo,hn to chop up the ohair and burn it. In tho seat wo discovered [ a soorot drawer containing a poncil skotoh (of the fiond' I had seon, and two small mum'mior] hands holding a pencil. 'Was it rovonge'for .thO'Skotoh ? ' ?-? ' ?'?-? ? ' '?? '' '? , ( A'ManchoBtor lady sayB :' Iionoro and I woro twin-Bisters, but thoro was no roseniblanc'o, be tween us. Sho wan our idol, and mother and I only lived for her. Ono Christmas sho wont 'for a short visit to an aunt's. A fortnight paasod, and Bho was to return tho noxt day. Wo woro both invalids, so could not moot' horr but our vicar, an old froind, was to do' so. ? Wo woro soatod in tho broakfaBt room, listening for tho train whistlo, when tho door oponod, and Lonoro stood before us ! so white nndohango'd. With opon ariuB I mot hor, but she waved m& buck andglidcd to mothor's side, and thon took a hand of oaoh of us and prossod thorn to hor lips. Thon sho was gone. The samo' momont tho vicar crimo in, white and trem bling. Thoro had boon a tomblo accident to. tho train, and our ' darling was amongst tb.01 killed. An old sailor tolls tho following story : — ? Piftoon years ago I was an apprentices on board a Livorpool ship. Whilo lying in har bour on tho coast of California tho carpontor, with whom I was vory frioudly,' wont ashore ono ovonniB and was not hoard of bofoiro wo sailed. Ono night on tho passago homo, lny solf aud my companion had put out tho light and woro ' turning in,' whon I distinotly saw tho form of tho miBsing carpontor sitting on tho edge of tho bunk previously ocoupiod by him. lie was drossod in his usiml clothes,' Ulllj WaS pillU IU1U UUIIIUJIU.UU, 11UU HUUIUUU W wish to communicate somo mossago about his tools aud clothos, My companion's descrip tion tallied oxaotly with my own. Whon wo roaohod England wo found that tho body of tho missing carpontor had boon rocovorod from thu linrbour on tho vory day on whioh his ghost appeared to ub. 