NEW SOUTH WALES 25th Annual Conference. EIGHTH DAY.— WEDNESDAY. Ministerial Session. The President took the chair at 10 a.m. Eev. J. Walker led in prayer, after which the daily record was read. Besolved that Messrs. H. Fleming, B.A., H. 0. Foreman, B.A., and G. Laverty re main a second year in the Theological Institution, that the Revs. J . Bathgate, A. H. Johnstone and J. A. Walsh be received as preachers on trial. There were no ministers suggested for exchange with other Conferences. The obituary notices were then dealt with. Hymn 940 was sung, and the Eev. G. Lane offered prayer. Eev. E. Dyson. Eev. J. A. Waddell read the obituary and moved its insertion in the minutes. He had been several times associated with the deceased minister in different districts. 'Jhe testimony of his life was an assurance of his fidelity and devotion in the service of Christ and the church. The nature of his affliction interfered with any dying testi mony. Eev. B. J. Meek stood 30 years ago with Mr. Dyson as a candidate for the ministry in London. One word in the obituary needed to be emphasised ; he referred to the word ?' faithful.' Eev. J. Gardiner said Mr. Dyson was far romoved from anything like subterfuge and double-dealing. He was a man of singular transparency of character and of heavenly mind. Eev. Dr. Brown said Mr. Dyson was hiB colleague in the Bourke-Bt. Circuit. The high integrity of Mr. Dyson's character was remarkable. He had kept engagements to his own hurt from which he might legally have escaped. Eev. G. Lane was impressed with the patience, submission, and true Christian courage with which Mr. Dyson passed through his last painful year. He preserved most reverential memories of the departed minister. Eev. W. Clarke said that Mr. Dyson was faithful and true as a friend. He would emphasise the reference to his upright life. Eev. C. E. James bore testimony to Mr. Dyson's ability as a preacher, and kindness as a Superintendent. He was of a reserved disposition, but he had marvelled at the un folding of the man when bis real nature came out. His preaching was eminently powerful, evincing a splendid grasp of theo logical truth. He never knew anyone get through business with such expedition or a man who suppressed himself so completely. The wonderfully heroic way in which Mr. Dyson bore the stroke that fell upon him was very touching. Eev. W. Pearson had knowledge of Mr. Dyson in Kingswood, England, and as a colleague in Brisbane. He was a man who felt strongly, and therefore expressed him self strongly. He prayed that the thorough ness, the success and power with which he fulfilled his ministry might characterise others. Eev. W. Hill also spoke of the power of Mr. Dyson's preaching. Eev. C. J. Prescott, M.A., said that Mr. Dyson's useful work was that of one who came from John Wesley's 1 school at Kings wood. Eev. Joshua Parker Chapman. Rev. F. Langham read and moved the obituary notice. He was an earnest and devoted missionary. His desire was to save souls, and he had great success. Eev. J. Gardiner spoke of Mr. Chapman's warm-heartedness. Eev. H. Worrall seconded; For eleven years he had worked side by side with him. He gave his heart and soul to the work in Fiji. Almost to the last he hoped to return to Fiji. During the closing years of his life he was sadly misrepresented because of his fidelity in opposing Eoman Catholicism in Fiji. In every possible way the priests and nuns sought to malign him, but there was no truth in their imputations. He was a brave missionary. Eev. J. E. Moulton had more than once visited Bro. Chapman's station. He was a born missionary. The mission cause was his whole life. He might truly have said, 'The zeal of Thine house hath eaten me up.'. He was in fact a model missfonary. A great number were (converted under his preaching. Eev. Dr. Brown said Mr. Chapman gained the entire affection of his native colleagues. He had the art of getting the sympathy and love of his workers. Both white men and dark loved him. He never spared himself. His was no mere passing enthusiasm. He worked as hard in the laBt year of his life in Fiji as the day he went down to the South Seas. Eev. H. Wiles was with him in hiB dying moments and saw much of him in the last year of his life. Naturally he was physically strong. Until the last six months of his life he refused to believe that his work was done. Fiji was written on his heart, and when the time came for him to know that his days were numbered, the devil sorely tempted him for a week , to ' curse God and die.' He wasj however, kept in perfect peace and was conscious to the last moment ; he had no darknesB at all. It was most pathetic to see him tell Filimone to give his love to the Fijians, and to assure them that he had gone to be with Jesus. Eev. J. A. Nolan would like to lay a flower on his grave. He had the honour of delivering the ordination' oharge 'before Mr. Chapman's departure for the islands. He was clothed with the divine soul-oon- verting power. He died a triumphant death. Eev. Silvanos Karovisa (Fiji). Eev. F. Langham read and moved the obituary notice, and spoke of the earnest ness and devotion that the_- deceased minister ever manifested. Eev. H. Worrall seconded. Here was a man whose ohanged life was one of this century's miracles. Born in the darkness and horror of the past, he had been transformed by the power of the Gospel. Abel Qara, Timothy Eaibiriki and Thomas Tabu were received as native ministers, and the following remain as native preachers on trial : — (1) Fiji— Abishai Demolailai, Joel Keteca, Michael Ratu, Samuel Tokakece; New Britain— Romulus Tukuca. Who have travelled five years. (2) Fiji — Malachi Ealidredre, Simeon Meteka, Naaman Radabia ; Samoa — Uilia- mu Tuilimu. Who have travelled three years. (3) Fiji — Wesley Eai, Abel Ratabacaoa, Paulus Rokocua, Isaiah Nuki. (4) Fiji— Silas Kalourua, Gideon Kau wata, Alick Raloka ; New Britain — Rupeni Nagera. Who have travelled two years. Joel Cama, Naaman E^avuru, Matthias . Yave, Eneri Wara (Fiji), and Joni Lata (New Britain) were received as native preachers, on trial. The report of the Examining Committee was adopted, and thanks presented to the Rev. B. J. Meek, Secretary to1 Examining Committee, .for fidelity, earnestness, and thoroughness, and to the ministers who had charge of the examination of probationers . and students. Rev. B. J. Meek was reappointed Secre tary to the Examining Committee for a 6th year. Resolved that the regulations of the General Conference respecting the oourse of study for probationers, also the resolutions relating to the examination of probationers - be printed in our raiautes. Eev. G. T. Baker moved, and the Con ference resolved, that the following matters i be referred to the Examining Committee : — (a) That each examination paper con. tain eight questions instead of six. (&) That 'six questions only be taken ' be a printed instruction to the examiner. (c) That the number of marks allotted by the examiner be printed opposite to each question. The report of the House Governor of the Theologicallnstitution was received. Resolved that arrangements similar to those made last year for the tuition of theo logical students be adopted. The Conference adiourned at 12.35. Representative Session. (Wednesday afternoon.) Prayer was offered by Mr. J. Staines. The daily record waB read and confirmed. It was reported by Eev. W. H. George that Mr. F. B. Gully, the representative from the Casino Circuit had been taken seriously ill. Kesolved that a letter of sympathy be sent to Mr. Gully. On the motion of the Eev. W. W. But ledge it was resolved to convey the sym pathy of the Conference to Mr. G. Felton Pickering, one of its members and brother of the late Mrs. Sellors. The President conveyed the resolution to Mr. Pickering. The Secretary reported the receipt of telegrams from the New Zealand and Vic torian Conferences conveying greetings. Eev. C. J. Prescott presented the report of the committee appointed to deal with trust debts which recommended, (1) That a Cen tenary Commemoration Fund be established for the purpose of raising £100,000 towards the liquidation of our trust debts ; (2) That a committee be appointed for initiating the scheme and reporting to the next Conference. Rev. J. E. Carruthers objected to this as an inadequate proposal. He moved that the matter be re-committed for further consideration. This was lost and the report adopted. The President then nominated a com ..mittee to carry out the proposed scheme. \- .^Resolved that the Muswellbrook and Casino Circuits be relieved of their obliga tions to provide for married ministers for one year. Special Help Fund. The Eev. J. Woolnough presented a verbal report and promised a written one on the following day. Resolved (1). That the administration of this Fund be vested in the Executive Com : mittee of the Church Sustentation Sooiety. (2). That any grants made towards existing . circuit debts should be final and only on condition that the debt be extinguished. Loan Funds. . Mr. R. H. Ducker presented the report and said they had now nearly £38,000 capital. Thejrepayments in 1897 had been very small, amounting to only about 6 per cent. The increase in arrears had been £637 for. the year. There were 48 defaulting trustB that had paid nothing for the past year. The arrears in the Wesleyan Loan Fund were fast approaching 50 per cent, of :- the capital. The total amount of arrears under the two funds was £5000. Many H applications were received that could not be met owing to these arrears. He was anxious, to preserve the loan funds, and not gradually let the loans become regarded as grants. He urged them not to neglect the figures presented in the Agenda. He moved the report be adopted. Rev. George Lane seconded, and hoped ' that the layjrepresentative would circulate the fact tliat^these L-ans were not only debts in law, but were debts of honour. Every minister would find laymen in his circuit willing to help in properly working the fund- If the loans were regarded as matters of indifference, then the fund would cease to be the loan fund that it ought to be. He appealedjfor fidelity in the matter. After some conversation the report was adopted. ' It was resolved that the indebtedness of the Balmain Darling Street Circuit to the Loan Funds to be remitted to the Sydney West District Special Committee on Balmain affairs. The recommendation of the Maitland Synod was adopted as follows : — The Con. ference requires all trusts of our properties which , have been long in arrears to the Loan Funds, to make new arrangements with the Committee for the amount of their indebtedness for Buch terms as the trustees can comply with. Hearty thanks were presented to Rev. Dr. Sellors and Mr. E. H. Ducker, J. P., the treasurers, and to Rev. W. H. Rogers and Mr. A. Smith, the auditors. The treasurers were re-appointed. Thanks were also presented to the Eev. George Lane, the sole trustee of the Eev. Wm. Schofield's estate, for his successful management of the estate during the year. Bright Bequest Fund. The Rev. Dr. Sellors presented the report, and it was adopted. Thanks were presented to the trustees and treasurers of the fund. The Rev. Dr. Sellors and Mr. R. H. Ducker were re appointed treasurers. Home Missions. The ex-President presented the report of the Committee on the above, as printed in the Agenda, and it was ordered to be printed in the Minutes. Recommendations from Sydney East, Armidale, and Bathurst Districts respecting Home Missionaries having seats in Financial District Synods, were discharged. Eesolved that the administration of matters re Home Missionaries be brought into harmony with the Home Mission regulations. The remainder of the session was occupied in receiving deputations. Deputations. The Eevs. J. W. Holden and W. Atkin son, who represented the Primitive Metho dist Church, the Eev. F. Binns, the Local Option League, and Mr. Bartlett, the United. Methodist Free ; Church, ; werej welcomed by the President. Eev. J. W. Holden congratulated the President (as an old friend) upon being elected to that honourable position. They were there not only to present congratula tions on their past work in the colony and in the islands, but to wish them greater success. They had the authority of their Church and Conference both in N.S.W. and in England behind them. The Primitive Methodist Church was not an off- shoot from the Wesleyans, as some other members of the family were. Theirs had been a quiet growth of later years, and during 88 years of its history their prosperity and aggresive work have been almoBt like the progress reoorded in the Acts of the Apostles. He almost felt at home as if in his own Confer ence. There were so many points in which they were one. He only regretted that perhaps their people were getting less warm than themselves. Eev. Wm. Atkinson further congratulated the President, and he voiced the larger Methodism to which they all belonged. Some years ago the President said they were received as ambassadors from a friendly power. They also come from a power that is in no sense foreign. The making of the Methodism' of the future depended upon the faithfulness and loyalty of them selves. Between the parent body and that camp of the Methodist army to which he belonged there would always be the greatest friendliness and sympathy. He referred to the time of spiritual blessing enjoyed when preaching at Lewisham in connection with recent interchanges. In Wesleyan Metho dism, the realisation of intense spiritual power had not been forgotten. They had not lost faith in the doctrine of the Holy Ghost. The Church which was to make the life of the future would be the Church that was under the most powerful influence of the Holy Ghost. They trusted to be worthy of the best traditions of Methodism. Mr. Bartlett, in the absence of Eev. E. W. Briscombe, spoke on behalf of the United Methodist Free Church. He prayed ' God blesB our common Methodism.' He was everywhere at home in a Methodist Church. He hoped that the spirit of unity might go on advancing, that whether separated in name or not, they would always be united in spirit and purpose. Rev. F. Binns, chairman of the Congre gational Union, represented the Local Option League, as well as speaking a word on behalf of the Congregational Union. He had a great love for the Methodist Church, and a great admiration for the noble work it had done. He had attended as a representative on a Nonconformist deputation in the British Conference. He was also the nephew of a very old and sainted Methodist minister whose name he bore. He pleaded the claims of the Local Option League. Its purpose was clearly explained. They would all feel the truth and justice of the principle that the people should have power to decide the question of the drink traffic. As in the past they would render help to this cause. The Temperance Reformer was the friend of all moral and religious work. He asked them to co-operate with the League in removing the obstacle of the drink traffic in the way of the Redeemer's Kingdom. Ab Chairman of the Congregational Union, he wished them great prosperity. Above all their different ensigns was the banner of the one Lord and Master. The Rev. W. G. Taylor responded. He thanked the Deputations for their kind and brotherly words. He hardly knew why they received a deputation from the Local Option League. They were all Local Optionists, and prepared to show their practical sympathy with their cause. He was thankful the Temperance bodies had at length come to be united. To the other members of the Deputation he could say they were all one in Christ Jesus. Though there were differences on the question of Organic Union he thought that all were willing to agree to union when the right time had arrived. They should all aim at a threefold unity of sympathy, aggression and protest. The time for pointing out the differences between them was gone. Beneath the surface they were one in sympathy and aim. They were not as churcheB doing all the aggressive work they were called to do. They ought to stand shoulder to shoulder and face the devil of temperance and all other devils, and make a great forward movement. Then they should unite in protesting against the growing evil of sacerdotalism in connec tion with some of the Protestant Churches, against the tendency to lower the Aug in their churches' methods offinancing, against the putting of unworthy men in high posi tions of state, a thing that was morally wrong was never politically or commercially right. Mr. F. E. McLean, M.L.A., said the Primitive Methodist brethren were always welcome. They rejoiced in the great prosperity of that Church. They lived by association, and they fulfilled their highest functions wher they co-operated with each other as ChurcheB. The Wesleyan Church really formed one of the most formidable regiments in the Temperance Army. He rejoiced in the happy re-union of the Tem perance forces after eight years of separation, which separation had retarded the movement more than their opponents had done. This Looal Option movement was a broad and national movement. It was merely intended to enable the people to do what they willed to do with the liquor traffic. A great deal of misconception obtained about the word ' Prohibition,' but nothing more was ever asked than to enable the people to do what they pleased with the traffic. He cordially welcomed their visitors and wished them great success. Apologies were received for the absence of the Rev. F. B. Boyce (President of the Local Option League) and Rev. E. W. Briscombe (of the United Methodist Free Church. NINTH DAY — THUE^DAY. Ministerial Session. ?' (Thursday Morning ) The Conference assembled at 10.15 a.m. Rev. J. Tarn led in prayer. The daily record was read. - The recommendation of the Sydney East Synod, respecting a course of study for Home Missionaries, was not upheld. Reports from the committee of 'discipline were presented. At 11 o'clock the lay delegates assembled, and representative business was gone on with. Alstonville. The Rev. W. H. Beale presented the report of the Committee of Procedure recommending that Alstonville continue as ? a portion of the Lismore Circuit. It was not sustained. Rev. T. F. Potts moved, and Mr. Staines (Ballina) seconded, and it was resolved, ' That Alstonville be transferred to Ballina, and that the Ballina Quarterly Meeting be directed to pay quarterly to the Treasurer of the Lismore Parsonage Trust, half of the collections and subscriptions, until the sum of £80 has been paid.' Resolved that the waters of Middle Harbour be the boundaries between the St. Leonard's and Manly Circuits. Balmain Affairs. The Conference resolved to re- open the consideration of Balmain affairs. A memo rial from the Darling-street Circuit, asking for the appointment of a single minister, was presented by the Rev. J. E. Carruthers. Mr. Tinley addressed the Conference at length. The Conference, on the motion of the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, expressed sympathy with the Darling-street Circuit in its finan cial difficulties, and admiration for the loyalty of its people, but regrets that it cannot grant the request contained in the prayer of the memorial. It remits the circumstances of the circuit to the favorable consideration of the Distribution Committee. The Conference adjourned at 12-30. Representative Session. (Thursday Afternoon.) Mr. Sutherland offered prayer. The Secretary reported the receipt of reciprocal greetings from President Young man and the Queensland Conference. On the motion of the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, seconded by Rev. R. Bavin, it was resolved, as a matter of courtesy, to send an in timation of the deoision of the Conference on Methodist Union to the other Methodist Churches of the colony.. Mr. W. Robson moved that that part of the Federal Council's report concerning the Newcastle District be referred to the Federal Council. Agreed. Balmain. Rev. J . E. Carruthers moved, and it wa& resolved — ' That the Conference remits to the Quarterly Meetings of the Balmain, Circuits (Montague-street, Darling- street, and WeBt End), and to the Stanmore Circuit for consideration at the September Quarterly Meetings and report to the District Synod, the following proposal, or any other, for re-arrangement of circuit boundaries, viz., — (1) The reuniting of Montague-street and Darling- street Circuits,, with Drummoyne attached ; the circuit, to be called Balmain Circuit, and to have two married ministers. (2) The separation of Leichhardt from the Stanmore Circuit, and Leichhardt and West End to be created a circuit with a married minister — the circuit to be oalled the Leichhardt and Rozelle Cirouit.' A memorial from Balmain (West) Cirouit was read by Rev. R. H Rickard. It pre tested against the imposition of the obliga tion to provide for a married minister. Special Grants. The President ruled that a recommenda tion from the Riverina District Synod for a ppecial grant of .£20 to the Narrandera Circuit, for the payment of the Children's Fund levy was out of order. The Quarterly MeeiiDg should be made to know that it must obey their rules. A special grant of j£15 to ReV. J. Hulme on the ground of personal sickness was made, THEOLOGICAL INSTITUTION. Rev. W. H. Williams presented the balance sheet for the provisional Theological Institution, which was adopted It was resolved that one collection only be made in all the Churches on behalf of the fund. Resolved that the committee be empowered to grant honorariums to tutors ; also that the thanks of the Conference be presented to the treasurers, house governors, tutors, and auditors for their services during the year, and that the Rev. W. H. Williams and Mr. W- H. McClelland be appointed treasurers for the year. The question of the Central Theological Institution was brought forward. Mr. W. Robson moved, and it was resolved, ' that the matters contained in Res. 6 of the laBt Gen Con , page 45, relat ing to the establishment of a Central Theological Institution be referred to the council of Newington College, and the Committee of the Theological Institution conjointly for consideration and report to the next Conference.' THANKSGIVING FUND. Mr. W. H. McClelland presented the report and balance-sheet, which were adopted. The report show ed that £9000 yet remained unpaid. Mr. R. S. Callaghan, J. P., moved, and it was resolved that in view of the winding up of the Centennial Thanksgiving Fund a circular be sent to those who have not yet paid the full amount originally promised. Thanks were presented to the Rev. J. Woolnough and Mr. W. H. McClelland, the Secretaries, and to Rev. E. J. Rodd and Mr. R. W. Conway the Treasurers, for their services. They were re- appointed. Removal Expenses. Rev. T. B. Holmes presented the report and balance-Bheet of the Removal Expenses Fund, which were adopted. The regulations of the fund were remitted to the Committee for report to next Con ference. Resolved that in all cases where the levy be not paid by a circuit, chairmen of Districts be instructed to deduct the amount from the grant for the year. Thanks were presented to Rev. T. B. Holmes (secretary), Mr. J. Yickery (treasurer), the Committee and the auditors for their valuable services. Rylbtone. Permission under the suspension of the standing orders, having been given, Mr.. W. J. Galagher, J.P., addressed the Con ferenoe requesting the rescision of the deoision to send a married minister to the RjlBtone circuit. After careful reconsideration it was resolved not to rescind the former decision. The Conference re-assembled at 7 p.m. After prayer by Mr. E. Lonsdale, M.LA., Rev. J. H. Hopkins announced the absence of the Chairman of the Maitland District, Rev. J. Clifton, through severe indisposition. The Secretary of the Conference piesented the General Returns: — In the colonial ?districts the increase in five was 132, the decrease in the remaining three districts was 183. Consequently the actual decrease for the year was 51. The decrease in members on trial is 110. Rev. J. G. M. Taylor presented the Sunday-school report. The report showed a rather serious decrease in the numbers of schools, scholars, and Band of Hope mem bership. The reports were adopted. Rev. C. E. James presented the Sunday School Union report, which waB adopted. Rev. J. Woodhouse presented the report of the Christian Endeavour Committee. The report was most encouraging, indi cating an 8 per cent, increase in member ship and about 15 per cent, increase in the number of . societies. The Y.P.S.C E. num ber 144, with 4052 enrolled members, being an increase of 22 societies and 294 members. Other Young People's Societies number 2, with a membership of 178, being a decrease ot two societies and 72 members. The report was adopted. Rev. J. G. M. Taylor was thanked, and re-appointed Sunday-school Secretary. Rev. C. E. James was thanked for hiR work as Secretary of the Sunday-school Union. Rev. J. Woodhouse was thanked and re appointed Convener of the C.E. Committee. Rev. R. H. Rickard presented a memorial from the council of the Sunday School Union, praying for the setting apart of a minister as Secretary of the Union, he to have oversight of Bands of Hope and Young People's Societies ; if, however, it were found impossible to set apart a minUter to this work, that a layman be appointed to the position. Tne Committee on Memorials recom mended, and the Conference resolved, that the whole matter be referred to a committee to collect data end report to the next Conference. CONVEFSATION ON THE WORK OF GOD. Hymn 47 was sung. The President, introducing the conversa tion, said they had been discussing the machinery for carrying out the work of God. They were now to consider whether their machinery and methods were accom plishing that which they designed. In . order that they might take a wider view, they must remember that the work of God could not be tabulated. Rev. P. J. Stephen spoke upon ' Some present-day difficulties of our work.' They might be summarised as — (1) Those that arose in connection with the aggressive evangelism characteristic of our Church; (2) Those that arose in connection with the culture of the spiritual life ; (3) Those that arose from, the financial stringency,.of. the times. (1) In Sydney there were 250,000 non church-goirig people. Their problem was how to evangelise these unchurched masses. The churches were regarded by these with prejudice and suspicion. When they could, with the accent of spiritual conviction; address these, they might soften those prejudices. The ' classes,' too, were no less hostile, peihaps the result of the literature now so widely read. The popular fiction of to-day was filled with insidious doubt that colours the mind of the reader. - (2) They had to lament the difficulty of getting their own loyal members to attend the classes and week-night services. There was a multiplicity of calls upon the time of their members. (3) The minister's hands were tied by financial embarrassments. He must use his best to finance his cirouit. If some financial Bystem could be evolved to meet those ordinary charges, their work would grow by leapB and bounds. If the wealthy of this country would, instead of spending their money upon the racecourses, spend it to spread the humanizing influences of Christ's Gospel, then our way would be clear for a mighty advance upon the king dom of darkness. Rev. J. Tarn spoke of the estimable people within our churches who listened persistently to appeals from the pulpit and yet remain unconverted. Until they won these for Christ they would never reach the masses outside. Mr. R. Callaghan said the financial bur den was shifted from the shoulders of the laymen to chose of the minister. The lay officials of our Church did not realize the responsibility that devolved upon them to assist the minister in regard to the financing of their circuits. (Applause.) Mr. E. Lonsdale, M.L.A., asked were they as a Church following the example of (Shrist in regard to the lapsed masses ? He went down to them ; Bhowed the deepest sympathy with them and interest in their condition. They had beautiful buildings, fine preachers, and if these of whom he spoke did come within their churches there was not a hand held out to them. Was not our failure to a large extent in that direc tion ? Christ came to save those ' who were down, to lift them upon a higher moral pedestal. Once a man or woman enters within the precincts of a gaol they regarded such a one as a social outcast. Christ treated none as outcasts. Then their prominent men loved power ; there was too Btrong a desire to lead. Rev. W. Hill thought they had much to be thankful for. They did good uncon sciously. A local preacher said in his hear ing in the love feast, ' I have been throwing out the Gospel net for 20 years, and have not caught anything.*' Instantly a man arose, crying, ' Bless the Lord, you caught me.' He would like the Conference to appoint a connexional evangelist who would do the same glorious work as that accom plished by the late Rev. James Bowring. Did they all in every sermon explain the way of salvation ? They must give more attention to prayer-meetings — to Sunday night prayer-meetings and to Monday- night prayer-meetings. May the Lord leave us not, neither forsake us 1 (applause/ Rev. J. Nolan said the reason of failure was that they were losing their hold upon the supernatural. They must believe in Holy Ghost ; they must before God deplore their shortcomings, and Seek a baptism of spiritual power (applause). Rev. F. DueBbury offered prayer and the hymn ' 0 that in me the sacred fire ' was sung. Rev. Joseph Woodhouse spoke of ' Some hopeful aspects of oer work.' They should thank God in common with other churohes for the increase of accurate knowledge of the Scriptures and for clearer views of the person of Christ. There was also a litera ture that was laying emphasis upon ethical Godliness, that had become immensely popular. Evangelistio methods and doc trines had also become more comprehensive ~ and thorough. Conping to their own work in the matter of finance, the bitter lessons of the past would be helpful in carrying out anew policy. The^fruits of this new policy would be to set free the ministers for aggressive spiritual work. The revival of missionary zeal was a hopeful thing. The church was most progressive when most missionary. The brightest feature of all waB the Endeavour movement. It had solved the problem of the retention of their young people, and would do so most effectually when Junior Societies were fully worked. The Endeavour supplied the young yeople with Christian work that anchored them to their Church. There were critics of this movement, but he had never bad reason to fear it. It had always been a help in his circuits. Why had the C E. gained so rapidly in their Church ? — for they led the way easily in the colonies. There was an affinity between the principles of this movement and those of Methodism. The three great principles of Endeavour were Conseoration, Fellowship, Work. 1 Were not these the true notes of their Church? Who were these Christian En deavourers ? Were they not their own children and young people? Had they claimed them for Christ, and made their Ghnrch inviting and homelike to their yonng folks ? Let them help to realise their own hopes. God's challenge was — 'Use what you have got 1 make room for more I' Rev. E. Bavin thought they did not recognise the definite condition referred to by Mr. Nolan that success was only assured to Spirit-filled men. What was the secret of the success of early Methodism ? Their deep spiritual hymns answered the question. Eev. B. J. Meek moved, — 'That on a review of the work of the year, this Con ference records with regret the fact that there is a decrease in our membership returns, and a considerable decrease in the numbers of teachers and scholars who are members of the Church, and also in the number of catechumens; in the presence of these facts it urges upon those who have special charge of the young the necessity of giving first attention to the spiritual interests of the thousands who have been gathered into the organisations which are intended to minister to their welfare. We recognise the great difficulties which con front us in our Church life and work generally, but we hereby affirm our unabated confidence in the sufficiency of the Gospel we have to preach to meet all needs of our complex age, and hereby resolve to devote ourselves more earnestly than ever to proclaim its message and illustrate its principles.' He could not speak enthusiastically of the Endeavour movement. The idea must be kept before the Church that the Society is a nursery for the Church ; he found that members contented themselves with formal reading of a verse of Scripture or hymn. Let their heads of families urge their children to present decision for Christ. Their conver sation, too, as ministers and laymen was not sufficiently spiritual. Eev. C. J. Prescott, M.A., said they must recognise good being done that was not being done in their own way. The Students' Christian Union in the very strongholds of learning in the world was taking root in a way that staggers one to contemplate. The story of thiB singular movement read like a story from the Acts of the Apostles. When in these places of learning the Spirit of God was being'.thus outpoured they might -well ' thank God, and take courage.' Hymn 427 was sung, and Eev. W. G Taylor offered prayer. The Conference adjourned at 9.15. TENTH DAY.— FEIDAY. Ministerial Session. The Conference assembled at 10 a.m* Hymn 209 was sung and Eev. Harold 'Wheen led in prayer. The Queensland Conference reciprocated -fraternal greetings and agreed to the trans - ier of the Eevs. H, Pennington and W. H. Howard to New South Wales in exchange for Eevs. C. E. James and S. Wright. The medical gentlemen, Drs. W. W. O'Eeilly, A. Murray Oram, and Cecil Purser, were thanked for their valuable services as referees gratuitously rendered in examining «nd reporting upon the candidates for our ministry and those for ordination, and they -were re-appointed. A Letter from Tonga. A letter from the Tongan Synod (trans lated) thanking the Conference for the appointment of the Eev. E. Moulton as chairman of the district was read and laid on the table. Old Eecords. A communication from the Eegistrar General soliciting the assistance of ministers in the furnishing of ohu^ch records of births, marriages, and deaths occurring before the year 1857, was read. Eev. W. H. Beale moved, and it was resolved to accede to the request and to take steps to provide the information desired. Eepsrts of the committee of discipline -were presented and dealt with. Afternoon Session. The Conference assembled at 2.30 p.m. Eev. E. Sellors, D.D., took the chair. Mr. Peake offered prayer. - The daily record was read. Eev. E. Caldwell, Treasurer of the Child ren's Fund, presented the balance- sheet. It was carried ; the thanks of the Conference were presented to the Eev. E. Caldwell and Mr. E. S. Callaghan, J.P., for their valuable services as Treasurers, and that they be re appointed. 1 Church Property. The report ot the Property Secretary wa8 presented. The total value of properties amounts £534 16s 3d ; the debt on September 30th last amounted to £205,099. New erections and- improvements amount to £5,132, which added to a reduction of the debt, amounting to £1,351, showing a property improvement to the extent Of £6,483. Erections. The following erections ha*ve been com pleted during the year : — Churches : Ourim bah (purchase), cost £15, debt £12 ; Burren dulla, cost £295, debt £120 ; Parkes, cost £1048, debt £517 ; Spring Side, cost £100 ; Unkya, cost £100 ; Forest Hill, cost £74. Parsonages : Bourke, cost £281, debt £239 ; Cobar, cost £298, debt £207 ; Hillgrove, cost £263, debt £227 ; Diniliquin, cost £524, debt £290. School: Blayney, cost £100, In course of Erection : Coonamble — Parson, age. Improvements, Eepairs, ane Enlarge ments. Sydney West District, £165 Is 6d ; Sydney East District, £312 14s 4d ; Bathurst Dis trict, £503 8s 4d ; Maitland District, £426 8s Id ; Armidale District, £74 15s 2d^ Grafton District, £227 5s 3d ; Goulburn District, £76 10s 3d; Eiverina District, £146 19s 9d ; total— £1933 2s 8d. The Rev. James Woolnough, Property Secretary, was thanked for his services during the year, and he was re-appointed. Thanks were presented to Mr. Bailey, of Singleton, for a gift of a church and site; to Mr. E. Wild, Manly, for a church site at Greendale ; to Mr. Secombe, for Bite .at, Cowlong in the Lismore Circuit. ' 'Vr f Thanks were also presented to Eev. G.' O. Cocks for the assistance rendered by him to the Property Secretary. Eev, G. Lane presented the report of the Custodian of Deeds, which was adopted.1 The following trusts have been during the year registered under the new Model Deed :i Windsor, Hexham, Tinonee, Nyngan. The; custodian has received and registered deeds from Springside, Adelong, Forest Hill,! Thirlmere, Hillgrove, Cobargo, Helsarmel, Queanbeyan, Termeil, Blayney and Cow long. New trustees have been duly regis tered for trusts at Canterbury, Lower' Hawkesbury, Croydon, Stanmore (church and parsonage), Arncliffe, Grafton, Parra matta, Cobar, Tarro, Tempe Park, Newtown, Coonamble, and Greta. The final settlement of the Queanbeyan Church, school, and parsonage lands, which I have been endeavouring to secure for nearly ten years past, is now an accom plished fact. The .deeds of grant for the two acres have been issued and are now in my custody. The only other church properties of any importance, for which we have not yet obtained the deeds, are the Windsor, the MoorfieldB, the Wallalong, and the Sydmouth Valley, church lands The deeds for the Braidwood Church site are missing. They have never been in the possession of the Custodian of Deeds, but were supposed to be in the parsonage, Goulburn. x ; The Eev. G. Lane was re-appointed Custodian of Deeds. . He presented the: report whioh was adopted. Thanks were presented to the Eev. G. Lane for his invaluable services, and to Eev. J. K Turner for the assistance rendered to the custodian. Many representatives from the : city and country p&id; tributes to his invalu able services. The Eev. C. J. Prescott thought that something more substantial should be done as an acknowledgement of Mr. Lane's work. He favoured a small subscription from every trust in the colony. Mr. Lane, while thanking the Conference for its kindness, could not in the light of the trust responsi bilities accept any Buch gift. Eesolved that the Custodian of Deeds be authorised to obtain suitable premises for office purposes. Memorials. The Committee on Memorials reoom mended that no action be taken in the matter of the separation of Granville from the Liverpool and Granville Circuits. The Bega Quarterly Meeting memorial, referring to the furnishing and repairs of parsonage, was not sustained. The trustees of the Parramatta Churoh memorialised the Conference with refer ence to the existing debt upon that property. The matter was referred to the Executive Committee. 'The Home Deparnment,' Eev. E. H. Eickard explained the work ings of what in America is known as ' the Home Department ' of Sunday-school work. He moved that this Conference recommends all its ministers and Sunday school workers to establish Home Depart ments in connection with all schools where practicable, and that a committee be nomi nated by the President to frame suitable regulations. Carried. Eev. J. Beale brought under the notice of the Conference the importance of the visitation ot public schools, and moved to direct attention of superintendents and leaders, meetings to the importance of appointing where necessary and possible suitable lay agents to give religious instruc tions in public schools. Eev. W. H. Williams said in his circuit they had a plan by which all the Protestant ministers— excepting the Anglican — carried out the work effectively. Temperance. Eev. F. Duesbury, Secretary of the Tem perance Committee, presented the report. It referred with regret to the failure of the Hon. J. Cook's bill to pass during the sessions of the late Parliament, also to' the valuable missions conduoted by the Eev. L. Isitt. The report was adopted. Eesolved that the catechisms whioh are published re scientific |temperance (instruc tion be used in our Bands of Hope. The Conference also discourages providing of more entertainment at their meetings. Eesolved that wherever practicable in all our circuits a temperance committee be organised. Eesolved that the annual temperance meeting be restored to the list of public meetings held during the Conference ; that the Eevs. F. Duesbury and J. Woodhouse be the representatives of the qjiurch on the council of the Local Option League ; that this Conference accepts the platform adopted by the united temperance bodies in this colony and earnestly supports the principle of Local Option without compensation - that it reminds our people of the obligation as Christian citizens to use the municipal Local Option vote to prevent the increase licenses. The Conference thanked the Eev. F. Duesbury for his valuable services and adjourned at 5-42. ELEVENTH DAY— SATURDAY. Ministerial Session. (Saturday Morning.) The President took the chair at 9 o'clock. Prayer was offered by the Rev. W. H. George. The daily record was read. The Ex-president reported the receipt of a letter from the Rev. Warren Henry stating that the prospect of any improve ment of his health was more remote than ever. The Conference resolved that a letter of sympathy be sent to Mr. Henry in his affliction. The report of the Committee of Discipline was read. Representative Session. Assembled at 10 a.m. Prayer was offered by Mr. Jabez Carr. Distribution Committee. The Ex-president presented the report of the Distribution Committee. The following grants were recommended for 1898:— For Circuits, — Glebe, £32 ; West End, £50 ; Darling-street, £45 ; Liver pool, £16.; Windsor, £12 ; Katoombo, £20 ; Cleveland-street, £20 ; Mt Lach lan, £20 ; Randwick, £36 ; Koaarah, £16; Mauly, £28; Milton, £28; Cowra, £20; Grenfell, £10; Molong, £20; Rystone, £32 ; Oberon, £20 ; Sunny Corner, £40 ; Lithgow, £10 ; Forbes, £16 ; Bourke, £32 ; Coonamble; £28 ; East Maitland, £8 ; Wallsend, £16 ; Murrundi, £12; Dungog, £24; Manilla, £20 ; Narrabri, £20 ; Brushgrove, £20 ; Gladstone, £22 ; Port Macquarie, £32 ; Maclean, £32 ; Casino, £60 ; Ballina, £24 ; Crookwell, £16 ; Yass, £16 ; Gunning, £12 ; Queanbeyan, £20 ; Robertson, £24 ; Moruya, £16 ; Junee, £20 ; Adelong, £24 ; Deniliquin, £12 ; Hay, 20; Narrandera, £16 ; Coolamon (new station), £16 The total estimated income for 1897 was £3095 3s 6d, and the amount paid to circuits in grants, £1324. The balance, £2195 13s 9d, included Working Expenses £364 17s 2d, Connexional Expenses £39 17s Od, district expenses £60 17s lOd, interest on legacies, salaries, and grants to the Centenary Hall, and sundry expenses. On the motion of Rev. J. E. Car ruthers it was resolved that the married minister be sent to Casino instead of to the Bellinger River, and that the grants recommended by the Distribution Com mittee be adjusted accordingly. Rev. J. E. Carruthers pointed out that the estimated income of the Society was based on the expectation of an in crease ot at least £250 in the voluntary income from special lectures in the circuits. He appealed to the members of the Conference to support this par ticular effort, or they might find a deficiency at the end of the year. The Distribution Committee referred the cases of Revs. John Thomas and George Williams to the favourable con sideration of the Conference, and it was resolved, owing to the special circum stances in which these ministers had been- placed, to* make a grant of' '£20 to each of them. , . ' The Methodist ' and ' Epworth.' Rev. Paul Clipsham presented the financial statements of the connexional organ, The Methodise, and of the Ep worth Printing and Publishing House. Rev. Dr. Brown said they must all congratulate the Epworth i and its manager upon its very . successful year's workiog, showing a profit of £490. He thought, however, that something should be done to alter the relation of the manager to their connexional funds. After some conversation it was re solved, on the motion of Mr. W. Robson, ' That the affairs of The Methodist and Epworth be referred to a committee to report to the Conference at a later stage.' Children's Fun The Rev. R. Caldwell stated the position of the case of the Rev. A. Douglas. He moved that the sum of £50 be remitted to the Queensland Con ference on account of the Rev. A. Douglas' claim. Rev. G. Lane seconded. Rev. W. H. Beale opposed the pro posal and moved as an amendment that no sum be paid to the Queensland Con ference on account of the Rev. A. Douglas. After some debate the amendment was lost and the motion of Rev. R. Caldwell carried. The Children's Fund levy was discussed. Affiliated College. Rev. C. J. Prescott presented the report of the above. Book Depot. Rev. Wm. Clarke, Book Steward, presented the cash account. Rev. G. Lane was thankful for the successful conduct of the business of the Depot. Not many business houses had come through such a year as the past had been so satisfactorily. They had a magnificent site aud splendid premises, and they owed all thanks and praise to their excellent and faithful manager, Mr. J. Corbett. ? Rev. W. Clarke also presented the trust accounts of the Depot. Thanks were presented to Rev. W. Clarke, Book Steward, and to Rev. Jos. Spence and Mr. P. Miller, J. P., for their services as auditors. Ministerial Sessions. Resumed at 12.40. Reports or the committee of discipline were dealt with, and the plan for next day's services was re-arranged. Ladies' College. . The Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A., pre sented the report, which was as follows : ' The work of the college for the year has been very satisfactory. In all departments good results have been obtained, some of these being tested by examinations, some in other ways. Seven candidates passed the Junior examination, and of these, one, Miss B. Holloway, gained the medal for music, and one, Miss M. Hagan, that for French. Four passed the Senior exam ination ; 16 passed the various examina tions of Trinity College, London, in musical theory. Four passed the examinations in pianoforte of the Sydney College of music, and nine the similar examinations of the Australian Musical Association. Two matriculated at the University in March, 1897, and proceeded to their -Arts course. , A former . pupil, Miss G. Bavin, passed the last examination for her B.A. degree in December. Three of the present or former kindergarten students had passed parts of the exam ination required by the training board of teachers. Reading, writing, mapping and needlework were tested by compe titions at the end of the year, and excellent collections of scientific speci mens- — rocks, fossils, shells, and pressed flowers and ferns— were made by several pupils. Various books of the Bible have been studied, chiefly by the aid of the Cambridge Bible for schools, Some excellent paintings and drawings were made by the students. Special efforts have been made to correct the drawl, nasal twang, and incorrect pronuncia tion so common among young people. A book club exists for the voluntary study of superior literature for the older girls. The general tone has been very good, and the influence of many of the senior pupils a powerful factor for good. Mrs. Lukey and Mr. Hardy, with others, contributed generously to the prizes, and Mr. Ducker has promised a special prize of £10 10s this year, in memory of his excellent wife. The dux of the school was Miss S. H. O'Reilly. Be sides the compulsory Scripture classes, a voluntary class is conducted weekly for the boarders, for the cultivation of the spiritual life, which has been attended by the majority of those in residence, and several of them are regular, devout, and intelligent communicants at the Lord's . table. Not the least interesting feature in the Burwood Church is the group of young faces turned Sunday by Sunday towards the preacher, and the smaller group of those found month by month reverently kneeling by the sacramental rail. Rev. G. Lane moved . the thanks of the Conference to Mr. Prescott. He said they could not have too high a.n estimate of the value of Mr. Prescott's services. Very many families felt a great debt of gratitude for the moral as well as the educational influences exer cised by him. He was doing a very valuable work and making considerable sacrifices for the good of the church Mr. J. Parker seconded. Rev. C. E. James supported. Carried with accla mation. The President, in presenting the vote, said that Mr. Prescott took as deep a personal spiritual interest in the Welfare of the boarders as any minister could possibly do. Rev. C. J. Prescott said he was well supported by a very good teaching staff, and a singularly loyal and able com mittee. The committee of the college was re appointed. TWELFTH DAY.— MONDAY. Representative Session. The Conference assembled at '10 a.m. Rev. A. J. Webb offered prayer. The motion appointing the Revs. J. Duesbury and J. Woodhouse to the council of the Local Option League was rescinded with a view to the appoint ments being made by the Temperance Committee. Rev. W. H. Beale moved, and it was resolved, that Drake and Tooloom be included in the Tenterfield circuits, and that Tabulam be included within the boundaries of the Casino circuit. Sydney West District recommended, and it was resolved that it be a direction to stewards to insure parsonage furni ture. The recommendation of the Bathurst Synod, that in our general returns a separate column for local preachers on trial be included, was not sustained. It was resolved that enquiries be made during the year with a view to obtaining information with reference to a scheme for Connexional Fire Insurance. A com mittee of three ministers and three lay men was appointed by the President. The Riverina Synod recommended (slightly amended) that the Property Secretary be instructed to forward to superintendents in triplicate schedules of Church property, one each for the Financial Synod, Property Secretary,; and the Circuit, was upheld. Conference Public Meetings. ? The Sydney West District Synod recommended that the public meetings in connection with Conference should be held in different churches or public halls in order to prevent serious interruption of business. This was rejected, and the committee of recommendation proposed that the meetings be held in the follow ing order: — 1 Foreign Missions. 2 Sustentation Society. 3 Love Feast. 4 Ordination Services. 5 Sunday-school Union. 6 Christian Endeavour Rally., This was carried. Upon this the Rev. J. E. Carruthers moved, — 'That, in addition to the above, the C.E. Society's meeting be held during Conference, on the second Saturday evening.' Rev. G Brown, D.D., moved as an amendment, and Rev. Harold. Wheen seconded; the elimination of the words 'second Saturday evening.' The amendment was lost, and the motion of the Rev. J. E. Carruthers was carried. It was further resolved on the motion of Rev. W. H. Beale that the President of the Conference shall preside at the Endeavour rally. Delegate to British Conference. Rev. Frederick Langham (Fiji), who is proceeding to England for the purpose of „ completing the issue of a revised version of the Fijian Scriptures, was unanimously appointed representative of the Conference to the British Confer ence. Mr. Langham thanked the Confer ence. Early Church Records. The committee on early records and Methodist history was further requested to secure, as far as possible, the original documents containing such history, with all other available material bearing on the same, and that superintendents were authorised to provide the committee with books and documents, in their respective circuits. Supernumerary Fund. t Rev. J. E. Carruthers, one of the C Conference treasurers, presented the report of the Supernumerary and Minis ters' Widows' Fund. It showed the , amounts received from the districts as , £2087. The report was adopted. , : The neglect of the Victorian treasurers ' in supplying information for the use of ; representatives was commented upon. 1 Other members of the Conference passed ' severe strictures upon officers of the j Fund who are borrowers. It was stated thatmany Victorian ministers are borrow- ' ers from the Fund. ! Mr. W. Robson, J.P., presented the report of the committee of advice. It 1 showed that 5£ per cent, had been ' obtained upon investments made in ; New South Wales. Mr. Robson recom mended that half the capital of the fund be invested in this colony. The sum of £8756 is at present invested in New South Wales. Methodist Aggression. Mr. W. Robson, J.P., moved, ' That a committee, to be nominated by the President of the Conference, and to be composed of an equal number of ministers and laymen, be appointed by this Con ference, such committee to be called the Committee of Methodist Aggression. Such committee shall sit during the year, with a view to obtaining infor mation and preparing proposals touching the position and prospects of our church within the metropolitan area of Sydney. The report of the proceedings of such committee to be presented to the next meetings of Sydney Synods, and to the Representative Sessions of next Confer ence.' Such a committee he said, should be representative of city circuits, who know what the requirements of the city are. Rev. A. J. Webb seconded and it was caried nem con . Afternoon Session. The Conference re-assembled at 2.30. Rev. J. Hopkins offered prayer. Resolved that collections be made during the year in aid of.the Foreign. Missionary 1 and Church Sustentation Societies and the Theological Institution. District Synods. Resolved that the District Synods for, 1891 commence in the week beginning Sunday, Nov. 20th. York-st. Affairs. Rev. A. J., Webb brought up the report of the committee. The financial state of the mission was carefully gone into with a view to certain rearrange ments, the matter was again remitted to the committee. Local Preachers' Association. The report was brought forward by the Rev. C. W. Graham, and was adopted. Regret was expressed at the paucity of attendance of those for whom ;he association was formed, and it was lecided to disband for the present. Sabbath Observance. Rev. W. Hill moved, that this Con ierence of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, now assembled in Sydney, deplores the fact that the Parliament and Government of New 3outh Wales have imposed so much additional work upon its employees by cunning special trams to the Zoological Gardens, excursion trains to the country districts, and by employing steamers to convey pleasure parties to the Hawkes burv River on the Lord's Day, believing, as it does, that it has a demoralising effect upon the people, and that it is injuring the Sabbath Schools by tempt ing the scholars to mis-spend their Sunday. This Conference is also of opinion that the opening of the ZoologicaL Gardens on Sundays was a serious mis take that is being attended by disas trous results, and that there was no necessity for it, as the people have many opportunities for visiting places of entertainment on other days than Sun day. It is also within the knowledge of this Conference that many tramway and rail way men would be thankful for the Day of Rest, and we regard it as an infringe ment of their liberty, and a denial of their sacred rights, to deprive them of the opportunity of going with their families to public worship. He said the directors of the Gardens had calculated the attendance on Sunday afternoon was 10,000. This would require fifty trams to be run on the Sabbath for their conveyance, He referred to the special excursion^ to the Hawkesbury River. Ten years ago . Mr. Sutherland, the then Minister for Works, in answer to a question, had given the returns for four weeks in relation to Sunday travelling in' Novem ber, 1887 : — November 6 : Travellers by tram, 55,000 ; number of men em ployed, 432; amount of fares, £66 November 13: Number travelling, 28,000 ; men employed, 407 ; fares, £50. November 20 : Travellers, 56,000; men employed, 429 ; fares, £110. No vember 27 : Travellers, 55,000 ; men employed, 418 ; fares, £40. That was eleven years ago, and the figures had been greatly increased since then, and the churches laid themselves open to the prophet's rebuke of being dumb. In stead of warning the people agaipst travelling in public conveyances, they were now advising them to abstain from unnecessary travelling. The ministers should themselves be an example in this case. Much evil was wrought for want of thought. Boswell once asked John son : ' Is not Foote an infidel? ' ' Yes,' said Johnson, ' he is an infidel, for the same reason as a dog is an infidel — he has never thought about the matle'r.' He feared their ministers and people did (Continues on page 10.) (Continued from page 7). hot think of this grievous injury that was being done to those who were com pelled to work on the Sabbath. He had been 43 years in the colony and no bus, nor tram, nor train had ever taken him to an appointment nor brought him home again. This old institution given in Eden in a world of innocence is much more needed in a world of sin. They should discourage the custom of Sunday visiting. Let them not deteriorate in their loyalty to this Sabbath institution, but like a Stradavarius violin, improve with age. The reason they had so many ' oncers ' was because so much Sunday visiting was done. They said the trains would run whether they travelled or not, but they would not run if they did not patronize them. What were their colleges and schools if they were a nation of Sabbath-breakers ? What had been called the ' magic fountain ' that renewed the youth, that made old men young again, was the blessed Sabbath. Eev. B. J. Meek regretted that the statements concerning the breaking of the Sabbath were only too true. He moved, however, the following resolution ' This Conference, deeply convinced of the Divine obligation of the Lord's Day as the Christian Sabbath, and the im portance to families and nations of its due observance, strongly urges all Methodist people to maintain the utmost fidelity to the requirements of the sacred day by conscientious abstinence from secular engagements and unnecessary travelling and by careful attention to all religious duties.' This was carried. On the motion of the Rev. James Woolnough, the resolution making the travelling expenses of the deputations to circuits a charge upon the central fund, was rescinded, and it was decided that the present method is to be continued. Conference adjourned at 5.30 p.m. A brief ministerial session was then held. Evening Session. The Conference met at 7 p.m. Mr. H. Fleming offered prayer. Mr, R. S. Callaghan, J.P., moved, and it was resolved, that the treasurers of the Centennial Thanksgiving Fund be empowered to suggest in the circular to be sent out to those whose promises remain unfulfilled that amounts still unpaid may be placed to the credit of the new Centenary Fund. A report of the committee on Balmain (Montague-street) affairs was presented b^ the Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A. The principal finding of the committee was that as no election or re-election of circuit stewards took place at the December Quarterly Meeting, there are . no circuit stewards at present legally appointed. Mr. Druce objected on legal grounds that, since the name of the steward who was in office at the time of the holding of the Quarterly Meeting, had been in office but one year, his name should have been submitted to the Quarterly Meeting for re-election. He further contended that should a minis ter's nominafion be unacceptable to the meeting, he should proceed to nominate others until the position was filled. Air. Purcell supported this view of the question. He pointed out that an absolute deadlock would occur if the Quarterly Meeting declined to elect the superintendent's nominees. The President delivered his ruling as follows : — That those persons only are legally stewards who have been elected or re-elected at the December Quarterly Meeting. , His ruling sustained the finding of the Committee. Yobk-stbeet Affairs. The report of the committee recom mended that the Central Mission have one minister, ahd that Hay-street and Pyrmont be constituted a circuit with a married minister. This was carried. Resolved that The Gazette , the organ of the Central Mission, be incorporated with The Methodist. . The question of the Medical Institute was referred to the Conference by the committee. Many members of the Conference spoke in terms of. high appreciation of the valuable work of reclamation being accomplished by the Institute. The Conference adjourned at 9.30 p.m. THIRTEENTH DAY— TUESDAY. Pastoral Session. The Conference met at 10 a.m. Rev. J. A. Waddell having, at the request of the Ex-president, prepared the Pastoral Address, it was presented by him to the Conference. After slight amendments had been suggested, the address was adopted. Rev. T. B. Holmes expressed a desire to be granted a year's rest, with a view to visiting England. He had been in the colonies for 16 years, and now wished to renew the old friendships. Permission was granted. The case of Rev. H. Woriall, a returned missionary, who desired to re turn to colonial work, was considered. Jubilee of Revs. J. Somerville and W. J. Davis. The following resolution re the Jubilee of Rev. James Somerville was submitted by the Rev. G. Lane and adopted : — ' The Conference hereby desires to offer its most sincere and affectionate congratulations to the Rev. James Somerville upon the completion of the 50th year of his ministry in the Austral asian Wesleyan Methodist Church. During the whole of this period he has carried on the work of his ministry in Ne\? South Wales, and most of it as a pioneer in laborious circuits, where his faithful and earnest labours have been highly appreciated by the people to whom . he has ministered. His blameless and consistent Christian life, and his moral and religious influence, have everywhere made for righteousness. The Conference hereby records its unfeigned desire that | his last days may be spent in hopeful i and joyous fellowship with the God of his salvation, and that when the end is reached he may receive ' the crown of life which fadeth not away.' The following resolution re the Jubilee of the1 Rev. W. J. Davis was submitted' by Rev. G-. Lane and adopted : — ' The Conference desires also to offer its most affectionate congratulations to th6 Rev. Walter James Davis upon the completion of the 50th year of his ministry in our Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, many years of which have been devoted to Foreign Missionary work in the Friendly Islands, where, as in the circuits in which he has laboured in the Home work; his pure and con sistent Christian life, his zealous, fervent ministry, his loyalty to the discipline of our Church, and his fidelity to its doctrines, have won for him the con fidence and love of our people. We pray that in the closing years of his life and ministry he may enjoy the comfort ing presence of our Heavenly Father, and at last receive an abundant entrance into the kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.' Resolved that the General Secretaries for Foreign and Home missionaries prepare a plan for deputations to circuits and that copies of their plans be for warded to superintendents of circuits. Rev. F. Colwell spoke of the difficulty that has occured in Lucknow. The lay missionary was not discharged because of his connection with the recent strike. He was physically unable to do the arduous work of the circuit, and the circuit was not financially able to con tinue the arrangement. The Sabbath school, cougregation, and Christian Endeavour have been seriously interfered with. False statements had been made in public, and a public meeting was called with the chairman of the district, Rev. W. G. Taylor, presiding, and a fair statement of our case was presented. Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A., was in the Orange Circuit a few months ago. The health of Mr. Walker was unsatisfactory then. He would recommend to Mr. Colwell that he should act strongly on the defensive. But at all costs the Work should be carried on. Rev. W. G. Taylor, Chairman of the Bathurst District sympathised with the Orange minister. He had been through all documents and circuit books, had sought information in every direction, he had twice visited the circuit in connection with the matter, and he condemned Mr.- Walker's action absolutely, and was prepared to say that Mr. Colwell's action had been that of a Christian gentleman. His° character was perfectly clear of every charge that had been made ngainst him. He had acted not only according to our laws, but also according to the laws of mercy. Rev. W. W. Rutledge said Mr. Col well had the entire sympathy of the Conference. He hoped, however, that nothing would be done to continue the fight. Rev. A. J. Webb said Mr. Colwell, whilst sympathising with the strikers, had had the excellent good sense not to manifest a partizan spirit. He advised Mr. Colwell to hold steadily on, gaining the respect of the community, and the agitation would die a natural death. Rev. W. Wall knew Mr. Walker had been a freethinker, was converted and before he had any time to prove him self, he was engaged in evangelistic work. This was where the mistake had been made. Rev. W. Clarke said no Haman ever erects a gallows for an innocent man, but that the gallows claims its rightful victim. Rev. R. Bavin said his sympathies were entirely with Mr. Colwell. Rev. Joseph Walker regretted that the name of the agitator was Walker, He had no sympathy whatever with the action Mr. Walker had taken. The Conference adjourned at 12.30. Afternoon Session. The Representative Conference met at 2 30. , Rbv. W. W. Rutledge, referring to the matter of the York-street Mission, stated that Mr. Evangelist Hutchinson had received overtures from a Congre gational Church, inviting him to take charge of a vacating pastorate. He spoke in terms of high appreciation of the character and work of Mr. Edward Hutchinson. On the motion of the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, it was resolved to record its sense of the value of the services of j&e; Rev. W. W. Rutledge, Super intendent of the Central Mission, Rev. J. K. .Tuaner, Hon. Treasurer, and the staff of thevMission. Rev. S. Wilkinson spoke of the ser vices rendered by the Mission Staff to him in his labours among the men of the Navy. Thanks were presented to Mr. P. N. Slade and R. W. J. Harley, the Auditors, to the Ladies' Auxiliary Com mittee, and the Executive of the Chil dren's Home for their valuable assistance during the year. ' The Methodist ' and Epworth Print ing and Publishing House. Rev. W. H. Beale presented the report — It was resolved that the Epworth Printing and Publishing House be created a Conference department. Also that the Editor of The Methodist, the Business Manager and the Manager of the Epworth be the same person. Rev. P. Clipsham was appointed to this threefold office. The report was adopted with certain amendments. At 5.40 the Conference adjourned. 