BELIGIOUS. The Rev. A. Neville.— By the Oruba, which arrived last night, the Rev. A. Seville returned from India for a holi av. The reverend gentleman is well iao\rn ui Aaeuuuc. as lonneny neta me juvernment contract for the supply of KKjks and papers at the railway book .tails. For tbe last six and a half years ic has represented the Victorian Baptist Missionary Society in Eastern Bengal. He ms laboured chietly at Myraensing and langail. The mission-house in \rhivh he lived was severely damaged by the earthquake which was mildly felt in Aus tralia last year. The rrnhealthwct* of the Indian climate has temporarily weakened lii^ constitution, and with his wife and two i nildren he intends to take a rest with the tope soon of resuming his missionary labours. Pentecostal League.— The annual meet ings of the Pentecostal League were held at Liiiou Hall. Fine-street, ou Friday afternoon and evening, June ?-. Addresses were given by the Rev. R. Taylor on 'The Need of ail Christians to Receive the Holy Ghost,' and Mr. G. H. Cargeeg on 'The EScou Resulting from being filled with the Spirit.' A testimony meeting was held at the even ing meeting, when the Kev. R. Taylor and others spoke on 'The Xeeii of being Fully Surrendered to God for the Enduo ment of Power by the Holy Ghost for Ef fectual h'ervice in . the Christian Life.' There were good attendances at the meet tags. Brighton ATesleyan Church.— An eioeu tiouary recital wm, yven by Yir. Edward U'-ves iu tho Brighton Town Hall on Friildv evening, June 3, in aid of the debt of tho local \\\ e&ky;&n; Church. There was a moderate attendance. Mr. Reeves chose the loiiowing subjects, aud his elocution was highly appreciated:— ''The diver.' 'Mark Twain ou things iu general,' ''One niche the hijthest.' 'Mrs. l-nr.v« at the Comity Court,'' 'The oix?n steeplechase,' and 'Love iu a balloon.' The Messrs. Gratton contributed nvo songs an«l instru mental selections during the evening. Foreign Missionary Auxiliary.— In con nection with the Archer-street Branch of; tke Lndies' Foreign ^lisrionaxy Auxiliary I a meeting was held in the Lecture Hall! on Wednesday evening, June 1. Tbe Rev. j J. Cotvpcrfhwaite.- &.A., took the chair.! Addre$aC3 were delivered by the llev. NV. : £. and -Mrs. Bromiiow on their work in ! New Guinea. There was a large audience, . whu listened with groat Interest to the ' thrilling accounts of the natives and their ; customs. Ccftce and refreshmenu were banded around. The Y.M.C.A.— There was a capital attendance at the '\Mea's Own*' meeting heid at the Y.M.C.A. on Sunday*1 afternoon, when Mr. Delehantv delivered an address on 'Success in life.' Pointing out misconceptions of success the speaker illustrated his address by the example of the Apostle Pan), the life of whom he vividly portrayed, and in on eloquent manner secured and main tained tbe interest of bin audience through out. Mr. J. J. Virgo presided, and sang a solo. Mr. 0. H. Carjtees, of Perth, who is on a visit to this city, afterwards conducted a Bible-reading. The address at the theatre in the evening was delivered by the Rev. W. A. Potts, and Mr. Toshack, from Scotland, ooutributod a k-1o. ' To night the Rev. .7. R. Wallbank is an nnuueed to conduct it meetiug for men. The sct-on-l winter lcturc wi«l be driiveretl next Thursday by the Rev. Y.. II. Dli.', on 'The Lnwlnn-ls of Scothnd.' iliuv trated by H:nc-li)iht yicwu and music by members 01 the Loihinn Club. Confirmation Service. — A confirmation sci vice in conneciion witii St. George's Cliuixh, Goodwood, was held on Thursday c\cniug, June 2. Twenty-one candidates— seven youag men and fourteen young women— were presented to the Bishop by tlr.! Rector, Uie ltev. \V. S. Moore, fcr the rite of 'the laying on of hands.' There we* a large and sympathetic congregation, who listened allcnuwly to an abie aad EiT.c-tica! mmrcKs from Dr. Manner on the i»torj and object 01 confirmation. Christian llettphysical Society. — Oa Sun d:.y inornir.2 a sen- ice was held in connec tion with the Christian Metaphysical So ciety in the 'Tiorac of Rest, VulceSeld .stttet. There was a good attendance. Mr. if. T. Glover, the Society's public hsaJer, conducted the service. In the evening ?m other meeting was held in the Society's nx-ni, Xauonal AlutuaS Cuiidings, Victoria square, v.-ltca Mr. Glover ajain conducted. TU''. room was crowded. It was announced that Dr. and Mrs. MiiU, who arc coming to Acelaide under the auspices of the Chri3 bats Metai'-hyrlcai Society, would arrive frum Meibource by the espnss on Friday mcinicg. North Adelaide Baptist Church.— On Munday c\\-enin^ the Church was crowded when a lecture was deiiverec by the l'-istor. Rev. E. H. Ellis, on 'Pieruresnac Ireland; to? Land of Scene--v, irong, and Storr.' Sixty splendid linniigiit views were shown by u lantern in «lian;e of Mr. K. B. Adamson. A musical pro gramme was rendered by Miss K!s:«» Cuap man, 'KClarney;' Mi« Olga Xieaaber, 'The eroeu little Uie;' and Mr. A. Green, 'Ole uarlin' asthore.' Mr. Louis Yeuun otticiau-d at the organ. 