Otic <>r the I<<JD<I011 flnniicinl papers, "Money," Is good enough to <11s<ukh the ohl question of trustees' JnvostincntK.ln Colouhil stocks, Ami it makes ti nolit- worthy suggestion. It Ih that cacti Co- louhil Legislature should pass 11 men sure converting oiic.lmlf of Its lnsoribctl stock— which half? by the wuy— Into u preferred stock liy making It a first charge upon the consolidated revenue; (he other half would rank as deferred slock. Then, under a new Trust 111- vestment. Act, which the House of Com mons might he graciously pleased to pass. trustees might Invest In the pre ferred stoelc. Neither a very ingenious nor j< very Intelligent scheme, The fac tor It overlooks Is posslhly one that has never presented itself to the wrlier'H mind— i.e., the impossibility of persuad ing either Caniulu or the Australian co lonies thill their national e red 1 1 requires uny such bolstering up. Mrltlsh trustees arc at present 'preclu ded by law from Investing In our stocks, ami the loss Is theirs, or rather that of t|ie Imnellelurles . under the several trusts represented. The writer declares thai the trustees are "at their wits' end to Hml suitable investment which show a yield of '2% or 2% pur cent." Vet there are Australian four and even live .per cents.— some of them wlibgood, long, healthy lives too— in the market. What, however, does it iimllcr-lo us who holds these gilt-edged ttecurllleH? It Is pretty certain thai Australians will lltul 110 more of them. Oil u three pur cent, standard we can get a great deal more money than we cure lo take. And those who o(Ter'r-li know that! It is, lmnianly .spcuk- Ing, the safest' investment in 'the world. "Money" Is, no doubt, aciuuted liy the liesl lutetitlous, hut obvloiiNly knows only one side of the question. li must try ngnlu. One hardly knows how to tnku this .announcement that Oei'iuun wnrahlpH arc coming to Austral la. . Ordinarily, we should be glad to see them. If they are anything like Mm Dcutschluud, in which Prince llonry. ls mukhig bis blond- stirring expedition to Mm Par ICast, Ihey will1 prove veritable marine curiosities to.AiiKtruihniH. Hut wo are afraid, what with the recent petition, and this ami that, Australian public sentiment Is not precisely what visitors expecting a welcome would wish Just now. There Is u danger of misunder standings, inul a feeling orirrlUiliou, which into' In fuel lie causeless, hnl there It is, ami an nfTuelatlon of ignor ing it is absurd. Probably Mm Oof- mini Consul-tieiierar for Australia .will see Ids way to advise Mie.Knlser's (Jo- vcriimcti! Muil Mm time. Is not opjmrtmid for the proposes! visit. We are all good friends, of course, ami if tlm ships come we cannot well send u."not at home" mesHuge 10 Port Jackson or I'orl Phllit|j lictuls. The sigiis on the tioi'l/on aliout which .Mr Clmiuiierlalu was talking Mm other day are d shade dimmer, It Is (rue, hut have hut yet. dis appeared. The Kaiser had Imttor.wnU till Mm clouds roll liy. .Verb sup. Kail way Commissioner, heads of branches, distinguished ami undistin guished engineers, nil. sorts mid condi tions of ollh'ials, once more stand ap palled In tin? presence of a brand new spectre.. ..Tim departmental ghosts are becoming aliirinlngly numerous. What kind or one It was who caused Mm Hiddcli's Ci'ect; accident — almost 11 tragedy — nobody within the depart ment veuturcs to say. Unhappily Mi I lay lies, the Hawthorn engineer who "laid oat" tlm Pimboohi ghost was not In Mm train litis Mute. Had he known what was going rorwanl. ho probably would have iiiaile It. a point .to attend. Ah It Is, nlas, Mie new ghost frights lite soul or a shuddering tie- pnrtiucnt, ami there is notuidy to com- fort It. Tin permanent way was good, the engine was good, everything was as It ought to be, and yet the train was tii ro>v n off Mm rails, only a wicked spoolre could lmvo done litis. Now, iliere Is one thing which Mm railway ghosts know limy may rely upon— savo only when the prank Is overdoim ami Mm coroner Intervenes — that is ample durkness to wall; In. Ultosts never by nny chance promenade in day light. The Inky darkness of 11 de partmental Inquiry - In orthodox do- piirtmental hugger- mugger - that Is what the gliosis thrive In. open In quiries are fatal to all shades ami tnys- t'eries. How long- it re -the public, to whom Mm railways . belong, going to Hlaml being humbugged? A delightful passage In Iho adven ture of Mm\hnmorfitl Private Mttl- vnney is recnlVd to-duy. While l.ru-. royd was engaged in mighty eontllct with Uenrxlcy; the swindling overseer-. of coolies. Ill lie nrMmrls, third of the "Soldiers Three," acting. as time- keep, er. iJeiir.-dcy's coolies |H»rcelvcd Muil Midr sahlli was "much more i-cd than the other." What follows! |s tohl by the coolies thus:-- SceJng this, mid fearing for bis lib— iMrcause \vu greatly loved him— sonic llfly of us made shift to ruali ujmn the redcoat. Hut a certain man — very black as to hair, and In no way eon- fused with the small man or the fat man who fought— that man. we afllrm. ran upon us. and of us be- embraced some ten or fifty In both arinn. and heat our heads together, so that our livers turned to water, and we ran away, it It not good to Interfere In the fightings or white men. The black-haired person wits, of course, tin redoubtable Mulvauoy. Although Patrick O'Gorman hadn't, anything so soft as coolies to deal with, he reminds us of Kipling's hero. The youths who wcnl Into the Hurling Club Hotel on Saturday afternoon, saying amongst themselves, "We are scvcii," imagined u vain Milng. Tim landlady's point of view, when Mm payment for drinks was In question, should not have .been iguured. Powerful alike In the justice and chivalry of his cause and In Mm quality of his muscle, O'Cormun Pin- phuslscd the rights of Mm lady, and seven young fellowa were sent, 11 mel ancholy procession, on 11 qtiest for splints and plasters. '.Itut who stubbed O'tiornmn? Let us hope that .the de tectives will yet, succeed In 'finding Unit bill. The scoundrel who uscd ii knife In Mutt seven toone light Is not fit to live. ; , , ' II Is about as dlflictilt to foretell wlml will occur iii a cricket match .between two fairly equal lenins as it is to pick on sight of Mm weights the wluimr of a great race. Saturday's phiy In the test match Is- striking evidence of .this. Among Mm hundreds of thousands of people who eagerly discussed probabili ties during tlm day or two preceding Mm commencement of play. It Is quite-safe to say thai there was not .one,, whether acquainted practically with the gaum or not, who had Mie temerity lb predict Muit ilvc of Mm lieot Imtsmeu on cither, side would be out for a mtscrnbhrthlrty- two, or six for tin Insignificant fifty' eight. Nothing less than lunacy would have been the verdict of' uny Jury em- paiumlled to determine the state of the. .mhid br. the mini who luuJ ventured to express tlm opinion that after losing six wickets— six of their ver.v Imst— for fifty- eight, the Australians wouhLwiiul up' Mm day with a record of. seven for 27u. Yet' hoi h these things happened. The six for .fifty-eight Is simply a tint f contradiction or the seven for 27 r>. No Htraw-Hplltting about the slate of tiny wicket can ever explain II; Tlm anom aly), however, served mie good purpose There is a small class' bf people wlii coiiilnuully aver .-.Hint, great crlckejj matelu'K are all "arranged." These gentry wore in the sMrrups on .Saturday/ at one o'clock, and "I told you ko,'!;.wu4 not' iiii Infrequent expression. By sixi iO'clock they were posslhly brought to1 understand thiil I here were more things in .a cricket iuateii tlum'tliey had over! even dreamt of. llut it is-too much to' expect that limy went hbiiiu chastened! and relinked. They arc not built thiil way. " . ' 