FAITHFUL PHYLLIDA. CHAPTER XIII. A STRANGE WEDDING DAY. 'Three weeks,' said Phyllida, blankly. ' Oh, yes, I suppose you can be ready in three weeks. It will be rather sharp work, though, to get your clothes.' It was a wet day, and a firo burned in the grato of tho little parlor, Juno though it ?was. Phyllida sat on the rug in front of iti as she had been used to do in Madame Konsky's day, gazing meditatively at tho flames. x ] She had boon in a droam as she watched them ; Kosalind's words brought her out of it with a jump. So in three weeks Rosalind was going to leave her and Maisie, to be a groat lady, in time to forget sho had over been Hadatno Konsky's adopted daughter and Richard Warwick's wife. Woll, tho sooner it was ovor, the sooner she could settle down to hor own lonely life. Sho would have Maisio, and Anne would bo faithful, but even so tho futui'o did not look particularly ' Clothes,' Rosalind said, turning round from the window whero sho had been watch ing Lord Ravelstou disappear in the rainy square. ' I don't want any clothes. Oosmb nays ho is going to buy me' everything in Paris.' ' . ' :..????.'.- . l'\ j Phyllida laughed. .; i ' Ho can buy you anything ho likoB,' she roturned, ' but you'ro not going' iiway from, mo witli a toothbrush , for your .only luggage'. 'Wo will begin on tho joys of your trouBseaji to-morrow.', . ,,;??, ,, j . 'I haven't any money,' wistfully, ' and I'm not going to- lot'you^speh'd'ypara bn'(inoy Phil.' '? :'. ! !0 .'Y'^-V.\'' ??-{:????? ':/ V', ''?'-'! ? ' You must,' the' younger sister returned, firmly. ' I want to give you Bomothing for a wedding present, and 'I'm going to give you clothes. Two tailor-made frocks,' checking thom off on her fingers, ' you must havo, and a toa-gown— ' Sho broko off suddenly with a dismayed face. ' Look hero, Rose, Bho cviod, ' what are you going to bo married in? Will ho expect you to wear a white gownf' ; !, ??' \ : Mrs. Warwick turned sharply to the window and looked out into the rain. .. ;; 'Yob,' she said, defiantly, :- her1 back to Phyllida, 'wo are going to bo married in church, and ho wouldn't hear of a. travelling dresR,' '?'.'? ????.''..? ? '. ? /??? ; .- ? . .; i 'Bat you; can't wear white;; widows1 don't— — she stopped. r . ' ! - '.. ; ' I know,' Rosalind returned, coolly ; 'but' you forget it is not Mrs. Warwick who's fojng to , bo married, but Rosalind May;' fader the circumstances, one whifcp gown ,' more or less can't signify,' ' : ' j ',, Phyllida moved rostlossly ; every day sho grow moro norvouB about this ma'd marringo ; ovory day, on tho contrary, Rosd . Hud's fear sank moro utterly to rost. Whdn huo was roaBSuro'd as to Stanhopo's sodrooy, and' had interviewed Anno, all her doubla vanishod. Anno, indeed, had openly scoffed at lolling Lord Ravolston anything. ? ' 'Tin ofton dono ; I'vo known girls do it,' sho hud remarked, calmly, 'and noyor!a word hinted affcorwards. And MissPhyllida'll mother tho child till you can boo your way to taking hor.' '' , 'You must havo a white ? satin . frock, thon.' Miss Blako wriggled «s if the rug ?woro not restful. 'But don't' 'havo orange1 Mosuoms, Hose ; I think they might bring bad hick.' -.;?.; .' J ' ;b v |K ' I'll havo to,' shortly. 'Ho ' might Wonder if I didn't, But a whito satin would coat poundB. Lot mo wear that ono; you cairio homo in tho other night.' ' ' ' That gown ? Oh no J it's a dancing dross,' with sharp rofuBal. No ono HhouldV oyoi'' touch the gown sho had worn to innko hor solf fair for tho last tirao for Anthony, ' You muBfc havo a propor wedding dross with a train. I don't wan't Uavolstono's relationB to think ho in marrying a beggar.' 'They won't bo thore,' Rosalind BAid, very low. ' Ho is not going to toll them anything ' about it till afterward. Thoro are only his . prothor nnd Ins si.stoi--iri-law. Xou know Lord .and Lndy Muirdalo.' ' Lady Muirdalo ! My goodnoBS I foi'gofc Lor ! Thank fortuno she isn't going to tho wodding or I couldn't go.' wW'hy? You don't know hor, do you?' with lrvely curiosity. ' '.' No,V biting hor lip ovor tho Blip. ' I'vo Boon hor though, and she saw. mo ?dahdo tho othor night,' '. ? 'Bahl bIio wouldn't know you. HavolBton eayti yoiw ,mako-up is tho ibesfc disguise lio ovor Haw. And anyhow you'll have to moot hor Bomo day.' Phyllida aroso and OKooutod a fow utopB of her most niudaoioua dnneo. ' Thai for Lady Muirdalo !' .sho oricd, dis respectfully. ' I oould got tho bolter of hor I think ; painted littlo wretch. Bui you will iavo to koop on the right aido of lior, for tlioy fitly Bho lins Idio longest totiguo in town.' Bnt Mis. 'Warwick was not paying .nuy attention, Sho wnfl plnjing a waltz on* tho ?window patio with roinarkably protty fingers that Lord Ravolston hud loadod with rings, and watching tho glfttci- and iiro of rho jowols with appreciation ho doop tin to drown any ear of her future sister-in-law. But she stopped abruptly in tho middle of a bar star ing out .into the rainy square ovor her be decked fingers. 'Phil,' she cried, 'quick, come hero! There's a man standing on the Bidewalk and his back is tho imago of-; ? Oh !' with a scream, ' the image of Richard.' ' I know j I'vo seen him,' Phil said ; 'but he isn't Richard. Ho is only a horrid imper tinent wretch who lives next door. Watch him us ho turns to go into the house,' and sho moved slowly to the window whore Rosalind stood looking wildly at a man paying a cabman in tho street below. ' There, you see,' as tho objectionable occupant of the next flat turned round and disappeared in his own doorway, 'ho isn't really like Richard. Besides, if ho is it doesn't matter! Ghosts don't get up and walk.' Rosalind turned to her. ; .'You. don't know what a horrid feeling that man gavo me,' she Raid, with pale lips. '?I fo.lt. for a moment as if I were back in Ruskington and waiting for Richard to come in and break dishes aud throw boots at mo. It made mo feel as if all this,' with a poor attempt at laughing and a look at her fingers where sapphires and diamonds shono with milky pearls and a groat firo opal, ' woro a dream, and I ? . Oh, Phil,' breaking oil; pitifully, ' you arc sure he's dead — sure, aren't you ? ' Her pale face inappropriately drawn and haggard over hor old-roso cashmoro gown aud tho jewels on her clasped hands. ?'?? ''What rubbish you'ro talking,' angrily. ' Of course I know he's dead. Who would if 'I 'didn't? F mean' — quickly — ' that having; stood on; his grayo and heard all about his' funeral and tho tombstone Mr. Martin, had' ordered for him that I simply won't allow you to bo so silly because somebody's shoul ders look like his.' Miss Blako omitted to montionthat she .had runin high-heeled shoes and her best frock after those samo shoulders for a quarter, of a mjjfl,, .( .... ?' ' i , ,,,; .,'.,? , 'It gavomo tho horrors, all the same,' sitting down by the fire with a relieved face ; ' it would you, too, if you had the horrid past th at I have had.' . . ,.i 'I can't afford horrors,' said Phyllida, boldly. ' They would play tho mischief with my dancing. Get a pencil, Rose, and lot's make a list of olothoB ; we'll have to spend all our tirno with shops and dressmakers if you want to bo ready in throo weeks.' ? But a few minutes later sho suddenly looked up from hor list. ' Rosalind, what name are you going to bo married by?' sho asked. 'Do you know it just occurred to mo.' . . 'May,'Mrs. Warwick answorod obstinately. ' Warwick is dead and buried with Richard. Why?' ? 'I thought you might go back to Blako. Mr. Dare you see knows my name is Blake.' 'Mr, Daro need never kno\y I'm going ^to be married' at all. 'It won't ocour to him when lio sobs that Lord Ravolston has ''mar; ried a Miss May that it oould have anything to do with common ' people like us. ' .' You haven't told him P' ' ! ' ; 1 Phyllida shook hor head. . , . , , ' ' ' ,,i;ijVj:^^.n:^;!J8^!.(^p.ii^»'-.«gb|fci'' f she' fla^- unh ^willingly, ?'')but'it'seomBK risfcjr somehow.' \ The'.1 wedding day 'dawniod in l'ain, straight, unrelenting : and' it found the bride in tears '' watching ; the, weather. Sho had never imagiriod what a wrench it would be to leave Maisie, and sho sat huddled ovor tho child in ;a disconsolate dressing-gown heap. It would bo a mouth, perhaps two, boforo sho oould have hor with hor. Sho kissed Maisio's palo gold curls with dospoiring passion. ; ''My Maisie,' sho sobbed. 'Oh, Maisio, you won't forgot mo, will you ?' , . ?' Lovp ' mamma' bost,' returned the child, stolidly. ' Lot mo down, Woso.' ' .' , '? ' Don't cry so, Roso ; sho doesn't mean it,' Philsaid- softly,' with her own. hand' on- the mother's, hair, that was as soft' and curly as thoscliild'si 'And it's, bost1 she. takes itliko this ; othorwiso wo novoi' oould manage her. Do you kiiow,' artfully^' that your Wedding gown isn't hows' yot? And you aro1 to bo married at twelve.' ' J'doii't oaro,' said tho future Oountdss of Ravolston, oroBsly, '? if it novor ooraoB. Get ting marriod'is hprrid.' But sho dried her maternal tears and roso from hor broakfast to look out for tho^dross makor's boy and his boxes. ' ' 'Novor triod it' ('and probably novor would'), in unuttored paronthosis. ' But you oan't sit horo and have twolvo o'olook come and no gown. Lond mo youv old macintosh and I'll tear down 'to Madaaio Miloooto's in a cab and got it. '''Iwon't belong. I've got my dross on, so that i£ anything goes wrong, or I'm dolayod, I oould inoot you at St. Stophon's Church.' ' Oh, but if you aro dolayod, ray gown will bo too, and I can't 'bo'married without it,' orio'd tho brido, dolofully. -' And you must got baolc j what oould provont you ?' ' Nothing I' Sho buttoned Rosalind's mackintosh ovor hor soft blue frook, aiid fingorod hor toquo doubtfully. It was silly to wear a toque mado of tullo and violots ofl a, ?foggy morning,' butthero might bond fciniO:to. dross whon sho camo back. ']?'??? ?;''' ' If I find your gown has boon sont off ( to you, and it's toot lato for mo to got baok to dross you. mind you start without mo, and I'll moot you at the church. But I'm suro I'll bo bnok horo.' Something made hor stoop and kiss Rosalind. ' Absurd as it was, when she would seo hor again in an hour. And thon she ran Rightly downstairs. Roso's shabby old water proof crowned ?incongruously ? with tho moBt exquiBito o£ wodding bonneta. ? ' Rosalind stood looking after hor far a long momont, Sho had _ 7 hover lovod Riohard Warwick, she loved Lord Ravolston with all hor hpart j but, in Bpfto of that hor marriago morning was bittor to hor. - - - - 11 1 buliovo I'm a fool to loavo Phil for any man,' 'sho thought, ' but it's only for a littlo. I'll havo hor again.' : .Wifcli April lears in lior byos, sIio raovod away 'from- tho door as tho ibpll rang Hhai'ply. Who oould it bo ? Suroly ho t Ravolston I If it avoi'o, ho must not como in i it was unlucky. But it was not Ravolston — only a boy, with two cardboard boxes. 3ho pulled oil tho covcra and looked at -hoir contontn with a cry of rapturo, for tho lii'Ht timo that day. Uncling isomo joy in hor wodding. Tho first box hold a marvollo\iB bouquot of flowoi-H for tho brido, lilieH of tho yalloy, and oramjo IjIohhoiiih; their Hcont ^lod tho tiny uitting-room. .Thu Hocond hold /Iowovh for tho bridoHiuuid, masHos of violotw and palo pink roHOH. How had EavolHtoii kuowu violota woro Phyllidu's ilowor ? 'Put them where they'll be cool, Anne,' ordered the bride, after two comprehensive sniffs, 'and— oh! there's the bell again.' Anno came in after a brief absence bearing n huge cardboard box. . ' 'X'is your dreBB,' sh«j cried, outtiug tho string. 'And Miss Phyllida's gone all for nothing.' Sho held up the gown, and tho two stood looking at it in silence. Phyllida had spared no expense. Tho whito satin skirt hung lustrous in Anne's hand, its silken sheen only broken by great true-lover's knots embroi dered in .pearls and silver spangles ; the bodice all worked in silver thread veiled with lace that had cost a fortune. In one thing Phyllida had had her wiiy, there was no tawdry imitation orange blossoms on the gown, none in tho box to catch the shoor. white tullo veil for Rosalind's head. If it had not been for Ravclston himBelf thore would not have been ono of those flowers which only maids may wear, in all Rosalind's ' Anno,' Rosalind said, slowly, ' do you think I'll bo punished for thiB ?' ' Punished for what ? For not telling about what's gone.' Tho stout maid looked with lovo at her fair, slight mistress. ' Don't think .about it,' she said with a Kind of itn pressivenesB that lent weight to her words ; ' forgot it all, For if you bo having itin your mind all tho time, others will know it. You forget it, and 'twill all bo well.' But it was not easy for Richard Warwick's widow to forgot, witli Richard Warwick's child watching with great eyes while her mother drosBed for the wedding whoro tho brido would carry tho white blossoms of an innocent life. ' I wish Phil would hurry — what can bo keeping her ?' she said pettishly, as she began at last it fasten her lovely gown. ' Anno, do -yon think you can fasten my veil tor mor Pliil might have been hero to do it !,' ' ' She said sho might bo lato, my denrio ; and wo can't wait for hor .a minute. His lord ship's carriage is waiting, and it's just on twolve. Miss Phyllida must have been delayed, and gone straight to tho church.' ' I think she might havo come back,' Rosalind said, with trembling lips. 'I'm ready, Anno.' ' You enn't go down stairs liko that, dearie, unless yon want every child in tho street to follow you to church.' ?. ' Oh, no !' In dismay. ' Cover mo up in something j give me that black lace of Miss Phil's tor my head — that old black cloak of mine — anything !' When all her bridal whito waB hidden, sho led tho way downstairs. Anne, coming bohind with Maisio and tho flowers, would not for worlds havo said what was in her mind — that Mrs. Warwick looked more liko a mourner going to a funeral than a bride to her wedding. ... (To ha continued.') 