[?] l^p®pllj.l®^*^r m^mmw£Set»!tn . CHAPTER XH. THXT BOIXC HA.VE THJOB SECBSXS. ^be time came when Finnie could mov» araendtiiehotise, and he fretted not a Ut ti» me to his fntnre coarse. It never occurred *a»Wm, or his friends, that he would retora ?tft&eschooL; At that institution there was Ifetfechanga. The Tiger never inquired, for- . IWi hi ij; j»- may possibly have known— Hie mnwinof knowing snob, things at the cora sand of this wealthy Spaniard were far Creator than that possessed by the city — mutual mm; and it was an exceedingly icmcms tact— as stated by the chief of police — 4bat8panaro bad gone oh to flie Chamber ^fOonmraroe once, as a total stranger, and vade a small fortune. He sold -fatnres' in ?mwnto. Three days after, a sailing packet came with the news that consols had drop yaajto such an extent that Spanero reaped a jpvat harvest. It was secretly understood . . ikatinsmae way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, bat not the slightest clue could be obtained as to tfcaiiiilnui of this interest. These weekB were not without events. Dm man who fcept the restaurant from whence the Tiger's meals were brought, had m. little private office* in. the rear corner. ? '9ns «maU room was noticeable on account «tf its bareness, the' furniture consisting of *wo fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. mVkad bat one window, and that was un warnHy high and small. If there were any rfnirr to store tilings in this little den it most; fame been in the wall by secret panel, for mat even a box rested npon the floor. There was a door leading into the restaur ant* and another opening to the alley at the avar. These doors are taimmed with spring lacks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem tobave, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in accidentally re peated the accident. There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a nar room in the next building, connected by sawing door. This side of tjie square ex tended into the disreputable district, a sort mt tineves1 quarters. Every city has such ?actiuns. and usually in close proximity to ' tt* respectable city. In this building a part ot the history we awe narrating transpires. A£l o'clock in ?timmonahg, two of the most interesting iritawactars it will ever be our misfortune to ?Mat oecapy the grimy and insecure chairs ?Motioned as the furniture of the private nom. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and fjjjgjhbare forehead were surmounted with ?closely cropped covering of hair— a style aotat aft* in vogue at that tame. This man' -was probably forty-five years of aga The lace was broad and brown, leathery, and Snescather than wrinkles crossed it, pat inas of passion and sensuality. -Bat his ?BOOtfa was not thick and animal, on the motxary itwasthin, somewhat broad, and fcitananly determined. If the reader basin ?bind a picture of Spanero, let ihisindivid imI be the contrary in feature. Hewasnn ^ar tight, but stoutly built. His clothing mmn of dark gray staff, old and greasy, and Sns bands clumsy and repulsive. He was a powerful man and a character, A candle was flaring in the room ona dtimney cornice, and cast an nnhealthy and ??favorable light upon this person and bis cwnpanion The latter was gaunt, tall and aqgular. Gbast sunken, bald bead, always cornered by a, consumptive-looking old wreck cf * cap; ho was of ashen-gray countenance, large; red-streaked eyes. When iie moved, Sus limbs moved only. His nose was slight-. ly Bomanized, and his teeth were waiting Star the dentist of the future. He was a *f«H«, repulsive-looking creature, whom yon ?mold rather not meet in the night vriOioat your club and a reliable dog. -Andyet, when bespoke, you listened to a ?aft, kindly voice— a voice which you would aayyonhad beard before; and you would xaasack memory to find fee owner of ih* -original— among all the gentlemen you had net in the past. On his feat were sheep akin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. Sib gaunt, thin-faced ««?»? I™*! a bad. graveyard cough. ?fldnnna see, Stab, what ye do wP that amgh whin ye're oot, monf said the short ??an, whose name, so far as Boston culture «otdd inform us, was 'Speters.' 'What would I be doing with anything tfcwtldidnt want?' : -**Wbab wnd unymon be doon wT it— wbn, aw, ynd shut it up.' *?«b, X do Ant it up— and with tfaisf ?aid Stub, bis lank face and large eyes aglow awfce brought forth a small vial filled with \--. pallets. . 'Tin what mat it be flratf ss&ed; That is the God that I worship. I am «afe when that is with me, and in danger when it {snot.' **Hn it doont Ink like opum.' \- **But it comes 46rom opium,' replied Stub, *ao they tell me, and it works mighty quick, too, for in ten minutes I feel it tingle, and «a twenty it puts iron in my blood.' 'But, mon, it will kill thoo.' 'Cant do it too' soon, Spetors, I would sot mind that, bat tie sfeoste white. I UrmV 'You're cracken in yor oopar story— *m 31m better lure it aloon.' **I believe you, Speters. Imetapairof Iotbte the other nignt, and in iny inmd was a» dream of what took my chOd from me years ago— andl looked up, and sure enough -then was my child what was drowned— as ?^aslifo,justasldr*amed.' **Thnt shoos that ye wont last much long* \- ?'Your right again, jtor, upon my soul. 1 aww before me niy own picture, as I was * ?pod hMMgitig to my mother^* apron rfrtwgr jfaokl CSamhridBa,» . ' . ?. ^. .... ^y- ??Yudid! And what did ya say to yer eelffaskedSpetere, with B^rin which call ed up the idea of a graveyard. 'Ididntsayawordto myself. I looked at myself andmyself looked at me! and npon my soul if myself didnt faint away!' . 'Unwedoon't blame myBelffor that,'8ug- gastedSpetera. 'IH AITOTHEK MOMENT THE TWO JffEJT WEBS DHJQIKGIS APASSA.GEWA.T THE DQtEC TEJIT OF WHICH WAS TOWABO THE VOVKO AHOK OF THE ' SCHOOL BUttWNG.' ' 'But what bad I to do with it? If it was ? lad, why should be tumble over?' 'Sure an1 wouldn't y«r dooty kUl a man at close quarters!' Stab opened his thin jaws and. took a pOl into his mouth, and smacked his lips. 'It was a ghost, Bpeters— I know them, there was no one there.' 'An' ynr not afraid nv 1101?' 'Afraid, man? Why man, what cares n man who has nothing to live for? Live for what I get? No, Speters, no, there is no fear to a man who don't care when he tom- bles off the wharf.' 'Why dont you tumble yourself ofiEf said Speters. 'Because I havent killed a Spaniard yetr replied Stub. T-fiev a care, Stub,' said the other, with a heavy frown. 'He v a care about the Span yard. Onr.mon be a Spunyard.' 'And X knew that, too— or I wouldn't have been here.' Ann go the interesting twain sat and talk ed for a quarter of an hour longer. It is not hard to see that Stub has been a man of parts. His language has but a slight aux tore of dialect, and even at this tune accent and pronunciation pointed to no inconsider able culture. The thieves vocabulary bad' not yet been invented. But the language of Spetors was stfll more of e panda— simply because fais iVwT««*- was strained, and evi dently a poor attempt to reach tito North England type. With all the depravity evi dent in the make up of Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the most des perate villain of the two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the lock,' and the Tiger entered. „ He glanced at Stub a moment, and turn ing to Speters, said: 'Isthisthemanf 'The man' had bis cold, steel-gray eyes on the Tiger. It was not the glance that he had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It bad something of strength in it. He^took another pilL 'This is the man,' replied Speters. 'And has he done bis work to-night?' 'Befoorweahnswer thut. cap,' said the short, stout villain, bringing bis mmfli,- ser pent eyes npon the Tiger, 'we will talk m soomthing ulse.' ? 'Well, talk of what you want to, but get off from that brogue and do your practicing on the devil.' . 'That is all right, sr;bnt that is not. what I have to say,' returned the villain, j-hnvrging his method of speech. 'If you have anything you wish to say be- . fore this man; go ahead.' 'It is before this very- man,' said Spetem, sullenly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting uponhis face. *'Driv«on,'he muttered. 'All I have to say is a deva of alitHe. It isthat we want to know the bilk in Che gutter for us.' 'Have you not been well paid for yonr services?' 'Noo, we ha* newt' 'Dont you get this d ? d croak's neat for nothing?' said Spanero. 'Whuto' that! Her ye not crooked ta» bgk o1 thousands here theeeei'f ' 'Do I not pay yon well for running this cootBhopf 'An hev ye notyer oon spun in the dish.?* 'Well, out with it, man,' sputtered Span «o, stiU walking back and forth. 'If you have anything to say, let it out.' 'And I hev this to say, captain: 'If that ©re coop is busted next week, he will hev his thoord, and me will hev my thoprd, and ye will hev yoorthoord— end that is all there Into it™ 'And if you dont get a ff pnt nota!' 'Then pard an' me wont divide it up wT je.' Spanero took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and then drew a«lver mounted pistol from his side coat pocket one of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons —took bis handkerchief and polished the ?-barrel as be said: ? 'Speters, we will nave no words about tins job. Ton will do as I direct, and no . grumbling, either. If you make me trouble iwm put a bullet into your head, and if you spout X wSl have you bung to the bridge withinannour by a mob— do yon nndsr standP 'No, I don't,' retorned the other. 'Do you wantme to explain?' askedSpan «n-, bringing the pistol to bear upon Spe ters'faoe. During tiussomewhat Interesting proceed ing Stub, who apparentiy was not acqaaint ' «d with 8pan«ro, 'sat with Jiis dun on bis breast and his -eyes dosed. He did not raise ^ tios »rm w^ tt» in^iratim or a possible row or even murder— such is a man- - narism of the criminal class. Nor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy tone be replied: ' Spanero, if you play me foul, as you have another, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Put up that nonsense— I am not a'raid of ye.' 'This weayon, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose to stop this grumbling at once and for all.' 'You dor said Speters, sharply. 'Else there will be war between ns.' 'Then it will be war,' replied the thickset man carelessly, throwing .one leg over the other. 'Speters is a beautiful name, isn't itf ' Now, you have not told this man here your ', other name. He looks like a gentleman be- j aide you, and I don't think you are a fit man for. him to associate with. Shall I introduce you to himf ? -'Liook out, Spaniard,' said the villain arousing himself. . 'You kill me, Speters, at your leisure; and when I die a latter will be opened at po lice headquarters of tins city which will set ' every one of these cursed new-fangled tele- . graphs in .motion. Do you know what they will say?' asked the Tiger, fastening bis gray eyes on the leathery face before him. 'No. What's it all aboot. anyhow?' 'Well, it's about summoning every spy, detective and officer in this oouniry to in a-UI*Uw mUVj- 'It would?' 'And then a United States clipper cruiser would go to France to warn the continent and England.' 'And what forr 'To hang you,' said Spanero. The villain raised his eyes to the Span iard's face, and they looked at each other steadily for a moment. Then Speters let fly a single word: 'Hell!' 'Yes, they want to find an assassin — ona who kuls princes and breaks up crown jew els— seef Xdke a «n«Jr« uncoiling after a fright, the tense muscles of Speters loosen and his knit brow relaxes. Then he says moodily ?. 'What will they do with the principal in that little affair I' 'He will be dead. You will have killed him.11 'Spaniard, put »p that pistoL Have your own way.' Spanero put it out of sight and moved to file door. . 'Speters, Finnie is stall at the lawyer's house. I want either you or this man to cook him.' Spanero withdrew and closed the door; bnt immediately opened it again, thrust in hie head and said: 'The notice has gone to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia he had bettor take ft to his house, and keep the business office under full guard.' He then withdrew. Speters looked up and said: 'Stub, what makes your eyes so bright?' The fact was that Stub was sitting np as straight as a militia colonel, his eyes bril liantand his cheeks aflame. 'It's tbe cough medicine!' 'Was tnere something about Spanero that brought out the pills?' 'Yes,' replied Stub, 'Bat I dont know what it was.' 'Then you dont know this bell brat!' 'No.» 'It is well; but did you get into the house?' 'Yes. X entered two of the rooms.' ??You're a cat.' 'I inspected all the lighted rooms from tit* outside and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms Iientered by a large chimney, in which there bad bean no fires for a long time.' ' 'Wonderful! Did you locate the muni* mentroom?' 'Yes, and can get into it without braking ? wall or a lock.11 'Give it to us easy, Stub.' 'I- faith I speak the truth. Xsawthekoya taken- from a panel when 1 was in the room.' . . 'The devil 1' 'Yes,' said Stab. 'I stood in the fireplace, and, corse my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle-Hind all that crowd in the other rooms, too.' 'Scraps J' ejaculated, the other man. .'Yes, Speters, and, by ike ragged 6k Francis, tha old lady looked right at me, squarely— and she didn't know it— I didn't have my party clothes on, you see.' 'She would hava sworn aha looked at the 4evill' 'She unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscotted wall, and took out the keys. Tbe jim end of my knife will forceit, end there are but two doors to the vault. It is off from an old dining-room— used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular tiling was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows— the young woman who was with my spook— the one that fainted away.11 'Spook?' asked Speter. 'Yes. .The slimins with the big eyes. The otheroneof myself. 'Wonder if that spook isnt Finnie?' 'The chap what the boss wanted us to put under cover?' 'That's the chick, Stub.' 'Well tins fellow will not go under sod again— not until I got' 'Well, let us go hence,' said Speters, suddenly changing the subject. Without a word the two men passed out into the restaurant room. They silently wended their way behind a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in the darkness, si lently dropped to the cellar below. Withoutstumbling over any of the nu merous kegs and casks, the villainous twain made their way to the corner of the cellar, directly underlie private room they had re cently left. Speters scratched, one of tbe than recently invented lucifer matches, and lifted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. In another moment the two men were dig ging in a passageway, the direction of which was toward the foundations of tha 'school buildm&'1 ? The conur of the brick work of ttat into lior building was, perhaps, 150 feet away from the rear of the restaurant, and in that fefiaiJwsteocjHra, on tnafirtf floor, wag tiw vault or the treasureroom of Spanero. Upon the outside was but a blank wall np to the fourth floor, and then a single window mark ed the place where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining bis office. And here we leave the precious twain to their dark workr-in which the Tiger was probably not a partner. CHAPTER XHL HOPS LIGHTLY, AND MAY GOD STAY BT TOO'. One day Conrad North stepped quietly into his mother's 'work-room,' at an unusual boor for ens so full of business. 'Who gave you permission to come in here, sirrah?' said the parent. 'I come, demanding a surrender of this castte.' 'To whom?' 'To the invader.' 'Do you come peaceably?' she asked, pointing a cambric needle at the intruder. 'Well, mother,' he replied in a lovr tone, 'send your garrison away. I wish to talk to you alone.' So 'Milly,' the maid, capit ulated and withdrew, and then the young man began bis conversation by kicking over . tbe work- basket full of buttons and things. 'I have been thinking a great deal about Miss Ijamont,' he said. 'X.supposeX think too much about her. -Have you any remedy for such a complaint?' 'I know of none, except to get better ac quainted with, her and find out that she is mortal, like the rest of us, my son.' 'But how can I properly pursue an object with, which I never came in contact? Can we bring her within our circle?' 'Our circle, my son, would not receive her, not at present— though she is doubtless ?very way worthy of admission.' 'No,' said Conrad, reflectively, 'the Bi ders, tbB Plnmbs, the Snapdragons, tha Ar temisia Ambrosiafolia* etc., etc., would take paws to snub her.' 'Conrad,' said his mother slowly, 'why do you wish to become further acquainted with bsF.' 'Welt, mother, I may as well make a clean breast of it I am not satisfied but that I love the giri. I want to be sensible about it, but I never «an conquer this looking for her, longing for her, until I meet her, and find that my measures of her virtues .and genius are a myth of the brain.' 'Or heart,' suggested Mrs. North. 'Or heart.' ?♦Well, Conrad?' 'Why, then I love her, and I may as well surrender. Is it not so?* 'Bat, my son, if abe is worthy of you, be ing apparentiy a poor, but beautiful waif, struggling for better things, perhaps a high er life, she will not permit you to win her; at least not under present circumstances. And if she have not that better sense— of justice to you, then she is not worthy.' _J To be CoumraKD 