\ He Was Haunted. . Fischer's ghost has been laid, to the rcgrot of those who have cherished him us a winter stoiy for the fireside. Ho is ho longer believed to sit ou top of a throb-railed fence as a clue to the discovery of liis bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Globe, Sydnoy, who . was liauuted by a speotro which never loft him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in tho uaric and silent watches or tho night it clung to him, and ho began to look upon it as a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into tho spirit land. It was a grim and horrible oxpurie'uco. and all his days and nights wore spout in trying to : solvo the enigma of its presence, and tho way that lie could lay it, as they had laid . Fischer's ghost. The worst of the mutter was that it was invis ible to all hut himself; ho was worso than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length tho means were givon to him to free himself of its hateful presence, nnd ho describes his last light with it to our ropresentati vo who waited upon him at 80 Bridgo road, Glebe. " For the past eight years," said Mr. Win. Burke, shoemaker, "I jiavo endured very much from constipation aud piles ; no medicine scorned to do me good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work.' Nothing I took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, uud now I can say that tliey are tlio best remedy I havo ever known, as thoy do not -gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of thom. i ain a bettor man to-day than I havo been for years. It is a grand euro." Dr. Morse's Indiuu Root Pills euro such cases. Thoy "are a positive euro for liver aUmeuts, sick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dys pepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow com plexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curiug eczema, pimples, blotches,' and ull akin diseoses. As a woman's host frioud thoy stund alouo. Sold by chomists and store keepers, price Is. 3d. perbottlo. Australian Branch of the W. H. Comstoclc Company, Limited, 58 Pitt. street, Sydnoy, N.S.W. Sold wholesale in Queensland by Messrs. Elliott Bros., Limited, Brisbane. Eaoh bottle has tho full namo blown thereon, and the wrapper bears tho signature of Wm. H. Comstock.. Avoid substitutes, and seo that you got the genuine. 