" A-GREAT WRONG; OR, THE alY2.BE.BY -OF BLACK: e .OLLOVI GRANGE. CHAPTER III. A G?OHT OF TERRoR. SThe darkness of sudden night settled down upon the doomed vessel and the desolate s?ire near which she lay. iThe sea rose higher and higher, great .waves, like mountains, struck the ship, lift tug her op, and dashing her heavily hgainst h r'oCks- Withal, the loen thre atened gale * came on, teiring through the black fog like a shrieking demon, and beaiing the poor uonodering Nautilus with such merciless uy that she began to ow sho sure signs of going to'pieces. - F ar away in the hlack distance hoarse thunders bellowed, and at intervals a red flame of lightning leaped out, giving the poor asouls-huddled on the deck a glimpse of theI *awful doom that awaited them. .8Shrieks and wails of lamentation roe jaboe the clamor of the storm, and every 'minute some poor creature was dashed into the sea. The captain, driven wild with ter 'roe, secured the only available boat, and Ijsth some half a dozen men, deserted the hip, but the boat wasu swamped almost in. itantly, bastening the fate the occupants were so desirous to escape. ý- In the midst of all this awful peril, while the Nautilus shuddered under him, and the !great waves rushed over her, sweeping off pdozens of poor souls to untimely death. An. drew Bruce made his way to that part of the deck where the dead manhad lain await. tog burial, S The body lay therestill, sewn p in the hammock, and thrown into a sheltered cor ner, where it escaped the full force of wind and water. While scores of living men had .been swallowed up by the sea this dead man was sopared. ' Andrew Bruce saw the shrouded figure, by the flash of the lightning, and put forth his footand touched it. Ilis face, as he stood there in the stormy darkness, wore a strange look-the look of a man beset by some strong temptation, to which he was not wholly willing to succumb. For file minutes, perhaps, he hesitated, his faco ashen white, his hbreath coming in labored gasps, then suddenly he fell on his knees beside the corpse of the man who had been his friend. "I may as well take them," he muttered. "Where's the harm f And there's no telling what they are." He drew a small knife from his pocket, and opened the keen, slim blade. Then. with a few rapid strokes, though he worked in utter darkness, he cut an opening in the hammock much larger than was necessary for the purpose,for he rent it more than half its length.. - With eager hands he groped for a few. moments around the dead man'sbosom. He found the miniature and the package of letters, and drew them forth. SThe package was warm, so was the ivory ease of the miniature. So also was thebosom from which he had taken them, drenched as itwas bythesea; butinhis terrorandhrry, ndnew Bruce took no note of these strange bcts. , He had the miniature and the letters in his own breast, looked about him-with startled glances, to be. certain this robbery of the dead had not been witnessed, and then fled away to make an effort to save his own life. The dead man lay where he left him; the hammock cut away, his chest and his facee " both exposed. An awfully ghastly face itwas, as a sudden lightning flame illuminated the deck for an instant, a face very like unto death. Yet on the right cheek there was a long gash, made by Bruce's careless and cruel knife, and from this wound a slender stream of red blood trickled. Andrew Bruce, baving secured the papers he coveted, hurried forward just as the ianuttlps parted amidships with a thundering aotis_.On had e?red ? lien.preesererr. and then made his way to that part of the wreck which was nearest the coast. The black waves were strewn with bits of timber, and floating chests, and boxes, and to these dozens of poor souls clung, struggling for life, be ing beaten down every minute by the restless waves. There was small chance of escape; little hope of life, but Andrew Bruce was resolute to risk his fate. He was a daring man, and an expert swimmer. Whileun effort re mained to him he would not stand and wait for death. He was on the point of leaping off the wreck, which was momentarily going to pieces. when a ahill cry arrested his attention -a child's cry. * He looked down, and the moon, wading through drifts of black, and throwing a fitful light upon the scene of horror, showed him a child just below him, clinging with both frail arms to the vessel's sidehis poor, imploring little face looking op but a hand's breadth above the seething sea; The child was the son of thedead man lying on the deck beyond. Andrew Bruce recognised the boy at a glance, and with a thrill of sarprise. He thooght he had gone to his doom long ago. Seeing him thus, however, his first impulse was to save him. He could save him, and give-him a chance for life. He actually made a movement toward the child, as another entreating cry reached his earn ; ut a sudden thought struck him, and he stood irresolute. "If I save him, he may come between me, and-and-what I hope for," he slowly mat tered. While he hesitated thus, a great wave dashed over the wreck and the child was swept away. With a frantic leap, Bruce gained the open sea beyond the wreck, and began to battle for his life. But his very face, 'as the pale moon-rays revealed it, was changed; for in that swift moment Andrew Bruce, hitherto a comparatively moral man, became a etrdferer. The rubicon of crime was passed; and henceforth his course would lead downward. The opportunity had been given him to make his choice between right and wrong, and he had chosen the latter. A e!oudlessmoringifollowed that soigbt of \-- death und -horror. and nolden. nmshine beamed down upon the sullen sea and the drenched shores strewn with debris of the wreck and the ghastly faces of the drowned. Swarms of people flocked to the scene from all quarters, some eager for, plunder. others merely curious to see, and a fsw in tent on good purposes. Among the latter were two, or three pea t women from the neighborhood of St. -"' Look, Clotilde I look I" cried one of them aflorid dame. speaking in her native tongue, "there's a little lad, no bigger than ydur Andre, all dead and drowned, poor little fellow." Lots of them went down last night, poor fellows. Here, mate, lend a hand here, will you? Let us take this chap over tothe gnaed.hooss he; hha got a queer look some ow for deadman. Ican teil a oorpse by the look, and the feel, too. There's a spark o' lilesomewhere here, it I'm not muchmis. taken," The men carried the body off toward the guard.house; while the women weeping and chttoring by turns, tenderly lilted the bhoysodhried away in the direction of st. It is a month later, and Clotilde habus re tarned toher own cottage in the valley of the Loire. The sommer is well over, and the lime leaves are. growing yellow, and the vineyards harg laden with purple clusters Clotilde is looking for her huslands's re. turn. He has been abroad fu orerayear; bat his last letter which reached her months ago, told her to expect him before the winter set in. Accordingly, she has cut short her viit to her eister, near St. Malo, and has - turned home to make ready for her husband's Coming. "----. dhe sits in the cottage porch .a,e tnuuy afternoon. watching her two children a they play beneuth the limes. She calls them both her own, and loves I them almost with an equal fondness-her son Andre, and the little storm-waif, the boy found on the coast on the morning after I the wreck. Tbey restored him to life, she and Ilarhel, and Clotilde has brougbt himt home with Andre to her own cottage. "The dearlittle fllow," she thinks,watch. I Ing the two children as they follow their hoops. "Oh, I do hope that Andrew won't mind my keepiog him when he comes. I1 should so hate to part with himi" Even woile these thoughts fill her mind the vine-leaves rustle behind her. She looks op and utters a cry of joy. Her husband stands before her. "Oh. Andrew, have you come at lasut " She flies to clasp his neck, but he puts forth his hand and holds her off. "Don't be a fool, Clotilde," he asys,coolly. "Yes, I've come, and I'm thoroughly used p op. tring me a glass o wine." A" she looks at him her eyes dilate with horrifed wonder. "What ails you ! What do yon see that you stare at me so !" he demanded with a 1 brutal oath. She clasps her hands acrossiher loudly throbbing heart. "You have changed so," she whispersawe and terror in her voice. "Oh, Andrew, what has come over you i" A harsh laugh escapes him, a laugh by so meanos pleasant to hear. "Oh, a great deal-more than I can tell you now," he answers. No wonder you find me changed. The whole world has changed for me. You shall bear it all in good time. But let me have the wins now." She turns from him like one in a dream. "What is the cause of his strange de meanorl" she soliloquises. "What has changed him so fearfully I" At this moment, the two children came running up, hand in band, flushed and irosy from their play. Andrew Bruce turned round to greet his own son, and thus came face to face with the son of his dead friend. He whitened with craven terror, and his very knees shook under him as if a spectre had confronted him. " Papa, papa," cried Andre, running to his side, and catching his hand. But his father threw him off, without greeting or caress, and stood staring at the other child with distending eyes and gasping ips. ' "Isaw him go down; I saw the waves sweep him off; and here he is;" he vacantly snuttered. Clotilde returned with the wine ; he seized the glass and swallowed the contents at a draught ."That boy I how came,ha here!" he de manded then, pointing toward Richmond. Poor Clotilde trembled. Her English hus. band had never been over tender to her, and now there was something in his face that filed her with terror. "Andrew,pray do not be angry,"she egan,' clasping his arm with two beseeching hands. But he threw her from him a'ith an oath. "Answer me," he replied, his surpriseand terror giving place to wrath ; ,' where did yon get that hoy!" "There was a vessl lost off St. Malo a month ago," Clotilde faltered "And he was on her;" he interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over his face. "He drifted ashore. I might have known. And you saved him, and have him here. Coure ou, I'll have your life for it t" He seized her by her abundant dark hair, and poor Clotilde, unable to comprehend the secret of his wild rage, fanncied that her has. band had gone mad, and shrieked aloud for He clutched her throat until her face be. came purple. "Andrew I Andrew I for Heaven's sake do not murder me l" ahe gasped. " I will send the boy away-" "Not not not" he interposed, with ter. rible vehemence. " I'll murder him. rll have his life I How dare he come hback to stand bhtween me and my good' lIeck'" He threw Clotilde from him with' -force that dashed her to the floor of the porchand rushed upon the affrighted child. "Curse you I" he bissed between his set teeth. "You shall die I" The lad shivered with terror, as the man's iron grip clutched him, bat he looked up with clear, brave eyes. " Why do you want to murder me,Andrew Bruce!" he aked, simply. You promised my father to take care of me, and take me to England." This simple question wentto 'the guilty man's heart like a knife, and for one minute he felt a pang of genuine remorse. "Yes, I promised him." 'he gasped, in hoarse accents. "'and called God as my wit He staggered back a pace or two, and sank into a seat, covering his' face with his bands. "'Tis not too late now," he mattered. "I might do it yet I"' Clotilte.wbo by this time had regained her feet, approached him, and laid her hand on his arm. "Come into the house, Andrew" she' en treated. "You are not well; you'll feel better when you have rested." Her volce recol!ed him to his senses, and aa momentary irresolution vanished. - The evil within him was growing so strong, the good so weak. "I should have to give it all up," he mst. tered. Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, baronet,with fifteen th.sand a year I Think of that I wsen't give it up." He leaped to his feet with a hoarse cryand rushed at the boy again. "He shall not live to thwart my plans,"he yelled. "He shall die I" He struck the child a brutal blow full on the temple,. a sing an ugly wound,and felling him to the floor, where he lays bleeding and insensible, while Clotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. But Bruce soon silenced both with threats and oaths. Take him up and carry him into the kit. chen," he commanded. " When it grows dark '11 throw him into the Loire." Clotilde obeyed without a word, shivering in every limb with mortal terror. She laid the child down on the lounge, covered his ghastly blood-stained face,and then crouched down herself witb her son at her knees, watching her maniac hnusbanduashe deemed him, with affrighted eyes. Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into amused laughter. "You think me mad t" be asked,divining her thoughts. Well, I am msd-drnunk with my own good luck, Clotilde I There's no need to tremble so; the fit is off now ; it was the sight of that boy there that brought it on ; but he lies quiet enough. He won't arise between me and my good fortune again I Sit still, Clotilde; I have my senses back now ; I won't hurt you, my girl ; I'm awfully glad to see you ; and I have wondrous story to tell you. But get Andre snug in bed, and fetch out some cold meat and a bottle of wins before I begin, that's" good lass I" Clotildle arose to her feet. hobut her limbs refused to support her. 'run away to bed, Andre." she whispered, clinging to the wrindowsill for support. "Run away, like mother's good boy." Her son, still in terror of his father, crept otrasting a wistful glance at the conch where his unconscious playfellow lay. Then the wife turned her ghastly face upon her husband. " Andrew, for the love of Heaven, what is it 1 What has come over you 1" she faltered "'Aro you mad 1" He laughed again, that ugly, murderous " i think I am," he answered, "and so will snu be when you hear what I hbas t.. tell. Fetch onut the meat nll wine, GICo tilde ; my good luck hason't impaired my al. 'petite I' " But the child there " she cried; "the poor little lad, he'll die if we do nothing for 'Wilt be? So much the better." The look in her husband's eyes turned her ,ick and faint. . He nsed to be a handsome ,oan, tender and gallant, when his hot t&m.; per waei under eontrol, and she loved him to adoration; but no she recoiled from him in shuddering fear. "So much the better," he repeated. "As h soon as it grows a little darker I shall throw him into the Loire," 1" " But you will be a murderer," she shrieked i out, "and they'll bang you." n "I shan't give them the chance," he an-. swered, coolly. "I'll throw the boy into the d Loire to.night, and before the day breaks we shall be on our way to England. Sit down, Clotilde, and hear my story; there's no time to lose."r The woman dropped into a seat from sheer erhaustion. " Iam not over fond of such jobs," her I husband continued, as he uncorked his wine "hut once in a while the end justifies the el deed. You should not have saved the boy d from the wreck. Never meddle with what does not concern you. Clotilde, how would you like for your son to be a baronet-a baronet of England, with an income of t1 sfteen thousand pounds per annum I" "Andrew 1" "Don't call me Andrew, please," he con. ti tinted, coolly. "I have changed my name uwell a my fortune. Henceforth I am Geoffrey Treretbon, the late Sir Geoffrey's P only son and heir, and to-morrow I go to ii England to claim my title and estates I Fact, Clotilde, upon my soul-and that boy yonder, whose life you hare been so anxious to save, that boy would come between me, and between Andre after me, and all this n good fortune. Just thinkof ther" She looked at him with wide, wild eyes. "Andrew. Andrew, you are mad," she gasped. "How could all this be It "INo matter; it wl:l be, and that suf. c flees." f "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon I What right hare o to his title and estates? I have ksard you say that he never married your mother. You are only an--" Utter it at your peril," he cried, spring. ing acrss the room and seizing her by the throat. elf you ever allude to tant again you area dead w?man I Sir Geoffrey Treve then d..s met marry my mother. She was a poor actrles, ana s at r.'allc baronet. Ne matter: his title and his wealth shall be mine all the same. Woman, beware bow you-" "Htst,"gasped Clotilde, some one is com. ingie b He released her, and regained his seat just as a peasant woman came in. " hy, what ails thee Clotilde " she cried, shrilly; " wearing the face of a ghost, and thy good man but just returned 7" ' The poor girl is ill," answered Andrew, quickly, giving his wife a swift, warning glance. "I found her in bed when I cames t home ; and the lad there is sick, too," hecon. tinaed, pointing to the lounge. " What, Andre sick I" asked the woman. "No, no; the other lad; he's a weakly child, and I'm sorry Clotilde picked him I up; but she's loath to part with him; so we must takehim with us on our journey I sup. Clotilde glanced at her husband in amased awe. Not a muscle of her serene, smiling face moved. ' "What journey?. You ares not leaving here l" questioned the neighbor. "That's it," responded Andrew, pl' asantly. "'We start for England in the morning. My business calls me, and Olotilde is too delicate to be left behind." The night came on, and after some little chat, and many regretful adieus, the woman .took her departure. Andrew. accompanied' her to the door, locked it after her, and pocketed the key. He lifted the handker chief from the child's face as he crossed the woom. It was ghastly white, and to all ap pearances lifeless. "He is all right this time," he muttered, with fiendish content; then he turned to his wife. " Clotilde, get your crucifix," he com meanded. Trembliugly she produced the 'crncifla and while he held a pistol to her brow, br" forced her to swear that she would never bh tray him. '" Remember," he added.,' I am ;your bas. hand no longer neither is Andresyaour'en.. I am Oeoffrey'Trevethaon; my son is called Richmond, and you are his nurs and com. panion. Swear also to this !" She looked up into his merciless face with imploringejes. ' "Oh, Andrew, I cannot swear to this. Would you cast me off foreverl ' Think of the past, and how we. have loved each other." . " Old things have passed away, all things have become new, As to the love between as, no need to meddle with that ; you can be my wife all the same, only the world must not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's banished son and heir, and my wife;died abroad. Do yon comprehendl -Of course you do; and if you are a good girl, Clotilde, and lover meat all, yon'lt he willing'to help me to bringthisabout." . . - "But I am not willing," she replied " 'It is all a wicked lie. Your wife did notdie abroad; and if Sir Geoffrey Trevethon was your father, yoa:are only an illegitimate son-". Crack I went the revolver ; the flash blind. ing her,'scorching her very face, athe bullet whistlingwithin an inch of her head. The poor clsature uttered a wild shriek. Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and shook her till she was breathless. " Silence I" he thundered. "I missed you this time, but my aim will be sure next. Woman,'make your choice at'once and abide by it. Will you domy bidding, and go with me and your child to-morrow, or will you die likea dog, here at my feet I As sure an there is a heaen above us, I mean to kill you, unless you swear to aid me In the work Ihave in hand. . Come, now, you can have your choice I I would sooner takeyouaalong, and I'll do well by you. What do you say? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed I" The kneeling woman, with the crucifix against her quivering heart, glanced toward the window. The night had fallen dark and rainy, there was no help within hearing of the lenely cottage. She lookted up at her husband's face which mocked her with fiend. inh cruelty. "One I two-" s"Oh, Heaven pity. me Yes, I will The pistol was lowered from her head. "That's a sensible girl now," commented her husband. " I'll take you along, and you sall ahare mygood fortune :and rou'lllead ajolly life Clotilde. Even it I marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into poa session of my title and estates, I will pro vide for ou handsomely ; and I'll not for. sake you either, for in spite of all this, I'm fond of you, Clotilde. And yon will have the satisfaction, too, of seeing your son the heir to a baronetcy forI shall make the lad mv heir and successor." She leaned her head pon her clasped hands, and made no movement or answer. "Well, now," he went oa. "eOne thing more, and we are done. You must swear never to leave me. You are to stick to me and my fortunes. Come-swear." Thecold steel touched her throbbing head again. It was a hardoath to take-to stick Sto this man and his fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime, and yet not eren be his wife. Sut she did not hesitate; after that other oath, by rwhich she surrounded both wifehood and motherhood, nothing could tmore her. " Yes, I swear," she answered, qnietly. He returned the pistol to his breast, and Sbuttoned up his coat. Clotilde looked at hims she still knelt, wondering vaguelyif he could ie tie man whow ooed and won her girlish lore 1 lie had cihanged terribly in thebs brief time since he had surrendered his soul Sthe porf sin. But hL voice brought berett hl feet. ' C.Om, ,ome-look alive. There is no time to elu. a ,aieh mlhe tpap eur h.-st thinur, and bare thv byc sil ready, and I will call upon Larceln.r ad istruct hil ? to whatdias panition to mske tf what wa laa behind aU. B,.t this job must be dune firet." 00r a?nouton of Jupania about i0000 000\. " ". • ' ' 