\- THE TRICKERY OF SOUNDS Som<; curious experiences with regard to the trickery o£ oecunvd to me ilurJj;,«r iniilt-rgrail inn*- <1;i vs at Cain!;- ridge, to which I attribute au early predoliction for the science and study of acoustics. While yet an out-college man, I was unexpectedly offered a set of rooms in the old Court of Trinity, which rooms had beeu somewhat hurliediy vacated by a man of uncertain health and nervous temperament, who :ifcsit>-?ied no sati*fa'-l t -,ry reasons for suddenly going into lodgings. • It was the commencement of a dull October term, and I remember how the bedmaker warned me against the rooms, which she characterised as "dre:ulful dismal." The cause, however, uf this forbidding description wiis not vevc.-iled to me till some weeks nfierwariis. when boisterous winds chanced lo set in with gloomy November weather, about which period, when sitting up veadiug. I used frequently to hear low, moimiui sounds, as if some creaiuro were in distress some when- hi rhe lane outside. No one could explain the phenomenon, and it was not until months afterwards that I iiiy.self searched for the cause, and after some little diiiiculty discovered it. It was commonplace enough. In a side room' a piece of will l-p:t per pasted across a chink had developed a .crack, leaving two jagged or tooth oil edges, which under certain conditions ol ! draught, vibrated rapidly together,!una iug, a.s ii were, a reed, and thus producing the .sound above described. That ghost, like nil others in n»y experience, was readily laid ; but another uncanny and more noteworthy occurrence shortly afterwards taught me yet more clearly how capricious sounds may become, and how hard to locale or explain. In a neighboring staircase there lived (1 beg pardou, "kept") another friend of mine, a man of much tougher fibre, who was readitig—and over-reading—for a medical exam., and once, through a .sleepless night he was driven to distraction by : what, in tlie morning, he described as mysterious voices apparently in the court outside, accompanied by rapping* on a tin tray or the like"; yet, often-as he rose and weni to the .window, there was nothing to be seen, and at last his over-wrought nerves gave way, and were not to bo relieved until some of his friends succeeded iu finding the cause of -his disturbance, which was this : Over the way. in Taius College, where building was going on,, an engine had broken down, and workmen had been employe! through tlie night tinkciiny it up, Tliis was the sole ami sufficient explanation. Ii satisfactorily accounted iV»r the existence of midnight voices and for tlie weird tappings, excited imagination supplying all the.rest. .The instructive fact, however, brought honie to my mind was how unaccountably sounds may seem to behave themselves when the mind fails to interpret them aright, and how strangely different a familiar noise may sound when heard amid dead silence. It has been my good fortune more than ouee since then to dispel idle imaginings that had been the cause of real disturbance and distress. Occasions have also arisen which have stimulated me to construct sound instruments "which, in performing certain novel functions, should attain objects of practical value. For example, oh the occasion of au annual flower show held in my grounds, it has been necessary to summon visitors, many hundreds in number, and scattered over a large area, to certain side shows. A horn or hell convcved uothimr in particular. but a specially made trumpet, rigged on a sc- affold 30 feet high, commanded tlie whole ground, and a polite invitation gently spoken to the lour winds has been easily heard by all. Some ten years ago my alien;ion was accidentally directed towards kfhdred acoustical problems by circumstancc-s which again may be considered as outside common experience. By the kindness ajid courtesy of the late j»eau Church. I had been granted the privilege of making use of St. Paul s Cathedral for carrying out certain experiments dealing with terrestrial magnetism.- I had chosen for my purpose a quiet summer's night, and an due arrangements having been made, I commenced a long vigil, sitting alone for hours in tlie loftiest chamber of the building watching the readings of an instrument, while a colleague watched a similar instrument in tiie crypt 400 feet below. It was v.hlle occupying this elevated position, with attention well braced, and in that night silence which falls even over our great Metropolis, that I learned how remarkably certain sounds can be recorded over vast distances. The measured tramp u£ the policeman rang as sharp or sharper than if I had been on the pavement beside him. The fog- horn of tlie bicyclethen in vogue—could be heard streets away, and railway whistles on distant lines and hooters on the shipping fatdown the river seemed unearthly in iheir carrying power and clearness. The experiences of that night were further confirmed on yet another occasion, when, about the same period, I chanced to make my first balloon voyage, and when, by rare fortune, our balloon drifted over the very heat i of London and almost directly over .Sr. Paul's Cathedral, at an elevation of ;'.00o feet above irs golden close. It was a noteworthy voyage., and deeply impressed on my mind afterwards by the fact that it was one of tin? last conducted by the late Captain Dale, who shortly afterwards lost his life while ascending from the Crystal Palace grounds. It was while we were maintaining a high elevation that we made out Kennington Oval immediately below us. and we could actually watch a game of cricket iu progress. Soon, however. it became apparent that play was -suspended, and then, manifestly in our honor, a ringing cheer came, up with a distinctness that I was wholly unprepared for. I learned, rhon, that an English cheer is a very arousing, and may become a very astonishing sound; but my wonder grew as we swept on and presently caught the rattle of the streets below, which soon increased and grew to a deafening" roar positively painful by its harshness and intensity. So far, these experiences were but proofs of the great carrying power aloft of loud and familiar natural noises, but I was now to be impressed quite equally with the penetration into upper air of Nature's softer nnisic. It was squally weather that day. and. as evening approached the wind grew rough with gathering storm. We were at that time scudding fast .over Hertfordshire, where the country was well timbered, and ever as we passed high over woods, then in full foliage, a soft murmur would fill our ears, and it seemed almost incredible that this was but the tossing trees singing to us half mile below. There were other sounds, of course. Anon would come the bark of a dog from—where? Or the whistle of a train scarcely yet visible in the distance deep down. Altogether it was firmly impressed upou me from that time onwards that a i balloon ascent properly arranged would offer an exceptional opportunity for studying many problems in sound which | could not fail to repay fresh investiga- ^oii and experiment; and it is not a little curious that, although acoustics have oceupied the special attention of many scientists, no one has come forward to systematically use tlie balloon itt tlie servjee of that all-important branch of science.— 1 '"Sttasd Magazine." 