THE GIRL HE LEFT BEHIND ' .. ..????:? --;?.'.-.-.:: -HIMt.. -.. ?? ? - ?. ' George Grayling, of South Africa, and Lord . Bodmiu,uf Tiverdou House, Park- lone, had just met, for the first time for two years, on Sunday morning, near the Acbillos Btatue. I '?' Tes, I got buck late lust night,' said Gray- I 'ling, surveying fie black leafless trees and the ' '. drab tinted fronts of the. stately English I ? houses with a look of intense aat'wfaotion in his culm blue eyes. ' It is three yeurs since I ? last n'.b Tool in London. Nothing seems altered, and yet I suppose everything is changed. ? What's the earliest hour at which a man may venture to call on old fritmds on Sunday morn ? ing ?' i ' Oh, give 'em till half-past one 1' said Lord Bodmin.' ' People go to church and lie in bed : on Sunday mornings, now. _? What did they do three years ago, I wonder ?' .. Lord Boilmin glanced at bis friend, and a good-humoured smile lurked about his lips. He had gone on u shooting tour with this tawny-bearded, sunburnt traveller in the land . where the man was In, own as a mighty hunter and the best of leaders for wealthy youth in pursuit of sport aud adventure. After a suc cessful trip up country, they had parted the flrtnist of friends— Grayling to prospect for the now gold of a virgin land, Jack Hayward to return tfyf.be old world to look after the ancieut eX.'iQ^Ll soon to be his own. A recol ? lection of S-^^Wfcibness of the waggon life — .' tho primitive cookery, and the modent wardrobe — camo into his mind as he noted the cosren ' tional correctness of Grayling's present cos tume. . . ' You seem to have Followed the fashions pretty carefully,' he said, laughing. ' Did ' you fit out in Cape Town, or had you the vanity to send on to London for what you wanted P' \- ' They were waiting for me at the hotel last night. I didn't want to turn up quite like a savage. What are you laughing at ? Are they \- all wrong ? ' aud Grayling looked down at his irreproachable attire in sudden doubt. ' My dear fellow, they are perfection. You must give me the address of your tailor. I was only laughing because 1 shouldn't have suspec ted you capable of taking so much trouble. But the veldt isn't Hyde Park, jb it ? And white women are more fanciful than black in thu ^ matter of olothes, aren't they? 1 think she will be rather flattered by your forethought.' ' ' Who will be flattered ? What do you mean ? ' ? ' Why, the lady that you are going to call ' upon at half-past one. Tell me all about it, old chap. I hope she is worthy of you.'' George Grayling bit his light moustache, looked slightly puzzled, if not offended, and then laughed frankly and heartily— a little Jouder, perhaps, tbsiu is custumary nt Church Parade in London. '? Budmin, you're as good » sort as ever,' he said, cheerily. ' When 1 saw you just now I it as in two minds about \\\ speaking to you. Jack Hayward on his travels in' Africa and Lord Bodmin at homo are two very different people, 1 thought. Of course, I ' knew you'd be civil, but I didn't expect you to be friendly ; and, hang me, if you don't seem as pleased to see me again as I am to see you.' 'I am — every bit, and more,' said Bodmin ; *' and I want to bear nil that's happened since the old days. You remember we used to get pretty confidential in that uld waggon.' ?v* ' You did, you mean. You. used to tell me 'about a dozen different love affair*, each of which, you said, had driven you from your . native oouutry. Now you have come into ynur \- own, I suppose you are rarely driven to despair, eh ?' ' 'Oh, I am a reformed character, and a credit , to the pserage. F am going to be married. iila.de up my mind to the fatal plunge this Jiutumn. Blade my choice, proposed, and was Tefused. You wouldn't believu it, would you, ' in these hard times ? But I bore it philosophi cally. It was quite right ; I didn't deserve ; her. And 'I don't. For I offered her another pbance — just to make sure that I hadn't mis understood — and the second time she gave way, and submitted to fate.' 'I congratulate you,' said Grayling. ' And she is to be congratulated.' ' ??* Far from it,' said Bodmin, lightly. 'She is much too good for me. But tell me about yourself. What or who has drawn you from the conquering and civilising business ?' 'Well, the fact is I want to follow your good example— I want to got married.' 'Some one you met out there ?' 'No; some one I left behind me when I went into exile. I always told you that I was . 'A Sri love— with one instead of a dozen— but you -'didn!t: believe me. Well,; I was engaged to her ?' beWe, I left. I; asked' : her if she would wait ?while 1 1 went in search of a fortune ; and she has waited for me. Three years is a long time, isn't it?' ' I'm sure she is a nice girl, or you wouldn't be so fond of her,' said Bodmin, kindly. 'Fond of her hardly expresses it,' said Grryling, with a smile. ' You know what sort of fortune is made trading ivory, and all the rest of it, and who realises the proflts of ^old-mining — the fellows who do the digging, or the fellows who stay at homo and write prospeotuses about it ? At the end of thu first year I thought 1 should be coming bnck in another twelve months, a rich man — that is, as rich as 1 wanted to be. Bnt, after that first ifottrj'every month found me farther away from my goal. Even introducing the aristocracy to big game didn't set me up for life.' ' You surprise me by that.' ' No one can wait for ever. And. as the titnri went by, you nan guess how I used to think about my chances. A pretty girl, a girl ? certain to bu admired, living in London in a worldly Ret, with a worldly family not likely to underrate the advantages of a good match or the folly of a bad one ; and a penniless beggar on the other sHe of the globe, asking her to keep free until it suited him to come baok and claim her. Of course, her people told her I would never come back at all, and hoped it, no doubt.' ' but tho) would have heard of you this last year,'' said Bodmin. ' Your name was always in the papers.' ??'Oh, with the Company. She told me nh» followed nil that with interest. I had five- let ters from her in those three years. I told her it was no uso writing, and when I got the last letter I was a rich man. Think of it— nino hundred a year, left mo by an old aunt, waiting for me in England. Stems a trifle paltry to ? you, no doubt, but to me it was wealth beyond tho dri ams of avarice ; aud in the way of land, I'm a tremendous owner. Willing to part with an 'immense estate in tho neighbourhood of the flourishing city of Bulawayo, if you've, got the land- hunger on you.' ' ThswilrjiSl Hud a Yorkshire holding quite far enutys 'liffcf to be troublesome. Go on. I tako i't^a came home without wasting any more time ?' ' Like a stono from a sling. She had been t:ue to me. Shu was still waiting for mo. She had just refused Bome heavy swell for my Bake. No doubt hi r mother and sister were furious with her. I think I should havo come bnck win n 1 got that letter, even if I hadn't heard from the Uwyers about the money nt the same time. She had kept her promise. God bless her. But I am only boring you. Yon aren't listening.'' ' Yes, I whs. You said you came straight us an arrow from Bulawayo,' said Lord ' Bodmin, hurriedly. ' I fancied I j«w some one. Yes, by Jove, here sh« comes !' Grayling, following the direotion of his ? friend's eyes, started violently. ' How did you know ?' he asked, his voio- sounding husky from emotion. . But Bodmin did not heir the quesjjon. A carriage had passed. An elderly V}.. nan and a'h'otidsome girl, who had just entered the park, wore waiting on the other side for tho carriage to go by, before crossing the road. The noise of the passing wheels had drowned Grayling's words. ' It's Edith Chalmers— the girl I am engaged lo — -and. her mother,' said Lord Bodmin, quiokly. ' 'Don't run away 1 I should like to ntroduce you to them.' ' No; I won't ruu away,' said Grayling, quietly. ' But you needn't introduce me. I have often met Lady Jane and her daughter.' Presently, after he bad been welcomed back to. London with tho unexuberant politeness of noil-bred people, Air. Grayling and his old friends strolled back to the Achilles statue. At this point the crowd rendered progress difficult, and Miss Chalmers was given an op portunity of renewing her acquaintance with the exile in a brief tete-a-tete. Lord Bodmin was a few paces in front of them, gallantly steering Lady Jane through the press of the mob, and Miss Chalmers spoke in rapid low tones : .. 'Why didn't you write to say you were returning ?' ' I have arrived as soon as my letter could.' ' Have you heard of it— from him I' ' Yes ; Bodmin has just told me.' ' Are you surprised ?' Grayling looked at her steadily,and said with cold contempt, ' No, I am not surprised.' ' You are very cruel. Are you going to be long in town ?'' ' No, I am only passing through. I am on my way to Africa.' ' You will come this afternoon. Come early, 1- ? ' ' I am very sorry. I have so little time in London that I fear ? ' ' You must come. Do you hear ?' Grayling looked at her ag*in. and the beauti ful dark eyes Bashed in command and softened in appeal. It wus tho same face, but paler and harder than when it came to him in hiB dreams under the Southern stars night after night during the last three years. The dark hair, the firm white brow and chin, and the full lips which trembled ever so slightly, and the stately carriage of the graceful head witre the same, yet not the same. The sense of. the wrong she had done him hardened his heart against her beauty, and filled him with vague wonder at his own folly. , : ' My coming could do no goud. I don't ask for any explanation. 1 can quite understand. Good-bye,' be said, firmly ; and then, making his adieux to Lady Jane and Bodmin, he left them. ' If you had not come, I should have goue to your hotel.' ' Your note gave me no choice. But it is very foolish. Your mother will be angry. Does she know I'm going back to- morrow ?' The wiutor afternoon was drawiug to a olose ; tho little panelled room which Grayling r-- membered «o well was full of strange shadows. Each time tbat the fire leapt into life in the basket-grate, some familiar object sprang out from the gloom of the walls— a picture, a carved bookcase, the writing-table at which she hud penned the letters which had kept bis hopes from fading but there in the wilderness. ' Never mind my mother. She knows that I meant to see you— alone. Arid fihe prefers this to the other way. 1 want you to undirstand how it happened. You know that we hadn't too much moniy in the old days. Well, things got worse and worse. My mother's income has dwiudled away almost to nothing. It is only what my father settled on me and the help my uncle gives us that have enabled us to keep on in the old house ; und even tben we are hideously in debt and always in mouoy diffi culties. Of cuurse, they all said I must marry some rich man, anil siiFe the family. Every body was against me— mothor, Alice, my uncles — everybody. They said it was madness to expect you to return — th^t you would either get killed, or would settle down with a score of black wives and be a chief, and never come back. They said if you really cared for me, you would have been back long ago. Then, when they found out that 1 bad refused Lord Bodmin, they made my life an absolute torment to me. My uncle said I was killing my mother, my mother said I was ruining my sister's prospects — that she could nover get married until I was out of the way. ? They all made me feel bow much they wanted to get rid of me. ' George, don't be unkind ! Say you can make allowances or something— even if you don't mean it. Why did you go away ? Why were you su proud ? 1 had euough then for both of us. Why didn't you marry me ? It was your horrible pride — the pride that man always hold dearer than their love. ' George, do you hear what I say ?' and she came over to the hearthrugj where he stood staring into the heart of the red fin, and laid her hand- on his shoulder. ' I swear I was as much in love with you as I was on the day that I told Bodmin I would be his wife. They had made me believe that it was my duty— that it would be best for you us well as for us. But now that you have come back, what shall I do— what shall I do ?' and she leant her head upon her hand. 'DidyoutnllBodmin anything of the past ?' ' No. If he had known he would never have asked rue to be his wife. .He is yery good and very kind , and I have trsated him shamefully. But, George, he doesn't love me ns you used to ? us you do now. It is no good pretending Nothing can make any difference. You love me as much as over— 1 know you do.' Then suddenly she looked up, and, clasping his hand, said almost dellantly : ' I won't do it, George, now you have re turned ! I don't care for anything in the world but you. Family, friends, reputation, »re all nothing. Tike mo back to Africa with you, and let us forget everything but our love.' '?You forget that Bodmiu is my friend, Treachery to him would ? ' ' Oh ! he will get over your treachery.' ' Yea, but 1 shouldn't. Edith, you don't understand. My lovo was the cirl who refused thu rich man for thu sake of her penniless lover; the girl who jilted Lord Bodmiu is some one quite different ! Good-bye !' ' George, don't go I You won't po to-morrow — you nil! wait just a little while ?' ' I shall leave Charing Cross to-morrow morning by the eleveu-lhiity train for Dover.' ' Charing Cross ! Thut's the train mother aud I went to Paris in.' And the girl laughed hysterically ' If you want ti- sit with your baok to the engine, you must start ! ho other way, because thu train ohnngis ends at Cannon-street. Oh, George ! how can you be so cruel ?' And sbo caught his hand and burst into tears. ' Why don't you say that you are glad to bu free, that you hod grown tired of me, and only camo back to do your duty to the old love that was cold and dead ?' ' You kcow thit I could not say that with out lying.'' ' Then you do love me si ill ? Then let mo come with you— take mo back with you I' ' Good-bye P And he gently reloaied him »elf From the clusp of her trembling hands. ' Don't think that 1 try to be cruel, or that I don't understand tho pressure which has made you promise yoursolf to another man. It wan an unequal bargain. Three years is ku absurdly long time— a lifetime in Muyf»ir, isn't it f But |u Africa-you call (juiss how tiinii flies out there. There was no merit in remaining faith ful ? ' i ' George, I hats you !' And f ho threw ofl 1 thn band to which she had been clinging couvul eively. Then, as hs reached the threshold, flhe called after him : ' No 1 1 love you— more than ever 1' ? Cannon-street Station in the fog of the win ter morning loomed black and vault-like. Clouds of white steam under the vast aroh of the glass roof glowed for a moment in opal tints where the arc lamps burnt wbitely, and then were lost in the drab-coloured mist above. People on toe platforms seemed ghost-like and shadowy. The muffled figure of a woman hurrying from carriage to carriage filled the passengers in the Continental train with dread lest their comfort was to be interfered with by the addition of another traveller. Just as the train was on the point of starting, the lady in the heavy furs discovered the compartment for which she was seeking — a smoking carriage, with a. solitary man in the far corner. The guard shut the door upon her, the engine whistled, and the boat-expregs steamed away into the fog and miBt hanging over the river. ' Edith ! Why have you done this ?' cried the man in the corner, struggling to his feet amid a, shower of ruga and magazines. ' Because I am going with you. It's no good being angry.' Aud she flung off her fur wraps and settled down by hiB side. f ben, with bright eyes and glowing colour and a smile of triumph on her tremulous lips, she con tinued quickly : ' It is no good. making a fuss ; you have got to tako me— for better, for worse. I have written to Bodmin ; left a letter for my mother, sister— everybody I could think of. What's the time ? Getting on for twelve ! Why, my disappearance from smart society will be in tho evening papers by now. George, say you aro pleased ! And tell me if you really meant to tace the engine — or forget that the. train went into Cannon-street ?'—' The World.' ? 