(CoPvaiGir7 COLLEGE JAGK, 1 XABE BLE, YET TRiUE STORY OF THE ?? Records of Yan Dieman's Iand ByJ C-IPT. IX 1- CIE -I y _ ? -How you must have ?infeied, Tar LC - said Dr. -Ransome, in a svm iatunc tone. . : isafered I Yes. Yet my agony on .ihe ocean, ?peishing with thirst` with -a~e all around--dying in a solitude wn-hh was awful, I tell you-amidst all th: my suilerings were not as Great s isng i my bondage on the island. If I "ad my choice tb-day I would take the r dmer -Idon't wonder now why con-ma commit suicide or some mortal crimt- in order toget hanged. If I har :o gire myself up to the authori Ihubsir ton calculated to inspire Thej icswas John Tarleton saw a chance of permanently regaining his iSber' His friend, Dr. Ransome. stranze to say. had a high opinion of him, awd, notwithstanding the damning evidence which was adduced at his friends murder trial, Ransome would no betlievein his guilt. To the last he fo-?avhtfor him, and he was one of the infuntial friends who assisted to save him frmi the gallows. By trading on this genuine friendship and a iberal percentage of lies, the mofile n double-dyed murderer hoped to b:-able to leave not only Van Die mans L and but the British Empire it selfaid live in safety in some far off land.: He was throwing his last card, andif he.lost it his life was to be the forieit. "You want me to help you,- of coarse," began the doctor, musingly, sand you well know I will if it is ossible. There is no doubt it will be a matter of the utmost difficulty. If it were not for the confounded gaping assengers I could easily see my way. They will talk about your rescue when Hobart Town is reached as if it were the only incident which occurred on the voyage, and everyone will be strir og to see you. Out of courtesy the officials could not be denied, though the public could-and yet it is the former whom you most fear. With a discreet crew there would not be so much trouble, especially if the captain Sorked with us- as he will, I am sure, in this cas-e "Do you think he wil?" interrupted S-outlaw, eagerly. \-- "I am sure of it. Wetherall and I are old friends-and, besides, there is a chapter hi the history of his family re arding transportation which will cause him to look with a friendly eye on you when I explain the position. But even with his aid how- can the job be done. Can you not think of any way out of the trouble?" concluded Doctor Ran some. "I may in an hour or two. So far my brain has been in a whirl, and I could not put two thoughts together. Wou?d it not be as well to speak to the caain first and tell him the truth ? Of course I did not tell him what were really the facts - when he -spoke. I did?at know then you were on the ves seL Will you tell him all, and perhaps he will have a plan,'if he is willing to aid me in this awful plight ?" the fugi tive answered. -After a few minutes' reflection the doctor agreed, it would be best to take the sipper into his confidence, and he undertook to tell him the whole story and give the conviss. history as well. For that purpose he sought out Wether all ar.d soon plunged into the subject. The captain was surprised, though not astonisaed, for he had a lurking sus picion of the truth. There was a chapter, too,tin his own family history: as the doctor had said, which made him toleran dif escaped convicts. A favobi:e brother- had gone wrong--at least he was transported,-and men were sometimes sent to penal servitude who had done no wrong--andinanaxtempt to esca~e he had been.klled. It was whispered as the-..tinie ithat Captain -_eh~el-? was/-not- altogether ancbn officer hiad concluded his narrative the skipoer said : Ranso --. "an can rely on me, Rnsome Ifi it is po-sible to aid your friend I wili do so: bus how it can be dohe does not seem clear just at present. I'll be down in the cabin in an hour." Ss .he appointed time the three men met as agreed on, and they at once- be ~ cscnssmgz the 'ros and cams of the nyttv question. For a time none of r-heu could deride on anything which w•o"d avail the fugitive. - 'There is no place at which I could dro? you for a couple of weeks and pick you up on the return. -Tasman's j peniaula is the only point I go near, and -hat would be -the last place on ear~h to put you---even if I wereable so do so- I an depend on a portion of the crew at 1re7, but the passengers and two. or thee of the hands I would not trustl I have been pestered with eruines all day from nhe passengers about you They are al anxious to see Sbnut I said you were not weill ougeh to come on dcn.c' Wh-jen they speak -o you amar, ?at?n," inrteupted -he doctor, " say or- patient 'i del--io.- I will tell .-em the same. and they wriil not oe so ipbrtunaie tosee him. That illa b ork best pl-a " eYes. I wi'! say that--and by-the bye I have an idea which may work. '-he thought of delirium has put it into head- Our friend willt have to be again," spoke Wetheral.j Lost" interjected ' omu ex citedly... " Yes dcn't yoti see ! In his delirium he must jump overboard durifig the night. There will bea deuce of a com motion, and I'll make a pretext of say ing him if the sea is not too rough. He must then remain a dose prisoner in the cabin, and we will take him back with us to Melbourne, or if not there to Sydney where we can easily smuggle him onshore. In fact it must be done to-night as we will be at Hobart Town within twenty-four hours if all goes well," explained the captain. "How will it be worked, Wetheral l? Must there not be someone-to give the alii, -aid how-cai it be done? I don't qmuite see my way in the matter," queried the doctor. =Easily enough. We will both be on deck, and at the proper moment I will throw a plank or some other suitable obiect over and take care that one of the men hears the splash I will run aft and ask if there was not a splash, and of course he will say yes. Then you-al, by-the-bye, you must be down in the cabin at the time=-and just after the alarm,. or when the man and n-yself are looking over the side, you rush up and say your patient is nor in the cabin. '"ian overboard ? of coise will be the cry. I will lower a boat-if the sea" is :wri De don. =_-s sp e you have told all enquirers, as I have, that the -poor fellow we rescued came from the Port Phillip district," remarked Captain WetherafL " Yes. I must have given that in formation to a dozen or more, and everyone on board knows it by this time. It will throw off suspicion to a considerable extent no doubt, and the delirium story should complete it You have hit upon a most feasible plan, captain, and I suppose we will have no difficulty in keeping Tarleton here with out the fact being discovered?" queried the doctor "Why should we? Only yourself and I will have access to the cabin, and every time we leave it we must lock the door and take the key with us. The matter of food can easily lie arranged between us. I am master here and can do as.I please. Besides, the con finement will not be irksome to a man who wants a long rest like our friend. It will do him good. At Hobart Town we may be- able to give him an occa sional outing during an evening, so that in four or five days from now he can count on having a walk by - moonlight Come on deck and I will arrange the signal with you, and let us spread the delirium 'business,'" added the captain in a gleeful way, for he felt quite inter ested in the work he was about to undertake. Indeed he considered it was a most meritorious act which,. if not rewarded in this world, would be in the next- He had heard and seen so much in connection with the horrors of conictism that nothing would. deter him ffomistretching out a helping hand to a bondsman if- it came in his-_-wy to do it.. :Being a law-abidin maniimself he would not make any direct attack on the "system," but, as in the present case, without see iuifori thejob, he was able to do aservice for a bondsman, then he was just the person to depend upon. When the two men hadleft the cabin John Tarleton paced the -floor, and there was a look of malignant triumph on his face. "NWhat a blessing it was I 'didn't bring that mad girl along I - It wouldn't have been possible to conceal both of us, and it would be more than strange if we both jumped over the side of the vessel Hal ha1 the old skipper is a cute fellow and no mistake, thouih- I should thank him for the interest he. is displaving hi me And Tom Ransoriie; too,turned up trumps just as I expected. He was always a bit of- a fool; but he serves my purpose. I will nj- and in dnce the captain to. land me at 1el bourne. I don't like the idea ofSydneI. I know too much about convicts ani their careers there. He'll be able to get enough cargo for Port Phillip--and besides it millshorten myimpnsoament by a week or wo. That isaconsidera tion. I -wondr wiat they willsay if they make enquiries and find out what Jack Tarleton has eally done ? VWell," and the fellow" sa dow-i ind mused, "they will not be able to do anything. Once I am dead it will not do to resur rect did i_ have them any way they turn, and after to-night they must stick to me through thick and thin. Ill not be ungrateful at all events. What luck I had. to be sure, to fall in with this vessel N-ever dreamt Tom Ransome wras at thiside 'of the earth at all He must hiave come out imnmediately after I did. There was a little difference though in our mode of coming. It's all in a lifetime, I suppose." - In this way the convict muttered to himself throughout the day, his self communings being only broken by the entrance of the captain or the doctor. The later came frequently, for it was understood his patient was in a fever aInd delirious, so he required close at tenrion. When nuihr fell the ship was just rounding Tasman's Peninsula and under a favorable breeze. The captain stood close in to the small island at the south of Cape Pillar. Had it been daylight he would have ventured be tween the two, but with a sailing vessel and in the gloom of night the passage was too risky, especially as there was no "reat reason for hur?-ying. The guan- outlines of Cape Pillar could be seen to the north-west as the sun went down, and the rugged island I lay just aamn EBy eleven o'clock the i skipper thought they would be well und- : he sheher of the headland. and about that time he would make tne at tempt -o figuratively kill his guest. As t he night advanced a slight mist serited over the sea., and this soon drove the o'-sen-errs be!ow. The weather was becominn " tck and soon an i-ntense darkness settled upon the ocean. "It is all the better," he told the doctor, in confidence, "as it will pre-I vent all the trouble and danger of launching a boat to attempt rescue. I would not order one to be lowered on. a night like this, and if I did the miu. would refuse to man it, and rightly, too." If the night had been dear and bright it would have been his duty to lower a boat in the event of a man fall ing or jumping overboard, but in bad weather he would not do so. Besides, in the case of the stranger whom he had just rescued, he would not be justi fied in jeopardismg the lives of his cren in the endeavor to save a madman. So he argued, and it made his position more easy. Dr. Ransome was in the cabin talk ing to his patient shortly after eleven o'clock, when he heard two distinct knocks dioer hi d 'ad he" knew their import. Going out he locked the cabin door, and, running up the ladder, was at Captain Wetherall's side in less than a minute.-- - " My unfortunate patient is not in the cabin, captain.. I left him for a few minutes jist now aind wlien I returned he was gone. - Will you cause a search to be made, as in his state of mind hl may harm himself T" he cried. " Missing 1" exclaimed the captain. " Then we are not mistaken, Bill. That splash we heard meant a man over board. Give .the :alarml HoIt aii hands here!" and Wetherall gave a stentorian" sho, which brought - the \- nd-half-a-dozen seamen. in;dd7ticn to a coifple f--hardy pas seigers, who were braving the weather, to his side.- "There is a man overboard, lads, but I don't like to order you to tnan a boat. Will any t'olunteerfor the duty ?" "Who is it ?" came the query. "The poor fellow we picked up yes terday. In his delirium he escapedt from the cabin and jumped overbord. Bill and I heard a splash, but we could not make out what it meant until the doctor came up and told us the man was missing," glibly answered the cap tain " Well, sir, Id volunteer in a moment . if I thoight it was any use, but on a night like this there wouldn't be the ghost of a chance of saving the man and very likely we might get lost, too," returned one of the sailors. His opinion was echoed by the others, and the second mate also urged the futi lity of attempting a rescue. ".'We are making good way, sir, and he must be a long" way astern by-tihis time," he re marked. "?'ell, understand I didn't thinik of ordering you to lower a boat, for on such a nightas this I wouldn't do so. If any pleased to volunteer and try a rescue I would not have stood in the way, though it is most improbable you would have succeeded. Perhaps it -is as well the poor fellow is gone. as the doctor says he might never regain his right senses again," returned the skipper in a solemn tone. ,He would have been mad to the latest day of his life, and, unless he was watched night and day unremit tingly, his life would have been a short one as he had m6st proniounced suicidal teidencies. I didn't leave him for five minutdthis'evening but once, and that was when he escaped. A life of that sort would not be a pleasant existence, iid coul1d only be spent in a lunatic asylum. As the captain says, it may be a merciful release after all," added the doctor. It was wonderful how two otherwise estimable and respectable -gentlemen like Ratsome and Wetherail could manufacture lies in their desire to aid a ruffian like'Tarleton. True they did not kni'ow the full extent of his iniquities. andthai must be their excuse'for the sins of commission of which they. were guilty After - al they sinned with a good intention, and Hades was richer by several slabs-in its paving. When morning dawned the barque, "'Juno," was heading towards the north west and entering Storm. Bay on the run to the Derwent. Small groups of passengers and sailors discussed the tragedy of the previous night, and there were not a few who avowed they saw" suicide stamped on the lost man's face .when he was drawn up out of the crazy bo~at in which he was- found. "The seal ofdeath was upon him," remarked one superstitious woman, devoutly crossing hersel, "and when you see that it is only a- matter, of -a few day-s when the spirit goes." She did:not- take the trouble to ex plain what the "seal of death". was, or how 'itecould be recognised, but that was only a trifling omission not worth bothering about. Nearly everyone on board-'ere immensely wise after the event, and it appeared the- hadall fore doomed the rescued man to an eartv aid vioienf death. The captain and the doctor went amongst the passengers ahd gossiped with them regarding the sad event, and sooh John Tarieton in the eyes and minds of those on the ship wgas as dead as Julius Cesar. Quite a squabble, indeed, took place between.a couple of passengers as to whether or riot he was devoured by a shark within a certain time of the jump ing overboard, and the captain wars ialled on todecide the matter, which he did to the satisfaction of the man who contended he must have been eaten by a shark. The skipper was of the same opinion, for he explained that the suicide, being almost naked when he went over the side. would quickly at tract a man-eater. "A white body al ways does, and there are plenty of big sharks around Tasman's Peninsula," he concluded. - Thus satisfactorily was Tohn Tarleton disposed of He was not only dead but eaten, and until the great day when the last trump shall sound he would be as nothing. MIeanwhile- te subjnct of all this ghastly gossip en?o-ed himnself in the captain's cabin. Hc re ly felt life was worth living, for b-ting dead in the abstract lent an added charm to being alive in -the concrete. All his debts for instance, both motnei"r- and otherwise, must be wiped out now that he had dis appeared in the waters of the Southiern Ocean, and to a man with such a load of sin and crime on his shoulders it was pleasing to think he could not bhe called on to pay the debt. CJ - (To DE CO.STIS-rUE.) 