VIGTORJA. ^ MELBOURNE, Friday. 'September' jL Throe inqueBfaengaged'the' attention of th* Coroner to-day. The firat waa oh the body^of Louis Hamlin, a man. who died at thainati tution etvled "Our Tiodoincra" in Rntirkn ^r®?Mrom l»»wnuig. The evidence" failed to disclose whether death was due to inls adventure, suicide, or murder^ The Jury return^ a vewlict of death from poiaonin/ iK»3era was n® evidence to show how the poison was-admraistoed. The enquiry on the death of James , Foster, a man. whose body was found hanging yi, !} •neok' a?.d with hiB hands tied, re suited in a verdict of self-destruction -while' in an unsound state of, mind. An open verdict was returned at an inquest on the body of Daniel Walsh, which was found Abat ing in the Lower Yarra. , An action for £300 damages for an alleged breaoh of promise was' mentioned in the Practice Court .to:day before Mr. Justice Hood. The plaintiff, Minnie Amelia King, stated that defendant, Emanuel King, tailor promised early this year to marry her, butfailed ' to do so, and had married another woman. Aa defendant failed to deliver his defence, His Honor directed that the Prothontftary should assess damages. From a revenue standpoint the last month was a very good one for the Customs Depart Sfo"'", 0 ,el?sa avenue amounted to tr ,4iii Jn®lud,nff £12,300' from- exoiee on beer. Drawbacks and-Other "deductions from the gross revenue amounted to £12,045,-80 that "'®,?^ore0e'Pt? lor the month amounted to £10 447 exceeds the , estimate, by -ThB parties in the action of Wallace v. Wallace and others not- having been able to arrive, at a settlement, and ■ the negotiations which- have been pending having fallen through,- the trial: was begun in the Civil Court to-day before the Chief Justice, i ostate in question is that of the late Thomas Monahan, which is valued for probate duty at £060,000. The defendant m the present action is the trustee of the estate, and the plaintiffs are bis children, to whom the bulk of the property is bequeathed, i hey seek to have their father Removed from the trusteeship. At the Agricultural Show to-day the high jump contest was won by Mr. C. H. Morris's F airfield, who cleared C ft. 2 in. Mr J C Young's Moral was second. The Ladies' Hunters Plate was won by Mr. Lorimcr's Patrician, ridden by Miss Condon. Mr. H. A. Iierriman's Countess, ridden by Mrs. Walker, was second. The will of Mr. James Crotty, deceased, was mentioned in the Practice Court before Mr. Justioe Hood to-day, when Mr. Power applied on behalf of Mr. James Patrick Madden, the executor of the will, for leave to have his appeal from' the Master "J Equity's valuation of certain of deceased s mining shares piaoed in the lisb of causos for trial with out a Jury. The state ment filed in the office showed a balance for duty of £111,290. The officer appointed for the purpose, however, asscssod the duty pay ablo to be on the sum of £122,o81, increasing tho amount of duty payable by £ J, 205. The Master in Equity upheld this assessment, and tho duty determined by him, viz., £12,258 was paid into tho offico. His Honor granted the application. rr^HOUJiNl'j, -Sunday, September 4. The Ballarat Hospital receives an unex pected legaey under the will of an old man uamod Harvey, who strangely enough was refused admission to tho Hospital only a few daj-8 ago on account of his suffering from a chronic disease. Harvev, who was over seventy years of age, lived alone. His condition having come under tho notice of the police medical assistance was obtained, when it was found that ho had concealed about his clothing receipts for nearly £1,000 in tho Union Bank. He was persuaded to make a will, and as a result tho Hospital, Benevolent Asylum, and Orphanage of Ballarat receive legacies of £300 each. Deceased apparently did not know the hospital doors had been closed against him. The Assets Companies which were formed under one administration to rcalizo tho assets of four Melbourne financial institutions that went into liquidation, viz., City of Melbourne Bank, tho Federal Bank of Australasia, tho Mercantile Bank of Australia, and tho English and Australian Mortgage Bank, are about to pay off a large proportion of tho debentures issued to the creditors. Tho amounts aro as follows:—Melbourne Assets Company, £157,500; Federal Assets Com pany, £108,000; Mercantile Bank Assets Company, £55,300; English and Australian Assets Company, £34,000; total, £349,800. The greater part of this money has to be paid to British creditors. During the past ten days a "ghost has been promenading the outskirts of Bendigo much to the terror of tho women folk, but the efforts to capture the perpetrator of the scare haVe boen unsuccessful. One evening the contents of a shotgun wero discharged at the )okist, apparently without doing nnv damage, and a couple of evenings later a plucky young woman throw a stone at him, and the "ghost" retaliated by brutally striking her in tho faco with _ his fist. About 2 o'clock vesterday morning a tramway employe saw a'figuro in white staring at him from behind a fence. The employe was armod with a revolver but was too frightened to uso it. * MELBOURNE, Monday, September 5. Theactioaiu which Peter Brown Wallace an infant, issuing by Frederick Godfrey Hughes his next friend, John Alston Wallace! M.L.C., his father, for ap alleged breach of trust in oonnoction with the will of tho late Thomas Monahan was continued before the Chief Justine to-day. The whole day was occupied witlf the examination of Thomas Brontnall, an aoeountant, who made a scrutiny of the account-books of the defendant. The revenue returns still continue to show a satisfactory increase over the corresponding period of last year. For the first two months of the current financial year tho revenue amounted to £1,098,084, being £39,605 mow than tho sura collected in July and-August of Inst year. The revenue for last mouth was 1 £534,234, or £34,433 in excess of the amount received in August, 1897. The railway income amounted to £192,683, showing a satisfactory increase of £13,274. " Probate duty to the amount of £24,627 was paid to-day in the estate of the late Mr. John Matthew Smith, of Melbourne, solicitor. The estate was valued for probate purposes at £246,277, and duty at the rate of 10 per cent. was charged. Although the financial results of last week's Koyal Agricultural Society's Show. were con siderably below expectations, the Secretary states they are still £300 better than those of last year. ■ At tho North Melbourne Police Court to day Ernest Harris and J, O'Sullivan were each fined £20 with 30s. costs, in default one month a imprisonment, for having kept a betting shop. . Th<f ease in which Mrs. Letitia Henrietta Williams issuing for £3,000 damages from Mr. James Christopher, a chemiBt, for the negli gent and careless supplying by hissonof ad rug »• ?r from the effects of taking wuioh the latter is alleged to have died, was concluded to day before Jildge Gaunt. In summing up His Honor said the ease was different from, most actions of the kind ^because. the., negligence was actually admitted, so the real issue for the • Jury vu whether death resulted through that negligence. - The Jury returned a ver dict for the defendant with costs. The anomalies in connection with theinter colonial telegraph rates, which were Brought under the notice of the Postmaster-General last week by' the.Chamber of Commerce, form the subject of a report by the Deputy Post master-General, in which the whole subject is dealt with, and suggestions are made for the removal of the anomalies. 'Mr. Duffy's pro posal ia that the rate to Queensland should be -2s. 3d. instead of 3s., of whioh Melbourne ! would receive 9d.,. New . South Wales 9d., and Queensland 9d. That the rate to South Australia" should be Is. , 6d. instead of 2s., of ' which Victoria and South Australia would receive 9d. each, and that the charge to New South Wales tor all words over tho first ten should bo at the rate of Id. instead of 2d. a word. It is estimated that these proposals, if ac cepted by the other colonies, will represent a loss of about £10,000 to this colony in the first yean, but that the loss will disappear in the second year owing to inoreased business caused by the reductions. MELBOURNE, Tuesday, September 6. Consequent upon the break-up of the drought the Longerenong Agricultural College will be reopened. During la3t night Mr. R. B. Bailey's racing pony Dolly was stolen from thestabloB at New market. During Monday afternoon an un successful attempt to Bteal the pony was made int the Ascot Racecourse. '• The annual report of the Railway Com missioners submitted to Parliament to- night shows a deficit on the. transactions for the year ended June 30 of £454,420. Slight shocks of earthquake wore felt to-day at Tallarook, YetL, Longwood, Heales villo, and other places. The charred remains of a farm labourer named James MoNab, aged forty-eight, wero found to-day 'beside a burning log inn paddock at Echuca. It is supposed that while asleep he rolled against the burning log. The willof the late Mr. Francis Burdett, boot manufacturer, of Northcote, has been lodged for probate. The estate is valued at £25,000.' Seven Chinese appeared at the District Court to-day on a charge of having sold lottery tickets. Each -was fined £10 with three guineas costs, in default six weeks' imprison ment. The fines were paid. A large deputation waited on the Ministor Of Railways to-day, and asked for thc-con struotion of a narrow-gaugo railway to connect tho ' Mount Deddick silver-lead field, in East Gippsland, with the seaboard, at an estimated cost of about a quartor of a million. Tbe Minister gave a sympathetic reply, and promised to favourably recommend tho pro posal to his colleagues. A deputation, inoluding nearly 300 women, attended Parliament House to-night and had an interview with the members of the Legisla tive Council, whom the deputation urged to pass a Bill conferring tho franchise upon tho women of Victoria. The speakers inoluded Dr. Quick, M.L. A. Sir W. Zeal said he could not discuss the matter at that stage with tbe deputation, but prouiisud that when the mea sure came before the Council it would receive most careful and earnest consideration. 