A Neighbourly Ft'nd. (concluded ) Suppose Morton Burnett to bn on ll»e fi:nc«. Hia mother would opon the back door end say, loudly enough lo mahfl herself lieird through the open windows of the Drnkin douse : ' Morty get down from that fence ! Haven't T toH you »l-out tlmt. 1 ' Mrs. Deabin would hear nud under RUnd, She would then wn.it her op portunity to appear and retaliate. In sotneuer time, when both womrn were out of doors much of the timp, they occasionally exchanged glances which were more significant than any thing they couldMiave said. WheD Mrs. Burnett pat out her washing she knew that Mrs. D-akin was watching her and counting the Dumber of table clothn and pillow slips. When Mrs. Burnett came to the back door and called out ; ' Come, Alice, dear, and prnctice your music lesson,' it was equivalent to saying to Mrs. Deakin : ' Aha, we have a cot tage organ in our houae, but you haven't any in yours.' Mrs. Deakin had frequently in formed Tom that the Burnett organ wa» a cheap, second-hand thing. One day, when Mrs. Deakin came h«me from a funeral in a covered carriage, the.-e was consternation in the Burnett family, and accounts were not fairly balanced until a new coat of paint was put on the Burnett house. The Deakin children told the Bur nett children all that their mother had ?aid about the probable character of Mrs. Burnett. Likewise tlio Burnett children repeated to the Deakin chil dren all that they heard at the supper table. Mrs. Burnett knew that she was being reported to Mrs. Donlrin, and Mrs. Deakin felt it to be her duty to learn what the viporish thing hnd been saying. Frank Burnett and Tom Deakin became convinced that the other's family was probably most to blame. And thus matters stood, when Alice Burnett Blarted to run across the street one day in front of a waggon. She fell, scrambled to her feet again, and the horse's knee struck her in the back. She fell on the pave ment and lay quiet. Mrs. Deakin saw it &H; from her front windojr. She ran into, the in her arms. The frightened driver had left his waggon, and he followed her timidly to the front door of the Burnett house. ' * Mrs. Burnett screamed and then be gan to cry. ' Run for a doctor, you loony,' said Mrs. Deakin to the driver, us she placed the limp little body on a bed, and then ran for cold water and cloths. When (he child opened her eyes she found her mother on one s:de, Mrs. Deakin on the other, while a reassuring physician smiled ut her over the foot board. ' She's n little jolted up, anil bumped her head when she Ml, but it was mostly shock,' lie. Eoid to tlio woiron. 'Law me!' gasped Mrs. Deakin, 11 When I saw Hmt child fall my heart just went into my (hroat. Don't cry, Alice, you ain't abit hurt. The doc tor siys I can put some more poultice on your bad old bump.' ^ ' I'll get it,' said Mrs. Burnett. ' No, you sit stiil. You are as pain a» a ghost.' That is how it bnppened that Bnr nett, coming home from (he works by llieback way, found in his kitchen the bated vixen, the trainer of crimin 'jlf, the woman without character — ill's. Deakin. Me told him what hnd happened, and legged him not to frighten his *ife, as there wasn't any real danger. Mr. Deakin was likewise surprised on reaching home. Supper was not roidy, and UU w;fe n«| gono- over to the enemy. He went after her und ftas taken in. -Mrs. Deakin told him 6he couldn't come home because Mrs. «urnet^was a- upset, and Bonjeone , would, have to take caie. of the child. So Air. JJcakin nnd his'tw.0 boys ate a cold '»ich with Mr. Burnett and his boy. Mr. Burnett sent Morton .ojit.to get |wo cigars, and whi!e the women sat Ly the bed in the front room the men E»t in the back loom and smoked, while the three boys, nwed l-y the evolution, kept very quiet. 'If Morton over hothers you, Mr. , wkini' said Mr. Burnett, ' you just e- me know, and I will attend to linn,' 'I was just going to say to you tint Wry s apt to be too guy now ai.d u:cn, and if I ever hear of hiru picking ^your children I'll make him rcmem : In the front room Mrs. Burnett was 1 '.Hiking Mrs. Deakin, who was hoping ''si her children had rover bothered JJ™. Burnett very inuoh. The little. »'?' went to sleep, and the Deakins *«M.honie. That whs the end of the frui). In ea«i household then was a goner.il °™er that in cose of a neighbourhood r'°t punishment should be visiled uP°n those nearest at hand. Those ™o houses, side by side, hecsrae the. W--* centre . of the town. The '''kin children were at liberty to go I n«i,,,d thumpon Iho Burnett cot KIm''1'8'''- Bui wlm i-ndid t!'»^':r! ,'...'' ln'-M: ?'vonjnn^ ,;-,? die s'x-yi'.'i1 