THE WANDERER. Life is ever a vari- d stream, To wanderers such as I. A peaceful brook wheri the rose tints gleam, Or a flood where th<> tide is high ; I g » with its motion changing On the rise or the ebb of the tide; Over the wide world ranging No matter whate'er betide. I seel; for the life stream bubbles, I seek, and I sometimes find ; Reckless ol cares ;md troubles, That lie ahead or behind. I have turned from the castle building, A trail of the younger diiys — When youth was eager in gilding The gates of the future ways ; I have travelled the world half over, And journey"d by field and flood Siace then, for my veins run over With the rush of a roving • lo< d. The friends of my youth have tarried Behind, as I onward trod. Most of them now are married, A few are under the sod ; And some of iheir steps were blended, With mine in the days of grace. But their pilgrimage long has ended, In turns they dropp'd from the race. Ye who have ties to bind you, Home and children and wife, Do the ghosts of the past remind you, At times of the old free life ? ' lis changed, 'tis new, for the older Has gone, while the new is here. Ah ! the days of the past were golden When you moved in a wider spin ra ; Each fresh year adds to the distauce That hides the old from the new, Till at times its very existence Comes back like a dream to you; And you rise u,-.o» fancy's pinions And back to the past would soar, To the joys of the old dominions And the tracks that were trod of yore. Aud you think ah, the tunes were better, Belter by far than these— Do you long to shake off the fetter'! And sail on the old-time seas ? A fig for the man who preaches " A rolling stone gathers no moss." Thou Fool, Philosophy teaches A s to tie is naught without gloss. Would I change with you, sluggard ?— never! I scorn such life as you live, My motto is onwaid ever. To take what the world can give, I've never a tie to bind me, Nor a love to hold me in thrall; The past [ have flung behind me, .'Tis wiser not to recall. I have done with the old-world fancies, I live 'neath a newer sky, Simply taking the chances Of life as I'm drifting by. I live in the Present only, The Future is far ahead. The Past is a dead field only, Its garlinds are dry and dead. With never a soul to love me. And a careless flag unfurl'd, My rocf is the sky above me, My home is the wide, wide world. Perth, September 1. " Dad " Permau, caretaker of the Theatre RojaJ, and father of Miss Bella Perman, the well-known and popular dan - seuse who was defeated recently in a dancing contest at Manchester, has received an account of the affair in a letter from hie daughter, of which the following is an extract. Miss Bella doeB not coincide with the judge'6 verdict :— " Now to tell you how the contest went off. I am very much cut up over it. The decision was given in favor of Minnie Ray. She won on simple Lancashire clog dance; her dauciug was not anything like mineno execution in any of her steps. She did a slow Lancashire clog dance—no style about her. They all say she looked awful, but that does not matter. To think she won on the sttps she did I can't get over it. I .will tell yon all about it We lost the toss, and I had to dance first. When came on the stage I had a great reception, and when I bad finished the applause was great. Well, I was satisfied with my dancing, never having done' better in my life. Willie and Percy said, after I had finished, they thought it was a million to one on me. Minnie Bay came on to do her daiioe'; she got a big reoeotion, but not like mine-. I saw her dancing, and when she was finished I made sure I bad won. Leno turned to Oallagham and Stratton, and they said about two words. Leno got up and said the last lady was the winner. Caliagliam didn't want me to win. Florrie Foide said sheWAS watching Mrs. Oallagham, and when I bad finished she never put her hands together once for me, but when the other girl had finished she nearly jumped oil ber seat applauding ber. They nearly all said if I had been English 1 would have won easily. Minnie Bay oomes from the same place as Leno, and she happens to do some of hiB stepB. He wants to Bay 1 lost on time, which was untrue The conduotor said that my time was splendid, and was surprised at Dan Leno saying that 1 broke the t.me. Mr. Dadson is in an awful state over it. He said he wished be had been one of the judges—he would have bad it over again and danced 6tep for step, and he would point out the execution to tnem. He said the whole thing was unfair. When Leno said Minnie Bay had won it came like a thunderbolt on us all. 1 felt awful, and don't know how 1 went on the stage to bow. Leno came and took me by the hand and brought me on. I thought my heart would break to think I was beaten on those steps. They all say it has done me no harm —they are all talking about me. Mr. Gleuister said to me last night (he is manager of the Pavilion) that from a manager's point of view be knows whom he would engage as an artist." FRED W. HAYNEB. 