THE NOVELIST. IN A HARBOUR rjTV.* Hv Mrs. EVERAR1) COTES I Sara .leanette Duncan). CHAPTER XXII. (Inly (lie ,Sphinx confronted them after all when they arrived at the theatre, the Sphinx and Lady Dolly. The older femi nine presentment sent her belittling gaze over their heads and beyond them, from the curtain. Lady Dolly turned a modish head to greet them from the front of the box. Lady Dolly raised her eyes, but not her elbows, which were assisting her a good deal with the bouse in exploring and be ing explored, enabling Colonel John Cum mins. who sat by her side, to observe how very perfect and adorable the cut of her bodice was. Since Colonel Cummins was accustomed to say, in moments when his humour escaped discretion, that there was more in a good fit than meets the eye, the role of Lndv Dolly's elbows could hardly be dismissed as unimportant. More over the husband attached to the elbows belonged to the department of which Colonel John was head, so that they rested, one may say, upon a very special plane. Alicia disturbed it with the necessity of taking Colonel Cummins's place, which Lady Dolly accepted with admirable spirit, assuring the usurper, with the most engag ing candour, that she simply ought never to be seen without turquoises. "Believe it or not as you like, but I love you better every time I see you in that necklace." Lady Dolly clasped her hands, with her fan in them, in the abandonment of her affection, and "love you better" floated back and dispersed itself among the men. Alicia smiled the necessary acknowledg ment. All the women she knew made com pliments to her; it was a kind of cult among them. The men had sometimes an air of envying them their freedom of tongue. "Don't say that," she returned lightly, "or Herbert will never give me any diamonds." She, too, looked her approval of Lady Dolly's bodice, but said nothing. It was doubtless precisely because she dis dained certain forms of feminine barter that she had got so much for nothing. "And where," demanded Lady Dolly, in an electric whisper, "did you find that dear, sweet little priest? Do introduce him to me — at least, by-and-by, when I've thought of something to say. Let me see— wasn't it Good Friday last week? I'll ask him if he had hot cross buns—or do people eat those on Boxing Day? Pancakes come in somewhere—if one could only be sure!" Stephen clung persistently to the back of the box. His senses were filled for the moment by its other occupants, the men in the fresh correctness of their evening dress, whose least gesture seemed to spring from an indefinite fulness of life; the two women in front, a kind of lustrous tableau of what it was possible to choose and enjoy. They were grouped and shut off in a high light, which seemed to proceed partly from the usual sources and partly from their own personalities; he saw them in a way which underlined their significance at every point. It seemed to Stephen that in a manner he profaned this temple of what he held to be poorest and cheapest in life, a paradox of which he was but dimly aware in his dejection. A sharp impression of his physical in feriority to the other men assailed him; his appreciation of their muscular shoulders had a rasp in it. For once the poverty of spirit to which he held failed to offer him a refuge: his eye wandered restlessly as if attempting futile reconciliations, and the thing most present with him was the worn-all-dav feeling about the neck of his cassock. He fixed his attention presently in a climax of passive discomfort on the curtain, where, unconsciously, his gaze crept, with a subtle interrogation in it, to the wide eve-balls of tne Sphnix. The stalls gradually filled, although it was a second production, in the middle of the week, and although the gallery and the rupee seats under it were nearly emnty. The piece accounted for both. When Duff Lindsay said at dinner that it wasn't "up to much," he .spoke,. I fancy, .from the nearest imflit "trf *16^ he . could take tT that of the Order of St. Barnabas. jU a matter of fact, "The Victim of • The right of republishing this work has been pnriii—r *T the proprietors of "The Austral Virtue" was up to a very great deal, but ' its points were so illusive that one must e have been decently educated to grasp them, i which is again, perhaps, rather a foolish 1 contrariety of terms. At all events, they t carried no appeal to theatre-goers from c the sailing ships in the river or the rcgi- t ments in the fort, who turned as one man j that night to Jimmy Finnigan. < Stephen was aware, in the abstract, of t what he might expect. He savoured the < enterprises of the London theatres weekly < in the "Saturday Iteview"; he had cast a ( remotely observing eye upon the produc tions of this particular playwright through that medium for a long time. Ibey formed ! a manifestation of the outer world fit enough to draw a glance of speculation : from the inner: their author was an aero- ' bat of ideas. Doubtless, we are all clowns in the eyes of the angels, yet we have the habit of supposing that they sometimes look down upon us. It was thus, if the parallel is not exag gerated, that Arnold regarded the author of "The Victim of Virtue." His attitude <vas quite taken before the orchestra ceased playing: it was made of negation rather than criticism, on the basis that he had no concern with and no knowledge of such things. Deliberately he gave his mind a surface which should shed promiscuous in vitation, and folded his lips, as it were, against the rising of the curtain. He thought of Hilda separately, and he looked for her upon the boards with the naivete of a desire to see the woman he knew. When, finally, he did see her, she made before him a picture that was to remain with him always as a last impression of an art from which in all its manifestations on that night he definitely turned. From the aigrette in her hair to the paste buckle on her slice she was mondaine. Her dress, of some indefinite, s'ight, white material, clasped at the waist with a belt that gave the beam of turquoises and the gleam of silver, ministered as much to the eapri eious ideal of the moment as to the lines and curves of the person it adorned. The set was the inevitable modern draw ing-room, and she sat well out on a sofa, with her hands, in long black gloves, rest ing stiffly, palm downward, on each side of her. It was as if she pushed her body for ward in an impulse to rise, her rigid arms thrust her shoulders up a little, and ac cented the swell of her bosom. It was a vivid, staccato attitude; it expressed a tem perament, a character, iifty other things, but especially it epitomised the restraints and the licenses of a world of drawing rooms. In that first brief mute instant of dis closure she was all that she presently, by voice and movement, proclaimed herself to be, so dazzling and complete that Stephen literally blinked at the revelation. He made an effort, for a moment or two, to pursue and detect the woman who had been his friend; then the purpose of his coming gradually faded from his mind, and he stood with folded arms and absorbed eyes watching the other, the Mrs. Halliday, on the sofa, setting about the fulfilment of a purple destiny. The play proceeded, and Stephen did not move, did not wince. When Mrs. Halli day, whose mate was exacting, exclaimed, "The greatest apostle of expediency was St. Paul. He preached, 'Wives love your hus bands,' " he even permitted himself the ghost of a smile. At one point he wished himself familiar with the plot: it was when Hamilton Bradley came jauntily on as Lord Ingleton, assuring Mrs. Halliday that im morality was really oniy shortsightedness. Lady Dolly, in front, repeated Lord Ingle ton's phrase with ingenuous wonder. "I know it's clever," she insisted, "but what does it mean? Now that other thing— what was it? 'Subtract vice, and virtue is what is left '—that's an .easy one. Write it down on your cuff for me, will you. Colonel Cummins? I shall be so sick if I forget it." Stephen was perhaps the only person in the box quite oblivious to Ladv Dolly. He looked steadily over her animated shoulders at the play, wholly involved in an effort which the author would doubtless have resented, to keep its current and direction through the floating debris of constrained savings with which it was en cumbered, to know in advance whither it was carrying its Mrs. Halliday, and how far Lord Ingleton would acompany. When Lord Ingleton paused, as it were, to beg four people to "have nothing to do with sentiment—it so often leads to conviction," and the house murmured its amusement, Arnold shifted his shoulders impatiently. "How inconsistent." Lord Ingleton re proached Mrs. Halliday. a moment later, "to wear gloves on your hands and let your thoughts go candid." Arnold turned to Duff. "There's no excuse for that," he said, but Lindsay was hanging upon Hilda's rejoinder and did not hear him. At the end of the first act, where, after introducing Mrs. Halliday to her husband's divorced first wife, Lord Ingleton is left rubbing his hands with gratification at having made two such clever women 'aware of each other," Stephen found him ;elf absolutely unwilling to discuss the piece vitli the rest of the party. As he left the jox to walk up and down the corridor out side, where it was cooler, he heard the voice )f Colonel Cummins lifted in further quo tation. " 'To be good and charming—what i sinful superfluity!" I am 6ure nobody iver called you superfluous, Lady Dolly!" ind was vividly aware of the advisability if taking himself and his order out of the theatre. He had not been gratified; or aven from any point appealed to. Hilda's production of Mrs. Ilalliday was ?o perfect that it failed absolutely to touch him, almost to interest him. He had no means of measuring or of valuing that kind of woman, the restless, brilliant type that lives upon its emotions and tilts at the problems of its sex with a curious com fort in the joust. He was too far from the circle of her modern influence to consider her with anything but impatience if he had met her original person, and her re flection, her reproduction seemed to him frivolous and meaningless. If he went then, however, he would go as he came, in so far as the play was concerned; the first act, relying altogether upon the jugglery of its dialogue gave no clue to anything. He owed it to Hilda after all, to see the piece out. It was only fair to give her a chance to make the best of it. He decided that it was worth a personal sacri fice to give it her, and went back. He was sufficiently indignant with the leading idea of the play, and sufficiently absorbed in its progress, at the end of the second act, to permit Lady Dolly to capture him before it occurred to him that he had the use of his legs. Her enthusiasm was so great that it reduced him to something like eqviivocation. Slie wanted to know if anything could be more splendid than Air. Bradley as Lord Ingleton: she con fided to Stephen that thnt was what she called real wickedness, the kind that did tlie most harm, and invited him by in ference to a liberal judgment of stupid sinners. He sat emitting short, unsmiling sentences, with eyes nervously fugitive from Lady Dolly's too proximate opulence until the third act began. Then he gave place, with embarrassed alacrity, to Colonel Cummins, and folded his arms again at the back of the box. Before it was finished he had the grati fication of recognising at least one Hilda that he knew. The newspapers found in her interpretation the development of a soul, and one remembered reading them, that a cliche is a valuable thing in a hurry. A phrase which spoke of a soul bruised out of life and rushing to annihilation would have been more precise. The demand upon her increased steadily as the act went on; and as she met it there slipped into her acting some of her own potentialities of motive and of passion. She offered to the shaping circumstance rich material and abundant plasticity, and when the perse mtion of her destiny required her to throw lierself irretrievably away, she did it with i splendid appreciation of Iar^e and defi nite movement that was essentially of her self. The moment of it had a bold gruesome ness that caught the breath—a disinter* ment on the stage, in search of letters that would prove the charge against the second year of Mrs. Halliday's married life, her letters buried with the poet,. It was an advantage which only the husband of Mrs. Halliday would have claimed, to bring so helpless a respondent before even the in formal court at the graveyard, but it gave Hilda a magnificent opportunity of wild, mad apostrophe to the skull, holding it ten derly with both hands, while Lord Ingle ton smiled, appreciatively, in advance of the practical benevolence which was to sus tain the lady through the Divorce Court, and, in the final scene, offer to her and to the prejudices of the British public, the re spectability of his name. It was over with a rush at the end, leav ing the audience uncertain whether, after all, enough attention had been paid to that tradition of the footlights which insists on so nice a sense of opprobrium and compen sation, but convinced of its desire to ap plaud. Duff Lindsay turned as the wave of clapping spent itself, to say to Stephen that he had never respected Hamilton Bradley's acting so much. He said it to Herbert Livingstone instead; the priest had disappeared. The outgoers looked at Arnold curiously as he made his way among them in a direc tion which was not that of the exit. He went with hurried purpose, in the face of them all, toward the region, badly lighted and imperfectly closed, which lea to the rear of the stage. He opened doors into dark closets, and one which gave upon the road, retraced his unfamiliar steps, and asked a question, to which—it was so un usuaWrom one in his habit—he received a hesitatmg, but correct, reply. A moment later ,he\passed Mr. Lewellyn Stanhope, who stoaa in his path with a hostile stare, hhd got opt of it with a deferential bow, and kncraed at a door upon which was pasted name, in large red letters, cut from.^Tioster, of Miss Hilda Howe. It was a little ajar, 60 he entered, when she cried, " Come in!" with the less hesita tion. Hilda sat on the single chair the place contained, in the dress and make up of the last scene. A Mahomedan ser vant, who looked up incuriously, was un lacing her shoes. Various garments hung about on nails driven into the unpainted walls; others over flowed from a packing-box in one corner. A common teak-wood dressing table held make-up saucers and powder puffs. and some remnants of cold fowl which had not been partaken of, ap parently, with the assistance of a knife and fotk. A candle stood in an empty soda water bottle on each side of the looking glass, and there was no other light. On the floor a pair of stays, old and soiled, sprawled with unconcern. The place looked sordid and miserable, and Hilda, sitting in the middle of it, still in the yellow wig and painted face of Mrs. Hallidav, ail wrong at that range, gave it a note of false artifice, violent ana grievous. Stephen stood in the doorway, grasping the handle, saying nothing, and an iustant passed before she knew with certainty, in the wretched light, that it was he. Then she sprang up and made a step toward bim as if toward victory and reward, but checked herself in time. "Is it possible!" she exclaimed; I did not know vou in the theatre. ere '•Yes," he said, with moderation' "i have seen this—this damnable play," ' "Damnable? Oil " "It has caused me," he went on "to regret the substance of my letter this ,'noT.', ing. I failed to realise that ; his was th« hind of work you devote ymu life to, i now see that you could mi', escape its malign influence, that no woman eonld t now think that the alternative that'i— been revealed to you, of renminbi;: in Cal cutta, is a chance of escape olVeivd you by God himself. Take it. I withdraw m'y foolish, ignorant opposition." "Oh," she cried, "Do you really think " "Take it," he repeated, and closed the door. Hilda sat still for some time after the servant had finished unlacing her shoes, A little tender smile played oddly about her earmined lips. "Dear heart, ' she said aloud. "I was going to." 