The Flight Into Egypt. There's a legend that's told of a gypsy who dwelt In the land where the Pyramids be ; And her robe was embroidered with stars, and her belt With devices, right wondrous to see ; And she lived in the days Avhen our Lord was a child , On His mothei-'s immaculate breast ; When He fled from his foes— when to Egypt exiled, He went down with St. Joseph the blessed. This Egyptian lield converse with magic, methinks, And the future was given to her gaze ; For an obelisk marked her abode, and a sphinx On her threshold kept vigil always. She was pensive and ever alone, nor was seen In the haunts of the dissolute crowd ; /But communed v' with the ghosts of the Pharaohs, I ween, Or with visitors wrapped in a shroud; And there came8 an old man from the desert one day, With a maid on a mule, by that road.; And a child on her bosom reclined— and the way ' ...,'? Led them straight to the gypsy's abode : And they seemed to have travelled a weari some path ' From their home many, many a league— From a tyrant's pursuit, from an enemy's wrath, i Spent with toil, and o'ercome with fatigue. And the gypsy .came forth from her dwelling, , and prayed / That the pilgrims would rest them awhile; And she offered her couch to that delicate maid, . ,' Who had come many, many a mile ; j And she fondled the babe with ' affection's caress, . And she begged the old man .would re ? pose ; ?.???;' 'Hero the Rtranger,' she said, ' ever [ finds free access, ,.., _ , . ' And the wanderer balm for hiswoes.' ? ? ? ? ? ? ?-?'??.. When her guests from the glare of the noon day she led To a seat in her grotto so cool ; Where she spread them a banquet of fruits — and a shed With a manger, was found for the mule ; With the wine of the palm-tree, with the « dates newly-oulled, , | All the toil, of the road she beguiled, And with song in a language mysterious she lulled On' hor bosom the wayfaring child. When the gypsy anon in, her Ethiop hand Plaoed the infant's diminutive palm, Oh, 'twas fearful to see how the features she soanned - ? Of the babe in his slumber so calm. Woll she noted eaoh mark and each furrow that orossed O'er the traoings of, destiny's lino : *' W.UKNCIK (JAMia, vk ?' she cried, in astonish* mont lost, ' ,' .? 'Foil THIS CllMil) TS OK lilNIOAGIO DIVINE I' 'From tho village of 'Nazareth,' Joseph repliod, ' Whore we dwelt in the land of the Jew ; Wo have fled from a tyrant, whose garment was dyod Intho gore of tho ohildren he slew. ' We were told to remain till an angels com; maud Should appoint us the hour to .return ; But till then wo inhabit the foreigner's land, And in Epypti wo make our sojourn.' ' Then yo tarry with mo !' cried tho gypsy in joy, ' And X'ye make of my dwelling your homo : ' ' Many years have' I prayod that tho Israelite ? boy . (Blessed hopo of tho Gontiles 1) would -como.' And sho kissod both the feet of tho infant, and knelt, And adored him at onco 5— -then a smilo Lit tho faoo of his mother, who oheorfully dwelt With hor host on tho banks of tho Nile. Francis Maiiony. A truth is no soonor divined than from that vory moment it booomoa binding upon us, . ? A proof of the inoroasing love of tobaooo in England is giVon in tho Roport of tho Prin cipal Chemist at Soihorset Hou'sq, who .says that tho tobaooo oloarod for consumption in the Unitod Kingdom has ;no'w (?roaohocMlb, '.12o55S. por head of tho population. In the, first year pf this douado the amount per head was lib. O^ozs,, and since then it has steadily inarensod, The tobacco wns novoi'' move froofrom adulteration , .than it is nt tho present time. - ' i 