CHAMBER ^F MAMJFAC , TTJJKES.:'- : . ? The New S»nth ^^^Chambeir'' of Matuf ae- tures^ though it cUscountenBiicei the introduc tion of politic! into -its proceedings, yetfindBit somewhat difficult to ^yoid%qquetting with the tabooed subject, and manages to put some sort of political complexioH . upon wliatfeyer it touches. The ezplanatidn of this is that the chamber is cemposed mostly ofp^otec^onists, and that it concerns itself almpBtexclusiyely with the mann-. facturingintereBtB«f tkerountry. Nevertheless the proceedings of this body.ara deserving of public attention, if osily for tlie sympathetic considera tion .it bestows nppn Jan important branch of. human activity, andfor. the pains it takes to dis seaiinate'literature ©nthe Bubjeefc which it makes pecularly its own.- ' At the annual meeting of the Chamber, . held last night, the. president, Mr. ? Hugh DixBOrf, after referring to statistics as to the number ; of harifls ^employed and the number of manuflteturing establisk menti in existence ia the colony, wound 3& jk. wtkiJt^-iBtaSMitJ^f:- ;. *dd»»e with *he statement that 'a study of the whole sub ject, together with the imports, justified the conclusion that there was an immense amount of goods consumed in the colony that should be manufactured by oureelTes and not imported.' He added that were this so tbe larger .number of employees and establishments would still further iner9ase tfce number and capital em ployed in minor establishments. Observations of this sort hare a distinctly protectionist flavor, and are calculated to challenge the raising of the never-to-be-laid fiscal ghost. It is unfortunate for Mr. Dixson's view of the situation that the official statistics which he ouotad distincly told against him. From these he himself shewed that New South Wales, after passing through a crisis which, he'' said, had ' brought. - the colony as a ? whole almost to the verge of bank ruptcy ' (this was the protectionist psriod)^ was now recovering1, ue also showed that the number of hands employed in manufactories were increasing. There bad been an increase of 1828 during 1897 as compared with 1896. It is trae, the number of establishments decreased, but the important fact is that the hands employed are , steadily on the increase ; and the tendency of the age is in the direction of amalgamation and the creation of large busix esses, by which economy is effected. - But aside from the controversial aspect of the subr ject, the Chamber is a wholly federal body, and recognises the tremendous advantages that must accrue by the various colonies opening their arms and markets to each other. In addition to this it is reassuring to hear that the Chamber has been closely watching the operations of the Factories and Workshops* Act, and finds it now working smeothly and on the whole satisfactorily. . This measure looked somewhat objectionable at first, but it may be some solace to the dethroned author of the' Act that his pet piece of legislation is accomp lishing without friction the beneficent purposes for which it was .designed. | 