A BALLARAT CRITIC ON BENDIGO The Ballarat Courier has taken up the position of apologist for Sir George Tur- ner in his unfriendly attitude towards the Bendigo and Castlemaine district on the Coliban Water Supply question. Ballarat and Bendigo would be a dangerous com- bination against any Government. Sir George Turner knows it well, and was suffi- cient of a general to apply the principle of divide and conquer. The wedge that he used was a little flattery concerning the ex- cellent management of the Gong Gong Water Commission. In his Budget speech he told the North- midland district members that he could not let them have anything for an additional reservoir out of the proposed Government expenditure of £3,750,000 because the Coliban system had cost £1,100,000, and was only yielding 2 per cent. per annum. If, however, the municipalities interested would form a trust like the Ballarat Water Supply Com- mission he would be happy to hand the property over to them at a valuation and also take their security for the expenditure necessary for the construction of the new reservoir. On this hint the Ballarat Courier has spoken. We have no objec- tion to our usually very fair and well- informed contemporary discussing the sub- ject, but on this occasion we do wish that it had had the full facts before it. We are told by the Courier that as Government loan money costs about 4 per cent. all round and as there is a loss of 2 per cent. per annum on the capital account of the Coliban scheme, the country pays £22,000 per annum for supplying Bendigo and Castlemaine with water. It, therefore strongly backs up Sir George Turner in his refusal to expend £200,000 on a new reser- voir as it would , the Courier and Sir George argue, involve a further loss of £8000 per annum, or £30,000 in all. Con- trasting the Gong Gong scheme with the Coliban scheme the Courier shows how it was established by a loan of £281,483 from the Board of Land and Works at 4½ (including ½ per cent. sinking fund). At present, says our contemporary, 4½ per cent. is paid to the Government for money bor- rowed. But incidentally it may be noted that overdue interest to the amount of £42,000 has been funded. However that is not a very important, item, and we must compliment the Ballarat people on the success and the honesty with which they have carried out their fine water scheme. But when the Premier of the country tries to use this very success against the people of a district like Castle- maine and Bendigo where the circumstances are so very different to those ruling at Bal- larat we must emphatically protest. It is not Bendigo's fault that the Malmsbury Reservoir was constructed 50 miles away. It is not Bendigo’s fault that there were so much “tarpiping,” blunders of engineering and blunders of supervision, so many ex- periments that were costly failures, and generally such incompetence and extra- vagant waste in carrying out the work that if it had to be undertaken to-day we would probably have quite as good a system for £300,000 as we have for the heaped up total of £1,100,000. If the late Hon. A. Mackay were alive he could tell us how many hun- dreds of thousands of the gross cost of the work were completely thrown away, and why, before Bendigo could get any water at all, he as Minister of Mines and Water Supply had to institute a sort of “Black Wednesday” amongst the responsible offi- cials. The blunders of those men are all entered to debit, and therefore the Premier is enabled to say that the Coliban scheme only returns 2 per cent. on the cost of construction. By the same process of arithmetic we wonder what the other water supply and irrigation schemes of the country are returning. For instance what is the per- centage of interest that “national head-works” such as the Laanecoorie Weir and the Goul- burn Valley Weir are returning? It is not fair that whenever the Bendigo district puts in a claim for Coliban improvements or extensions it should be met with the finan- cial ghosts of the engineering failures of thirty years ago. The Gong Gong scheme was undertaken at a much later period than the Coliban. They had the blunders of the Coliban scheme to profit by, and otherwise were much more favorably circumstanced for carrying the work through at a mini- mum of cost. The Coliban was one of the pioneering works of this character, and it is a little too much to ask that Bendigo and Castlemaine should for all time be charged with the total cost of experiments from the successes but chiefly from the failures of which all the country has since benefitted. Much dead and lost capital should be writ- ten off the Coliban account. Some rough idea of the immense proportion of lost to live capital that is in the total of £1,100,000 may be gathered from the fact that the Government’s own engineers esti- mate that for an expenditure of £200,000 they can give us a new reservoir with two or three times the storage capacity of the old reservoir. Then allowing £100,000 for reticulation works and other expenses, the total will be only £300,000. For this we would have two or three times the quantity of water, and as the present annual re- venue (£22,000) would certainly not fall off if there were a better and steadier supply, we would be paying between 7 and 8 per cent. on the borrowed money. When the Government handed over the Yan Yean system to the Melbourne municipalities the Government struck £800,000 off the capital construction account. Let the Government now strike off £800,000 and hand the Coli- ban system over to the Bendigo and Castle- maine municipalities, and we can answer for Bendigo that the present reservoir will be retained in good order and a new one constructed, and it will not cost any person in the reticulated area one shilling more per annum than he nows pays. Only we must not be burdened in the taking over with a swarm of Government officials and pen- sioners. It would have to be managed by a municipal staff, and thereby the annual interest on several tens of thousands of capital could be saved for a sinking fund. Even with a Government dead weight of officers and pensioners thrown in, if the Government would treat the Coliban water users as liberally as the Yan Yean users were treated the municipalities could with safety and profit take over the whole scheme, construct the second reservoir, pay 4 per cent. interest and have £2000 per annum left for the loan redemption fund. Should the Government succeed in borrowing at 3 per cent. there would be a redemption sur- plus of £7000 per annum. This matter is not by any means done with yet. When the Budget debate is resumed we are cer- tain that hon. members will have some facts to lay before the present Treasurer that will rather open his eyes by showing him how the Malmsbury reservoir was built, also how the eleven hundred thou- sand pounds were built up in the books of the department. The Ballarat Courier will kindly note. We know that it would not wittingly do another district an injustice when the facts are explained. Items Of Interest and a Novel Point will be found on our first page this morning. Fourth Page.—The following additional reading matter will be found on our fourth page this morning:— Mining News and Notes, A Mine Ventilator, Battle of Santiago and Sporting Intelligence. To-Days Events.—Eaglehawk Police Court, 10 a.m.; meeting insolvent estate Whitla,, Mr. J. W. W. Bevan’s office; Bendigo Presbytery 3 p.m.; Eaglehawk Council, 3.30 p.m.; the Biograph, Golden Square Wesleyan Sunday school, 7.30 p.m.; meeting Golden and Corinthian Lodge; German Masque Ball, Town Hall, 8 p.m.; Total Abstinence Society’s Entertainment, Temper- ance Hall. City Court.—Messrs. Dwyer, Wilson and Faul adjudicated yesterday. A tem- porary license to dispense liquor at the Golden City Races on Wednesday was granted to Miss Kearn. Seven inebriates were before the court—four males and three females. One was discharged, five fined 5s (one of whom had to pay 2s 6d. costs incurred in conveying her to the lockup), in default 24 hours’ imprisonment, the other being fined 10s., in default 48 hours’ imprisonment. W. J. McIldrow sued J. Richardson for the recovery of £2 8s., being the amount alleged to be due for one week’s wages in lieu of notice. Com- plainant, who was represented by Mr. Macoboy, deposed that he was engaged by Mr. Richardson in January last as baker, and was receiving 1s. an hour. Recently Mr. Richardson had dismissed him without giving him notice. In reply to Mr. Dun- lop, who appeared for the defence, he de- nied that when he was engaged it was agreed that he should work for 1s. an hour, Mr. Richardson to have the right of dis- missal without giving notice. The defend- ant stated that complainant was at liberty to have left at any moment, and would not have been compelled to give him notice to leave. It was agreed that no notice would be required when he engaged complainant. C. F. Stevens cororborated defendant’s statement, stating he was present when the arrangement was come to. The bench dis- missed the case, with £1 1s, against com- plainant. The following debt cases were disposed of :— M. Barnett v. S. McTavish, £3 10s., balance due on promissory note, order for amount with 13s. costs, to be paid by instalment, £1 3s. in seven days, £2 on September 8, and the balance on October 8 ; W. Bradshaw v. R. Carter— Clarence United G.M. Co., garnishee—order absolute for £3 6s. 6d., costs £1 3s. 6d.; James Friswell v. R. Staley, £3 6s. 6d.— New Chum Consolidated G.M. Co., gar- nishee—order absolute for amount, with £1 3s. 6d. costs. Parliament. —Several important mea- sures will be before both Houses of Parlia- ment this week. In the Council the Wages Attachment Bill is set down for its second reading, after which the debate on the motion for the second reading of the Fern- tree Gully to Gembrook (narrow gauge) Railway Construction Bill will be resumed. The Life Assurance Companies Bill and the Immigration Restriction Bill appear on the business paper for their second reading. In the Assembly the Premier, states that the Plural Voting Abolition Bill, the Women’s Suffrage Bill and the Purification of Rolls Bill must be dealt with by the House this week, so as to leave the way clear next week for the Land Bill. It is the intention of the Government to ask the House to sit late, in order to get through this work. The Totalisator.—At the annual meet- ing of the Bendigo Jockey Club yesterday, Mr. R. Williamson asked if he would be in order in asking for the members' views on the question of the introduction of the totalisator into Victoria. The secretary stated that the committee had received a request from the V.R.C. to appoint a re- resentative to attend a conference of regis- tered metropolitan and country race clubs, to be held in Melbourne on Thursday next to consider the subject. Mr. Williamson said he believed the idea a good one. He moved that the committee approve of the idea, and send a representative to the meet- ing. Mr. Kirby said that speaking as a private member he hoped the club would support the proposal. He was not a gam- bler, in fact he did not gamble at all. But there was no doubt that gambling would exist as long as human nature existed. Therefore some steps should be taken to regulate it. A consideration which should recommend the totalisator was that the charities would receive a percentage of the profits of the machines. These were his views and he did not care who knew them. (Applause.) Personally speaking he warmly supported the totalisator. If Mr. Williamson would alter his motion to read:—“That this meeting approves of the principle of the Totalisator Bill, and recommends the com- mittee to send a representative to the con- ference,” he would second it. Mr. Wil- liamson agreed, and the motion was carried unanimously. Subsequently the committee deputed the president, Mr. S. Lazarus, to attend the conference. Petitions in favor of the Totalisator Bill are being numerously signed throughout the Dunolly electorate, and the Tarnagulla Turf Club at a meeting last week carried a resolution in support of the measure unanimously. A Second Reservoir.—Mr. Bailes, M.P., yesterday afternoon received a tele- gram from the Premier’s private secretary, stating that the Premier will see a deputa- tation from the Coliban Vigilance Commit- tee on Wednesday, at 3 o’clock, at his office. Mr. Bailes at once informed the town clerk, and arrangements are being made for a formidable deputation. The Age adds: —“A weir higher up the Coliban, it is stated, can be carried out for £50,000, in- clusive of £20,000 for improvements to the existing supply. The capacity of the pre- sent service is 3,000,000,000 gallons, while the new reservoir would hold 5,000,000,000, or half a year’s supply, in addition. The Treasurer has had a consultation with the Water Supply department on the matter, and he is inclined to favorably regard the new scheme. He has been assured by those concerned that there will be a revenue from the new works ; but if it did fall short of the interest, which would be only about £1500 per annum, it would not be a very serious matter. The expenditure of £50,000 would give the districts affected a perma- nent supply for many years to come; and while the Treasurer would not propose the £250,000 scheme as at first suggested, he would have little hesitation in recommend- ing Parliament to sanction the less costly undertaking. The Treasurer will have fur- ther inquiries made by the departmental en- gineers before deciding on the question.” The Coliban Vigilance Committee should also have enquiries made as well on their own account, for events have shown that on this Government promises are to be trusted. St. John’s Ambulance Association.— We have been asked by Miss Craig, hon. secretary, to draw attention to the adver- tisement giving the date of the first lec- ture on “Nursing” by Dr. Long. The lec- tures will take place at the School of Mines at a quarter to 4 on Monday after- noons, and during this week Miss Craig will be glad to receive the names of intend- ing students at “Sandhurst,” Boundary street, and will be in attendance at 3.30 on Monday afternoon to enrol both those who have given in their names and any who may come down. She wishes to impress upon the public the great help these lec- tures are to those who have nursing in their homes to do, as they will have a greater feeling of confidence in themselves if they know how to set about obeying the doctor’s instructions. Long Gully Mechanics’ Institute.— The monthly meeting was held last even- ing. Present—Messrs. A. Dunstan (pre- sident), T. Prout, W. H. Curnow, J. Reeves and R. J. Jennings. A card was received from Mr. T. Horsfield conveying his thanks for the committee’s expressions of sympathy on the death of Mrs. Hors- field. The secretary stated that Mr. Trus- cott had donated a number of volumes of the Windsor Magazine, which he considered worthy of tending. They would prove a valuable acquisition to the library. A hearty vote of thanks was awarded the donor. Accounts amounting to £6 6s. 3d. were passed for payment. Sandhurst Mechanics’ Institute.— The monthly meeting of the committee was held last night. Present: —Messrs. A. G. Dun- lop (president), J. Anderson, Parker, C. Daley, W. Beebe, H. Hart, J. Richardson, Scott and J. H. Curnow. The finance com- mittee reported that the receipts for the month had been £23 2s. 11d. There was a debit balance at the bank of £565 5s. 6d. The report was adopted, the president re- marking that they were drifting more into debt month by month. The president was appointed the committee's representative on the School of Mines Administrative Council. The president, vice-president and Messrs. Scott and Richardson were ap- pointed a finance committee, and Messrs. Shugg, Parker, and Beebe, with the presi- dent and vice-president a building commit- tee. On the motion of Mr. Anderson, it was decided to refer the question of clean- ing the walls of the reading room to the building committee with power to act. Se- veral accounts were passed for payment. The committee then discussed in camera the finances of the institute. Worn Out.— At about 2 o’clock yester- day afternoon a widow named Jane McKeown, 65 years of age, was found by a man named Young lying on the footpath near Johnstone and Illingworth’s brewery, Golden Square. She was unconscious and in a very exhausted condition. Mr. Young brought Senior-Constable Cantwell, and as quickly as possible they took her to the hospital. She was alive when the cab reached the gates, but just as the constable was lifting her out she gasped and expired in his arms. The deceased was of strictly sober habits and had lived by herself in a house near the city boundary for a number of years. She had been in poor health for a considerable time, and the police are not aware of her means of livelihood. A magi- strial enquiry will probably be held to- day. Municipal Elections.—Cr. Ryan, who re- tires by effluxion of time for Barkly Ward, an- nounces that he will again offer his services to the ratepayers. He respectfully solicits a re- newal of their confidence. Mr. James Allan, of Kangaroo Flat, a candidate for the South Rid- ing of Marong, announces that he will address the ratepayers at the Mechanics’ Institute, Laanecoorie, on Wedesday, 17th inst., instead of to-morrow evening. He will speak at New- bridge on the 18th inst. Hospital Medical Staff.—At last night's hospital committee meeting the matter of pre- paring a scheme for the proposed alterations in the hospital medical staff was mentioned. Dr. Gaffney said it was important that the scheme which the committee had been requested to place before the subscribers should be prepared as early as pos- sible. Mr. J. H. Abbott thought they should be able to give more weighty reasons for the charge than those that had as yet been put for- ward. They should have some evidence to show the subscribers why the present system had not been satisfactory. There might be more cogent reasons than those in the report, or than he knew of. It was decided to hold a special meeting at the Victoria Chambers on the 19th inst. to consider the whole question. Wardens Court.—Mr. Dwyer presided yesterday. Mrs. Aldred summoned Mrs. Mann for encroaching on a residence area in Neale street, Back Creek. Mr. Roberts appeared for Mrs. Aldred, and Mr. Hyett for the defendant. After hearing the evidence, the warden strongly recommended the parties to come to a settle- ment. Ultimately the defendant decided to give up the ground in dispute each party to pay their own costs. The case was then struck out. W. J. Cahill's application for a lease of property owned by Mr. Lansell, at Ironbark, was further adjourned for a week. A Question of Licensing Law.—Hitherto the rule has been to license the sellers of drink. Perhaps a much better plan would be to license the drinkers of drink. There is woman at the time of writing who, if this were the law, should certainly have her license to drink for- feited. It was a sad case, and was brought under the notice of Plainclothes-constable Taylor yesterday afternoon. It was reported that a woman and her little girl were lying in a drunken state at Back Creek. The constable went out and found the woman (who is married) and her daughter, a little girl of seven, lying in the bed of the Back Creek in a few inches of muddy water. Fortunately there was little water running at the time, as otherwise the two would have been drowned. Both mother and child were so drunk that when lifted up they were hardly able to stand. The constable had them taken in a furniture van to the watchhouse where both were charged with drunkenness. It seemed hard to have to enter a charge against the innocent mite, but the constable could not do otherwise. Their clothes were in such a sodden state that it was necessary to provide them with others. The mother is only 30 years old. She admitted that she had been drinking brandy, and stated that she had given her little girl some out of a bottle. Complimentary Benefit.—A good audience assembled at the Oddfellows’ Hall, Long Gully, last night, when a complimentary benefit was tendered by the Long Gully Fire Brigade Min- strels to Mr. P. Peterson. A number of well known local performers assisted, the entertain- ment proving thoroughly enjoyable. Mr. J. Hambly was interlocutor, and Messrs. S. White, J. Eva (bones), J. Regan and P. Peterson (tambos) corner men. The following contri- buted items:—Misses Eames and L. Jenkins, and Messrs. W. Dewar, S. White, J. Regan, J. Peterson, G. Eva, F. Jenkins, P. Peterson, G. Trewern, M. Marion, J. Stirton, P. Wagstaff, F. Morgan, T. Margetts, H. Bradley, W. Fellowes and J. Griffiths. The programme concluded with an amusing farce, “A trip to Chinatown,” in which Messrs. J. Drescher, J. Regan and W. Baker took part. Women’s Franchise.—The monthly meet- ing of the Women’s Franchise League was held in the town hall last night. There was a good attendance of members. Mrs. Anderson pre- sided. A vote of thanks was passed to the mayor and councillors for the use of the town hall. A letter was read from the secretary of the Central League in Melbourne reporting an interview with the Premier in reference to the Women’s Suffrage Bill coming before the As- sembly. He promised to bring it forward at the earliest possible opportunity. It was added that there was a possibility of the bill being brought in this week. A Novel Application.—When Constable Hancock asked the usual question at the con- clusion of the business at the City Court yes- terday morning, “Any applications to be made to the court,” an elderly respectably dressed man walked up to the witness box, and address- ing the bench said he wanted to know if there were any summonses against him. The police informed the bench that the unfortunate man was continually laboring under the impression that people were taking out summonses against him, and that he had made the same applica- tion on previous occasions. On being assured that there were no summonses against him the man walked contentedly away. An Eccentric Character.—A white haired old man who was charged at the City Police Court yesterday morning with being drunk and disorderly the previous Saturday evening, when asked by the bench if he had anything to say in excuse for his conduct, replied, “I’ve a corn on my toe, your worships, and couldn’t walk. I only had ten glasses of beer. It was my birth- day on May 6, and I was keeping it up on Sat- urday. I bought some mutton from Mr. Gittens, He has know me for 40 years but he never knew any good of me.” The man then went on muttering to himself amidst the loud laughter of the court. “Ten shillings, in de- fault 24 hours,” said Mr. Police Magistrate Dwyer, after being informed the accused was an old offender. The veteran toper looked at the bench in a somewhat surprised manner, made a remark in an undertone and resumed his seat in the dock with the air of martyr. Women Bound to a Bed.— On Sunday night a man disguised by a mask entered a house at Brighton (Adelaide), and, having in- timidated two women with a loaded revolver, tied them to a bed, and then secured the keys of the safe from the head of the house, who was bedridden. The money, however, had been removed, and all that he got was 5s. The in- valid managed to crawl from his bed and untie the women. The three then locked themselves in the room for the remainder of the night, and in the morning informed the police. The rob- ber left behind his mask and other disguises.— Argus. Mischievous Scamps.—A tea meeting was held at Christ Church, Essendon, on the even- ing of the 28th ultimo, and as the result of what then occurred half a dozen boys—John King, Joseph O’Brien, David McClure, Victor Ross- thorn, Norman Rossthorn and Horace Simpkin — appeared at the local court yesterday morn- ing charged with behaving offensively. Their objectionable behavior consisted in a variety of things, but chiefly, in adulterating the coffee. “They put dirt, grass, leaves, rags and news- papers in the boiler,” said Thomas Ogden. “Did it not spoil the coffee?’’ asked Mr. Davies, chairman, “Well, we strained it, and it didn’t taste too bad,” laconically replied the witness, “You see, they didn’t know what was was the matter till afterwards,” he added. Constable Morris related that after the coffee had been all con- sumed he found two or three inches of filth in the boiler. “I held up the lid,” laughingly said O’Brien, “And I put in the dirt,” proudly added McClure, fully enjoying the joke. The boys were discharged with a severe caution against polluting Sunday school coffee in future. Their Profits.—The attention of the Income Tax Commissioner has been drawn to the evi- dence of enormous profits given by hotel licen- sees at the recent compensation court held at Echuca. It is understood that those licensees who have not paid income tax will be asked to reconcile the fact with their statements of profit. Murdered Probably.—An application was made to Mr. Justice Cooper in Brisbane on Saturday to declare William Lale, chemist, of Ipswich, dead, and to order his estate to be placed at the disposal of his surviving relatives. Affidavits showed that in the year 1890 Lale left Ipswich for England. On his arrival at Sydney the maritime strike was in progress and Lale’s sympathies being with the steamship owners, he helped to work the cargo of the ship Coromandel, then at Sydney. He was seen coming ashore from the ship on August 29 of that year, but never since. Mr. Justice Cooper said it was probable the man was knocked on the head, and his body disposed of. He granted the order asked for. Desperate Prisoners.—At Cabramatta, N.S.W., on Saturday Constable McLean had occasion to arrest two men on suspicion of being concerned in the stealing of some harness. While taking them to the lockup one of them knocked him down, and the other, seizing the constable’s revolver, fired two shots, one of which took effect in McLean’s arm. Both men then got away. Mr. W. Wilson requests us to say that he does not consider the safety cage test provided for by the new Mines Act too severe. He said it is not too severe. City Fire Brigade.— The monthly meeting was held last evening, there being a large at- tendance. Captain Daymond was in the chair. The secretary reported that the banquet held at Milburns’s Coffee Palace on Tuesday last had proved a great success in every way. The fore- man reported that the whole of the appliances were in good order. Accounts amounting to £14 were passed for payment. Golden Square Working Men’s Club.— The monthly meeting of the committee was held last evening. Mr. T. Williams, the presi- dent, occupied the chair. The treasurer re- ported that the receipts for the month were:— Subscriptions, £2 11s 3d.; billiards, £4 18s ; waste paper, 10s. Mr. S. Montgomery wrote, stating that seeing the necessity of reducing the expenses of the institution as much as possible, he would continue to sit as secretary without salary. The offer was accepted, and on the motion of Mr. H. W. James, seconded by Mr. G. S. Bisset, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Montgomery for his generous offer. The Biograph will be exhibited at the Golden Square Wesleyan Sunday School this evening, by Mr. Alec. Gunn, of Melbourne. A splendid programme of songs, recitations, etc., will also be gone through. THANKS.—At the conclusion of the business of the hospital committee last evening the newly elected president, Mr. H. M. Marks, briefly returned thanks for the honor done in electing him to the position, and to his nomi- nator and seconder, Messrs. Mackay and Lazarus. Mr. T. H. Henderson, the newly vice- president, also returned thanks. German Ball— The animal masque German ball in aid of the Bendigo Deutscher Verein takes place in the town Hall to-night. A large number of tickets have already been disposed of, and it Isiexpected that there will be a good attendance. Dancing will commence at 8. The Bendigo Total Abstinence Society’s monthly entertainment will be held in the Tem- perance Hall this evening. Masonic.—The officers and brethren of the Zenith Lodge are requested to attend the meet- ing of the Golden and Corinthian Lodge this evening. At the Municipal Yards to-day, Messrs. Alf. E. Wallis and Co. will sell a truck of young springers. Messrs. R. O’Neill and Co. will also sell a line of prime springers. At the Rochester fair on Thursday, Messrs. J. Watson and Co. will sell 1500 store sheep, crossbred weathers and ewes. On Thursday, 18th inst., Mr. W. G. Bentley will sell a valuable freehold farm at Huntly, in the estate of the late Mr. Evans. The Weather.— The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards, Pall Mall, yesterday, were:— Thermometer—9 a.m., 47°; 12 noon, 52° ;3; p.m, 57°; maximum, 58° ; minimum; 42°. Barometer — 9 a.m., 29.74; 12 noon, 29.70 ; 3 p.m., 29.65 ; 6 p.m., 29.12. 