EE WAS HAUNTED. Fischer's ghost has been laid, to the regret of those who have cherished him as a winter story for the fireside. He iB no longer believed to sit on top of a three railed feace as a clue to the discovery of hig bones in aslagoant pool. But there is a man io the Glebe, Sydoey, who was haanted by a specire wnico never leu mm. xi was wita him as he sat all day mendiog shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it eluog to him, and he began to look upoa it as a fearful part of himself until his time would conic (o enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spent io trying to solve the enigma of itB presence, and the way tbat he 1 could lay it, as they had laid Fisoker's ghost. The worst of the matter was tbat it waB j invisable to ell but himself ; he was worse I tban haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre ' la red to give him pais. At length the mesas were given to him to free himself ot its hate ful presence, and he describes his last fight with it to oor representative who waited upon him at 89 Bridge-road, Glebe.— 14 For tbe past eight years,' said Mr Wm. Burke, shoe maker. ' I have endured very much from constipatian and piles ; no medicine seemed lo do me good. At night I could not eleep, and by day 1 was too drowsy to do my work. Notbiog 1 took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr Morse's Indian Boot Pills, and uow I can say that they are tjie beat remedy I have ever known, aa they do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of them. I I am a better loan to-day than I have been I for years. It is a grand cure.' Dr Morse'a Indian Boot Pills cure such cases. They are a positive oure for liver ailments, sick head ache, biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing ecsema, pimples, blotches, aud all skin diseases. As a woman's best friend they stand alone. Sold by chemists and storekeepers, price. Is l£d per bottle, or six bottles, Gs. If unable to procure where you reside, the W. H. Com stook Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, will forward same upon receipt of price. 