TERRIBLE-BURNING ACCIDENT A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON. A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHEaED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN 1WFUL SIGHT. White in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip,and fall on the hot water pipes, and before lie could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible wav. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be vers' disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffer ing terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbor hood thit Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that lie had had a most marvellous recover} from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a .special re porter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made, his way to liiB. house,'45 Crown-lane,; Ul< iiiib. " Mr. .Thos. Jarvis '.was discovered nursing a two-vear-old baby, and his face declared^ him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to thepreliinary questions lie said " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glacl of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering V " Well, twelve months ago Igot so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded i while taking a bath in Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health', j and after four years of gradual development, of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." ! " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains weresome thing terrible. Th>-y were just about as mueli as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were tutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and skaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, .and lie told me that my ease was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Bid you make use of the sr :er ?" * " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever sinee. • Five weeks ago 1 could not walk across the floor ; in fact I Could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I -was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charac terised by peculinr disturbances of. "gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. Heboid me that I might last for ten years, and that i might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his lees about with energy to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisementdescribing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in thezl itslra/iaii W orkman, by l>r. Williams's Pinkl'ills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and tfleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was Able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I get Dr. Williams's Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use thein, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this peint said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than lie did a fortnight previous.' " 1 can now," continued Jarv.is, " have a cold batb, and all the feeling has come back into my legs, I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams's Piuk Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a bor of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams's Pink lJills for Pale People. They cure locomotive ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as amemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss oi appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. }Ir. J. is. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Oowen savs he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that lie had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He under stood .Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced in curable. Mr. M'Gowcn was, therefore, like everyone else who knew tiie facts, astouiided at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from .leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Flinders-street, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s !)d, or half-a-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams's are gotten. 