Chit-chat. The dramatisation of Anthony Hope's "Rupert of Hentzau," the sequel to "The Prisoner of Zends," just published in Messrs. M'Millan and Co.'s colonial edition, has been arranged for. Among other suc cessful novels which are to be teen in a stage version Is Mrs. Voynlch's powerful story, "The Gadfly." A good story is told In the new paper, " M. A. P.," of the Rev. S. Baring-Gould, of whom it can be said that few men have filled more parts in the intellectual literary walks of Mfc than he. He was once asked by a lady whom he took down to dinner whether lie waa " the author of these de lightful lives of the saints, or of those atrocious novels." He had to confess to being guilty of both. Mr. Tom Gallon, the author of " TaUerly, and " A Prince of Mischance," has written another novel, which will shortly be pub lished by Messrs. Hutchinr.on and Co., unde^ tho title of " Dicky Mjontelth ; a Love Story." Mrs. Margaret Deland, the author ot " John Ward, Preacher," and many oth-t successful books, is at present reading the proofs for a collection, In book form, of the sketches entitled' " Old Chester Tales," now being published seriaUy in " Harper's Maga zine." i ' I ' . • i H Mr. George W. Cable has made a decided success of his readings from his own books which he has been giving lately in Lond^ii This is likely to encourage other American authors who read from their works to tempt fortune in Englard. For the past ten years authors' readings have been very popular in America, where there is a etrony; personal interest in writers, and several novelists have added considerably to their incomes on tie platform. Before Mr. Cabto became well known to readers In the North ern States, he made a success by his read- n Messrs. Methuen and Co. are to be the publishers next year of "The Life and Letters ot Robert Louis Stevenson, upon which bio literary executor, Sydney Colvln, has for some time past btcn engaged. It has been stated that large selec tion* of the letters will be pub lished in " Scribner's Magazine" before the, bcok is issued. Apropos of this work, tb* new paper, " M. A. P.," has an interesting article on the novelist and his wife. Mr. T. P, O'Connor's Journal says :—" What Steven-., son's wife was to him, only she and he entirely knew. Though she wae several years older, there was never a woman more fitted for his wife. Their interest in each other, their power of understanding each other, their ever-present perfection of sym pathy, is best exemplified in the fact that they often, years after they were married, were known to remain talking Ml night long till the Bun rose. Mrs. Stevenson 1b a slight woman. Her eyes are like black velvet, sombre, Inscrutable, fathomless. Her face is the face of a Bphinx ; her nose is straight and Oriental, there is the ghost of a dimple in her pale cheek. Her hair is as black as her eyes, thickly flecked with silver, cut short, falling In curlß about her neck, and growing low about the temples. She Is composed, Intense, repressed In manner ; she makes no gestures, she sits in a large chair, both hands (loaded with barbaric rings) resting lightly on the arms. Her very attitude again suggests the sphinx crouching in the desert. When you look at her daughter. Mrs. Rose Strong, who is with her, tropical in colour, lustrous-eyed, with the face of a gipsy, a sibyl—you see what she must have been when Stevenson fell In love with her. Mrs. Stevenson was her husband's comrade. 'He taught me how to live,' she says, as a far-away re miniscent look steals Into her eyes." Perhaps it is not generally known that Mr. Thomas Hardy, author of " Far From the Madding Crowd," " Tese of the D'Urber vllles," and other well-known works, is a keen cyclist ; in fact, cycling is his chief pastime. He does not smoke, and is almost a total abstainer. He has just celebrated his 58th birthday;. As his first literary efforts were made when he waa on"- U, fc* has therefore had forty years •: erary work. Louis Becke, who has taken a house at Bishop Stortford, Herts (says a late Eng lish paper), was up in town on Thursday, looking the picture cf bronzed integrity or in other words, a peripatetic advertisement of the virtues of fresh air and early hours. He has j uat completed the biography of Governor Phillip, which will appear in No vember, and is at work on a new tale of the South Seas entitled "Anita Casalle." lifi 6..^"it™?. Bei:i*lly England througn the 'Daily Mail." The Australian rights have been purchased^ Mr. Chris. Bennett, 01 Sydney. ' H. B. Marriott-Watson has a capital high- August' "Harper's Magazine" for. w^h 8 ™raddo, n,s new ÜBtorical novel, "m High Places," which has been appeWing l r\ al\Y *, n "The *+&'* Re«Jm" andothif periodicals w 11 be published in book forS Ll™ of the autumn publishing season in London. . n^Mr; W- T clark Russell has written another aoveL It will also be published in the ensuing season, under the title of " The Romance of a Midshipman." •of NMr°A 5 Tn ?,?" ****•«* from the pen as •• a» ' S"„ Qulil er Co«oh-better known Bh.« S;^ *. the Publication of "The fiwialS S1 * , .klB n6xt 6torjr wlll So puoiisned in Scribner's Maeazine" » « serial before its issue in book torm * Twata wh£h' SOme 6torleB about Mark lady met Mo, there one aay M hi' ,£ SS**to V 'ran lunc1 '- *»« "opp«I S speak for a moment. Afterward ttiik waiter asked her for Mark* nanS X SE?V 0 k?° W' h° Ba"' °ecauS it & quite depressing to wait on him He had never seen him smile ! , *** The play founded on Mr Hall 0.i„«... novel " The ohrieHo^" t?. ftll Calne's "' New York Tr,XJ Wlll *ppear flrBt *»» due" it TVi:B°n Barrett ' who '■ to pro ladia ,0 r Cr*^°rd,» tale of modern Novembef 1 JfaB^ Wh,Ch flret W«*ta. nin^ Umes, in'iJS' JS? ST?*? 1 ,n IMS V £ P er^^ - writer recent* «*ted says a S " Guv sSnn22 U?,,) *£" Scott «°«M disposed of by Mr. Andrew Lan* w! KT/ve,^\rrsjiLro>hvs «• v As «•.»%£? ~ssr At Dawn and Dusk," J a now- well IrTtoJK: second thousand. The sLe publ&3 ! a"E "fifteenth thousand" 5 JE? Man ,from Snowy River." The new edition would have been out sooner but thaT reset PUtho Bw^ C°^ ldered " "*«Be to reset the work and prepare fresh ator*A Plates, on account of the original pStS' having become worn. Lawson* "in ttl Days When the World Was Wiae" , s fiw lJ Ito seventh thousand, and Dyson's and K»V° lU,lltt' ani 6aCh to *' ~£* Messrs. W. Thacker and Co. have nearly ready for publication an addition to navei literature in the shape of a work on the torpedo by Mr. Fred. T. Jane. The hook which is entitled " The Torpedo in PeSe and War," deals with torpedoes and tS! pedo craft generally, and is Illustrated by. full-page and Bmaller Illustrations the greater part of which are reproductions of. .actual sketches made at sea on board tor pedo craft by the author. Lord Roberts's work, "Forty-one Years in India : from Subaltern to Cammande'- in-Chief," which was first published in two> Volumes in January of last year, has had an almost unprecedented sale, twenty-nine editions having been called for since its flr3t appearance. Last month a new edi tion—the thirtieth—of the work, was issued in one'volume. Paper-covered editions are becoming in creasingly popular. Messrs. Sampson Low have issued Mr. William Black's " A Daugh ter of Heth" in that form ; Messrs. Caesell and Co. are adding to their series " Q.V rattling adventure story, .•' Dead Man's Rock ;" and Messrs. Downey and Co. an nounce Cuthbert Bede's popular story, " Verdant Green." We (" Literary World") greatly regret to announce the death, in his 53rd year, qt 'Mr. Richard Bowling, the well-known novelist. Though not in the first flight, I Mr. Dowling has contributed largely to the entertainment of the library supporters for the last twenty years, hls^first success being " Sweet Inisfall," which also attained & large degree of popularity on the stage. As far as we remember, his last book, " Old Corcoran'e Money," was published In June, 1897, and dating back from that time our files show a long list of readable and enter taining novelB from his pen, far too numer ous to give in detail. An Important discovery of a biblio graphical character has recently been made, and is to be published during the autumn. Some six years ago Mrs. Lewis and her sister, Mrs. Gibson, were examining trea sure in the Convent of St. Katherine on Mount Sinai, when the librarian called their attention to a beautiful MS. whose value he was desirous of knowing. This proved to be a Palestinian Styrlac Lectionary, of which it was believed only one example existed In the Vatican. Further research resulted in the discovery of yet another such MS., and the book will contain the text of that first discovered, with notes em bodying the different readings existing in; the later MS., ao well as that which is con< tamed in the Vatican. Mrs. Humphry Ward, the novelist, is not partial to correspondence, if we may judge by her remark, some time ago, to a friend. " Eating tacks and answering letters are both alike to me," she said; but history, does not record whether she had tried the former or not. 