TERitlBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN PALLS ON HOT STEAM-PIPE. IN A BATH, HLS FLESH ADHERES TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING-PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis bad the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burned in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jar-vis, and for a number of years after he vras a confirmed invalid, Bufferins1 terriblv from locomotor I ataxia and other forms of paralysis. ! A few months ago, however, reports I began to be circulated in the I neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was [getting round again, and that be had bad a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney ' Worker ' was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to bis house, 45 1 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and liis face declared him one of the happiest wen in Svdnev. He was un and abnut.. and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the prelimary ques tions he said : — ' You want toknew all about my case? WelL I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to these who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering r' 'Well, twelve months ago I grot so bad that I had to leave off work, and have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Svdnev. Since the accident I have been in failing j health, and after four years of I gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up mv billet at ! the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had ns control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and evervone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat ! nor sleep. On the 23rd March last ! I saw a well-known doctor, and be told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did you make use of the order ?' No; I came home and wenjb to bed, and bave been pretty well in bed ever since. Fire weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of davs when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and aia au tie could, by opium and morphia pills, to ea&e; the agony I was in. I was under him for five or sis weeks. He came to the con clusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co - ordinat ing voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legB. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with eneragr to ehow that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a etraw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the 'Aus- tralian Workman,' by l-r Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise meat of a case wbio.h seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep ae though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and wasi able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I bave never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' ' He is 10U per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who bad come in and taken the baby oa. ber knees. ' The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People bavc saved bis life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger tkat day than be did a fortnight previous. '? I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'bave a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into m v legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in aa pain now, whatever, and feel like a j aew man. On the mantelpiece! there is box of opium and morphia ] pills which the doctor gave me t» deaden the excruciating pain. ' I|fl they can stay where they are^ f$g^| no longer need them. Everybffl^B -who knows me has been amazetjjgfl the change in me. They can baxjUM believe their eyes. My being abmS again, has caused quite a miriiitjfjH out here.' ? jiJH Such is this remarkable histonB and it confirms what is said in «9 the chief newspapers of this -*-UKS try of the astonishing cures vnvuggfl by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills £qm Pale People. They cure loeomotgil ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinel disease, also the *manv disbideaM which arise from an inipovis1i«9 state of the blood, such as ana?m§£jl pale and sallow complexion, gerieraS muscular -weakness, indigestion, igfH of appetite, shortness of breanM pains in the back,nervous headachjifl etc ^^m Mr. J. S.T. M'Gowen, leader pj the Labor Party im tha N.S.Wjl Legislative Assembly, was. seen bfm our reporter in connection with tbej remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis^l Mr. M'Gowen says he has knows] Jarvis from infajiev. He also knew j that he had to sive up hij work at Glebe Island abattoBsfei twelve months ago owing to ^i malady which he developed, ffljg afterwards heard that Jarris vlfl bed-ridden, and that there was ti^H chance of recovery. He undereM^| Jarris was refused admission to l^H Sydney Hospital, as his case !^H been pronounced incurable. 3^| M'Gowen was, therefore, like evi3B one else who knew the iac&ifl; astounded at the complete recoVeifS of Jarvis. ?; --dB These wonderful pills are obtain- 1 able from leading chemists, er£n-in|J the Dr. Williams' Medicine OoSi Perth, W.A., whowiUforwawl,|HSa paid, on receipt ef stamps or poitB order, one box for 3s., or half -dozeall or 15s. 9d. See that the genuine Dj^I Williams' are gotten. r'-M . . ===== m An. injunction was granted pXB~9 venting a foreigner from using ??!? house at Maida-hill as a mtadcM academy, he having entered into ? an agreement to use the premises fl only as a private residence. A lady|| next door complained that puml»9 visited the house, and that i-helM piano was going from 8 a.m. tiitS 10 p.m., and also on Sundays. -;'-J Some wonderful stalactite caveeS bave recently been discovered ejgfa&jjl; miles from Krugersdorp, in thell TransvaaL ;J1 