MARLEY_' HOUSE. " Don't take that house, sir, if tbat's what you're a-thinking of! " I had just come out of the dilapidated gate of tihe said house, with the latch key, lent I me by lthe ngent, in my hand. The speaker was an old maan-a gardener, I'm sure, for he was so bent and limped. All gardeners limn-they always managll to chop thelm selves with a spade, or get a prod with a fork ur do somethiug that engenders a limp-it's their stock-in-trade. I "Good morning, friend," said I, pausing, That is exactly what I am thinking of do ing, you see it is a nice. roomy old house, with a garden, only it all wants repair, on which account the rent is absurdly cheap. Why, then allouldn't I take the house? " " lecause it's haunted, sir," said the old gardener, drily-" that's why." I laughed. I did not believe in all that sort of " rubbish," as 1 termed it; at any rate I thought I didn't, and would not for the world have admitted that I had nerves that might be shaken, or that, like most other folks. I was liable to what I then scornfully called superstitious, ignorant fears. So I laughed and shrugged my shoulders." Haun ted, forsooth! Oh, 1 don't believe in all that nonsense. you see." "[I'm. Well, sir, I daresay you've a heap more larnin' nor ile, but for all that," said the old man, composedly conflident, " youll find it ain't no lonsensc . Nobody can't stop in it-nor won't you, sir, for all your big -alk. In course the agent wouldn't say a word agin it-why is it so cheap?" " The reason is plain," said I, " the house is in such a state of disrepair; but my workmen-" " Parding me, sir, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. The next morning it's all undone, and some more part of the fabric come down with it." " What utter rubbish! " I exclaimed, in all the indignant pride of offended reason; " one can see at once that tricks have been played. By .Jove, I'll set men to work and keep watIb myself! " " Tricks! Lord, sir, there isn't a creature about aJ MIarley as would go near this house at night! Play tricks, indeed! The place is accursed like." " Bah! what is the story ? " I asked, scollingly; " a curse on it, you say ? " " Yes, sir, why not ? The story here is that in tihe last century its owner was a frightful blasphemer and reprobate-worse far than most, and carried on his wickedest deeds in that house. At last lie fell in a duel nigh mortal wounded, and in a great fear of death. So lie sent for the priest what he'd scoffed at before, and took a solemn oath that if lie recovered he'd reform, pull down that house of his iniquities, and build a church thel o as a ex-pi-ation (is that right. sir?) of his sins. But when he recovered :;s lie did, like a mi;aslo almost-he broke his oath. lie didn't and wouldn't pull down his house, swore it should never come down, and went on as bad as ever. The good priest !went to him one night., they say, and never come back, though no one could exactly prove that Sir Richard M1arley murdered him, and so lie got ofelf. Thely raid the priest laid the curse of God on the house and its master, and certain sure Sir Richard was killed in the midst of a wild orgic by a part of the roof falling on him. You can try your luck, sir, and watch twenty times, but ""u'l7 nIu Is?? true, remson or no reason. Don't take that house, 1 say." I thanked him for his advice and story, re solved, of course, to go my own way. Such rubbish, forsooth, to frighten an intelligent, reasoning man of the world, past thirty! But still, thought J, though it's absurd about the rep:irs failing, I may as well only take conditionally on my completing lihe needful renovation of Mlarley House. A vagae, disngrecable sensation went Sthrough me when the agent readily consented to this proviso. but I shook off the feeling, and gave my orders to a London builder. 1 went myself down to Marley the day after tht materials for sercafolding, &e.;, and men with a foreman had departed. Tihe first day's work was to erect scaffold ing in the front up to the second storey (thd house had only two), at least so far as they could in the first day, and they got on well -good, sound work. No sort of jerry work, I knew, with 'Messrs. - . The next morning, when I went over from tie village, I found the foreaan mtucl vexed, and 1 learnt, with another disagreeable thrill, that in the night a heavy piece of coping stone from an upper window had fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding; the men were now repairing this before they could I proceed. The coping lay before my eyes, antl I could see the place whence it had I fallen. 1 went away angry and upset. If anyone iwere doing this-by ,Jove, I would soon f lind out, and turn the tablrs. SNext nmorning I foundt, with secret conster tnation, that another dislodgment land tldam age had taken place. The foreman said he feared thie house was il a worse state tllan their surveyor had thought. " We can't get on a bit, at this rate, sir," lie naidl. * 1I think." I answered, " that someone iln the village is playing a trick, but they shall pay for it. We'll see what to--morrow brin:gs anyhow" I said nothing of my intentions to anybody, lest the uilnknown enemlty should attempt to play me a trick also. I mitrely told my iinnkeeper tt I llshoull not be back till the next day, and0 after a late dinner or early supper, whlichl you please, i Iprvidedl xInmc elr with ll i , its nli.d l l.,.Ctil ot til tat or misxetd brandy, and departed for my t atch. It was tr:eenaclttk whien 1 let myutsilf into t AIlrley Htouwe, and tile lirat thing i did was to search every trooi ilitld ook, by aild of tihe Iblrilli:tnt imooulight thalt shone iu tlhrougih tile winldowt anid i tsill laniterit I had i l roight. There rw:s not a living thiig about sa;:ve mllyself; een rats and ilice ha;d dleberted the house long ago. Fimdlly I came back to lthe big dining rtoom in frott, and sat t down il it winldow bea;L to lkeel) my sentinel like watch. S It was dreary wo)kt I am free to cunfess, anti. dcslite mIy ]hlilosoiiphy and scelptieal wisdomt, 1 csluhl nort sllak,: off a dlsagreeabe recalling ef ail the old g:trdener htd sail, withl tile quiet weight of his own simpl,. I abuolate belief iill tle story. I cot to etart ait every crack or creak of the old woodwork, and tried nIt to laugh ailt lmiy lown nervo folly--not aloud, remetlllter--somellhiow I didl not particularly desire to hear the hollow echo of mny own laugh or voice,. Twelve o'clock by myy watch. I wlas alo;mt painfully sleepless now, with an intlrciooig I internal excitement, that strung my ntersves iup eaech minutIe to a yet greater tension. S1lalf-past twelve-oiel o'clock ; 1 hear it across the still country from tite distant I clock of Marley Church. "I'm a fool to stay on," I imuttercd, angry with myself for the ilorrid creepy Sfeeling that would persistently come over me. " There is nothing at all; trick or--or aanyting else; bits of olt copingg fell ithat's all-looscrdcl by--bark! what is that !" I Elofped with a suddlen pltralysing renl Ssation of hlorro, that froze my blood and Smade my flesh creep. The muffled, steailthy trea?d, it seemed, of hundreds of feet coming on-on, every moment. Was I dreaming or going mad? Did I only fancy that I saw that intangible dark crowd of a past century, with set, ghastly faces, pressing onwards as 1 gazed-swarming up tile ladder, the scaffold poles, in at the window, up to the roof, striking with hiatclhetat wood and stone and brick as they went? Was it-- Great IHeavens! thaLt was not fancy--that sudde crolsh of falling timber nnd roar of tumbling walls without, within, above, around! With one awful cry that broke the spell, I.rushed forth into the open blindly, through the clouds of dust and deafening roar; as the whole building fell in, a mass of ruins, be hind me. 1 could never have told how I got back to the inn; and the landlord, who let me.in, told me afterwards that'I " looked awful as if you had seen a ghost, sir!" For weeks my nervous system felt shat tered,but at the time the only creaturo I told of my horrible night's experience, was the old gardener. "Ah, sir," Ihe ,m, ",?' what I hx peelted, as Itelled ye. Nobody couldn't build up that place, as was cursed by a broken oath and the murder of a holy priest. I knew what it was directly I went along there about live that morning, andl see the old den of iniquity a mnas of ruins." "You saw it firntL?" I exclaimed. " Oh, yes, sir. 1 went each morning after you set tilo men to work, and I saw the ldamage first cach time. Thlerc'll have to be a church, or maybe village hospital,. built there, if the bit of land is ever to be built on at all." " A good work would be an expiation." I answered with grave reverence. I am a scoffer no more!" ['rTHr END.] 