CHOSTLAKD. Some districts ave rich in ghostsplebeian ghosts, you understand. In Houndsdilch I caiue across the traces of two that were firmly believed in iły the inhabitants of the locality. One had her home in :i_.blind alley in a very low quarter, and cliose as the place of her apparition a disused pump which "Stood up in tlie east corner. Tradition ran that iu <l:>ys of yore a German Jew ordered itlepr.-i I plunder nea^*the spot. He came back from one of his frequent absences to find that liis bi-autiful innamorata luiil bet rayoil his secrets to her Gentile lover. Blind witli fury, ha chased her from lier home into tlie corner b.v tlie pump, where he mercilessly murdered lier. From that time to the present day, if a German Jew takes up his abode in this nHey, she can be seen on certain niglit* in a kneeling attitude on the spot where she was killed, while eerie noises are supposed to be uer sobs and shrieks for help. Be tliis as it may, no German Jew will live there by choice —tlie mouient she is seen, by man,- -woman. or child, he is made to take up his household goods and depart. Tlie otber spirltual celebrity of the Houndsditch region is not so methodical in his habits, and the meaning of his visits cannot be iraced. He has no head, and his trunk Is swathed In gloom rather than iu anything more Jistinctive. lie appears at erratic intervals, and follows whom he chooses. He will follow for a long distance, not only into the street but into your very bouse; and from his slouching' gait he is known as the "sailor ghost." It is useless to try and put an end to his peripatetic rambles with gunpowder. You shoot, through space, and—he walks on just the same. He never overtakes you. and has an exasperating trick vanishing if one attempts to touch hint He has left no legend, and can be identified with nothing. He may be looking- for his head, or lie may have lost liis way in Spirit-land. Anyhow, he is the most melancholy, unsatisfactory gliost that ever trod this eartli. It is next to impossible to follow link by link any clue, if you get hold of It: the population- changes so quickly, and the inclination being to scoff at tlie marvellous. details receive little attention. I only met with one case that had a beginning and an end. My informant was a local policeman, whose beat included the spot where tlie haunted house had stood. The locale was Spitalfields, and the dwelling two-storeyed and tumbledown. Formerly it bad been a tavern, but as newer ones sprang up in the vicinity it became what would be called now a shelter for tramps. At the top of the house was a garret, which, as the roof let in the rain, was only used when there was an overflow of guests. Gradually it came to be whispered that the garret was haunted. Sleepers there were reticent about, what tiiey saw exactly, but, coming down with bloodshot eyes and haggard face, refused to spend another night at any cost in the same quarters. At length two bold and roystering fellows undertook to pierce the mystery. Provided with plenty of liquor and a revolver each, they merrily started their night's watch. In the morning one was found in a fit, while tlie other had a wondrous tale to tell of a creature, half woman half ape, tliat came at midnight pokiug and peering about the floor as if in search of something. Their description of the weird figure, with It hairless head and skinny claws, was uncanny indeed, and from that night the chamber was shunned by tlie inmates, even, wifl. a shrinking terror. As tlie tale was repeated, custom gradually failed, and the house changed owners. The new proprietor was of upto-date ideas, and logically concluded that if the creature was in search of something, there was something to 1» found. With pagination full of a hidden treasure he waited for her appearance. and was found at dawn stretched on the hearth, dead, with one long red hair twined round his left hand. That finished the house: its reputation became such that it had to be pulled down, and in digging foundations for the present erection, a copper vessel was found containing coins and a cbevelure of red-gold han - ! Even more ghastly is the tale attached to a certn u court, where an old woman once lived who received babies tliat nobody owned. It was an understood tiling that they wore to die or disappear within a given time. Her infamous trade prospered almost to incouvenicuec. for it bor.ime difficult to dispose of tlie infants so quickly without exciting suspicion. So slie concelvod - the lieudish idea of setting fire to her house, and getting rid of a batch at once. The plan smWMed. Tlie hou.se was burned, the children too: and tlie criminal vanished, no doubt to continue her crimes somewhere else. But to this day, so it is asserted, on the anniversary the cries of tliose babies can be heard far and near by tliose gifted with an occult sense; and I have questioned many wlio are firm in their testimony that they have heard the sounds themselves. though when pressed they own that they could not swear as to children crying—it was more like a smoth- ered choke.— "CasseTl's Saturday Jour- nal." 