?||lft/S;r|f The girl vho ruiiB away, to get m.ir fled will very likely walk home. ' There nro many uiou who arc nfrnid of ghosts .who hnve no f«vr of Bnirltn. The proudest moment of a man's life : ik when he ie tolling all about It after awards. ??? ? -? Taking things an they couiu Isn't very : . dilHcult. Il's luu-tlug ?wltlu-thein aa they go tlmt'B hard. ' A bllloim man hunting for. Koine thing to get nngry at Is generally sue t'ONSflll ili.hlH'HCai'Ch. \- The horse Is supposed to' be a:-inah'« ;bt'Rt frlcndj'uiiie'BR'ho'. linpiiuiiB-ro bet ?and Jose1 .in him In a race. ? : The woman who objects to her liiiR . found Hmoklng UKjially ft keeps*- cit'ilei . nlioiit It until. Hhc un'soiieV . , ? ; . It Isn't so much .what a nuin him tlint .mnkcH'hlm happy as It Ih what' ho \- doesn't want. ' - ? ' ' ' ' When n man pulls off his boo Is at the ? foot of. the stairs It Is safe to bet that ho- expects trouble at the top. A man nuist keejrhls mouth open- a long 'time before a roast pigeon llioa Into It. , It Is sometimes almost an unkind to tell the truth about others us It is to tell a He about them. ' ' There Is nothing like Love's young dream— when' It Is young. You never hear a couple of lovers' ..complain- of; mosquitoes on the front ..porch.' }? Every .ninn' should try to live so that ' Jtho-.world will' not bo made very union \Cbutt'ei' by lite getting out of It. . Tho' mnshoi* wlio said that something .. '?/vwn.s preying on his mind. was advlROU ,hot to worry, as it would probably die , iot' starvation. Nover lock the stable door when the ltorso Is Btolen. The thief may think better of it and want to put tho horse buck again. .A lady nover swears. But stop' oil the hem of her drcttH, catch the ox 'Pi'osslon In her eye, and you will con clude 'she don't nave to.' If there '»\ anything below tins cloudu ? that will mnko an angel red around the . eyi.'rf it 1b fin old bachelor trying to .thread a noudlo. ; It Ih more blessed to give than to receive, and the fact that so many people are willing that o thorn should huvo the blessing shows that people are not so selflah as some folks would jhave us believe. 