TO-NIGHT'S MEETING. WITHOUT sufficient reason the outtields have charged Coolgardie with being apathetic and dilatory in entering its protests against the ill-advised and uncalled-tor action of Mr Wittcniom in amending one of the regulations in connection with the Mining Act. The protest of this centre through the press was prompt and emphatic, and certainly was not without effect, as was evidenced by the explanatory and semi-apologetic telegram sent by the Minister very shortly after the wires conveying the attitude of the fields had reached him. In matters of grave moment hasty action is not always judicious, and as much may be gained by huirying slowly as by ruxhing headlong into threateniige and vilification and general abuse of the .Government of the day, in the absence of evidence of its complicity in the iniquitous enactment of an incompetent Minister. The protest to be entered by Coolgardie to-night against the re-casting of Regulation 103 will be as vigorous and emphatic as that minuted by any of the centres ol' the fields. It will be, we are assured, temperately expressed, yet will leave neither the Minister nor his colleagues the slightest reason to suppose that Mr Wittenoom's administration has been, is, or can possibly be, acceptable to those eug ged iu the industry which the Depal tmeut of Mines is supposed to, and should, foster, protect and encourage. has furnished of his uufitness for the position be occupies, He has been at no pains to acquaint himself with the practical part of the business of bis Department, and to-day knows little more of the conditions under which mining is carried on, than be "did when be assumed office. Unless the forked tongue of slander has belied bim, he regards himself in his unjustified conceit as the Alpha and Omega, the Be-all and Endall, the great I am of the Mines, who rather tbkn demean himself by taking coutisi 1 with the permanent heads and responsible officials who are his subor- •"J""™-™ are n.s suDi.rajnaU-s accepts, and acts upon the ad- vice of tte man in the street, and con^equently, as has been more than once demonstrated, makes himself and the Government appear ridiculous in the eyeB of their opponents and presents the Cabinet to its friends as a weak-kneed and incompetent combination calling for their pity, rather than commanding their admiration, Unfortunately, there are not wanting those who assert that, the amendment of clause 103 was not marked by the apparent singleness of purpose which has characterised Mr Wittenoom's previous errors of judgment, but there is no necessity to more than mention this and" let it go for what it is worth. One direct effect of the new enactment—for it is that rather than a mere amendment of an existing regulation—may be the taking out of the hands of the Warden of a care bearing directly on the rights of the aluvial miner. On Friday night the taking of evidence and hearing of argument was concluded in the court and an announcement made that the decision would be given today. On Saturday morning the amendment was gaz tted. This may be merely a coincidence and not a consequence of anytbiog. If so it is, to say the least of it, a most remarkable one, particularly when it is borue in mind that at a recent indignation meeting a memoer of Parliament stated, that more than one legislator and at least one Mwisjey were interested in preventing the en(iro#chfpent of searches for alluvial gold npon # Je^eJioMing on which at a depth distinctly aUqrial, gold has been fonnd in country which presents none of the features of either a quvtg reef or a lode formation. It is not, ftor has it been stated, nor attempted to f/e shown, that the Minister for Mines ia connected wftb this venture though it is asserted that a gentleman of the same name owns a large interest in it. Mr Wittenoom cannot be he^d renpop^ble for the acts of other Wittenooma at present infesting (fee ejrpJi, any more than be fa entitled to be credited the virtuous and mite actions of WittepqofflS who became ghosts yews before he wa? fyojrn. Bat he is and m«st be be)d responsible for his own unwarranted acts a#d *t the proper time, if the Gabfriejt does nut anticipate Parliament (n the matter, will becalled upon to furnish #n account of what bas be^na moat onsatjsfaictoiilr disobliged stewardship. Mr Wittenoom has unquestionably been guilt? of a gross betrayal of the public trust? Prior to the lact general electioa an im-' plied promise was given by the Premier when he announced the appointment of a Eoyal Commission to consider -d^ suggest amendments in the Mib^iu>*i Act, A^V that, VV,»4 until the report of „F tbe commission ' had been presented to and di- gested by Parliament, neither tbe Act nor Regulations would be tampered or tinkered with. That implied promise by the Premier, made actual by its freqnent repetition by candidates more or less pledged to the support of the Government, was held to be binding on the Minister for Mines, yet he has wilfully and apparently not without deliberation caused his chief, in his absence, to break his word, and presented the Government of the day in the light of a body of time-servers whose word is certainly not its bond. For this violation of what was practically a covenant between the Premier and the people ol tbe fields, Mr Wittcooom is deserving of the severest censure, and because of it and its consequence, the confidence of the goldfields voters will be withdrawn from the Department of Mines so long as he continues to administer it. It is useless a? well as unnecessary to suggest how the Minister might have aohieved bis object —if that ol'ject was the protection of the leaseholder. We claim that nothing should have b°en done unless with the sanction of Parliament, now in a position to voice the necessities of the mining community, and to furnish valuable and intelligent suggestions as to how they may be met. In acting as he has done Mr Wittenoom has given the most ' indisputable evidence that he is . not of the responsibilities of his high office. He has, and it appears, not unintentionally discredited biscotleagues discounted the undertaking of his chief, and demonstrated his utter unfitness to retain ais seat in the Cabinet. lie has thrown the goldfields communities into a state bordering on panic, and furnished an opportunity for incendiary orators to take the stump and influence the people against a Government which had, in the face of a determined and long-continued opposition succeeded in ob'aining practically their undivided confidence. There is, however, no necessity for inflammatory speeches 01- incendiary harangues, and wild and Inud-mouthed helchings forth of threatenings and slaughter. The Government is not blameable for the act of the Minister. Had Sir John Forrest been in tbe province tbe case would have been altogether different. Then there would have been good reason for strong and blunt speech, seasoned with breathings of revolution and incitement to disregard and set at defiance constituted authority. In the circumstances there is no warrant for even a threat of proceeding to extremes, and such extremes as have been suggested in the speech of one member of Parliament must not here be approached even by suggestion. In the interests of all, Law and Order must be Dreserved. We can gain our ends by reasonable and legitimate pro cess. 