GIVERS AND SHARKS. ? £ Diverp grhq .hVve^been down In foreign iseag tell of excitiqg, encounter?* with Sharks:-~ v, tent it appears that, "tbe ftemott'bf the'sea," with all its voi^eity; Is a little" tixtaid in presence of the grange creature that wears at shtntng l^eiipet,,jwjth, the 1 eye.of a. Gergon and. ^ .long jprlnme- of Msjsing- aip-tbifblUes, JL diver who spent some.: years at tbe Australian peart fisheries describes in this way his first 1 encounter with a shark:— "I felt insttiietivefe-/* he' says, "au strange, presence before I saw anything'. The small - fish usually found in great Humiwhs* aSmong -'the " coral^5had entirely disappeared, and the absence of these, flitting.little companions, when one has Thecoma accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense stillness. "A ereepy, indefinable sensation «f dread -took hold of me. and it becameone of downright terror when I turned! and saw, -witbin ten feet of me, the bulls of an immense shark. The creature layalmost motionless, half-hidden among: a mass of cobweb corallines. My firstthought was to be pulled up; but as fish have human nature enough to want a. thing as soo'h as" they see it is being taken away • from them, I rejected the Idea: A sweep -'of Its tail,' and the great fish and I were face to face. "Homing my breath, T stood perfectly still, my ht*art beating wildly and my eyes rivietted"bb the wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that- the .monster was inspecting-, me with some curiosity, and after a fewmoments I became aware that by an almost imperceptible motion of its flexible -tail it was gradually approach.- " " blood could stELhd it 110 longer, and wxtit a yell I threw up my arms. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished." . . Another shark story, this. time, from. the West Indies. "A large steajner," the diver relates! ""had struck' on a reef anct then" slipped off into deep -Water, taking- . With her the jnails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particularly wanted, and I was in the chartroom under, the. bridge . working for them when suddenly, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big brute between me and the door. I went ereepy all over, I can tell you. But £ kept still and so did he. except that .he worked a, fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a tide. . I got the knife in. my belt loose, and waited. The sharlc evidently did not know* what to. make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move towards the door, and had almost reached it when the shark made 11 sudden rush in the same direction—aricl disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright I don't know." But encounters with , sharks don't always end so. Some years ago an. English diver,--who was at work on a. sunken wreck off the island of Diega Garcia, had a. visit, from the same shark every day for a week. At first he bad. no-trouble in scaring it away; it was enough if he gave a turn to the escape^ valve in his helmet and let out..a little air.'. But ait the end of the week it liad. become very troublesome. -The diver • signalled for a knife and a looped rope, and then boldly held out his bare hand as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush and was turning on its back when it was stabbed by the diver, who then passed the .loop round, its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included, in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his bread in the sea. The story is told of a diver who sawtwo ghosts, "full fathom five" under, tbe surface. He had gone down to the wreck of a large steamer, and was crossing the main saloon when two greyshapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not wait to matenotes for the Psychical -Society, but. gave the danger signal, and was at onjje-- pulled up.. Told'in tbe -cheerful liglrt af - day, it seemed rather a lajne story; and another diver went down to see what he could make of it. Towards him also came the shambling grey shapes. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then, going boldly forward, struck his hatchet through—a mirror! The ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much enlarged, of course, as every=thiiig- is that a diver sees through the great frontal eye of his helmet. 