The Yariety Entertainment. The Minstrel and Viarieby Entertainment in aid of the Qneanbhyan B'nnvn.lent Society took place in the Protestant Hall on Wed. nesday nigh',- before,a fairly large audience. The first part conist?d of minstrel-y, with Mr W.'O'Neill ,as Bones, Mr T. Olowery as Tamho and Mr O. Yates as Interlocutor. Some laughable patter was provided. Of the pinging Mr H. Parson achieved success with' ".The last farewell." M'r O'Neill's ,comic songs were all relished and encored. Mr E. Yates tendered "The picture turned toward the wall" nicely, as also did Mr H. 0o.ne " The song of the steeple." After a hrief interval Mir R. Po:,ley gave the c imic, " Pd.t Maloie forgot th it he was dead," and was encoled. Mr O'Neill b:ought down the house with ".To0ching 'em up a hit" The ierrpressible " Mullgan Guards," under Colonil Olowery, .were, aglin -present, and eore amusingly gob.up. The programme was concluded at a late hour with a funny farce. . Miss HRudson nact'd as accompanist, and her pl ying was a feature of the evening. The following programme was submitted : Opening chorus, De Ole Banjo, company; song, Sailin2, Mr F. Warren; song, The Last Farewell,` 'Mr H. Parsons (encored); song,. Den Dolr; Mr O. Yates; ccmin song, N .thing, "Mr W. W. A. O'Neill (encored) ; sn:,b, The Picture turned towards the Wall, Mr E. Y.,tes ; song, T'ie Song of the Steeple on the Hill;,Mfr H. Cano (-.noore:) soe0', '1'errv, my. Blue-eyed Irish Boy, h1r R. M,'ussell '(encored) ; Finale, Our Jack's come Home To-d ly, Meesrs Clowery and O'Neill ; -song, Pat Malone forgot bthat he was dead, Mr R. Pooley (encoretd) ; song, Queen rf 'he Earth, Mr R. Maunsell (encored); song, We've ba?? Toutching 'em tp a Bib, Mir Wy A. O'Neill .(encored);. song, The Oos'er's St+ter, Mir H. Parsons ; song, Hell never see his Mother any More, Mr -R. PoolY! ; song, The Sea is Englend's Glory, M!r F., Warren .; sketclh, The Mulligan Guards.. Farce, The Gliost in the Pawnshop. COast -o characteis-Pe wnbrlker, Mr E Yi'tes; b y (J,'e), Mr H. Parsons; Ginger, a servanht, Mr Terry Clowery.; Joe's ghost, Mr R. 'H. Pooley; Ohinaman, Mr O: Yates'; Derlf arid Dumb, Mr R. P'r..ons; Irishman, Mr O. Yatea; Black Gin, Mr H. Oino. The iecaipts of the enter:ainment were £6' lOs, the expenses £1 3s Sd-leaving a balance of £5 6s 4d to go to' the Benevolent Society. Mr Garrawoy, president of the Benevolent Society, has sent the following letter to. Mr R Pooley, secretary, as-under-On behalf of the Queanbeyan Benevolent Society I have pleasure in thanking you and the members of the Quean beyan Amateur Minstrals who so kindly gave their services in the recent very successful entertainment in aid of the Benevolent Society and in acknowledging the receipt of £5 Gs 4d I am pleased to. say that during the past year the public have recognised more fully than before the work which the society is doing in relieving all possible calls of distress amongst the old and needy of the district, and the more liberal support which has been afforded has enabled the society to extend its sphere of help. fulness. 