FEDERATION. FEDERATION BILL. The following opportune verses appear in last week's Bulletin under a picture representing "Federation Bill" kneeling in a suppliant attitude at the feet of "Miss Australia." [For THE BULLETIN.] "Sat 'Yes' '' pleaded Bill to the girl when he met her With hope in his accent and truth in his eyes ; "I don't mean to say that you couldn't do better— I haven't attempted to win you with lies— But I say, don't give way to your temper perverse, Just take mo for better than one that were worse. "The things said against me are mostly the raillings Of foxy old M.P.'s whose game you don't know ; They draw up a list of my natural failings, And don't give my virtues the ghost of a show. Shut your eyes, and your fears will in silence disperse; Take Bill for much better than one that were worse." "You must have a Bill, as you've freely admitted : Tis time your affections were properly placed— Of all willing women, the ones to be pitied Are flirts who get finally married in haste ; Which mistake, when awake to its folly, they curse. Accept Me for better than anything worse. "I'm healthy and strong, I've a clean constitution To the best of my friend's honest, ardent belief, And the plans that I'd put into swift execution Would safeguard your future from coming to grief. So I guess you'll say ' Yes ' ; you will not be averse To accepting this Bill for a better than worse." Miss A. took his hand in a manner confiding, But did not reply with the three-lettered word. "My answer," she said, "needs a lot of deciding— You'll get it in writing, dear boy, on the Third." "Yes," or "No" —written so, is bound to be terse ; Will she take Bill for better, or wait for worse ? At a public meeting held in Wollongong on Wednesday night in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church the Rev. A. Mackay (Presbyterian) in referring to the question of federation advised the people to vote for the Bill for the glory of God. The Rev. J. S. Austin (Wesleyan) who followed, said he differed from Mr. Mackay, and would advise everyone to voto against the Bill for the glory of God. The Rev. J. Holden (Sydney) said he also intended voting on June 3rd for the glory of God, but would record his vote as his conscience dictated, and would advise all to do the same. He did not consider it came within the province of a clergyman to advise the people to vote one way or the other. 