Apprr^A Noeth. — VTe have received- a contribution from a correspondent which we regret tliat we are compelled to hold over until our next issue. Thick v.. Thin Sowing op V-'heat.— In our fourth pape will be found a reprint J article on 'Thick t. Thin Sowing of Wheat.' Acoixnij SAtK8.—f)ti Wednesday, April; 13, at half past 2 o^cloclc at Herbert-street, I-Hura, Megsr* .1 Sjiker & Co. will sell -m betmU of Bev S liayuiond, household furni ture and effects,, piano,, horee, buggy, &u.; Alto at the same time cottage* lately occupied by M«, Clement* and. Mr, R.. Kose, together with land. Dbnxx«zkx. — Messrs. Eskell and TattecsalL will pay tbeir next visit to Laura on Wednesday, March S.O. I Mb D Roper.- -This gentleman will preach in »he Laura Weeleyan Church next Sunday morning, The evenine service at this Church will commence at half-past six until, farther noticei. Me A S Campbell.-- -We rogret to learn ©f the serious illness, in Adelaide, of Mr Stuart Campbell (eldtst son. of our respected Town Clerk), who is suffering- from, typlioi'l fever; Mr Campbell was advised by wire on Wednesday evening of the serious nature of his son's illness ; and went to Adelaide by the midnight train. Laura Homing Club. — A meeting was heldiai Mr McDonald'* shop on Wednesday evening Mr W Wilson J V, presided over a final! attendance, The trophies won last season were distributed' to- those present The following officers were elected .- - President, Mr H Weston, Secretary, Mr F T Brasted. Committee. Messrs W Wilson J P, I Taylor .7 1\ H McDonald, aad T C Lawsoa. A flying programme was submit ted, and it was resolved that the meeting be adjourned till next Wednesday, April 13. A strong feeling was expressed in favor of releasing birds altogether, but in deference to the expressed vieh of one or two not present the matter was left over till next meeting. The Secretary was instructed to request all members in arrears last season to pay the amounts due by them to close accounts. Laxtua Primitive Methodist Chiirch, On Sunday last harvest thanksgiving services were held in this church.. The Rev. S. Raymond preached in ihe morning from Matt. 21, 28, and in the evening (when he also preached his farewell sermon) from 2 Cor. 13, 14,. ' The grace of the Lord Jesus Chrisi, and the love of God, and the communion of. the lloly Ghost he -rith. you alL' Considering the slate of the weather, the congregations duuug the day were goo:i. Next Sunday afternoon the Kev. S. Raymond will preach a fareweil sermon m the Stone Hut Primitive MetkodisS Church. Labra- Weslbvax Chouch. — The quarterly meeting was held in tlie We?ley=in Cnurch, Appila Yarrowie, on Monday last The Kev. W. G. Clarke presided. Thy receipts were stated by the Senior Circuit Steward (Mr.. H- G- BowUnd.). to b« £112 and the ?xpenditure £87 (including about £'J for new well at pnrBonage), The hat v^si thanksgiving services throughout the circuit had realized- £S0, whiih had reduced the circuit debt by £25, leaving the debt at £50. Mr. U. G Rowland (Conference representa tive) gave an acuoutu of the last sittings of Conference, and accounts were also given l-j Uie Jitvo. VK. X. HJaJ:t and VV. G. Ciarkri. —Tiie Aoatvermy of the Appila Yumnvb \V«Blc-yn.n Cliurcli was --.-rl^l-rat« 1 on Sunday and Monday last. Three sermons wi-re preached by the Uev. W. T.^Hian fof JamestownJ on Sunday. Tiiere was a public tea on. Monday afternoon which wbs followed by a public meel'uijr, at which Uiere was a. crowded attendance. Mr. H. G. Rowland prt-wiled, and addresses were delivered by the ChHirman, Rfcvi. W. T: Hum ami W. G. Clarke, *nd Mr. U. K. Walker. Mr. Hiatt delivered a lengthy »ddres»on ' Th« West London. Mission.** At the close of the meeting there wi,s a supper, which was well ait.nde'J. The rain on Sunday affected tlie congregations^ The singing of the choir under tlie lendersoip of Mr. W H. Wrtit, J-.P. was t-xcelletil at all the cervices, Misa Bowman presiding ax the orjan. Scnoot.Mi*TBE8s's C0MPLA.INT A rr.iitress at the Melburn Street Board School, London,, was- assaulted, on the 2nd. in St., in a curious fashion. In the morning she placed a small slip of gummed paper across the mouth ot a little girl wlio. persisted in talking, in the afternoon the child's mother and elder sister entered, the school room, and 'he sister suddenly chipped a lu'ge piece of dirty glued- paper over the- UL-iuth of the mistress. Those concerned went before the magistrate at Clerkeaweil. on. Monday, anil the offenders- were lwund or«r to keep Uie pL-ace..— Exchange JnuGje's Knowledge op Yiddish. A wi-ness who- appeared at Whitechnpel County Court,. accompanied by his daughter professed to- speak no Elngli^h Judge Bacon— 1= suppose you do This isgenerailv a fa ret* The D«ug!iter---He cannot,, really Judge Bacon-— Oh, of course not ( Laugh ur) Interpret the oaib, to him. The girl . began, lo- speak in- Yiddish to- h^r father J-nd^e Baco.i --Tint is not interpreting Repeat in Viiiiish what 1 say 'The evidence you gic»? to the Court ? ' The Dauglner— -Hie wuhrhi-it Judge Baco\a : ' WuJirheLt is Yiddish for *-truth.1 ?'? The D«ugluer----')f. coarse- {.know that i told : him. so Ju-ige Bacon.--~Y-)ui did not inter pret Tellium-, li The evidence- you give to the Court ? ' The Daughter^- -Die -wuhrheit sagan ? ? (Laughter^ J.udgo Bacon— -N'o,- no- Interpret what I said After several at temps the girl did fo Judge Bacon—Shall be the truth The g:rl— Soil die wuiirhtit sein Judge Bacon — The whole truth The G4rl--TWuhrheit wahrnuit Judge Bacon— -No, no. Die Ganzji Wuhrheit The Girl-- -O'l, yes You know better than me Judge Bacon— -And nothing but the truth Witness (in. Rjipiish)--- And nodings but der troot (Laughter) Judge- B^tcon — You see he understands English all the while.. What rubbisli it all is The farce is played here every day--- Exchange- The Wbatuer. — Seasonable rains have fallen since our last issue^ which have com pletely changed the aspect of fiffiairs. The nice rainfall is regarded as a hopeful augury of the coming season. The fall registered at Laura Post Office is- as follows:- — April 2, 0 100 ; i, 1-270. 