CREDULITY. Spectator." On the whole, we may say, the univer sal tendency, of mankind is towards belief; by which we'mean that men will gener ally bold some proposition not obviously ridiculous to be true, or some alleged fact not inherently impossible to have taken place, rather than adopt the atti tude of- contradiction. This tendency of mankind to believe has been the main stay of charlatanry, as it has been the support of religion. It seems as though Nature could not provide for the pro gress of the race without constantly risk ing unfortunate, or even bad, results. Thus the very.continuance of the.race on the planet involves in the average human being a certain overmastering passion which is, though needful, apt to lead, in millions of instances, to the most appal ling tragedies. The quite innocent crav ing for liquid which shall allay thirst in volves all the horrors of drunkenness. The keys of knowledge open op the Mark Dyeways of crime as well as the great avenues of industry and virtue. A groat price has to be paid, in short, for every gain ; and in no field of human life has the price paid been higher, the risk taken-iriore serious, than in the matter of the capacity of man for belief. Bacon, with bis usual wisdom, expressed what every reflecting man will confirm, when he declared that he would rather believe all the fables in the Talmud or the Koran than deny the being of the Universal Mind. That is to say, better religion with the risk of widespread superstition than the barren deserts of negation. Fortunately, man is so constituted that he can never wander in those deserts long. But the most interesting problem with reference to the prevailing aptitude for credulity is : "Why does (unreasonable belief persist, even in civilised rations and among many persons who are by no means fools in worldly, affairs, after the progress of culture and 'the many ex posures of' fraud and superstition of which the records of the world are full ? •England is a highly civilised country, with centuries of culture, with ingrained habits of investigation, shrewd at bargaining, rich in aphorisms of worldly wisdom, .with hundreds of news papers, and millions of books, and tens of thousands of "schools, and yet, with all this background of history and all this mighty apparatus, of knowledge, we all know that, once a popular delusion is started, it will race through the land like flame over a prairie, claiming millions as its victims.. The most superficial ghost stories are greedily swallowed, the alleged healing powers of some quack, if sufficiently advertised, are believed. Boston is .the most cultivated city in America, and yet there are whole streets in that city given over to- " mediums," who make a good living by professing to cure diseases and to foretell the future ; and it is difficult to take up an American daily paper without seeing advertisements of wizards and astrologers, showing that the mental attitude of the Middle Ages nay, of ancient Babylon or Judaea—has not ceased to, exist, in!the world's most modern and most progressive nation. "It seems that we may .find tbe.most advanced mechanical progress side by side with the eager instinct to gulp down all manner of.delusive quackeries ; as in Paris in the last century : Cagliostro was the con temporary • of Voltaire.- There • is a passage in Amiel which we should always do well.to keep in mind : If you would think well of men, do not expect too much from them." - Now, it is .probable "that one chief reason of the shock of sur prise which comes over a . cultivated man when be bears of some raging delu sion which is abroad is that he expects i too much of the mass of men. That is to say, that he expects: too much ,froin their reasou. The reasoning powers of the average man are fairly good when you supply him with the bases and facts. If ho 6ces smoke he can infer a firo ; and; in a.simple, direct way, he can argue out any matter in which ho feels interest. But put before him a more complex case, in.which alleged facts are not to he taken . for granted or hypotheses con structed without a sufficient base, and how feeble be becomes ! It bas been pointed out again and again by various writers that the theory that there has been real intellectual progress in the world is one of very doubtful validity. We have progressed in social efficiency, in the multiplication of contrivances for making life easier, in our grasp of an ever-increasing repertory of facts ; but what we know of ancient Babylon and Greece compels us to doubt whether the human miml has really become more powerful as human life has opened out on the planet. The meu who were capable of appreciating the logic and eloquence of Demosthenes were, certainly, from the intellectual point of view, a higher people than the higher items that com pose a London jurj*. In short, wo must realise tho fact that, whatever may be the determining factor in what wo call progress, it is not, so far as can he discovered, a progressively deepening in tellect. 