Chins. While one German author has just published three -volumes on the study of the greatest Ger man of the century, another has devoted exactly .the same amount of printer's ink and paper to a treatise on-the mouths and chins of women. Like Jean Paul Richter at the beginning of the century, and Mr. Marion Crawford In our own days, this student of his kind asserts that you can tell a person's character by no other features than the mouth and chin. Particularly is this the case where women are concerned. The follow ing is an extract from this deeply Interesting work : "The round, soft, dimpled chin indicates a feeble will and craving for pleasures and frivoli ties. It also shows love of music and dancing. It is a sign that its possessor is a bad manager, good-natured, not altogether unpractical, but ca pricious and sulky." Moral to men-Give prefer enee to square, heavy chins, unaffected by the ghost of a dimple. There are pages upon pages dealing with the qualities of the head and the heart, denoted by the size and shape of the chin. Among the chins to be strictly avoided must be counted the following, thsugh at first sight it seems as innocent and guileless a feature as the chin of a china doll:- . "The small, mobile, daintily protruding chin de notes a strong but capricious will. It shows more imagination than heart, a desire of taking a prominent part in the vanities of the world. It is a mixture of sentimentality and good sense. It Is whimsical and jealous. It will make unhappy the lives of those with whom it has to live, but it will do well for an ambitious man's wife, as its owner will fascinate and make a good hostess." Briefly, tho owner of this chin seems to belong to the category of women who are, according to the old adage, "street angels, but home devils." It has been suggested by a clever writer that a millionaire might do a great service to the anti quarians of some 5000 years hence by constructing a lasting monument, such as the Pyramids, and enclosing In it a number of specially prepared books printed on parchment or other tough paper, together with samples of our scientific and ar tistic attainments, the whole collection to be her metically sealed and placed In a secure spot where time could not affect it. 