THE EARLY SIXTIES. By Mrs. G. T. Weale. I have been asked to write a few more reminiscences of the Downs in the early sixties, and am pleased to comply with the request ; but, as I kept no diary, they are written from memory, and are therefore open to correction as to dates. Toowoomba in the early days was a busy little place and the rendezvous for all the Downs squatters. We had races and balls and riding parties. Nearly every Saturday there were kangaroo hunts ; a " battle" often came off in the hollows near Gabbinbar ; there was one very deep chasm called Hell Hole, where very few riders ventured. There was much rivalry between Drayton and Toowoomba ; the residents in the latter township were called " swamp dwellers" and " red jog-trot- ters," and retaliated by calling the Draytonites " bullockies" and " Drayton drunks." Drayton was then a clean, smart little township, with a court- house, several good stores, and quite a swell hotel called "The Bull's Head." From the hill upon which it stood could be seen the undulating and thickly grassed plains of the Westbrook and Eton Vale runs. The bullock-drivers were an important element in the democratic strata of society ; so were the shearers ; the navvies also, when the construction of the railway line began. Hotels flourished everywhere. I have seen Ruth- ven-street, Toowoomba, lined with bullock teams from end to end, taking down the wool after the shearing season, to return with loadings of mer- ' chandise, flour, furniture-in fact, everything in the way of supplies for the town. From twelve to sixteen bullocks were yoked to each dray. Every bullock had a name ; the surname must have been " a swear," for they wouldn't move unless they were sworn at, with an accompanying crack of the whip. The thickly wooded Range attracted the clouds, for It seemed to be ! always raining, and the tenacious red mud adhered to everything ; the road was like ploughed-up red clay with ruts half-a-foot deep. But there was money in the place, and it went ahead wonderfully. There was much kind feeling and unanimity among all classes. There were several handsome married J ladies, and, as to gentlemen, there were about six to every lady, perhaps more. They came in from the surrounding stations and townships whenever there were festivities, and they did not come empty-handed, but with turkeys, ducks, j wongas, and quail dangling from their saddles. A fine lot of men they were, with their bronzed faces shaded by the big cabbage-tree hats and streaming white silk puggaree a sensible head- gear adopted by most men in those days. The races were grand affairs ; squat tars rode their own horses in the Corn third Stakes, and paid their glove-debts by the dozens to the ladles. At the subsequent ball everyone was good friends with everyone. I remember at one I opened the ball with the Governor, and danced the next dance with the tinsmith, and a very good dancer he was. The ladies' costumes came from London and Paris, and the squall ters were lavish with their money. Not all of them viewed the expenditure with good grace. I said to one " How nice your wife looks to-night." "And so she ought," he replied, " with the price of twenty bullocks on her back." The other day I was reading, " In the Early Days," a charming little history making volume. In it Mr. Knight makes mention of the Kangaroo Point murder, and the conviction of a man upon circumstantial evidence. This reminded me of the mysterious Ruthven-street murder in Toowoomba, which has never been cleared up to this day. I give the narrative from my point of view and as it affected our small section of the community. As regards dates, I am open to correction, and there are the police records which will fix those ; besides, there are many people residing now in Toowoomba who remember the whole affair : Among the many hospitable entertainers in those days were Dr. and Mrs. Stacy. They lived in a long veran dashed house in the middle of Ruthven street. One evening, about the year 1866, a merry party was assembled at an evening dance. About 8.30 the doctor was called to attend a woman who had fallen down in a fit on the road close by. He returned in about half-an hour, merely telling us that the poor woman was dead. She was a respectable woman, well known, and this was the first evening she had ventured from home since her confinement, which had taken place a fortnight previous. What was our horror the next morning to hear that a foul murder had been committed within a few hundred yards of the place where we had been dancing-a woman cruelly strangled to death ! Three or four women gave evidence at the Police Court that they had been assaulted by a man that evening in the same locality, but had managed to evade him. It was rather a dark night, but their descriptions of the man tallied-a thick- set man with a black beard, and dressed in a black coat. There was not much police protection in those days, but many of the townspeople volunteered ; the country was scoured for miles round, but no trace of the murderer was found. I do not remember whether black trackers were employed. After a time the search was given up, but the murder was talked of for years afterwards. About two months after the murder my husband had to take up survey at Warra warra ; it was almost " Never never" country then. The whojftcanip went with him. I remained at home the house on the Gowrie-road, with two good women servants. About a week after the cook said a man waited to see me about digging a well. I went out to speak to him. Directly I looked at him a queer cold feeling went to my heart He was a short, thick-set man, with a stubbly black beard, and shifting grey-green eyes. " When will the master be home, Misses F" he said. " Not for six weeks, I answered (like a little fool). is Did he leave any message with the men about digging a well ?" " No," I said " all the men have gone out to camp, and I never heard any mention of well-digging." "Well, misses, I'll call again when the master comes back." it had a presage of evil ; the snake like gray eyes and cruel look of the man haunted me, but I said nothing to the girls. The nurse slept in an outside room ; the cook, a big, strapping Irish girl, equal in point of strength to any man, slept upstairs. Like Macbeth's witches, I felt " By the twitching of my thumbs some evil this way comes." In the middle of the night, about 1 o'clock, the veranda boards creaked, and a stealthy step of stockinged feet came near. Some one lifted my bedroom window. It was one that stuck when it was raised four inches, and refused to be further lifted by any upward pressure. When I could get my voice, I faltered, "If you don't move away, I will shoot you through the body with my revolver" (manufactured for the occasion). The man moved away. I heard his retiring creaking footsteps. Using all my shaking energy, I man- aged to push down the window, and wedged It all round with scissors, hairpins tweezers, and button-hook. Adjoining was a storeroom, with a small window that no one could open. I heard a grating noise like a wedge being inserted, the window was lifted, and some one jumped in. Then with joy I remembered the storeroom door was locked. We had a splendid kangaroo dog ; she was given to us by Dr. Nelson (father of Sir Hugh and was nearly thoroughbred ; a faithful companion and a good house-dog. Where was Dido ? It came suddenly to my mind that we had not seen or heard her that night. I made a great noise at the dividing boards, and called to Anne, the cook, to come down, for said I, "there must be a cut in the store- room." I took a black's waddy in my hand, and Anne unlocked the door. " There's nothing here," she said, " only the window is wide open." So we , wedged it down with nails, and Anne retired in happy ignorance of the-In- truder. I sat up, half-dead with fright. I could hear my heart beating against the arm of the chair. Not half-an-hour after a piercing shriek came from the outside bedroom ; I ran to the back door, and let poor Katherine In. " Oh !" she cried, " a man was in my room. He stood by my bed, and had his hands near my throat." There was a door on the opposite side of the bed, with only an inside latch. She sprang out, and, running round the kitchen, evaded the man. By the small night-light that was burning she dimly saw the man. Her description to the magistrate was A thick-set man in a black coat, with a short black beard. At daybreak we had the constable up, and the police magistrate took Katherine's evidence. Upon examining the premises they found the storeroom window had been raised with a spade and Dido poisoned (but not fatally) under the house. Dido recovered and lived for thirteen years, to be crushed to death in the fatal embrace of an old man kangaroo on Felton Run. Hearing of our fright, and thinking that we were somewhat unprotected, the Hon. John Watts drove into town and took us out to Eton Vale. I did not write any particulars to my husband at Warra warra. At the end of five weeks he returned, and his first question was " Did anything happen on this night ?" Opening his diary he showed me a written statement-" At 1 o'clock I awoke suddenly, a man was kneeling on my chest, he had his hands to my throat ; I saw that he had a black beard and gray eyes. I threw him off and saw him raise the flap of the tent and run out. I roused the men, but we could find no one but I am positive it was not a dream." The date and the time tallied, also the description of the man. I am not superstitious ; anyone who asked me to believe a ghost story I should laugh to scorn ; but I do admit that there are psychological phenomena, a communion of spirit, an animal ranged train between kith and kin, beyond the fathom of the finite human mind. Most of us, at some time in our lives, have experienced this electric affinity, we have been impressed with the nearness of danger, we have felt the spirit presence when the material body has been thousands of miles away. But there is a sequel to the Ruthven street murder. About fifteen years after mention was made in the papers of a man having died in the Dalby Hospital, and having confessed before his death to the perpetration of the Toowoomba murder. The face of the man who spoke to me about the well haunted me, and I continually dreamt that he was looking in at the window. Just before the Dalby episode I saw it no more, and, indeed, now I could not recall it if I would These are lugubrious reminiscences, but of the actual murder and of the means taken to trace the murderer there are many people who can give much fuller and more satisfactory details than myself. I am afraid my testimony is what a Judge would call vitiated evi- dence-that is, to say, testimony made subservient to the emotional bias. A bamboo organ has been built for the Jesuits' church at Shanghai, and is said to surpass organs made of metal. As bamboo can be obtained of all dimensions, from the thickness of a pen to pieces of a foot in diameter? this natural material costs little more than the simple labour, and the notes are beautifully soft and pleasant to the ear. 