Religious Samuel and Saul. A Sermon delivered by C.H. SPURGEON that I may show thte the word of Ood." — 1 Samuel ix. 27. Samuel knew that this young man waa about to be made a king, to take upon him very heavy responsibilities, and he might either be a great curse to Israel or a great blessing, and therefore the man of G<xi, with all the gravity of his years, and ail the earnestnesd of his loving sp.rit, tald, "Btand thou still a while, that I may show thee the word of God." Try and think, my hearer, that no one Is here except the preacher and yourself, and that he means you wfcen he speaks. I. First, let us think upon the attention which Samuel requested. He sa*d to ihe servant, " Pass on before us," and he passed on. Will you, also, kindly try to dismiss from your minds «ny other thought* besides those which we will try to bring before you. Bid the servant pass on; for get for a while your business, forget your family, forget your Joys, lorgec your sor rows. I wish I could so speak that mea would say of my preaching what they said of Whitefleld's. One man said, " Whenever I went to church before, I calculated how many looms the church would hold" —for he was a weaver—" but when I heard WtaiteHeM I never thought of a loom." I pray you, help me in my endeavour to engross your attention. Let the loom go, and the kitchen go, and the business go . send on the servant, and be alone now with yourself and your God. The next point in the attention requested was the desire that he would " stand **M a while." As much as to say—l have some what important to «ay, and you will oaich it better if you are quiet and motionless as to your tody, but especiaMy if your mind can be still. Forget the a-sea that you sought after, and jour father's house, and all home concerns, and calmly listen to me. I pray you, let the gospel have its own legi timate effect upon you. Lay 'bare your bosom to it. Is not this what the word of God deserves ? When Ood sp.ake let all be silent. Hush, ye senators, If God speaks. Sit still, ye princes, if the King of kings liftß up his voice. Quiet, even ye chdirs cekstial, if Jehovah speaks. An obedient homage should be paid to the voice of God by the de«p awe and rever ence of the spirt. Do you ever get alone and sit still, and say, as Samuel did, in the dead of night, "Speak, Lord, for thy ser vant heareth"? I have beard that the great clock at St. Paul's can scarcely be heard in Cheapside, 'by reason of the traffic that Is going by; and to the most oleum voices are drowned amidst the din and uproar of business. Come, dear friend, send on y.ur servant, forget your business, and eta: d stlH, that I may show you the Word of God. It certainly is only by such attention that the Word of God is likely to bless us. You can easily feed hungry horses, and you can ca«.'ly feed souls that hunger and thirst after rlghteoupness : " They shall be filled." The Lord help us to give earnest heed to His own saving Word. But many things arlM to prevent this attention. You cannot get some folks to be still, they are so frivol ous, you cannot make them think. Sntm men dread the process of thinking, almost as much as they would a touch of the " cat" on their backs. Any silly tale, or idle song, or light amusement, or pastime, will entice thew, but they have no soul for serious things. Others, on the other hand, are so exceedingly careful about the things of this world that you cannot get them to think of thn Word of Ood. What is heaven to them ? They know a plan for making a large profit. You shall talk to them of Christ and all His beauties, but they will not aftord you a though i : Jingle a half-sovereign near them, and you shall excite all their desires. O, my hearer, if indeed you be a man made In tho image of Ood, and destined to live for evci, it is but the commonest common sense that you should begin to prepare for those eternal abodes in which you are to dwell world without end. Do stand still a while, and let nothing come in to break the silence of voiir spirit, while you listen to the voice of Ood. 11\. Consider the subject upon which Samuel discoursed with Saul, or rather the suu?o('t about which I would discourse at this time, if I am so happy as to have bc-uirtd your ear. He says, " Stand thou still a while, that I may show thee the word of Ood." The subject is the Word of Ood. That God should give us a Word at all is v«.ry gracious. It is wonderful that He should condiHcend to speak to us, because ye cannot understand much : we are like litilt children at the very best. For our tuavenly Father to brine down the great nunntLgs of His vast mind into human lan guage I<j something very wonderful. When Ho si okf- on Sinai with the accompaniment of teniiest and lightning, it was a gracious thing for Ood to speak to man anyhow ; hut in these last days He has SDoken to us hv His Son Jesus Christ, Who Is the Word : Jesus has come down into this world on purpose to interpret Ood to man. A man's mind goes to another man's mind by a word: tin- word tells what was in the speaker's thought. So Christ comes from Ood to us. Ocd says v, us, " You wish me to speak : that is My speech, My Son ; read My love to you in the fact that I gave my Son ; read My injustice, for I made him bleed ; read My mercy, for in Him I pass by trans gression, iniquity, and sin." Does God ppeak in such golden language, does He speak by His own Son, the eternal Word, and need I ask that He should have a hearing ? In the particular word of God which Samuel spoke to Saul there woe some like ness to the message which I am bound to deliver to you. For, first, Samuel Bpoke to Saul about a kingdom, of which this young man should be the king. He never dreamed of that before. He had thought of his father's asses, but a throne and a crown had never entered hte mind. Dost know, O strange young man, thou who hast stolen in to this service, that there is such a thing as the kingdom of God ? Jesus said, " Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, *nd all these things shall be aided unto you." Dost know, young man, that t'aou mayest !-e a king ? Tea, if thou giv>>»t good hood to the gospel, thou shalt be a king, and sing with us unto the Lord Jesus, for He hath made us kings and priests urto God, and we shall reign «i»n Him. Art thou occu pied entirely with thy business, with seek ing after a degree at the university, with striving to pass an examination or gain a situation ? I will not call thee away from such pursuits, vet '• tbore toraething hi^ber than these. Thou mayest not be contented with such things as these, for God calls thee, He calls thee to a higher destiny, to something noble—«o noble that those who share in it rank higher than the kings of the earth. Samuel showed Saul the word of God x>y an anointing. He took out a Mask, which contained a little oil. and *c poured it on his head. My hearer, stanj thou st'll a while, and I will tell thee of an anointing. If thou doet tegard this present voice of God, and dost heartily Incline thin; ear, and come unto Christ that thou mayest live, thou shalt by so doing receive an anointing from the Holy One by whloti :hou rhalt know all things that concern thy soul and thy God. Thou sayest, " I knrxv 'it'.le about religion." Thou shalt be taught of God, for this is the promise : " All thy childr m fhall be taught of th* Lord, and groat shall be the peace of thy children. ' Thou myest. " I am not capable of high and noble things." Thou shalt be made capable, for in the day when God anoints theo tVr»u shalt recelvo strength,—" To as many aa ri»ceiv.\i Him, to them gave He powor to become the rons of God." Thou ah alt receive enlighten ment and illumination by the divine unction of the Holy Ghost. Hast thou ever thought of this ? There is not only water to waah thee, but toil to anoint thee. Christ can take away thy Bin at this moment, and Fie can also give thee grace bo that thou sha'.t leave off ihe habits which hitherto haw bound thee down, and become a new crea ture in Christ Jesus. Is not such a gracious visitation worth standing still 10 receive ir ? Samuel spake to Saul about a changi that he should undergo. For as he talked wkh him be said, " Thou bhalt meet a coiipany of prophets, and thou shalt prophesy, and become another man." Llttie can you tell, my dear friend, what God will do with you. If thou be willing nnd obedient thou ittait eat the good of the land ; if the spirit of God shall lead thee in penitence to confess thy sin, and in humble, childlike faith ro lay hold on Christ, t*iou shalt boc.ims, in a higher sense '.han fd'.il over was, " ar.oiher man." Thou rfhaH !»o horn again ; »bou shalt be a new creature in Christ .I°«vs. " I could never be a Christian," says nut. No, not as you are, but you shall 'je jaa-'e a new man, and the new man is made in the image of Christ, and 1b a Christian. Hast thou never heard that God can destroy In thee the power of sin, and bring thee under another dominion, and make thee as eager after right as thou hast been after wrong, and make thee as happy in the ser vice of Christ as ever thou wast in the service of the devil, ay, and ten thou sand times more so ? This is what we want you to think about, then, the kingdom, the anointing, and the change that' God can work in you. If you will come and think well of the word of God, you will see in It that which will meet all the past of your lire, whatever it has been. There may be blots upon it, but in the word of God you will find that which will wash them all aiuy. The word of God will tell you how you shall be made to start again in life, delivered from every crimson stain. A* to the present, does It puzzle thee ? Ah, well It may, for life Is a tangled skein to those who know not God. But thou shalt find the clue of It, thou shalt thread the labyrinth, thou shalt see how even they afflictions work for thy good, how thy sickness means thy health, how thy being out of work and in poverty is to make thee rich, how even thy lying at death's door is sent to give thee life. And as to the future, wouldst thou read aright thy destiny ? My Lord can tell thee the future by making thee know that " surely goodness and mercy shall follow thee all the days of thy life, and thou shalt dwell in the house of the Lord for ever." Poor fallen woman, have you strolled In here to-night ? There is something for you In the Holy Scriptures. Poor despair ing man, far gone in desperation, there is something In the book on purpose for you. I used to think that a certain text in the Bible was written with a special view to my case. It seemed to me that it might have been penned after I had lived, so ac curately did it describe me. Even so, dear friend, there Is something in the Bible for you. Just as, when you have lost a key, and you cannot open a drawer, you send for a locksmith, he turns over no end of skeleton keys, till at last he has got the right one, and he moves the bolt for you ; so is it with the Scriptures ; there is a key for every lock, there is a clue for every difficulty, a help for every trouble, and a comfort for every grief. Dear friends. I would put my hand On you, as I do not doubt Samuel did on Saul, and plead with you for your own sake,* for the sake of all the future that lies before you, for the sake, perhaps, of some in heaven whose last words were, Follow me ; for the sake of a mother who prays for you, and is praying while you are sitting in this house of prayer ; above all, for His sake, who loves to save and delights to bless. Young man, there is an engagement for to-morrow which, if you follow it. will be your ruin. Do not fulfil it. May God's Spirit lead you to say at once, " I am on God's side ; I must be, and I will be. It is done, It is done ; If He will have me, He shall have me; if He will wash me, lam ready to h» washed ; if He will renew me, I am plead- "And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, Bid the servant pass on before us (and he passed on), but stand thou still a while, QUEENSLAND NAVAL BRIGADE.—OFFICERS OF BRISBANE AND MARYBOROUGH CORPS. front Row : Lieutenant W. Cameron, Lieutenant W. J. WeatJherill, Staff-Surgeon Kebbell, Acting .Naval Comman dant (Commander Drake, R.N.), Lieutenant Beresford (Officer Instructor), Lieutenant Pethebridge, Lieutenant Barnett. Back Row : Lieutenant Witbri-gton, Sub-Lieutenant Smith, Instructor Rogers, Engineer Barnes, Sub-Lieutenant M'Olay, Instructor Creedon, Sub-Lieutenant Beattio, Bandmaster Bloomfleld, Sub- Lieutenant Gray. (Photo, by T. Matthews. TANNERS* AND HIDE EXPORTERS' PICNIC AT REDCLIFFE. (Photo, by T. Matthews. ing to be renewed ; If He will but take me in hand, and bring me to Himself, here am I, here am I. 'My Father, I have sinned against heaven and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son * But receive me, take me back again." Ah, you backslider over there, I pray that you may be led to decide for the kingdom and the anointing, and undergo a change at this very hour. Let this be the time, the set time of mercy to your souls. I should not wonder but that for many years to come, if we are spared, you and I, my friend, who have never spoken together before, may have to rejoice over this present meeting. Samuel was very pleased with Saul for a long time, though unhappily Saul disap pointed all his hopes ; but I hope I have met with some one anointed of the Lord, whom he intends tt> bless at this good hour, to whom he will say, " From this 4a£-1. will bless you." j * » " 'T!s done ! the great transaction's ioae"; 1 lam my Lord's, and He is mine :* V. He drew me, and I follow'd on, Charm'd to confess the voice divine." Ood grant it for Christ's sake. A TRAVELLING COBTUMB.-lee •• Dnn «n£ Fashion," Page Ml. 