THE GHOST THAT MADE THE BOOK SELL. An adventurous bookssilor had ventured te print a considerable -edition . of Drelin- coUrt's " Book of Consolation against tho Fears of Death." translated by M. D'Assisinv. ltut, however certain the prospeot of death,: it is not so agreeable us to invito tho eager contemplation of the public, and tho book, being nogleclo'd, lay a dead slock on tho bands of tho publisher. In thin emergency ho applied to Do Foe to assist him in rescuing, the unfortunate. book from the literary death: to which general norlecb seemed about to consign it. Do Foe's genius and-, audacity devisod a plan which, for assurance and ingenuity, defied even the powers of. Mr. l'ulfin, the critic. for who but himeolf would have thought of summoning up n ghost from l hp grave to bcur witness in favour of it hailing. body, of iliviiiiU There is a matter of-fact, buni- noss-like stylo in I lie wholo account, of the transaction which besuonlcs incftsblo powers of solf-poseessiph. ; Tho lippufitioo of Airs. Veal is represented as appeatiiig to a Mrs. Burgrnve, her iutimute friend, as. she .sat in hor own houee in deep contemplation of certain distresses of lier pivn. ' After the ghostly visitor laid announced herself as prepared for .n distant journey, her friend und she begun -.'to talk in the homely style of middlo-agcd lad he. Tier very recent ex perience probobly-lcd Mis. Veal to talk of death and tho books written , on tho sub- jectt, and she pronounced ex cathedra, its it dcud poison was best entitled to do, that " Urclincourt'sdiook on death was tlio best bo'ok on t.lio subject over writ too." Drolin- court, she anid, ' had tho clearest notions of death, and tho fuluro staLe of uny who Imd handled that subject; She then asked for the work, and loot urod on is with great cloquenco and affection. Dr. Kenriok's " Ascetick " was also mentioned with ap probation by this critical s icctrc. Tho oilecs wasjjnpst wonderful. Drolin- court upon Death', attested b.Vv one who could speak from experience, took an un- equuiled run.. . Tho copies had hung on tho booksellerVhande as heavy-, us a pile of bullets. They" now,Lrnver«cd the town in every direction, 'likpthovsame.balls Uis- ctinrqed-/romr,,a tieid-picco. . In short, the object- of "Mrs.'-Veai's apparition .was per fectly atturaed. 