ACTA POPULI. . ? * ? J3y Tkb Fiankuii. The ' Soudan Donkey ' is dead-and I don't feel very well myself. Touching the Soudan le:o, he died in exile here on June ?29, and his obituary notice was read at the Zoo Council meeting on Friday last, The exact cause of death is not known, hut I believe that Minister Brunker is,' as usual, ' making inquiries.' Some say that the unhappy prisoner showed signs of weakness since, the beginning of the Spanish AmsriMn War. and often when the cable account of a scrimmage came to hand, the poor Soudan patriot used to weep on the hairy breast of the -'Wild Man from Borneo,' and sadly sigh -.—'This 58 not war ! It is simply foolery. the noble art ?of war died out with me and Osman Digna !' o 0 0 It is no w thirteen' years since the Soudan hero wai brought in captive chains through Sydney streets to grace an Australian army's triumph, and it has been estimated that his Donkeyship has cost this country about £350,000, The money was cer tainly well worth the animal, but Sir Henry Parkes placed this in a very philosophical light when, on being reminded of the expensive captive in the Zoo, he said :—' That isn't the only donkey that has cost us £350,000.' It was intended to give the deceased donkey a military funeral, but the War ^Department authorities feared that such a proceed ing might give away to -foreign countries some im portant secrets connected with our defence works, and so the Soudan hero was stuffed and sent to adorn the Sydney Museum. His last words were : — ' England expects that every man this day will ?pay his duty!' ; ? 0 ? 0 0 The time was when people used to boast, and ?with some show of reason, too, that the present Parliament was one of the soberest we, ever had. The doings of the present short and lively Session has upended some of that rejoicing, but byway of a set-ofi it reminds me of the shrewd editor of a *? threat daily' who once said: 'The great trouble with literary men is that the best of them cannot write reliably on account of their drinking propen sities, and the teetotallers can't write at all.' 000 That recalls the true tale of an ex-Premier, who had for one of his colleagues a very gifted but at the same time) very bibulous gentleman, whose plan of working was to slave hard for one month and then go on a ruddy razzle-dazzle for two. Dur ing one Session this Minister attended the House very regularly, and acted in the moBt decorous manner possible. So marked was the change that a clerical friend of the Premier said one day : ' I am indeed pleased to see such a desirable change in Mr. Blank. I presume he has turned a staunch tee totaller?' 'Not a blessed bit of it,' was the un expected reply. ' He drinks more grog now than ever; but he d-esn't mix his drinks, and so he carries his fiuidiual cargo better — that's all.' This, by the way, is not, as many suppose, a satisfactory sign at all, When taken into a healthy body, alcohol should always show some effect. If it doesn't, what in thunder is the use of it at all ? 00 o This is indeed a scientific age, and no man can tell where the work of our Nineteenth Century magicians is likely to atop. Among other hair raising wonders comes the story of a genius who took out a patent for a plan he had drawn up for utilizing the dead by turning them into marble, so that they could be planted as statues to adorn a garden, or fixed up in halls to act as hat-racks and the like,, or;. they could be broken up and turned into doorsteps, or slabs for pounding tough steaks on in the kitchen. U U -J That was a great idea in its way, but it had its drawbacks, of course. For example, when a man had four or rive late-lamented wives, each standing about his lawn after the style.of the Venus de Medici, he might find ' a deal of difficulty in persuad ing another woman to try her luck with him in the matrimonial lottery. But the idea of utilizing a mother-in-law for a .doorstep would be preposterous, of course. And it might be some what risky also, for the marble woman might turn some night when her gay and festive sonin law came home overloaded from a lodge meeting and trip him up in such a way as. to sprain hisjneck and add to the world's list of widows. 60 o The wit of the gods in the Dublin theatres is proverbial, one of the latest proofs being the story told of a very poo* soprano who, after worrying through the part of 'Arline's' music in the ' Bohemian Girl/' came to the great air which, commonplace though it be, invariably receives a welcome. On this occasion the murdering of it was too atrocious, however, and as soon as the ?warbler had sung, 'I . Dreamt That I Dwelt in Marble Halls,' a disgusted ' god' shouted back ? fBy dad, it was a blazin' pity they ever woke you!' .? ? ,.: ? . . ; ? ?? '????-? ???? : : ?? ?? An equally good story in private life is that told of the mistress who said to the bright-eyed ?? col 'eeh' she hai recently engaged :—' Nora, how is it that one never hears a sound in the kitchen when your sweetheart, that fine, young policeman, is with you in the evening?' 'Well, ma'am,' ex plained Nora, ' it's like this. Just at present he's fiirly flabbergasted with me beauty ; he says that much himself, and bein' a bashful young fellow as well, he can do nothing just now but eat !' 000 Bearing closely on the hard times which so many unfortunates are now experiencing in a land in which, but for misrule, want would never be known, is the tale told of a luckless lad who called upon a bloated fraud of the Podsnap type and begged foy work or a trifle in the way of assistance. ' Irapos_ sible,' was the pompous plutocrat's haughty reply, ' Utterly impossible ; why I have fifty such, appli cations as yours every day.' Then the poor fellow* B native wit bubbled up over his misery, and as he started to go he sighed and said :— ' Sure, and ye might have a hundred without costing you much, if nobody got any more out of you than I have done.' \J \7 V When the time arrives for the all-important mat ter of ' naming the baby,' every member of the family council assembled should bring the full weight of his, or her, gigantic intellect to bear upon the business. A happily-chosen name often secures success for a play, a novel, a patent medicine, and scores of other things, and surely a child deserves as much consideration as any of these. From a social point of view, it is very advantageous to have a name that is easily remembered. And every shrewd man of business will back me up when I say that a high-sounding name often commands a noto riety which is equal to that obtained by persistent and ingenious advertising. But the business can be overdone, of course, and then unpleasantness arises, as it did the other day when a lady, not wholly unacquainted with laundry work, held up her seventh- babe to be christened. ' What name?' asked the officiating clergyman. ?? Pansy Perkins, if you please,' said the lady. ' Pansy !' exclaimed the indignant minister. ' Why on earth didn't you call it ' Potato,' or ? Cauliflower,' or something else that you are better 'acquainted with than a 1 Pansy ?' ' 000 Like Banquo's ghost, the question of the future capital of Australasia 'will not down,' but keeps bobbing up when least expected, and least required. Personally, I do not think it need cause the people of this colony any very great amount of worry, for we are in the same proud position aa the gentleman in Sancho Panza's famous story. r\ r\ r\ \j \j kj 'You must know,' said Sancho, 'that it chanced one day that a certain gentleman and a certain farmer had occasion to sit together at the same table, The farmer would not take his seat till the gentleman had taken his place ; but the gentleman made him a sign to put himself at the upper end.' ' By no means, sir,' said the farmer. ' Sit down !' said the gentleman. ' Good, your wordship,' quoth the farmer. 'Sit where I bid you,' said the other. The clodhopper still excused himself, and would not be seated ; but the gentleman told him he should, as he meant to be master in his own house# But the ever- mannerly booby, fancying he should be hugely well-bred and civil, scraped and cringed and refused, till at last the gentleman in a great passion took him by the shoulder and banged him down in the chair and cried: ' Sit there, you clod pate, for let me sit wherever I will, that still will be the upper end, and the place of worship to thee.' And in like manner we can tell other colonies to fix the capital city wherever they like ; it will matter nothing to us, for wherever Sydney and its lovely harbour are that spot will always hold the Austra lasian capital, and be the place to which the world will pay its homage. 