A Midshipman's Romance : Pdbusiibd bx SpxoiAt Aubahoekbnt. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of' "The Wreok of tho Grosvenor," Tho Golden Hope," " The Death Ship," " Tho Frozen Pirate, " "An Ocean Tragody," "A Sen Queen," "MyDamsh Sweetheart," "The Good Ship Mohoek," "Alono on a Wide, Wide Sea," "Tho Tale of tho Ton," &o.;, &c;, CorrmonT. CHAPTER I. The Peiest. - 7 WAS PORN nt Bouville, a litfclo dusky seaport, 6itu- e . nted on the 1 " French coast, botwixtPfcst and placid / Calais. Ono long pior IIR strikes faug- 111"' hke with a te flash into tho breaches of the sea, -and . . the wild play. . of foam makes- . it light for that gray, and gloomy' har-i fcqur. -The gloom, is in. tlio. black- timbers of the pier, in tho . dark-green: sheathing of seaweed, in an appearance of -darkness in 'tho water' where it spreads its inmost extremity., I was christened Walter after my fathoiy and as Walter Longmore, I make my how to you. ' Our house was an. old cottage situated , on tho north border of the town hard by a rich small" wood, through which rail a clear crystal brook full of minnows, which when a little boy, I used to fish for with crooked pins and earth worms, and though no angler was more patient, 1 never caught'one. My father had been . .induced to talco this house because his means were -small/, and he had been told that Bouville was a cheap place to live in, and partly, because of my mother's health,. which had boon- deli cate, and one or two London doctors assured him that Bouville would give her the air she needed. It was a romantic little cottage, and from its garrcC window you could see a white 6treak of channel water between two horns of land. Whenever I smell sweet lavender that houso conies boforo mo, for its atmosphere was very .subtly charged with that delicate aroma . or something like it. Wo had two largo gardens ; in tho 'lower ono there had lqng .hefoi'o our time been dug out a -great pond about twolve feet deep. How it was kept filled I do not recollect. Tho water was filthy, and full of tittlebats and frogs and creatures as hoautiful and -fearful as the Ancient Mariner saw swimming amidst .the fires in the ship's shadow. It was - protected by an old green railing with two gates, and in tho middle of it was a pedestal to support a, statue or a fountain. It was \- without a statue;' and it was an old for- \- lm-h pond whose water had ' bdpii quick; en'cd by neglect into hundreds ofvstrango swimming shapes, many of thorn repos ing on tho mud as the sea-sorpent dwells at. the bottom of the unfathomable deop ; but tboy rose to tho stones, I threw, and some of them used ' to wriggle into my dreams, and despntch mo with run- . ning oyes, by the'' light of tlid oil-float, to my nurse's bed. The romance of mv lifo.bogan not with this pond, hut in it. ; My parents did not send mo to school until I was nine.- They both agreed that a young boy's brain docs not settle into d condition for the proper reception of ideas until ho is nine years old. .-I therefore grew up. in iguoranco and idleness, saving that my mother taught mo to read and writi) a little, and like tho youth iq the poem I was a "lonely boy. But I enjoyed plenty of liberty, : and never knew what solitudo wn's. I wpiuld ,lio for an hour on my back in a summer fiold, and ' watch tlio \- large white clouds couio sailing up \- from the sou over tho bluo sky, '- and- fancy I could poroeivcy a painting, 'very ''dim and visionary, " of distant . gorgeous lands upon their soft breasts of snow. I dried clover and, smoked it, \- hud I also smoked cane. I was allowed ten sous a week, and this money I spoilt upon liugo mid gorging sweots called tnblottes; , .'Thoy - wore mado by an old woman who kopt a stall in a cottago door, and I would \- watch her shaping them with great imputienco if slio had none in stock. \- With skinny hands she drew the nidss ;df treacle, butter, and other ' . mutters into vellow skeins, then dumped- it very cleverly in a solid dollop upon a board: Slio cut with wonderful- pre- oisip.n, and every piece, was .a: good \- sou's worth. ' Warm or cold thoy word 'all-, the samo to me ; I shall never taste their like again..' "I wondor I did not perish nt,tbi8: time \- of my life of family indifforenco ; for I went whore I pleased'-and 'did 'as I ileased, and' when I camo honle— for iko all poor rolatipns i'was punetuai'.in .turning. up- — nobody, asked mu.whoro I had boon or what I had been doing. I \- ; 'slightly shudder' when I thiuk of /myself as a small; hoy in 'a.'.Hollnnd hloijse, holt, drawers, .-barb, logs, Socks \- and shoes, in ehargo of a hoftt ull nlono dtt tho riypr. That';tho -boat- Pwiier Bhpuld havo trusted'; me with a whorry is extraprdina.ry ; that I- eyor paid hini I. 'cannot beliovo,- as;- I devotod all my money to the old woman who-niado tho huge, square, yellow . sjvoets." /But jiover was I so happy., lis wiiou I was in v... about.- I would hoist the little Bail, \- keep tlio sheet 'in my hand according to : tho directions of ' tho man,-; and dart; up: \- : . -. tho stream lfico an aquatic inseet. ' ./ iu \- many respects i was like Wordsworth's . - 'Idiot Boy,'- particularly :whon, I - wnH : - .in iny litfclo bout, 'and God 'lbbked' down and saw that i cimio to no harm., v- It was about this time, . I 'thiuk,'1 that' : : I was visited by an pxtraordinai-y > passion' of religion. 1 I cannot imagino \- how it came about,, unlossindcdd'th'dro- was a little madness at tlio root of it ; but I remember taking down- from my mQthor'sbooksholf in hor bedrooin a book i ' Lino upon .Lino.' Slio -/had, , ' inave sdidi taught mo to read, "and I was quick in understanding what I read. ' I began to road this book, uud -quite nidueniy a pussiou of religion possessed \- me. I went to my bedroom with the little' volumo in my hand, and knelt . i down and prayed with incredible fei'vour to ho made and to bo kept a good boy, and I also prayed to bo saved. I arose and read again, and after a little -once : more fell upon my knees- and . prayed with the same incredible forvour for the . samo thing. Had I . boon caught then, . as Johnson would say; they could have: dono anything with me in tho religious line thoy liked. - The oddest part was that I always looked, myself up when theso devotional fits seized me, and I never said a word about my praying and my feelings to my father or mother or human creature.- ' This singular condition of . soul, ex traordinary I think in ono so young, wore ofE'in. about a fortnight.. Also at this tunc, but when the religious affec tion had : left mo, I began to think of tlio soa ; to go down upon tho pior and; watch the race of the surge. I : feU in lovo with the sea, and my childish eyes, found every, mood of it lofty and beautiful, like tho sound of , an organ in a cathedral. I dreamt .of distant lands, - and for ovory ship far out on the green rolling waters— dingy with tho canvas of the collier, or icd-liko with tho. pinions of the ocean passenger ship— I invontbd a. story. - - I was sitting at the head of the pier one day all alone, watching a deep black brig that was rolling in for . .Bouville, wheu a priest, who had been observing mo, approached. Ho was the hand somest priest I had over seen. He looked an Italian. His.undcriip pouted a -little, which minglcd-a certain, sweet ness of expression with tho rest of his appearance. . ' You must bo an English boy,' said he, 1 to look at the sea as you do.' \- Now this was a mnttor which ,had not been made clear to mo, and speaking in French (I spoke that tongue bettor than English) I asked him why, nt the snino time lifting my cap ; for I hod been carefully instructed to salute tho priests in the streets as ii mark of respect for tlio religion of tho country. Politeness in one so young pleased this handsome priest, and ho said, smiling : ' All English boys lovo tlio sea. She is their mother. Thoy go to her with delight and pride. Tho French do not love the sea. AVc aro a son-sick people,' said ho, laughing, ' ouf nation is a nation of soldiers.' ' Havo we no, soldiors ?' I asked. ' You have the finest troops in the world, hut they are too fow for your wants,' he answered. ' It was strange to think of tliis good priest talking so soberly to a little boy about seven or- eight, years, old. I looked away to sea, and knew he watched mo. ' . '. Your ligart is with the son,' said the pribst. ' You will be ii sailor.' ' . ' Shall I ?' I .auswored, and I imagined myself dressed in the uniform of a mid shipman. / ", ' "Were you ever on- board a ship ?' asked tho priest. . ' No,' I answerod. ' Como with me, iny son, and I will take you on board yonder brigantine. Slio is commanded by a friend.' He pointed into tho middlo distance of tho quay, right away beyond the pier, and we started. I wus greatly excited. My small feet trod the air. This indeed was seeing lifo. Often bad I looked wistfully down upon tlio dock of some dirty littlo coalman, and wondered what sort of a place tho mon foil into when thoy dropped out of sight through holes in the deck. But nobody had ever in vited mo to stop on board, and I was a small boy staring; down with oyes full of singular inventions, or following tho lines or flights of the rigging aloft; with far moro interest than had; tlio' jvliolo coal-dustcd fabric been Punth's play of some fantastic humour of the Carnival. . Wo arrived abreast of tho brigantine, a small French vessel, and- tho priest looked down at her. A man was cut ting up some .-cabbages in a . pail of .water near the littlo galloy.' He in stantly saw the priest and bowed. , ' May' I descend with my young friend?'' ' , ' Why/certainly,' was tho answer. Tho priest put his leg over and told mo to foEow.- The ladcloi- was up and down,jtlio stop3 being affixod to tho pigr wall, find' I daresay tho priest went' first to save mo from falling if I should let go.' '- Wo gained the -deck in- safety, and now I was on board a ship, and could ;hav0 fancied myself a thousand miles away. .. ' Does this young gentleman desire to go to sen with me?' said - the littlo French captain, -widening - his blue., breeches by diving his hands, into: his pockets. ' ' He will go to sea,' - answered the father, ' hut not under your flag. - He, is English, nnd has . the interpreting eyes of his country, and can behold in the ocean what is concealed from tho ., gaze of French boys.' . This as coming from a French priest,: astonished tho little Frenchman,., who: regarded me with attention. . . .. . : '- / / . ' What is concealed from the gaze of French hoys ?' ho inquired. .. ' Those vast hinds, those continents of gold ; which - this, hoy's cpuntrymon colonise and tako' possession of, until,' said tho priest; resting 'His hand lightly on my shoulder, ' a day may come when all the lands of -tho earth shall he theirs, : no other languago but theirs shallbo spoken, and our ' own nationality shall bo merged iiito theirs and extinguished.' This produced a wry face in the little man, who shrugged his shoulders and asked us to .enter tlic cahin. I moved in a dream. Everything was strange, ajid delightful;. Wo . entered a "cabin that was gloomy in consequence of the vessel lying against tho side of the whaif . But tho wonders were improved, nay heightened, into a sort, of fairy mystery by tho dim light. Hail the piacri boon full of sunshine, imagination would have slept, and tho. things I saw woiild havo .been the things they wore. /- Tho shadowy .bulkhead, the" locker liko a coffin,' a glimmering picture of tlie Virgin hanging upon the forward parti tion,' tho streak of brass swingtray over tho table, an open door., with a glimpse of crockery on shelves; at those things and other features of that vanished in terior, I stared with tho marvelling eyes of boyhood. Now and again when the vessel stirred a creak ran through hor. Theso "noise's, combined with tho smells which partook rather of the character of onion than bilgo water; greatly excited. nio. ,1 felt that I should liko to be. at sea in this ship, and alono in her, steering for oiio of tins islands which I used to . think I saw painted upon the 'breasts of tlio clouds. . Tho captain put a bottle of red- wine; some glasses, and fruit upon . the table. ' This is going to sen,' said.the priest, as'ho gjave nio a pear; - ' ' ' Do not -bplipvc .-that." the English lovo tho soa|' said .the captaiu, filling a glass of wine for the priest and half : a glass for nio, whioli I refused, f Thoy are trndesmon, and if thoy go to sea it is not for lovo of it,' but to stock' their shops, nnd to find other countries to live in, for Groat Britain is too small for licr population, and , millions are living the lives; of slaves, and. the sceptre of famine pays them their wages. I havo traded to that country aiid know it. It is humbug. The Englishman does not love the sea, but he cannot get out of his country without going upon it. The Englishman is a tradesman. His spirit ;of adventure is without chivalry or romance. It is tho Spaniards, and tho French, .and tho Portuguese who aro the true' interpreters of tho wondors of the ocean. Road their voyages.' . ' Havo you nothing to . answer to that ?' exclaimed the priest, smiling-as ho looked nt me. ' ' Do tho sailors sleep down here?'?. I inquired. . ' ' V 'No. In. the open boxes forward,' answorod tho captain. ' You shall view 'thorn, -my- child.' . . Ho took us into his sleeping: berth and put a quadrant into my hand, and tho father examined it with . as. much curiosity as I . did; 'Think,' crifed the priest, 'that with this instrument you shall ho able to make your way . .o ver . the trackless ocenu.' .. _ / " .. 'More is wanted,', said the captain, 'hut it is enough for the boy.' And thou -to tho groat; amu'scmont of the priest, who laughed long and cordially, the captuin bhirtod out, ' Poot eot to your oo.' Ho showed mo how to hold the quadrant, whilo the priest laughed, add then ho said, 'There it is noon; It is oight bolls. , , Hurrah - for tho sun ! This boy has shot the sun, nnd it is nOoii by this boy.' . 'This,' Raid 'tho captain, 'is tho caboose.' . - - : . . I entered, the, littlo-sentty box, and: desired to bo ii' cook forthwith, and sail ay/ay that day. ; Tho inim who ttad heeil cleaning, cahbnges..: was chusiug _a-, sayoury odour to /fill " tlio. air,, which seemed to havo put -a thought into the captain's head. Dinner Svill" be . ready v in half tid hour. Stop with tho English lad and dine with mo.' . : : . .'// /- ; '- Tho priest ' declined. In lest/than; halt an hour ho: must bp going; ' I iins Pccrctly.. much - disappointed, //for I greatly/ desired to eat'/ liko. / d .sailor- ih; a ship's cabin.'.. The . cap- taid did not rdppat his invitation' to dip, arid in any , case I- doubt if tho priost would havo, laf£, mo /on board. . We entofod'tho fpropastlp, a littlo cn'yo id thq fore part of ;th.d; ship'i" anil Isftw thd/ boxc8 br' bunks' in ' which 'tho sailors slept. A.gi'patiFrenchmah.spnfodiupdni a -chest was stitohing ii patbh into an ' immense pair of trou'sdrs. ; : Ho 'frnshi- idost cbncealdd. iu' shawls -/about tlio throat and chin, and wo found that a cold hud siloncod his: voico. - Tho priost nddrossiul some " kindly.- : words 'to /him: Ho wnsfho otfiy occupant; of that dingy littlo placp, find tii-my oybs'transfofmod it into a creation of romanco, by- sheor vh'tuo of what ho was about; And now, I wanted-, to qljd: a,.' sailor, lddnding my trousorsiii a forecastle,' sitting nil' alone. . "Wo returned to the deck, und l Btood for somo moments staring up at the foremast which towered above mo/ one square - yard , ruling -another, and the rigging seemed as complicated as a spider's web. Tho priest scorned to understand, what was'\ passing in my little head.: : . . - . 'It would ho too dang'crous for yon to go up there,' said lie. . ' But why ?' exclaimed t/ve captain. ' Boys aro Lko monkeys — they cannot fnll. - -Boys wore.-horn to. climb. Come- with me,' says he, addressing me; and I will show, you more of tho world dhan you have yet seen.' . - \- ' Bo vory careful;! - cried the pneet. ' I consider myself responsible — ho, is. very young.' : ' Ho -is 'to bo. a sailor,! answered tbo captain ; and so saving ho lifted me on to the bulwarks. - and: >> put mo into the forcslrrouds, tho priest ; meanwhile look- ing on me- with;' his arms 'a iittl'®x- tended rind his' lianils liiing as though ho would ring them in a. moment. : A- few, .idlers, 'a 'soldier or . :tvvo . and . thrco' or- four piotUresqiie: fishwives; /in- scaiiet or striped petticoat's, and "naked legs aiid foot, rind beautiful long bright ear-" rings, ; watched us -from tho. side of the quriy.; The captain got .into" . tho rigging alongside of -mo, arid observing that my' ..stride barely enabled rap to ineasurb the distance between the fat- lines, ho gi'ippdd moTiy tho hack of- my blouse,, and encouraging mo at every step with such, cries as, , ' How /proud, ivould Admiral Nelson - be to seo. you;! --..You aro too -fine a seaman for tho British navy ; wo'ivill make you captain of our greatest man-of-war ! ' .we sloivly, very slowly, crawled aloft/ ' AVc got as high as the futtook -rigging. The. priest shrioked 'No higher!' A fishwife ox- claimed : 'He cliriihs bravely. Let him go to the very top.' I had, however,- no intontion of pro ceeding. I was not giddy;, but I seemed to - gazo -about mo from an immense height. The vessel's deck looked liko a plank, and . the streaming . w aters . of tho ocean :had opened . into boundless ness. Suddenly I - hoard a familiar vbied.' ' Hallo ! /Why, it's Walter ! Come down,, sab. .How dare yon- Good God! he'll break his nock !' : ' I looked down and saw. my father 'on the quay. ' . ' Wrio's that ?! said tlio ' captain. J- told him.- ' Tkori./wd must dqseond,' ..said he; . ' Softly ! Courago ! ' I found that. it was riiuch easier to climb than to descend. One or the other of my feet wore for evor missing tho ratlino and shooting .through into air. When-Iwas'fairly on thp bulwark- rail' my heart was beating very fast. . : ' What dd you mean, sah, by behavirig , in .this .fashion?,!:- cried my father. ' Como on to the' quay ' at once.' ' It is liis father; '- said the' captain: t'o tho priest. . The priest howod, and putting .me on to the quay stops, helped me; to tlio solid platform on tlio wharf. . ' What do you moan by behaving liko this, sah ?' said my .father./ ' It is my fault,' said the' priest.' ' Your littlo son will -ho a sailor; but ho is too young to ascend the rigging.' / ' Had his mother seon liirii she would havo died in a lit,' said my father. ' Good day.' , \- Tho priest 'stooped ' arid kissed - my cheek. 'Ho is n lino little boy, and 1'in sure you/are proud of hirtl,' ho 'said,' tho'n with a/oordial flourish of his hand to me and the captain,' who remained on the deck of his'.vossol, lid strode off. . , I nover saw/ him again, though. ; fob long afterwards I was on tho, : lookout for him. : No doubt he' dotorminod my career, for fromthat day I - resolved to be a sailor. .. , '. ' CHARTER n. ; The pnaxtom of the Pond. . r . ANE evening in /' y) the autumn, y when I was not AT / yet eight, I sat V J with my father I and mother: in V I ... Die parlour of at l-.ii the cottage., y/ f " Tbie lamp was" J? ; ; alight, and wo . . / . listened to tlio mother reading .. aloud. It was . , a ' calm .ovoA- ing; a very. \- small air. wliis- norod iii tbo leaves . of the trees; it was ivai-iri, aiid oho ol :tho two Froricll windows,; tli rough/ whidh you /stopped dirdctly. . into". ,tlib" grounds,- was wide opon. . ' " : : My father had been toying for some' minutes" with a tobacco pouoh. "Ho- now sloppbd his pockdts,; looked at tho mantdl-'- picco/and-roundithri'/rbOm," rind thonitold my mother to stop -reading as- lie had' mislaid -his pipe/ - ' iSuddorily hp cried out, ' I know whore, it is; pift on 'your cap/arid .go/' and fetch "it;Walter. !/ Y"pn'll.find it iri its oaso on it sholf -at tlio end ;of ' tho cohsorvatory. I exactly frcmomhor. rid w. where /I- liiid it' 'down.' ' Couldn't yoii go ? ', said, iny riidtbci-.:- ' There is plenty of moonlight, ' nil- - swpred my fnther ; ' tlio boy will whip there and back ; ..Raja hot going- into tlio dowintnyslippoi's.' '/'/;/," Ij)utbhtiiycnparidpassedthi;ougli .tho/winddwpftlip/piu'loui-.into., tbo grounds,.-.'. ;I will not say I; was afraid, but it wfis ' nil' orrand -I liad rather iny frithor Bad undertaken ,thhu / I./ Sorao . nnd a littlo fearful, rit night/whdn ivp' are 'about sevoii' rind thrediqitiirtei'Si" -I- did. hot liko 'tho riiooh'shiuri j/it-.mrido tho huslios 'stand up likh liumah iigiivos : tho' light brcozo in tho trees swept shadowy ' figures over the -'gross 'and tho; walks and the -bods. Tho conservatory stood rit-the bottom of tho grbuhdd,.and ivas, a' walk of ""-a fow iainuto.f. " ' '- I was : about to .run' when a black oat, or It might havo been a ralibit; darted athwart : in frprit of ric.; ' i'-stopped defid. -A bush- on' the loft looked exceedingly like' a man stooping in the aot of taking aim. Tlid noise of wheels in the road gave mo heart, and I pushed on, broke into.-a trot, then ran. swiftly as far lire, ; Tho conservatory was uncommonly dismal in tho moonbeams ; the glass was dirtv and tho light feeble, and the smell of tho bulbs and flowers was earthy and vault-like, _ I thought I saw a man struck motionless by my apparition whilst in the act . of dlimbmg a row of ascending ledges, mnny of -which woro vacant flowor-pots. I stared with, a: frantic heart, . and scarcely -. prevented mvself from shouting out and flying on tho wings of fear to the liouBe ; but tho thing kept very quiot, and I- dis- languished . after a littlo-that.it was a" !ooat spread with tho-. -sleeves, oxtended. Tho gardener's coat, no doubt, but it was a very great shock.-: .. .. I. easily saw/.the..pipc-caso, took it 'in my iiimd, and Avcnfc up the tiled walk conductiiig; to: , tho .cottage, This, : of course,; cariied me, past that wonderful' .old pond I have described; . Its slimy water shono in the - moonlight, . and lay stretched , in a sheet of pearl; - Tho luminary sparkled vory clear in this :pqrfc, tmd l was : passing on, , noticing with my childish gazo tho vivid accpn- tuation- tho pearly water look from the black,' -rich, neglected ' growth-ground about the pond/when I halted as though lightning struck, / What did I'sco? That which' you will hot boliovri I Baiv,; for who credits : tlio. - relation of. tlio- visionary? But I was too young to bo a ghost-seor ; my brain was too fresh nnd clcar, tho hlood in iny veins flowed with tho. sweetness of youth ; there was nothing morbid, aptiug uneonseiously- to myself, to coin for tho vision iu my head such "a sight as; had suddenly rirrbstcd niy yoiirig logs as in a halt of death. , , It was -tho. fornix of a young woman standing on tlio pedestal in tlie middle of tho pond.' Tho black growth boyorid showed through -lier ; sho seemed to be formed of, vapour which, lighted by tho moon, sparkled like salt. I saw her face distinctly ; it was turned towards me, and I can say (for I oughttoknow) that it was a face of swobt and touching beauty, without sorrow, without iiiii-th,.. a middle oxpfessiori as tit, were,, silbh as tlio q face 'wears in thought when the' heart is at rest. Her arms and bosorii 'were naked, but from her hijis the sheen or. silvory texture of which sho was formed flowed like a robo to tho pedestal. Arid, in my breathless halt during a light passage of- tho evening bvpezo— it was about bight o'clock — I saw tho folds of her. ethereal garment wave. " I do _not know what my sensations were ; -it is impossible, for inc to recall' or nnalysp.thcm ; I was too-young;, But I can. certaiifiy-recolleot standing arid gazing- frith- a febiirig of:aw6; liiingled .with curiosity and, terror. - The hands .of tho figure were clasped before it, and its hair floated in tho moonlight in a translucent iriist; then imagining I hoard a .footstep in the direction of tlie- consorvritofy, Lran with the spcod of a hare to tho House. - ' : Boys ' need ' to rpri far to become /breathless.' I. was breathless, but. / not through running. , /My mother- instantly noticed tho expression on mylaco/' -por-; haps in my enlarged eyes. - . . ' )Vhat is the matter, . "Walter ?! sho asked. . , , ' , .. I went round to the table,. and /gave the pipe to my father and said : ' ' Therp is .a woman in tlvo pond.' r ' AVhrit's that ?' exclaimed my father. ' A woman !' ejaculritocl iriy .mother.' : I begaii to troinble, and without cry-' ing, .hut in/ a crying voico exclaimed/ ' Thoro's a Avhit'o woman staudiug up iu tho middlo of the pond.' \- AVhat hasi the child seen ?' exclaimed my mother, . looking frightened and directing' hoi ' eyes . tlitough tlib : - open window.' \ / ; ' ' ' Come hero), riiy boy,' said my father. He felt mypuiso, and told-mb to put out my -tongue; " r 'Ho eats too many of that old woman's sweets,' 'said he.. . ./ '. : ,f Do you feel hot ?! asked my mother; ' Yes,! I ariswerod.- ; ' His . stomach is .upset,! ' said' my fathor. ' Givo him ' a powder : and let .him go to bed.' fto 31e conilnoed. . / ' 