How the Empress of Austria was Killed. DIDN'T KNOW SHE HAD BEEN STABBED. THE COUNTESS OF SZAPARY'S DESCRIPTION. The Countess of Szapary thus describes the tragedy in which the Empress of Austria lost her life: — "The Empress was in excellent spirits and perfectly, well. At half-past 1 we left the hotel, walking along the Quai de Mont Blanc slowly, side by side. Suddenly I noticed a man coming up at a fast pace up to the Empress. He came round a tree that stood between him and us. His foot slipped; and he made a plunge forward, stretching out his hand, as though to regain his equilibrium. He then ran away. I did not notice that he had touched the Empress, but as I looked her way I saw her sink down, and caught her in my arms, asking if she felt any pain. The Empress answered, 'I do not know. I think I feel a pin in my chest. It must be fright.' I said ' Will your Majesty take my arm.' The Empress straightened herself, saying ' No, thank you.' I tried to support her, but she walked firmly. We went on board the steamer, where the Empress asked me if she was pale. I answered in the affirmative, adding 'It is through excitement.' The Empress sank on a seat, losing consciousness. I thought she was suffering from an attack of the nerves, never dreaming that an attempt had been made on her life. Several ladies on board helped me to attend to the uncon scions Empress. All happened so quickly that nobody could suspect what had been done. I saw no weapon, in the man's hand. " As the ladies opened her bodice we saw no. blood. When her dress was opened she recovered, and rose to her feet, saying, in a clear voice, ' Tell me'.what has happened.' She did "not speak after, but sank , back again, became deadly pale, and breathed harder. In the meantime the steamer had left the shore. I asked the captain to turn back, but by the time we lnded the Empress had lost consciousness. She was carried back to the hotel and laid on her bed, where she died after a few minutes. I am positive that she did not know she had been murdered. It was only when her dress had been entirely removed that blood and the wound became visible." , STATEMENT BY AN ENGLISH SPECTATOR. Mr. Talbot, an English passenger by the same steamer, supplies the following account- of the tragedy ;— " While watching the passengers come aboard my attention was at- tracted to what appeared to be a scuffle just at the corner by the Hotel de la Paix. I saw a lady dressed very simply in black being assisted to her feet by another lady, and also some cabmen, who had been standing near, hurrying after a little man apparently like a workman in his Sunday attire, who was making his way with considerable rapidity up the Place des Alpes. I turned my at tention to the lady whom I had seen fall. Her friend was by her side, and she looked very pale. It was now quite 1.40 p.m., and the boat was giving her final whistle. The lady had barely reached the lower deck when she fell. I thought the sun had overpowered ber. In a moment she recovered, and asked in French on seeing herself surrounded, 'What, is it ?" but immediately she became un conscious again. The captain asked whether it would not be better to put the lady back to dry land, but the lady who was with Her Majesty said, ' No,' and caused her to be carried to the upper deck, where she was de posited on a bench. The boat then started; perhaps four minutes late. Of course, there was a general crowd ing round, but nobody knew that the lady was the, Empress of Austria, or more respect might have been shown to her. Water, brandy, and other restoratives were applied without avail. The boat, when exactly 12 minutes out,- and when just opposite the Rothchild's house at Bellevue was turned back to Geneva, where at De Barcadere, which was nearer the Hotel Beau Rivage, Her Majesty was taken ashore, carried by men on a litter formed by some oars and the long red cushions of the salle-a manger. "Luceheni, the assassin, I saw quite plainly as the boat left in the hands of two cabmen and a waterman. He had an impudent smifle on his face, and a general look of satisfaction. He was given up to the gensdarmes,who with the water man marched him, always smiling out of sight.'' THE WOUND. Some interesting details of the nature of the wound are supplied by Doctor Golay, of Geneva, who attended the Empress during her last minutes, and assisted at the autopsy. He states that the weapon was driven with such violence that it broke the Empress's fourth rib, penetrated the lungs and pericardium, and pierced the heart from top to bottom, finally coming out through the lower part of the left ventricle. As the weapon was exceedingly sharp, the bleeding was very slight, only small drops of blood flowing into the pericardium. So long as this latter organ was not too full the action of the heart was not impeded. This explains why the unfortunate lady, even with a wound right across her heart, was able to walk for some distance. But as the pericardium gradually filled with blood death finally ensned. An Australian ecclesiastical story- ette. He was an untiring member of a preaching order, and so long winded in the pulpit that the superior insted on a discontinuance at the ringing of a small bell One evening in full tide on "Effects of Mortal Sin," he had just enunciated : " And all who die in the state of mortal sin shall be damned for ever and ever'' \--when the bell rang. Out went his hand over the congregation with the usual concluding benediction-—" A blessing which I wish you all in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." A British Blue Book just issued shows that, in reply to an enquiry by by Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, 120 diplomatists and consuls condemn the supiness of the British traders all over the world in enabling their rivals to wrest the trade from British hands. 