? By before in .ghosts P" reiver«.Tnterrogi&»«ly,witta an' —j i« hU tone, aad an traased i ti||3ser faofuhftce, tohi« elder ud i friend ttobert Folder, as they int _ , the former's oomfort&ble; bachelor ioonu ode evsiiiag fcwuds tlu dene of the last no«th of the jetr, discusting a choice blend of •bbkf {judiciously commingled with potms), ind blowing curly bias wreaths froth uaimftmcbable cigars. 1 M I am bound to believe In them," replied (he •tiierinaUsen&aaoeaj.; ' "WbatP Do you mean to say tbat yon bare eenbne P** • " Decidedly ; I may saj I almostowe my rife to a Spook." . " Come. I say, old man, draw it a iitlle toild!" " III tell you the atory if yon like. But mind, I very rarely mention the subject. I don't care ibout it talked about anywhere and everywhere. Eon understand ?" < " Perfectly," said Charlie, all eagerness for toe recital. "Go ahead. Ill be as mum as v-a-a what's its name." " Well, you must know before I secured [through the iafluenoe of my father-ia-Iaw; my present position •• manager of tbe bank fcerr, I was pursuing the calling of aa accountant in Csrcfaester. After three yean' hard labour I organ to feel my feet and think I might venture to ask a certain ywung lady to share my future lot. 1 was tolerably sure that I should meet with no rebuff from my darling, but there was a stem parent to be reckoned with. " I had made the acquaintance of Mr. Matthew Turnover, bead of tbe respected and . old, crusted bankiag-houBe of Turnover Brothers,and Checkwell, through ordinary business intercourse, and we became in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sundays at his charming residence in the park. He had an only daughter, Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I put the momentous qoutioi to the dear girl and achieved tbe success I plead guilty to have been vain enough to anticipate. - ( "Then followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced no surprise when I Cold him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing two impressionable young people together. He jwas straightforward enough. Told m», although he had certainty cherished more ambitious views for his only chUd, it was not his injtentiontotry U enforce hisidaas if they wen likely to interfere with his . daughter's happinen. Still, he was bound jto. oonsidflr Che important question of ways and means, and though he jadmittpd r had made rapid and substantial bregmas in my pcftfessiMi^if anob it conld be tailed—be at the" same tine did not cotitidet |the inoome I mialhen earning snffidenUy luge jtojustifyMfin taking upon myself thermsbonnbib^jriaf-a wife aadprobftble cantiogenmes. Bfo wortd up by saying * M • Although Ftoaaor, as you know, is as bad, she will not matemUy benefit _ i me pa Iter marriage, as it is my fixed jintention to withdraw no sum of conmqaenct n the bank. My share of the profits—exi m much of it as I require to live upon~iains iatte epnoera until my time comes foi , utting-this world, then, of course, Ele»no> i »iU inherit what I *hall leave behind me. Bat, G«d be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may jnasanafely look forward to ten or fifteen yean jloogec ofnseful life. My advjpe tiiertfore-tc , is go on working as you have done hither- •ad, in three years say, you can broach I subject again, aod if Blly should be stall jq {the same mind regarding yourself, why we may (perhaps sse if matters cannot be arranged. In (the meantime, there will be^-at all events on ny part—no difference in our friendship; lure's my band upon it.' h Yon may guen I did net £eel extravagantly jjubilant over the arrangement. Three yean L an awful long time to wait. But I bad i fullest faith in Eleanor's constancy. Howjeter, I will get on to the finish; i don't wish to (bore you with too many personal details. ! " About eight months had gone by, when one (day ia tbe middle of December, Mr. Turnover lustily entered my unpretentious office. The (old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, aud it jwas seme moments after being seated that he Iwas able to speak. / *' I anxiously inquired if he were ill, or was lanything wrong at home f "' No—no one ill,' he said, slowly. * The jbank has been robbed.' / Sobbed 1'I exclaisoed. «Fhew! Hare the thieves been caught P ( - * Yon don't understand. The robbery is from inside. The chief, cashier.' , " 4 What 1 Bradley I cried, in the greatest iajtonishment ] ; M The peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea er, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know iwhat besides. I ** * Ay I The smooth-tongued bypocrife*,' •aid Mr. Turnover, with considerable »>m^at f t J* And he's got a good twenty-fonr hours' tail (He was away an short leave.* / " 'What istheapqsggt P'l adn9> / •eouritiw | " I want yon to come to the baufc Afldgo through the books—his bcoks, you know •~ts expeditiously as possible. We wish to keep tbe affair secret—that Is, as long- as possible. Will you come ?' i " *nii Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously, t *• ftjgQ thinking, prrhaps, I seemed to hesitate, he added, significantly, * It may be worth your while.' <• > I am at your service,-Mr. Turnover,' I instantly replied. 'When do you wish me to begin ?» | «• • To- night. Are you willing to work late ?. 1 mean,in fact,all night if necosary i Will you ;do me this favour ?' i « < You may command me in any way you 'like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea flashed across my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of him in return after the present annoying business was over and done with. " My future father in-law rose from his seat, -saying J «• I am very pleased you have consented tq jlp me so readily, because we can rely upon our discretion and absolute silence.' I bowed j " * Then meet me in Duke-street, by the imopolitan Hotel, at six sharp, and we will ;o to the VSnk together.' «• j iras at the place appointed just ss th<; stroke of the hour rang out on the cleat (ftosty air, and was almost immediately joined by Mr. Turnover. « Ag goon as we were seated in the bank parlour Mr. Turnover banded me a letter,remarking lat the missing Bradley had caused it to be „jlivered in a somewhat mysterious manner. ' »* When I read the note Mr. Turnover aske^ ^.•p^nion of it. I said : «« 'The fellow iscool certainly,but I infer from iwhat he writes—if it is the truth, of course— that there has been no systematic embezzlement igoing forward for some time ; that, in fact, he committed the theft in a sudden fit of temptation. I see he mentions sixty-right thousand.* j " ' Yes, that is quite enough without the iprobability or more having to be added to it. I trust your surmise will tarn out correct. Lot 11a I get to work without delay/ " We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond ifiose already known. ' This was so far satisfactory (hat Mr. Turnover confessed he felt much relieved and suggested an adjournment to a neighbouring first-class, hotel—his dub bring too far away—to recruit exhausted nature. " We were let out by the bank caretaker through a small ride door, and told him to re- main np till we returned. I "Having done justice to an excellent little ,cold« anaok, washed dbwn by a bottle of very .exoeUeut pcttt, I told my companion there was neod<*hato*p Sorfhim to go back to me wUwooghwitt!. at all en^tBjptjube remainder of that He assented,' teUiog me not to stay veiy I ^^^Iwj^ I set to my task " failin^ to discover _ of guilt in the absconding . boot- By Ihis time, although the night was cold outs»de,.the room I was working lin began, by reason «^«the many gas jets bnrning, to grow uncomfortably warm. I began to jfeel dKMfsy, and at ».qu*rter-past twelve by (tte «tnam«lock «m «iie tnanUdpiece, I ilropped !int^wv*li*rtjng easy„ chair, and felt extremely likn damping aa wdl fntb a prolonged doze, but las I had no intention that way, I struggled Ag^rat Uie inclination by raising my heavy eye. lids at-frequent iuternfis. " | " I heard a neighbouring chureh clock boom (fotp the midnight houc, and, opening my eyes, ,was just on the point,of rising from my comjforttyle position with t|e intention of ramming jwork for another half hour, when I saw eome- Uiing that deterred me : kept me, in fact, spellbound in my sent. There,right before me a few «»J, appeared the spectral form of |West»ett Bradley, the defaulting cashier. *' There WBS » sad—I might almost describe it as a chastened look on the ghastly faca as jtbongh tho spirit was experiencing profound jcontrition /or some misdeed the body had comjmitted during life. 1 *' 1 onoe m «»re dosed my eyes, thinking that •when I looked again the thing would have van- |ished. Bot no J There was the shadowy figure jeommencing to retreat slowly backwards, its [transparent aim raised, the fluhless band with jits bonj fingersbeckoning me to follow. It re- 'minded me of Hamlet and the ghost on tLe castle ramparts, only I assure you I felt jprecious little like the impetuous Prince; I ^required no holding baek. I tried to speak, jbut the words 1 framed with my dry lips were onandible even to myself. As soon as the ahadd jreached the 0{Mn door leading into the main p»m, I arose mechanically as though impelled toy some unseen power, and went with bated jbraalii after the etill slowly .retreating appari- ^on. It eontinoed to wave iU ghostly hand iron door which led to the ralt btfew. ^fie the bullion and securities WW fcepUn ^ge safes,or ratherstrong rooms, WWUBttked.' Yijtfite expefeted to m the figure " mntner. But « "" no barrier jimPol^tt^woottt cashier. Sfe ' of unguis!) emphatic than to my bemtiirwi work, I can sssure you 1 felt considerably relieved on being rid of the apparition. Further work was, of course, put of the question, so E summoned the caretaker to let me ont, imparting nothing whatever to him regarding the straugts experience I had just gone through. " Next morning I called upon Mr. Turnover before he left home, and recounted to him what; had taken place in his bank the night before, I was not in the least surprised at my story beting received with a smile of incredulity. " * My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but unbelieving banker, * you, of course, fell asleep in the chair and dreamed all this.' ; " * Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover,' I answered, warmly. | " Still, the old gentleman remained unconvinced. " 'Remember,' he went on baateringly, «you; had partaken of supper and wine—generous old port ?' | " However, to bring my story within reason* able bounds, I will just say that by the time we had arrived at the bank I ha<L*Imost convinced IMr. Turnover that I had Been the ghost of his .delinquent servant; and he agreed, at my re> jquest, that .we should visit the vault together, * though surely,' observed he, * you don't expect to encounter your sad-faced Spook again, bo early in'the day ? ' i " When we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to open two large upright safes standing against the w«lL " • Everything seems as usual,' he remarked, after surveying the interiors. * Your spirit evidently had no particular tale to unfold, even if you had been abie to accompany him here last night.* 1 " * Why did it beckon to me so, earnestly in this direction P' I remwked. • Bjf the way,' I added quickly, as sceptical companion went about- securing the safes again,* what of the big onetover there to the left; aren't you going to opethat ?' " * Ob,' he answsrsd carelessly, • that is an old one not in use ; has not (been opened, I should say,for several years. Itis empty.' , " 'I suppose there is no objection to nie<baving a peep inside P* " * Not the slightest. There is tie key/on the wall there!' | " I handed it to him, and he at onceiinserted •it in the lock, while I staed by ready to«pull the {massive door aside. , " 'Dear me,' remarked Mr. Turnover, in but- .prise, as the wards worked quite easily, • I certainly expected some difficulty.' " I pulled at I be heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just as if it had been opened daily with the other*. " The next moment an exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, as he started back several paces from before the front of the safe. " I instantly sprang forward from behind the ponderous door, and followed tbe direction of my father-in-1 aw*s dilated eyes. . " Well might the Old gentleman be strocgly affected ! " There, on tbe circumscribed space of the floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a •mnn. His face was distorted and horrible to look npon ! The staring eyeballs and protruding tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation. " * Bradley !' " I exclaimed, as soon as I could find breath enough. "• Yes, it is Westcott Bradley,'said Mr. 'Turnover, in a lowly, husky wbisper. " There was no doubt about it. The sicken* ing spectacle upon which he gazed constituted the mortal remains of the man who had be* trayed the trust reposed in him by his employers. When t he body came to be removed to a place to awiit ttie Coroner's inquiry, several t£xotig bulky leather pocket-books containing tbe proceeds intact of the cashier's appropriations were discovered. £k> the bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than I should otherwise have dono, Mr. Turnover was kind enough to say that,as I had been the means of recovering the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was elicilc d at the inquest except the information that tbe lock of tLe dis-used strong room worked spiiug wise, and it was conjectured that Brad- Icy, who bad evidently been using i he safe for his own purposes, had opened the 4eor, then hung up tLe ki-y in its nccustoracd place, gone inside, and in a moment of forgctfulncss let the door corns cu the spring, and so made the rccrfitacle for concealing bis plunder bis living loinb." 