Aboriginal Graves. How Kolan River Blacks are Buried The following is the custom usually adopted in this district, which ex- tends from Walla (on the Burnett) to Miriam Vale:-A shallow grave about 3ft. deep is dug with a yam stick, facing the rising sun; then a sheet of bark is laid in the bottom to lay the body on, another sheet of bark is placed on top of the body, usually resting on four stout saplings placed across the grave and filled up with soil; and their superstition generally causes them, to clean the leaves, etc., away to allow their ghost to get away without soiling his feet, and also that he may easily find, sundry treasures, such as a favourite matchbox, or something that his relatives have placed on the grave- side with the idea that it may come in useful on the journey. The burial usually eventuates at sunrise the morning following the death; then towards midday a near relative com- mences cooeoing towards the sky, and continues to do so until he is satisfied he has heard the deceased reply "Good-bye every-body; I'm going now." In former years, about a month after the burial the body was ex- humed and the remains carried to a hollowtree in which a hole had been chopped. about shoulder high, and the skeleton dropped, into its last resting- place, and the hole covered over with a-strip of bark, and the tree marked all round with a toma- hawk to tell a man is buried in there ("bones in there"). A piccaninny in this district is generally popped into a hollow tree straight away, evi- dently not being worth the trouble of a double burial; in fact, occasion- ally a white ants' nest that a porcu- pine had hollowed out has made a food substitute for a tree. When a backfellow from another tribe dies here, it is customary to send the skeleton to his own country in course of time. As a mark of great respect, the tree in which the skele- ton has been dropped is burnt, so that nothing may again remove it. The Mary River and Frazer Island blacks used to strip, the flesh from the bones, and carried each in a separate dilly-bag (this is an honour conferred upon the gins), until all was decomposed or the smell got too much for them, when they adopted the hollow tree. In the northern end of this district a platform is often built as a bed for the dead, constructed of four forks, about 9ft. high, a few crossed sap- lings, and a barkfloor, on which the body is laid and left exposed for the weather and time to destroy. After placing the body on this floor, a fire is lighted on either side to frighten away the devil ("melong"), and so the ceremony ends. After the burial is over, the women (a few near rela- tives) go into mourning, the favour- ite dress being feathers, which are stuck into the hair, forming a weird looking head-gear; unsightly gashes are also cut all about the arms and legs. The men, however, prefer to paint their bodies with coloured clay. Aboriginals are dreadfully super- stitious, and always after a death shift camp a few miles away, where they build a bough gunyah, where the old warriors place the articles the deceased most prized; and lie in wait to catch the ghost, which they believe they do, and when they learn his new name-pass him out for ever. THE QUEEN AND MR. GLADSTONE. There is an odd story going the rounds in England to the effect that many years ago the Queen and Prince Albert were walking unat- tended on a country road, and passed a gipsy tent. Prince Albert laugh- ingly suggested that they should have their fortunes told, and they approached the camp. An old woman appeared, and looked first at the hand of the Prince, but the first glance made her drop it, and she refused to tell what she saw, saying: "You live with the sun, but the dark will soon deepen." Then her Majesty's palm was offered. The gipsy looked and then knelt. "I am in the presence of one who is great in this world," she said, "and I give you homage, though I know not who you are. Your days shall be long, but sorrow will not spare you, and when your end comes there will be a falling stone." lt is said that her Majesty has occasionally referred to the prophecy, and now believes that Gladstone is the stone indicated, and that her death and his will not be far apart. 