OOMPIiBTB STOSY. [published by speoul ARnwaEiiaNT.Jv* D¥Tikn«j H. G. WELLS. [oorraiont.] . lion, averse on principle to painful -thoughts, and X doubt that if in the'whole of bin married life his mind had dwelt for five minutes together on the possibility -. of> his losing her. .• v They were both young, and intimate com- . pambos—such companions as many desire to ~ be, uud few become: And perhaps it was her sense of the value of this rare companion- , ship that bad made her, when first her health declined, run muny an avoidable nsk rather - than leave him to go his way alone. He wus sorry thafc she was ill, sorry^sho should suffer, and ho missed her, as she hy. upstairs, in a thousand ways ; but though the doctor was mindful to say all the* ••'pre-. paratory" phrases of his profession, and though her sister spoke, as she'conceived, quite plainly, it was as hard for him to understand' that this was more than a . temporary interruption of their life, as. it • would have been to believe that the sun • would not rise again after- to- morrow The day before she died ho was restless, v and after wandering about the house and taking a short walk, he occupied himself in planting out her evening primroses—a thing - she had made a point of doing now for. tea-• springs in succession. The garden she had - always tended, he said, should not'seem. ; neglected when 6he come down again; Ho' had rather thaOiis own work got m arrears • than that this should happeu. The first realisation, when the doctor, finding all conventional euphemisms useless told him the fact at last in stark, plain words, stunned him. Even then it is doubtful if ho believed. He said not a word in answer. buc ..r the colour left his face, and tho lines about, his mouth hardened. And ho walked softly' and with white expressionless features, into . her room. He stood in the doorway and stated for a minute nt her thin, little features, with tho. eyes closed and. two little lines between tho brows ; then went and knelt by the bed and looked closely into her face. She did not move until he. touchedher hair, and very, softly whispered her name. .. Then her eye3 opened for a moment, and. - ho saw that she know him. .Her lips moved,., and it seemed that she whispered one of those foolish, tender, little names that happy married folk delight in inventing for one . other, and then she gathered her strength as.. if with nn effort to speak distinctly. Ho beat mechanically and heard the last syllables of For a moment ho did not clearly understand:. what tho words were. That was all she said, c; and as for him ho answered not n word. Ho - put his baud in hers, and she pressed it j faintly and then more faintly. He kissed her forehead with dry lips, and tho little lines of pain there faded slowly into peace. . * For an hour they let him kneel, until tho end hud come: and all that time ho never! stirred. Then they had to tap his shoulder to rouse kini from his rigour. He got up ; slowly, bent over her for a moment, looking . down into her tranquil face, and then allowed them to lead him away. That was how Reid parted from his wife, and for days after he behaved as a man who had been suddenly doprived of all initiative.'. He did no work; ho went nowhere outside tho house ; he ate, drank, and slept mechanic ally ; and ho did not even seem to suffer - actively. For tho most part ho sat stupidly ' at his desk, or wandered about tho big garden ' looking with dull eyes at the little green buds that were now swiftly opening all about him. Not a soul ventured to speak to him of his loss, albeit those who diduot know him might have judged his mood one of absolute apathy., But, nearly a week after tho funeral, tho floodgates of his sorrow were opened.Quito . suddenly tho thing came upon him. Her. • sister hoaxd him walk into tho stu-ly and. throw himself into n chair. Everything wan : still for a space, and then ho sprang up agaiu, and she heard him wailing, "llary .I -. Mary !" and then he ran, sobbing violently!' nnd stumbling along tho passage to his room- ; It was grotesquely like a little child that had - suddenly been hurt. He locked his door ; and her sister, fearing, what might happen, went along tho passage-; Slio thought of rapping at tho door, but on ; second thoughts she refraiuod. After listen-'; ing a while she went away. It was long after the first violence of Ida \ ..Li r.~L Uf grief hud passed that Reid first spoke of hw. feelings. He who had been a matter-of-faofc' materialist, was converted, I found, toa briief in immortality, by the pitiless logic of her uncompleted life. But I think it wnsau imperfect,'' a doubting belief eren at the best. And to strengthen it, perhaps, ho began to show a glowing interest in tbo inquiries of those who tiro sifting whatever evidence there inny be .of tho return'of those. who hrc dead. ♦♦For I want my wife now," said lie. "I want her in this life. I i wahfc her about me, her * comfort,' her presence.-' Wfiiit does it matter'that I shall meet her again when I r changod, andshe .is changed ? It was. t clear trivialities, the little moments, the touch of her-hand, tho sound: of her voice in the room with me, her distant singing in the " If I garden, and her footfull ou the stairs, could believe that," he said, " If I could | believc 'And in that spirit it was that ho kept to the old home, and would scarcely bear, that a thing within or without should be altered in any way. . Hie white curtains that had been there the last autumn', hung dirty in the windows,- ar.d the little desk tlmt. had been \- her own in the study stood there «' till, with the peh thrown down as he fancied she had IC-ft it. • . '/Here. 11 anywhere," he. said, H'ahe is.-afc home. Here, if anywhere, her "presence lives:" .Her sister left nim whena housekeeper was f obtained, and he went on living there alone, working .little aud communicatiug for the : 'most part with these dead memories. Aftcra time ho loved nothing so much as to talk of her.'and 1 think in those days thutl wusof service to him. He would take nic about the house, pointing to, this trivial thing and that, \- and telling me some little act of licrs that he ; linked " therewith. And he always spoke of her.'as one who still lived. \- "She -.does" so and so, :hc would say; j,^she likes" so and so. We would pace up , and down the rich lawn of his house. " Aly wife is particularlyvfond of those big white ./lilies,"; he would say, " and this year they \- are finer than ever." So the summer passed and the autumn came. ' ' And one day late in the evening he carno to \miy walking round the house and tapping at -r the French window of my study, and as he came in out of the night I noticed now deadly , white and'suuken his face was and how bright his eyes. ' vl have aeon her," he said tome, in a low, clear voice;. "She has visited me. I knew she was watching me and near rae. I have \- folt her presence for weeks and weeks. And | now she has come." - . Ho was iutensely excited, and it was.some tiinc'before I could get any clear story from :bim; " He had "been sitting by the fire in his study musing, no doubt - goiug over for: the -hundredth time,; day by day and almost hour by hour as he Avas-wont to do, ouo of the summer holidays they had. spent together. He was staring, he said, into the glowing coals, and almost imperceptibly it was that there grew upon him the persuasion that he was not alone. ~ The thought took shape . slowly, in his mind, but with a strange quality, of absolute conviction, that she was sitting in the armchair in front of him, as she had done so often in the old days, and watching him • a-dreaming. Fora moment he did not dare to look up, lest he sliould find . this a mere delusion. , , . ; Then slowly bo raised his eyes.* He was dimly. aware of footsteps advancing along the passage as he did so. A wave of bitter disappointment swept over him, as he saw the chair was empty, and this incontinently gave place to a tumult of surprise and joyful emotion. . For ho saw. her—saw her distinctly. She was standing b?hind the chair, leaning over the back of it, and smil ing the tender smile he knew so well. So in her. .life • she >iuid. stood many a time. and listened, to him, smiling gently.. The firelight played upon her face. ' "1 eaw her as plainly as I see yon," he said. " I saw the smile in her eyes, and my heart leapt out to her." For a moment ho was motionless, • entranced, and- with an instantaneous . appreciation of the ti,unsitorine.*'s of this •appearance. ..Then suddenly the door opened, tho shadows «in the room rushed headlong, and tho housemaid came iu with his lamp lit and without .the shade, a dazriing glare of nakedJiaine. The j'ellow light spia.sheil over the room, and brought out everything clear and vivid. ■ ..." By mere reflex action he turned his head at thesouud of the door handle, and forthwith turnedlt back again. Bat this face he had longed'for so patiently had vanished with the shadows before the light. Fvorything was abruptly plain and material. - Tho girl replenished the fire, moved the armchair on one side,~and took away tho scuttle lining to refil it with coals. A curious bashfuluess made Keid pretcud to make notes at his table until theso offices wcro accomplished. Then he Rooked across the fireplace again, and tlie . room wus empty. Tlio sense of her preseucc, too, had gone. He called upon her name again and again, rubbul his eyes aud tried to force her return by concentrating 'his mind upon her. But nothing availed, lie could see her no more. He allowed me to cross-examine him in the .most'detailed way upon his story.' His manner was so sine, "so convincing, and his. honesty so indisputable, that I went to bed that night with my beliefs and disbeliefs greatly shaken. Hitherto I had doubted every ghost •story 1 had heard : but here at last was ouo .of a different quality. Indeed, I went to bed that nightau unwilling convert to tho belief In tho phautasms of ihose who arc dead, and all that belief implies. My faith in lieid was confirmed by tho fact that from lato August, when this huppened, until December, ho did not see lho apparition again. Had it been an hallucination begotten of bis own intense brooding it must inevitably have recurred. But, it was presently to bo proved beyond nil question, that the* thing he saw wus an exterior presence. Night after night he sat iti his study, longing for the repetition of that strange experience ;• and at . last, after many nights, he saw her for the second time. It was earlier in'the evening, but with the shorter winter days tlio room was already dark. Once nioro be looked into his study fire, and once more that fire glowed redly. Then thero came the same sense of her presence, the same hesitation.before ho raised' his eyes. But this time he" looked over the chair at once and saw her, without any flash of disappointment. V , At the .instant he • felt not the faintest suspicion that his senses deceived him.' For a moment he wa3 dumb. He, was seized with an intense longing' to touch her baud. Then cama into'his head some half-forgotten s-tovy. that one must speak first to "a spirit. He lcaued forward. j '• Hary!" he said very softlyi' ,But she I neither' moved, nor spoke. ; And then suddenly, it seemed that she grcwlcss distinct. | "Maryr" ho whispered, with a sudden jpang-r-bf- doubt. . Her features grew unfamiliar. Thensuddenly ho rose to his feet, and as he did so the making of the illusion was demonstrated. The high light on a vase, that had been her cheek moved, to the right ; the shadow that hud been licr arm moved to left. Few people realise how little we actnally seo of what is before our: eyes; a patch of light, a patch of shadow, and all the rest our j memory, and our, imagination supply.; A ] chauco grouping of dim forms, in the dusky i firelit study had furnished all the suggestion 1 his longing senses had required. His eyes ! and his heart and the humour of chance hud cheated liiin.' He stood' there staring. For a moment the disintegration of the figure filled him with a sense of grotesque horror and dismay. For a moment it • seemed beyond the sanity of 'things.Then, as lie realised the deception: his senses had contrived, he sat.down again, put his elbows on the table and buried his face in his hands. About ten ho came and told me. He told me in a clear, hard voice, without a'touch of emotion, recording a remarkahle fact. that I should tell you this," he said. Then ho sat silently for a space. "She will come no moro," he snid, at last. " She will come no more." Aud suddenly he rose, and without a greeting, passed out into the night. • I 