CHRIST'S HUMAN UNDER STANDING. (By the Rev. E. J. Gough, M.A., Rector of St. Paul's, Dundee.) Sitting in the midst of the doctors.— St. Luke ii., 46. "Sitting in the midst of the doctors." We must be careful, In considering this sole incident of our blessed Lord's boy hood, to keep strictly within the limits of wihat is actually written in the Gospels. Christian sentiment, Christian art, and commonly accepted notions are not ql- ways quite true guides. To begin with, that Jesus should be found thus sitting among the doctors was not in itself any thing unusual, but quite customary and a. matter of course. Round tlie sacred precincts of the temple were chambers where the Rabbis sat for this purpose, and to these the Jewish lads, who came up to keep the Passover, resorted, to be catechised and instructed in the law and the holy scriptures. Jesus, therefore, WENT THERE JUST AS THE OTHER BOYS of His own age did. Nor, again, when there, are we to picture Him as acting in an unusual way. He assumed no ex traordinary attitude as a teacher, among the Rabbis, as some pictures have re presented Him;. He behaved in no way differently from the rest — at any rate, there is not a word in St. Luke to war rant the assumption that He did so. "Silting in the midst of the doctors, hear-, ing them, and asking them questions" — that is wihat the gospel record says. "Hearing them;" that is, listening like the rest, respectfully and as a pupil, to their instructions. Nor is there anything unusual in the expression, "ASKING THEM QUESTIONS." All the Jewish scholars were invited to Interrogate their teachers as to the meaning of Scripture, or of the many and varied religious observations en joined upon them. And now, regarding this incident in its true bearings, we shall find some great lessons deductible from it for our learn ing and for our comfort. And in the fore front this — the relation in which this true and real manhood of Jesus Christ stands to our own in regard to matters of the mind and intellect. What per fect sympathy with ali our mental in firmities and intellectual perplexities, all our difficulties and dangers in arriving at certain knowledge and secure belief, can He feel for us, who can look back to those years in Gaiilee and Jerusalem, when His own human mind was expand ing to the apprehension of Divine Truth, and when He, as Boy and Man, was working His way, as we have to work ours, to full ereaturely intelligence? He knows, therefore, the many by-paths along that way of truth, the many seduc tive voices that would lead our minds astray to the right or to the left; He is "touched with the feelings of our in firmities," mental as well as bodily. He has infinite patience, therefore, with doubters, whose doubts are honest, and whose hearts are humble; only remember they must be that With the doubt that does not doubt itself, which lias pride behind it and pride within it, Christ can have no sympathy; for of all human souls His was the most absolutely humble. "Learn of Me; I am meek and lowly in heart." But secondly, WE LEARN FROM OUR LORD'S TRUE BOYHOOD AND MENTAL GROWTH in what manner and by what means all such growth must be attained. What a lesson, first of all, as to the necessity of study, and mental effort and earnest use of the faculties with which God has en dowed us each! A lesson, surely, for the young. Schoolboys may learn from this Boy in the Jewish school diligence in study, earnest endeavor to acquire all useful knowledge, the serious responsi bility. of these youthful days of prepara tion for life here and hereafter. Ay, and older persons, too, may well consider whether they really use sufficiently their intellectual powers in the study of the things of God. This is a day of cheap knowledge, eompendiums of news, litera ture light indeed and abundant; but on how many tables does one find a theo logical book, . or a treatise on some church doctrine? Opinions are hastily formed on the most serious subjects and as hastily given, with no real or prayerful study— these are the order of1 the day. Again, it-is surely significant that THE BASIS OF THAT "UNDER STANDING" was the knowledge of Holy Scripture Like Timothy later, "from a child He had known the Holy Scriptures." In those quiet days at Nazareth He bad learned frpm Mary's lips the sacred writings the Pentateuch, the psalms, the pro phets; it was His knowledge and "under standing" of these that astonished the doctors; but He attained that knowledge by study as a Boy in the village home and the village school. And it is re markable that in His temptation in the wilderneaf He met- and - conquered the. JTempter. altogether with' "the sword .of the Spirit,, ujhich- Is the-word Of God;"'! that in His dyjng hour on the cross the seven last woriiMj are almost -entirely quotations from the, psalms. . It was by ; his knowledge of prophecy . that He understood, in the three years of His pub- lie life, the plot ever thickening around Him, and how the will of God, which He ever sought to do and bear, is bound up with its accomplishment: "The Scripjtpre must be "fulfilled" — again and agaif/He reiterates It; and by His knowledge of Holy. Scripture it is that, after the re surrection, He can "begin at Moses and all the prophets,", and expound to the perplexed disciples the "things concern ing Himself." THE VALUE OF THE OLD TESTA MENT SCRIPTURES. Men nowadays incline to treat lightly these Old Testament Scriptures, to cavil at the date or authorship of a psalm or a prophecy; yet from these the Son of man drew into His human mind Divine truth and the knowledge of the Divine will. "Search the Scriptures," he said; "they are they which testify of Me." Might we not profit by His experience and by His advice? Is it not a warning to. teachers to give to instruction in the Holy Scriptures the first place in their system of education, and to parents that they send their children to schools where this is done? But, again, we have in the Holy Child an example of the capacity with which a sinless nature can assimilate Divine truth. Truly THE SECRET OF HIS WONDERFUL" "UNDERSTANDING" lay very largely in the fact that while in His human nature He was in all -points, mental as well as bodily, even as we are, yet He was wholly "without sin." Between that Boy and God there was never the smallest shadow. Never did He lay His head on the pillow at night with the prick of conscience at the re membrance of a lie told during the day, or a word of passion, or an act of dis obedience or impurity. The conscience was clear, the soul and body clean and white, and so the mind and heart lay like a translucent mirror under the revela tion of God. Between God's will and that Boy's there was absolutely no diver gence. "I come to do Thy will, O God;" it was the rule of His boyhood as of His later years. And tg_that opening Intelli gence to which DIVINE TRUTH WAS EVER A CONSTANT JOY, God found endless avenues by which to reach His sinless human consciousness. Did He in later years teach His disciples what the lilies meant, the grass of the field, or the fowls of the air? He was but teaching .them what He himself had learned when He roamed in His spotless childhood over the hills of Nazareth. God was, indeed, from infancy onwards, in all His thoughts; the very fount of Godhead lay behind His assumed hu manity, and into the expanding human mind poured Its treasures of grace and truth. Do we, men and women, learn here the secret of our dulness in the things of God, our indifference and apathy about them? Is this what our blessed Lord meant when he said, "Ye must be converted, and become as little children ;" and that "things hid from the wise and prudent" may be "revealed unto babes?" Ah! but you are inclined to say "WE ARE NOT SINLESS AS HE WAS; " our consciences are seared with the memory of sins gone by; our souls weakened and defiled with the burden and the strain of sins still present; our hearts and minds are no mirrors for the Divine revelation, or, if they ever were so, those mirrors are dulled, and will re flect nothing." I know it, I know it, yet I am inclined to repeat the lines of the old hymn — " There is a Fountain Jilled with blood, Drawn from Emmanuel's veins." We are not sinless, but we may "wash our robes and make them white in the blood of the Lamb." Penitence, true and real confession, realised forgiveness, these are within our reach, by God's in finite mercy, and it is those who live under this constant cleansing who will keep the mirror of the soul bright to re flect God's image and God's truth. Yet, finally, we must remember this, that IT IS NOT BY MERE HUMAN IN TELLIGENCE OR HUMAN STUDY, though these be needed, that Divine knowledge is apprehended. There is another faculty, of the soul rather than of the intellect or the mind, which we call spirituality, which is essential for understanding tlie truth of God. Deep in the human soul of Jesus this spiritual faculty dwelt. It was this that made the eights and sounds of nature, on the soft uplands and quiet valleys of Gali lee, full of the thoughts of God, and drew His human soul Into the contemplation of that unseen world in which His God head from all eternity had lived. It was this that made that first visit to Jeru salem and to the Father's house so full of burning interest and holy joy to the Child of Nazareth, and with it there was joined that deep reverence of spirit which ever characterises the souls in which God is making Himself felt and known. Indeed, that Divine gift dwells in each regenerate soul which God' the Holy Ghost has made His temple; only let us remember how in one that Divine capacity becomes enlarged, and in an other seemingly undeveloped. Do we, then, know WHAT TENDS TO DEVELOP AND WHAT TO HINDER these spiritual gifts? Indeed, I think we do. For what says the apostle? — "They that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, and they that are after the Spirit the things of the. Spirit;" and again, "The carnal mind is enmity against God." Ease, luxury, self-indulgent modes of life, a mind en grossed solely with business and the cares of this transient wsrid — these, given way to, will indeed leave dormant in the soul its highest powers, will stunt its growth and check its development. On the other hand, it is wonderful how the spiritual capacity of the soul may be trained by Divine gtface, where the flesh is subdued to tlie Spirit. How in tuitive the knowledge of the Divine will, how clear the insight into deepest mystery, how sure the steps in the path of truth (where others can hardly see their way), which some souls attain even in this world of uncertainty and doubt' But "this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting." It must be so, surely; for what are His ownWrds?— He Who knew our inv» Who was Himself Bby - and Man, Wh« "learned"— ay, "learned by the thine that He "suffered." Were they not these? —"'Blessed are the pure in heart- fni they shall see God." " - . ' True Marriage.— A true marriage is not a mere temporary arrangement, and although a young couple are said to be married as soon as a lady has chang ed her name, the truth is that the real marriage is a. long, slow intergrowtb like that of two trees planted quite close together in the forest.— Hamerton. Giving. — There is a great mistake in supposing that giving Is concerned only with material benefits. These form in deed. but a small part of its mission. Whoever creates happiness, whether by a kindly greeting, or tender sympathy - or Inspiring presence, or stimulating thoughts, is as true a giver as he who empties his purse to fill the hungry. 