PROTECTIONISTS IN FLIN DERS DIVISION. MESSRS. LYNE, COPELAND, AND NELSON. CIVIL SERVICE REFORM. "A political meeting, under the auspices of the National Protection Union, was held in St. David's-hall, Arthur-street, in Flinders Division, last night. Among those on tho platform were Messrs. W. J. Lyne, M.P. (leader of the Opposi- tion), and H. Copeland, Carroll, and Frank Clarke, Ms.P. Mr. James Ward occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance In the hall. Mr. Nelson, the member for the division, addressed the meet ing at some length, and called attention to tho fact that' the fiscal policy of the Government was closing down every industry in the country. He condemned tho administration of the Public Ser vice Board appointed hy tho Roid Government, and instanced eases where old servants had been thrown out of employ in order that a few paltry pounds per annum might he saved In the pen sions to which these officers would have been entitled in a few months. He concluded hy mov ing — "That, in tho opinion of this meeting, the policy of the present Government is injurious to the best Interests of the people, aud should ho altered at the earliest opportunity." (Applause.) Mr. H. Copeland, M.P., seconded the motion. He addressed tho meeting in his shirt sleeves, owing to the heat, and ran lightly over the de merits of the Roid Government. He referred to the lack of employment, which he ascribed to tho removal of the duties. If the labor required for the community were employed in foreign countries, they could n.ot expect to have constant employment. He com batted the statemont that Mr. Held had lifcii £1)00,000 off the backs of the workers of the colony. (Cheers.) The hacks from which tills sum had been lifted wore tho backs of the wealthy importers. (Applause.) A Voice: "There's one or two of these import ers in Phillip, Harry, so be careful." (Laughter, and a Voice: "Me doesu't care where they arc.") Mr. Copeiand: if they continued to send men into Parliament who would tako the bread from their mouths, and politically cut their throats, then they deserved all they would get. Mr. Reid was trying to resurrect tho old ghost of the reform of the Legislative Council. A Voice: "We'll have a hard job to reform hltn." (Laughter.) Mr. Copeland: The electors would not he gulled again on that point, but would at the next election give the Reid Government its deserts. (Cheers.) In connection with the civil service reform, he said that .on the head of Mr. Held absolutely lay the lives of some dozens of the citzens of New South Wales. (Cheers.) Tho men who were retired were deliberately robbed of their pensions, and If any private employer had treated his servants In such a way he would have been dubbed as a rogue aud a swindler. (Cheers.) In 1S82 six members of the strongest Government that ever sat in New South Wales were swept into oblivion, and the people should do the same at the coming election. (Applause, and a Voice: "We will.") They did not want the policy of dog eating dog at the election, for that was the only thing they had to fear. lie did not want to see auy cannibal protectionists. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr. Lyne said he had spoken long enough on the previous evening to last for a while. He had attended to lend his support to their member, Mr. Nelson. (Cheers.) I-Ic referred briefly to tho public service reform, and said that the civil servants had been compelled to contribute 4 per cent, of their salaries to a pension fund, and yet the Government had turned these men adrift without their pension, allowing them merely their 4 per cent. back. This was nothing hut re pudiation of a mean and diabolical character. Supplementing tho remarks of Mr. Copeland, ho said that prison-made goods from Germany wero being brought to the colony in steamers subsi dised by the Government. Mr. Reid had re ceived the gold medal of the Cobden Club, and was accordingly anchored. This was tho grap pling iron which that club threw out to secure its adherents. (Applause.) Mr. John Norton supported tho resolution, which was carried. A vote of thanks was ac corded to the chairman. 