ABOVE EVERY NAME. [Bv Ri-.v. Gershom Urkexhough, M.A.] ' Wherefore God also hath highly exalted Him and pivei) Him a name which is above every name : that In the name of Jesus every knee shall bow.'— Phil. II., 3, 10. Wo are often told that there is nothing in a name. Shakespeare said it. 'What's in a name ':' Shakespeare said it in fun, nnd therefore it is repeated in pfritn earnest by all of tin; neon'o who have neither humor nor poetry. A name, they say, is only an arbitrary grouping of letters, a meaningless sound. Vour call ing is no consequence at all, and does not change the fact ol what yon are now. It does not make you a doubter to call you Thomas. Ko, happily. And it does not make you a rock of faith to call you Peter, or a believing di.'.LMplo to call you .John. I wish it did ! It is tin1 ;n:in that makes tho name, and not the iiimiu Uiat makes the man, though in sundry phrases we are told with an air of authorita tive wisdom of the mini who is a bundle of hard facts without a thread of sentiment. And, of courso, it is all quite indisputable— at least, we readily admit it for the sake of peace. I never argue with a man of facts. What is the good': It only makes two equally foolish persons angry. And yet there is a sentimental side of tilings, which, thank God, some of us p.ro weak enough to see. The flag is only a piece of colored bunting, plus a sentiment ; fin t for that Has thousands of men have died, and so would you. Names are only meaningless sounds, yet they are among tho mightiest forces in the world. They stand for persons, for great causes, faiths, and principles. They bring up never -to-be - forgotten deeds; the letters which com pose them arc only weak vowels and con Bnnants, but the thoughts which they suggest are well-nigh omnipotent. You know in the political world names are often mightier than priiiciph?!*, nnd in social life and literature, inural.s, ,ind religion they exercise a woll-nigh immeasurable influence. The intellectual world for a long time divided itself into opposite, camps by two names, bloody and irR'sistib'.t', which built up kingdoms, swayed tho world, and made history. A name will stir up a crowd to enthusiasm, when all the per suasiveness of eloquence have failed. 3Ien are awed and subdued bynames, thrilled, soothed, fascinated, carried out of themselves, lifted above thnmsi.'lvi's, fired with heroism, inspired with Kcal. Per a name men will confront danger, go through shipwreck, face the king's wrath, endure prison, the rack, scaffold, and stake. Yes, when you sam up tlie forces which have made the world march to get to its present Btagc you rind that names have bad a foremost, if not tho foremost, place. And something of this— much of this — was in the apostle's mind when he wrote about the Name which is above every name. These words declare an accom plished fact, and they utter a great prediction. '(JDil hath highly exalted liirn once and for over: at die name of Jesus every knee shall Low.' i w.uit to speak to you, if you will allow me, about the Nam';, what it was and is and will be, al.out the Name v.s a binding force, about tho Name as our grand inspiration. A DltKAM I-TLKII.LEI). And, fir^t, we hare here a marvellous pre diction that is ever hastening to its fulfilment. Judged from the standpoint of that day it was the most astounding, improbable prediction that was ever uttered save one : ' I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto Me.' The man who wrote this was the moat fur-seeing of tho prophets, as well as the greatest of the apostles. He saw the whole future with clear, wide-embracing eyes; at least he read the grandest pages in that j-et unopened scroll of the future. He read the ono magnificent .secret which the centuries would slowly reveal, but which was then com pletely hidden from the eyes of men. At that time tho power of Jesus was quite unknown and unfelt except by a few handfuls of obscure be lievers— probably not one-hundredth part of the human race had ever heard it, and of those the greater part had heard it, only to scorn : it w/.s too insignificant to be taken into the world's calculation of forces. Those who thought they were making history, thinkers, writers, statesmen, and soldiers, wera either ignorant of its existence, or they passed it by with contempt. Nay, tho very Christiana in those early centuries for some time were afraid to utter it in public' They clothed it under a f-yinbol which theyudored and lovedaboveevery name. We find' in the catacombs of Rome, when; the early Christians buried their dead, rudely drawn here and there the figure of a xir-.li. It was the Christian symbol; they took the. five initial letters of the Greek words, 'Jesus Christ, Son of God, Saviour,' and the letters spelt the Greek word Jehthon, ' iish,' and they passed that on from mouth to mouth as a sort of masonic sign. All tliu initiated knew what it meant. It stood for .lesns, the name they did not give out in public; it w.13 the most vulgar, abhorred and despised name in the world, and tho world at that day was linked with other great names that seemed likely to endure for evr-r — C;esai3 and sen-tors and empire builders, names that V'Tii utiii'd, for whom temples wi-ro Iwilr, which made millions of men bow in awo and e'. -ii uvror. Oh, it must have set-mod, and it B-.-eini-J indued, the very wildest of delusions to i.ntidpato for this one naino Jesus an exaltation so yui'i Kissing, a power outstrip ping all taV-ulation and imagination, a place in men's hearts and a sway over their minds which would fling all the influence ami majesty of the dinars into utter littleness and oblivion. It might have been, and was thought, tho more dream of an enthusiast or the prattle of a fool. ' We are fools for Christ's sake,' said the men who wrote it, and 110 wonder. I fear if we had been living then wo should have seen lunacy written upon the faces; and yet everyone knows now, thank God, everyone knows now that the dream hath been fulfilled, not completely, not as it will be, by any means, but magnificently beautiful, and to such an extent that the greatest effort of mind can hardly take it in. You sometimes say it is hard to beliovo that Jesus will one day be Master of all the world. You say it takes great faith. No, it took great faith in those days. It requires no groat faith now, for the battle is half won. If Jesus Christ does nob yet rule the frorld, His hand upon it is far stronger than the hand of any other. His force, Indeed, i6 almost equal to the sum of all bther forces. His name exercises a charm, a magic, an irresistible fascination quite out of somparison with all others. There are great HiimiG of distinguished and prominent living men spoken and known wherever the language j goes ; there are far more illustrious names which figure on the pages of history like shining stars amid the darkness of the past— prophets and apostles, reformers, founders of religion, world-movers ; but it would be mere trilling, nay, an utter profanation to compare them, to write those names alongside this and weigh against His their moral influence. Why Ho overtops them all, as some alpine height looks down upon tho little dust-heaps at his feet ! Where the doctrines of Christ are least obeyed His moral supremacy is acknowledged. Where His deity is denied the sublimity of His mind and character ia recognised; where men deride His miracles they bow, and cannot help it, before His spiritual purity ? and where men hold aloof from His churches they have a consciousness that 'never man spake and never man lived like this Man.' The place which Jesus occupies in the world to-day is beyond all computation. The secret part which Ho plays in the world's movements and the mighty influence which lie exerts upon tho world's ideas defy all esti mate, and it would be as easy to count the sand of the seashore us to count the pulses of hope and thought and endeavor and emotion which come from Him. Never before has lie had so many workers, messengers, witnesses spreading His truth and holding up His be loved person to the gaze of men. Never be fore has Ho attracted so much reverential devotion and kindled so lmiek impas sioned love. You talk about the ad vances, tho wonderful advances which have been made in this present centui'3'. There is not one of them to comparo with the unexampled advance and expansion of the Saviour's power in this century, both among the masses at home and abroad. There is not one known land — island or con tinent — where His name has not been sounded, not one tribe or race of tana which lias not yielded to Him its tributo of converts; hardly a village in which His life and death story has not been told ; and no moral darkness any where into which His Gospel has not shed at least some scattered beams. And if you tell me that the number of His professed adherents are still a minority com pared with the vaster number who have not yet learnt to call Hun Lord, I say — V'es, alas, in count of heads that is so, not in power and influence and tlie hold upon the future. Why, tho Christian nations — though they are sometimes only called Christian — but the Christian nations, and especially the Protestant nations, are fast becoming the mighty, all- inlluencing nations of the world. Inevitably and slowly, nay rapidly, they are. bringing all the world under their influence, and their thoughts, and sentiments, and religious conceptions, and moral. standards, and their spiritual ideals are fast moving to universal dominance. Not only by tho mis sionary, but by a hundred other ways and instruments, some of which the Saviour might not sanction, but by all these ways and instru ments He is getting for Himself inevitably and irresistibly the mastery of tho world. There is very music in the name— it is sweetness most ineffable. It heals like medicine and soothes likes li!:e nn anodyno ; it allays fevers, disperses fears, illumines despair ; it imparts vigor, inspires courage, makes suffering patient, poverty bearable, and even death welcome. It brings with it a world of glad ness and hope : it transfigures common men and women, and lo ! they are heroes, saints, and martyrs. Ic makes live worth living and death not dying ; it is the 2vamu we all love best, the Name which wo first heard from our mother's lips, nnd we hope it will be the last upon our lips before they close in the long silence, ' the- Name which God hath highly exalted above every name.' THE O.M.V J'OS.Sl U1LITV OF UNION'. Now in this adorable Name, lilted above every name, mark that there is one binding force in the midst of the divided nations and peoples. It is slowly bringing the nations together, but 1 cannot dwi-11 upon it. Kspecially, it's the one and only possi bility of union and united labor in the Church of Christ. Names are mighty both. in dividing men and in uniting them, but far mightier than uniting them, welding tlieiu into one man, making their hearts throb together as the heart of one. An ainiy is consolidated by a name, and multitudes clasp hands iu brotherhood under tho magic of a name. Differences and disputes, class distinc tions and envies, moral and intellectual barriers, aro swept aside like a fiiiny web by devotion to a Name, and this Name ' is above every Name.' l-v.irely, my brethren, wo aro all feeling this — all Christians, at least —in that souse of unity which is tukiii;.; masterful possession of us. Whenen has it come'/ Surely it is because the Church li.is been of late persistently lifting tho mime into pre-eminence — I moan lifting it above every sect, party, school of thought, system, crei-d and creed makers, and theologies, even because the Church is feeling again, as in tho apos tolic days, the transcendent power of 'the Name. It is because of that that there has come into every branch of tho Church a pro found longing, a sigh like the groaning of a new creation— a desire for oneness. Tiiu lift ing up of tho Name and the lowering for one ness are cause and eifect ; and that which has produced the longing will inevitably bring about the grand realisation. Everything else, my friends, 1 think, divides. Creed, divide ; tho moment you formulate your beliefs you accentuate differences. Sacraments divide ; alas, it should be so ! It is a melan choly thought that that last suppsr, which was given us as a memorial of love and pledge of brotherhood, has split tho Church up into rents and chasms. Orders divide ; it is in the very nature of orders to divide. They are founded on caste and pride and privilege. Organisations divide, too. Theories ot the Church divide. Favorite teachers and leaders divide ; the very Apostles divide, as thev did m the Church ol Corinth. I he Catholic world says, 'I am ot Peter,' and the Protestant says, 'lam of Paul,' and the Unitarian world says, 'I am of Apollos,' or, maybe, of James, and the dear Plymouth brother says, with great suavity, '1 belong to none ot you, I am of Christ.' All these things divide; it is the Name only that uuiles. You get together a large number of Christians, gathered indiscriminately out of all tho cliurclifs, and ask them what they think of Ciilvin and Luther, Wesley and YVhitetield, Spuv^eon and Pusey, what they think of priests, cicrgyni'-n, ministers, baptism, and holy communion : what they think of the Athfiiiasian Cited, thu Thirty-nine Articles, the Westminster Con vention, the Shorter Catechism or any new Catechism. Ask them what they think of their own ordination, li turgid and ceremonies of tho Church to which they belong, and you raise a perfect tumult of answers, as varied, and perhaps as anpry as the voices of Bedlam. Then, if in the midst qf all this, you bay — 'What think yo of Christ?' there will first be the hush of a great awe and a shamed silence, and then all voices \yiii breai^ forth iu one glad harmonious confession. ' Ho is the Way, the Truth, and the Life ; He is all and in all ; He is the chief among ten thousand and tho altogether lovely,' and wo shall be all one when we all realise that He is the End of all desire, the Crown of all hope, the Sum of all faith, the Centre and Soul of all worship, tho one furnace fire of love, kindling love in all, the one adorable Being Whose Name is so far above every name, of sect aud party, that to men tion them in the same breath is an irreverence. We shall all be one indeod as soon as we make it tho great objecb of our ondeavor not to preserve and exhort our own function, phases autl dignities, not to push our views into prominence, not even to multiply and magnify our own Cb.urcb.eB; but to get His power felt. His will done, His healing and sal vation spread, His all- subduing love made manifest. Then will all our liome mission work, and our foreign mission work, too, bo rebaptised with the Holy Ghost, and with power when we have lifted His Name above everything else that we feel and hold dear, and put it where God hath exalted it — 'above every name.' THE GRAND INSPIRATION. Now we have hero the grand inspiration that we need for our work, in the joy that tho Name, tho supremacy of which wo aro seeing to-day, and our unquestioning belief that it will get for itself universal obedience. There is all the inspiration which the Church needs for its onward march in its fight with darkness and sin, and they aro all tho source of prayers and longing, earnest labor, and self sacrificing zeal. My brethren, the Apostle has surely told us here tlie secret of his own magni ficent devotion and sustained energy, and he has told us here in brief the story of all those who, with him, went forth for the Name's sake, as wo read. To him to have the Name was quite- wonderful; it was more than wonderful. It was uuuUerably dear, a very sacrament of mystery aud grace; it niadu his heart beat whenever ho heard it; it set his lips quivering whenever he saw it; it was written upon every fibre of iiis being, burnt in letters of fire on every thought and emotion ; it represented all that ho hoped for, all that made life worth liv ing, all possible joy here .and beyond thegrave ; it was so sweat to utter it, so sweet to sound it in the oars of others, to spread the savor of it abroad, and to see eyes gleaming as they heard of it— the power of the Name over him aud them. Moreover, he believed, and all those who labored with him believed, beyond a doubt, beyond the whisper of a fear, that this Name would and must get to itself universal power— 'At the name of Jesus every knee shall bow.' It was a profound conviction embodied in that magnificent assertion that sent all those men out to their awful, lonely, majo3tic, and apparently unsuccessful conflict witli tho world tliat steadied them in failure and charged them with indomitable pur pose and mado thoir faces all aglow with anticipated triumph. They were per ieetly sure that everything would yield to this. Principalities and powers, thrones and dominions, spiritual wickedness in hie-li places and in low places, Riipars'itiom and religions, and all moral and intellectual and material forces, would slowly yield to the ! power of the cross anJ sway of the Name. These two things, the sweetness of tho Name to them, and their conviction of its irresistible power in the world, made them preachers, workers, missionaries, made them fearless, enthusiastic, fervent, untiring, persistent, and gave them their victory over the world. And, ray brethren and sisters, we shall all share their sympathies and thoughts and pur pose and confidence, too, to the very full so far us wu have grasped, as tiiey have done, the import of tho Name, First, oh lirst, is it a power in yo ir own hearts? Do you believe it yourselves? How much is it to you1' Is it true as you often sing — Swccicr sounds than music knows, Cliunn me in Eniiiimel's liaiiiu .' in it true as you often repeat — Nor hcarl can ain.u', nor tnnjjue can frame Nor i-nn tlie memory !i;i'l A sweuter sound iliun Thy blest Name, O saviour of unmkiii'li Is it dearer to you t'n.in all the names oi pomp and splendor and hiiinnu ambkiun '! Is it dearer — I am .vfraid to .ask ifc. yet it ought to be— than mother, wife, and child V Does it suggest to you all that is best in life and all you darts think about when this short life is over? Is it a name that you would willingly suffer for and rather die than deny? Would your memory lose its most precious treasure li this Name were gone ? Would your hopes fail aud sink out like, some flickering lamp burnt down to its last drop of oil if tin's Xame wsre forgotten '! Would all tlie world grow suddenly dark and something shoot through your hearts as if they were about to break if this Name were lost? Does it mean that to you? And it means all that to thousands. Then you will want to say not in rhetoric, but in sober seriousness, aud not in passing rusts of emotion, but with an abiding pur pose, My gracious Saviour and n:y God, Assist me to proclaim, Ami spre&'i through all the cari.li abroad, The honor of Tliy Name. And do you helievu as tho Apostle declared there, and as tho Apostles believed, because it would have been did utmost treachery to their Lord to doubt it, do you believe, as every devout Christian must bclievo, that this Name will have uiujucotion&d; and absolute sovereignty and supremacy in this world tiiat ic will no longer continue to divide the world as it does now v.ith other forces — tho forces of darkness and sin and other masters, but will possess, f.s it already claims,., the whole '.' Do you believe that every other iiiune, though revered and honored by millions no iv, will bij lowered and .swept aside aud utterly forgotten that this may be all in all? If you beliovo it— I w.ll not insult your faith by saying 'if'— you do believe it, For who that has any part in this Name can ever abate one jot of that mighty hopu and assurance ? Yoa aro false to His Divinity nnd you make playthings of all His promises if you talk of that with bated breath aud whispered humbleness. Your faith is only a trembling apology if ii, faiicies that other musters Mid other powers will continue for ever to divide the world with your crucified and risen Lord. And your alle^ianae to Him is not worth the breath that expresses it unless you claim fcr Him tho coming mastery every heart and crown Him Lord of all. And if you believe that then you will pray for it. You will do something more, you will labor to make your prayers eScatiia). You iviJl speed it on, you will thank (iod for every sign of its coining nearer, you will have a profound interest in every ass.iult made .upon that kingdom oi darkness which girds around the kingdom of our Lord. You will need no urgent and reiterated appeals such as are made at collection times and such as weary tho man who has to make them to bring out your measured and stinted sympathy and support. Your hearts vvili be liiled of the saving' comps:»-io!i of Christ: you will be at least touched with the (iro and fervor which fiout tlie lvorkors down into the Filums of the city and tho missionary utit to his liio of loneliness and cross-bearing, and you will have a live and large part in that grandest aim and object of every Jivu church, tho hopo of tho time when tho Name shall havo brought music to every heart as it has to youtn, and where every knee .shall bow under tin; thrall of its subduing ' ' ^ ' ' 'y' ? „_ We havo received through Mr. A. Mills the sura of 10s. as a donation to the South Ade laides Cre'ehe. The amount has been donated by tho owner of a looket found by Mr. Mills and advertised in The Advertiser. Mr. George G. Newman, B.A., the head master of Whinham College, has sent us a copy of the fourth edition of his 'Preliminary Spelling,' tho object of which is to give prac tice to those desirous of presenting themselves at tlie University examinations. The success of previous editions has been very great, and the revision to which the work has now been subjected, together with the additions made to' its contents, should render it especially popular with, teachers aud students. 