(COPi-riucr) COLLEGE JACK. H RETARKABLE, YET TRUE STORY OF THE anal Recordr of "n Dierna's Lan? .BT CA PI ir ACIE CHAPTER VIIL 4I am afraid the rua will klil :Mary in the meantime unless, impos sible as it may seem, he has relented and is taking her back to her home again. It almost looks like it in his coming this way amidst the settled district God grant all may turn out well yet." replied the leader of the ex pedition " If not I wish I had never underraken this mission of revenge,"he added, and then I would have been at home to guard her from harm. "The greatest care will not alwhays do that. My own opinion is that your sister will come out safely in the and. and that is not far away. Keep your patience until to-morrow, friend," returned Griffin. This was the best advice he could give and all the men were fain to pro fit by it The r~ght passed without in cident and at daylight the tracks were again taken up and followed due east "I don't understand where they are making for in this direction. I thought they would turn north or south but \- they are going straight on and will come up with a sharp turn soon. The coast is not more than a couiple- of miles away and there is no escape in that direction," spoke the constable about an hour after noon as he was \- laboriously tracking the fugitives. The sm-all footmarks of Mary Ed wards kept beside the larger prints of the man and there was no mistaking the tail in consequence. Each hour they became fresher. and as the sun de clined in the western heavens the four men came in sight of the ocean at a point not far from Falmouth Bay. They were now not more than a mile distant \- from it, and as the tracks led straight on it occurred to Griffin that the fngi tives were making for one of the numerous caverns which indented the coast line in that direction. " Of course Tarleton would. have some knowledge of this locality, but it is absolute madness on his part to think of escape in such a manner I will run him down in twenty-four hours if he adopts that idea He will not have the ghost of ashow, and he must be insane to think of such a thing. Yet why does he bring the girl with him in this fashion ?-and she appears to be willing enough to accompany him, too. If she was the heroine her brothers picture her, why she would have given him plenty of trouble before going this far. IIts a queer afair altogether, but Miles Griffin is just the man to elucidate it," the somewhat puzzled constable mused. There was a conviction growing up in his mind that the girl was not ac companying the outlaw against her will for it seemed scarcely possible the san could force her to do so underthe circumstances without using extreme violence Of course he did not hint his suspicions to the brothers, who seemed as if a dark cloud of woe had fallen on them. It was near sunset when the party arrived at the dlif which fronted Tas man's Sea. In places they were a couple of hundred feet in height and so pre -ciptons that no human being could possibly descend their rugged sides, but there were many weather-eaten spots where the explorer could descend to the beach far below. The footprints led to one of these marine paths and be-fore going down the constable led the party over to a ledge of the cliff where it might be possible to get a good view of the coast line. "We may have a chance of seeing -the fellow, but if not we will go down at once. It will not take us five minutes and may save hours. The tracks, as you noticed, are quite fresh so that they cannot be far ahead-" This was so, and the three men will ingly followed in the eager hope that they might be able to catch sight of the girl if not the bushranger. There was a magnificent view from the spot though the mists of evening were be ginning to fall upon the ocean and sea ward little could be di-tinguished. To the north and the south the parr looked but nothing met their eyes save the stretch of frownir- coast line To the south the small h-aroor of Falmouth as noticed scarce two mine, away, and in this direction the constable fixed his gaze as he felt it. wa? pobiee the bush ranger might ake the -irl and leave her there rathr than make a sa-crifice. His attention wa, a-tracted by a wild cry from Frederick Edwards, who stood on a projecting rock in the cliff aboa. t-wenty yards away The young man was standing withi his right arm out tretched in a northerly direction and his whole bearing denoted intense ex citement. With a ron Miles Griffin was at his side and stood dunfounded for a few minutes looking in the in dirate~d direction. The other two men joined the group and they looked upon a novel scene and one they never forgot From a small cove not above three hundred _yards from where they stood a small boat had shot out and in it were a man and a woman whom the sp~Dc tors at once saw were Tarleton and MLary Edwarid The latter appered quite compoed and -iwas sittig in the stern holding the rudder while he ru uanly compafon rowed. The boat was making straight out to sea. and though the water ws com paratively smooth it sometim-e seemed to ,~spprar in the hollows betw-een re .roillern. . Almost as the constle ,reached the side of young Edwards the outlaw saw the group, and he apm .parently pointed out the men to his compamon. The girl turned her head and looked towards the cliff and then waved her hand. Almost immediately afterwards the group of men heard a strange laugh which they could scarcely recognise as that of their sister and it mystified them more than ever. The tall outlaw plied his oars vigor ously and the little craft responded to the strokes, and as the sun dipped his chin on the western horizon the gather ing mists swallowed up the strange pair as they went phantom-like into the white gloom. "With strained eyes the four men tried to pierce the veil which hid the boat and its occupants from them, but it was in vain and with a heartbreaking sigh John Edwards turned his mute, appealifig eyes to the constable and the latter understood. "It is only a ruse to put us off That boat will come back in an hour or two and we must be prepared for it. There are only two places along here where' they can land, except at Falmouth. Someone will have to go there and rouse the settlers to keep a watch along the coast and also bring down the body of Toin Barrows from the mount. If you'll go, John, we will remain here on the watch-at least I'll stop here while Michael and Fred take up a position at yonder fath. It is the. only thing we can do, and if you rouse the two settlers and their men at Falmouth and tell the constables at Barrows's homestead what has occurred we will soon nab them. You might find out about the boat, too. It must have been stolen from below, or at least it belongs to someone about this district If you are willing you had better start at once, but if you want to say here perhaps one of your brothers will go. What do you say to the plan ?" spoke the official. "I will go by all means We must not forget poor Barrows, and the infor mation should be given at once, as you say, in the hope that it may lead to the capture of that man. He must either intend to return or commit suicide for a boat like the one they are in could not live five minutes in a rough sea. My poor sister! I can't quite make it out I'll go now and reach Falmouth before it is quite dark," and with a last look at the fog-covered sea John Ed wards turned to the south and left the group. " Now, lads, you can either stop here or go to the other pass aboutlour hun dred yards across there. Of course we can't stop them from landing even if we wanted to do so, but I wish to prevent Tarleton slipping us again and malting for the ranges. He would do it in a moment if he got the chance. By watching the passages to the beach he will be prevented, and in the morning you may have revenge on him. The least rise of wind will drive him back whether he wants to come or not, and this time we must be careful not to give him a chance of getting away," said Griffin. " Any post will do Fred -and-I- and the one you mention is as good to us as another. I would like to ask you a question, MIiles, and give me a true an swen Do you think my sisteris in her right mind?" queried Michael " Well, I never gave such an idea the least thought. Why do you think she is not?" asked the constable. " By her strange action in this mattei and the peculiar laugh we heard just a few minutes ago. It was not the laugh of lary Edwards though the form was hers," responded Mich ael. .... The officer was a hard-headed man, who attributed wronig-doing to every cause but madness, and he was a:bout to tell the brothers he thought the- girl was sane enough when the look in their faces stopped him and he cleverly ef fected a compromise, which he did not believe himself, but would calm in a manner the fears of the two men. " There may be a good deal of truth in what you say, for the girl has gone through enough to send her crazy, and at her age the mind often becomes af fected; but still she may have been carried off by force to act as a hostage as I told you before. In thelatter case her mind would be all right, and in order not to bring down the violence of her captor-which could do her no good-w-ould probablj~ do as he direc ted. Tarieton iust now would order her to wave her hand to us as much as to s?i-ify sne was going with him of her own free will, and she was: sensible enough to obey the order. The scoun drel has got her in his power and would not scruple to kill her if she declined to act as he wanted. We have run him down at all events, and there can be no escape for him now. I will see he does not get back this way and I expect you to carefully watch the other pass," re plied M?iles Griffin. boon alter the two men left tneir companion and went towards the point where the passage led down the cliffs to the - beach. Selecting a position at which they could not be seen by any one coming up the path, they passed the night without having to act in such an emergency. The constable was similarly circumstanced. He kept guard on the narrow way by which alone the outlaw could leave the beach and make once more for the ranges. Miles Griffin did not doubt for an in stant what the man's object was. He felt convinced that being forced down to the coast he had by some means be come possessed of the boat, and enter ing it with the girl waited until the ex pected pursuers -would masle their appearance. Then he would put offin the desperate hope they would imagine he was going to risk death on the sea or make for a point further north or south of the position. The official was too old a bird to be caught with such chaT. He well knew that for many miles to the north there was no landing place, and he had provided for the southern contingency even if the man shculd be foolish enough to go to a place like Fa!mouth where he would most likely be seen and captured. It was more likely the outlaw, think .ing.the pursursuers would not stop long at the spot whence they saw the boat dis appear, might return under cover of the darkness and make for the interior again, and to defeat that supposed ob ject the constable lay concealed in the rocks and watched like a panther during the whole night As he lay, with the silence around him,_ the thought of MBary Edwards took fuller possession of him and he marvelled at what it could all mean. The idea of thegirl being held a prisoner against her will was fast disappearing, and he now concluded there must be a mystery in the bu;iness which he could not fathom. Perhaps after all she was mad, for her behavior was almost sufficient to convey the idea. When her sweet heart, Tom Barrows, was slain before her eyes, and partly through her instru mentality, she did not appear to be sensibly affected by the tragedy. . This was inexplicable in the eyes of Griffin, for some months previously when on a flying visit to the Fingal district he had seen a meeting between the two and was firmly convinced they loved each other sincerely. So theofficer-mi seti during the night, each hour of thought causing him further mental disquiet and -making the web still more tan gled. When morning broke and nothing had occurred to justify his theorysome thing like anger filled the breast of the constable. The fog was slowly rolling back from the still placid ocean,but no spec of sail or black dot of boat could be seen. Going down the passage about forty yards he reached a position from which the beach could be observed for a long distance, and, shading his eyes against the rays of the rising sun, the constable took in the northern view. Nothing but cliff sand and sea were noticeable, and after assuring himself there was nothing suspicious in that direction he turned to the south. There two or three moving figures broke the view, but he quickly saw the ob jects were men from Falmouth whom John Edwards's news had sent forth. There was no sign of the woman or Tarleton, and, greatly disappointed, he turned and retraced his steps to the summit of the cliffs where he was at once joined by Michael and Frederick Edwards and later on by a couple of settlers from Falmouth. They knew little or nothing about the matter save that a boat belonging to one of them was missing from its moorings about "a mile disfant from where they stood. As it was the only craft in that particular part it must be the one in which the girl and the bush ranger had put off from the coast in. The two men had not heard anything about the cutlaws nor the fight on the mount Both had been on their own farms keeping a look out for a possible enemy, and they were greatly relieved when John Edwards told them the real position of affairs regarding the out laws. He had left them to go to the constables at Barrows's house and neither of them had seen him since, as in obedience to his request they had taken up watch on the beach until day light The story about Miss-Edwards was quite incomprehensible -to them and they could not understand. it. So far no word had reached Falmouth that thegirl was missing from her home at Honeysuckle Creek, and from that fact it wat clear she could not long have been taken away by the outlaws. -Such was in effect the narrative given by the two men, and the owner of the boat supplemented it -by saying the little craft which belonged to him was seaworthy enough but-and there was a great deal of meaning in his but-it could not possibly weather even a light gale on that coast So if the man kept out at sea he and his companion must inevitably be lost. - - As it would be.quite possible to re main on the water for days in the pre sent state of the ocean, the constable decided to take immediate measures to prevent the bushranger landing unless he ran the certainty of capture., There was another small settlement at £? Helens, about ten miles to the north, and Michael Edwards, who knew the distance well, agreed to go along the coast and warn the residents there, who would guard the coast and capture the outlaw if he appeared in that direc tion. - .t".Keep a close watch seawards and along the beach,Mlichael If you catch a glimpse of them it will be best-for you to return here and get our help. At any rate get someone to assist and you may possibly have the fellow alive so that we may worm out his story. The path along the cliff'is a good one and you should be.there in three hours from now. Get Jones, 'the constabie: there to use his best endeavors' in having the boat sent down from the end of the point, and if you succeed it would be as well to return this way by water. The fellow mnaybe hiding in some nook where he can't be seen from.the top of the cliff Use your own common sense in the matter, and remmber, MIichaeL this is the time to exercise your mind and body. There will be plernty of time to rest when this trouble is past," spoke Griffin to his friend The instructions fell in with the views of the party, for it was quite possible for the occupants of the boat to pull along towards the north and effec: a landing in that direction. The fog orn the previous evening and the gathering gloom hid the boat from sight before it was half a mile from the cliff. and it was quite likely Tarleton wheri he could no longer see the figures on the lau:d would change his course and head for the north as being safer than a southerly run. It was out of the question to be lieve he would keep due east, as the nearest land he could hope to meet in that route was New Zealand many hun dreds of miles away. Without delay Michael Edwards set off and the remainder of the party with the exception of Frederick, who was ordered to remain on the highest part of the cliff and keep watch, descended to the beach and began a close search around the point at which the boat had left the shore. As the constable ex pected no footmarks were visible at the place, but the tracks that led down the the path all trended south thus showing Tarleton and his companion must have gone straight to the boat and then rowed to the part whence the men had caught sight of it CJ 8 (To BE CON?IUED.) 