Primitive Methodist Church Anniversary Services. The eighteenth anniversary of the Primitive Methodist church was celebrated on Sunday by special services, which were conducted by the ltov. John Penman, of Parramatta. Tho morning service was very well attended, and the preacher, taking his text lrom Mathew 11, 28-80 — " Come unto me all who are weary and heavy-laden," etc., — showed the full- application of tho words. He first protested against tho ordinary limited application of the text, which merely made the words apply to a man in his realisation of his sinful condition, and the need for being saved therefrom. He maintained that the words ap plied to all men ivlio were honestly and innocently weary and heavy laden with the ordinary struggles and responsibilities of life. Tne afternoon service was held at two, but owing to the hospital demonstration the at tendance was not so large, and the same cause made, an abbreviated service necessary. . The preacher discoursed on the text (Mathew 20 — 1-16) " The Kingdom of Heaven is like unto an householder who wont out early in the morning to hire laborers into his vineyard." Tho King dom of Heaven, said tho preacher, is within. It is not meat and drink. It is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. It is Christ-like character and disposition, and when this spirit calls a man and he responds in a similar spirit — which he must do — then ho finds his reward or compensation in the good that he has dono. Love- brings its own reward; and in order that wo may be true exponents of the real spirit of Christianity, wo must have the mind and spirit of Christ, which implies sacrifice. At the evening service the church was crowded, many being turned away. Mr. Penman preached on the parable of the rich man and Lazarus. Tho parable, he said, was not to bo interpreted literally. Tho gulf which .divided Dives and Lazarus was character. Tho teaching of the parable was to show the falsity of appearances — that things are not what they seem — that the heaven of a good life and the hell of a bad life lie behind what we see. The life to come is a- continuation and product of the life that we now lead. , TEA- MEETING AND LECTURE. On Monday evening the annual tea, followed by a lecture by the Rev. Mr. Penman, took place in the Oddfellows'-hall. About 800 persons sut down to ton. The tables — five in number — were laid out with taste, while the supplies were choice and ample. Some of the ladies of the congregation gavo individual tables, and others were made up by contributions, among which was noticed that donated by the Christian En deavor Society. Above this table was suspended tho motto : "For Christ, and the world." No. 1 table was presided over by Mrs. Campbell,. Misses Campbell and Leslio ; No. 2, tho 'young ladies of the C.E. society; No. 3, Mesdames Hammond, Hoskins, Clayton, and Miss K. Morris; No. 4, Mesdames I). Morgan, Hodge, W. Gill, and Miss Easterbrook ;.No. 5, Mesdames. Wade, Henry Jones, Bichd. Jones, Wardle, J. Genders, and Miss Wade. ' A number of the sterner sex found employment in keeping the teapots replenished, and everything passed off satisfactorily. At eight o'eioek the Hon. J. Cook (chairman), accompanied by tho Revs. Penman, Laseron, Stewart, and Pettingor, took his sent on the platform, and proceedings opened with the hymn " All Hail the Power." The Rev. W. Stewart ongaged in prayer, which was succeeded by an. anthem from the choir. The chairman said ho thought it just possible that, with all the advantages of modern civilisa tion, we wore liable to forget the happy days of bush, life in by-gone years. Although great strides had boen made in the world-gonorally, and tho! iron-horse now rattled through tho land, want, suffering, and unhappiness had been by no moans eradicated, but he trusted tho day was not far distant when thoy would be considerably minimised. Before asking Mr. Penman to de liver his lecture, ho called on Mr. Pettingor to rend his financial statement. Rev. Mr. Pettingor said at their church they kept the tfust and circuit funds together, and the past year had been a fairly prosperous one with thorn. They had met their circuit exponses well and owed their parson nothing. (Applause.) Tho figures lie had mado out showed what had been received through special efforts. They woro : — Reception tea, £15 9s 9d ; donation from Sunday- school, £3 ; tea-meeting in September last, £17 16s. Total, £86 5s 9d. Tho expenditure amounted to £37 16s 7d, tho largest item being £12, interest on £200 owing on tho church and parsonago. Tho Rev. Mr. Penman, who had a hoarty ro- ception, then bogan his description of " Austra lian bush life 80 years ago." His stylo was easy and colloquial, and the locturo was mainly a narrative of personal experiences in tho old days. The sceno and incidents described belonged to tho coast districts ofN.S. Wales and Queensland, and pertained entirely to tho lecturer's first droving trip — from Maitland to Rockhampton — which lasted 12 months. The hardships, gaieties, and perils of the drover's life wore vividly des cribed. Inter alia the lecturer remarked that during his ministry he had always avoided in flicting too much roligion on persons in bodily pain. This was apropos to an accident, through ; lightning, which he met during tho trip, and which was availed of by a minister to give him (Mr. Penman) an unpleasantly large dose of re ligions instruction, while that which ho needed was physical relief. Native customs and super stitions wore lightly touched on, and ilashos of lmnior kept tho audience pleasantly interested. Mr. Penman stated in conclusion that the ex- porionces of thoso 12 months had taught him many good lessons — useful to him in his capacity as a minister of the gospel, and had fitted him for many a conflict and difficulty in after life. Ho enjoined upon tho young people prcsont to meet tho difficulties which beset the path of life with a, bold, dotormiued spirit, and resumed his seat aiuidst loud applause. . Rov. Mr. Pettingor proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks to all who had assisted with the tea, etc., which was seconded by Mr. Campbell and- carried by acclamation. ' The proceedings clo3od by the Rev. D. Laseron pronouncing the benodietjon. Tho choir was led by Mr. J. Campbell and assisted by an orchestra consisting of Miss Hyde, organ ; Messrs, ltoid and Thomp son, violins ; Mr. A. J. Nortkey, cornet ; and Mi'. 7 Adams, euphonium. 