FOR RUBE'S SAKE. Working hours were over in the Great White Canyon. Mary Verner pulled down the little window of the post-office of which she was mis- tress, swept the contents of the narrow counter into a drawer, which she locked ; then pinning a broad-leaved hat above the curls that clustered about her brow, she passed out of her log cabin into the sweet evening air. As she reached the low fence which ran be- fore her house a hurried footstep sounded through the gathering gloom, and a man's voice said : ; " Is that you, Mary, my girl ? You look little more than a ghost under the shadow of these bushes." " You've kept your promise, dearest, and come to see me," she cried, as she threw herself into the arms of her lover. Reuben Halse kissed the red lips so frankly offered before he spoke. " Yea, Mary, I've kept my promise, but I've come to say good-bye." " Good-bye—good-bye ? You're going away ? You're going to leave me—your sweetheart— your wife that is to be. " My dear little girl, don't cry—don't grieve. You've been my sweetheart, faithful and true, but we can never marry." The strong man's voice broke and died into silence. " Go on ; tell me the worst," sobbed the girl in his arms. " Listen, dear. You know that latterly things have gone wrong with me. The bit of money I've saved for our wedding in the fall was stolen, and then the cabin I'd built for you down by the Blue Pools was burnt. Still, there was the farm stock and your little purse of savings left, but the drought has killed the stock and—oh, Mary, how can I tell you ?" Mary drew apart from her lover and steadied her trembling form against the garden fence. " Someone has robbed you of the money I gave you. Oh, my poor boy " She stretched forth her pitying hands towards the man before her, who only bowed his head and shuffled his feet in the thick white dust. " Tell me, Reuben, tell me how it happened. Ah, surely, you are not thinking that I shall blame you for such a misfortune," and once more she crept to his side. But Reuben thrust her from him. " 'Twas no misfortune ; 'twas a crime. Your little savings, those few coins you've starved and scraped to keep, lie there." He pointed with his lean, brown hand down the canyon to where, amidst a dense mass of foliage, a few lights twinkled. Mary staggered. Down there ? At Ffolliett's ? I lost it all at faro last night." For a moment no sound but the evening breeze whispering among the creepers and bushes and the harsh note of a night bird broke the silence. Then a woman's voice, ten der and low and full of tears, murmured, " Rube, dear Rube, I forgive you " " Don't. Mary, don't ! I'd rather you would strike me !" The stars twinkled their diamond eyes on the man and girl as they said farewell. For Reu- ben had settled to leave the canyon that night. " Bill Redfern, One-eyed Sammy, and Joe, the Portugee, are going, too. We're all broke, and maybe will starve out there," and he waved his hand towards the wide forest land of Ari- zona, " as in this canyon here. Don't sob so, my girl, you'll break my heart. I'm not worth a tear from your pretty eyes or a choke in your white throat. But, Mary, you might pray for me sometimes, and when you're married to a good chap as don't go to Ffolliett's and neglect his farm for the tables and the bar, think of me-e, who loved you, but was not worthy to have you." Reuben Hasel and his companions had been gone from the Great White Canyon for a week. Mary's cheeks, never very full of colour, had grown pale and heavy, and blue lines beneath her large eyes told of sleepless nights and many tears. Yet Paul Harding—" Beauty Paul, as he was called in the canyon—thought he had never seen Maty look so lovely as he clattered up to the door of the post- office one morning and asked the young post-mistress if there was any- thing for him. " Nothing for you to-day." Yet Paul seemed loth to go. He pulled his long, tawny moustache, jingled his spurred boots upon the floor, and continued to stare through the pigeon-hole window at the girl, as she flitted about her usual business. " Anything I can do for you ?" she asked him presently. " No," Paul said slowly, taking in every detail of the girl's pretty figure, clad in a cotton frock of gentian blue. " But might I speak to you one minute—privately." " You can say what you have got to say where you are." He stared silently, first at his boots, and as his eyes wandered up they lit on the snowy shelves of bright utensils, and shining sauce pans which linedd the walls. " How different you keep the place from what a man's shanty is ——" But he stayed his compliments. " You live down by the Blue Pools, don't you ?" " Yes, next to Reuben Halse till his place was burnt out, and he came to my shanty. I saw Rube three days back." " You saw Rube ?" Mary clasped her hands above her heart. " Yes. He and his chums passed through Long Tom's ranch. I've been out there this two months past helping him brand and count the cattle Rube told me that you and he had parted, and the reason why. He asked me to look after you a bit. You see, we've been good pals, and I'd like to do him a turn now he's gone under. You will let me look after you now and again, won't you, for Rube's sake ?" The handsome cowboy, tall and strong as a giant, clad in the picturesquely rough clothes of his calling, bent like a reed before the tiny blue-clad figure of the post-mistress, who laid a slender white hand in his great palm and lifted her violet eyes to his dark ones. " Surely, Paul Harding, for Rube's sake, you may look after me when I can't look after myself." It was for Rube's sake that the following Sunday Paul dressed himself in his best, brought a little two-wheeled cart, gay with bells and bright colours, to Mary's door and asked her to drive out with him. The day was fair, and " Beauty " Paul amused her with stories of Rube, and when they came to an end he told her of his own home, in the heart of a green county in Eng- land. He made her laugh with his tales of college life, and shudder with his descriptions of the campaign in Egypt, which he had gone through. Only he did not tell her how he, an English officer, came to be loafing and drinking and gambling away his days and his health in Great White Canyon. The next Sunday Mary shut herself within her log-cabin, and neither the blue sky nor the gay cart and smartly-caparisoned horse, nor " Beauty" Paul himself could wheedle her out. " She would not be seen," she said, sternly, " with one of Ffolliott's lot." She, however, repented and forgave him on his promise to amend for her sake. As weeks and months went by, and the of the canyon changed to red and gold, Paul found that if he was to " look after" Mary he had to give up the saloon. And indeed, for a space Ffolliett's knew him not, till one October morning his allowance— the money which bought his family freedom from his disgraceful presence—arrived from England. For the next week Ffolliett's was a pande- monium, with the " Beauty " as a presiding demon. Mary heard of it and refused to speak or look at him. Then it was that he flung himself before her one day and prayed her to save him from that which he was powerless to save him- self from—drink and dice and bad companions. And she did what other women have done before her and will do again. She placed her hand in his, and, with her heart full of Rube Halse, she promised to marry Paul—for his soul's sake. The eve of their marriage day arrived, and with it Paul's allowance from England. The occasion and the opportunity suggested a carouse, and Paul informed the " boys " he would be standing treat at the Ffolliett's that night for the last time. Paul was full of liquor—he had drunk Mary's health with every man in the place—and he was also full of luck for once in a way. A pile of gold lay before him on the table, and he was just proposing another round in Mary's honour when big Bill Redfern strode in and was greeted with a shout of " Alloo, Bill, you back ? What lack, pard ?" " Luck, my lads, I leave lack to fools and dead beats I've been working, and, thank God, I've worked for something. I've put my sweat and muscle into the ground and I've struck ore ! None of your dust or pockets, but a vein as broad as an ox's back and as long as a river, and so I've come back with Rube ——" Paul looked up with a start. Here was he drunk in a gambling hell on the eve of his marriage with Mary, and Rube had come back. " What did you say ? " he muttered. " I said Rube and I had come back. But don't let me disturb your game. Come, come, have a drink ; I'm standing treat, and as to Rube, here's his health and Mary's ! " " I'm standing treat !" shouted Paul, spring- ing up. " Have a drink with me !" And with this be flung his liquor in Bill's face and made a rush at him. A pistol flashed, a blue puff of smoke died in the hot air, and " Beauty " Paul lay stone dead on Ffolliett's floor. Some of them went up to the post-office to break the news to Mary. There was a light in the window, and by it they saw Rube and her sitting talking. Quietly and with bowed heads they left the cottage and returned to Ffolliett's without fulfilling their mission. Next day a rough- and-ready jury having con- sidered all the circumstances of the case and with due appreciation of Bill Redfern's prowess as a dead shot, decided that Paul had courted on purpose a certain death, and they returned a verdict of " Suicide while of unsound mind." 