LITERARY SOCIETIES' ' UNION. FIFTEENTH ANNUAL COMPETITION. a ftfTcrncsRvm. fathering. SmttitBiaaaforatkmfftMsi ymn ago tb* Litenr* aosiiriai' Uaioa has ongiaatedmaa? irhiiis hMwg JortUJtobjeettWiaOllaetual IJTalmiM — I t3 tka *mitk tj Am enlaaT. Sofla* N ttMttMvwb»caaw popular, aa4 had to t» itwd—wi witaoot cmiviaf aaytoiajt fp nrnachini: a fair trial Othsta. like th* U»toa PatbaaMat, k**« swnrived, b«ft thair eanm t»f*bMaBMraorlMaehaqnM«d. Bataaud kU tk» TiOMttodM Of (ORW wUdl th* VWM bas ?nariancad then haa went baw any Vtmtim about tb* wisdoas of holdu* tlw taawl competitioB ia- U» Towa Hall. Neithar haa the institutioB baea banen of nsolta. for wimnl kwUnm who bags* their public earcacB a* competitors in these aaaual ?truffles b*T« sumo woo f or tbaaaaelTea pro mineat poatoona in the political, the ctvie, wdlh«liUr»*T world. That the withdnwal from aetire membenbip of so away of those who wtablished the high ?Uadard of exe«l lenee whiob haa characterized the competi tions from the first has not proved fatal to the Union speaks volumes for the practical efficiencr of the Societies as a training ground for yooag own and women. For several years it was considered neeeaaarjr to offer substantial prises as aa inducement for the best aea to come forward, but since the abolition of this system about five years ago and the substitution of a certificate of honour fora money prize there nasootonlynotbeenany fallinir-off intbeiaterattmaaifaated by mem bers, but the number of entries haa steadily increased year by year, and the general stan dard of excellence has cetUinly not been lowered. On Thursday evening, September 15, the fifteenth competition was held under the presidency of His Excellency Sir T. Fowell Buxton, who was supported by the President of the Union, Mr. J. H. Symoa, Q.C. The Town Hall waa crowded to the doors by the friends and fellow-mom ben of those who had been auccessful in wresting from other aspirants the right to take part in the final stiuggle for supiemaey ia the various divisions. For those who had a per sonal or party interest in the result* the competition of couno possessed an absorbing interest, but even the casual listener must have been hard to please if out of the long and varied programme be could not find ample marAMti fat* m.9% n**nia%(r*ai *n irfMTfVUVnt- Prior to the commencement of the pro rramme Mr. W. R. Koox (organist of the ileoelf Congregational Church) gave aa organ reeital, which included the following items:— March in C (Ouseley). ' Angelic Whispers' \V. K. Knox). 'The German Patrol' (Eilen jerg), grand fantasia— 'Lo Prophete (Meyer D^r). 'Serenade Italienae' (Jaell— arranged by W. R. Knox). Hia Excellency, in opening the prooeedings, »id that with such a programme in hia bands he could not trouble them with a looff address, (n all probability he would be leaving the shore* of South Australia within a few weeks, tnd while be could not help looking back over the three years that he had spent in Adelaide, be was now looking forward to a reunion with his old friends, and he knew that they would all bo asking a hundred ques tions about the colony. Especially would they bo interested in his account of the educational institutions and the means provided for cul turo io literary pursuits. He thought ho would bo able to give a very satisfactory reply to tbeso questions, for he bad some knowledge of the reading circles that had been uittablisbed. and also of the splendid work that was being dono by the Literary Societies' Union and the Societies of which it was com posed. He need only refer to the inoreane in the number of entries in all departments this year to prove that -tboy were progressing. The effort aeoessary to enable any one to compete, especially in the higher literary branches could not fail to be a powerful factor in the mental development ?jf the members. If they took an intelligent interest in the great international events which were transpiring on the beaks of the Nile snd the Niger or in China this must necessarily take up a great deal ot tneir ipare time, leaving little for literary pursuits, tie thought a young man leaving school or College could not do better than join suuh a Society, which would do a great deal towards lining him for his future career. Great as bad been the progress made in the past he hoped it would be surpassed by that of the future. (Cheers.) Tho programme opened with a ladies' elocu tionary contest, in which three competitors took part. .The first— Miss K. 3. Wrlie, King William-road— recited 'Briar Rose.' wd impersonated with considerable skill a maiden who 'could neither weave nor spin, but who could do a nobler thing than all her mocking kin.' She was followed by Miss M. Hall, St. Bartholomew's, who threw herxelf heartily into the spirit of the poem entitled 'Ladybirds race.' Miss K. Isaacs, Medin die, however, secured the first prise by hor interpretation of Tonnvton's poem entitled 'The victim.' Miss Wylie was awarded lecond prize, and Miss Hall bad to be content with a note by the Judges highly commending lier performance. Mr7T. H. Mitchell, St. Bartholomew's, was the first gentleman solo -singer, and gave the ' River of Dart.' Mr. A. J. Lyon, Y.M.C.A.. sang 'Margarita.' Mr. W. S. Dean, St. John's, carried off the palm with 'Out on the deep,' Mr. Lyon being placed second by the Judges. Only two Societies were represented in the part-singiag. Messrs. Virgo, Lyon. Vincent, snd Peagam, Y.M.C. A., secured first honours for a rollicking piece called 'The sailors' chorus.'* Messrs. Nash, Broer, and Dean. St. John's, had to be content with second place. The gentlemen's elocution came next, and although it was scarcely up to the standard of tome previous years yet toe competitors naa no reason to feel ashamed of their psrformsnce. Mr. 0. P. Heggie, St John's, who recited the well-worn atory of 'Virginia,' waa awarded Brst place. Mr. M. Ralph, Trinity Society, Mcured second prize, after having kept the ludiencein a simmer of amusement for tea minutes while he told the story of 'Sam Waller's valentine.' The unsuccessful can ilidatewasMr. L. M. Jacobs, St. Patrick's, who recited *' The death of Sydney Carton.' One of the most enjoyable items of the Bvening was the ladies' solo ?singing. The Brst prize was awarded to Miss Olga Nieaaber, College Park, for her ability in rendering a difficult piece entitled 'Loyal lovers.' The lecoad award went to Miss K. Joyce. St. Bartholomew's, who sang the 'Star of Bethlehem,' which wasalsocnosen by Miss A. J. Gluyaa, Payneham. Two Societies only took part in the dramatic icene contest. The St. John's representa tives gave the ghost scene from Hamlet, the characters being filled as follows:— Hamlet, Mr. O. P. Heggie ; Horatio, Mr. C. F. Beeton ; Marcellus, Mr. J. W. Forrester; Ghost of Uamlet'a Father. Mr. S. T. C. Best. The eecoad and third scenes from Act V. of ' Tbo Rivals' waa chosen by the representatives of the St. Patrick's, in which the following took part:— Sir Anthony Absolute. Mr. M. J. Mnrriauty ; Captain Absolute, alias Beverlcy, Mr. H. Byrne :Faulkland, Mr. L. McMahon; Bob Acres, Mr. L. M. Jacobs ; Sir Lucius OTriugcr. Mr. P. J. Morrwey. For St. John's Mr. Best was undeniably the champion, although his otherwise masterly declamation was somewhat spoiled by a want of distinct ness in pronunciation. For St. Patrick's Mr. Jaoubs did yeoman service by his impersona tion of the would-be dueller who found bis courage evaporating. The Judges gave a popular decision by awarding the first prize to St John's. The days when the impromptu speeches could be looked upon as a humorous termina tion to a somewhat solid programme have long since pasted, and as a result of the constant practice received in this department by mem bers of Societies it is now one of the severest but most satisfactory testa of the pra:tical utility of the Literary Society as a training ground. On Thursday the three subjects given to the competitors as they stepped on to the platform were 'Will the Nations Dis arm?' 'Gas v. Electricity.' and 'The Signs of tho Times.' Messrs. H. E. Pools, King William-road, and S. Berbour. North Ade laide Young Men, took the first sub ject, and in each instance a capital case was made out, although from difierent standpoint*, for the acceptance by the Great Powers of the suggestion of the Czar of Russia. Mr. E. Wood. Y.M.C.A.. spoke on the burning question of how best to light the city, and his appeal to the citizens to vote for electricity, ana thus do their duty to them selves and to posterity, found lo much favour rith the Judges that they awarded him the totpris*. Mr. Barbowtookascondboaoara. The following certificates wen also awar lad :-Eaaav- Fint, Mr. L H. Solomon. B. A.. North Adelaide Young Mm; second, Mrs. A. Scott Brand, King William-road. Short Story-Fust. Mr. T. H. 3meaton. Y.ltC. A. ; woond. Mies Raoey Schlsnk, Stow Church. Uanweript Magazine-First. North Adelaide Young SisaTaacood, Y.M.C.A. Poam fitat. Mr. H. R. Wilke. St Johns; second, MrF. L. VoUer, Y.M.C. A. The following were the Judges at the final nmpatition:— Essavs— Hon. J. V. OTogh ha. M.L.C., Professor MiteheU. M. A., and F. Chappie. B.A., B.Sc. Dramatic Scenes and aoratton-rHon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C., F. W. Wheatler. B.Sc, and Wybert Reeve. Improcptu Speeches-Hen, i. 6. Jenkins. M.P., Sir Laaceos Bonython. aad John Dariing.jun.lIP.Poen|*-Mr».J..I.Beubam, the Rev. A. T. Boas, and P. MoM. Glynn, B.A., LL.B.. M.P. Short Storios-Hon. Dr. Campbell. M.L.C.. J. H. Lyons, and C. J. Stevens. Solo-singing and Part-singing— Miss Lucy Steveost*. J. M. Dunn, and T. N. Stephens. Manuscript Magazines— The Revj, tLGirdleatoae, M.A., J. G. Hughes, and M. A. Scott. A vote of thanks to Hia Excellency for pre riding, and to the Jedna, was moved by Mr. Symon, aad earned with acclamation. 