ot Laving *»f s the foundation Ston® St Mark'B Chur«h Monteagle. 'fitD&Ylmt.; « msI-: |et|er day in the 'ipnalsdl M6nteagie| The foundation stone M the now .chuSaWi^w*; m I hatog built w «wn(icti6n^ith $&/QhpriSh o! England bwngti»W J>y Mrs.; H. Chew; of Stonwidgq, ISI fefttaiij. On account of Jhe great heat of Oto i^n/an^ Fridaywaa one of its hocteat Sb^U^ftt; begin until - tad ee^ ^d ^; %-vas also the itg^t'titivP- chance of •- the greiterJ^mfort-jiiwith \- aftpr proceedings, which proved to be '• casft. M the evening drfew oh a large concourse of people gathered together which • irn a'tOTly'tepresentative.; one :of the dia- '•'triot.At the hour of seven the ceremony in opnnecfcion -with the laying of the stone jpegan with the singing of— "The church's one foundation Is Jesus Christ onr Lord." This waa followed by an appropriate service embracing the prayers:— & O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God. Wlio art the Brightaess of the Father's gloryjaad the express Image of His Person, the Cluef Corner Stone hewn from the Mountain without hands, the immntable Foundation; Strengthen, we fctseech Thee, this stone about to be laid in my Name; and do Thou, Who sit the beginning and the end and by Whom in the beginning God created all tilings, be the beginning the increase and the consummation of this our work which is •ndertukeb to the glory of Thy. Name; Who with theFnther and the Holy Spirit, !west and nignest ever One God; world without rend. ^Ahniehy and everlasting God, mercifully b< pleased to bless this Stone which we are abovt fa. place for a Foundation in the Name and Strength of Him Who is the tried and precious Stone; and grant that all they who to the furtherance of this . work shfJl have faithfully offered unto Thee of their Substance may ever be preserved, both it body and soul; through Jesus Chnst our Lord Amen. The Dean then read the following inscnp tion which being placed in a hermiticaliy sealed bottle was placed in a cavity* under tbe atone. • . "The cornerstone of St. Marlc'a Ghurch Mimteagle was laid on the feast of the Epiphang, A D., 1898, by Mrs Henry Chew •of Stoneridge, Monteagle, the Bight Rev. "W. Chalmers, D.D. being the Bishop of the Diocese, and the Very Rev. W. Ni^ownall, B.D. Ih. Soc. Dean of Goulburni Archdeacon and Vicar • general of the ^Diocese, being the Incumbent of the Parish." After the atone had been well and truly ai d, Mrs. Ghew proceeded to say: In the faith of Jesus Chnst, I lay this Foundation-Etone, in the name of the father, and of ;8on, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. . .•'Te which the Dean added Here let the true faith, the fear of God and • and bfotUerly love ever remain. Amen. ^ This place is consecrated to prayer and to the •&se; of the Most Holy Nameof the Saviour our >Vd J sails Christ; Who ever hveth, with the l^er and the Holy Ghost, one God, world .. —itJSoutend. Anien. . .'. Tl>en after a short address the singing of the " where, er thy people meet, T,\ere<hey behold thy mercy-seat. The benediction was pronounced, and so anded ajiost instructive and interesting service, refren.hments became theneit°C.«3e of (he day, or r.Uher of the evening, and a beuntiful supply having been provided by the ladies of Monieagle it is almost needless to aay that ample jiuatice was done to the •am*. Then follawod a concert under the able oonductorship ol Mr. B. Cooper, the vocalists comprising Miss Chew, Miss E. , Chew, Miss Ross, Miss Murphy; Miss O. Bennett, and Messrs. Ehrlich, Newman, Price (2), Cooper and Reedy. This pait of the programme lent much . interest to the proceedings, «ach .singer evoking very hearty applause. The Dean '-concluded the evening with an exhibition of Lantern views, the first portion being . scripture scenes, and the latter views in niany lands, which were greatly appreciated. vShortly after eleven, «' all abroad " was the > eiy, and a pleasant return on a glorious ; moonlight night, dosed the red-letter day Monteagle. We will give a description ' «of the Church in our next. 