WHOSO FINDETH A WIFE. CHAPTER XXXVI.-THE THRALL. BY WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of ‘Dsvil’s Dice,’ ‘ The Great White Gaeen,’ ‘A Secret Service,’ ‘The Great War in England in 1597,’ ‘Zoraida,’ &c.; Mne ‘The Strange Story of England's Peril Man’s Betrayal, and Woman's Love; related by Geoffrey Deades, of the Foreign Offioe, London. ‘Dudley Ogle ! I echoed in blank amaze ment. Are you certain that the servant's [?]icions were devoid of foundation ?' Absolutely,’ she answered in quick breathlessness. ‘ In thoße days I was super cilious and disdainful, being taught to regard my dignity as Grand Duobess with too great a conceit to make a mesalliance. My mother used constantly to urge that in the mar riages contracted by members of our family love was not absolutely necessary—position was everything. Well, the months went by. We left Algiers, returned to Petersburg, and EO on afterwards my mother died, leaving me alone. I found myself possessor of great wealth, and when, after a period of mourn ing, I reappeared in eociety I was courted and flattered by all sorts and conditions of men. In a year I grew tired of it all, and longed to return to England, the land wherein I had epent many years of my youth; therefore I engaged a woman to pose as my mother, and, dropping my title, wont to London, and lived there as Ella Laing. Then—then I mot you,’ and ehe paused, looking earnestly into my face with her deep bine eyes. To me she bad embodied everything that was fair, honorable, and p or e, yet I bad dreaded some sinister peril from an unknown source. ‘ Aod we loved each other,’ I said simply. ■Yes,’ she went on fervently. ‘But from the first I was fettered, beiog unable to act as my heart prompted, I loved yon fondly, and knew yon wished to make me your wife; yet I dared not to risk such a etep without the permission of onr house. I went to Petersburg, explained who and what you were, and craved leave to marry you. A family coancil was held, bat the suggestion was noanimonsly denounced an a piece of sentimental folly. Ab, shall I ever forget that night? I pleaded to them upon my knees to let me obtain my happi ness in your love; bnt they were inexorable aud refused. At length, when io a moment of despair, I threatened that if ehut out from love by the barrier of birth I would end my life, a euggestiou wbb made-a horrible, infamouß one. prompted by Makaroff, Minister of the Household. Yet I waß ready to commit any act, to do anything in order to secure happiness with yon. Permission was given me to marry you on condition that I entered the Secret Sar vice as spy. I appealed pereonally to the Czir, bnt in vain. You were in the Earl of Warnham’s confidence, and it was seen that from yon I could obtain information which would be of greatest ntility to our Foreign Department.’ ‘So yon accepted,’ I said, sternly. ‘Yes. I accepted their abominable con ditions because I loved yon so well, Geoffrey,’ she said, gloomily, her trembling hand upon my shoulder, ‘ It was not my fanlt, indeed it wasn’t. If I had known what was to follow I would have killed myself rather than bring about all the tronble and disaeter for which I became responsible.’ ‘No,’ I said, ‘ Don’t speak like that.' ‘I would,’ ehe declared, deepsringly. ‘What followed was a dark, mysterious tragedy, while all the time I knew that yon must suspect—that, after all, yon might forsake me. Within a week after binding myself irrevocably to the Czar’e army of spies I made a discovery that held mo appalled. I found that my master, the man to whose will I was compelled to submit, wsb none other than our diecharged valet de chambre—the man who two yeara before had declared hie love. At the time my mother had engaged him be was alraady in the secret service, and bad no donht kept watch upon ns. He came to me at the Nook, and, exalting in the fact that I had become hie puppet, renewed his proteetations of affection. When, frankly, I told him I hated him and loved only yon, he at once informed me, with a grin of satis faction that the department io Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of a secret convention at that moment being concluded between your country and Germany, aud that I must get possession of it Bt any coat, through you. It wbb in order that I might betray yon that tliß Imperial permission had been given to our marriage. Indignantly, I refused, where upon he threatened to expose me to you as a Russian spy, and I saw only too clearly that any snch revelation must end for ever our acquaintance. He cajoled, urged, threatened, and explained all the elaborate precautions that had been taken by two cterkß in Rneeian pay at your Foreign Office in order that on a certain day you should carry the precious document in your pocket, and how he had prepared the dummy envelope sealed with your Minister's Beal, At laet—at laet, after striving long and vainly againßt the performance of this ignominious action that I knew must reflect 00 your heueety, I was compelled to submit. Ah ! you can never know what agoDy I Buffered. I verily believe that in those few days the terrible vengeance of that scoundrel drove me insane. The hideous ghost of the past causes me to shudder whenever I thick of it,' I echoed her elgh, but do word eecaped me. Her revelations were astounding. I had never suspected her of being actually a spy, although the discovery of the stolen Convention in her escritoire had lentooiorto that view. 'I deceived you,’ ebs wont on in a hard monotoDonß voicß. ‘ But only bocause I loved you bo fondly, and dreaded that this Man who had long ago vowed to wreck my life, would expose, and thus part us. Y6t 1 oould not bring myßelf to commit the theft. How could I place upon you—the man who was all in all to me—the Btigma of having traitorously sold your country's secrets ? The man who held me enslaved, and whose attentions I had spurned, exulted in his malevolent revenge. Once he offered, if I would renounce all thought of you and treat him with more cordiality, to commit the theft himself, but I refused determined ft t all hazards to remain with you as long aB possible. Once it was thought that tho Secret Convention would be sent to Warn ham Hall, end I wbb compelled to go down there to devise soms moaiiß «f obtaining it. I found Dudley staying in the village, and we returned to London together. The end must Boon come, I knew. Therefore I lived on in daily terror of what must follow. At last the day dawned on which I had to meet you at the Foreign Office, and filch from you the bond of nationß. After break fast I Btood out on the lawn by the eunny river’s brink, contemplating suicide rather than your ruin, when there rowed up to the steps Dudley Ogle, who hailed me, inviting lriß to pull up to Wiudsor, and them lunch with him. At once I accepted, and after embarking told him of my dilemma, and be sought hie assistance. Ab you know, he Was a good amateur conjurer, and skilled in feats of eleightof hand. Without thought of the consequences he resolved to commit the theft for my Bake, and when I had fully explained all the facts and giveD him the dummy envelope that the cunning chief of the ‘ Okhrannoe Otdeienie' had prepared, he turned the boat and put me nßhore at the «ook, afterwards rowing rapidly down to Sbeppsrton to change and go at onoe to London. ’ 1 He did this bscause he loved you? 1 I ex claimed Bternly. ‘ No,’ she answered, reassuringly. 1 Poor Dudley was simply niy friend. Ho called on yon and extracted the document from yonr pooket while you lunched together, becanso ha saw in whab a dilemma I was. He knew I loved you dearly, and never once spoke a single word of affection to me. That I swear before heaven. What followed his visit to Downing Btroet I have only a hnzy idea, bo full of awful anxieties was that breathless day. From Waterloo station he telegraphed to me that he had successfully secured the agreement and handed it to the chief of spies. Tho latter, who had been waitiDg in Parliament street expecting me, Reeing him, took in the situation at a glance, and approaching him asked for tho document, which he had given up. An hour afterwards, fearing that you might suspect me, I tele graphed to you at Shepperton to dine with u«, well knowing that already tho text of the Convention waß at that moment being trans mitted to Petersburg, aud that war waa imminent. You came, you kissed mo. I loved you dearer than life, yet dreaded the frightful consequences of the dastardly act I had instigated. Suddenly, while we were at dinner, nnd you were laughing, happy and unconscious of the conspiracy against the peace of Europe, a thought flashed aoross my ; inind. I well knew that an awful conflict of armed forces mast accrue from my deep, despicable cunning, and it occured to me, as I sat by your side, that I would, using tho secret cipher I had been provided with, telegraph to Petersburg in the name of the chief of spies, assuring our Foreigu Department lhat a mistake had been made. I slipped nut, and ruoning down to the telegraph office just before it closed, sent a message to au unsuspicious looking address, stating that tho text of the Convention already sent had been discovered to be that of a rejected draft, and not that of the aotual defensive alliance that had received the. eigaatnre of the Emperor William.’ 'Then it was aotually this message of yourß that prevented war I 1 I gasped, in pro found astonishment, 'Yes,' she answered. ' Before receipt of telegram all preparations were being made for the commencement of hostilities, but on its arrival the Czar ab once countermanded the mobilization order, and Europe was thereby spared a terrible and bloody conflict. Ab ! that was indeed a memorable night, brought to a conclusion by a dark aud terrible tragedy.’ Her astounding disclosures bold me dumb founded. I remembered vividly how, during nur lunch at the Ship, Dudley had risen and gone out to the bar to speak to au acquaint ance. It was at that moment, having stolen the document from me, ho glanced at its register number and imitated it upon the dummy with which Ella had provided him. ‘ Bub how came you possessed of the original of the convention 1 ' I asked. ‘ A week before I fled from you I received it by post anonymously,’ she replied. ‘ When compelled by my enemy to leave you and return here to my true position, I unfortu nately left it behind, and knew that, Booner or later, you must discover it. The man who, with the Czar’s authority, held me under the lash, still holds me, the plaything ; of his spite. nnd threatens tluc if I allow you to come hero and occupy your rightful place aa my husband, he will denounce' me to the British Government as a spy. Hence I am etill his puppet; still held by a bond of guilt that I daro not break asunder.’ ‘Be patient,’ urged Sonia, in a deep, calm voice. ‘Be patient, and you shall yet be free.’ ‘Ah 1 Geoffrey,’ sobbed my wife, her blanched, tearful face buried in her bands, ‘ you can never, I fear, forgive. After all, notwithstanding the glamor that most surround ine as Grand Duchess, I am but a mean, despicable woman who foully be trayed you, the man who loved me.’ ‘ You atoned for your crime by your suc cessful effort to preserve the peace cf Europe,’ I answered. 1 Yes, yes,’ she cried, with a quiver in hsr voice, there was no mistaking for any note save that of love, ‘ but, alas 1 I am in the power of an unscrupulous knave who parted us because he saw me happy with you. Can you ever forgive me? Can you, now you know of my ever say that you love me as truly as you did in those bygone dayß at the nook ? Speak! Tell me 1’ ‘ Yes,’ I answered, fervently pressing her closely in affectionate embrace. ‘I forgive you everything, darling. You sinned; but, hold as yoa have been by the hateful condi tions imposed upon you by a base unprin cipled villain, I cannot blame, but only pity you.’ ‘Then you still love me, Geoffrey?’ Bhe cried panting, gazing up into my face. For answer I bent until my lips met here in a long and fond caress. Io those moments of Ecstasy I was conscious of having regained the idyllic happiness long lost. Even though her story waa fall of bitter and terrible sorrow, and rendered gloomy by tha tragia death of her self-sacrificing friend, the truth nevertheless brought back to me the joyß and pleasures of life that long ago I believed had departed from me for ever. Again and again our lips met with mur mured words of tender passion—she declaring that her crime had been flagitious and un pardonable, yet assnring me of what I now felt convinced, that her love had been un wavering. If it were not that she had re solved to renounce her liiln and become my wife she would never have fallen beneath the vassalage of the infamous scoundrel who sought her social ruin. Thus we stood together locked in each other’s arms, exchanging once again vowe of love eternal, while Smia stood watching us, Bad, eilent, and motionless, save for a deep sigh that once escaped her. She knew that supreme happiness had come to the woman she had once denounced as my bitterest foe. [To be continued ) 