WRITERS IN THE WEEKLIES. The humerists of the world have (says Boyet in “The Ways of the Word”) come nobly to the rescue of a dull week. The Emperor of Germany has been pumping a tirc-ongino right royally. The Bendigo ghost has been well peppered, leaving be hind it, in tho hurty to get its impalpable "body out of the range.of solid shot, “ half a dozen yards of whito muslin," and tho Emperor of Russia proposes an “ inter national disarmament." This brings to mind the Banish fable of “ Tho Boys and. ‘the Cats." -After some, hard-fought skir mishes extending over a lifetime, the boys suggested to the- cats that it was about time for peace. The oats wore, glad to hear it, and gathered on the roof of a very high building to listen to tho peace pro posals, which wore stated by the chief boy, When be had done an ancient tom arose and suggo8 v cd, before they wont any further in the nmi tor, t hntjtho boys should empty their pockets of tho stones. Accounts of the disinterment of those poor bones at the Kcd Bluff (St. Kilda) re minds me (bat I once saw it small rush started in much tho same way, says “ Allicus ”in the Leader. It happened in a Gippsland reefing district, where much excitement was occasioned ono afternoon by tho appearance of a small band of Chinamen in the vicinity of tho township, and when it was seen that they were trenching tho side of the hill half a mile off excitement ran high, and rumors of a golden lode raced through tho district. Within two or three hours there were half a dozen parties cutting trendies in the same locality, and pegs were being ham mered in all over the place. Nothing was struck but an assortment of human hones, and these wore turned up by a couple of Europeans, much ..to the delight of the Chinese, who afoiico laid claim to the re mains, and explained, with many bland Oriental smiles: “We come along hcio findum Cow Lin, Tom Lin Foo, all a samce my cousin ; bully him hero long lime sin T , Want urn take hone louga China.'' Natur ally the minors used picturesque language; hut the pagans carefully . collected ' (he bones, and departed babbling rapturously. A little timo ago tho furniture manu ficturors reported that they could nob pay the minimum wage and compete with tho Cainoso at the same time. Tho Chief ’ln spector of Factories had inquiries made amongst the Chinese, and, although he could get no direct evidence of evasions of the act, he heard enough to convince the department that the legal wages wore not paid. Tho inquiries aroused tho suspicions of the Chinese, and they arranged a depu tation to tlio Minister to put their side ol the case. They had a lawyer to introduce thorn—no member of Parliament would take tho risks—and an interpreter to make their meaning plain. Some dozen or so workmen lined up in the Ministers room, and when he questioned thorn direct they only smiled and said,. “No saveo." After much talk with the lawyer and tho inter preter, all of which the workmen Look not die least notice of, the Minister said, “ Ask them if they all receive the legal wage." Tho interpreter chattered; the almond eyed chattered back. “They all say ‘Yos, : ” answered the interpreter. “Then tell (hem they are a lot of liars,” snapped the Minister. Tho no savee listeners looked surprised; then a broad grin, broke over their faces, and tho rearguard made for the door, hastily followed by the rest. They clattered down tho stairs,- laughing loudly and excitedly, while tho lawyer and the interpreter tried in vain to explain tt tho Minister that the men really had s very limited knowledge of English ! “ Attious.” As a characteristic bit of peculiar coi rcspondcnce, it may be worth while print ng just ono more letter as illustrating the Ryle of the uneducated bush lawyer. XL ts, says Woomora, to ho found in nearh avery community, and is a thorn in tin side of the local shire council. This letter received by a metropolitan firm of solici tors, exactly indie nes his methods “OivNTUtMEN, —By request ami on bolmlf ol Richard Roo. I bog to draw your atcnlion toyom I'auglis in Lease to Richard, demanding half early rents in advance, namlyo, one-bnlf to bc« aid April tho 1 first, and tlio other half Octo ber tho 1 first, botli to bee paid bofor tho mann, -•an lake a Ruling out of lliss invested mono\ and twolv months Swotty Labor, and had I ex pected that Mrs, Manners was a Lcsor of tbai hard andonreosonnablo 6 tamp I would have never invited Koo to tako lho Lam), and would havt raps llted Mrs. Manners better to como and voigt the Farm herself, besides you must nol •omnavc a Farmer and particular a now begin ner that bad to buy everything to work a Farm •o a auum timi rents a House or Ollico in Towi nat gets Hiss inoom evorry week in bard cash. Wiorancw beginner on a Farm Imvo got t< my C Horses, a plough and Harrows and i Vnggon nnd Seed oiid-Work and Live tweli uoiitbs out of Hiss pocket hefur lice can rcckot •n a return if ther is anye. I therefore heg U <lale that Mr. Roe is willing and able to pay tin ir»t half-yearly rent on October 1 first, nnd lie 2nd half- yearly rent on March the 1 first, nd I also beg to state that in ease Mrs. Man ner being suspishitis in her getting of Her last Rent at the expiration of Hies tennur Mr. Roc vtll hue willing to give her a pro. note or a Lean vor Hiss crop to setyfyo any suspect, Mr. Ro< .Iso desks mi to state that lice will requir 2 .wo coils of Barb Wire to sicucr his Stoke oul, >f Hiss Crop, as tho Grass Pad-oek is only ecuerdo by 2 piano Wires wich Will nol iccucrc Catlo out of Crop, and wishes to know whether hco can obtain same out of first half uarly Rent, and also beg to state that Lease, vill ho foi war Jed after an anscr to lhis*of My vquest yours, ■ “most “ rcfpcctrullv. “JOHN DOE. O The sorrows of a young Scotchman who •truck this country many years hack in a -loptful frame of mind and a giddy kilt iave jusfc been communicated tome(Paddy nclon), and I am requested to pub icily to the same as a solemn warning to he sons of Scotia who aro about to don kilties ” and take np arms in defence of tho Empire. Angus Macdougal was the name of the youthful Caledonian, but he was not stern and wild; fro was a simple young man with profuse yellow hair and speckled with freckles. Ho wont into tho heart of this strange 'land in. tho middle, of [summer, and. in tho Scotish garment aforesaid, and . presently, being weary, ho sat down upon the face of nature to ruminate and to inspect the scenery. Hedid not ruminate long; sudr denly something of a ; powerful nature-in terrupted the even .flow of his’ideas, and he leaped into (ho atmosphere with a weird, Hiolnn’ war-whoop, and when he came down again he grabbed wildly at those portions of his anatomy, that wore exposed to the atmospheric influence, and protested vehemently in braw Scotch, and with tho use of rugged expletives, brought expressly from the hills and the Hi elands A nest of bull-ante were ravaging hip, bonnio legs' and!when they had dona with- . him his copious calves were dotted with horrid spots that bulged out to the extent of half an.inch jquito.v ‘'After'tlie ants came a drove of famished mosquitoes up from - a ■ lagoon hard’by.,. They had been summoned to the bamiuefcjhy a mosquito scout, and. oh ! how tiioymi tidied... on . that woeful stranger. They pumped him so dry (hat ho. <sould hear, his; political and'‘ religious convictions rattle as, be ran—and how he did run ! It is said he ded wildly to the nearest homestead, and plunged into a vine- covered . verandah whore sat. Mrs.’ Squatter and her, two daughter?? R Dinna.'; bo a-feared, ladies,” cried Angus ; “dinna-' ye mind, I will W hurt ye, but aiblins ; ye line a pair o’ trdosers, Hi I gi’ ye- fcwitj poound' for .poound for a pair :aroi^rB %%■ ■ The country clergyman was nailing ia re-; fractory creeper .to~ a .piece of trollisrworl: 'near his - front Vgote when ho noticed that a; small boy, stopped and watched him' with: greafc attenfcion. ' “Well; my young friend, ho said, . pleased.''to-see the interest lie .ex cited, “ore you looking out for a hint dr two' on garddningl’'' "No,” said the youths "!, be waiting' to bee .wliot a pareoiT'dP ';iay» when ho hammers his thoomb.” ; 