LITERATEEE. REVIEWS OF BOOKS. " Af.sTRAT.TAN Fairy Talks," by Atha Westbury, illustrated by A, .T, Johnson; Ward, Lock, & Co., London and Melbourne. Mr. Westbury,-who did a pood deal of literary work while a resident of Adelaide years ago, has been somewhat over-ambitious in attempting an enterprise which naturally causes him to be judged by the standard of old- world writers enjoying universal repute. A man of common-sense may write for man and women, but a genius must write for chil dren—-at any rate, in the department of literature to which Vfr. Westbury now directs his attention. There is very little which is distinctly Australian in these little fairy tales,-and the-writer has an unfortuna te bairif of making his geeso talk like swans and of himself indulging in a strain somewhat too stilted for children. Fancy, for instance, the effocfc of reading to a juvenile circle a para graph which begins by saying that— "The inhabitants of Twilight have mora facile- means of -transition than the sons of men. " Facile means -of transition" is distinctly entertaining, but even Dr. Johnson was pon derous, though certainly he did" not try to write fairy tales for children. In spite, how ever, of its apparent demerits judged on .critics*I literary lines,' "this""book' "of' afcdriei"" should be interesting enough to the little folk, frw fr*r*m r»r/r»fa.wp t.<\ finm A. Lralmrlncn.-\r\\-io nm for from preface to finis a kaleidoscopic pro cession of ghosts and goblins and -other tilings that1 are attractive and "s'huddsry" passes bofove the mental vision of the reader. ' '-Miss -Bcyp.Bvf1-by Fjthel-Si-T-ur-ner^ II. R. Curlewisl; Ward, Lock, & Co., London and Melbourne, from fir if. Wig# and fion, ~-Tbis attractive volume is -dedicated to - Mr. William Steele, of the publishers firm, -aa-'-'a tokon of-i n d c btedn'esm:or.kindly adyics. and practical assis¥a»c'o."'ft isTTn ck'dlbraf.ibn of a story which was published in serial form in a Sydney newspaper five or six years ago, but it is hot one by which a great literary mspufation could be established or-maintaincd. There is, however, a lot of creditable pen work in the book, and the illustrations by Harold Copping enhance its general vainer,— Ethel Turner, though not at her best, still appears here as the faithful pen-paintor of the nursery. Her representations of the moods and tricks of the young folk are not the episodes recorded are, indeed, "pretty," as dear old Popys would say.. Take, for -instance, lan-adventure of - " Bpbby"—the pet name of the little heroine—when she runs off from her home under the impression that she | is ybCain," because of her "play matsT having swooned after asllght faJLTollbwinr^5"pu»ii Mromher. Look again at-the fanciful picture conjured up by her mortifying introspection in her room- -as she smarts under the impression-that she has behaved in an unseemly manner. Bv-and-by tears come,. and Bhe solaces herself with the thought that she must be penitent because she had never cried before. except when she had been hurt. This is a -very effective sly dig at the disguised exaltation of people who are in the -h.abit of- wearing, moral iiairshirts, and plum- _ ing themselves on the consequent inconve nience which, they—endure. Later Miss " Bobby,-" after din explosion of temper. seizes a pair of scissors and puts off herrft. by r on . account of theTtfe*th*t~l»ii«ate inlurn tneBtnaf yrsad y haa cori tainod tfc<r^ife-~ tnenta ofillmatrira,iand ^tratuo-rocKlrtared jrai ouu 77<)onId- be amiable tmieasJie orslie indulged constftntly in a convict -6rop. A 1'uA • • •« . « «• . . • « -• F. -^qpioting= brotberAwheri OTBjottierjliai& brother fsllt into * faint. m tbe absence of any-xriatare pgrson cufflcieotly experienced to reviwrdbft tiny snffarer.^ l'ne quartBt, weireJaurmT»g with his head had been wourided by the fall/one rqni&utio; brother clapped a-THgstffid.plaster on -it, because when the tigerAanloT-bc hntLrestl - ~ -of -in a 'penny shocker1'—fell- -down a -preeipice^tbey put.amustsrdqolastoronbtm. This novel treatment certainly-had th-e effect of. arousing the patient, especially when mustard ■ was likewise applied to his lacerated hand. Most of the pictures of school-dilo arein'Ethel [ Turner's bast-style." Gire "wea Tschplar in his .Wrath.puts out his tongue, at his ieacher-snd - before darting from thosohool calls-the master —'_a beast'-'bocausehebad beatenTiim. When his temper calms," however, ho -suffers agonies of remorse and Aerrible forebodings regarding what the morrow may bring ioi th in the shape of strap ^.nd cane, and lecture;—Consequently; - acting oft thesage adviceofMiss " Bobby," he ^decides tcrsend -»n apology. He paraphrases an advertisement of the apologetic-type wliioh "appeafedln a newspaper close at handpand this is what he turns out :-r- " _ i ' I,T"federi efcJJfc. Jobri "Wallace, pupil of the Modern Grammar -School, "do hereby Modern Grammar School, for the libellous statement I made about -hintiimSay, there"^ being^aofoundation for the same. Signed F. St. J. Wallacer P.S.—Em sorry I said ' beast.' Don't go and caae hie," will yon?" How'd you like Kobe hit if "you was as litel as_me? I'm onlynino, "and I won't say it ever again. "Yoti don't know frowTt baits-yoti?J' dSpecimens ~Gi -this eminently—school boyish opmposition alsocome to the world through the i same-school when at Au exTiraiiuttion this little essay -on natural-history^-was put. m:— i-ATF 1 ying^sh-aro as^good afe-.oabpfo, .yonma — ! only catch them with ceiling-wax bate and the led envelopes arc under their wings. Jolly fish are not jelites. You dry them in the sun _ and cut thein jnto peaees called jelly teen, arid make "proper, jollies-of tlioni with I'gilgar; and- ■ things. Sea-sirpinta are the.cause of storms by fighting whales with their.taiesr' ; Bladys ok the Stewpoxey," byS.-Baring Mr. Baring Gould dives into the. romance of history in search of a subject he invariably emerges with both hands fuil- of treasure trove, alrieit he yaralyjtlunges to a great, -depth. He has found, excellent-material for -a semi-historical —story—through invost-igating ; the subterranean-vaults of a place in Shrop I shire, ca lied -i n pi e t o re-sq ti e - ftpan i s h Lata- • "pona,-" but^dane-into likiglish, with-nbarae ; teristic "insular con tempt for forefgn terms, a? j-'-Skewpouey."iie_h;v3 worked u pinto a romance j certaininsidents of the eighteenth^century, in j which Bladys—a fajr and much- persecuted I maid highwavmen.-rovstering blades, an - ! anchorite known as " Holy Austin," and other [ equally interesting individuals figure-freely ia ; starring events typical of the-times when ; the laws were oruelly conceived and carelessly ■ executed and lightly regarded. One of the : most dramatic episodes in "tlio book is the ! burning to death of a wretched -young woman 1 of high position for poisoning her husband. -It^eemsincredible to-usih tiii~i nlfteicoriibcen-" i tury that even so lato as 17"women were publicly committed alive to the flames for i what was calied " petty treason," but there : are numerous authentic instances of such holo-. 1 causls in Ciiristian England in the latter part of the last century. Beyond this, of which the" author has made a strong point, there is : nothing gruesomo in "Bladys of the Sf.cw i paney.'' The character of the girl herself— ; the-daughter-ol-aa-HHtkeepcr-f- -who,- according j to a brutal-ouRtorn.Aias offered tier as a prize to the winner, in a champion match at bowls, j the money contributed by tho competitors to j form her dovVVv— is admirably drawn. So, j ilidco?!, are the other prmripnts in tiiis drama" ! of real life, which is presented witff'Ynsrked" I a,bilftry-by a man wpo has evidently thoroughly j studied the times pf which ha writes,—-The | fellow who wins Bladys and marries her | turns out to be the public ha-ngfhaft, and the ! girl has from the ouisot refused to regard | .herself as his wife. \Ths contest lwtweon i the two and Blaqtys's triumph form j an extremely interesting narrative. One j of the strongest chapters in the book" is that which describes the \oxccution of the murderess. Bladys attends her to the stake, and, moved by a womanly pity, kisses the unhappy victim oft the check, thus rousing the previously callous mob to a feeling of tho ; awful horror of the whole thing. That pitiful ' kiss given on trio pyre—given in overwhelming : human love to the poor broken victim—■ jdet loose the Christian compassion which had j been in a death-trapcoffor mor-'thaTi seventeen 1 years. There was a riot.. The people felt that this execution, with its publicity and its : barbarity, was a worso crime than that corn | mittad by the woman under sentence. In the 1 very next session of Parliament this method i of execution was abolished," and the crime of | petty treason ~ was struck--ou-t--of--fcheBtatutei_ 1 book. —" 5vA-Krrr,jri.\n-F:, "'-h-y-J,. B. "Walfc-d ;_Long mans. Green. & Co., j.ondon, through G. Robertson & Co. -The name of this book is redolent of Ireland, and. as two of the principal characters bail from that country there is justification for its title. Lady Tilbury was a sprightly Irish girl when she married Jack Kiidare, who did not live very long, and the issue of the marriage was one child, Iva. An old 3oinr;r*ot,-hiro baronet, ft: r Thomas Tilbury, ha opened-to- pay a visit to Ireland, and became so enamoured of the j young widow that lie olid . not return to England until sba_a£SQOTl&ffliecLiiim..asJus..; ' wife. Nature had been kind to Lady I Tilbury, and when she marie her appearance ' p.Tnorig tlve^people of-"""Somerset her . pleafianll. ! and lively ways gained for her hosts of friends. | Her second experience of married bliss did ! not, however, last much longer than the first; i but. when Lady Tilbury found herself free j again she was in a position of affluence of" : which in her younger days she had never 1 dreamt. She had had a ef-ese- aef|ua,intance | with poverty, and now as a wealthy laciy she knew how to manage her affairs with prudenoe. The further developments of an -interesting plot it would not bo fair to trace. story represents those changes and vicissitudes which now and again: happen" to old families in England it is jfistrftesiye reading. "Peace with Hoatoue," by Sydney C. Grier ; P>1 aok wood'3 -Colonial: T.I'iraryr^Mr." Grier 'fnTttrs"teilrngOi a love ■ wiory has broken unfamiliar ground. The English characters-! in the plot belong to » mission sent by the British Government to conclude a treaty with an Ethiopian King, and the narrative of their adventures, some of them" of a thrilling character, makes interesting, and at time3. exciting, reading. As a matter of fact the presentation of the courting of the lady doctor who objects to Be styled" a "new woman" by the blunt English soldier is quite .subsidiary to the adventures, which neverthe less nlay-no unimportant part jn^"brtngiifSfr to the inevitable happy issue the little domestio matter with which the novel deals. 