[?] . -npiemipinftl RaugpQub j'GSterday, kt/iwIlitiMcd: v .Cbalrni n it . mus : Miller <bad-uu ;4jnoourffsi ug vncnUto mako'tq lUGbcfSnaad Do'iO&o; atteinptcu to una ,tiuiii-wiut ;uk .rery. Baiista'ctoiT ba!Ulcei,le?t-, . Mr; MolestvortU iJUtvinNU 'pl'ipfVtEsue; i ofturfiemcut ,'of ; Ml'.; Geoi;ge„ Wtsopi; th'e;«tartcr;"pwhb, iu v 3895-9J5, Lyras -Ygg trenched' by. seventy, otcighfcy iper.oent;; A ehort'dlscussiou setved 3o:6howSriiat the -feelinjg ;.of ' the meetingvwhs de cidedly :witli Mr.' Moles wortl6 jequeirt; .and the' cbairmiaiL promised' tliaf the committee would ' give the matter consideration. . Three 'amendments of the rules were carried, no. ob jection bpiug offered to- them, and after the chairman had stated that-the committee had: resolved to1 supjiort the 'lugallsatlon of the totallsator, the meetiug closed. A" report will be- found elsewhere. At the VR.C. .annual .meeting yes terday the-trprise of: the afternoon was the quiet- inomier in> which- Mr. George 'Rufeell, MiL.AV.got through his ainendmrnit of Rule 47, fo that in future all" hurdle races -shall be over distances; ndf lessthfifi' tivd miles ritr length. Mr. B. M. Turner seconded the proposal, Messrs. Donald Wallace and Frank Madden supported it, and in 'a huge meeting - but one band was held up against its passage. The amend ed rule Jias to be published twice in the Racing Calendar, and will, there fore, not come into operation for at least a couple of months, nor does it interfere with any .advertised meet- After tbe first forfeits were made yesterday for the Melbourne aud Caul field Cups, there remained 123 in the big two miler, and 119 in (he mile aud .a half event. There were, no with drawals of any great importance. . A complete Rat is given in another column. Tbe Deniliquin Steeplechase, of £100, only attracted five starters, but. writes a correspondent, it was worth going a long way to see. At a mile from home Nipper aud Flambeau jumped the fence together, but Flambeau struck aud threw his rider. J. A. F. Evaus. off. hut he iu a most plucky uinuner held ou to the horse's neck and got back into the. saddle again, aud followed Nipper, who had by that time got a good lead, with Euchre and Wnterbury iu the rear, but all still jumping iu splendid style. NippeP led by some ten lengths over tiie last ob stacle from Flambeau, aud ihe race looked to he over, Frank Glnnou. however, turned very wide into' the straight, and Flambeau was brought up uuder tbe whip to Nipper. A neck and neck race then ensued to the finish, and amidst the greatest excite ment Flambeau jut mauaged to beat Nipper by a bead, while about ten lengths behind Wnterbury heat Euchre by about The same distance for third place. Messrs. Cohen and Westbrook. mem bers of Vicmriau Club, report having laid tho following wagers Caulfield Grand National Hurdle and Sieeple— £301) to £20 Hi? Grace and Floater. £300 to £10 His Grace and Songster. £50fi to £10 His Grace and Hayseed. £500 to £10 So and So .aud Pirate. £500 to £10 So and So and Floater. £5iKl to £15 Manazoun and Floater. £500 to £10 Fat and Floater. £50u tn £10 Rein deer and Euro. £500 to £10 Reindeer ami Floater. Two Cups— £5000 to £10 Wayfarer and Cordite. £5000 to £12 10s Wayfarer and Bundook. £5000 io £30 'Thunder Queen and Cardnmon, £5000 to £10Thuudor Queen and Spen cer. £5000 to £10 Malto and Wayfarer. £5000 to £10 Alalia aud Cordite, £5000 uj £10 Margsa aud Merloolas. Of tbe two suburban meeting? held last week, tlie first was nt Sandown on Wednesday, when, though the weather was nouo too pleasant. 1 here was a satisfactory attendance. Port land beat an average zieM in 7 he Trial Handicap, aud Bell Metal, who is I'nm-fcd for the Caulfield National, won the Hurdle Uacc after a battle with Hue, In litis race both Miss Glad stone and Cyprus met with similar ac cident. In blundering ut ill" same hurdle, iwih their bridle? became dls- mrenged. Cyprus did not go any further: Mies Gladstone finished the course under tlifllcnltics. Hailstorm, very nicely handled by Tom Sanders, cleverly pulled his hackers Through in tho Suburban Handicap, and tin San down Handicap wcui to His Grace. wIh.i shouldered his !)st 51b without trouble, and beat the opposition poiut- less. There was a fair field for the Steeplechase, which fell to Euro after a very pretty race. Deposed made.' ! his first, appearance, and though he j go: foul -with :t couple of fences, and ; « hereby destroyed his chance, lie did sctfH-ientJy well to suggest Hint, w/lii inure ex'pe-ricuee. he will prove useful I over fences. Donald M'Kinnon was the main fancy, but lie. t<»o. got mixed tip with tlie limber, and. as a result, the best he could do vr.s o creditable fourth. The Don. whose turn it surely was to win a race, Hoted ihe proceeding by securing the Welter Handicap. iJopriMKi has been withdrawn from both the Adelaide Grand National' events. Pal aud Maniizoun have been scratched for the A.G.N. Hurdle Race. i I Tbe Warwick Farm Handicap, rnn | yesterday at the Warwick Farm i iX.S.W.t August meeting. Went tn Mr. l\ l'o.v's bay liore April Fool, by I Crowberry— Airopus timp.i. April I Fool is engaged in the Melbourne Gup at <»st I2iii. and In tiie Caulfield, Cup at 21b more. His weight yesterday I was 7st Tib. , Although Ihe weather was bleak and threatening, there was n really gocftl attendance at Moorcticld on Saturday (writes our correspondent). Hector, at 5 . to 1, was tho pick in speculation for the Flying Handicap, while Ryde and Capador were each strongly supported nt 4'. This event turned out an easy thing for llyde, who shot lo the ironi entering ihe home run, and won very comfortably by , a couple of lengths from Gape.dor. The Kogavah Stakes was voted a good thing for Lady Trident, and so it piotcd. as Mick if'Auliffe'a mare simply walked over her field from the turn, and landed n fair stake of <' to 4 money by two lengths. Malakhma was second, and Schemer third.- Greenwe1! was ihe prime fancy for the Welter ifandicap at 3 to 3. with Blair next in imparlance at 7 to 2. Another two lengths victory was recorded, as -Blair, after wailing for tlie straight run. rushed over his field and won naeily by tbe distance named. Grecmvell just beat Bridegroom by a neck for second place. 7 to 4 against Aladdin nuned tie- favorite and his price for the Two-year-old Han- dicap, while 4 to 3 was offered and taken about Uooramin. Once more im easy win was recorded, and again a ' second favorite triumphed, ss> Coora- min won easily' by three lengths from Lady Carmine and YermiUion. Glrudemion, at 5 to'2, and Gozoetiu, at 3 to 1, were first and second fancies for the Moorefield Handicap. At tlie distance tlie .favorite challenged the daughter of Niagara — Ruby, but. after .i solid tussle. Rubina got the verdict by a length. Coal Queen topped the market for the Stewards' Mile at 7 to 4. and Atmadour ruled next at 3 to 1. About a hundred yards from home the favorite crept up on the outside, and eventually scored by a head from Marvellieux, who beat Anna- dour by a neck. At a meeting of the Y.R.C. committee on Friday, the appeal t>f C. Gillies, owner of Donovan, against tbe derision of the Smvthesdalc mid Sc&rsdale; Turf Club stewards in declaring M. Reidv's mare, Ladv Grange, tho winner of the Trial Slakes, run on 25lh June last, was dis missed. nod the £'10 lodged witli the appeal forfeited. Mr. Gillie1 ground of appeal was that Ladv- Orange was ineligible to start in tho race, fche having, he :4alc<l, wuii over the- stipulated- amount. Al! liore« racing iiorlrr Y.R.C. rules becoiiie a year older dating from yes- leiday, 1m August. rieasant weather was esporieneoil for Hie Kallartii Miners" Turf Club moutblraees on Friday. was.' a good ultendaucc of the racing pub lie, ami u wry enjoyable afternoon ; was wliiled a way. During ihe after- noon tlie stewards entertained (he bookmakers over a glass ol" wine. Bir. R. Hnger. Hie president ofjlie dull, " proposed tlie health of tiie/Mtookies." and Mr. Fred KeuyOu. the leader of tlie ring present, made a happy, response, Mr. M. Healy. another Melbourne pen'7 ioliler. - proposed Prosperity to the Club,'1 to which Mr. Hager responded. Always popular with rflce-goers-K>u aeeouut of its couvenieace,. for one thing— Moonee Valley ntlracted a big orowrifrra Saturday. FoV the Hurdle ltare Glivo was in everybody's mouth, but. though ho ran \v»Jl. be had little chnnee in tin? niu liuuie with Horne- spnu. who won handily. Carbonate was in lite. field, ami was entrusted to J. 3L Brewer : hut even that horaeiintn failed io get tiie Coronet' "geldiug to jump well, and he was nearly down iwo hurdles from home. Texas also clouted vry-heiivily. but his rider. C. Dickenson, like Brewer, made a. clever recovery? Mi«s Gladstone did worse, falling risrlit down. She injured her self. but ln»r rider. V. Fallon,- had a lucky es- njie. . Lew Me.- backed like a guial thing dldihe I'alMrat division a gnetl turn by lautiinv ihe ,v)riul from n smartish field. Riding his tisuai tear-away style. Mr. Dolan. on Sun light. m-ver gave anything else .the ghost of a chance iu the Hunters' Stejdet j.ax'. There were ft couple of la'.ls. lost no great danmge was done, Sir Jfliues up in time to wiu the Welter linurireap, and r.u outsider in The Vicar accounted iY.r the Steeple chase. Wlnui running Vide' .by side wiih the \y3iin't;r near linmc; "the two lii.tin /'afe-ii-s\ Deo'ndiah anil Ferflbauk, fell "together, but neither burst? nor tidprs were hurt. By the way, it was the juvMtitiniMo fence, not the -last, as ha b»eii stflt<>d. that brought Fern- bank aud DoonOiab down. -A'- favorite iu Hnneydew B.. fiuisbptl up'-by c?oiu- forthbly landiug ibc JumpOrs Flat Race. - . ... Copperas was-, the only t Victorian nomination ri-ecived at the -Wfi.C. office fur the West Australian Derby, to Ik» rnn next January. _Tbe (oeal noiuiuatiuus nucibor lTj James Barbour has now thoroughly recovered limn .hi HiamUt? fall, and he has been engaged fop Klngs A'Jsion in tire Caulfield .VnLjpinti., /Frank Gleuuon. who got a nasit\tuibb'le while schooling Seasong lac week7 wlM be well eimiigi) fo ride day. aud II. Howard, who.bauu oduple of ribs broken when N\Z." cgm'if'down witli Jthb at INetningtou. ready for fluty at the satue time. A-dptal of 7 I'liirics was yesterday received for tiie Meufone races, to be hold ou-Tiusdav ne\t. . . K» OcplptinV mare. Alemeue. who !.<f vugd'gei) in - he .Melbobnte Cup at fist 71b. atin Canltiehl Cup at tfct 401b, was made favorite for tito - Farm Stakes nr Warwick Farm races yes terday, but was not placed, tho winner turiUiig up4n Idle Roy: . > City. Rami Iimr returned in Tasmania. \- Piam JliiL a well -known vteepleciiaser in New -Zealand, has been fgUI to. Mr. S. H. Golls)) a reprcseniaiit e( Jaraea Hickev- ior senice iA Ijiglaud. I'lain Bill was awarded top ; weigiit ..ffwy- tbe' rgeent llawkeV Bay : Steeplechase, but . did uot stait. , . 