CHAPTER XXXI.—THE WARNING. HEEDED. • ColonelFerris sat in his warm quarters with his adjutant,. Captain Guy Noland, and his niece, Ethel Willis, watching the terrific storm that was raging with out. "X was wrong to let them venture, but who would have thought such a blizzard would have., kept up so long this early in the winter?’' said the colo nel, anxiously. j. - “I have such faith in Cody, sir, that I feel they will come through all right,” I Captain Nolan remarked. - dhen he has with him Surgeon Powell, uncle, and he. is a host in him self: while both Seaford and Ernttry are good officers, and the whole com mand are picked men,” remarked Ethel Willis, a beautiful girl of eighteen, the belle of the post, who had won the heart of every man, woman, and child in the garrison. “I admit all that you say, Ethel, as to the scout, officers, and men!; but they have Nature to subdue in fighting this storm, and the contest is too unequal, for wo have had three days of It now.” . “See, uncle, the snow lias ceased, the wind is losing its strength, and there Is a break of sunshine in the clouds,” cried j Ethel. | The colonel and Captain Nolan sprang | to the window where she stood, and saw that it was as the young lady had said. “The storm is certainly over, and it lias doubtless ended with them in the I mountains sooner than here. Yes, and we..shall have a clear sunset,” the colo I nel said. • The sun did set in a clear sky',r«rid the next day it was a beautiful one, and the snow began to melt. The'colonel thiid Iwd just dinner Viss. sliV-. was hiu-iioueeKeeper,—navmg" been left:.to his care when she: was an orphan child, and had been the joy of his' bache lor life ever since—when Captain Noland came in hastily, and said : “Pardon me, colonel, but Scout Brad ford has just come on from the command which he left twenty miles from here at noon, and has this note from Seaford for you.” The colonel eagerly took the letter and read aloud: “We pushed on to Cody’s Camp and found there a band of about two hundred Indians, and gave them battle—will re port fully upon return—and next night were guided to outlaw camp in storm by Cody’s Ghost Guide, who left us a warning that the Indians would attack the fort and settlement^- as soon as the thaw. came. . We have reason to feel that the information is, correct, and in sending tills information to you I also despatch scouts along the stage-line to the settlements and mining-camps to give warning, as from here they can get the news far quicker than from | the post. ' ■ " ! "We expect to he in about nightfall, j and I would urge, sir, that the Ghost Guide’s warning be regarded with full ! confidence. Cody just reports that our I bands of Indians sheltering in the moun j tains from the storm.” “Good for Seaford!” exclaimed the c.o j lonel, when lie had finished reading the, j lieutenant’s letter. “It is now three J o'clock, and they will be here by six doubtless. They went to the outlaws’ retreat, then, and had a brush with the red-skins. It is hard to believe that this Ghost Guide can be right about the In dians; but I will heed the warning, an(J> all must be prepared at once to resist at tack, Noland, while couriers must be sent to the camps, settlements, and along the stage-line3 in case Seaford’s men fail to get through. Send Scout Brad ford here, and I wall talk with him, for we must learn more of the expedition.” The scout came :in, looking haggard and hard worked. He was a fine-look ing fellow, and in a few words told his story of the expedition, and added, in his frank way : “Them red-skins is going to hit us, co lonel, and hit us hard; and without .the warning we got of their coming, they would have swept us clean off the The colonel and his adjutant waited to hear no more, but visited every part of the post, put the officers and men on their mettle, strengthened weak places, and left noth ing undone to gi%re the red-skins a sur prise, where they expected to have all their own way by striking a blow wit Ira large force when they were supposed to be harmless and gone into winter qijaiv ters. It was just nightfall when the com mand marched in, and they were looked upon as heroes every one of them, if only for facing the fury of such a storm. Without delay the two officers, Sur geon Powell and Cody, went to head quarters and had a long talk with Colonel Perris, the chief of scouts re marking: "I am glad, colonel, that the warning was heeded so promptly, for from what I saw I am sure that the foot-hills are sheltering large bands of Indians waiting for a swoop upon the post, camps, and settlements, sir.” (To be continued.) The slot machine in Faris is made to foretell your fate in the next world. On the coin being put in the slot, a figure moves either up or down, indicating the ultimate destiny of the enquirer in either case. If yoife do not relish the prediction, you can put iu more coins until the movement coincides with your own ideas. 