n J PEARL'S CHRISTMAS REDE. f By "QUEEN'IE." p Mr- 'Tfton Talbot was giving a little ; dinmr i:' b'Jiior f ljGl' daughter's blrtli- : duv. A dozen guests sat around Iter well- flT)i)o:ui('(i table, with -its charming deco- rations ul' white chrysanthemums and feathery maiden-hair, and a good deal of lively ('hatter was going on, mingled with soft ripples of laughter, so that the I. iioste.-s was able to assure herself com- :< placeutlv that she had paired the right people meet her, and that her party was going to he a .success. Mi-s Buhl Gliitoa-Tulbot, although the quuea of tiie day, was certain..-. not the centre of attraction at her mu.u.r's table. As that lady had not expected that she would he, she was not disappointed. Enid was pretty and winning, of course, but how could she shine in the presence of Pearl Sumner, her cousin, the brilliant young beauty who hau turned the heads of a score or two of uieu during the pre vious l/jmhm season? Miss Miuuicr had been taken down to diuuer by .Sir Hugh Boyd, a jovial young sporting baronet, who owued an estate not many miles away from Clifton Court. On her other side she had the rising artist, Mr Maurice Holland, whose clever hlaek-aud-whito work had hrougi.t him into prominence during the past two years. Mrs Cliftou- Talbot's only son, Eustace, was wont to sneer at young Holland, and to declare that lie. wns of lowly origin; but, when Pearl had challenged him to verify Ills statement upon one occasion, he had been com pelled 10 admit his inability to do so. All he could say was that Mr Holland was never known to talk about his people, and that certain "fellows" said he had been educated by charity. "Oh, if you go by club-room scandal," declared Miss Pearl, with a scornful tilt of her deliriously -dimpled chin. "But 1 do not, remember. Therefore, it is of no use to repeat such things to me, un- yen have more definite grounds to eo lipotl." And she had been cool to him for a week afterwards. This bad happened in the summer, and Eustace bad left the Court in September, in order to pay a round of visits. It now wanted but a few days to Christmas, and he had just returned, having seen no one half so pretty as his cousin Pearl during his ab sence, and having decided in Ills own mind t hut she and no other should be the mi-tress of Clifton Court in the future. Miss Sumner was as yet quite uncon scious of her cousin's intentions. Now imd then she gave him a friendly smile across the tabic that sent the blood rush ing through his veins. He felt that he loved her far more passionately than he had done three months before. And surely she had grown lovelier during his absence. To-night- she wore a. simple white gown, with short, pulled sleeves, and folds of while .silk about her slim waist, in which she looked almost a child In spite of her nineteen years. Iler milk- white neck and arms were bare, nnd the unrelieved white of her gown seemed to niTentiuiio the vivid rose-red lints of her Hps and cheeks, the deep blue of her eyes, the bronze hue Of Iter rippling hair, louitg Holland seemed greatly to admire her. too, .and he certainly paid more at- trntnui to her than to the lady who had fallen to his lot; but then, Mrs Veroker wns not an exacting person, .and thought a ore of her dinner than of desultory con versation. | Pearl began to speak of Christinas when the dinner was drawing to a close. She atul her aunt and cousins were to spot: d it with her guardian, old General .Mimner, Iter father's elder brother, who hved in a rambling old bouse in Kent, 'hi . tit thirty miles from the Court. "I like going to Lyndhurst," she, said. "I lH-lc Dick is very iuduIgeDt. and has old-fashioned notions about Christmas. Be keeps up the custom of telling ghost stories on Christmas Eve. and he iusists ou having .snap-dragon and games, early dinner on Christmas Day, and a dance for the servants in the evening. I danced with the footman last year, and it. was such fun! I am glad that you are going ; this time, Air Holland. I know7 you will fijoy it all." | Eustace bit his lip angrilv beneath his j moustache. Hoxv harl "that fellow" j managed to secure an invitation to Lynd- j hurst? lie wondered. Tie liad expected , to have Pearl all to himself, and now i Rut he was not really afraid of Hol land; he had a spoke to put In the wheel of that presuming young artist. For a I few moments be sat regarding the great bow! of flowers In front of him, and hen ho roused himself, and, bending «p"riE addressed bis cousin: i "earl, how wonld you like to go down j Hfikcde - - - ,s - - ' t The soft pink flush deepeney on tlie girl's cheeks; her eyes beaufp "Eustacel It would b . eharmiim' Why 3id I not think of it/? And this frost has made the roag delightfully firm. Will you take Uif.y> "With great pleasuy?'., little cousin," he returned, smiling. J"1 1 will be a nice spin for us. Enid, I know, will prefer to go by rail with mother." "Then that is settled." said Pearl, gleefully. "Thank you so much, Eus tace." She gave him a soft, grateful glance ncross the table from her sweet blue eyes, and after that he could bear to see her turn again to Holland. Even when, later in the evening.the pair wandered off to the conservatory, Eustace merely shrugged his shoulders, and made no at tempt to follow them. Holland was not, he argued within himself, on such fami liar terms with Pearl that he would be at all likely to propose to her to-night. And when Pearl knew the truth concerning him. as she soon would know- Meanwhile, Maurice and Pearl walked between the rows of flowering plants, a soft, subdued light falling on their faces from a number .small lamps shaped like roses and half- opened lilies. Pearl's hand rested lightly on her companion's arm ; her large, soft eyes looked wistfully up into his face. All her pretty, coquettish aire were put aside in this man's presence; for Pearl had given her heart to the young artist months before, and, although she believed that she had se cured his In exchange, he had never told her so. That he loved her she felt con vinced. Why, then, did he withhold ihe words that had more than unce seemed to tremble on his lips, and that would have set her troubled doubts to rest? "Perhaps he is silent because of my horrible money," she thought, some times. "He is not rich yet, I know; but he is so clever that he is more than my equal. And yet 1 cannot tell him so." Young Holland's manner was rather more constrained than usual on this De cember evening, and Pearl's heart beat heavily beneath her pretty white bodice, "Shall you be at Lyndhurst, when we arrive there on the. 23rd?" she asked, presently, as they paused to admire a particularly fine chrysanthemum. "I shall not be there until after Christmas Day," he replied. General Sumner understands that. I thought you might be aware of it. I am due at Lyndhurst on the 2(ith. I — I always spend Christmas with my own people." Pearl looked up eagerly. i'iiis was the first time that she had heard him allude to his "people." "Do they— shall you be in town then?" she inquired. "No. They— my parents I mean— live in the country." He said nothing further, and Pearl felt that Ills tone did not invite ques tions. lie might have been a little more confidential, she thought, and not have treated her almost as a stranger. The tears rose to her eyes, and she heed lessly plucked the finest bloom from the plant, and scattered its feathery white petals over the floor, "Oh, you mischievous little lady!" ex claimed Maurice, iu a bantering tone; and then she noticed what she had done, and tried to laugh. "We had better go back to the draw- iugroom," she said. "I am always get ting into disgrace with Tomklns for de stroying his plants. He comes grumb ling to auntie, with such a long face." And so the little Interview from which Pearl had hoped so much was over, and it had brought only disappointment. She wished that she had not suggested that ihe should be invited to Enid's birth day dinner. She no longer looked for ward lo Christmas with joyous antici pation. The fun would take place be fore Maurice's arrival, and she would be obliged to take part in It and to pre tend to be happy, whilst till the time her heart would ache with that strauge dull pain that had of late marred all her brightest moments. Maurice left the Court shortly after eleven, in order to catch the midnight train to town. He. did not say good bye to Pearl, who, at the moment of his departure, was seated at the piano, with half-a-dozen men clustered around her, to whom she was giving a spirited imitation of a popular music-hall ar tiste in one of her latest songs. The lamplight fell upon her waving bronze hair, her saucy upturned face and sparkling eyes, as Maurice turned in the doorway for one last glimpse of her. Was she a thorough coquette? lie wondered, and could she have been playing a part an hour ago, when her wistful, clouded eyes had sought his, her little haml trembled on his arm? "I will put my fate to the touch— after Christmas," he thought, as he ran down stairs. Pearl seemed in very good spirits dur ing the next two days. She was gra cious to her cousin Eustace, and raised his hopes considerably by her pretty affectionate manner. The pair went out skating and cycling together during the daytime, and sang duets in too draw- in too m after dinner. Mis Cllfton-d al- 110 was delighted with the aspect of af fair® She had long coveted the young heiress for her daughter-in-law, and she reallv wished to see Pearl married, so tint Enid might have her chance. For ouiet little Enid was always overlooked in Cue presence of her brllliaut cousin. Ou the morning of the 23rd the frost still continued. There wns a good deal to be done before luueli in the way of nicking, but tlie fauli,y aseniblpd1 the dining-room at one o'clock, winch was an hour before the usual time. Pearl was arrayed in her neat fawn doth , ' and pat. with smart little gaiters' to match, in readiness for her Journey. M e must start in an hour's time, i earl, observed her cousin, as he carv ed some delicate slices of turkev for her. ".Make a good lunch. We shall be there as soon as mother and "Enid, I daresay. If we only do ten miles an hour, wc can reach there at 5 o'clock." "Tompkins says ' we shall have a pphRC |u the weather," put In Enid. "The wind lias veered round, and he predicts snow before, long." Tompkins is generally right in his predictions, hut the snow will not come before we reach Lyndhurst. We are not going io he frightened out of our rule— ch, Pearl?" said Eustace, laugh ing. " Certainly not. Oh ! not all that tongue, auntie, please! I can never eat it.' "1 thought you were to make a good lunch," said Auntie," with mock sever- ity. "Ah. mother, wait until after our ride. Pearl will have found her appe tite then; and as for myself — well, it' you' get there first, you can warn them to have special relays of tea and hot cakes in readiness for us." M lieu the pair were ready to start Mrs Clifton-Talbot and' Enid went to the hall door to see them off, and waited until a bend, in the avenue hid them Uom view. "lio'.v graceful Pearl loolcs on her ma chine!" remarked Enid, as: she closed the door. "And what spirits they both are iu! Do you know, Enie, I shall not be sur prised if when we see Pearl ngain she is an engaged young lady." "I shall," muttered Miss Enid, hut the words were spokeu under her breath. Mrs Clifton-Talbot did not like to he con tradicted, aud her daughter seldom at tempted to do so. Meanwhile, Eustace and his cousin skimmed lightly over the road, side by side. Both were fond of the pastime of cycling, and Pearl seldom liad a cliauce of indulging in it save when her cousin was at home, as lier aunt objected to her riding alone at any distance from home. The wind was very keen to-day, hut the girl was warmly clad, and she had put on a veil to protect her face aud ears. Through the meshes of this Eustace could see the lovely vivid glow on the cheek nearest to him, like the lint of a geranium petal. "We have done thirteen miles already," he exclaimed, as they passed through a quiet little village, and he consulted his watch, the hands of which pointed to the hour of throe. "We shall he there before the others, at this rate." "But how dark It is growing!" ob served Pearl, with a glance around. "It might he four o'clock instead of three." "That is accounted for by those lieavv clouds over there. I am afraid Tompkins was right, and that we are in for a snow storm; but we may reach our destination before it comes." "It will be fun if it does come, I think," laughed Pearl. "N'ot so enjoyable as you fancy, little lady. I have been caught iu a snow storm before now. The white flakes blind and confuse one, and after a bit the roads are rendered almost impassable for cycles. But we must hope for the best." At half-past three the two were ob liged to dismount. In order to light their lamps. They had made good speed dur ing the hour, and were now twenty miles from home. Eustace congratulated his cousin on her skill in riding. "The wind is not iu our favor cither," he said. "You have done famously. Pearl. Only fen miles to go now. and By Jove! it is beginning to snow, after all." Pearl extended her hand In its little fur-lined glove. A white flake fell ou if. and rpsted there for a few seconds ere it melted away. "Don't look concerned, Eustace. We have not far to go now," she said. "Here are two roads. Which one are we to take?" "The— the one to the left, if I remem- ber rightly. Yes, this is It. Come along, Pearl. I hope you are uot tired." "N'ot at all. I am good for twenty miles yet." But the road ibey had taken was not as smooth as the one they had left. It was a by-road, in fact, aud the occasional ruts a nd loose stones caused a good deal of jolting. Pearl found that she could not keep up her former rate of speed. The snow was falling quite heavily, too, and the largo white flakes flew Into her face with great persistence. Her veil soon clung to her cheeks like a wet rug, and ' she was obliged to stop and remove it al together. '\Vhat a very solitary part of the world this Is!" she remarked, presently. "The houses seem to get" fewer and fewer. I thought I knew all around Lyndhurst for miles, aud yet this part seems quite strange." "I have .just been thinking the same," said her cousin. "We ought to be within five miles of Lyndhurst, aud yet — Pearl, dear, I am afraid that we have got out of our way. I have only been down here once before by road, and I— I must have made a mistake now." "Had we not better turn back?" asked Pearl, trying to speak lightly. "Oh, I tliiuk not. We are at such a distance from the cross-roads, and there may be some means of gaining the di rect route without going back. We will stop at the next house we come to, and make inquiries." Pearl pushed on courageously. It really required a great effort now7, for the In different road was by no means Im proved by the falling snow that whirled tiigly cold, and her fltileekB -aba'twai fejt frozen. But she did; not mfan t<glve j In. It was a great relief, jafeveri lifeless, when her cousin called out to her to dis mount. "We have reached a house of some sort," he said. "I can see the lights in the windows, and here Is a gate." He fumbled for the latch with his gloved fingers. "Come inside here, my poor, tired little cousin," lie continued. "These evergreens will afford some slight shelter from the storm. I will go to tho hall door and make inquiries." Pearl stationed herself beneath a friendly tree, and leaned wearily ou her machine when lier cousin left her. How7 tired she was, and how cold! She could have cried with the pain of her little frozen ears; aud perhaps they were alto gether out of their way, and It would be hours before they reached Lyndhurst. If But her meditations were interrupted by the souud of voices, and her cousin re- appeared, followed by a tall, elderly man, hearing a lantern. Eustace ap proached her eagerly. 'Tearl, dear, these good people insist that we shall take shelter in their house for awhile. I liud that we are ten or twelve miles from Lyndhurst. nnd foui from any station, and you must he so tired " "Yes, Indeed, young lady, Phf the stranger, in a hearty, kindly voice. "You must just bring your machine in doors, and let my wife look after you a hit.. It's not a night for a dog to be out, let nloue a delicate young lassie. "You are very kind," Pearl faltered. "What do you tliiuk. Eustace? Auntie will he so anxious, and Cuele Dick also." "You certainly cannot go on without a rest, Pearl. I can see that you are done up. Sir, I think wc must accept your kind offer for an hour or two." "To be sure, sir. Come tills way, young lady. We shall soou be under shelter. Here we are," nnd here s my w7ife loolilug out for us. There's noth ing Martha likes better than trying to make people comfortable." Ana Pearl found herself drawn iuto n large, well-lighted apartment, that seemed to be a sort, of farmhouse kit chen, with a wide, old- fashioned fire place and raftered celling, Here she was received by a motherly-looking dame In a black silk gown and a lace cap, who expressed much concern at the slate of her wet garments. "You're just wet through, my dear," she said, touching the fawn coat here and there with a plump, lender hand. "It's no uso your sitting by the fire iu these things. Come up stairs with me, and let's see what can be done. Father, I trust to you to see after the gentlemau. Peggy !"— opening a door and raising her voice a little — "get tea ready at once." Pearl and her cousin protested against so much trouble being taken on their behalf, but they were not listened to. Pearl was hurried up stairs, her damp things were removed, and 6lie was arrayed iu a skirt belonging to her hostess, the waist of which was a mile too large for her, a silk bodice, and over all a flue, old-fashioned Paisley shawl, which wns brought from a lavender-scented chest. Very pretty she : looked as she re- entered the kitchen in her quaint attire, with the loveliest flush on lier cheeks, and her bronze hair curling In rings about her face. Eustace was standing near the Are, wearing a most becoming loose coat of brown velvet in place of his Norfolk jacket. Pearl was surprised to see such a garmeut lu their present quarters, hut from a remark that passed between lier host and his wife she gathered that it belonged to a eon who was away from homo. The large round table iu ihe centre of the room w:ls laid for tea, and a red- faced servant-maid was bringing in various hot dishes. Tea in this house was evidently a substantial reality, aud not an apology for a meal. There was a dish of hot pom sausages on the board, such delicately-flavored dainties as Pearl liad never before lasted; there was broiled ham and eggs, and hot cakes, delicious home-made bread and butter, plum-cake, honey in the comb, and pre served ginger. The tea was excellent, the cream rich nnd thick, and the two hungry travellers felt that their lines had fallen in pleasant places. "It's not so often we get the chance of entertaining company,'' said the mistress of the house, as she supplied Pearl's plate with a nicely-frizzled slice of ham. "It's quite a treat to us, isn't it, father?" "Father" nodded. He was helping Mr Clifton-Talbot to a second supply of sausages. "It's veiy lonely here lu winter," went on the old lady. "But we wouldn't, live anywhere else now. Father was born in this house, and I came to it a bride over thirty years ago. It was quite a farm then, but now wc only keep a couple of cows, and a pony, and some poultry — just enough to keep our hands busy. There's my son has wanted lately to take a house for us just outside Lon don—a nice little villa, as he says— but father and nie'H stick to the old place." "Does your sou live In town?" asked Eustace, lu a tone of polite Interest. "In London, sir? Yes, to he sure. He's quite a grout mau now is our lad, and makes pictures, I can show yon two or three in the sitting-room liy-and-liye. From a little toddler he was always try ing to draw things, and when he got old enough, nothing would do but he must go to a School of Art. and when lie was twenty he won a scholarship to study abroad for two years, and so he went on, until now a name for himself. rlce';HoliaMr v ! j There was a momentary silence. Fear ; laid down her fork, and looked across - the table at her cousin with wide, startled eyes. Something in the expres sion of his face caused a sudden sus picion to enter her mind— a suspicion tha( Increased to certainty when she no ticed tho dull flush that crept to lila brow. "Martha, my loss, you mustn't tbinl? that everybody has heard of the lad," put in tho good woman's husband. "Oh, but we have!" cried Pearl, quick ly. "Ho is a friend of ours. "Why, he dined with us only the other evening. And to think that he Is your son, and we never knew It!" With n charming little gesture she slipped Iter hand within that of Mrs Holland, by whose side she was seated. "We m«st be great friends now," she said, sweetly. The old lady stooped aud kissed ihe up turned face. "Bless you, my dear, to he sure wa will," she returned, heartily. "And 6Q you saw7 our Morry only the other nightf Well, the world is but a small place, after all. We haven'.t seen him for a mouth, but he'll be down to-morrow uight. He never fails to spend Christmas Day with us." Eustace was rather silent during the rest of tlie meal, but Pearl talked in her prettiest manner, and completely fascin ated the simple farmer and his wife. They would not hoar of her leaving their roof that night, aud she professed herself perfectly willing to remain, if only Eus tace could get to Lyudlmrst, In order to allay the anxiety of his mother aud old General Sumner. It was finally decided that Mr Holland should convey Eustace aud his bicycle in the trap to the. near est station, and that the young man should return on the morrow7 to escort his cousin to Lyndhurst. Before Eustace's departure the cousins were left alone for a few moments, Air Holland being lu the stable, and his w7ife In the outer kitchen, giving directions to tho servant. "I hardly like to leave you, Pearl," said Eustace, In low tones. "Why not?''— rather coldly. "I am with friends." " You can har dly call these people your friends, dear. They are kind enough in their way, but they are Ig norant, uncultured. It Is surprising that Maurice Holland could have come of such a stock." Pearl turned and looked kfm straight in the eyes. " It is no surprise, to you. Eustace. Y'ou have often hinted that Mr Holland was of lowly blrtli, and you knew It when you brought me here to-day— on purpose." " Pearl !" " Don't stoop to deny it, Eustace. I feel convinced that. I am right. You wanted to lot mo see for myself " " And now7 that you have seen, Pearl," he interrupted, eagerly, " you will treat that fellow as he deser ves." " I— I will try to do so." " Aud you will give me a chauce 1 I love you, Pearl— you must know it— and if you will only give me a grain of hope" But Pearl turned from him with a superb gesture of disdain. " I would not marry you, cousin, for all that the world could give me," she said, in cold, sweet tones. «= « On the following morning a tall, falr- 1 ial red young man, with a clean-shaved, resolute face, strode up the snow- covered pathway that led to the side door of the Thorpe Farm, as old Mr Holland's house was still called. He lifted tlie latch and entered the largo kltc.ieu used for cooking purposes ; b&( nobody was there, and he passed on to the general living room. Mrs Hol land was there, stoning plums at the round table, and seated beside her, a big cooking apron tied on over her fawrn gown, was n lovely girl, who was deftly removing the peel from a largo apple. At the sight of her the new arrival stood still in the doorway, a look of amazement upon his face, and Airs Holland observed him and sprang up with a cry : " Maurice ! Oh. my hoy !" When he had kissed his mother, the young mau turned to the girl, who re turned his gaze demurely, though the color deepeued In her cheeks. " Aliss .Sumner," he faltered. " Y'ou did uot expect to find me here," she said, placing her little fingers In his strong clasp. " But I am here, you see, and— and very much at home. We must tell you about it by-aud-by." " We did uot expect you till evening, Maurice," said Ills mother. " I found I L could get here before, mammy, dear, so I came bv the earliest train. Aliss Sumner, I thought you would bo at Lyndhurst." " You seem dreadfully curious. I must explain," said Pearl, laughing. " Aud I will go and get you some lunch, my hoy," said Airs Holland. " You must be hungry, and Peggy Is , busy up stairs." She bustled off, while Pearl related I her adventure of the previous day, ? suppressing her knowledge of Eustace's > little plot. " I thought I was dreaming when. I saw you here," he said, when she had finished. " Aud you looked so much at home — so sweet — in that white apron.- 7 And you do uot despise my people after all ?" "Despise them I T— I love tliem. I should be a wretch If I did not, after -_ all their kindness." " Then you must despise me for my false pride. I was ashamed of you -\y oraer. -Tbat is wUy l uever siwke'f--- ,P8B3rl could not resist the fronds niat rushed f o lier lips: " But you will speak— now ?" He caught her in bis aims and pres sed with his own those sweet lips upon which his idle fancy had feigned so many kisses. . " What will your -guardian say t he Whispered, presently. . "He never refuses me anything I want. And, oh, Maurice— I may say It now— I—have wanted you since I began to thiDk you cared." "Not as I have wanted you. But you seemed as far above uie.as the stars; Ob, Pearl, my sweet— my precious Christinas gift!" And Mrs. Holland, entering the room at tiiat moment with . a tray' in her hands, liearly let her burden fall to the ground in her astonishment. For her son Maurice held her'young guest in his arms, tbfe girl's ruffled head rested most confidingly upon liis shoulder, and the wintry sunshine, streaming in through the window, fell upon two faces on which Love had just stamped his own unmistakable seal.— "Loudon Weekly Budget." 