AGRICULTURAL NOTES. At the twenty-third annual meeting of the New Jersey Horticuitural Socicty Dr. Smith, State Eutomolegist, spoke of the inseats of the. He gave the com- fotfciog a88awUco,tlrat:\Vlj|c-oevor iDwjct onmo to destroy;'it* own .flestyovor immed iately followed, Ihptwhen the conditions wore ngh t fdr a .rapid in crease of plant lico the for lady-lnrd) was over ; pteaonfm corresponding numbers With tho Bun Jososcale thocaso was some what* different While it had its onemv m a parasite, it 'was not }ct sufficiently common to free I reca from the jicsi * s A correspondent lately sent the f 0 [, lowing advertisement, which ho chipped froth; .another jonriial, to' .the Gardeners’ Oliromclo. For ohvjous reasons the editor of the Ghromclo tfid not publish the nanio of the v&tfdora; of such novelties who' it seems, had FF/HS appended to h,*. Wonderful,, but true! Curious and wre roses—a rose with perfectly green flowers,:a rp£e whoso flowers are two feet in circumference, a nearly blue rose* tho three: fro.o:5e, with a new one oxl n ; 4bito Mareohal Neih in large pots. 5s and 7 a 6d* smaller,' 2s , 6d; White Perpetual Most ‘The Ghost/, la:6d each* A plant with i white flowers as >larga a» a cart-wheel— stem 3 2ft high, grand Mage; leaves 4ft acrose; J hardy;;flowofein opou, from June till ’Plante now for next year’s : display.' largo Mbs, .1 s 6d each; t,w 0 f or • 2s f '-6d; 1 six' r for‘ 5b. : fllonstor fuchsias 'flowerh large as white, blue, and ybllow, .the throe' for 2s ”'Xfc i 8 a question (says the’oditor of. the Chronicle) whether the : Council Of the Royal Horticultural Society should'not Cali on the advertiser for an expisihation. ; Under tjfe heading of “The Handsomest Tree in bho' World,” P.Chinton, h, Americau as follows —All things "considered, there is no tree so .thoroughly - beautiful as an apple tree : planting of Jiawnsusvnotdasily explained, certainly not on-thd ground6 pf good*taste. The tree is shapely,, gives variety, and has a homdful look/ Tho - blossoms; are incomparable If the Japanese shOuUworship the cherry and* plUm, much.more should Americans be spellbound by the Tho profuseness of bloom.is utisurpasscd, the colors,shade ; : frpiq, whiteito nowhere $l S o perfume is simply perfect. .After- blossoming, the fruit is again 5 ornamental in tho highest degree I always disliked to pick my apples because the.orchard is.sp. beautiful in its crimson and* gold fruitage. I recommend for lawns ofmoderatesizoa neatly-trimmed, compact growing apple tree. A house in an orchard is a house well placed. Those who hare never experimented with dwarf apples trees wiU bo surprised at their beauty as well as their .Utility. The dwarf pearj which is most commonly known, is seldom highly ornamental, but-the dwarf apple is as -beautiful a smalb- tree as one can easily find- Where large apple trees eonnot be grown,Xadviee to try the dwarf. . An infallible , preventive of foot rot, used in one of the best flocks in tho Down breeds;; is ;; as follows—In the flock in question* fp.pt rolris almost unknown. Tlio feet, of thereheep are first carefully pared and; then twice a year are passed through .the following solution (cold), prepared m this manner—Boil 21b each of arsenic and potash (pearl ash) in one gallon of water iiOver a slow fire for half an hour, keep stirringy and when likely to boil over add a little cold water, then add five gallons of cold, water. Put this solution to the depth of lim to just sufficient to cover tho •hoofs of. the sheep, in a trough 12ft long, lSin . wide,v'and about 6in deep. The sheep should be driven quietly through the. 'Solution, and allowed to rest 20 minutes in A pen before putting them back to the pastures, The trough should always he secured with a padlock, and put .close up to a,wall with a fencing on ono side: of it. bo prevent accidents when not in -use. The-Farmer and Stockbreeder sayg —“ Wo have seen this system in operation, and can, recommend it.” '/ Professor M. V. Sihgerland of Cornell Experiment Station, tho old story of the;entomologists about tho codliu ; moth, layi n'g.itsegge in the blossom and of the apple is a myth. The moth that lays ; the eggs does pot appear until a week after the blossoms fall, , and then it dc \- posits its eggs on the side of the apple. In- about IQ- days jthey hatch, and the dibble worms;.ciuwl-around on the surface until they find the calyx, then creep in between the: lobes, which have by this ; time closed tightly. Up to this time the inseetsjhave-pot eaten, but soon after en tering the calyx they begin to gnaw their way into the*apple.! From all this it can :bo seen that J;rees • should be sprayed for this insect as soon, as the blossoms fall, as tbe Faris green can then bo deposited in the calyx, vvbere it* will be eaten by the worm, while vit it is -delayed 10 days or longer, the; calyx will have closed over the ibasin, .and bhe Paris green will only be -deposited the fruit, where young worm. {i calyx is in no way a .-good•Mpfrs.-jataffit *(Bfoe.fe the-poison and ou * i by ra ‘ D * ;^h%5C^fxipi;ffieV:pear‘ does not close, and wait for ton days the blossoms fall before trees;- as there will be less the poison being washed fi .The --secretUry- of * the' Warrackuabeal whilst in samples of Sir. J. jRunge’s ■'sunflower sdpd to a leading seed him that the one * was.C not. so good. Tho waf''3d. per lb., fifty thus making k -Bushel: of > the. seed worth • :iThe -haH-yearIy; meeting of shareholders Fort Fairy, was the factory on March 25. The .of the' operations of tho company during the six months showed a satisfac tory state; of ;afFairs#fl|or M Jiotwith6landing the unusuallygdc|* eefasompassed through, \- causing the be no less than 45,000 gallomTsTOrb of that of the similar term of- last year, a profit of £798 9s 9d was achieved, raising the amount to credit of profit, and Toss to £1125 7s od. Out of this the directors -proposed to declare » dividend of 10 per cent, to supplying -shareholders,. and seven* per -conb,.to,non* £353 12s lOd; and to:carry forward the balance. During jthe-term dealt vwith, £8/191 ds .JOd bad r boen paid tCr milk; and £10,808 12s -d had been received for the sale ofhntteu whilst the hdd-rcturned £1075 Os 3d, although not being kept iully suophed through the scarcity of milk •caused hv Cheidrysbason;' Tho statements :wero- adopted; and" a- vote of thanks nc tairded and chairman. ; ’■ Reforringvloi. the'harvest in Tasmanin, : the ;3fail~-states:that: - it is expected that the wheat-crop TBus year will a imiiliom' ando-ajhalEbushels. If - this for- 1898 wiU be itho[-](drg'cs j triho;4colonj' has. produced since 1866 —$2 years' ngo v In that l' ear „T a3 * Since ttjgnf’tho has run seven .-figures! onlyrson«s&ven; ;* ocoa sions--i n ire years 18e9,'lS72,11374,1879,1892,189a, ,“511898. hjgliMt figutos ''«« by ic- were produced i^tei^tingeto,men,tipn,,that Iho and rcflp.rdco in 1 1888, and the quant j y •;oL-'\yh.Ottt,x.produced- 3 wa8.55.0,189busbeL -The' m l^ -1 xthd ) ear was 1§85, bushels wor :grown.v\ { \ . . idangeribhpj^oiir'iromvth^now^ pest known as tjio San lose scale, ouo of the worst inflictions of the''kind ever in troduced iiitoAustraiia, haa boon compiled by French, GovornmQnt- EntqmologHt, andissmed by tho AgrioUlt uraldepartracnfc. The aca|o acorns tp bo aii importation frbin iho ijnited. States, land is.- greatly feared there, AA American oxport in describing it says there is perhaps no insect- “capable of tb , frnil in terests ih;U»e United States, Or perhaps in tho world. -It is liot striking.in : appear ance, and ; might often remain unrecog nised, or at loasfc miauudereiopd, and yet so steadily and ridentlesslv . does it spread over practically all ■deciduous 'fruit trees -r-trunks, limbs, foliage and fruit—that it is only a question of two or three-years before the death of the plant attacked is brought about, and the possibility of injury which from experience with,- other scale insects of deciduous plants might be easily ignored or 'thought insignificant is soon startlingly demonstrated.” Tho- Los Angeles commission reported in 1800 that if tho scale wore nbt speedily destroyed it would utterly ruin the deciduous fruit interests of tho Pacific coast- -The pro pagation, of the insects proceeds at such, a rate that Between May and December each female “may become the -ancestress of 1,160,000,000 scales.” Mr~ French refers to it as “terribly destructive” and “a terrible scourge,” and ; s.‘iys “our climate, more thn n that- of roost parts of America, is more, conducive to the increase of such pests as this one, because we : have a well nigh perpetual summer, and other con ditions here are favorable to tbe active in crease of insect life.” Growers may bo advised to send to the. department for copies of the pamphlet, which names the several remedies used in. America to suppress the insects. ' • 