ANOTHER CITY LANDMARK GOING. . INTERESTING NOTES. (By AN OLD IDEKTITY. J * Australia is too new a land in some respects to have ruins haunted by weird memories oi stalked through by ghosts—to have _ keeps, castles, abbeys, or fortresses musty with IIEO and hoary with age; crumbling walls covered with ivy, mosses, and lichens, dark and mottled by centuries of storm. She has no frowning battlements by moat protected, -the scenes ages ago of deeds of daring or romance. Yet in even snch s. city as this Adelaide of ours there are ruthlessly demolished now and again what we call old buildings, where goings- on of another and calmer sort laid the foundations of careers of fame or fortune or both. Such a pile is being razed to the ground in the main thoroughfare to-day—a building wherein men now prominent in Senates, Courts, and Conventions were trained; and, strangely enough, the adjacent northerly block had a similar history. SIB BICHA2D HANSON. The present handsome premises of the Bank of Adelaide were reared on the site—among other occupancies—of the consulting and practising offices of the old legal firm of Hanson and Hicks, the co-partnership, which had as its leader the massive intellect of the Afterwards Chief Justice Hanson, tho immediate predecessor of the present occupant of that high position. The writer oft wandered through the fusty, dusty apartments, littered and lumbered as he considered then with tons of tomes and documents which had produced to the weary waiters upon law's delays smiles or tears, chuckles or sighs, but certainly costs, which are as sure as death and the tax-gatherer. In process of time the genius of a Hanson shone not merely at the Bar, but illuminated the Legislative Chambers, radiated from the Ministerial seats, and then in full-orbed effulgence blazed from the judicial Bench, while, perhaps fitfully and uncertainly, it lightened our literature. "THE HONEST LAWYER." Alongside the professional dwelling of Sir Riohard Davies Hanson there was southward in King William-street—but in a few days will not be—a white plaster-fronted rambling series of rooms," crannies, nooks, cupboards, and some almost catacombs, from a portion of whose recesses came forth into the light of a prosperous sunshine Mr. Atkinson, aWeeleyan solicitor, freqnentlystyled "thehonestlawyer." a title which always, recalls the story -of the American man of briefs who directed that "Only this and nothing' more" should be graven on his tomb, for everybody would at once repeat his name by saying, " Oh ! that is Strange." Mr. Alfred Atkinson, as remembered, was tall, thin, clad in tweed vest and nether garments strapped, with .frock coat and tall hat, and a walk and manner somewhat like, in staccato gait, that of the late Sit John Morphett. His practice was largely a family, estate, and consulting business rather than a litigious connection. When he went up to where proctors and practitioners are not needed, his vacated rooms were- before long tenanted by Messrs. Way & Brook, next Way & Symon, next Symon and Bakewell; and after that were devoted, like other parts of the tenements, to lower purposes, becoming merely the temporary roosting- places of land agents, architeote, collectors, auctioneers, dentists, hairdressers, and other minor folk who ** do not count for much," when not politicians. « ' THE PKEMIEE. Last week thiB scribbler took ft man who had no fancy or imagination—no poetry or Romance in his sonl or spirit—over the erstwhile but now .vanishing home of precedents, legal maxims, and procedure. But the story that down those back steps in that murky celi the to-day Premier of South Australia, the ' Right Hon. C. C. Kingston, P.O., Q.C^ M.P., D.C.L., &c.;, &c.;, spent laborious days and nights as conveyancing clerk to Messrs. Way & Brook produced no sense of awe or wonder. Ifbehadbeentoldthathiscopper-plate writing, like that of others, was as olear and lovely then as now, no word would have oome from him, though "cursory" remarks often proceed from sorely vexed compositors and other long-suffering and -little-appreciated toilers. Whether the dogged determination, the stubborn persistence, the sometimes dont-care-a-rap-for-anybody-but-myeelfedneea partly characterizing Mr. Kingston's political career since can be traced to the early influences of that grim, wee, crabbed, confined hole between bricks, is an occult enquiry. Doubtless he then had no-prophetic glimmer of West Adelaide faithfulness, of a love of titular distinctions, of Hospital secrets,- or of masterly management of wooden majorities. KB. SYMON AND THE CHIEF JUSTICE. Not better housed when he came here from the South-Eastern district, after finishing his articles there, was Mr. J. H. Symon. In those long-ago days I saw much of him as for years a client of the firm, as a Pressman—as acquaintance, ay, even a friend—and I " mind as though ifwere yesterday" his felicitating himself upon getting into an oflSoe with so large and varied a clientele, and so big a litigious connection. _ The concern was indeed favoured at the time in having the able services of Mr. Kingston largely in its realestate branch, with his great grasp of everything pertaining thereto, and his wide acquaintance with other transactions; while Kir. Symon by oareful, plodding, hard work, which has ever since marked and been a secret of his brilliant career, laid the early courses ftir the splendid professional structure which he has since reared. The phenomenal success of one set of offices from which came the Chief justice, the Premier, and the leader of the South Australian, if not Australasian Bar, deserves some recognition. No one' would be more ready than the Bight Hon. Chief Justice Way now as ever to aver that» great factor in the making of the firm was the masterly work of Mr." Brook—a quiet, persevering labourer of rare talents, unflagging industry, and marvellous resources, a great reader, a profound thinker, and even a brilliant genius, while a sound lawyer—not an anti-climax. As for the then head of the house whose material shelter or shell is going and nearly gone, what should be said? It would need almost his own incomparable power of balancing sentences, deftly rounding periods, and gracefully and delicately with cultured fineness limning the verbal picture, to adequately represent the magic-like career of in many respects the greatest of those who occupied these legal dens. Bnt are not his acts and words embalmed in Bluebooks, written on foundation-stones, moulding the lives of University men, recorded in the Press, engrossed in parchments, recognised in charitable, philanthropic, religions, artistic, agricultural, floricnltural, and Masonic results; while, if it be true that no uttered word is ever lost, his lectures, addresses, speeches, conversations, and even opinions, judgments, and sentences must be eddying to the outer zones and . rims of' space and sound, mingling, perhaps, with the music of the spheres. THE OLD OBDEB PASSES. Let me add that deeply indeed was this deponent indebted to the chief and other denizens m the old times of these vanishing chambers for counsel and aid, and it has been a pleasure, to recall facts and fancies that cluster about the demolished pile. Soon the scene will be a busy one, for a handsome structure with modern ideas finding expression in granite and other solid materials will take the place of the old brick and limestone places which, notwithstanding their traditionary importance, have been latterly called "rookeries." 