CRICKET CHATTER. By FELIX. ST. KILDA V. MELBOURNE. I was walkiug along the St. Ivilda road I to the Warehousemen's ground, and when ! fully 250 yards away from the entrance | gate, 1 said, "Hallo, St. Kilda have lost the toss, and Melbourne are batting.7 How did I know this. The fact is, that borne on the beautiful breeze there came the sound of a well-known voice crying "Yes," after a stroke, the sound of which also reached me. "W. Bruce is batting for a ducat," was my mental observation^ and 'sure enough I found it so on entering the re serve. Subsequently I mentioned to the famous left- hander how far his call had travelled, and he replied, "I do call a bit loudly sometimes, and Charlie, you know, is little deaf in one ear." The two kept possession until 5 o'clock, and gave a very good display. The bowling was on the spot for a time, and had to be treated with respect. Hence runs came slowly at first, but by 5 o'clock, when a separation was effected, the board showed the sub stantial figures of 1—93—156. Bruce was the man to fall, and it was generally con ceded as "hard lines not to get seven more." Taking no liberties, the left hander batted very well indeed all round the wicket. He gave at nine a very hot show at short-leg to Perymau off Robert son. Peryman seemed taken by surprise, and 1 fancy he had not quite got into his place when the stroke was made. llis cutting was Al, crisp and clean, with wood in every stroke, one in parti cular travelling oast Kirwin to the boun dary at a remarkably rapid rate. To leg, too, he was decidedly effective and true, one perfect stroke winning ! loud plaudits, and he drove at times with all his former vigour. | He hit fourteen 4"s, and was batting for i two hours and 20 minutes. I congratulate I this able cricketer on his return to form, j C. M'Leod did not score up to Bruce's rate, . but he played well, bar in the open ing overs, and was still there at half past 6, with the fine score of 110 not out. lie gave a chance at 104 to Reid off Fitz gerald, and at 105 to Russ off Freame. That well-known leg play of Charlie's was a special factor in producing his aggregate, but he cut and drove in first-rate style as well. A grand leg hit (one of the old sort) is noted in his .favour off Fitzgerald. He hit ten 4's, and was batting for three hours and 35 minutes. Graham shaped in capital style for 24, which included three 4's. He was given out 1 b w, but he informed me that he played the ball before it touched his leg. H. Trnmble was going like clock work when suddenly a breakback from Marshall caused the graceful batsman to retire after putting together 15. Wilson obtained 25 not out by genuine cricket. He hit five 4's. D. Mailer was snapped up at the wickets off Freame, formerly of Port Melbourne. The record was 285 for four wickets. Burton got a nasty crack while keeping wickets. Considering erratic de liveries, he was in good trim. The fielding on the whole was up to first eleven form. Fitzgerald captured two for 91, Marshall one for 49, Freame one for 26. Marshall had a fine length for the most part, and ap peared to puzzle M'Leod at times. In the reserve I noticed the president of the M.C.O., Mr. Frank Grey Smith. THE "HAWKS" IN THE FIELD. In scanning the scores, I must say 1 feel for the unfortunate bowlers who "graft" all the afternoon on billiard-table wickets for such results as Carlton . one for all, East "Mdlboume two for 318, South Mel bourne two for 260, Melbourne four for 285, making an aggregate of 1,240 for nine wickets, or an average of 137.7 runs per wicket. There were no fewer than five centuries, viz., Warne 160 (not out), Hetherington 150, (Sutherland 122, C. M'Leod 110 (not out), and H. IStuckey 103 (not out). It was against the latter bats man ana his comrades at Jolimont that Ilawksburn had to field. They worked well, but if the chances given had been taken, Laver would have been out for live; instead of having 88 (not out) to his name,' and (Stticl&y; would have closed his career for 6£ As it is, their partnership' has i yielded 139, and is: still uiibn^eh. An-: other profitable' partnership vtfaa thai. t*-! tween M'Alister and Stuckeyj.'- for.%:iQ& i M'Alister, who went inplayed a beautifully clean and correct game 4or $3, marked by many artistic cuts and^eg strokes, and excellently-executed off-dtlfes all along the carpet. He is ereditedsvith 12 fours, did not give the ghost's©f a chance, and was at the wickets'dor about two hours and a half. Stuckeyplayed a fine innings, and the vigour of his strokes may be gauged by noting thbt-in his first 44 there are 40 composed of fours. In all, he hit 13 fours, was batting for three hours, and gave only the chance already mentioned. His off strokes were particularly good, being full of speed and timed to the estima tion of a hair. To leg also he was telling and true. Just asahe had got into three figures Watling thought he had him off E. Rush, but Stuekey states the ball hit hi a pad, not his bat. Laver shaped in rattling form for his 88 not out, which included 12 fours. His display, however, was marred by the chance. He was all there in pull ing, cutting, and driving, and his applica tion of wood was such that the lieldsmen had no show in a race with the ball to the boundary. M'Micliael, after playing per fect cricket for 36, was beaten by O'Con nor, who bowled in good form for a long time, his length being first- rate. The two wickets that fell were taken by him. Dins more had hard luck in having both Laver and Stuclcey missed off him. SOUTH V. NORTH. D. Sutherland was three hours and a half making his 122, and when he fell, beaten by a long hop from W. Carlton, the board showed 2—122—2-53, or 197 as the outcome of-his partnership with Giller. Suther land hit only four fours, but though this suggests a lack of aggressiveness, it has to be said that his strokes all round were very neatly made, and that many drives with plenty of wood in them were rendered re sultless by the phalanx of fieldsmen. At 36 lie should have been stumped by Hous ton. Giller played a steady and solid game for 89 not out. He is debited with a chance at 85 back to the bowler, E. Bean. It was hot to the right band. Giller hit five fours. Ingleton's display for 30 was entertaining, and lie looked like staying, when suddenly he sent a full toss from J. Carlton into the sure hands of Bean. The colt Warwick Armstrong re sumes to-day with 7 to his name. The North worked hard in the field. J. Carlton took one for 59; W. Carlton, one for 28; Maplestone, none for 55; A. Carlton, none for 33; Saunders, none for 30; Rundle, none for 5; Bean, none for 36. FITZROY V. UNIVERSITY. F. Tarrant bowled 180 balls, 11 maidens against University, and took six wickets for 66 runs. As it was a batsman's day and wicket, these figures are remarkably good, for we all know that tbe University men are by no means weak in batting. Tar rant's prior performances with tbe ball this season are in keeping-with his present suc cess, and, therefore, it behoves-our selec tion committee ,to keep an eye on "him with fifteen and ■ ta^Y-ictorian iifieffeh. Jllef is most enthusiastic - young erieketerf and bowls with plteiity qUb?aTtr*'TheJmghest scorer in the University total is L. Miller, who batted well" for 55 (not out), though the lustre of his essay is somewhat tarnished by two chances. He was dropped before lie had started an account by Hopkins off Tarrant, and at 20 Beacham missed him off his own bowling. This re turn was hot. Miller's cutting and off driving were very good. O'Hara (30) and Osborne (39) were very busy and sound. Beacliam, who had 15 runs knocked off him, went on again after the adjournment. Tn his first over he bowled O'Hara and Osborne for 1 run. Tbe former got two 4's, the latter three 4's. Perhaps the cleanest and neatest cricket on the Uni versity side was Bullivant's 19. He was smartly stumped by Hopkins. Beacham took three wickets for 52, off 125 balls. Stewart was missed by Webb off Beacham before he had scored, but the let-off did not prove expensive, Stewart being bowled by Tarrant for 5. The ball hit Webb on the chest. Another chance was that given by Feilchenfeld to Beacham off Twenty man. Fitzroy sent up 14 for one wicket, Hopkins not out 11. Ellis, who was sent to the right about for 3 by O. Miller, gave O'Hara a chance off bis own bowling. C. Miller took one wicket for 3 off 4 balls. RICHMOND V. CARLTON. The Carlton fellows are bent upon beat ing their batting performance against Ilawksburn. Already they have 371 up for one wicket, with two such good ones as Warne and Worrall to resume to-day. If the chances had been taken, Hethering ton, who made 150, would have been out at 13, and he was again let off at 20; and Warne, who has 160 not out to his name, was let off at 40, and again after he had reached three figures. How the Rich mond skipper felt at the close of play I cannot say, but I am sure that a thought to this effect was running through his brain, " If I had only held those two chances, what a difference it would have made." Hetherington played in his best form, and liis fine score includes fourteen 4's and two 5's. His driving was tip-top. Warne combined impregnable defence with occasional acts of aggressiveness, and he hit thirteen 4's and two 5's, but the lat ter were not over the boundary. Worrall broke out right away with a fourer, and kept on getting them so fast that in a little over fifty minutes he had compiled 53 not out, which included two 5's—one over the boundary, the other all run. He hit seven 4's, and did not give a chance. Richmond fielded with unflagging effort throughout, and Peatling merits special mention for his form with the gloves. Wade fielded very well, and so did Easthaugh, who worked so hard that he felt a bit jaded at the finish, tfholl had very bad luck in bowling, the two century men being missed off him by R. Kelly in fhft fiiins CARLTON V. NORTH MELBOURNE. This long-deferred contest lias come to a termination at last, and so I am now in a position to state that the second round of pennant matches has been played. That round began I forget how long ago, but at all events it was finished on Tuesday. The North had 64 to get, with four wickets to fall, and the Carlton bowlers performed So creditably that the North tell for a total of 256, only 24 being added on Tues day. ' R. Houston stonewalled in a manner which he has seldom, if ever, excelled. Lest we forget the long ago, I may mention that the Carlton total was 29G, and that they have won this match by 40 runs. LEAGUE MATCHES. Williamstown ppened so badly against 3pburg-.pn the seaside ground that three jobd 'wickets weTe down for 5 to the trothena Patersoh. Then the veteran Charlie Clrubb made a stand with (Idffitha, the pair adding 43 between them, wbbu (irubu succumbed for a capital Tx0r IxritftthB shaped well for 35. With sik Mifiitoest gone for about 60, the Williams* " .•prospectB seemed anything but pjW au'sinp, but 'J*. Hannah and Thompson played up so well that they materially nil proved the complexion of the game. W'or roll (20) ami Jones (25) also rendered sound support, and the result at call of time was the respectable aggregate of 210 for nine wickets. Hannah's 45 was a ' spirited essay, and Thompson's capitally compiled 4S (not out) includes a sevener, owing to a misconception by one of the tun- ' pires as to the lost-ball rule. J. Putcrson captured four wickets, T. Patcrson two, Hyde one, and Baxter one. j Buzolich shone conspicuous above his comrades for Essen don against Malvern nt Ksscndon. liis score of 83 was obtained in commendable form, and the next on the list is W. Smith with 2D. lie. too, halted well, and so did Banisay (25) and Samp ford (24). The total was 229. Uallantyne took six wickets for 62, an excellent per-: fonnanee on a batsman's wicket and last nut-field. Malvern lost one wicket for 19. For Brighton against Fort Melbourne, at Port Melbourne, En cry kept on the spot so well iliat even Vaughan had to treat his de liveries with respect. Buns came slowly, ' hut Vaughan lost no opportunity of piling j up the runs, and when he was dismissed j for a well-oblained 31, only 50 were on the j hoard. Subsequent batsmen did well, not- j ably O'Hara, who put together 51 quite in ! liis old form. Purvis was all there, too, with 41\. and Freame contributed 19. These were I the principal scores in a total of 197. j SYDNEY. 31\. A. Noble and Trumper were very, much about for Paddington against East Sydney. Noble made 267 not out ^and Trumper 113 out of a total of 472. Noble j lias to rest satisfied with the trifling aver age of 429, a result due to ouec out in four hands. If it can be said that Noble scored, it can be said that Waverley did not score, 33 being the total for the whole side. Their opponents, the Glebe, made 222, of which our old friend Coningliam scored 107. Austin took three of Glebe for SI. Leicliardt and North Sydney bad a close go, the former making 312, the latter 321. For North Sydney 1\\. Duff made 95, W. Duff OS. Hopkins 53. Quit:! 58. Connelly captured eight of North Sydney for 112, and Perev Charlton four of Leichardt for j 47. The old-stager. Tom Garrett, showed that his original bowling arm has a rem-1 nunt still left. He look five of Central! ('umherland for 27, and their total was 223.. To Tom, therefore, may he credited the victorv gained bv Burwood, whose aggre gate was 237. Bedfern •'declared'' with nine down for 368\. and South Sydney went under, the side being shattered for 226. Evers (92) was on top. llannig.m took five wickets for 71. In a total of 514 made by Sydney Gram mar School Wcodburn scored 101, C. Brown 100, A. Johnstone 100. NOTES. In the match between the seconds of East Melbourne and llawksburn, at llawksburn. Boys, who was keeping wicket excellently for the East, received a very severe blow in the mouth from a hail j knocked oil by a fast hall from Bogers. Two or three of iue young wicket-keeper s teeth were broken. ! Oti Tuesday S. M'Mkhael made 123 for | Education department against Water Supply out of a total of 250. Water j Supply nowhere. Last week Syd. Deane made 146 by rat tling play in a theatrical match. The country week will be commenced on ] (lie 12th inst., and a good deal of inlerestl has been aroused in connection with the | coming contests. Win. Murray has gone to Tasmania, and j may not be back in time to take pail in the country week matches. ^ j It was a pleasure to meet the curator of! (he Warehousemen's ground, Coekcroft, on I Saturday. We had a chat together about ] the haunts of his boyhood in the county of broad acres, and recalled interesting ] items about Huddersfield, Ycadon, Hali fax, Eliand, and the Yale of Calder. He informed me that Peate is now keeping a cricket and athletic depot in Leeds, that he can bowl well yet, and would play in good matches hut for his sight, which is somewhat impaired. Coekcroft lent me a hook containing some most interesting I sketches of old Yorkshire players, among (hem the old favourites, Tom Emraett, Ephraim Lockwood, Allan Hill, poor George Oyett ("Happy Jack''), Louis Hall, Pinder, Peate, George Freeman, George Anderson, J. Thcwlis, and Luke Greenwood. Luke umpired for Australian teams, and says, "They always behaved like gentlemen to* uie, and I never saw teams work better together."' Last year Luke, who is 64 years of age, walked from Ossctt to Leeds and back twice, to Bradford and hack twice, to Hudderelield and back once, and he adds, 'T was going to j set off on the Sunday night to walk to Sheffield to see the match with Sussex, but when 1 found that Banji was not playing 1 did not go." Australians who met old Luke in Englaud will regret to find him saying, "It seems to me 1 have been play ing on a bad wicket. 1 was in that house (the Carpenters' Anns, Os6ett) 20/ years, and never had a single glass of drink. It is not many cricketers can say that. We are too often blamed, and rightly, for in sobriety and improvidence, nut neither charge" can be brought against me." Yet for all that Luke is sadly down on liis luck. John Thewlis. one of the finest players that Yorkshire ever prouueed, was found, in liis 70th year, by the writer of the sketches trudging on foot with a heavy basket of laundry clothes on his shoulder from Failsworth to Manchester, four miles. At the end of the journey he was anxious to walk hack again as soon as possible to earn a few coppers by getting in a load of coals.- When his lamentable ease was made kuown old admirers set to work, and got him a billet as groundsman to the Greenfield Club. At the annual meeting,pf the Middlesex County Club, held at £>b&wgf; Cross Hotel, Strand, W.C., the foBdjgfflg - resolutions were passed:— 'MMa- ' "The" committee of the XliiMjEfiex County Cricket Club desire to place on vceoitl their deep appreciation of the great services flat Mr. j. j). walker rendered to cricket in the County. They Jed/Jjowevcr, that it is impossible to tod words their sense of the loss the club hasl ,, which is siinply irreparable, gad they I :aware! these sentiments are shared/hy j cricket wprjd. e committee much, regret the deatlr of U, EUUXQUIT* ninr |«"J VW mail,? tmib ™ coonfyi «*d pt Mr. Charles H. Tcbbut, in finite attti» new interest in Essex, still re at m committee of his old ffilwr -wttB. re-elected prerf *■"1'J" Ufon vice-president, takes Mr. Tebbnta Mr. P. M. Thotn .seeretaryj-but Ofretdfjilsippb i decided to ask Mr. A. E. Sloddart, the vice-captain, to accept tlic captaincy. The I balance-sheet showed a profit on match: receipts over expenses of £850/15/1L and I j tlte halance in hand amounts to £5,4(33/2/5,1 of which a donation of £200 was made to J j the Marylebone Club, and £137 to the professionals, &c.; I saw Messrs. Macdonald and Thompson, of the Western district team, batting and bowling on Friday. I was pleased with the play of both, though it struck me that the turf was a shade too fast for Macdonald. Later I had the pleasure also of meeting Captain Pleasance, of Euroa. He is, I am glad to say; in far better health than he was during the last country week. On Wednesday the East Melbourne Club will play the Western district, and Mr. A. K. Clarke, president of the East, will en tertain the teams and friends at luncheon in the pavilion. On Wednesday night the Western district players will attend the liijou Theatre on the invitation of the East Melbourne. 