WILD EELIN : Hiilt ESCAPADES, ADVJSNTUIIES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' 'Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Lochaber,' 'White Heather,' 'Stand Fast, Cmijr- ltoyston,' 'Highland Cousins,' &c;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. J Chapter XLIX.— The Devjl's Kirn. Early next morning tl.ero was enacted the strangest scene ever beheld on the banks of the River Nish. Almost before daybreak Archie Gilehrist was out at bis accustomed post, apparently busy enough with books and maga zines and manuscripts, and yet ever with a furtive glance towards the red house across the wide stream. The dawn was graciously still and opalescent ; the overclouded skies were of a banded silver-grey ; tho current, noiseless, stealing by, mirrored the foliage of the now J Vil^v IT U*q Uiugo j Is UO OU1V1VV '*- vuu nvn »?) ' iawia that began to appear, rose vertically into the quiescent air and J ill used itself into a pale blue film that softened all the wooded heights beyond. Peace reigned throughout the world ; and in that house away over yonder why not also a beneficent and merciful peace? Meanwhile thia is what was happening in tho sickroom. ''Nurse,' Eelin called, in rather a frail voice, 'will you do me a kindness? Will you go do\vn--go down to the drawing-room and search amongst the music — on the piano — and you'll finel a scrawled piece — scrawled and scribbled over— but the title of it is 'The briies of Glenbraou' ? ' 'Oh, if you will please to excuse me. Miss Eeliu,' the nurse «aid, anxiously. 'Your raau'iua said I was not to bring you that song — benauso it upsets you so ? ' 'Oh, well,' sho said, with apparent in difference, but the eyes like the blue of the sea wave wero beginning to burn, 'anything will do. I only want to look at the titles. My— my singing days are over. Why Bhould I want to sing ? It is happy people who sing. But the titles to look at — could you find forme 'Eelin of Kirconnel' — 'I wisii I wero where Eelin lies, on fair Kirkconuei lea' — Eelin, mind, not Helen— jou'll rind the correct version in Maver — or in Moffat ? ' 'Oh, yes, miss,' said the prim and placid Nurse Kenelrick. 'As soon as ever the day nurse is here or when souie of the servants are about 1 will run down and fetch the music for you ? ' 'And why not now?' the girl pleaded. 'It — it is a saiali favor to ask; only a minute ? ' Tiie nurse hesitated— and was lest. 'What did you say was the soujr, miss?' ' 'I wish I were where Ecliu lies, for night and day on me she cries' — 1 — I don't re member the rest —for my head is not very well — only — only I wanted to look at the titles — if I am never to be abie to sing any more ? ' ' What did vou say were the books, Miss Eelin?' 'Oh, I have forgotten— I have forgotten,' the girl moaned. 'And — it is too much trouble— I ask your pardon ? ' The prim little nurso was also impression able in a way ; she could not resist the wearied appeal ; she said she would try to find 'iJeiiu of Kirkconnel,' and should bo back in au instant. It was a kindly concession, wrung from her by the pathetic tones of the girl's voice ; but it was not very wise ; and it had consequences. For the moment she had gone, Wild Eelin— with the cunning and the unnatural strength of delirium— sprang from the bed, undressed herself, put on her swimming things, not even excepting the felt elippers to prote'et her feet ; then she crept stealthily down the staircase, and passed along the hall, and unlocked the door, and went out. Her footstep on the gravelled path was Biient ; phantom-like she crossed the breadth of grass ; and so she came to the river — at least, te- the shingle bordering the stream. And this was the apparition that Archie Gilehrist, on the other side, beheld when he chanced to look up from his books. He did not pay much heed. Somehow his eyes had become dazed of late-, what with long watch ing, and mechanical roadiufr, and sleepless nights ; and no doubt tho white-armed goddess on the opposite bank was but a spectral creation of his brain ; in another moment or two she would have vanished and taken to flight for her far and foam-girt isle. He tiardly cared even to look at her. Khe was not an effulgent and lustruus creature as a goddess should be, for the grey dimuesB of the dawn was still around her; the was a mere ghost, ethereal and visionary. He had been reading the night before, some stories out of the Greek mythology, and he was of an imaginative turn of mind. Then all of a sudden a spasm of horror shot to his heart. Why, this was no fantastic illu sion whatever ; hu knew who it was and why she was there. It was Eeliu Macdonald, escaped from control, come down to make one more mad effort to swim the Devil's Kirn. In consternation lie saw her take otf her slippers at the end of the shingle ; \w saw her wade in through the shallow to the deeper water ; ho saw the fragile body throw itselt a^uinst tho heavy current; and iu an agony of helpless ness 'he could only wait and watch, not know ing whither she might bo carried. But he had quickly taken oil' his coat nnd flung it on the giuss behind him ; so far he was prepared for anything that might happen. By this time there wero uui'ses and servants rushing down tho distant bank — calling, and shrieking-, and wringing their hands ; little attention did he pay to them. It \vj.a piteous to sea the frail white human creature, contending with tiio ebon-black im placable stream ; and of course tho result was iuevit !.bir: ; witli her spent strength she could mr.ke no headway at nil ; certainly shei fought anil io-.ijjht, for she had the courage e-f the Kmvai.r Macdonaids in her \eir.s and perhaps thi: fe\er lc-nt her some, accis of wild effort. Thu cud speedily came. tilro was swept elown like some white roselerif on the surface of the water; llie Devil's Kirn h.i.l got its grip of her ; and hither and thither :shei -.ras being whirled— until Archie Gikhrist taw his chance and jiimp-d in. Ho \v;is a fvoud swimmer, the swinging current iiotu'itlistanelin;jf. ]lo :ie:::ed hold of her — lie- buru her to the bank — he carried her to the slope whore his emit was lying — iu another mumcut hiie was wrapped up in th.it uncouth g.ii-iiicur, and lie hud placed her arras around his ncjk, and be l.ad clns.j'cd her liiuilj' to him. an he' t-ut out for thu ho.-i.se1. lie went in the uiivution of ths upper aiio1. klisi-.m briil.'/e. l'.^- V;'.;;ivly knew th:'t tl.o surieki!!;^ wur.vii Wi.-rj i-uunu;{; ucro.su wiUi blankets and such tiling'. A.i'! tl.cn she :;:iid tu him, in a. p.ml.iiig kind uf way — 'Oh, Sj'.-.iei-'ie.l— my low ! -ny de:\i' love !— have yc.i come lor mo at Ia.=iV Ah, why did you I'.'.vcr .spe.ik? I guc-suJ, you know— oil, ye-3, 1 |;ues-*vf! — and wlun you pave me tho tllOU- iUliel JJOUUlln ful- llili JU.lcJoUili(iii of (jle.ll garva, my mother said you were either mad or madly iu love — and if you were in love it was with me—and I guessed that, too, though 1 would not let on. And as for me — my heart was yours from the moment I saw your strong, earuest eyes. But then, you fioe, I was promised; and I could uoC break my pro mise ; and you were proud and you held aloof and would uot Bay a word — ah, well, that is the bitterness of life ? ' The mental torture was more than mnu could bear ; he staggered towards the nearest bench and sat down there, holding her closer to him and trying to soothe her fevered imagination. Then the terrified nurse came flying with rugs and blankets, and these bhe quickly wound round the trembling fugitive, who had some dim notion of what was going on. Nay, she tried to express her thanks in a me-iry kind of way. 'Jennie's a' weefc, puir body,' siie said. 'Do jTou know tho old version, nurse ? But it's not with 'coming through the rye' 1 think I must have been in the river — perhaps —perhaps — and it is ao cold this morning— and I have given you so much trouble— I ask for your pardon ? ' Gilehrist had now got up again, with his precious charge folded to liiiu closer than ever. 'Mr. Gilehrist,' said the nurse anxiously, ' won't you let me carry her?' ' No, by God,' said he, 'nobody shall carry her but myself.' Hia lace was as white as death ; and his arms trembled ; buc he had great physical strength ; and thcro was not much fear for tho invalid. The worst of it was that this arrangement enabled him— com- pelled him, rather— to hear her whispered con fidences — conh'dences that tore his soul ; for it was impossible to doubt that all through these wandering phrases the girl was revealing tho secret of her life. 'You tee, Somerled — oh, my darling! — my love with the strong eyes ! — that you should have come back to me !— well, I used to go up the Castle Hill — and I us«d to look towards Ben Wyvis— and— and— think about Altna Traive, aud sometimes Tannahill's verse would come into my head. ' Och hey I Johnnie, lad; Ya'ro no sae kind's ye should hae been' — and then I thought that was most unworthy — 1 — I admired you all the more for your pride aud silence ; because— because you knew that I had givon my promise — didn't you ? Ah, but nuver a word— never a word from Alt na-Traive — and the long distance — and I am not complaining — oh, no, I ain not complain ing — I would rather ask for pardon — from any one I have done wrong to ? ' She sobbed a little — his heart heard hersobs. And here was her mother, at the end of the' small suspension-bridge. The poor woman could hardly speak. It was her affrighted vision that made its mute enquiry. And then she followed her daughter— she tho first, of course — though she could scarce put one foot before the other. With tremulous and useless fiDgers fine would endeavor to draw the blanket somewhat closer round Eelin's neck, or with her handkerchief sho would try to wipe away a few drops of water from the splendid blue-black hair. Sho was entirely distraught— aiie did not know what she was dointr— her eyes were blind. It was a long and roundabout way they had to come ; and again and again they offered him help; but the white-faced man would have none of it. And every word she spoke in that huihed, appealing voice was like a dagger. 'Oh, my love, my love,' she whispered, ' you have come for me at last, and all 1 wibh for is to lie in your arms for ever and ever — even in the grave. The ' Braes of Glenbraou1 were never for you aud me ; they were for happy people ; at least they wero happy for a time! — oh, i hope so — I hope so — even if there was a broken heart at the end ; but fur you and mo it's more like Kirkconuell — you re member what he said after his sweetheart was shot— his prayer was, 'And I in Eelin's arm lying, on fair Kirkccunell lea.' That was in the grave, you know. Well, why not? Tell me, Somerled of tho bravo eyes, aro you listening— are you listening to me?' 'Oh, yes, indeed,' he auswered, pnd he hoped his voice would not undeceive her. 'Wo shall soon be at the house now, and you'll be put to bed and get warm.' She thanked him over and over again, aud begged pardon for the trouble she was causin? ; nay, in a pitiful sort of fashion she seemed to think it was her duty in return for his kind ness to entertain him. 'You know, dearest heart, they used to laugh at me,' she said, with a fine pretence of cheerfulness. 'Ah, yes, they rlid. They used to say that none of mankind was good enough for me — because — because^ — well, no man has ever kissed me, and that is the truth. And Lily Neile she would often sing ' There waa anes a May — and she lo'ed na men— she — sho biggit her bounie bower— down i' yon glen'— i have forgotten the rest. But I never complained of their laughing— no, no; I waited to find my lord and master — and when I saw you and recognised you — I said to myself, ' Well, perhaps he will allow me to go into the fields to glean a little, aud I will be bis handmaiden if I should find favor in the sight of my lord.' And you commanded them to let fall some of the handfuis— ah, did you uot I — did you not ! — when I was doing small things here and there for Kinvaig and Glengarva. Thy handmaiden — thy hand maiden — ah, yes, willingly— willingly — but tho fields and the sheaves were so far away — when 1 went on to the Castle Hill I could* not Bee them because of Ben Wyvis. Yes, and when I was seated on one of tho benches an old gentleman came up and said — 'Tell me, young lady, why aro you crying so?' I pretended I was not crying at all — that the distance to Ben Wyvis strained the eyesight ; and when he went away I fell to cryinar again— but what was the use — what was the use — the sheaves were so distant and the handmaiden — not able — not able to bow down before her lord ? ' And yet again she tried to talk more cheer fully — in those hushed, hurried sentences ? ' Gilehrist has been so kind to me — so kind —so kind and considerate. I think 1 must ask for his pardon. I was never to him what a sweetheart should be — I suppose not — ac- cording to the old songs — and he nover once remonstrated— well, you see, we were so much engaged in our small literary plans and schemes — that was a. kind uf safoguird, no doubt. But— but — but wliun my Jord of the strong eyes has come for his handmaiden, Gilehrist will set me free from the literary partner.ihip — nil I 1 know him — i know him — a,il the. way thro igl: it has been whatever I might wish— and some day — I wili learn liow to thank him. I Lo managed to get the swathed figure over or through the turnstile: ; and the .'till mur- | muring to him. They weie now close by Glcugarva, House. The weeping women had rushed forward to have the. gate wide open. 'And Soinirled— oh, my own, my own !' sho Bail). '' You know we must try to do something for Archie Gilehrist when he goes av/iiy to London to fight the great hght. Ay, and he will not fail. Ho will not fail. I know him. If all the Assassin;) Club were: confronting him, brea.st to breast, his lie'nt arm would send tho whole? crew of backl/irer* S'.viiiying to Ilia wall. And we .'-hall hear uf him -and read of him— oh, it is Mich a wonder ful thing; to have won the praise of tho wcrld —and tl.-j affections of so many people — in ilitieic-nt c.'. outvie i— all over the ;;io!ju to have friends and v.V:lwisli' is who aio grateful to you — oh, ye--, a ui;u'vi:]inus thiu^ — yes, and so fe'.v attain tiuit — nut 1 know ho will — ho will —he h.-'.s (lie su-en-lh — ho li:is tiio width of outlook— oh, yes— hu will- he will — win to it. Do you know, Someilud, that he once called in-j the 'belle dame sans ni'.ivi'— and I was to HO ' tiiiiyiutJ e-u my way,' Ah, but 1 was never one of that krnd. And I would have kept my promise— only— only^-that my head has no6 been so well lately ; and if you see GilchriBt, will you tell him that I ask his pardon ; what ever happens, he is tho one to forgive mo, sure I am of that ? ' He w,oa taking her up tho £ravelli:.I path way, and p'he seemed to have sMne confused idea that she was nearin? home. 'Sonierled-'-Somerled,' t-.lm momied, 'I am wishing to please you, buc my w.iv is not what it was— something on the Inup I could play for you if you hkn the old airs. Not the 'Braes of Glenbraon '-- oh, no, not the 'Braes of Glonbraon1— for thiiv «m unliuppi ness there — oh, my heart i* i iko to break when I hear tho ' Braes of (.J!e:i!naon' — I I know all theOiainna'ii-Aliiiiiniv— and anyone that would please you — lor 1 am worry to be giving you so much uo'.iUt.--- i. a.-k for your pardon — I ask for your panlfiii ? ' lie carried Uvr to her ru'Un and left tho women folk to attend to her ; then he went down into the hall and took a chair there) ; his face waa like the face of a dead man. Nor did they altogether neglect him. After a short while Jane, the parlormaid, came run ning to ask whether he would not have some tea, or hot soup, or brandy, but he only said, 'No, thank you— no, thank you' to these friendly suggestions. And Morag, tho Mull lass— her face 'sair begrutten' not knowing what else she could do — brought cloths to wipe away the water from his ankles and feur. 'Morag, my dear,' ho said to her in Gaelic, 'it is kind of you, but it is not necessary; could you not be some service upstairs ?' And then the doctor arrived, and with a curt nod of recognition passed Gilehrist and went on ; tho case was too urgent to permit of formalities. The shivering, white-faced younj; man got up and began to interest him self with the stags' horns ranged along the wall. Oli, yes, there were some ^ood heads — some fine royals, with admirable cups— only that his eyes did not seem to convey any per manent impression to his brain. Undoubtedly there wero excellent heads, he Btrove to con vince himself — brow, bay, and tray, all admir able—and likewise there were 6trange mon strosities too, quite worthy of inspee-tion ; aud he tried to observe them by way of parsing the tittle, and he thought he saw them- -but all the while his heart was listening for the first foot fall on the carpet of the stairway. 'My good friend,' Baid the doctor, when he came down, 'you ought not to be here at all. You ought to be in bed. You are shaking as if with the palsy. No wonder, perhaps. But come away, 1 will drive you home ? ' 'The news, doctor, the news — what do you think ?' the younger man exclaimed. He was hustled into the brougham and the doctor followed. ' You'll have) to get home at once and drink some hot spirits and go to bed — for I don't want another patient on my hands just at pre sent ? ' 'But — but — your opinion— what do you think of her?' he asked, in a frenzied fashion, as they drove otf ; he paid little attention to his own shiverings and sho-kinga. 'Oh, well,' said tho doctor cautiously, 'such a shock to the system, in the middle of hijrh fever, isseriousenough — yes, undoubtedly, very serious — very bad. But who knows? she has youth and strong health on her side— never any young lady I have known was stronger in her health than Miss Eelin Macdonald. Yes, yes, I have been privileged to look on her swimming, in heavy water, too; and I've seen her rowing— the ease and grace of the stroke just admirable ; aud I've seen her throw a salmon-iine — and who is there, man or woman, who can throw a better ?— and all these things help— they heip to build up a constitution ; and she has all along been as strong as a young colt— and she may pull through anything. But it is you I have to deal with at present ; and you are going home and going to bed.' Archie Gilehrist went home, but he did nob go to bod. When he had changed his clothes lie made straight for the office.of the Invcrnisk Observer. 'Grieve,' said be to the sub-editor, 'will you look after things for the next day or two? I may not be back ? '' 'But what's the matter?' said Grieve. 'You look very ilL' 'Ah, that's nothing: — that's nothing,' he said. ' If you would open letters and attend to affairs generally for a day or 60 — I am leaving by the middle-day train for Lairg — and the drive to Alt-na-Trnive is long ? ' 'But, Gilehrist, you don't seem fit to travel anywhere !' his comrade remonstrated. 'Oh, yes, I can manage,' he said. ' I can manage. I am not made of sugar and salt. And you'll look after everything while I am away, won't you? and if there's any serious news you might telegraph to Alt-na-Traive — only— only I shall be back soon.' Chaiteb L. — Two Lovers. The young editor of the Invernith Observer had become) quite a known personage in the tcwu ; the railway porters touched their caps to him ; the stationmaster, obliging us ever, hurried to see if he could find a compartment for him; and so he set forth. Little indeed of that journey could he afterwards recall. He must have looked out on the lapping waters of tho Cromarty Firth — and on the wider sea-range up Dornoch way — and on the wooded heights by the Kyle of Sutherland ; he must have seen them, no doubt ; and yet without seeing them. He had come upon the strangest errand ever undertaken by mortal man. He could not shape his thoughts about it ; it was too difficult. Besides that his brain was tortured by a recurrent phrase — '1 ask for your pardon — I ask for your pardon.' That sho — she — the beautiful clear-souled one — that she should be piteously asking pardon of all mankind — she who had never a though*. . of harm for any human creature, but quite the other way ; she who wished to do well to every oue— who was benignaut, and generous, aud kind to all around her — but especially if you happened to bi- poor — or abashed — or unfitted for her notice; this was a bewildering thinjf. The proud and radiant young lass, why should sho havo become so humble ; why should she beg for forgiveness from all tho world. Well, it was not much of that journey that in after days Archie Gilehrist could bring back to hia mind. Tho evenings were drawing iu now ; he resolved to pass the night at Lairfr, instead of driving on through the dark to Alt-na-Traive ; indeed, he was not, in a hurry ; lie knew he had to formulate certain things in his own min-.l befiire tlif.1 o')j?ct of his mission could be iie-complibherl, and a few sleepless hours would serve. At eliimer, iu the co-iee-ioo.i', he was t,o fortunate as to make the acquaintance of two clergymen who proved to be. of a most genial temperament ; they beguiled the soli tude (for they aud ho were tho only ^uost.-s the touriatswiion being quite over) they beguiled their enforced solitude with many m---rry taies and recit;tld cf extraordinary experiences, chiefly connected with trolling for siilmo ferox ; nor did they monotonously eonfiuo themselves to fisiiin;r: urr were (.hey very atraitlacod about their j.'.;-.::s ; for example, wb.cn one of thfm told the story of a Scotch elder who said to hia minister, 'No, no, minister, ye nuedna warn mo against thu bin o' swicii-i: it's a bad tiling, suverin ; I eliiina ^vir ; I wou'.dua pweer : but sonielimes l'vii bi;:ii chuuued near it'— well, - j ili.-in.-ift could only pior.:;iy hope that the fablo was new — pet haps it was even 0 true1. Thru when the. brothers of thu church, ' l:i-.d retired to the smoking-room he went out side. There! was a full moon clear in the cloudless l,e.iven% but also there wore mter vcuinrt tre'e.3, slirre-d by a li^ht northerly wind, so that the swaying branches cut the luminous circle into multitudinous jagged and dazzling stars and planets that, oliono nnd scintilated euddciiiy tfere and there through the thick dark foliage. He would have liked Wild Eelin to have described this thing in one of her discursive, frolicsome, but minutely obser vant papers. Then ho walked down to the side of the lake. It was a great breath of mystic gray, with suc cessive promontories, black as jet, appearing at receding distances, until, in the extreme west, the moonlight caught a bay of calm, and there was a bold scimiUr-swoep of silver under the lnrchwoods and thu spectral hills. If oniv Eelin could have seen it, to write about it, and make it for ever vivid ! He: walke.l along to the weir and stood and listened to the half-hushed hurrying1 voice, und ho tried to make out if this or that one of Kelin's songs— any one of them— brave and valiant, or pitiful with tho niiaei-y of bygone unhappy folk— could be heard through the con fused nocturnal accompaniment. He stood and listened and listened, and tried to detect the sound of her voice, as often he had heard it. Was it'Logie o' Buchan, O Lojrie the laird, they hac taen awa Jauiio that delved in the yaird'— or was it 'The auld Stuarts back again' — or was it something about 'Glenlin, and Dunoon, and Loch Striven V' For she had becomo afraid of ' Tho braes of Glenbraon' — and ' Kirkconnell Lea' was too suggestive of the grave. Ah, it was not 'And yo'll tak the high road, and I'll tak the laigh, and I'll be in (Scotland before ye, but me and my true love will novtr meet again.' He stood and listened, and tried to make out the faint echo of Eelin's voice, but he quite failed. It was the water kelpie's voice that answered him, and that only said 'Eelin'— and 'Eelin' and 'Eelin' in tones of unutterable sadness and farewell. For indeed his senses had got somewhat distracted ; it was the one love of his life he was thinking of— the impetuous splendid young creature that for a while ho somehow seemed to have gained for himself — and to-morrow ho was going to give her away to another man. Next morning broke fine and still, with hoar frost : that is to say, under the long-stretching shadows of the shrubs the grass was of a cold prey, but out in the open, where the sunlight fell, it was of a warm goldrn green, the innu merable tiny spi-ars glittering with diamonds of orange and dancing blue. He had ordered a waggonette to be waiting for him ; when he went to the hotel door he did not notice that for a second the driver glanced at him, or rather at his costume, in an odd sort of way. lie took his place and told the man to go on. ' It's rather cold this morning,' he said in & perfunctory fashion. 'Ay, sir, it ia that,'' replied tho driver, 'and it will be colder when wo get up to (Jrask, for the wind's off the hill*;.' And so they left the pleasant neighborhood of Loch Shin — with its islands and yellow pro montories and its plantations all basking in Mie sun, and by-and-bye they emerged upon the vast and bare moorland that now had a touch of snow on it. Nay, as they got up to the higher altitudes the great expanse became of a solid white — a white as solid as the shoulders of I5en Armin, that scorned to reign over this desolate and silent realm. Here and there a robust clump of heather had shaken itself free and stood black-brown on the edge of the knoll: but small individual features of that kind did not interfere with the general character of the landscape, that seemed to have hushed itself to sleep under a spotless shroud. There was not the whir of a bird's wing in all the voiceless waste. And so tho horses coiled on up the lonely ?Strath Tony, with Ben Clebrig showing him self against the northern skies, and Gilchrist was lost in sombre meditation until a remark from the driver startled him out of his reverie. ' They're ciming, sir,' the man said. 'Who are coining :' 'The funeral.' He looked along the road, or the faint in dications of a road, and far away he saw a small black procession — the tinest black dot it was— coming into the spacious, white, solitary world, i ,' liut whose funeral ':' he asked again. 'Mr. Macdonald, that was at Altna Traive,' the man answered in obvious astonish ment. 'The old gentleman — was you not hearing of it, sir 7' 'Why did they not tell me at Lairg?' Gilchrist demanded. ' We thought it was for the funeral you came through, sir ; and no one would be liking to speak to you about it. Will 1 go off the road':'— for Highlanders do not care to meet a funeral. 'No, no,' Gilchrist responded sharply. ' Keep to the road ; but when the funeral comes up then you can give them plenty of room to go by ; and if Mr. Somerled Mac donald wishes to speak to me, he can either do that or pass on, just what ho chooses.' The tiny black procession coming into the white moorland consisted merely of the hearse and one mourning carriage and the mourning carriage had but one occupant. When he saw that this was Archie Gilchrist whom he had encountered, Somerled Macdonald ordered the drivers to stop and Gilchrist got down and went across. ' This is very sad — and sudden,' he said. ' Well, not .so sudden,' Somerled answered. 'I had been warned by the doctor. And not so sad either. He died full of years and honor und the greatest honor conferred upon him was the kindness of the ladies of Kinvaig. He had no expectation of any such thing when we came to tliia country — oh, no, none — for he was not j a presuming man— and their reception of him : and their continued friendliness towards him— became the crowning joy of his life. Well, both mother and daughter will find she ' has not been ungrateful. Mi~s Eelin ; will find she has not been forgotten. But 1 j am detaining you and it is cold up here. You i are going on to Alt-na-Trai\e ':' j 'No,' Gilehrist answered in great embar rassment. ''My mission was to see you, but ' in these circumstances ? ' j 'How can any tiling be altered':' Somerled , Macdouald taid in his direct fashion. 'If you are .Q-oiii^ back to Lairs I'iKQ a scat in this j carriage and let your wagonette follow. Then i you c:m toll nio ;it your li.-i-.ure.' I Gil.jlirist accepted tin-. :-.iwgestion— und yet ' with some apology. 'If 1 had known,1' ho said, as they continued ' on their way, '1 should have come in proper : clothes. But then: was no intimation of any kind ? ?' i ' No,I? said his companion, 'I will arrange' about the newspaper announcements when 1 | pet to the Invornish — it will bn more certain I there than writing from a remote hamlet like ] Alt-na- Traive. Still, I wonder you have j not heard, for I sent a note to Glengarva House ? ' ' 'At Glengarva House,' Gilehrist said ' slowly, '1 do not think they are openin' ? letters just now.' The strong refined features of the other man grew suddenly ashen grev. 'What is that you mean':' he said at once. And then Gilehrist told him all tho tale that j ho had in a kind of way prepared and arranged ' in sequence ; and he went on to defend his own position, and why ho had come on this jour ney — not knowing of tho funeral. For a while Somerled Macdunald .sate silent. The clear, ] brown, contemplative oyes looked troubled ; j there was no other sign. At length he said ' What the doctor told you about her splendid constitution i.s everything?} clearly that is what ho rulies upon ; and when she has . pulled through and become her natural self again it will bo time enough to talk about me. JNo, there will be no talk about me, Tuoplu iu delirium take wild fancies ; and all these rambling references to the Castle hill and Ben Wyyis mean— just nothing at all.' Gilchrist shook his head. 'You may think what you like,11 he said, ' but I know. The story she told me— mis- taking me for you — was too consecutive. The secret sho had kept hidden whs no longer a secret when she thought she was talking to you.' And then after a while Sumerled Macdonald said — ' Why did you come to tell me all this— you who are engaged to be married to her':' 'I could have concealed it, no doubt,' Gilchrist answered calmly. 'And probably when the fever goes she may have forgotten that she made these revelations. And she would keep her promise to me, 1 am certain of that ; yes, I am certain of that. But then I should be a dishonored man. And it is not for Eelin Macdonald to pass her life with a dishonored man.' 'You are making a great sacrifice,' said the other absently. 'Only — only— how can ono trust to what is said in delirium ':' 'I do not ask you,' Gilchrist answered. 'But when she is quite out of this illness, you must go to her, and you must tell her from me that she is free — yes, yes, quite freo to choose wherever her wish may fall — and then you may beliove tho story she confided to me when I was carrying her from the islands to Glen garva House. And she will have no difficulty j in understanding why you should present your- ' self before her. Well she knew what the thousand 'pounds meant. :- 'The thousand pounds!'1 said Somerled Macdonald. 'Tho thousand pounds ! When I would have the skin of both my hands flayed to make a lacing- string for her shoe '.' And so they went on through the wide, white, silent wilderness until they reached Lairg station, where the coriin was transferred, j while they passed on to one of the usual com partments. They were pretending to talk about ordinary things — about the green of the firs showing through the snow — about the re moval of the nets from the Kyle ot Suther land—about the letting of Langwell Lodge — and so forth ; but perhaps their thoughts were elsewhere. Archie Gilchrist, for example, was conscious that in due time they would get down to Ding well ; and ho knew of au old silver haired dame there who now would probably never see Eelin Macdonald and never under stand. how near he had been to winning for him self the proud-eyed, proud-stepping daughter of the House of Kinvaig. When they arrived at Invernish there was another necessarily tedious transference of the coffin and Archie Gilchrist would have had his companion drive out with him to hear the latest tidings of the poor invalid. But Mac donald declined. 'Xo,' he said, 'until I have seen my father laid in that small churchyard in Glengarva, I must do nothing else. And indeed,' he added with some delicacy, 'I was wonder ing whether you might not have gone on with me ? ' 'And In as thinking of it, too,' said Gil christ, 'for i know it is just what Eelin her self would wish. Only I must get news of her; and 1 will jump ir.to a cab and see if 1 can intercept the doctor anywhere; j and then 1 will go borne for a couple \ of seconds to get into proper eiothes, and I shall bo back here before you are ready to start. And meanwhile you must get some- j thing to -;at ; it'.s a lor.fr way to Glengarva, I and there is the Station Hotel — if you go into ! the coffee-room 1 sha!l join you in a few ! minutes ? :l | In a very short time he was back ; the sub dued gladness of his face was its own report. , Somerled Macdonald held out his hand and it was grasped. ' j 'It ib well,' Somerled said (with the grave ' eyes burning), ' i can see it is well.' i 'Yes, yes,' said the other, 'the news is good. But i could not find die doctor ; 1 chanced to come, across the night-nurse, who was out for her usual walk, and she thought ! that Miss Eelin was going on (irst-rate, in spite j of the tremendous trial. Oh, yes, her tone was confident, if it was cautious ; and I think that ' some of us may yet hear Eelin Macdonald ! sing ' The braes of Glenbraon' — no, no, not : that one— she seemed to have a fear of that one ' — but any of her other songs — 'O, heard yo ; yon pibroch' — or 'Sweet sir, for your courtesie' ? ' j He turned away, and looked round the big i diuing-hall. He professed to be interested iu the question as to whetiier^the stags' antlers displayed along the cornice were real or manu factured. And when he came back to tho small table that Somerled Macdonald had en gaged he asked whether the latest telegrams had come in about the Forfarahire election. Macdonald's firm eyes were not to bo deceived. He said to himself, 'Here's a man whose heart is broken by the bitter stroke of fate ; and in all God's universe what atonement can be made to him for that ': No, nor may one even offer a furtive word of sympathy.' Thereafter they resumed their journey ; and as their route lay along tho east bank of tho river they came within sight of the islands, and on the opposite side of the stream the red house with its black araucaria, its cedars, and its yellowed elms and limes. The sunlight was on the place and all seemed happy and quiet. 'Do yuu sfie that open gate?' said Gilchrist — for the eyes of both men were fixed on the same Epot. '1 know it.' 'Ah, but some day the drive; will not be so empty as it is now. You will find Eelin Mac donald come swinging along, with the joy of youth in her free way or walking, and the joy of youth in her greeting to this one and that, j Look, they have left the crate open. Do you understand what that is for? Why, when she j comes out for her Hist stroll she will not be , impeded. And of eour.-.e .Jane will be there j when the carriuce conies out from the town ; j and Morag will have plenty of ru;js ; and 1 shouldn't wonder, when the Luidau goes by, if General Malluck were to hurry down Iu t!ie front to wave a glad congratulation to her. 1 I can make out the whole picture, and I don't ' wonder that tin- servants come running down i to tho corner of the pathway to i-.ee her off should bo crying with delight, fur .Miss Eeliu J had a triclc of making many friends, both ; gentle and simple, and when she firat goes into j Invernish after her illness the word will be passsed round, and many a one will come out to shake hands with her and say .something i kind to her. Oh, yes, she had tho way ui ' making friends ? ' 'Gilehrist,' said hi.j companion, not with out a certain anxiety, 'do you know you i have wrought yourself into a terrible pitch of excitement ; and unless you quiet down something may happen ? The' last news is good news ; what more could you wish for? Now tell me how it was you chanced to be out here so early the morning sho dashed herself into the river!'' 'Oh, well,' said Archie Gilchrist— and the ; question did in a muisino recall him to his | senses — though these were disturbed enough — '1 generally come out here about daybreak ; the place is so quiet ; and I bring my books ' and 'papers witli me and get on a little bit j with my work. And indeed I was so much i engaged with tiiefe things that when I saw her come down to the c.lgu of tho river at that time of the morning I thought it was merely sone phantasm of the brain — a. ghost — a white ghost — whi'.-h I could get rid of by shutting my eyes. But when she splashed into the stream, then I knew. It has always been her ambition to swim through the Devil's Kirn up to tho weir ; and there were the women come shrieking down from the house, and I knew. Via, I kuuw. And i knew what the end must be, and I waited on the bank until the swing of the current carried her down, and then I went in and got hold of her.' 'Otherwise she would have been drowned ?' said his neighbor, with downcast eyes. 'Her strength was far spent,' was the answer. And then the straightforward eyes looked up again. ' You love this girl quite to distraction,' s&id; Soraerled Macdonald, 'and she has pro mised to marry you. And you have just saved her life. Yet you seem to suggest that I should take her away from you on account of a few words spoken in delirium. My friend, even if there wore any such impossible possibility, I am not a coward hound.' (To be continued.) 