RHVIMWS. " Tom Ossington's Ghost," which Mr. James Howden issues as a number of his colonial library, is one of Mr. Richard Marsh's characteristic stories, partaking in a measure of his usual detective bent of plot, but having also a more serious weird side that is very impressive and decidedly interesting. The- narration of the fate which befel the erring wife and the false friend is powerfully depicted, and though there is a certain incongruity in the mixture of the natural and the mystic, the effect is vividly dramatic. The loves of the hardworking sisters form a calm, effective background to the more serious intent of the little book. by the same author is the Ward Lock publication, also a cheap colonial edition, "The Datchet Diamonds," a less pre- tentious story, in which intentional and accidental appropriation of the wonderful jewels are mixed up in very amusing fashion. This accidental holder certainly gets a good deal bothered about his novel possession, and is involved in not a little danger from the same cause, but on the whole the story is a most amusing one, and in its entirety it is capital reading. The Pall Mall Magazine for July contains a further article on the evolution of comfort in railway travelling, and another of Mr. Holt Schooling a statistical paper on "Crime." Naval Problems to be solved in the War is another good paper. Tlielietion and poetry are bright and lively, and the whole number is profusely illustrated in the most finished style of art. THE HABIT OF HEALTH. If we think of soap As a means of cleanliness only, even then PEARS'' SOAP- IS a matter of course. It is the only body that is all soap and nothing but soap no free fat nor free alkali in it. But what does cleanliness lead to It lands to a wholesome boa by and mind to clean thoughts: to the habit of health; to manly and womanly beauty. Pure Soap PEARS" SOAP Pon THE BLOOD is THE LIFE." CLARK ICf WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE is war ranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities (from whatever cause arising, for Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema. Skin and Blood Diseases, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Sold In bottles, 2s. 9d. and 11s. each, by Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Sole Proprietors TEC Lntoour are MOLEMD OOUNTIM Dana Co, Lincoln, England, 