[COPYRIGHT.] DAYS OF DANGER. Thrilling Narratives of the Bushranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE, IN FIVE PARTS.' PERIOD, 1846. PART II. 'Iftheso trees could only talk,' mur mured Keenan, ' what a great deal more wo should know. That big fellow could tell us all about the poor wretch beside it. At any rate, he couldn't have died of thirst,' he went on as he waded a small creek to continue his work. ' There is water enough about here to swim a ship if it was all gathered together. They say thirst is the worst kind of death to meet, but I BuppoBe it's all the same in the end. It might have been hunger, though that's not very likoly, as there is a little food about hero-if one can only get hold of it. Surely we've given it a Ohristian burial ns well as we could, though it would have been all the better for the priest. We can't help that .now. I sed a prayer myself over the relics, and we are tould the prayers of a good man availetli much. Confound that sprig 1 Oh, the curse of Cromwell on it 1 'Tib fifiy feet long, an' sure I've bin cuttin' nt it for five minutes. Are you there, Weston ?' This was about 1 he burthen of Keenan's soliloquies during the day. He kept Weston well at hiind, and if the latter's axe failod to indicate his whereabouts the Irishman Boon hailed him. The particu lar part of the district where the body had been found was the worst which the surveyors had so far encountered, and slow progress was made. Every day or so the camp, which was . well equipped, was Bhifted nearer to the terminus of the track, and on the day following the gruesome discovery it was carried to a point not fifty yards from the monster stringy-bark tree, beneath which the bones were laid. The men as a body were not atvall superstitious. Except the leader and Keenan, who, like Richard the Third, were more afraid of shadows at night than the substance of ten thousand men, the others would as soon face a ghost as run away from it. Tiiia was a fuct which did much to ensure the harmony of the camp and stamp Edwards's party as the best for rough wild work in the colony of Van Dieman's Laud. During the day Keenan was a ghost in himself, but at night the cry of the curlew seemed to him a repetition of the Banshee'B wailing, and he allowed imag ination to unsurp the place of reason. The usual practice of a surveyor's camp is to have one regular cook, but in Edwards's this rule was departed from, and Walsh, Jones, and Keenan took week about at the work. It so happened that the week -follow ing tho discovery of the skeleton was Keenan's turn to act as chef, and like everything else he did -it well. Un fortunately for him he was alone a con siderable portion of the day, and the camp was in tho immediate vicinity of the ' grave tree,' as the men termed it. Qis comrades were always in sound of the camp, and in nino cases out of ten roturned before dark, but frequently not until after twilight had set in. It was on the evening of 7tli May that Michael Keenan received the shock which was so acutely felt that ho deter mined to sever his connection with the party and leave the service of the government. True, he was partly dis suaded from doing so, but he managed, by the way he worked, to have the whole party transferred to another por tion of the colony, a course which pleased all the men. Evan Edwards's supersti- 1 tion materially assisted towards that. The sun had set and the gloom of night was fast approaching. The deep shadows momentarily growing darkor were creeping over the scene, nnd never before had Keenan folt the indescribable lonliness and solitude of the place. 1 By Heavens 1 I should go mad if I had to spend twenty-four hours in this locality by myself. It would be worse thnn death,' he murmured. Never before had he bo'missed the comfort of human companionship, and though he busied himself in making pre parations for his comrades' dinner-for the principal meal was in the evening he could not Bhake off the deep depres sion which, like a nightmare, set upon him. 'It's time they came, anyhow,' he murmured, walking from the cheerful looking fire on which tho camp-oven swung, and going to the side of the track which ran past the spot. Of course the first object on which his eyes rested was the giant tree which formed, so to speak, the mammoth obelisk which marked the Unknown's grave, and as he looked he devoutly crossed himself. A few yards beyond the tree the track gave a sudden turn to the west, and he was aboat turning away in disappointment when a figure turned the corner of living vegetation. .'That's Edwards, thank goodness. The others won't be far behind. Well, everything is ready, at all events,' he Baid aloud, as if it were something sooth ing he gazed on the approaching figure. In a few seconds tho man was at the foot of the tree eagerly scanning around it, and as Keenau looked an indefinable feeling of horror tilled his heart. His supposed chief waB none other than tho ghost of tho buried corpse. There was tho bald head, and as he turned and searched about, the Irishman fancied he could see the Bear across the forehead and the sinister look. Yet it was not quite the same, for a long beard now overgrew tho face. Keenan was a bravo man except where the supernatural was concerned, and for the life of him he could not move from the spot he stood on, and hiB tongue refused to act. Each moment he became more than ever convinced that it was no living man, but the phantom of the bones-or rather the ghost of the photo graph-which he was looking on. It moved about noiselessly and seemed to be hunting for its miaaing skeleton, for it went down on its kneeo and ex amined the ground moat minutely. Then it went to the grave and back on to the track in a few seconds. After again examining the particular Bpot where the bones had lain, the object sprang up noiselessly and silently plunged into the dense bush towards the west, holding a skin cap in its hand, and most clearly revealing the bald head. A few momenta later Edwards, Jones, Weaton, and Walsh came into sight, and gavo a cheerful coo-eo aa a aaluto to the cook. It remained unanswered, and when in a couple of minutes the four men came up, Keenan was standing rigid in the aamo spot and looking as if indeed he had seen a ghost. ' What on earth i» the matter, Mike ? Are you struck dtimb or petrified? What the deuce is the mailer, 1 say?' aake>l Edwards. For answer Keenan turned his head in u stiff sort of a way aa though he wore a Marionette and worked by springs, and gazod with wide-open eyes on Ilia chief. 'Is there anything amies, Miko? I hope you haven't got lock-jaw or any thing like that. What is the matter?' queried Edwards again. 1 I've seen it,' was tho short reaponae gasped out. ' What do you mean by it? Tall us what you mean. You haven't seen a ghost, I suppose,' asked Edwards. ' Yes, I have. I've soen the ghost of the man we buried at the foot of the big tree there, just now. It ran away when you came along,' answered Keenan in a feeble voice. A loud peal of laughter from Weston, Jones, and Walsh greeted this state ment, but Edwards remained asailentas the Btricken Keenan, and asked for further information. ' I'm going to be a dead man soon, I know. Anyono who sees a sight like that never lives long,' groaned Keenan. ' I tell you, I saw the ghost of that skeleton there not five minutes ago. I came here to see if you were coming, and a moment or two afterwards it came into Bight there at the bend. Going to the troe just at the Bpot we found the bones, it began to search about, and even went on its knees. It looked at the grave once and then searched again, but ran awiiy when you came along.' ' Ban away, oh ? Ran away I That's good for a ghoBt. You should say it melted or floated away, Mike. Ghosts don't run away, you know,' interjected Jones most irreverently. ' Here, what have you got for dinner, Miko 1 Not phantoms, 1 hope. We want something more substantial than that, 1 can tell you,' added Weston with a laugh. 'AsBUreasI'm standing afore you I am telling the truth. Thore it was with the great bald head and the scar across the forehead, only there waB a beard over tho face. It held a fur cap in its hand, so I could easily see tho head,' retorted Mike with conviction. ' But ghosts don't grow beards, so far as 1 know,'replied Jones with a merry laugh. ' You forget that at the time the photo, waa taken the man was shaved, as wu can see there, but at the time of death the beard would most likely have grown. In fact, in a locality like this, you will not find many barber's shops,'and bushnien do not carry razors. In fact, Keenan, your description would be juab what I would expect the original of that photo, to develope into beforedeath,'remarked Evan Edwards in a half convinced w»y. The three other men did not care to openly rally their chief on the subject, but they exchanged smiles and meaning glances with each other and went towards the fire in order to make pre parations for the meal, aa they could aee Keenan and Edwards were deeply inter ested in the apparition which had so unexpectedly appeared to disturb the harmony of the party. Keenan continued to impress on the willing ears of His chief what he had seen, and the surveyor began to believe his statemeutH as firmly as if he himself had seen the spectre. Indeed, the ordinary reader of to-day who may chance to notice this aB he sits in his snug and cosy drawing-room with his family around and police within call, may venture to scoff at Keenan's fears aa utterly absurd and improbable. Yet Borne of the brighteat intellects of the day are banded together in Paychological Research So cieties to try and discover the origin of the mysterious phenomena by which man ia admittedly aurrounded. And let that sceptical reader place himself in Keenan's position. The Irishman had observed a figure which resembled the photo, found beside the skeleton. There was r.o doubt of that, and it was subsequently proved. Moreover, the surroundings were awe inspiring. The solitude, the wildness the death of day-all conspired to in fluence the human mind. Both Edwards and Keenan had been brought up to believe in folk lore, in fairies, in banshees, and ghosts. It had seized on their minds, and deeply rooted as it was, there could not be a doubt they both believed-one in the evidence of hia aenses-the other in the evidence given by hia friend, and on whom he could rely. In a Bort of mechanical way Keenan assisted to lay the rough but substantial dinner, and his mates seeing the look of perturbation and deep seriousness which overspread his face, forbore to amuse themselves at hia expense. Yet they were utterly sceptical on the subject. Not in the remotest sense could they imagine such a thing aB a ghost possible. Like Thomas of old, nothing but the evidence-the visible and tangible evi dence of their own senses-would con vince them. It was shortly after the meal that Keenan, who kept cloae to his comrades and occasionally glanced round fearfully, said: ' I am going to leave to-morrow, sir. I couldn't stay another day, for the place ia haunted, and I know I'm marked. We want aome more stores. The corn beef is nearly run out, and there's only a week's flour. If you give me.tho order I'll get them sent on and another man in my place.' This was quite unexpected and moBt unwelcome news for all the party. Keenan was a univeraal favourite, and the idea of hiB leaving them was tantamount to breaking up the camp altogether. Before the chief, who waa in a very ailent mood, could reply, Weston aaid : ' You surely don't mean that, Miko. If you go 1 wouldn't care to remain, but if it's the fear of ghoats that's driving you away, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go and sleep at tho foot of the ' grave tree' for the next week every night to let you see it ia all folly about wraiths and pliantomB and such like.' 'So will I,' interjected Jones. 'I'll do the Bame. There's nothing in it nt all. Bosh 1 Ghosts, indeed I I would like to see one, or half a dozen, for that matter.' Walsh added his news on the question, which waB of a similar nature, but"1 none of the arguments had the leaat effect on Keenan, and Edwards rather put the veto on their proposals when he Baid : ' It's no use you talking like that. Of course ghosts don't appear to everyone. It is only certain people that are privi ledged to see them, and it is always a bad sign for that perBon. "I've made up my mind not to stop here any longer. Wo have done pretty well in this locality, and (lie Government should relieve UB. I will ask for a few months' spell of work in a settled district where we can get proper food and not be buried alive. To morrow morning wo will break up enrnp and return to the depot.' This resolution was a very iibruptone, but nono of tho men "objected to it. Indeed, non-sceptical as thoy were, Jones, Walsh, and Weston agroed that it would bo unwise to dostroy the belief in ghosts which possessed the mind of thoir chief. Tho trio were just as anxious as the two spectro-haunted men to ex change thoir wild rough lifo for the same kind of work in tho settled parts. Already they had been four months in the north-west district, and they could fairly claim a change. Well, you should know best, sir,' spoke Weston artfully, when EdwardB hud concluded.' ' It may be as you say, and, of course, because 1 have never seen a ghost, it is no argument that none exist. I quite agree with what you say.' Tho other two sceptics wore also con vinced that the locality might indeed be haunted, and in a few minutes there waa quito a unanimous feeling in favour of going away from the ill-fated spot at onco. That night Walsh, Jones, and Weston took it in turns to watch, for Edwards and Keenan appeared to be in mortal dread of a spectral visit. In the morning Jonea reported that ho fancied he saw a shadow moving round and round the big tree, but ho was too much afraid to investigate tho cause of the appearance. Hu furthermore de voutly thanked heaven that Edwards and Keenan hud not accepted his offer to sleep under tho tree. Tim report only hastened preparations for departure. Before leaving, .WalBh, Jones, and Weston made a careful examination of the grave and its vicinity, and sure enough they found indications that some animal or other had been about tho place. The soft earth of tho mound had been partly trodden down and the tracks were much larger .than any animal in the region could make. Indoed, they were not unlike the imprint of a man's foot if it were wrapped in clqth or in Bkin, and the three men began to believe that Keenan hnd really seen some object. ' I have it,' exclaimed Weston, after a few minutes. ' There haB been an aboriginal about here. Seeing the track he would come along it, and noticing the grave would no doubt examine it. That is what has frightened Keeiian, but we mustn't say ao or they may stop here some time longer. 'The blacks don't put anything on their feet or wear akin caps,' remarked Jones. . ' The few that are left may do so, for they are partly civilised, and besides Keenan was in such a fright he would be likely to mistake what he really saw,' said Weston. 'And the bald head. I never saw an aboriginal with a bald head unless tho fellow were scalped,' added Walsh. ' I tell you those things only existed in Keenan's imagination. The moment he snw the figure of course he concluded it must "bo rlio ghost of the dead man. You may depend when that came into his mind he would not be able to think of anything else. Who else but. a black and a stray one at that-would come about here. The action, too, is just what a black would adopt. Seeing tho newly turned earth in the dusk he would stoop to examine tho place, and of course run away when ho heard or Baw us coming along tho track,'protested Weston. Qis contention seomed reasonable enough, and as it waa the only probable explanation of the mystery, it WHS then and there adoptod by the three sceptics. On their return to camp, however, they greatly impressed Edwards and Keenan by a narration of what they had found. The tracks, they said, were sucb us no human being in tho life would make, and there was no animal on the whole of Van Diemnn's Land that could leave such impressions. Something uncanny hud happened they were convinced, and the sooner the party cleared away the better it would be. The two pack-horses had already been loaded, and by nine o'clock Edwards and htB party were turning their faces to the east after their four months exile in the north-western wilds. Many a curious glance was cast back at t he haunt ed spo', and it was hours before the big stringy bark disappeared from view. The party had really done good work, and Edwards was quite justified in returning to settle ment, though it ia quite probable he would have put in another couple of' months in tho wilderness had it not been for Keenan's ghost suddenly interrupting the operations. As a matter of necessity, most of the food taken or sent along to the survey parties consisted of salt junk, pickled pork, and such like. Some of this was of a villainous nature-thanks to the want of proper supervision over the con tractors by the inspectors. 'Without vegetables tlio lot of the surveyors would not have been a pleasant or even healthy one, but the gun was brought into fre quent use to get game either on land or water. Even with this aid the health of the men suffered if they were kept in the bush too long, and hence a time limit was always placed upon operations in the far unsettled parts of the island. To BP1 CONTINUED, 