The ile-opeoitig of the lusiitute Hall. AN ENTERTAINMENT, [ A very successful entertainment in con ' nection with the re-ppening of the Narra coorte Institute Hall, which has been closed for the last two months undergoing a thorough renovation, was held on Friday evening. There was a bumper house on the occasion, all parts of the ball being filled. The hall presented an entirely new ap pearance; and not the least among the attractions of the evening was the display of artistic skill to be.seen in all parts of the hall which the audience evidently appreciated. The rich harmony of tints in panelling, lining, and scroll work was a revelation to the public of JSarracoorte in tbe decorator's art. The ceiling is. superb ly picked out in a variety of tints; and the walls are beautifully pannelled and lined. The walls each side are divided into six panels, and in the centre of each panel is a beautiful picture, a landscape and a sea view alternating. The nro soeninm has also been renovated and bar-, mouizes with the other decorations. On each side of the proscenium are beautiful figures representing science and art and agriculture respectively. No written de tails can give an adequate idea of the work, and it must be seen to be appreciated. During the evening Mr. Matthews, the decorator, who was present, had his ability and skill freely acknowledged by the J flattering reception he received from the audience at frequent intervals. There is 110 doubt the work will have an elevating taste upon the general public, and it is appropriate that it should be in an educa tional institution. The entertainment was got up somewhat hurriedly by Mr. A. Attiwill, the Chairman of the Trustees, who had the assistance of several euthuasiastic ladies and gentlemen. The programme consisted principally of vocal and instrumental music, interspersed with tableaux, and the whole thing was a success from beginning to end. Mr. Magarey, the President of the Institute, presided, and in launching the programme made a few introductory remarks in refer ence to the public institutions of thetown and their habitations. They were justly proud of their Churches ; their Hospital they were also proud of—be meant the grounds and buildings: and their show ground was recognised as one of the best in theco'ony. Like some other institutions the Institute had its shocks—he did not lefer to the disputes over the Trustees— but be referred to the earthquake shock of last year, which was mainly responsible for the renovation and decoration of the hall. That earthquake had contributed to the dilapidation of the hall; and now it was more beautiful than ever. He referred to fche excellent library the Institute poss essed, and the boots of amusement it con tained which were read and the educational Works which were not read. The renov ated hall was a credit to the Trustees and a credit to the decorator. The public were also deserting of credit if he were allowed to presume that they all came in through the door that evening. If they were desirous of still appreciating the beautiful hall they could put their bands deep into their pockets; therefore they were all capable of deserving credit in connection with the hall. The programme was opened by the overture '* Lord of the Isles" by the Nar racoorte Orchestra, which was composed as follows:—Mr. J. L. Lewis (violin), Mrs., Lewis (piano), Mrs. Walter (violin), Mr. Jarrett (violin). Mr. Elsden (tiombone), and Mr. 0. Schinckel (cornet.) This piece was rendered with much taste and expres sion. Mr. J. B. Blackwell sang the fine song " The Mighty Deep" in good voice. A piano solo by Miss Miller was greatly appreciated, showing that this lady pos sesses considerable skill as an instrumen talist. Miss C. E. Smith and Mrs. Nicholls sang sweetly the favorite duet " Life's Dream is o'er." One of the best items of the evening was the rendering by Mr. Matthews (of Melbonrne) of the beautiful song " Queen of the Earth." He possesses a fine clear tenor voice of wide range, and in every way did jus rice to the song. As an encore he sang tastefully " O'er the Hills of Normandie." Mr. Lloyd contri buted in good style " The Sleeping Camp," which was greatly appreciated. A special feature of the programme was the rendering of an Australian Federation song, the mosic of which was composed by Mr. D. Caldwell. The words, which are written by a Mr. W. Carrington, were selected by Mr. Caldwell from several federation verses which appeared ia the press at the time the federal referendum was taken. We believe that the same words have been set to music by S. Mac i Burney, a musical doctor, of Melbnurne, and published, although Mr. Caldwell was not aware of this when he wrote his com position. The setting of the local com poser is of a different strain and style to the one that has been issued. Mr. Cald well's music is taking, and the setting is most appropriate to the words, and con sidering that it is his first effort in that1 direction it may be pronounced a success. The song was rendered in good style by Miss Creswell, a well-known local vocalist, to whom the com poser entrusted the honor of introducing it, and she met with a flattering reception. A federation scene and tableau arranged in connection with the song added considerable effect to it. After singing three verses of the song Miss Cresswell retired and sang the last verse from a group of young ladies repre senting Britannia and the colonies, with Australia (represented by Miss Creswell) standing on a pedestal and holding the federation flag over Britannia. Miss Mc Culloch was appropriately attired as Britannia, and wore an imitation of a silver crown and held a sceptre, and delineated the character admirably. Miss Creswell's costume as Australia was an evening dress of cream with bands of red, white, and bine ribbon entwined which crossed one another in the centre on the sk<rt in front, and on her head she wore an imitation silver crown. Prom the right shoulder was suspended a silver sash with the words "United Australia" appear ing on it. The young ladies who repre sented the different colonies were attired in pretty white costumes, and wore imita tion silver sashes with the names of colonies appearing prominently in front and they each held a flag. Miss J. Adams represented South Australia, Miss Elsie Bead Victoria, Miss Norah McMahon New South Wales, Miss Hilda Wilckeu Queens land, Miss Katie McMahon West Austra lia, and Miss Olive Farmer Tasmania. The magnesium light was thrown on to the gronp, but it was rather strong, although the effect was pretty. The chores was repeated the second time, all the group joining in. An encore was de manded, and the chorus was given again. Altogether the song had a most favorable reception. We reprint the words below-r We've a land that claims 110 bipod stained roll Of war on land and sea, But it's name shines fair on History's scroll As the home of the frank and free! It's sons have proved, through fire aud flood, Brave, steadfast, staunch, and true; Bight worthy they of their British blood And the Laud of the Kangaroo. Cdorus— Tis the land we love ! the grand New Laud I The home of the frauk and free ! Then Hurrah ! Hurrah ! for Australia, United soon to be. For peace, not strife, the call goes forth, From East to West, from South to North, United we will be. We've a laud that laughs in sunshine strong, And ripples with harvest corn ; That has never felt a tyrant's thong, Nor suffered a despot's scorn. We hold our own ! We rule ouc owu I Shoulder to shoulder stand For might aud right by.Britaiu's throne, Aud the Dear Old Motherland. We've a land that gleams with treasures vast Of gold and silver store; But we proudly deem that our wealth is cast In our sons and daughters more. But though our Austral land is one, Aud oue our tongue and lore, We're barred apart, though one in heart, By the curse of the Customs' door. Say ! shall Austialians stand apart, Beneath the Austral Cross, Aud let dividing rancours start The feuds of strife and loss ? It cannot be ! It shall not be"! Divided we must fall! United shall Australia be, For strength and peace and all. The first part of the programme wound up with a couple of tableaux, both of which were beautifully mounted and real istically acted. " Over the Garden Wall" depicted a young lady gardening, with an admirer climbing over the garden wall; then appeared the young lady and her admirer making love in the garden with the *' old man" looking over the wall breathing out vengeance; and then the "old man" is seen in the garden chasing the " young man" away and expostulating with his daughter. It created great amuse ment, aud was illuminated with colored lights. Miss V. Lawrence made a charm ing young girl; Mr. F. Attiwill was '"beau ideal" as cue "young man'^; Air. Attiwill, sen., was the "old man" to perfection. " Pygmalion and Galatea" was a pictur esque scene, Miss McCulloch and Mr. A. T. Gunning taking part in it. After an interval the second part of the programme was opened with a selection by the orches tra. " O'er Laud and Sea." which was greatly appreciated. Miss F. Brown sang tastefully the song "Only once more." Mr. Matthews scored another success by singing "The Pilgrim," which was ren dered in finished style. The rendering of " Bid me to Love" by Miss Lawrence was much enjoyed; and Mr. G. J. Smith roused the patriotism of Britons by singing in good voice "The Gallants of England." Miss Creswell rendered very pleasingly "Sighing for Thee," and Miss A. Caldwell sang with taste " Good Night." A tableau entitled "Where are you going, iny pretty Mud" was enacted by Miss Flossie Brown and Mr. Park Boucaut, and it took immensely. " The Ghost at Midnight," in which Miss Sbarpley and Messrs W. Piatt and Alec Brownlees took the characters, completed the programme and sent the audience home in the best of spirits. The tableaux must have taken a great deal of time and trouble to get up . and to Mrs. Macmillan j and Miss reacock is due the credit for this portion of the programme. The net j proceeds of the entertainment were about i £14. Duringan interval in the programme Mr. J. McGilchrist proposed a vote of thanks to all who had contributed to mak ing the entertainment a success. This was seconded by Mr. A. Wallace and carried with applause. Mr. Matthews, the decorator of the hall, was included in the vote, and in response to calls from the mdience be acknowledged their appreci ifcioa of bis work, 