IN A YELLOW ENVELOPE. BV LILLIIC HiMlLTOff FBEN'OH. liU windows hud been darkened all day. No one whispered in the kills or tnored by her deor exoept with noisoless tread. Not a gonad bad bees permitted to penetrate lisr roesa exeept that whioh no ono ooutd oentrol—the iucessant undulating roar of oabijio much mora distracting to many of us than even tho jingle of oar bells or the Jar if heavy tracks. But Klemor IrvinR bad been acoustomed erer since she oould remember to the noise of these osbsi and slept without being disturbed by them She had danced all night. She was conscious, ae sheliy on her pillow before falling asleep, that she had never been happier in her life. fitety sesthetio esnse in her had been satis- Bed. The music of the Huugsrian bud had had just that touch of the primitive in it, of (be unsubdued wildness of nature—its 017 for its oirn, its forests and Its freedom—breaking out iu the melodies whioh seemed to her to belong even more to such a night of pleasure aad dance then the more sensuous strains ef other lands. The decorations of the rooms had been all white and green, as theugh the woods of early spring bad been transplanted there. She felt at oaoe in harmony with them, aad so lost oanssiousness of self. The perhotness of her own appointments, the gloiy of her abounding health,the fact that her lover wu satisfied with her, that he wu as happy as the, helped to make her torget everything but the spirit of happiness that swayed them beth. The clook had struck twelve before she awoke and rang her bell. Her nine hours' sleep had then been accomplished. Those who wonder at the beauty and Tnshness of yeung girls after a winter of dancing, so different frem the dry pinched look of many a more earnest sister, are not in the confidence of watoliful mothers and guardians. They do not know bew carefully the temperature of the room in whioh the ball dress is removed Is regulated at night, nor how strenuously some nourishment for the weary dancer is insisted upon—the steaming bouillon, the milk, or the sandwich. Nor do they realise bew next day all tlie househeld is ordered for the oomfort of the late sleeper—ordered as if tome coevals* cent rather than seme irresponsible eeeker aftei pleasure, lay in the darkened chamber. Miss Irring's meming letters were brought to her oa her breakfast tray. There were always a dosen notes or more, with cards for teas and invitations for dinners four weeks ahead. No youug woman in years had been a gnater sue cese. There was, besides these other letters always,ne matter at what hour they had parted the night before, a little note from her lover, Richard Winthrop. These notes were of the thinga he never neglected. They were oae of the sentiments she loved best. They helped her, with all the other evidences he gave of a thoughtful, unswerving devotion, to that sense of quiet yet joyful security she felt eo sure and Brm she wss free to be herself without fear about life, as though the foundations were sure and firm—of warp or misunderstanding. She did not alway. read his letter first, It depended very much on who wss in the room with her. Whea her old nurse Martha stayed, as she did this morning, Eleanor slipped Winthrop's letter into the pocket of her wrapper, She could talk to Martha about eveiyLhiag else in the wurld—about Winthrop himself—but his letters were somehow holy ground to her. Martha sat now in front of the fire on a low chair always reserved for her, took a woollen sock from her ample pocket, and knitted while she waited. Martha had never outgrown her taste for this foot-gear, imbibed on the field of her early peasant days. Eleanor's letters were part of the pride of the old woman's life. They helped to prove the iin portance of the child to whom sh* had given the devotion of years, fileanor, knowing this, often read her letters aud invitations aloud, even to the names aad addresses on certain cards for tea. Martha had a taste for localities and great houses. It was the tenth envelope she hid opened and thrown away that morning. " It looks queer," Eleanor said, turning it over in her hand. " It's from some poor man, I suppose. But it is not signed. I uever had a letter before without a signature to it. 1 AU anonymous letters are the same. They are never used to carry the sweet, the pure, and the helpful wotd, uttered without a thought that could wish for concealment. Tha poison' ous, the death-dealing, the ernel, and the oowardly—these the anonymous reserves for itself. This one made no pretence to sympathy. " Ask the man who calls himself your father who your mother was,' it ran. " When I knew her she took in washing. Her husband died a drunkard. What will your beau's proud family say to that f" " It's not for me, surely. There Is some mistake," Eleanor said as she finished Hand me the envelope—that yellow one. Tei, it is addressed to me. But what makes your hand tremble so f Nursey, you dear old thing, come here.. Push my pillow away, and sit down and get your arm under ne, the way I've always loved. The man's cruy. He did not inanlt. He bas not hurt me. Don't mild, dear. I cannot expect te escape aqenymons letters, All famous people have them," she added, laughing. With her left hand on the old wo Ban's withered cheekshe drew her face down towards her own, lying upturned and wreathed in smiles on the anise's breast. " IsaYe white as a ghost, tun. This is got right, nuroey. If I do net mind, you most not. If yon do this way I will think you believe it," she said oheerfully, as «ne esmetraes comforts and 4iferts a sobbing child. Martha rubbed her cheek oaoe or twice aorsss the (id's fair forehead. Bat the said no word. After a moment, gently, as if Eleanor wis still the sleeping baby die once carried in her arms, she lifted the girl's strong, firm hand that caressed and held her cheek, and laid it across the sheet, drew away the arm from under Eleanor, laid her head tenderly en the pillow that she smoothedt and, without a word, turned, still trembling, and left the room, " 1 shall bare to take oars of her now,' Eleanor said, when the door closed. I never thought that she was growing old. She minds things so that happen to ine. Poor sonl 1 I niuit think of something very nice to tell her, something someone has said to me, to make her forget this. She does net know what awful ' loiters people get. - I suppose there were not any cranks iu her day." I'ut Eleanor thought of nothing to tell ler. . T«irtcaJ. she picked the Unwritten letter op " 3£uin nud read it, turned it over; and'ieadit *£»iu. Tim utio held It before her without lending, sUiin{~*.t it trith wide-open eyes. There w abs>tv<e stillness in the room, except irc the ietL'eoty-Bplnttttifage' 1 of the •of t-eral tin. Oubi^e, tLe tabs still rnmhlei, K'osttw *«y witOout mjvibg,'«tariDg J ft the po^vr fms Mr. ".How awfnl,V she-eg*' iiaiuied," -tWere': tome iervotii *r T1 vu. <1 v~ pM HI b&mJt;* 3 2 £-* i. • 6 fc^e sVrax"V ;»t;d *re»d: -the^wartir Jt " Suppose poor papa hsd seen It," die said, and ' sauk with the letter outspread before ber on the edge of her sefa. The silence of the ream returned. Eleanor sat without moving. It washer father's cheerful little whistle as he opened the front door below that at last aroused her. He always signalled hw this way. " I'm late for papa," she' said, rising aud crushing the letter in her band, "Dear papa, I've never been so late before. Just a few moments. Ill hurry," she oalled over the banisters. "I had es many letters to- day." " I won't tell him,'' she said as she dressed, But with ber father's arms about her, his dear face near ber own, she broke down and read the letter to him. Bbe wss not used to concealments with him, even those she thought might spue him palo. . There bad uever been say pain she had known before to apare between them,or to give her precedents te follow. " Nursey felt worse than I did," Eleanor added. I told her the man was craty. You can tell by his letter on this old half-sheet that he is not a gentleman." Neither Eleanor nor her father drove that day. The horses came, waited before the door, and were sent away. Neither was anyone who came admitted to the library. Behind its olosed doors, through koor after hour of that afternoon, the tragedy of two lives was played. To Eleanor the hardest part, at first, was not the thought of her humble birth, but the faot that this man she had oalled her father was bound to her by no ties of blood, nor she to him, so prone are we all in crisis and emergencies to lsok first te the laws of flesh. Even in her grief, when with the my ef the child she held out her arms to him, something in her kept her from touching him. It was the crudest stab of all to Irving, though the tenderness and com' passion of the man made him understand the girl's reluctance. It was only after the awful diazioess and sense of blinding isolation that eame from the sudden breaking of physical ties had passed away that the confusion in her own mind was cleared, end she herself was able to rise above the ruin of her old beliefs to stand before him as she had done until new knew lodge came in the glad certainty of a lore all tenderness and protection, born of no physical bond, dependent on none, supreme in its law of sympathy and understanding. In herown bedroom afterwards,thinking it all over, Eleanor could recall but little of their talk—only gestures, brokea words, comforting oaressss. There were three things, bowever, that stood out with dread and terrible distinctness ; the pioture of the young woman,ill at the time, bending over a wash-tub on the porch af a broken-down country house; and the other picture of the child playing about the woman' feet—the child whose marvellous beauty had attracted Mr. Irving as he drove by. Then tile desolation of the abandoned, broken-down house, from which the sick mother had disap' peaied when Mr. Irviog having left the child at home with his own wire, drove ont for news of the mother next day. (Strangely enough, Eleanor bBd not thought of Winthrop. It was the sight of hi< still opened letter that recalled him. Martha had found it in the wrapper pocket aud put it ou her dressing-table. Martha, though Eleanor did not know it lay at the time face downward on her own pillow in the little baok room upstairs, her whole frame shaken with sobs. Sadder even than a man in tears is an old woman who cries —cties with the passioa and despair of youth. it never occurred to Eleanor to resd Win tbrop's letter. Somehow she felt she could nut until he knew the truth about her. Nor did it occur to her to conceal the truth from him. Bhe was careful, however, not to dress herself in the colours or the clothes he fancied most. A aorta in courage in her, a pride, perhaps, a sudden new perception, hardly grasped, af what his love must be, stood out against all thought of weak advantage for herself. She moved about with unbroken calm composure, falling only once, when a fierce, quick surge of feeling overwhelmed her, and throwing her tight- clasped hands ever her head she leaned her forehead against the door aad cried, " Ob, God I I wanted to give him something without spot of blemish—I lore him so." She lifted her bsnd and held it palm out' ward toward Winthrop : when, a little later, he came forward to meet her in the parlour below " Not yet, Dick dear," she said—" not yet. First, here's your own loiter, I never gave yon one of your's unopenef before. You don't want to take it. Oh, I don't wonder, But, Dick, read this." Bhe watched his face as he read the crumpled sheet. There had never beau fear at csucealmeat between thorn. She was not afraid now, She had no thought of the future, none of the past, and but one desire—that no shadow of uo truth should mar the perfeot brightness between them. She was conscious sf no anguish, no suspense, no desire to turn her eyes away, as those have who fear that revelations maybe made. Eleanor knew there was nothing to dread (Somehow the souls of these two hsd known esch other first. Bichard Winthrop read the letter rapidly with indrawn breath. Then, dropping it, stepped quickly forward, his arms utheld too Eleanor. " My little girl I" was all he asid. Afterwards, the long silence dune when he held her close, he took her face between his palms, and bending, kissed her on her forehead, then upon both hands, " These are my reverence far you, my lady, first," he said, •• before I touch your lips, my sweetheart. Dearest," ho added, with his palms on her cheeks again, " what are any or all of these things to yen and me P" Martha slept on a little cot by Eleanor's bed that night. All the tenderness of the girl was for the old woman. She soothed her with gentle words, aud listened while she was told stories of the pretty child given her long ago to oare for, and of the love of Mrs. Irving for it a lore as tender as if the ohild had been ber own; and then of the promise made by Martha, when Mis. Irving was dying, that Martha would keep the little girl frem all knowledge that would harm her. To Eleanor it seemed, as she waked next morning that the world of lova was more beautiful than she had ever dreamed—ber little world with its three people nearest her, Mr. Irving, now more her father than ever, Winthrop, and Martha. The pain by which she had been taught its beauty was as nothing to the glory of what she new knew its beauty to be, It was when her tray with its letters from the great social world outside was bruught, Richard's daily letter tucked among them, that a sudden piercing consciousness came to hsr of what that other world would say, to which be and she also bore relationship—that great sooial world with its traditions and its customs, its bindisglaws and sharp dividing lines. An inevitable reaction followed, and she quailed before it, while with morbid senses, first awakened, she dwelt upon the power pf tooial forces to destroy her. "Tbey have not laved rae hor.touriednvi, but my position, flip woman they«ttiought i was with the blood of <tiut Irvings in my veins." She left her breakfast untested, Winthrop's letter unread. She moved about the room with restless . step. She dreued alone, with long piusesr.Kow aad then, for moments at'a tim& beV head" was buried Th bet*arm stretched along the edge af ber dressing table. Two or three times she looked out of the windows ofher .sitting-ream snd ,tpreed away. !'Ob,ths .world—the world-!" she said. -^'Oughtri to ; tnqke Richard suffer ?" ' A carriage stopped before ber door—1 carriege with two men on the box, Eleanor stood by the window as if frosen, while the footman sprang to the pavement. Two women stepped out—an elderly lady with soft grey hair aad proud poise of the head, aad a rouager woman with grave face. A sharp cry broke frem Eleanor's lips as tbey mooated the steps. " Dick's muthor and Margsret 1 I had forgotten to think of them. How can I ever tell them r' She rang the bell for Martha, and stood by the olotod dour, trembling with suspense, "Nursey," she called, as It opened. But Martha had not come. The woman whs entered was Mrs, Winthrop, Mra.Winthrop'e fsoe was luminous. For the first time Eleauor saw a look of Bicbard round the mouth. Mis. Winthrop put both hands on ULanor's shouldere. My little girl 1" she said. The words, too, were like Uiobard'e. " I have known all about it for twenty years." 