HSS-IB-THB-RM RELIGION. Strangest of Strange Sects. A Kansas Graze. , Strangest of the strange sects are tlie "True Believers" of Southern Kansas. The head of the Believers Is Joab Morris, a horse tra der. One of his sons-in- law, Bohall, is the preacher,; of the sect. Another, named Dor-: ' ling-, is the master of an "unknown tongue," with which he Impresses tho credulous. Mor ris and Darling- cannot read or write; Bohall can barely iread. At nlglit the meetings are held when the spirit moves. The men 3lt at one end of the 'hovel.' the women at the other. T'he grunting of pigs and the lowing, of cgws come to the ear over the low parti tion. The sermon of Joseph Bohall Is made up of familiar phrases caught from frontier preachers. Suddenly among the listening worshippers James Darling jumpB toi his foet— "Kl yi, how poco polcl, Id yi," he said, as taken down by a reporter, and then he sat down trembling in every limb, and shuf fling and patting ihis feet upon the ground. "The Holy Ghost, speaking in the unknown tongue." was solemnly whispered around, and the feeling grew Intense. The audience swayed their bodies in unison as Bohall re sumed his talk. Tho spirit had entered into tho faithful; and all else was forgotten in ' THIS RELIGIOUS ECSTACY. Then Darling rose again, and interpreted for those not blessed with the gll't of the unknown tongue. "Be faithful and persever ing and you will succeed." he said was the meaning of what he had said before in the new tongue, and the interpretation was accepted Willi prayers, aniens, and utter be- . lief. -Then came a session of experiences, and each one: in turn related how the spirit had worked within ililin, and caused him to do this or that in the furtherance of the faith of the True Followers. Tlip faithful then formed In a circle. Two basins of water were brought out of the ring formed by the women and the other was given to the men. Morris and Bo-hall each tied, a towel about their loins and washed their foet, and then each washed those of tho person next to .them. That person in turn took the towel and girding up his 'or her loins washed the -feet of .the one who sat next. Thi3 was kept up until the feet of all the faithful had been 'washed. Then tihe holy sacrament was par- token of. Fo- keberry wine and coarse bread were used. During all this time Darling broke out occasionally with speeches In the un known tongue, which speeches lie translated almost immediately. They were mostly ex hortations to the faithful to persevere, and promising future happiness for so doing. Towards the end of. the meeting Darling would go into FITS OF TREMBLING and feet shuffling before be spoke. I-Ils ner vous sufferings seemed.reai, and they affect ed the crowd sympathetically. Then came the ceremony of tho "lioly kiss. tTIhe faithful stood in the circle, men and women alternat ing. Bach preacher lolssed the woman ou his right' hand, then the man next to the woman, nnd so on around the circle, until tlisy had kissed eveit'ybody there. After the first got wen uuuur way- 111 nia Kissing lour -line next one followed, and the scene soon resembled hn old-fashioned country dance in tlie flguire of "grand chain," or, as the callers used to announce, "Right hand -to the lady, left hand to the gent; ail hands round." By 'llhis time tho True Followers were nearly in a frenzy, and they sobbed, groaned and prayed aloud. After quiet had been restored, which was not fo-r several moments, Joab Morris arose with a Bible in his hand, and began to preach. He cannot read, but he said lie could answer any question abiout anything in it, for. those who could' read only knew what tlhey read, but as Chi'ist spoke through him he knew Its meaning. Then the "unknown 'tcngue" interrupted Morris' vigorous preach ing and pou.ndlng of the book he held .in- his hand, and the "ki-yl-poco-po-cu-kl-yl" from ' Darling's strong lungs sounded shrilly In the night. Tlie startled horses stopped munch ing hay and the \- PIGS ROUSED UP AND SQUEALED. The faithful never learned what, the Holy Ghost had said to them this time, for the man who spake -in new tongues fell into a trance, and was carried into the house. He often does th>is, they say, and sometimes does not come to life for many hours. For some time Joab Mon-is has preached the coming of Christ In the near future, a.nd t.he wisdom of ceasing work and selling all one's goods to prepare for the great event. Morris is a tall, finely-built man. Darling, the man who has t'he gift of the "unknown tongue," is a 'heavy, stupid, and surly fellow, Ignorant as a human being eolaildi well be, and almost idiotic in his appearianoa and actions. (He has the .power of working litmteelf into a re ligious frenzy, which Always results ta- utv- comsdatusniesfi. The Believers cure, or pro fess to cure, by the laying <m olf 'hands, A farmer named Gieoi- ge Huffman had two chil dren 111. 'Both were treated in this manner, aild both died without medical attendance. A physician in 'tlie neighbourhood isays they, bad chicken pox, and could easily have been saved. Thiey believe they can pick up snakes unbaumed, alitliough one hia,s died in trying it. They claim that his faith was' not per fect. The meetings of the True Followers are not alwaya without DiRA-M-ATIC INCIDENT. It Is told of one who joined that as lie' was about to partake of tlia sacrament he who spake the unlcown tongue forbade him, say ing the new member was still possessed olf a devil. Great excitement and consternation followed, and the entire assembly set to work to prtay t'he devil ;out. After iseveral hours of struggle the devil lied from the repentant brother, and took to lilis heels down a ravine in the black jacks, with the whole congrega tion yelling at his heels. The devil was finally treed and shot, to death w<th real powder and ball, and the church again went Into a session In which the cleiainsed brother was allowed to' partake of the sacrament. The True Followers have a hay horse rider and a black horse rider. .The -black house goes about the country when it is not yet time, hut when Christ is menr or the earth quake is about to comie the Ijny horse rider will scour the country, giving warning to the True Followers, that they may be on their knees when the end to come,. 