St. John's Theological College. LAYING OP MEMORIAL STONE. A very important step in an educa tional direction waa made on Wednes day at Armidale when the erection ol what is to bo another addition to the the many schools in existence in this district was commenced. Despite the iainy weather which "{travailed dur ing iho afternoon a large number of persons, representing all parts of the diocese of Grafton and Armidale, as sembled at tbo ground near Bishops court to witness the laying of the fouudation stone of tit. John's Theo logies! College, which is to be opened for the training of clergy for work throughout the diocese. Promptly at three o'clock a procession of about 25 clergymen, from parishes of the diocese, inoluding the Bishop, ac companied by Archdeacons Boss (Armidale), Moxon (Grafton), Lewis (Tamwortb), and Canon Flower (Darling Point;, made its way to the locality of the building. After the reading of lessons, singing of hymns by thtf" Cathedral choir, and the offering of prayers by the Bishop, the memorial stone waa placed in posi tion and declared duly laid by the Bishop with the words, In the faith of Jesus Christ we ley this memor ial stone of a Theological College to bo called by the name of St John, Apostlo and Evangelist: In thn name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, Amen," In his address to thoss pressnt the Bishop said that thera ware two matters whleb ho wanted to explain. He wanted thou to understand that the work being commenced that day waa a work such an had never been attempted throughout the length and breadth of Australia in oonueotlon with tba Church, There were throe places at which candidate* ware pre pared for holy orders-the Moore TbeolOgioal College, Sydney, St. Barnabae College, Adelaide, and the one of whioh he wae a member, Trinity Oolloge, Melbourne. The work done in those Institutions waa -vary ootjuly, and the ohjeat of 8t. John's College, Armidale, wae to give the poorer men who came to work in the mieaeionary dloooae (Grafton and Armidale)—men of ability, braina and ohnraoter, but without long purees —an opportunity of receiving instruction in the aeored metiers of' their profeeslon. He thought they would be able to train their olergy at a cost about one-third or a half of that neoeessry in (he three theological colleges which he had mentioned. The aooond matter to which ho wished to refer wns^ statement sometimes made that per haps they would get from that which was cheap, that which was inferior. Intellect did not always go in equal proportion with money, aud a train ing which was cheap was not oeces aarety inferior. The ccurse of in struction which they proposed to adopt waa that laid down for the Australian colleges of theology, under the auspices of the General Synod of Australia. He asked them all to carefully read the words inscribed on the memorial stone and they would aee that the college waa not intended for the glorifioatinn of any set of men in the diocese, but for tho glory of God. The college was called after John, the Apostle of truth and love, and \- if they could only get into the hearts of the tneu who were to serve with ' them in the Diocese some of the Jobntiine lore the people could say that they had fulfilled the object for which the venture had been sot on foot, and that they had done some thing to the glory of Almighty God. The Ven. Archdeacon Boss said, that ae examining Chaplain for the Diooeee for 20 yeare ha bed often felt aoutoly the want of en institu tion a* the one to be opened, where tbe'etudyof religion on systematic lines end in a distinot form would be a prominent feature. It would be said and it had been eatd " is not this a large undertaking f" It cer tainly wae a large undertaking, bat considering what had been done in Abe Diooeee during the last four, years, and now that ehuroh life throughout the Diooeee wae so active it wae really herd to eay what oould not be eoeompUahed in Grafton aud Armidale. (Applause). He believed tbat the movement would auoeeed A Thelogloal College wm~ admitted to ' be the necessary equipment. of any diooeee beoense in it atudente Oould be thoroughly trained, for in the present days when everybody held a right to express bis religious principles, it was necessary (hat young olergy should be placed in a position to defend their -cause against all-comers He" heartily wished eueoeae to the institution. Mr. F. R. White explained the financial aspect of the movement. The Committee estimated that £2600 would be required to ereotand open the College for tbe eduoation of students, and they would have to aot very economically to do the . work within that limit. They had received . a grant of £1000 from the S.P.G England, out of the Merlott Bequest and with collections end promises op to the present tbey still had to raise ' abont £700 -.Before die - College's work could be oommenced they would 't have to have Abb full sum mentioned 1 in hand, so tbat there would be no farther charge on-the Diooeee for the 1 -maintenance of the building and r other expenses whioh were inevitable. ' He would impress on the represen tatives of other parte oE the Diooeee 1 present, theneceseity oftheir assist- p logtuiiising their a hare of the email ei asm Required. - Although the rain A was unfavorable to the present cere- S xnony'it wsa very mnoh needed, and © he hoped it would be an inducement tl to tbo peoplathroughout the Diomt to gin to the noble purpose? The Hot. Oanon Sowter (Moree) said that any tort of men did not do for the churche'a work io • diocese •oob •• their*. Parish prieit* did not spring up like tntubrooni—there fore they should train tleir own men, and he telt aura that tbe protont movement would result in the train ing of men of sound spirituality, power, deep knowlege ana practical sense. Hen such as those were absolutely necessary for tbe work of the Oh arch. A present dsy parish priest needed to be • men of pluck sod determination—a man of many qualifications—-be should know some thing about, architboture, must be medically Inclined, a horse doctor, be able to mend a saddle, and so on, and at tbe same timecoroport himself as a gentleman. He felt sate that the people would do their utmost to bring ibe morement to a practical issue. Mr, C. F. Tindsll (Grafton) ssid that throughout tbe Diocese they telt the necessity for the work being proceeded with. The theological colleges already in ^existence were hardly adapted for *produoiug the class of men required for the work in s diocese like thoirs. At present they wanted several men for the work of Ihe Church, and they had no means of training them He felt sure that the Oollegc would provide the good and much needed work for which it was intended. The Bar, W, Flower said they all knew that in recent years it had been s matter of great interest to watoh lha progress and development in the Dlooose, and it pleased him to be amongst them to ass the initiation of what would be In future years one of the grandest Inniltullona onnroted with thn Church, it would help the Bloc-tee to take lie stand amongst the Dioceses of Australia end have Its own influence and weight throughout the Australian Churoli. It wo-grand end splendid that they had bean able (o accomplish so much. The men for the peculiar work of a great Diooaae like Grafton and Amldale could only bs trained properly in an institution euoh as they proposed opening. He urged the people in all parts of tbe UiooCBe to support the college, os Hb benefits would extend to all of the people in it. After numerous amounts of money had been placed in the oolleotlon box, the company adjourned to Mies Green's N IS Girls' Sahool, where afternoon tea was partaken of. 