AUSTRALIAN POETS. (By Vedette.] Marcus Clarke, in the preface to Gordon's poems— perhaps one of the b=st and most sympathetic ever writlen — says : ' The student of these unpretending volume? will be repaid for his libonr. He will find in them something very like th* beginnings of a national school cf Australian poetry.' Truly, as Ken dall wrote of him, 'Gordon sang the first great songs these lands can^claim.' He is tax ana away me most popular 01 our Austra lian pcets. Fitly does the wattle- blossom aNjve his grave grow, for ??The fragrance tare tint fire bodunan -knows— Tae scent of tbe vatde bloom' has gone into his bean and breathes in his poetry. H- loved tbe lone'y bujh in all its weird and pathetic melancholy— gloried in long rides acd lonely rambles through it spent the best years of bis life by choice amongst its solitudes in preference to populous cities j was infatuated by the glorious uncon ventionaHties of its free and easy life, its manly toils and romantic pastimes ; loved thi sturdy 'robust character of its pioneers, and made it the prolific hunting ground ol his wild Mose. The broken column landing above his grave in the Brighton Cemetery fitly attests bow deeply his fate has appealed to the poetry of our nature. His death, in glorious as it is in itself, his given a tinge of romance to his memory. His life was a poem. The son of an Eng lish officer, brought up amidst the culture and refinement -f a beautiful Eng'ish home, and. smarting under what his sensitive nature shrank from as a disgrace, be flings himself with the Tfrlrlrssness of an oatcalt upon the shores of Australia; becomes a. police con stable, a horse breaker, a. livery servant, a gardener, a steward, a member of Parliament; fails in everything he tries, and ends all by blowing his brains ont, in a fit of despondency, at Brighton Beach. A fatal propensity to snicide in his nature seems Ttam, and the shadtw of that fatal propensity appeals to have brooded over his pathway and Aimntr-A his gayest hours with its haunting melancholy. ** I seem to hare a. loid to beax, A heavy, choking giief — ConiaibaTEforoedndnrfetear I nugbthate fe t relief : I think nry hot ana tesllaso heart Has acorchea the channels dry iromwhicotboserigimrfeoitQWBtMt TomoutencteekBnaere.*1 Gordon songinatity is his great charm. A passion for novelty in the paths of literature is one of the predominant passions of the age, M en resuscitate old autfaofs to^niniEtefJtf) it — xansadc the archives nf oead Religions* rlead literatures, and Scad phJlosopbies to discover it. New moles of thought, new iieas of literary excellence, are the objeens towards which tbe over-refined and surfeited imigina &ms; of men vainly turn, ibm Isotaal cdndi tions of life amid the surroundings in a new country must inevitably -develop new types of rfiarar^r, new ideals of literary and artistic beau*y, and, as a consequence, create « new fchool of poetry. In Gordon's poems the dawn' of that, new national school appears. The gloom of the Australian bosh seems to' overshadow all his works. There is some-, thing in the savage stiPness and rayless gloom of those primeval forests, locked in immemorial slumber, which oppresses rather than exalts the heart of man The savage element cf man's nature finds here, amidst its ghastly, stem and uncomh lovUness, a congenial home. This heavy sense cf desolation which oppresses the traveller in the silent bush seems to have rested like a cloud over the naturally jiyons and vigorous temperament of Gordon. Here it may be asked : why have our Australian poets so much of the gruesome and me1ancholy underlying most of lheir works ? Kendall, Brnnton Strpheas, Harper, McRae, Henry Lawson and Bancroft Boake, have all wlitten rf the sun cursed regions rf Australia, clothing their h rrors with die beautiful fancies of bright muHs. Ker.diH's poems breathe tbe rp'it of Edgar Allen Poe, of America. His 'Glen of Ara wa-ta.' 'A Death in the Bush,' 'Ghost Gl' n,' gire evidence of a morbid and melan choly gerius. The drought, the desert, the immense wastes, the weariness of travel, he has pain'.ed with a. great wealth of colour, and ha managed to convey a sense - f the untold trouble of bu h pioneers, an 1 to arouse a sym pitfay with :heir heroes and of their hapless endeiv Hits. Kendall was weak in health. po:ir in circumstances and i-f a timid, shrink ing nitue. Lam n'ing his own hardships, he gii.ves for his brolher in literature — .... the lot austere Which ever seems to wait Upon the man of letters here.' George Gordon McR « has attempted to do for the Australian aVo-iginal. what Alfred Donnelt has dene so well for the New Zea land Maori ; bu- has not pxlured the life of the daring invader of tbe Au tralian forert, with tbe thrilling incidents that acc--mpany the bo'd and rapid mirrh of that invasion. Brunton Stephens has -hown true patriotism in some of his poems. His poem on die fatme of Au^Ualiais bright with national hope and aspiration, and m ist of his works betray a lofy motive. Victor Daley is a fine imaginative writer, breathing the spirit of freedom in all his songs. Against the evils of the tmes he deals same smahi-g blovr=. His sentiment is genuine and who esome. H*n-y Lawson and Edward Dyson are writers of much excellence. The Sydney Bulletin remarked : ' Laws in is the voice of the busb, and lie bu-h is the heart of Austra lia.' He rtfl cts th ? da-k side of ?he bush at least as faithfully as Mr Patterson -?? Bai j 1 ') does ihe bright sHe, and the diff rence in their woik may pobably be owing to the diff. rent way of looking at th n*s a min on h -rseb;ck has to ih: man who tramps on f'O*. No AustnlUn writer h s yet portray d the grim realism of tbe desert like Hemy Lawjon. His songs are redolent of the sil and leading them recalls thiughis cf Robert Burns and Tboms Davia's love of h minity. They in spire a national sentiment and speak the voice of the hear!, and if at tim s pessimistic and cynira', champion the cause of democracy and tbe progress of humanity. 