Pertinent Papers. THE RECORDS OF "PASQUIN.' No. i—THAT TOTE SHOP RAID. The shimmer of silk as the horses flashed past the post had faded from my vision. The hoof strokes of the thoroughbreds and the hoarse shouts of the multitudes no longer soundei in m'ne ears as I, Pasquin, wended my way homeward from the turmoil of the city. As I journeyed, lo, mine old familiar muse, with whom I oft commune, came beside me and laid his shadowy hand upon my shoulder. Then started I like a guilty thing, for my mind had been running upon the rumor of police raids on tote shops in Adelaide, " the Holy City," and there flashed across my recollection the modest half-crown I had invested on the SCNDAY CHRONICLE'S tip for the Boulder Cup. Greatly relieved was I to heir ' Hail, Pasquin—whereof thinkest thou ?' < Not of thee, mine ancient friend; hut of the Commissioner of Police, his officers, and all their works.' 4 Even in thought blame not the police, son Pasquin ; they but do their duty in seeing that the law is carried out. 4 Rather hlanie those who made such miserrble additions to the Statute Book, and those who set the wheels in motion. 4 Could'st thou, in spirit form, have been with me a few days since, Pasquin, thou mightest have heard the man who to-day controls the destinies of this colony commune thus •with himself— " This betting business has got to stop—the Wesleyans are getting impatient and they are by far too strong to be lightly disregarded. * Even my genial lieutenant, the Commissioner of Public Works, is beginning to take a hand in the game of protestation against betting being r^lowed ; and then there are those confounded W.C.T.U. members for ever pulling at my tail. 4 Drat them ! I never promised to wipe out betting as the price of their support. ' By the ghost of my Sandgroper ancestor, I sometimes think I had been better off without their support. 'Tis indeed a case of save me from my friends. ' Confound Throssell and Piesse ! They are too thin skinned. Why, I wonder, do they not shut their eyes and ears to the betting that, I believe, does cany on. 4 But I suppose the poor beggars will have to be raided. The thing is, now—who , will be the first sacrificed." Tliu«,did 5-vir John commune with his twenty-stone groper self. ' And, as thou knowest, Pasquin, raided one poor b3gL r ar was.' ' Yea, father ; an ) what thinkest thou of the raid ?' ' As the law stands the police were quite right; but does it not seem passing strange, Pasquin, that people of this age will quietly submit to the oppression of the existing law ?' • Yea, mine old fan iliar. If our wise acres go a little further with their legislation, West Australia will soon become too good to die in and there will be no need for the new ICarrakatta burying ground. 4 Now the police have only to suspect gambling is going on and all doors must be opened to them. If not—wooden doors are but frail, and an axe will soon do the business.' ' Britons never will be slaves, you know, Pasquin; and yet in South Australia and West Australia, if a man wants to speculate half a crown on a horse he is liable to be escorted up the street by a dear " Uttle boy in blue"—the same as the pickpocket or other rogue and vagrant.' 'That's not slavery, is it, dear bov ?' •A citizen may gamble tens of thousands on the turn of the share market. If he strikes it rislit, he is a " skilful operator." Liable to arrest ? Not much. ' A kind-hearted philanthropist may put up a corner in wheat, or run meat ring—causing the staffs of life to rise to famine prices. The poor may go hungering to bed, or starve. That "is a commercial undertaking— not that incarnation of the devil— gambling. Bless your soul, no, no !' 4 In this country, my father, a man may not do what he likes with his own. •No turfite objects when the man who is good on Sunday puts half a crown in the plate for the good of the cause—and the support, of the sky pilot and his family. 4 Neither does-he object when the W.C.T.U. goes in for a lavish purchase of tracts, hymn books, and other highly instructive literature. Why, then, should any of them o> ject if he prefer to spend his half dollar in finding out which horse can run first, second, or third past a certain post called the winning post. 4 They are satisfied with the pleasure the expenditure of their money gives tbem ; let him have the same enjoyment.' 'Pasquin, I have told thee oft times before, yet again do I repeat it— 4 In this country there is one law for the rich and another for the poor- 4 Thinkest thou, those men who were arrested last week would have been interfered with had they l>elonged to the Sweld Club, TattersalPs Ciub, the Stock Exchange Club, the Masonic Club, or any other ton\\* institution ? 4 No need to answer son ; thy face tells me thou knowest they would pot." 4 How long, then, are the poor of the land, the bone and sinew of the country, to remain quiet and be trampled under foot ? 4 Why not get the law altered ? These dolts—the very people who are suffering the injustice—by force of numbers have the power in their own hands. They keep the Premier in power. Wh} r not compel—yea, compel him to alter the law, or turn him out ? ' Ask them plainly, why ? ' I have spoken, son. 5 