THEY WALK THE NIGHT.! THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. 1 The numborie's superstitions which besot humanity in tho past are almost gone, and with rapid stridos the world becomes daily more matter of fucb. Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe in thom. Its liubit nowadays is to waut bo put its hands on things, to know by touch as well as sight that tho things aro thero beforo it bolieves, but novertboloss ghosts inovo here and thero in tho throngs, and intelligent peoplo uro convinced tliut they ate actually super natural visitors. A case in point is the isonton gnost, wi11011 is attracting much attention. A farmer, named John.W. French and his wife were tho first to see the apparition, They live in the country near Benton, and wore driving home one night from jv neigh- hour's. The road. -prissed an old church, mr.ss covorod and surrounded by a grave yard,. overgrown with shiubbery and filled with the bones of liundrede wlio once tilled t lie soil in I he locality. ' Ten years ago an ngod man who lived alone not far from' the old church and visited tho'gruvoyurd almost daily to pray over, llie resting plnoe of some relative, wuij foully murdered for tiio store of gold be was 'supposed to have hidden about his hermit abode. The ' robbers and murderers escaped juslico, arid tlie luckless greybeard was buried in tho gravoyurd where lie spent so tn ucli time. Justus French und his wife draw, within, eight of the white headstones in the churchyard tlio horses reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror. Froncli was alarmed, and, suspecting highwaymen had been scented by the horses he reached for a gun, but before his hand touolied it he ivas startled by u scream from .ids wife. Clutch ing his irm, silo pointed straight uiioud and gasped : " Look, John. Look ! " Fur dawn the roufi, just beside tlio glim- moring monuments of the old graveyard, he saw an apparition. . It was that of a raun with a long white beard sweeping over his breast. Tbo figure uppeured to bfe eight feet in height, arid iti one hand it carried a club, such a< the bruins of tho old mail had wtuvts uouvwii uum vrim icu yuuie uuiuio. Slowly raising one arm, tho ghost- witli a majestic sweep buckoned French to come 011\. He Was too startled to do anything except try to restrain the prancing horses, which \rcre straining ut the -harness in at tempts to break ' it way and run. A cold swoat started out all over the body of tho furmor as he realised that iie was at last looking at a ghost, am) then tlio sound of his wifo's voice came to him, begging him to return the wnv they had come and escape the doom which seomud imponding. French wus still too much' scared and excited to control the horses, and as lie gazed stead fastly ut the fearful white nbjent in the road it slowly began to movo cowurd thom. Tlio club was now raised to its shoulder,, as asoldior carrios a rifle, and it soetned to move, forwurd . without touching the ground,. like a winged tiling. Then the farmer recovered his faculties. Whirling iiis team around, lie lashed the .horses into a run and set out for the house of the frieiid he hud just left. When they arrivod there, both the man and his wife .were'niinoet fainting from fright. The next man to see the ghost was Alii- ton Moon. He had tho reputation for being not only a man of intelligence, but 0110 without fear. His experience was much the same us that of the Frenches, and it brought about several investigations by parties of people. In eaoii oaso tliev saw and were convinced ot the ' actual presence of the ghost without boirig ablo to discover any satisfactory explanation, - An intoioiting , American ghost is that which is said to dwell in the Forbes manor house atBatli-on.tlie-Hudson, near Albany. One night about thirty years ago tho munor house wus the blazing sceno of asocial gathering. Just what out of the ordinary happened that oight nobody in Bath knows. But something did happen, lor everybody in Bath saya so.' At any fate, it was a gala night, but the next morning ail the servants excepting four faithful ones, who had been with thn family for many years, wore dia- chuiged, and shortly after breakfast all the mombers of the lamily left the manor house in carriages. No good-byes wore said. Behind them they left their beautiful home us it had been the day before. On tho mantels and dressers wore the pictures of friends ; in the bureaus and lockors and chests were their clothes ; on the desks thoir letters and papers. .Trinkets lay on the tables forgotten. The doors wero locked, the curtains pulled down, und the house closed for nil time. A man in black is said to walk thnt house every night, mumbling and moaning as he passes up and down the broud stairway. Snores of people assert that- they have heard him, and a fewsuy thnt they have seen him. One of the latter describes him as follows : His hair wub long and ourly and parted 011 the side, iiis eyes were bright, iiis features clearly out, and his fnce iiale. Ho was smooth sbuven, and wore a higii standing collar and a blaok bow and stock. He was in evening areas anu wore nn jeweuery ex cept a gold fob. For a moment he ceased mumbling, and then began, moaning und walked away. . He passed the door, walk ing toward the stajrwuy. The ghost hunter tiptoed to tho door und watohod him usoond the utuirway till lie was half-way tn tile top, when he stopped as though lie had encoun tered another person. Ho raised his hands appealingly, and fell backward with a shriek that rang throughout the house and was answered by the echoes. His head struck a marble stop, and thinking he bad been injured the watcher rushed to the spot. He saw nothing. The liiBtory of this ghost is tightly lockod with the family, who now live in the old Forbes mansion, Now York. Paul Simeon Forbes purchased tho manor house in 1850 from the Van Roneseluers, with 900 acres of land. Ho paid 03,000 dollars for 't, which was considerably less than the cost of the house, the land boing pructicnlly thrown in. The manor house is now the property of a Boston man, Nathaniel Stone. The ancient housos of England hnve al ways boen favourite haunts of ghosts. Sussex, whioh, of all tho English counties, has retainod its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in tho eyes of the rustics of that little visited distriot, whioh was once the cenfra of England's iron industry. There is the headless .man of St. Leonard's foresb, known us Squire Puulett, who jumps upon ; tho crupper of a horseman onteriug the f forest and rcmaius thoro uutil - clear of it, 1 There fa the drumtaer of Huratmonceuux, ' Blaok dogs, a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over Englau'd Imunt all dark lanes and lone byroads, and under many n't sequestered wooden bridgo a woman may I be seen spinning, a bile on the old cattle road between Kingston, near Lowes, and the MarsheB, known as tlio Drove way, a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night incessantly spinning charcoal, Norfolk is another county which teems with ghosts. Titers is a pale, long-haired woman who runs shrieking umong the pits on Aylmorton Heath. There is a greao bhick " shuck dog "—the word 44 shuck " is said to mean the devil— which has a blazing eye in the centre of Iiis forehead, and Iras a brother at Peel Custlo, in tlie lelo of Man, the spirit of 11 murdered prisoner. Then young Lord I)acr4,\vho was murdered in 1585 -by his guardian, Sir Richard Ful- morston, who arranged that a rocking- horse on which tho boy sat should full, still prances about on a houdloss rocking-horse. ' Anne Boleyn etill rides down tho avenue of Bliakling Park once a year in u hearse- like coach, drawn by four heAdiess liorsos and. driven by a headless driver, with hor head in her lap, und her futher,Sir Thomas, does the same thing. ' Ac Cuistor Castle there is another cinch and head less leiim, and yet;another near Great Melton. .'This last ' rises . from a poof every midday and midnight and, with its load of-four headless dripping white robed ladies; passos slowly round the field and. sinks aguin, nnd tradi tion says that at this spot long ago a bridal party wore upsot into thid pool and never seen again. 