SPORTING NOTES. WEEKLY St'OU'J'INU' CALICXDAU. ' The- following lire tlio sporting llxtures for (lie week willing Sntiinlsi,v,f Slli October; — yON'DAT.— V.A.T. C. xvclglils declared; Kpsoin weights declared: Crunlionrne weights de clared:- bandown- Park entries close; Murlbyr-. linng enirii'H .closi:, nuttliiiv 0>ur the \\.H,L. raeea, at the Victorian Club; sale of- rucc- hui-seii, ut Kirk's Itnssur, ut noon;, Victoria Derby, first, forfeits due. , frttUaiMY.— Epsom races. .. . . \ ilVEDXKSDAY. — Cmnbonrne races; Aspcmlnlc Park weights declared; settling over Kpsom races; North Melbourne terrier coursing incol- ing entries eiose. -. - ITliUItSDAV.— Aspendale Park races; Warrnamhool Hunt Club races; flnal acceptances 'due for V.A.T.C. Debutant Slakes nnd Tonmk Handi cap; North Alclbourne Terrier Coursing Club's FIu'daY.— Melbourne 'Oun Club weekly meeting; llunlnvong Turf Club races. J AT U 1 1 11 A Y. — v. A . T. C. Spring Jleetlng (first day); Host-hill (Now South Wales) races; North -Mel- iiourne' Terrier Coursing Club mcftliig, at lticbmond; cycling' runs; cricket 'matches; .Melbourne Sparrow nnd Pigeon Shooting Club meeting, nt Morelnnd; entries closo for Mnl- , vcr.li lawn tennis tournament. Boluidll wns to tlic fore'itgnlii nt I'lcnilng- inu on Sntiirduy, wlion lie won the October Stiikes'from n good, Held like it racehorse of. the lilgbeBt ebiss. and It eertaiuly seems ab surd now to select miythlng to bent lilm In the Derby. George Frederick, who appears to be the next best, can linrtily lio'pc to turii the tables on, him, but should .he run a meri torious second, which Is -the utmost tlmt can be expected, lie will' gain plenty of friends for the Melbourne Gnp,_ In which' be has the luxurious weight pf G St. . 7 111. Were lip to win' the Derby lie Would, be: 'called upon. to put up weight for age — 7 st. (I lb.— and should Jioluidll be judged to bnve beaten lilni. Ill the ' Derby by. loss than a stone. It wlll.be seen bow the form would 'favor George Frederick's chance, lloliiidll in tlio Melbourne Cup ut a stone above George Frederick's weight, viz., 7 st. 7 lb., would,, even nt tills stage of the speculation on. the event,- be n very shorl- prlccd favorite. Ilobadil oil Saturday ran the mile and a quiirtor of the October Stakes In 2 mill. !)J see., exactly tliu tlmo lie took la the Ntirre Wiirren Stakes seven diiys be fore. lie rau the last half mile In 511 sec.,; the Inst six furlongs 111 1 mill. 17 j sec.,- ami the Inst mile in 1 mill. -12) see. Hy way of' comparison,. Mr. I1'. . Ileath, representing Messrs. T. Gaunt and Co., slates tlmt on the previous Saturday the eolt rail the last halt, mile in 10) see., the last six furlongs 111 1 mill. 10 see., nuil tlic last mile in liuiii. dlj see. - The real .difference ,ln the respective times Is that on Saturday week the first half iaile took Hobnill! ufli see.; on StiLtirdiiy lie run It In 52J sot, Ilobadil on Saturday de feated the opposition more easily, If. any thing, than lie did the week before. Lady Lillian, who cap tilled the Mnrlhyr- jiong Trial Stakes nt Fleiiilngtoii on Satur day, Is a very speedy filly. She Is well grown and attractively bred, being by tlie recently deceased Mtilun from Nngn, a marc bred In 1880. by Mr. .1.' O. Inglls, by King of- the Gipsies from It hen, by King of tlic Itlng from Noi'iin, by Conrad from Timlin (Imp.), by llrocliet.' Liuly Lillian, who Is engaged In the Victoria Derby, Oaks, Spring Slakes, St. Leger Stakes, wns bred by Mr. J. V. Smith, of Linwnod Grange, and sold as a yearling at Newmarket for 45 guineas, at which price she was decidedly cheap. The tilly Is very uiiicb like a Maliui, anil possesses plenty of pace. The Sydney youngster. Badge, who was second. Is ulso very smart, and more should be heard In sprint rnecs of the Sunrise— Inheritance filly Heiress. 'Amongst the unplaced division Bonn (sis ter to Bolmdil) i nnd Promontory took the fancy .clilcfly; but: Graceful (n sister to Re solute) and Lowland (Jlilnf mid Cranberry promise to be valuable when more forward.- .The first of the Carnages Is Bullet, from 55eph, n mare by First King from Ynrdlcy (liiip.), li.v Sterling, which Mr. James Wilson, jun., bred at Qucenselill. He will bo served by time. Altogether, tin- 2-year-olds seen put on Saturday were a taking lot. Stockings, who wns killed at Adelaide on Saturday, was nil old stager as a steeple chaser. He Avas by Hamlet's Ghost, from Miss Twist, and last July, .at Tattersnll's meeting, ' bent Happy Jack, paying a £25 dividend. Tlie machine, by the wily, came out on top on Saturday, ns dividends of £24 Ps„ £11 Os. and £10 3s.' were declared, lsb- niacl. who must be n fair liorse, won a 'double, and Prairie Rose was the (lain of I'rnlrlo Boy nuil' Trapper, who won during the afternoon, .Trapper Is engaged in the Melbourne-Cup nt 7 St., J2 lb., and judging by tlm way lie, won on .Saturday there must be something In tho'elnlih of his admirers that, lie Is n likely ctlp liorsi'.- He Is a son of' ...St. Swllhin, who sired Mevloolas. . Broken -; Mill,-; who- bent , Porl.t-ea-, In., .the ..Aiiptrnijiiji Cup, and Is now at the stnil. sired .the win ner nt the. Juvenile Stakes, Tnrlock, from Virago, by Neckorsgrit, frniii Meg MLwrlllos, by Gnng Forward., She is well engaged In , South Aust fhllh. ' ' Tlic bungle In the '''framing of tbe condi tions of the. Stand .Handicap, nt Flenilng- 1on, oif 'Saturday, operated, ns we imtlci- lratcd. against tile success of the race, u large number of fancied Cup candidates pre ferring to forfeit the engagement rather than risk a penalty. Of the 34 on the card IS wore scratched, rind some of tlie cup horses Hint started finite failed to show their best form, tlie result being that Devoted, who wns a neglected outsider, gained tlie prize. It was hardly to be expected that horses which have been well backed for more Im portant engagements would run the risk of a penalty to win u stake of 100 sovs., and hi a few Instances liuxlety on the part, of jockeys not to win was palpable. It is regrctable that tlie public wns deprived of the chance of gaining it splendid line to the future, because of tbe penalty, especially as tlie oversight which the elnb was guilty of could have been averted with a little thought. Devoted Is engaged In tlie Gnul- flehl Cup nt 7 st. 8 lb., Including 3 lb. penalty. Devoted, ns there were 10 starters, won 100 sovs. clear; had. tlicro been one starter less . lie would have avoided the penally, us tlie 100 sovs. would have Included liis own 2 sovs. for starting. lie Is iiot In the Mel bourne Cup. , The death of Lux nt Flemington on Satur day week "wns followed oil' Saturday by a fatnl mishap to rinother Cnulfield trained horse in Illrundo, who broke Ills shoulder.' lllrundo wns in the stable of J. IS. Brewer, nuil was a fair performer. He wad" by Bran don from Little Mary, and the stable backed hint ns;well as I'at for the Grand National Hurdle Itnee, which tlie latter won at Floiu- ington last July. Hlrtindo on that occasion met with 'an accident: when going well.- There was nothing very remarkable In the form shown at FlenilRgton on Saturday by Cup candidates. Cntspaw -ran n decidedly good lace In the October Stakes behind llObadll and 'George Frederick', anil lie is likely to have-ail important say in the Caul- field Cup.,, Heretic also showed out con spicuously, and' Is without doubt Improving fast. Leo Mctford ran disappointingly, mid so did Majestic, but Coeos did well, and pro, . ' mines to lie Imrd 'to beat In some of tlie handlenps of tbe campaign. Itosebery tuiide his dehut,- uud wns favorably criticised. He : -Is a splendid stamp of u liorse, and very, fast. Tlie next few weeks training tviil serve him well. Olaf ran moderately. In the Stand Hiiiidleap the favorite, Mtirusa, who just mlsricd a place, wns running on oti- couragingly at tlie finish', but 'Tlie Musketeer ' failed at- the critical jiart of tbe journey. Buaymi rail n good' nice, but ' Trent mid Spencer failed 'miserably; Few people would be disposed to regard Devoted as a Caulileld Cup liorse, nnd 'the cliunccs tire the form of those behind him on 'Saturday will' be soon contradicted. . '''> Reports Imve been freely circulated to the elTeet that Mr.- G. Gray, owner of George hredprlek rind- oilier horses', lins purchased . ' Epsom racecourse for u private iritiiiiug ground. YVc are' nnthorised by tlmt gentle- innu-to sny tlmt there Is not, and never has been, the slightest foundation for such' n report. '" ; ' After liis' decisive' victory nt Flemington . on Saturday, Bolmdll linrdened In tlie bet ting -market;-- rind Is now, considering that the race Is nearly n month awny, one of tlic hottest favorites In the history of the Dorliy. beren-to 4 wnR -freely -laid on lilm on So tii'i-: ;.-du.v oveniiig,-£350 to £200 and £700 to £400 on being registered. George Frederick, who had occupied the position of second favorite "at 5 to 1, was- knocked brick to 8 to l offered, and 10 to 1 Is freely nvallalilc about any thing else in -the list. Mnsslnlssn Is a strong favorite, for tho Cnu(field Cup. All the money nt 10 to 1 lias been'tnkeiii nnil lie |s now firm at 8to. 1 offered. ir.vinett.iis was haeheil at 100 to -7, 'and a point shorter Is now the .quotation. IVagers of £1000 to £50 . ngninst Cntspaw, £500. to. £30 Rolen, £500 to £2.i thunder Queen, and £1000 to £25 Holster were hooked.' For the Derby and Melbourne cup BobadH was brnekoteil with Dreamland. Mnsslnlssn,. The Grafter and Woodlrirk. For the Melbourne Cup. flOOO to £70 wns offered on the field,-. Tho Grafter, Clnrlon nnd Mor- loolns figuring ns tlie .chief fnncles, with 100 to j on offer barring tliem. 1 Little Spark, well known over tbe hurdles \1 Inc. North-eastern nnd Goulbiirn Valley . nistrlcts, died some days ngo, .while spelling In tho paddocks. nt Mr. T..Brooks:s fnrm. at Aorlhwood, near Seymoiir. Inflammation ;wns the cause of dentil. Little Spark, who as very' fnst, was recently purchased by Mr. C. rratt,- nnd wns pbout' to go into trntn- . lnK for metropolitan racing, i „ Wnt:01' Color 'nnd Combovnc hrivc arrived from Sydney by steamer and inken up tlielr guartcrs nt tho Cnulfield Club Hotel, Cnulfield. XI I> Consldine will take entries at me Haceeoursp Agency, Bottrke-street west, Sa-,"15-' n0r. thc meetlng .tri be held rit. Snn- . ff". .yjfk , tOfmorraw wt?ek. - Tho pro gramme has been framed. on. the usual tines, excepting that, n jumpers' flat race lias been substituted for. the Hurdle Unec. Mr. A. II. Cox will also tnkc entries for tlie mcct|iig to lie hold nt Mnrlbyrnong on Friday week. Bobailll, Majesty. Auriferous, Majestic, Bonn, Graceful mid Manfred, who ran .nt Flemington on bit timlny, returned to 81- Albuus in tbe crciilng. Lulrd of Kllrle lias left J. J. ' Allan's stable, and will In future be trained lit Caul - field with Goodman, Iteadford, and ..Mar tin, by It. Wren. ' , Our Relitiea eorrespondeiit writes:— As ! n great number of the spectators jit the Mclnicii sliowv- w-bleli took place on Wodncsilny, con sidered that the ltlgli jump, accomplished by Fnjrflcld and Strntliinoro wns niori> tbnn 0 fee'l 0 Inplies, Messrs. Bondlo riiiil Klcklmm on Frltliiy mnde n onrcful tnchsurcmcnt wlfh tlie ultl -of n spirit level, nnd; calculating train n level corresponding with the tnke-cjff, found a difference of K' Inches between' tlm rough iiiensuroiriciit of show day riiul-' the en refill measurement of yesterday. At the show on Wednesday Stratlimore iictiially at tempted to Jmnp 7 feet. Iliiliiault, Blii:sgiite and BedfortV'nrrlued from Adelaide on Saturday morning. ' They occupy boxes In C. Itudliigs's stable rit Caul- field. . ' . ' ' ,- , . -Fitdlndccii, who linn been long regarded as n doubtful starter, wnB scratched 'for the Melbourne Cup at 1.25 p.m., on Saturday. All liorses not /scratched for the V.B.C. Dc-rby, and tlie first forfeit. (£1) paid before I p.m. to-day, .will be liable for the' ' second forfeit,. £5. " i . i T. Lninond's! string ltnve reuclied C'nulflcld froin'Sydnoy. ' " | Backers bad Hie snme experience at MOorc- llelil on Saturday iis"tliey bad 'ut Flom- lngtou. Fields were particularly numerous, mid tlie Inst four winners were rank, out siders. ' The, betting public will be grritefni for ii'Obnnge of luck before the Cups" are run. , 