LADY WTNDHAM'S TFCANCB. A very curious story is told in the north* west of Somersetshire concerning a lady who lies buried in St. Derumr.n's Church, between Williton and Wstchet. Sir William IVyndbam, who ( ] ie0 in October, 1S85, mirrh-d Franco*, the danghtor o? Anthony Huug< lTord, of Fsiirley Castle. Several sots daughters WITO born to them, and thrn, much to the grief of h^r lor-t, the U-dy fell ill, snd apparently died. She wis put into a coffin, carried up tho hillside, and laid in the family vault in St. Decuman* Church, besido another Wyndhsm who had died sereral years previously. The mouni'ts returned to the nuw deflate home, ate the funeral bake-meals, drank the cun-.o!ia^' cup and retired to rebt. At midnight the sexton, oue Will Atlew. 11, might have bi-en seen croeping stealthily a'.oi g thr northern aisle uf 1 he charch. He had a lantern in one h»nd and a chisel and file in ths other. Going lo the Vyndharn vsv.it, he fore: d opi-u tho lid of the coffin, wbich had lo n deposited there a fev Lours before, ant! ti.o feeble li^ht from the lantern fell on tho pnllij face of Lady Wyndtam. Ecr thin, whltd bends were crossed over the breast, and on the Cr.gcrs gleamed the jewel led gifts of her lovii-K husband. At the sig"jt of tbese the strx'.on's eyes sparkled with delight, and he brgan to remove them from the tapering finger*. One by one they slipped off tte fingers, but a beautiful diamond rinfj the choicest gem the lady wore,refused to leave the hand of its dead mistress. Tho sexton took up bis file and be^au to cut through the circle of gold. As he did so the file grated on thd fksh and a drop of blood oozed out. How strange that a corpse should bleed t Then the band was tlowly withdrawn from Lis grayp, and the l&dy; Bat upright in he* coffin. Tbe seiton gave a (brick of terror and fled. Realising what had happened, Lndy Wyndham sprang out of her coffin, took up tlw lantern which the sexton in hi3 terror had left behind him and ren to her old home. The family had retired, but the noj^o eventually aroused a maid-servant, who looked out of tho window and thr°n ran shrieking through the house, " My lady's ghost is at the door 1" With a great cry the astonished hash: nd ran downs'sirs, unlocked the door, lbrcvr his arms around the breathing form of Lady Frances, and carried her into her room. There ho learnt the roe J us of her arrival, aud how it had been brought about. Lady Wyudham. so strangely rescued from a living tomb, recovered health nod eirerglh. and lived mpny years in the happiest union with her husband. In St. Decuoian's Church the tomb ot Sir William Wyndham may be seen, iriili figures upon it which are pointed out in joi.finu.v ion of the utorf. 