DATS OF DANGER. f COPYRIGHT.] UnrHllng Harridves of the Bashruging Times. Kemo's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. ' x, PERIOD, 1846. V FART 111. | Thsdepit of; Edwards' party tu on itftTMsHMy River, lome thirty mile* from Mount Valentine, and in four days ibii -waartsohed.SDd the 'chief sent in bU report. H« carefully omitted alt refer ?mi to the phantom, for lie ins aware tb® stttboritiss did not inolnde ghosts, tpecirss, or even fairies — unless stage Iinei-U ooming within the official lilt of exemptions from duty. ' Ths health of the party, ao the report stated, nt beginning to suffer, and ai a lirgl quantity of work had already been accomplished, JEvsn Edward* claimed for fife, party a spell in the, more settled MttL tor Lbf placs ha left was quite un settled. ' It might be added here thst tlw request wss granted, and never again tild the men visit the wild region they . qui tted, on duty. ' The finding of the sksleton,wes,- of dowse, the moat important communica tion .which had to be. made to tbe authorities, and it vas deemed so queer ♦Wi an exhaustive written statement and tbe photograph were forwarded to Hobart \- Town, where they went before the police. n^Tbtpboto. wasat ohm recognised as \- of * brutal wife murderer named a settler on the Norfolk Plains, tatgedy had ooourred nearly four previously, and the culprit had v t' Wrlrsrbeen brought to justice. It was ^Sfewtoa after the crime was discovered, Kbdlif all the facta pointed olearly to the :r'- ' lito^jjj^eiiii {'the' perpetrator, a close 7 , jitf^|ii(cdus quest was -made for him, -i ^lMluul diiappearsd a* completely ss Sff / If tbtearth'hfca opened abd swallowed SK^-V hins Aisb»U*tgve»Bel hsd left Sobart mPJiK: Town abont twanty-foar hour* after tbe gjfefr.;* deed .jfrae committed, and the police gtjafe-' ; Imw^U'lrcn convinced, as their Bpfc?.. ; 'sstochjn-the oolony was fraitless, that v ? JaaVehtoad^een fortunate enough U- get : - ' ship. . Efforts were made to aearobed st ber port of Ri^fv -'arrivsljhiotat there wan no cables in JS§$F'**i those days the attempt proved quite \- abort! ve^iend the memory of Jensen's' iff V ' '? v,W^js«fsaUe forgotten. . L:. wst unexpectedly revived, and W;' . - faatBtnner which left no doubt in the Sjf. jaindiof thn high officials that the ||jf: ? 4mnrder8r had never left tbe colony, but Hj£'. . hWjtd'to the farthest western regions, . *nidth~ere perished miserably. It was ri . ^trite likely (hat the' man would either |||y - tdce c'rdastroy hit likeneu if only from pfeV. tyhidratinrrflasoni, ss if it ' fell into tbe ?;?!? . 'the polioe they wonld re if :-. wwlnoeit, and, sending it to different r S-ar^s,jaasist inhit detention. Be might £v llftve.hedja apeoial reason in desiring its K^y'- ; .prMryatibn, and that would aeem to be '*£. ? . 'ao ftbm the care he took inaaving it. pT*' - : ~ That whs the common view held, and tlwijie had periehed waa now beyond all V- shadow of doubt. That much was solvpd, ?; yettherawatone point whioh remained . to bp cleared up. When Jensen dis -appeared two other settlers also were ; v mi«ma from ft neighbouring farm. They ' werepartnera named John Duffy aud o.' Thomas Worrsll. w* A fortnight later the body of Duffy was discovered in the Derwent River on which their farm abutted, aud as a bost j;/' which tbey frequently used was dis covered overturnedsome dsys previously, -thiere waa every reaaon to believe that .the tiro men had met a watery grave. The body of Worrall waa never found. It. was only the revival of the tragic story of Jensen's crime which resurrected from the grave of memory the strange fate which had befallen the -two men — ?Duffyaud Worrall — but beyond a few pasting allusions to it, there wsb little gosaip. It was different in Jenaen's affair. The newspapers of the day took the subjeot up, and it afforded an excel lent theme to harp on for some weeks. j4* Murder will out,' and 'The Ourse of Oain,' were some of the titles which the writers used in dealing with the subject, but the nine days' wonder was soon over, and gradually the memory of Jensen's crime and hia fate faded from the public mind. Providenoe had atepped in and dealt out justice to the murderer when human effort was in vain. A iBAnnil atirTAV na.rl.t7 tvu At*. nnAA 1 despatched to take up the work unfinished by Edwards. This wob under the control of a man named William OunBidine, and ,hb it would not be polite on the part of Ed wards aud his men to try and frighten off their unevied aucceaaors, they said nothing on the question of ghoats. The story of the skeleton waa of course public property, but it wss not an uncommon occurrence to unearth human remains in the bush, and Oonaidine and his four men were not at all moved at the thought of working in a district where the bones of a wretched mortal had been discovered. A fortnight from the time Edwards left tbe haunted spot at he imagined, Oon aidine took up the same small clearing near the big tree for his camp. This was quick work, but it so happened that when Edwards arrived at the depdt, Conaidine and hia party were already equipped to go whither the diBtrict sur veyor wiehed to send them. Of coarse, the first spot uf interest to the newcomers was the grave, and they viewed it with more than uaual care, fur it marked the laat resnng-place of a desperate scoundrel and one who must have been possessed of no common courage, skill, and endurance to reacli the locality where hia bones were found. It was not reported that he had ever commilted any robberiea or aaaaults in order to obtain food for the hundred mileaor more of rough country which he must have traversed, and if he kept the Lake Diatriot, or even further weat, it was marvellous how he had managed to live. Conaidine and hia men knew full well the perils of such travel, and they concluded that although he must have atarted away with a good equipment of food and.storea, most remarkable courage and peraevoranoe waa shown by him. On the 2flth May, Conaidine and party Arrived at (lie 'Grave Tree,' and next day aotive operations wnre coniinued. Tlie chief waa one who believed that it was most advisable to keep the oamp well supplied with freah meat if poasible, and there waa a man continually told off ? ' wii.h the pun for the purpose of securing wild fowl, kangaroo, or such other snimala as might 'he suitable for food. The reports o! gunshots sounded fre-1 quently during the day, and they helped to give a^orwoivOisMtbse— if such msy be ssid-^4« the wild distriot. A week aftsr tht amval of the party, Graham,. the oook, who was always left in camp, reported that the beef. barrel wss getting low, and in face of the fact that ao much fresh meat was used, this wss somewhat pooling. ' Did jou weigh it st the dep6t when it was banded over f asked Cunsidine, 'No, air. It was given to me as two hundredweutbt nett by thestoreman, and 1 look that as being correct. It ap peared to be qaiie that when we placed it in tbe waggon.' Oonaidine, it might be stated, hsd msnaged to bring a wsggon into the j ragged district. This was due to Evan Edwarda, who reported that there was a fairly practicable route, which he kindly sketched out. for him. This waggon proved very handy, but there was every likelihood that it Wonld have to be aban doned as they went further on. Of course it could be picked up again on the return. ' Well, there couldn't have been that amount in it. We haven't eaten much since oar srrlval. How loug will it last under the present ciroumstanoes ?' ssked Ccnsidine. * Not more than a fortnight,' waa the answer. The chief went away mattering male dictions on the beads of the survey con tractors for their supposed dexterity in chesting, ana vowing he would . have everything weighed under his own eyes in future. Ot coarse, everything was chsrged sgainst the camp, and the more that wss'consumed the less money there was to draw when the party returned. Two dsys later tbe cook, who was also storeman, had an even worse tale to tell, and one that caused no little commotion and mystification in the camp. A pair of boots and a whole snit of clothes were missing from the waggon, and there was evidence tbst the biacuit-barrel had been' tampered with. The question at onoe arose, ' Which of the party could have been gailty of so dispicsble an act, and what earthly reason wss there f of the theft?' ' Oonsidine called his men together and told them whst had happened. He did not for an instant suspect any of them of the theft. They hsd been with him almost continuously for two years, and were most trustworthy fellows. He wanted their advice, bat they had little tvgivp. ' If it wss only a mere matter of the food going I shoald ssy there was a vagabond aboriginal prowling about, bat blacks don't run away with strong boots and clothing. That is where the mystery comes in, and yet there mast be some explsnstion far the affair,' spoke the leader. * Are you sure the articles were not loet on the journey f asked one of the men. ' Yes, quite certain ; for I oaly took them ont of the cheet yesterday. They were hanging np in the waggon, and you might have seen them for yourself. Besides, l-e noticed little bits of food disappear theflbme way. There was that half-eaten duok yesterday. I oouldn't find it when I wanted it,' answered Grshsm. ' Oh, some animal might have carried that away. I wouldn't think mnoh of that,' replied the first speaker. ' We must make a thorough search in the morning around this place and aee if there ia anything that will assist ua to discover th&thief;, who, in my opinion,' must be white and not black. We may drop on some tracks thst may put ns on tbe scent. In the meantime it will be I necessary to keep a watch at night. I'll | take my tnm the same ss any of you,' spoke Oonsidine. This waa a sensible step and was duly carried out, but nothing occurred to dis turb the harmonv of the camp. In the morning a close search was begun, but it proved quite fruitless. The tracks of horses and men were numerous, but there was no distinguishing whether they were those of friends or foes. Some of them had probably been made by Ed wards and his men, and others by the present party ; so after a conple of hours search the quest wss abandoned as useless. On leaviDg the camp striot instructions were given Graham to keep a keen watch, for it was almost certain the previous robberies had been carried out daring the day. A further precaution was taken in removing the -waggon from the tdge of the scrub to the centre of the clearing. In fact, that step should have been taken at first, though, of course, no one even suspeoted that there was as much as an aboriginal in the locality. Each man, including the cook, carried a revolver, and they would not have hesitated to use them on any intruder whom they sus pected of1 pillaging intentions. On the second day after this event Mesley, the man usually entrusted with the task of obtaining game, oame baok to the camp a oouple of hours after he had left it and exoitedly aeked where Mr. Oonsidine was. ' Right ahead in the track, Tom. What have yon found ? Tou look regular akeared,' Graham asked. ' Well, I've found another camp, Bill, and not a great distance from here. I just stumbled on it when chasing a wounded wallaby, and my word it's a snug place. I believe we're going to make a queer discovery, for it seems to me like a white man's caboose. I cleared out in a hurry, for I thought every moment a gorilla orsomething else might come along. I must go at once and see Oonsidine,' answered the huntsman. ' Gorilla be blowed. There ain't no gorillas about here, but I expect you'll nab the fellow that's been stealing onr things. We'll make it hot for him, *IV-m,' replied Graham. The latter scarcely heard the cook's remarks, for he whs hurrying along the track to see Conaidine, and in a quarter of an hour he returned with the whole party. The chief regarded the news as serious, for he armed all the men, and leaving one with Graham, in oompany with the other two he started under Mesley's guidance for the spot which had so Htartled the latter. The route taken was due north from thecamp and towards the densely wooded peak of Mount Valentine. The country waa exceedingly rough, for notonly were thecreeping plants in vigorous luxuriance but huge masses of rock (all granite at timea; blocked the way. These piles were much worn, and the decay of agos was most apparent. In some places moder ately aized trees grew on the rock.i, for the tiipn had crumbled away and mixed with earth. Occaaionnlly narrow gullies intersected the sides, and it wsb to one of theae which Mesley led his comrades. The entrance was overgrown with bauri vine, and in almost total darkness the three men went along beaide a babbling brook which wended its course from the mountain aide to the adjacent river. After about a hundred yards the scrub ceased and '.no sunlight poured down, revealing a magnificent Bcene. The sides of the glen had become transformed into j walls of rock which grsdually rose in s j slope until they were not less than one hundred feet oil either tide. They did not go ,np sheer, but in« series of gigsntic steps, which gave the place a most unique appearance. The centre of, the glen wss covered with vegetation, which relieved the eye. The scrub gave piece to tree-ferns, musk, laurel, and other plesasnt-looking growths, aftd»it was evident tbst the inhsbitant of the plsoa (whoever he or she was) must have had an eye to beauty as well as comfort when the glen waa selected at an abode. ' You must be careful now. The 'den' is only a hundred yards away in yonder hollow,' spoke Meslty, pointing to a email Trcess in front. At, this point the psrty found tbat by some convulsion of nature a huge 'bite ' had been taken out of the rock walls to a depth of about twenty feet. The re cess made waa semi- ciroalar, and each at might be made by tbe bite of some disbolic mouth. Kern- trees hsd grown in front in such a way as almost to form s natural barrier. Tbe trunks were only s few feet spart, whilst sbove the branches interlsced in a besutiful manner. Wild musk, ssrupsrilla, snd other pleasing shrubs grew between, and there was only one well-defined pssssge which the first glance showed had been often used by man or the lower anitpals. 'The wounded wallaby got through there, and that's how I found the plsoe,' whispered Mesley at they silsntly and cautiously Went on looking to see that their weapons were in order. 'How do you know thst only one person lives here ?' ssked the chief as they n eared the spot. ' There is only one smsll bunk so far at I could see. That's sll I go by. There i msy be half a dosen if I'm wrong in that respect,1 replied Mealey. ' Well, if ao, they cannot be white men, so thst we hsve little to fear. Let ns go right in. Perhsps ths tenant has not returned yet,' said Oonsidine. Psssing through the sperture of the natural rsmpart a queer acene met the eye. There wss a ledge of granite about ten feet in height and quite flat on top. It waa fully twenty feet squsre and was approached by two or three rough steps psrtly formed by nature and partly artificial. On the mount was ereeted a smsll hat, though in fact there was little need for it, as thetoeks above snd around formed a natural shelter. Glsmbering up on the smsll plataan, Oonsidine was followed by tbe two men, and it was sp parent the occupant bad not returned, ss there waa no resistance offered and no ; visible presence. On one side of the ledge a tort of natural fire-place waa formsd, and it hsd every indication of having been used for a long time. Some unbarnt fuel wsa still piled in a corner ready for use. Approaching the hut the examination | was continued. The place was fairly, well lighted, for the sun waa streaming , down upon the place, and the men were | enabled to get a desr view of the interior. At the end waa a email bunk about aix feet long by three broad, and it was plentifully supplied with the skins of I ltsngsroo, wallaby, oppossum, and other ' animals. Several rough spears were standing in one corner, whilst a far csp wss hanging from a peg in the wall. A i small piece of corned beef was lying on a moat ingenuioualy-made stone-piste, , which had beeri .-laboriously fashioned from a slab of granite. In a corner of the room was a large hollow atone like a basin, and it was quite likely that the occupant used that for boiling water and cooking meat when obtained. 'That corned beef ought to be evi dence against this fellow, whoever he may be, but I don't know how you arrived at'+he conclusion that the tenant is a white man. A blackfellow might have just snch a place,' said Conaidine. ' Oome out here and I'll show you,' answered Mesley, who hsd evidently taken a much closer survey of the place 011 his first visit than he ststed, 'Look there,' he went on as he led them to the face of the granite cliff near the baok of the hut ; ' blackfellowa don't write like that, do they ?' As he spoke he pointed to the cliff, and with unfeigned surprise the men read the following, roughly but deeply cut out of the rock: 'CaelJenhhn ' 'Jensen I Jensen I Where did I hear that name ? Why, that's the name of that murderer whose body— or skeleton — was found at the big tree yonder by Evau Edwards's party. It's queer, cer tainly. The fellow must have lived here. The thought makoe me shiver,' remarked Conaidine in wonder. ' But who lives here now ? That's what I want to know,' asked Mesley. ' No one so far as I can see. The place may not have been inhabited since Jensen died. You see it is so well pro tected here that the hut would remain in its usual stste for a long time, replied Oonsidine. ' But the corned beef hasn't been here sinoe Jensen's death, which is supposed to hsve taken place about three yeara ago, and that fire there was alight less than a week ago,' peraiated Mesley. ' 1 had forgotten all about the beef. I suppose it must be an aboriginal whohaa found the retreat. It is a real nice little nook and no mistake. If I had to live in the wilderness myself I shouldn't mind just such a spot,' Conaidine said. ' My opinion is that a ^hite man or two is still about here. You said a few days ago that blacks did not steal boots and clothea, and I agree with that. Then who took our boots and clothes ?' asked Mesley. ' How can I answer such a question. There ia, of course, a mystery about the whole thing which time alone may answer. In the meantime we will set a watch and try and find the secret for ourselves. It may come sooner than we think. If thrrelsa wild white man in the locality it is our duty to discover sll we can about him and let thn authorities know. We will ststion two men here for a few days. 1 snd Jack will remain till to-morrow morning if you'll bring us up a little food. You can stay also, and toll them at the camp to keep a sharp look out, for the fellow may try to carry off more stores. He must be running out of provisions by this time,' observed Con sidino. To Bs Continued. 