CATHOLIC MISSIONS AND WORE FOR LEPERS. The 300 dioceses, Vicariates Apostolic or Prefectures, aided by the scanty resources of the (Euvre de la Propagation de la Foi, witness every day the marvellous works wrought by their untiring zeal—'works which very often are overlooked and slighted by men, but which are written by God in golden letters pi the Book of Life. Now and then the name oi one of these noble apostles is made known to the public. But the apostle whose name is thus revealed can well say that he is not alone—that there are legions of other apostles who are not inferior to him. A few days ago, when reading some lectures on leprosy, we instinctively thought of the heroic Fr. Damien, and could not help saying to ourselves that his kindness, zeal, charity, self-abnegation, ana the compassion he had for all who suffered, are to be found in the hearts of countless Catholic missionaries. God manifested to the world the heroic virtues of this servant to show to all men the heroism and self-sacrifice of our Catholic missionaries. Molokai has many rivals nowadays. In the Marquesa Islands the members of the society to which Fr. Damien bej longed have established several leper hospitals. In Madagascar the zealous sons of St. Ignatius have been entrusted with two hospitals for lepers, one situated at Ambahivoraka, near Tananarivo, on a mountain 4500 feet above the level of the sea, and the other at Marana, in the provinces inhabited by the Betsileos. In the Vicariate Apostolic of northern Zanguebar (East Africa), the Fathers of the Holy Ghost have opened a large leper hospital, and for many years the same missionaries have been in charge of the Government leper hospital in the Isle of E&mion.; A few years ago the Isbs of Belep, in the North of New Caledonia, were transformed into an immense hospital for lepers under the patronage of Our Lady of the Seven Dolours. The Marist Fathers and the Sisters of the Third Order of Mary attend to the poor unfortunate creatures who are sent there. On 27th May of last year the new Bishop of Curacoa, Mgr. Van Baars, consecrated the chapel of the Dominican nuns of St. Catherine of Siena, built on the premises of a leper hospital situated at Cocorite, near Port of Spain, in Trinidad Island. In the spring of the year 1895 some other Sisters belonging to the same society opened a leper hospital in China, in the Vicariate Apostolic of Eastern Kang-si entrusted to the Lazarist Fathers. In April, 1896, an immense crowd assembled on the quay of New Orleans to bid farewell to four Sisters of St. Vincent de Paul, who in the bloom of youth were leaving their country, parents, and friends, to devote themselves to the care of lepers on the shore of the Mississippi. The Fathers of the Missions Etrajigeres started in Tonquin the leper hospitals of San-TayandNam-Dinh. Last year the missionaries of the same society founded near Phuc Nac, in Vicariate Apostolic of Ninh-Binh, in "Western Tonquin, another leper hospital, which numbers already more than 200 inmates. They have also one in the southern parts of Japan at Gotemba, in the Vicariate Apostolic of Tokio. Two years ago in the north of Europe two small hospitals were opened by the Catholic missionaries in Iceland, where the lepers are very numerous. These two establishments are under the direction of four Sisters of St. Joseph of Chambery. To have an idea of the hardships and sufferings the Catholic missionaries and nnn g ave to endure there, our readers must now that this island is covered with ice or eight months in the year, and with ogs all the year round.—" Ceylon Catho- lic Messenger." ? ? What is told in the ear is often beard a hundred miles off. ^At TOOIiB JJBOS., Richmond, are to be procured the very oream'of Eootch. and Irish TOriddM,Includ. HgJohn Jameson and Son'i Irish, and a bleed of 3wu® epeolally selected and put up ,far them Jn the mgMauds. By arrangement, they are the proprletore oi" trivaJMe" Branay, about 16 yeare old, the «Mtprpduood In Francs, and of whose ouallty Mr. 