? ACES of Australian Governors :—Brassey, 02 ; Buxton, (il ; Gormanston, 61 ; Smith, 59 ; Hampden, 57 ; and Lamington, 38. PREMIER RETD, say the local papers, is learning to speak French. Well, they do seem to be running short of Premiers in France just now, and have nearly used up their stock. DOES the Czar propose to go b ick to the principles of the old song : " Let those who make the (juarrelB be the only ones' to light'.' " Lawyfats are necessary cVils."—Chief Justice Madden. The statement is partially correct. Dehte the adjective, and it is perfect. Perhaps His Honour meant to say : " Lawyers are necessarily evils." MR. ISAAC A. ISAACS, the brilliant Attorney- General, is understood to be a likely winner of the Ermine Stakes when Sir Hartley Williams retires. "IAN M'LARKN," who started the Kailyard boom, is due in America about February next on a lecturing tour, and an effort will be made to induce him to extend his trip to Australia. GOVERNOR BRASSKY is a fully fledged barrister, and achieved a distinguished record at Oxford in the successive stages through which he passed to his degree. His strongest point is history, in which he is an honourman. .1 OLIOS YOGEI-, one-time New Zealand Premier, has of late years kept himself very much in the background, from which, however, he is about to emerge when an opportunity occurs for him to make another effort to be elected to the British Parliament. NOVELIST ANTHONY HOI-E, whose correct surname is Hawkins, has a great political ambition, and tried a couple of years ago for a seat in the House of Commons. He went to school with General Kitchener and H. H. Champion. (JooLMocitN MEMBER ".TIM" ASHTON, who refused a portfolio in the P^eid Ministry, is a Victorian native. He went first to New South Wales as editor and part proprietor of tne Rire.iine Grosier. He is a Freetrade fanatic, ardent) single taxer, and simply worshipped the late Henry George and his work, AUKNTGENERAI, SIR ANDREW CLARKE is the son of a former Westralian Governor, and held portfolios in early Victorian Ministries. Though 64 be is very active, and delights in deer- stalking. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GOVERNOR BUXTON is an enthusiastic student of Natural History, and takes his pleasure in pursuing the giddy butterfly, the phlegmatic beetle and the native variety of straddle-bug. He has a fine collection of Australian specimens, and sternly discountenances the use of alcohol, except for the ironical purpose of pickling snakes. GKOUGK COLLJNS LEVEY, who will probably represent Victoria in the Greater Britain Exhibition, was the first to introduce quartz-crushing machinery into Victoria. He was the first in Australia to issue a daily paper at a penny. At present he is London correspondent to the A i/e. He is a familiar figure in London Bohemian circles, and is an inveterate first-nighter. He has just turned 63. WRITING recently to a Melbourne friend novelist, Fergus Hume, while admitting financial success, sighed for the absence of that literary eminence to which he aspires. He complains that people will not forget "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," and refuse to take him seriously. PREMIER BYRNES must have turned a somerset in the Last three years, if he is willing to espouse the cause of Federation. At the meeting of the Federal Council in Hobart in 1895 he made a masterful speech infivour of extending the control and operations of that body, urging that his colon}' was subject to different climatic conditions to the Southern ones ; in a word, Queensland would not. part with coloured labour. The speech made a profound impression on the members of the Council, and it was not Mr. Byrnes' fault that the Federal Council fizzled out so ingloriously. AT various times the suggestion has been- made for establishing a military college in Melbourne, for Australia. Tt would give us a rare prestige. What a grand thing it would be to have our native and Australian- trained officers fighting abroad for England. This, and the adoption of an Australian national flag, would do more for our continent chilli any quantity of red tape or lawyers' devices. Something is needed to rouse public sentiment, more potent than the little differences between Mr. Rcid and Sir George Turner, Sir G. Dibbs and Mr. Barton. Nothing like a sniff of war. SURELY the weak may be permitted to inherit the earth for a few months more, is the same old George's wail. This is all bis Ministry asks, and it is uieek enough in all conscicnce : " Keep us in till we have passed Federation—your Federation, not our Federation remember, and then turn us out." This is what Yes-No is begging now. He has given up his views, bis wishes and what he used to call his princ?ples, and it is not much to ask in return that until Federation should be consummated he may be treated in a kindly and riendly way. Now that the war between Spain and America is over, what fools become the men who have been maimed in that contest. Nobody thanks them, and they are only reminders of a hatchet which everyone wants to bury. What a moral there is in the neglect of the Balaclava survivors! Just when the last is dying there arises a spasm of national gratitude,' with an intense craving to provide a comfortable home for those long put to bed in the tomb. THE Government have long been burning the candle, or, rather, the electric light, at both ends of the town, but contracts have now been let for a central electric lighting station, from which Spencer-street jind the new Flinders- street railway stations, the Post Office, Parliament House and the Public Offices will be illuminated. This means a great saving in public money, and in addition there is a most important experiment contingent upon the new plant, regarding which MR. PUNCH will have more to say at a future date. BISHOP THORNTON, of Ballarat. claims to be a cousin of Sir Herbert Kitchener, the successful English General, and points out, for the edification of Australians, that the man of the Soudan is the son of a New Zealand settler. Be sure your successes (like your sins) will find you out. MR. BARTON is probably very sorry by this that he ever heard the name of M'Sharry or was induced to have anything to do with bis wretched arbitration case. This was just the thing for a man's political enemies to make much of, and the Reidites have made the very most of it in fighting the big Q.C. It tells, too ; and this and the power of the purse wielded by the Government may mean the loss of the Hastings and Macleay seat to the N.S.W. Opposition. The. Government policy is " purse and asperse," and it looks like being a successful one. THE Trott testimonial progresses well; and it is well it does. Trott is deserving of much consideration at the hands of lovers of Australian cricket, and if only as the captain throughout a sensationally successful campaign like that of last season should have a good pull on local pockets. Trott has done as much in his way for Australian cricket as ever Grace did for the English game, and we know how liberally the people at Home liave always treated W. G. The fact that an attack of sickness has laid the old favourite by the heels is a good excuse for the testimonial, and PUNCH would like to see a long fat purse result. This, by-the-way, is a Federal business—Trott is an Australian cricketer. TIIE father of Sir John Forrest is still in the land of the living. He is a liale, hearty, prosperous miller at Bunbury, Westralia. WORD comes from Sorrento and Q.ueenscliff that a number of sharks have made their appearance during the last week. " it's more than passing strange," said Judy, "for the vacation has not begun yet," JUDGE WILLIAMS again talks of retiring, and there is no doubt but that he wili climb down from the Bench this time. He is entitled to a pension of £1500 a year, and lots of us would be happy to retire on the same terms. According to His Honour's own showing we do not need to fill his position, as we have been over-supplied with judges for some time past. POLITICAL AM UNTIES.—Mr. Moloney : "lam a member of the Melbourne City Corporation." Dr. Malouey : " One of the few good members in it." Mr. Hancock "Moloney on Maloney." . Mr.- Moloney : " Well, I suppose that is quite as good as Hancock on Hancock. There was a second Hancock in public life in this country once ; but, thank God, there is not a second pne now." THE late Empress of Austria was a Bavarian princess. She lived in England for some time, and used to hunt in the Midlands. The great sorrow of her life was the suicide of her eon Rudolph, about whose tragic death an Australian writer, Alex. Montgomery, has woveri a very interesting romance, " The Sword of a Sin." The interest created in the Austrian royal family by the assassination of the Empress should create a new demand for Montgomery's book. SIR HARTLEY WILLIAMS, who intends to retire from the Supieme Court Bench at an early date, is the second son of Sir Edward Eyre Williams, who was a judge of the Supreme Court in this colony for more than 20 years. His Honour was called to the English Bar in 1862, and was admitted in Melbourne in April, 186S, rapidly building up a large and lucrative practice at common law until in 1881, at the early age of thirtynine, he was raised to his present position. Sir Hartley seems to have a very impressionable nature, and is peculiarly outspoken, perhaps too much so. On one occasion he was forced to adjudicate in an equity. case, and he informed the contesting parties that his verdict would probably be as valuable as a settlement arrived at by "tossing for it." In "his youthful days he was a good all-round athlete, and almost up to Sir John Madden's class in boxing, while his energetic temperament finds an escape at the present day in tennis and cycling. THE once celebrated Kate Kelly, sister of Ned Kelly the outlaw, now married and settled down, is living in one of the suburbs of Perth} A M'LEAN sophistry.—" I find that the average price of meat for the three years immediately preceding the imposition of the Stock Tax was 3Jd. per lb. The average price for the last three years was 1|<1." Mr. M'Kenzie: " I am quite confident that comparing the average prices for cattle in the three years preceding the imposition of the tax aud during the last three years we would find a tremendous difference iu favour of the last three years." Mr. M'Lean: " Yes, there has been a great difference." Moral.—Meat decreases in price while cattle get dearer. SIR GEORGE T- ,,. ,„ of all amounts m-.. , iV,' e l Works poller to 11„. r r H they Bgr«. ? '^Wwdita well and good, j, hi, at once; Urn if u .i'.i'p-l'^ y« then it would |, c ,L n f' T wards to come <o 1 7 e work should be'' S opinion of llucomnu:-,- >'•?> accused of bavins ' ^FetO*: iTispi.cUcam^I?^^ represent Victoi w Exhibitions, but the M;)"./" 1 ' .r^® DO intention of mi'-^io©"^. do so. "" e "" £ea ' in Uw . VICTORIA'S EX-C^MI*^ RF P is gaid to have a v.rv aooffiw Australia in c o n n , , H , i f ® goldfields. The w f * ran! ' the West. A FE^ JF^ ^E official in business as Perth. <-y»i in Si. jt'-otge'a mail eulogises his - 1 paper to » pu.i.rmanw l>mnrn; at"^: concert, where he appear.! students of torium. The cnti M„ e draw" ^ "Herr Percy „. Grainier - a us Melbourne wav he rendered will, unxi B u e c e^ task—Brahms- Khapsodie in G-and poetic interpretation of the lntennmo same composer. Da. WILSON, an K^li.sh TXPETT HAG a new cure for drunkenness, Thii ktthorougbly reliable, and its cheapo within the, reach of the poorest and low" mamac. Dr. Wilson"s idea is to flog every time he gets drunk-tie him up angles, and hammer awav til] the h&: tired; and then loosen the"patient,and dose next time, This tystcm eels up nervous reaction, or something of the terrible repugnancy t-i drink follows in of .time. • We shouldn't wonder. We same treatment to be an effectual cure other little human vi eakncsscs. PROFESSOR SCHKNCK'S theory, that •female children is laigely due to much. food partaken of ity'Vlic mother, is qr out by an old nursery rhyme running :like this • > What are little girls made of r Sugar and spice And all that's nice— That is what little girls arc- made LISSON, the seif-accused murderer Gorrick, behaved in a niost ejtraoidro at the inquest in spite of the frequent id of • the coroner. Indeed, the threats of sounded almost ludicrous under ( To talk of committing for contempt says : " I know I shall haug, awi I { hang," is absurdly inept. The mam frame of mind can afloed to lavish lift found contempt on any court, aud all tl" CHRISTIAN EKWKAVOCREIIS have I ouB ;in.the city during the past week, an .there may be some excuse for the t upon the"organisation by Eome practi" few nights ago. These ways obtained badges and contrived io pin theui on "drunks "who got into the hands of Next morning hibiiu-* of the City shocked at the deplorable condition to temptations of the city had reduced monious brethren. THE Public Service Re classification Report has been definitely promised b next. Premier Turner is ourrently un dread the document so much thathe a successful wanv-of-contidence motion it. There is wisdom, honever, w p report so early iu rcve CMWN-PROSFATTOlt FISUTSOS IS acclaimed by Bench and Bar to be the of all aspirants tu the Supreme U Unhappily, however, merit IB notal matter considered v.hcn such appoifl made by the polityin whose gift MINISTER TA\T,K>KR'S idea of t~ Luffman, the horticultural expat t Horticultural Gf.vdei.s, to lecture on in suburban Town Halls ^ ^ ^ such measure for awakening OT™ can be wholly ' probably prove c.t conffible Taverners idea to awaken n young suburban.:, of hot\ « rural life and voyh, and the too, to thousand, t,i CIIIMHB fruit cultm' their own, and uv are all witii? that this )S one p-' 1 have too much of. ,.• THE Chief J F ^ J ^ S showing, been hooked oter a bull. The Anglian tall^ animal, is rather genU«> 80 - towards humans as a r " J shakes off bis lethar»' » | ? f Victorian politic.au bas a . dav when hew- standh«#4 . „f n wbw his^initialsinthebarkoU^ high into the air. He 18D« ^ ^d remained we^edgfe him pawed up the t-nri w his nostrils. The vf ^ ' ^ t i an hour, being unablertore Mceoan»intto^«Pj£ 0 free with an axe- bdl ^asdown before the n,^e, at«e the M.P. '; I J a I e^erer P So« D since then, but treed." CURRENT EVENTS. .•si.vAWT.MEsr.—A woman now has iJis; . ontract work for removing gatetk, ini- ouiiection villi the railways here, supervise* tin; work herself and |p<et ;; SVSK-M of (Jovernment costs the ifei rt<i,i" ! 'J per annum for both Houses IJ^iiktui'e, which works out at ,io7. per ' Elbe Home sits, or nearly £1 per minut fcaelusivL' of tlie sum represented, by pi* railway passes. a oue day al the accord eon, • weary and iil at ease, 1 noticed the neighbours also ^ere shaky about the knees ; jsl pumped the bellows wildly, ; Mmy lectli were loose, idawild-eyed depv.i ntion Me in, and used a noose. Bbre been laying ghosts in Bendigo with The method should bo pretty effecti ve, J sre less drastic ways of laying spooks, Wat rei-ommeml one thai was tried with pn aNew South Wales township. In this |&|l!0£t invariably made its appearance on ®tetpot, anil oue night when it started forth «fttold woman, it was seen to hop about in jffflicnlous manner, and was heard to utter |*«®of a commonplace order in lieu of the •"fling groans it usually employed. The wscrv brought the local blacksmith upon and he first hammered the trapped ^then handed the battered spook over to Jiie blacksmith, whose daughter had Pitted by the ghost, had laid a few spring spectre, and hud taken it fairly in gtemptd to ask if t he railway authorities Scanners excursions here are inspired EPWradeare to ,, r,ich the country pub- lican. Under the present arrangement tickets for an excursion must be purchased two days or so before the train leaves a township, so that an outback farmer must either make two trips to the station town, or stay for two days at the local pub. This is sufficient to deter a good many tillers of the Boil from making the trip at all. Would it not be sufficient for the purpose of the Department if the intending passenger sent a note to the local stationmaster, giving notice of his intention t POLICE SOPEBINTEXDKNT DEVINE, who retires from the force on Monday, was one of the prime movers in the agitation which obtained the ukase that all members of the force shall retire when they attain the age of 60 years. He is the first to retire in strict accordance with the new regulation, and, strange-to say, was the first to protest against its operation. Experience taught him its inexpediency. TIIE captain of the cutter Sea Ghost, which fell into the hands of the Solomon Island cannibals, was not eaten by his captors. He was tiie only white man and was killed and thrown to the sharks, whereas his native crow were baked and devoured. The writer recalls the assurances of an old South Sea trader, which are borne out by this incident: " Ic is a mistake to think the cannibal prefers a white man for dinner. He does not, and would not eat him at all were other provisions available. He knows the ordinary South Sea nigger to be much better eating, although a Chinaman is considered something of a luxury. It is the vegetable diet, I suppose, that makes the rice-fed Asiatic more palatable than the whisky - swilling, tobacco-smoking, meat-eating European." Hem ! Australia may yet do a boom trade in frozen Chow-Chow with the Solomon Islanders. Here is a magnificent opportunity of disposing of the Chinese difficulty. We do not find the Chinkey " nice enough to eat," but he goes down all right with the Solomon Islander. LABOUR LEADER TRENWITH is 51, and was a bootmaker at 9. AT a certain country town in N.S. Wales there were two candidates for Parliament, a well-known Sydney barrister and a "menial miner." The barrister attended service at the Episcopalian Church on the Sunday before election day, and found that the parson took for his text the words, "Choose Ye." Of course the discourse turned upon the approaching elections, and the congregation was exhorted at intervals by the words "Choose Ye." The opposition candidate was moved by curiosity to look up the chapter and verse and see what was tlie original choice, and to whom it was given. He did not know whether to be chagrined or amused when he found the incident referred to was that the Lord appeared to rebuke David for being too forward, and said to the people " Choose Ye—between a pestilence and a desolation." AT the same town, on account of the Ministerial colours being blue and the Opposition red, eome village wits tied red ribbons round the necks of certain dogs and blue ribbon around their tails, and called them "No-Yes " dogs. ME. C. H. JENKINS, the newly-appointed Government Metallurgist, has signified his intention of arriving in Victoiia to enter on his duties in two months' time. The salary attached to the position is £800 a year, and Mr. Jenkins will have complete control of all the Schools of Mines and Mineralogy generally. The engagement is for 12 months to begin, with the option of a ' three years 1 renewal at the expiration of that term. DE ROUGEMONT'S stories of his experiences in the wilds of Australia and in Torres Straits are very clumsy inventions indeed to an Australian who knows anything about his country, and the iact that he has got editors and scientists to believe in him in England is proof that editors and scientists at Home are placidly ignorant of the Antipodes. As a matter of fact, the waters in which De Rougemont professes to have gone astray are very well known to mariners engaged in the Asiatic- Australian trade, and the Australian country in which he discovered noble savages and great masses of gold is not by any means a terra incognita, but has been traversed again and again. The Wi !e World narratives would not have been possible in Australia, where there are many men knocking about who know both the blacks and the country the Frenchman writes about with such magnificent impudence. THE "big man competition," hit upon by the promoters of the St. Ignatius' school bazaar, is a good idea, and should prove a great draw when the event comes off. We have our Agricultural Shows and similar institutions to reward the proprietor of the finest horses or the most valuable swine and kine, but nothing in that way is done to recognise superiority in the human animal. At the above show there is to be an attempt to remedy this error, and prizes are offered for the biggest Irishman, Scotchman and Englishman exhibiting, and an extr.i special prize for the biggest man of any nationality. Now that Little Gulliver is out of the running, Lawyer M'Kean should have a big show in a competition of this kind. If the prize were for the biggest man in his own estimation, which politician would take the prize? By-theway, we believe it is untrue that Dr. W. Maloney, M.P., has entered for this competition. MELBOURNE bids fair to have a finger, or perhap a whole hand, in the startling Duke of Portland peerage pie. Already two Druces have arisen in our midst, one the manager of a large foundry in the city, and a second who follows the humble calling of a carpenter, and claims to be the missing son. Pending the disinterring of the coffin, no action is being taken by either claimant. A Morning Idyll. HE (at the cascrnr-nt): AWAKE,ilove, the dewdrops are fresh on the flowers. The mists of the morn melt the last shades of night, The birds sing a welcome from green leafy bowers, The sky in the east shows a faint rosy light ; And hark, love, the kine in the meadows are lowing, The dumb creatures know the approach of the day; They sniff tlie soft breezes of morn gently blowing, For with them comes wafted the scent of the hay. SHE (opening the window): How dare you, you wretch, thus from sleeping prevent me, To make me get up from my warm cosy bed ! Could I but get at you naught else would content me Than to pluck the lank hair by the roots from your head. I know you've been out with your friends all night drinking, Or you would not be here at this untimely hour, So oft' from my casement you : d better be slinking, And tell someone else that the dew's on the flower. HE (homrward hound): Oh, how can my sweetheart so falsely accuse me. When thoughts of her kept me awake half the night? And how can her lips thus so basely abuse me For just intimating the morning was bright? Methought she would view with mine eyes nature gladly— Not one atom of poetry lies in her soul— To think that this creature of clay I loved madly— But I'm hungry; let's see—coffee, eggs, buttered roll THE Sydney University Women's Association (corresponding very nearly to Melbourne Princess Ida Club) is very wroth just now with Chancellor Maclaurin. This benighted Anti-Federal Scotch being who holds the reins of University power refused the use of the common room for an " at home," because he is afraid the students and their friends might dance there ! Marshall Hall may complain of conservatism and bigotry amongst the Melbourne University .Senate. Let him try the Sydney one ! Dr. Maclaurin is dearly hated by the students in Sydney, who almost worshipped Sir William Manning, and Sir William Windeyer was highly popular amongst them, 