Bi AIoo, G. SHeLDON, Authoroes of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XXIII. "O'0 GODI I KNEW ITI YOU ARE--ISAIEL I" WVith a somewhat reluctant air, Emil Correlli offered his arm to his sister and led liher toward the woman around whom a group of. diatinguishll people had gathorod, and whomn she woas entertaining with all ease and graco that proo'aimeod her perfectly at home among the cr emede la creme of society. Sho appeared not to perceive the approach of her hostess and her brother, but continued the animated conversation in which she was engaged. A special observer. however, would have noticed the peculiar fire which began to burn in her beautiful pyes-a gloam that, at first, was but a tiny spark, but which grew and grow until it became something dazzling. When Air Corrolli presented his sister, she turned with fascinating grace, emaking a charming acknowledgment, although she did not offer her hostess her hand. 'You are var5 welcome, Mrs Stewart," M rs Goddard remarked, in response to sme words of apology for being a guest in the hosoe without a previous acquain tance. "1 only regret that we have nat met before." 'Thanks ; I, too, deplore tile compli cation of circumstances which has pre vented an earlier meeting," was the sweet voiced response. But there was a peculiar shading in the remark which, somehow, grated harshly upon Anna Goddard's ears and nerves. " Who is she, anyhow '" she ques tioned within herself, with a strange fool leng of unrest and perplexity. " I never oven heard of her until after Emil came ; yet there is something about her that makes me feel an if we had met in some other sphere." She stole a searching glance at the woman's face, only to find lher great, luminous eyes fastoned upon her with an equally intenl gaze. "' Ah " and with this voiceless ojacula tion and a great inward start, some long dormant memory seemed suddenly to have boon aroused within her. There was an iostant of awkea-dnoss; then malatnmo, who seldom allowed any thing to disturb her self.posession, re marked: " I am sorry, MIrs Stewart, that you did not arrive earlier to witness our little play?" Blut while she was giving utterance to this polite regret, she was saying to her self : "Yes, there certainly is.a look about her that reminds me of- Ugh I She may possibly be a relative. or the resem blance may be merely a coincidence. All the same, 1 shall not like her any the better for recalling that horror to mto." "Thank you," Mrs Stewart replied; "no doubt I should have enjoyed it, especially as, I am told, it was original with you, and terminated in a real and very pretty wedding.' " Yes ; my brotler fnds that he must leave the city earlier than he anticipated ; and, as heo was anxious to take his bride with him, he chose this opportunity to celebrate his marriage, and to introduce his wife to our friends." "Ah I I did not even know that boan. aieur Corrlli was contemplating matri. mony. W\Vho is the favored lady of his choice P" Mrs Stewart inquired. " A Miss Edith Allen." "Edith Allen I" repeated the beautiful stranger, with a start. " tea," said Mrs Goddard, regarding her with surprise, not unmixed with anxiety. " Did you ever meeot her 1" "Is she very fair and lovely, with golden hair and deep-blue eyes, a tall, alender figure and charming manners 1" eagerly'questioned Mrs Stewart. " Yea, you have described her exactly," answered madame, yet secretly more dis turbed than before; " but I am surprised that you should know her, for she has boon in the city only a short time, and I did not suppose she had made a single acquaintance outside the family." "O h, cannot lay claim to a c anquain tanco with her, as 1 have only seen her once, and our meeting was purely acci dental," the lady responded. "She roet deroai me ellicient service one day when she was out for a walk, and 1 inquired her name." She thean proceeded to explain the nature of tlhat service and the accident that had called it forth, and concluded by remarking: "Allow me to say I think that Mon sieur Corrolli has shown excellent taste in his choice of a wife. 1 was charmed with the young lady, and I would like to meet her again. Will you introduce me '" and she looked eagerly about the room in search of the graceful form and lovely face which shie was so desirous of aseing, yet with a decidedly anxious expression in her dark eyes. "I am very sorry tlhat I cannot comply with your request," said Mnrs Goddard, flushing slightly, "but Edith is raher delicate, and the reception, after the marriage, was such a strain upon her that she fainted and was obliged to retire." "That was very unfortunato," Mrs Stewart observed, whilo the searched her companion's face curiously ; '" but trust that mnay lIavr the pleasure of meeting her later." " I cannot promise as to thae," madame roplied, "as it is my brothor's intention to go abroad as soon as hI can complete his arrangements to do so. although no data has been sot as yet. But-have you over mat my husband, Mrs Stewart ?" else inquired, as that gentlleman was seen approaching their way at that moment. ' No, f have never lhad that Iosor,"'' the lady returned; then added, with a light laugh : " 1 feel very smuchl like an intruder to be hero to-night as a stranger to both my host and hostess." " Prry do not be troubled on that ac count," madame hastened cordially to reply; " any friend of my brother would be a welcome guest, and I am charmncd to have made your acquaitatneo." " Thank you," responded thle beautiful stranger; but madame marvelled at the line of white encirling the scarlot lilps, as site eignalled to her husband and called him by name : " Gerald I" Ho glanced up, and both women noticed the expression of weariness and trouble upon Ihis brow. " You have ot boaen introduced to Emil's friend, I think," his- wife con tinued. "Allow ilme to present M1rs Stewart-Mrs Stewart, mny husband, MIr Goddard." Tie gentleman bewed with all his aceustomed courtesy, but did not fairly got a gliptsl of the lady's face until tlyhe both assumed an ulpri,.lht position again, when he found lhimself looking straight Into the magnificent eyes of his guest. As he mont tlhem it sooened as if aosae aneo Ihad stabbed himt to tihe Iheart, so sudden andl terrible was th shlck that Ite oxperiostesui. tie ohaisged sni involuntury grean into a cough. but ihe could not have been more Ghastly if he had been dead, while he continued to gazo upon her as if fasci nated. " Hal he heas noticed it also I" said madame to herself, with a sudden heart sinking. Then ronlising that something nuat bo done to relieve tihe awkwardness of the situation, she hastened to oberveo : " 'frs Stewart has only just arrived sile did not come in season to witness our little drama." AIr Goddard murmured smno polite words of regret, but feeling all tihe while as if he wore turning to stone. AIrs Stewart, however. responded in a pleasant vein, and chatted sociably for a few momnento, when, some other friends joining them, more introductionofollowed, and the conversation became general. Gerald Goddard improved this oppor tunity to slip away; but his wife, who was covertly watching his overy look and movement, noticed that he walked with the uncertain step of one who was either blind or intoxicated. A feoling of depression settled upon lher-a sense of impoending evil, which, try no she would, sihe could neither for got nor slhkol off. She began to be very impatient of all the glitter, glare. and gaiety around her, and told heorself that she would be heartily glad when tie last dance was over, and the last guest had departed. Truly, there is many al aching heart hidden bencath costly raiment, and glit tering jewels, and society is, to a largo extent, but a smiling mask in which people hold high rovels over the tombs of dead hopes and disappointed ambitions. Blut fashion anl folly must have their time ; and so, in spite of madame's heart ache and wearincss, the dancing and mer riuent wvont on, and no one dreamed of the phantom memories and the ghosts from out the past that were stalking about the beautiful rooms of that elegant man sion ; or that its enviable (1) master and mistress were, treading on the verge of a volcano whicnh, at any moment, w?as liable to burst all bounds and pour forth its furious lava tide to consume them. An hour later Mrs Stowart agai. sought her hostess and wished her good-night, remarking that circumstances which she could not control compelled her to take an early leave. "Al that is unfortunate, fcr supper will shortly be announced ; cannot you possibly remain to partake of it 7" madamo urged, with cordial hospitality. " Thinks, no; but I am promising my self the pleasure of mooeeting you again in the near future," Mrs Stowart returned, shooting a searching glance at her hostess her language and manner wore perfect; but, for the second time that evening, Anna Goddard noticed the psouliar shading in her words, and a chill thaI was like a breath from an iuoberg went shivering over her. She, however, replied courteously, and thlou Mrs Stewart swept from the room upon the arm of her attendant. Many earnest and curious glances fol lowed the stately couple, for the lady was reported to be immensely rich, while it had also been whispered that the gentle man attending liar-a distinguished artist -had long beon a suitor for lher hand; but, for some reason boat known to,leher self, the lady had thus far turned a deaf ear tQ his entreaties, although it was evident that she regarded him with the greatest esteem, if not with sentiments of a tenderer nature. After passing through the covered walk leadirg to the ho euso,tho two separated the gentleman to attend to having their carr.age called, the lady to go upstairs for her wraps. As she was about to enter the dressing. room to got them, a picture hanging be tweeon two windows at the eni of the hall attracted her eye. "An 1" she exc'aiencd, catching lher breath sharply, and moving swiftly to ward it, she seemed to forget everything, and stood, with clasped hands and heaving bosom, spellbound before it. It represented a portion of an old Roman wall-a marvellously picturesque bit of sconery, with climbing vines that seemed to cling to the grey stones lovingly, as if to conceal their irregular lines and other ravages which time and the elenmets had made upon theom; while here and there, growing out from its crevices, wore clusters of delicate maiden-hair for,, the bright green of which contrasted beautifully with the weather-boaten wall, and the darker, richer coloring of the vines. Just underneaoth, partly in the shadow of the wall, there sat, upon a rustic bench, a beautiful Italian girl, dressed in the costume of her country, while at her feet reclined her lover, his hat lying on the grass beside him, his handsomo face upturned to the maiden, whom it war evi dent he adored. It was a charming picture, very aristic, and linely executed, while thosubject was one that appealed strongly to tihe ton dereat sentiments of the human heart. Iaut the face of the woman who was gazing upon it was deathly white. Sho was motionless as a statue, and seemed to have forgotten time, place, and her sur roundings, as site drank in with her won derful eyes the scene before her. " It is the wall upon the Appian Way in Iome," she breathed at last, with a long-drawn sigh. " You are right, madame," responded a voico close at hand, the sound of which caused the woman to press her clasped hands hard upon her heaving bosom, though sieo gave no other sign of being startled. Thle next moment she turned and faced the speaker. It was Gerald Goddard. '.I heard no one approaching - I thought I was alone," shte said, as she lifted those wonderful eyes of hors to his. lie shrank frot heIr glance as under a lightning ilashl that had burst upon him unawares. But quickly recovering himself, he courteously remarked: " Pt'ardon mr--I trust I have -not startled you." " Only momonlarily," site replied; then added, " I was admiring this-paist ing5 it is very lovely and- most faithfully portrays the scene from which it was copied." " Ah I you reoognise the - the locality" ? " I'erfoctly." "You-you have been in-Romoe " the tan faltered. 'tl1h, yes." tRecently I" There was a sort of breathless intensity about the man as he asked this question. "No; I was in Reom--in the year 18-" At this response, Gerald' Goddard ill voluntarily put out his hand and laid it upon tire balustrade, near which he was standing, while he gazed spellbound into the proud, beautiful face before him, searching it with wild, eager eyes. After ca moment he partially recovered himself, and remarked: "Is it possible ? I myself was in IRome during tile samte year, and painted this picture at that time. \Vore--wore you in tile city long 1" he concluded, in a voice that trembled in spite of himseulf. "Fromn January unltil-until-Juno." For the second time that evening tIr Goddard suppressed a groan with a cougih. "Al I It-is a singular col.aidenco, is it'uot, that I also was there during those months '" he finally managed to articulateo. " A coincidence '" his companion re poated, with a alight shifting of her shapely bows, a curious gleam in her eyes Then throwing back her head with an air of defiance which was intensified by the glitter of those magnificent stones which crowned her lustrous hair, and with a peculiar cadence ringing throuah her tones, she observed : "'Romo is a lovely city-do you not think so 7 And, as it happened, I resided in a delightful portion of it. Possibly, you may remem ber the locality. It was a charming little house, with beautiful trcs--oleander, orange and fig-growing all around the spacious court. This pretty ideal home was Number 30, Via Nationalo." The wretcheod man stared helplessly at her for one brief moment when she had concluded, then a cry of despair burst from him " Oh, God I I know it I You-you are Isabel I" " Yes." "Then you were not-you did not-" "Dieo No," was the brief response; but the beautiful eyes looking so steadily into his soemed to burn into his very soul. A mighty shudder shook Gerald God dard from head to foot as he reeled back ward and leaned against the wall for support. '"Oh, God I" he cried again, in a voice of agony, then Ilis head dropped heavily upon his breast. His companion gazed silently upon himnt for a minute; then, turning, sae brushed by him without a word and went on into the drossing-room for her wraps. Presently she came forth again, en veloped from head to foot in a long earment richly lined with fur, the scarlet lining of the hood contrasting beautifully with the clear, flawless complexion and hier brown eyes. Gerald Goddard still stood where hie had left him. She would have passed him without a word, but he put out a trembling hand to detain her. * Isabel I" he falteofed. "Mrs Stowart, if you please," she corrected, in a cold proud tone. " Hna you have married again I" he exoclaimed with a start, while he searched her face with a despairing look. " Married again f" she repeated, with curling lips. " I have not so perjured myself." "But-b -ut-" "YVe, I know what you would say," shoe interposed with a proud little gesture ; " nevertheless, I claim the matron's title, and 'Stowart' was my mother's maiden nlleo," and she was about to pass on again. " Stay " said the man, nervously. " --I must see you again-I must talk further with you." " Very well," the lady coldly returned, "and I also have some things which I wish.to say to you. 1 shall be at the CJpoly Square Hotel on Thiursday after nIon..I will see you asno early as you chooso to call." Then, with an air of grave dignity, alo passed on, down the stairs, without cast ing one backward glance at him. Thel man loaned over the balustrade and watched her. She moved like a queen. In the hall below she was joined by her attendant, whom she welcomed with a ravishing smile, and the next moment they had passed out of the house to gether. - "Heavens Il and I deserted that woman for-avirago I" Gerald Goddard muttered, hoarsely as he strode, white and wretched, to his room. COAPPER XXIV. SYou sieALL NEVER WANT FOR A ElaSEND." Up in the third, storey poor Edith lay poen her bed, still in an unconscious state. 'All the wedding finery lhad been re moved and carried away, tand site lay scarcoly less whiteo than the spotless robe de ettti she wore, her lips blue and pinched. her eyes sunken and closol. A physician sat beside her, his fingers tpon her pulse, his eyes gravely fixed open the beautiful waxen face lying on t"he pillow. Twvo housomaid, looking frightened and anxious, were seated near him, watching him and the still figure on the bed, but ready to obey whatever com mand he might issue to them. Evory few monmenta he administered sonm restorative, and, from time to time, had the hlot water bott!ls changed and replaced at the girl's foot and limbs. This last swoon was the third, of which Emil Correlli had told his sister ; but the pulse had not become so feeble this time, and Doctor Arthur believed it would not be of l:uch long duration as the others. Still, the case was serious enough to make him look very grave and to be very watchful for the slightest change. After introducing his sister to Mrs Stewart, Emil Correlli slipped away from the scene of gaiety, which had become almost maddening to him, and mounted to that third storoy room to enquire again regarding the condition of t ile girl hoe had so wronged. "No better," came the answer, which made him turn cold with dread, and a terrible fear to take possession of his heart. What if Edith should never reviveo What if she should die in one of these dreadful swoons ? His guilty conscience warned him that he would have beoon her murderer. lie could not endure the thought, and, slinking away to his own room, he drank deeply to stupefy himself, and then wont to bed. Gerald Goddard also was strangely exercised over the fair girl's condition, and half an hour after his interview with MlIrs Stowart he crept forth from his room again and went to soe if there had boon iani ihage in her condition. SYes," Doctor Arthur told him, " shle is coming out of it, aind, if another does not follow, she will come around all right in time. If you could only find that hlousekoopor," he added; "she must have good care through the niillt." "1 will go for liher again," said Mr GOoddard, and then he started downstairs upon his quest. He inot the woman oil the second Iloor asd just conins up the back stairs. " Ahl Mrs Weld, I am glad to find you. We have needed you sadly," he eagerly exclaimed. "I ac sorry," the woman replied, in a regretful tone. "I was unavoidably engaged aod eamo just as soon as I was at liberty. What is this I hoar ?" she coltinued, gravely ; "'what is this story about the poor child being cheated into a real marrioge with imadaamo's brother 7 Is it true 7" " Hush I no one lust hear such a version," raid \Ir Goddard, looking a-n. xiously about him. Ile then proceeded to explain some thing of the miatter, for he saw that sbe kuote' too much to keep still, unless she was told more, and cautioned not to dis cuss the matter witll the servants. "I know nothling of the plot until it was all over-I swear to you I did not," lie said, when alho begun to express her indignation at the afl'air. " I never would have permitted anything of the kind to have bkcu carried out in my house, if I had suspected it. It sceums that Correli has boon growing fond of her over sirnce he came. She has refused him twice, but he swore that he would have her, in spite of everything, and it seems that he con costed this plot to ancomplish his end.'' " Well, sir, ho is a dantardly villain, and, in my opinion, his sister is no better thanr himself," llrs \Vold exclaimed, in tones of hot indignation, and then she swept past him and on up to Edith's room. She opened the door and entered just as the poor girl heaved a long sigh and nuclosed her eyes, looking about with complote consciousness for' the first time since she fell to the floor in the parlor helow. The physician immediately adminis tared a stimulant, for she was naturally weak and her pulses still feeble. As this began to take effect memory also resumed its torturing work. Lifting her eyes to the housekeeper, who went at once to her side, a spasm of agony convulsed her beautiful features. "Oh, Mrs Weld I" she moaned, ahi vering from head to foot "Hush, child I" said the woman, bond ing over her and laying a gentle hand upon her head; "it will all come right, so just shut your eyes and try to go to sleep. I am going to stay with you to night, and nobody else shall come near you. Don't talk before the servants," she added, in a swift whisper close to her An expression of intense relief swept over the fair sufferer's fac_. at this friendly assurance, and, lifting a grateful look to the housekeeper's face, sihe set tied herself contentedly upon her pillow. Doctor Arthur then drew Mrs Weld to the opposite side of thelo'room, where lie gave her directions for the night and what to do in case the fainting should return -which, however, lie said he did not anticipate, as the action of the heart had become normal and the circulation more natural. A little later he took his leave, after which the housemaids were dismissed and Edith was alone with her friend. When the dror closed after them the girl stretched forth her hands with a ges ture of helpless appeal to the woman. " Oh, Ires WVeld," she wailed, "must I be bound to that wretch during the ro mainder of my life 7 I cannot live and boar such a fate I Oh, what a shameful mockery it was I I felt, all the time, as if I wore committing a sacrilege, and yet I never dreamed that I was being used so treacherously-" The housekcoper sat down beside the excited girl, whose eyes were burning with a feverish light, and who showed symptoms of returning hysteria. Sho removed heo spectacles, and, taking both of those trembling hands in hers, looked steadily into the troubled eyes. - "eny child," she said, in a gentle, soothing tone, "you must not talk about it to.night-you must not even think about it. I have told you that it will all come out right; no man could hold you to such a marriage-no court would hold you bound when once it was understood how fraudulently you had been drawn into it." " But who is going to be able to prove that it was fraudulent I" questioned Edith, with increasing anxiety. "Apps. rently I went to the altar with that man of my own free will; with all the sem blance of sincerity I took those marriage vows upon me and then received the con. gratulations of those guests as if I were a real wife. Oh, it was terrible I terrible I terrible I" and her voice arose almnost to a shriek of agony as sheo concluded. ?Bush I not another word I Edith, look at me l" commanded Mrs Weld, with gentle but impressive authority. . The young girl, awed to silence in spite of her grief and nervous excitement, looked wonderingly up into those mag netic eyes which almost seemed to betray a dual nature. " Oh, my dear Mrs Weld, you do not scom0 at all like yourself," she gasped. " What-who are you 1" - " I am your friend, my dear," was the soothing respcnse, "and I am going to prove it, first by forbidding you to refer to this subject again until you have had a nice, long sleep. Trust me and obey me, dear; I am goin, to stand by you as long as-you need a frtend, and 1 promise you that you shall never be a slave to the mnan who has so wronged you to.night. Now put it all out of your mind. I do not want to. give you an opiate if I can avoid it, for you would not be so well to mnorrow after taking it; but I shall have to if you keep up this excitoment." She continued to hold the girl's trom bling hands in a strong, protecting clasp, while she still gazed steadily into her eyes, until, as if overcome by a will stronger than her own-her physical strength beinc well nigh exhausted-the white lids gradually drooped, the rigid form relaxed, the lines emoothed them seolves out of her brow, and she was soon sleeping quietly and restfully. When her regular breathing assured the watcher beside liher that oblivion had secaled liher senses for a time, she bent over her, touched her lips softly to her forehead, and murmured : "Dear heart, they shall never hold you to that wicked ceremony- to that unholy-bond I If the law will not cancel it, if they have sprung the trap upon you so cunningly that the court cannot free you, theyshall at least leave you in peace and virtually free, and you shall never want for a friend as long aI-as-Ger trade Weld lives," she concluded, a pecu. liar smiloewreathing her lips. While this strange woman sat in that third storey room and watched her sleop ing patient, the hours sped by on rapid wiegs to the merry dancers below, very feo of whom concerned themselves about, or even knew of, the tragic ending of the nmrriago which they had witnessed earlier mn the evening. But, oh, how heavily those hours dragged to one among that smiling tlEaong I Anna Goddard could scarcely control her impatience for her guests to be gone -for the terrible fareo to end. Hlow terrible it all was to her not one of the gay people around her could sus pect, for olhe was obliged to fawn and smile as if sheo were in thorough sym tiathy with the scone, and to attend to ter duties as hostess and to all the potty dlotails'required by so-called etiquotte, in order to preserve the prestige which she had acquired for entertaining hand eomoly. But there was a deadly fear at her heart--an agony of apprehension, a dread of a fate which, to her, would have been worse than death. Her husband and brother had dis appeared entirely from the ballroom, a circumstanco which only added to her perplexity and distress. Whenl sie eaw signs of the ball break ing op sUe sent an imperative message to her lhusb.nd to join her, for she knew that it would cause unpleasant remarks if the master of the houso should fail to put in an appearance to "'speed the parting guest." But she almost wished, when he came to liher side, that she had not sent for him, for he seemed like one who had lost his hold upon every hope in the world, and looked so cold upon her that she would rather have had him plunge a dag 'or in her heart. fIt the weary evening was over at length- the last guest from outside was gone -the last visitor in the house had retired. lHer husband also had watched his opportunity, when she was looking an other way, and had slippod out of the room and upstairs to escapo having any complaints or questions from her, And so Anna Goddard stood alone in her elegant drawingroom, a most miseor able woman, mn spite of the luxury that surrounded her. She had overything that heart could wish of this world's goods-a beautiful home in the city, another in the country, horses, carriages, servants, line raiment, costly jewels, and fared sumptuously every day. But lier heart was like a sepulchre, full of corruption that had tainted her whole lfo ; and now, as she stood there beneath the glare of a hundred lights, so fair to look upon in her gleaming satins and lashing jeowels, it seemed to her that she would gladly exchange places with the humblest countrywoman if thereby she could bhe at peace with herself and with God, and be the contra of a loving and loyal family, happy in the porformnlce of her simple duties as a wife and mother. And this is a picture of but one among thousands of those who, to-day, are ap parently being wafted, by favoring winds, beoneath cloudless skios, along the top. most wave of that sea known as f?shion able society, but who carry an undying worm of discontent in their hearts-of resthe.onlss and longing that they will naeor attain, beauso if tho idle, useles, and sollish lives they lead. But those who live outside the pale of this gilded circle look upon it an a charmed existence and sigh for it, deopisa intg the simnple and peaceful paths they tread, but who would shrink back appalled could they peep behind the scenes and realise the truth. Finally, with a weary sigh, the unhappy woman went slowly up stairs, feeling as if, in spite of the smiles and complimonts which she had that evening received, she had not a real friend in the world. Going to her dressing-case, she began to remove her jewels. The house wan very still -so still that italmost seemed deserted, and this feeooling only seorved to add to the sense of lonoli. ness and dosolation that was oppressing her. Her face was full of pain, her beautiful lips quivering with supproared emotion as she gathered up her costly treasures in both hands and stood looking at themo a moment, thinking bitterly how much moneooy they represond, and yet honw little- real value they were to iher an an essential element in her life. "The diamonds are like crystalized tears-the rubesa like congealed drops of blood," she murmured, with a slight shiver, as aho moved towards her casket to put them carefully away. She removed the volvet.lined trays, thus revealing at the bottom the cushion, with its places for the tiara, necklace, anud other pieces of the set. She stood looking down into the box for a minute, then, as if impelled by some irreistible imspulse, shelto laid the priceless stones all in a hoIp on the table, when, taking hold of a loop, which had escaped the housekoeper's notice, she lifted the cushion from its place, thus revealing the papers which had buen concealed beneath st. She seized the uppermost ntet with anl eager hand. " I believe I will destroy it," she mousod. "I an afraid there la sonetling mnore in his desire to possess it than he is willing to admit, for Ithe is no determined to got passession of it." She half unfolded the document as if to oxamino it, when a sudden shock went quivering through lher frame and a look of amazoment orverspread her face. " What can this mean 1 sihe exclaimed, ilt a tone of alarm, as she dashed it upon the floor and seized another. This also proved disappoitlinSg. "It wal here the last time I looked I I am sure I left it on top of the others I" slto muttered, with whito lips, as, with trembling hands and heaving bosom, shso overturned overything in nearch of the missing document. lBut the most rigid oreamination failed to reveal it, antd, with a cry of mingled agony antd anger, alto sanik weak and trembling upon the nearest chair. " It is gone l".shoswlssporcd, hoarsely; "someons huas'tolon it I' Sihoe sat there looking utterly ;holpless: and wretched for a fuwsmossoutt . Then her eyes begat to blazc and her lips twitch spasmodically. '" He has done this 1" sihe cried, starting to her foot once more. " He told aoc he would have it, and ho hasr boon prowling around among my things until ho finally discovered its hiding- plaes. That was why he was absent so long from the ball room to-night." Seizing the papora stro had removed from the box, salto hastily raplacod tshen, also the cushion, restoring the jewels to their places, after which sin shut and locked the casket, taking care to removo the key from its lock. This done, she hurried from the romn, looking more like a beautiful fiend than a (TobesConlinued,) 