The Storyteller. -:o:- AULD ROBIN GREY Hush!' I replied, looking up, in my fear and terror* into his kind sympthising face. ' Colonel Gray, wiil you help me ? Mamma m ustn't know of this—it would kill her ! 5 'You may depend on me. Heaven help you, poor little Joyce !' he added pitifully at sight of my distress, as I cried but sobbing— 'Oh, tell|me—is he muck hurt ? j What has happened ?' * Heis only stunned, I trust. That! counfounded mare slued, and turned the trap over uqfcbatik, and your j poor father is insensible. But don't look sotemfied, joyefe; it may be nothing; and you must be brave now. I hear the carriage j they are bringing him ••lowly ;and I sent a man for Brandon.' . j ,* TdMhctu ploatse/ i faltered; ' to carry him to the drawing-room; and to, be very quiet!' Go to your mother,' said Colonel Grey; * you can do so good here. I will sec to all that is necessary. Go, <diild!' Something in his tone and face frightened me as he stood between me and the open door, where I saw a croud, and knew they were lifting papa out. * Papa is dead,' I cried, low and gasping, 'and yon are keeping it from me!' * On my honour, no, Joyce! If your mother sees you like that, she will guess. Go to her quietly; I will take care of your father,' he replied, in the low tirm toneof one accustomep to command and be obeyed ; anp slowly I left the hall, and went up the stairs and back to mamma's room. How thankful I was to find her still asleep in the dim firelight !— Cor, had I spoken, my voiee must have betrayed all. Cold and trembling, I sat by the open door and listened to the subdued steps and voices down-stain, till I could bear the susp -uce |no longer, and stole down Softly. Colonel Grey was coming out of the room, looking grave and vnxious. He had a piece of paper in, his. hand. ~' Brandon wants futher advice/ he said.. ' I am telegraphing -now for the best doctor in Dublin ; be will be here in the morning. I wiii come and tell you about your father when I have Sent my man off with this.' I went ino the dininS-room, where the fire had died out and the candlelight shone on the table still laid for papa's dinner—poor papa, who was lying so still in the next room. Colonel Grey followled me in a few moments, kind and sympathising, as usual. . , You mustn't ciy like that, child,' be said. ' its all right—only old Brandon is an old muff, and lost his head.' ' ColoneljGrey is papa mnch hurt?' I asked desperately. ' What is the use keeping anything from me ? I must know sooner or later.' Anxiously I scrutinised his face as he answered— ' I don't think he is danerous^ hurt. His left arm is broken, and he struck the back of his head; that is the worst injury of the two and that why I telegraphed to Dublin, Now you know as much as I do. And Jo5 T ce'—bending his stately gray head over my hand, which he was holding—' you must let me help you in this trouble. Don't let it fret you, child ; you are too young to have care yet. How old are you ? ' he asked suddenly. J Twenty-two,' I answered. ' And I am forty-five—old enough to be your father; and yet I think we are good friends, Joyce ?' 4 You have been a good friend to me,' I answered ' and I can do nothing to repay you.* 4 Perhaps I will ask for payment some day,' he said h rriedly, * And I wonder, little Joyce 1 if you would give your old friend the one thing he desires? ' For long that nig!it I wept as if my heart would brake, and clasped my hot hauds together passionately in the darkness' for 1 knew that Colonel Grey mesnt to ask me to b his wife, and I had but one answer to give him—that my heart, like my love, was with Harold over the sea. But 1 had to put all that from in* now, for my fathers life hung in the balonce ; and the cliiil wintry dawn found mestill up and dressed, trying to carry mamma's anxious questions, keeping my tear-stained face well out of sight as I answered her, speaking cheerfully and hopefully, while Colonel Grey and doctor Brandon kept anxious watch by papa down stairs : and at last, ofter the long weary night, the cold winter sua came slanting in through the dosed shutters, and I went down to hear how papa was. * He is consious, thank Heaven 1' said Colonel Grey, in answer to my whispered question. * Brandon says his life is saved ; b-it of course perfect quiet is necessary. And now— poor child, you look like a ghost!— do go to bed.' ' May I see him.' I asked, * just for a moment T ' Well—yes; I cannot refuse yo u. But you must not speak to him.' Just: one look, one kiss ; and I slipped away, to weep out my thankful- j ness that his dear life was spared. Che Dublin doctor, who arrived at noon, amply agreed with . .Doctor Brandon, and said there .was no, fur- tber - -dang^fy• :jwitb .car«l papa would soon tie well. I iknew that Colonel Grey fed that great man from Dublin, and I hated to feel our debt of {gratitude growing heavier—a debt that I dreaded his asking me to pay; and yet who could be kinder, more considerate than he ? : But for Gtey,' said poor papa, as I sat by him one afternoon during his illness, * the trouble and worry must have turned my brain ; but ft all smooth sailing now, thank Heaven. Ruin is a terrible thing, Joyce, Colend Gtey has been a good friend to us, child.' < Yes,' I assented with a little sigh ; 4 he is very land. 31 Papa looked at me hard. wish, Joyce, you had never engaged yourself to Harold.' J Why, papa ?'—in a quick fright ened voice. ' Because it was unwise both for you and him,' he answered and said no more. Nor did I, for I knew but too well what was in His heart when he spoke, and I vowed that, if our debt of gratitude to Colonel Grey was fifty |times heavier. I would be true to Harold, would keep my word to him always; and I grew almost to hate the sight of the tali well-known figure coming day after day, helping papa to arrange his affaire, doing many a kindly considerate act—putting things straight, he said, against the time papa was well and able lo undertake the appointment he was to obtain for him as easily as he seemed to do everything he wanted to do. * My faither couldna work, and my Blither couldna spin ; I toiled night and day, but their bread I couldna win. Auld Ko'iin maintained them baith, and ui, tears in his ee, Said, * Jeanie, for their sakes will ye no marry me ?' ' My heart it said na, and I looked for Jaime back ; But hard blew the winds, and his ship was a wrack, The ship was a wrack—why didna Jamie die ? Or why am I spared to cry,' Wae is aie 3" In spite of all my care and economy, bills would Accumulate, and there was no money to pay them. The tradesmen knew well enough things were not very flourishing at the Rill, and sent in their accounts accordingly. It was useless troubling papa ; he was ill. and, besides, had no money ; and, as to peor mamma, , 1 amply kept all the worry and trouble from her. Necessity is a wonderful spur to invention. I put down the bills that made my head ache poring over them, and wentoutinto the neglected kitchen -garden, where Barney was raking a border, 4 Barney,* I said, speaking very fast,' I want you to take Scamp to the fair at Bally Va to-morrow, and get as good a price as you can for him.' Barney was prepared to remon- strate ; so I walked away, saying my mind was made up ; and then went into the paddock where poor Scamp was grazing, and hugged him, and cried over him as if Jiiy heart would break. i Get him a good master, Barney,* I said, in a choked voice, as Scamp was led a way early the next[moniing. Late in the evening Barney came back without my pet and favourite. ' So you sold him, Barney ? ' e 4 J did, miss- P«or baste, he fetched a good pnee, anyway*— putting a roll of notes into my hand. * Thirty pounds ] Oh, Barney, I had no idea I should g^t so much ?' 1 exclaimed, counting them over. 1 Wiw bought him, Barney ?' [To be C-jiiiiaucd."} 