The proud hidalgo spirit of the days of Spanish chivalry and conquest would seem not altogether extinguished. While the American President was coquetting with Congress and mani festing an almost feminine delicacy about declaring war, the Spanish authorities assumed the initiative, and, in effect, were the first to bring about a casus belli against the States. Pluck is admired even in a nation so decadent as Spain, and her assumption of a belligerent attitude will do much to gain for her sympathy in her pend ing misfortunes and humiliation. Hos tilities between the two countries, instead of commencing at 6 a.m. sharp on Saturday morning, were precipi tated Borne 24 hours earlier, when the American North Atlantic naval squadron sailed from Key West for Cuba, the President simul taneously announcing to the Powers the blockade of the numerous ports of the Island. On the . same day a Spanish lumber ship was captured off Florida, and a number of mules, designed, no doubt, for war operations in Cuba, were seized as contraband in New Orleans. The Americans appear resolved to act cautiously. The fate of the Maine showß the necessity for this. There was a rumor of attacking Matanzaß, which lies some. 50 miles to the west of Havana, and making that port a basis for their land operations. But this was doubtless intended as a feint. The real point of attack must be Havana, the capital, which will be de fended by 23,000 Spanish troops, and a number of Cubans, who from policy must declare for Spain as a matter of safety. It may be stated that the harbor of Havana is one of the finest in the world. It nowhere exceeds one and a half miles in width, and is entered by a channel which is 1500 yards in .length, and not more than 350 yards wide. Formerly the approach was defended by two strongly fortified castles, besides several forts. The bay. within forms a capacious basin, in which 1000 vessels of the largest class may ride safely at anchor. The town proper lies on the west side of the bay, surrounded by a wall, and presents a very imposing ap pearance from the sea, but its interior is the reverse of'attractive. One of the most interesting buildings in Havana is the cathedral which con tains the ashes of Colnmbua, brought thither from San Domingo in 1796. There can be little donbt that the Spanish authorities will mainly rely for the protection of the capital npon submarine mines and torpedoes, although there are several battleships and cruisers at anchorage in the bay. Some weeks, it is expected, must elapse before Havana can be safely attacked. The American naval squadron in the China Seas has been ordered to Manilla, the principal town of the Philippine Islands, which belong to Spain. Manilla is the capital and the seat of Government. The population is said to be about 270,000. The population of the islands, of which there is said to be 1200, is over 7,000,000. They have been in a state of insurrection for the last two or three years, but the trouble was supposed to have terminated some little time ago. It is needless to say that the cruelties practised by the Spaniards towards the unfortunate natives rivalled those to which the Cubans were subjected. The Philippines are rich in mine rals, but these have not been de veloped, owing to the inhospitable character of the climate, which is at certain seasons qf the year unsupport able to Europeans. Manilla is de fended by 12,000 regular troops of Spain, 7000 native troops, six Spanish cruisers, and 11 gunboats. Our cable news indicates the concentration of large bodies of American troops at Florida preparatory to being trans ported to Cuba, where it is men tioned the mo9t warlike spirit prevails, the populace assembling in the streets vowing their determination to fight to the last gasp any force in vading the country. Not the least significant item of news is that thore has been a run on the Bank of Spain, especially in the cities of Madrid and Barcelona, and that a monetary crisis is imminent. The flotilla of torpedo boats despatched by Spain to Havana, and which put in at the Canary Islands, remains there awaiting battle ships from Cadiz to convey them to their destination. The first great battle between the contending fleets will probably take place on the arrival of the flotilla in Cuban waters, and, probably, in sight of Havana. Should an engagement take place, the result, in any case, cannot fail to give an immense impetus to hostilities, and powerfully influence subsequent events. Avery striking indication of the keen interest displayed in this city in the war between Spain and Amnrioa was afforded yesterday afternoon. Immediately on reaeipt of the latest cable news an extraordinary issue was published at The Star offiae. The demand for oopies was so great that the office; was besieged by eager applicants, and at. many times ingrese to it was completely blocked. For nearly five hours the issne was continued, and the oopies ware eagerly seized as fast aB they onutd be printed to the total nnmber of many thousands. A constant stream of people flowed to and from the office throughout the five hours not'd the entire issne, enormous as it wan, had bauo exhausted, and a fresh one necessitated. Among the rumors in circulation last even ing with regard to incidents of the war be tween Spain and America was one to the eff- mt that cable oommunication across the Atlantic had been interrupted by the Spaniards. An enthusiastic soene was witnessed in S'urt street on Satnrday night, in connection with the outbreak of war between Spain and America. Prout's Band, who were playing in the rotunda opposite The Star office, where an immense concourse of people were assembled reading the latest bulletin, at 9 o’olock com menced a programme of American airs. As the familiar tune of “Yankee Doodle” broke npon the air enthusiastic cheers were given, whioh were renewed again and again as the band played in rapid succession, “’Way down the Swanee River,” “ The star-spangled hanner,” “Dixie,” “Hail Columbia," and “Marobing through Georgia.” The pro gramme was concluded with “Rule Britan nia” and “God save the Queen.” At inter vals rooketa were discharged from Mr Con. Borrows’ Union hotel and oolored lights were burnt, while from Messrs Davies and Franklin’s warehouse revolver Bliots were fired in rapid snoceesion. The spectators assembled on the Union hotel balcony led the singing, and when “Marching tbrongh Georgia” was played they altered the words to “Hurrah, bnrrah, we bring the jnbilee; Hurrah, hurrah, the Cubans shall be free.” A sentiment which waß greeted with hearty applause. The demonstration was thoroughly spontaneous, as well a9 of a highly exci'it character, and left no doubt as to the sym pathies of the bulk of the local public being with the Stars and Stripes. The councillors who retire in Angnst next from the City Council are—Central, ward, Cr Retallmok; south ward, Cr Whykes: north ward, Cr M‘ Donald. Should Cr Retallack bn returned, the position of mayor for the ensuing twelve months will be at his disposal. Accord ing to rotation, h« nhonld have occupied the chair this year, but in consequence of his in tended trip to the Old Country, »inca under taken, Cr Shoppes was chosen. There is some talk of aeking Cr Shoppes to retain the position for another year, as one means of reoognising the -plendid work he has dons for the oity during his term of office. Much capital has been made out of the fact that it cost the Government considerably more to hold the Easter encampment at Ballarat than at Lmgwirrin. Mist of this mon»y, however, as has hefore been pointed out, was taken ont of one pnnket to pnt into another, since, although the Treasurer had to find the extra money, it went into the coffers of the Railway Department. One big set-off to the extra eipon-e i« the faot that the sum of £750 was received by tli“ latter department for con veying visitors to the oamp, as against £lO3 re ceived las' time the camp was held at Lang warrin. The fact that many extra passengers also came from Melbourne and elsewhere to witness the militaty manoeuvres ban also to be taken into consideration. The Mini-tor of Mines finds that he will be unable to fix a date for the proposed con ference on the tributing qnestion until after his returns from 'lie visit of inspection he has arranged to m <ke to the Bilver-lead field of Monnt Deddick, in East Gippsland. He had thought up to Friday that it would be pos sible to hold the conference on some day this weok at Bendigo, but he now sees that engage ments already m'de, and his duties on the Cabinet snb-oommittee, appointed to draw up a soheme of publio works, will oocupy the whole of the time between this and his de parture for Mount Deddiok on the 28th inst. The trip will occupy eight or ten days, and the tributing conference will he definitely arranged for immediately npon Mr Foster’s return to town. Whilst in Melbourne on other business last week, the Mayor of the City requested the Premier to address a meeting at Ballarat on the Commonwealth Bill. Sir George Turner, however, is in indifferent health, and had to decline the pressing invitation extended to him. A meeting i« to be held at the City Hall this evening at 8 o’clock, to further the movement fora substantial recognition of the mayor’s many snnceasful effor's to further the interests of the City. The meeting has been convened by about 150 lea-ling citizens, who are anxious to acknowledge in a practical form the untiring energy and z a al whioh the mayor has bronght to bear upon the discharge of his civic duties. There is certain to be a large attendance, and the enthusiastic manner in whioh the move ment is being taken up augurs wall for its success. After a trial lasting over three days, Walter Martin was on Saturday, at the Supreme Court sittings, found guilty of having com- mitted wilful and corrupt perjury in connec- tion with certain evidence which he gave at the Town Police Court in 1895 when defen- dant in an action for maintenance. Extra- ordinary interest was taken in the proceedings, considering how frequently the story of Louisa Lashbrook and Walter Martin has been re- peated in the local courts. The accused was defended by Mr Purves, Q.C., and Mr Herbert Barrett, and the former made a brilliant speeeh on behalf of his olient, and if forensic ability- had been able to eeaure the ao qaittal of the aooused, Walter Martin wonld have gone free. The judge, in a lengthy up, placed the issues clearly before the jury, bis charge being decidedly adverse to the prisoner. The jury, after a retirement of less than an hoar, re turned a verdict of guilty, and Martin was Ordered to be imprisoned for six months, and to pay a fine, of £5O or be imprisoned nntil the ■mount was paid. The announcement of the verdict caused a most painful scene in coart, the prisoner and bis relatives weeping bitterly. Before eentenae was pronounced the female relations of tbs accused, most of whom were in a fainting condition, bad - to be removed from the conrt. Outside the building the painful scenes were renewed, the friends of Martin piteously bewailing the fate of the accused. The Hon. A. J. Peaoock, Chief Secretary, addressed another large meeting at the Dramatia Hall, Allendale, on Saturday night, on the Commonwealth Bill. Mr Peaoook dealt with each clause of the bill, and in a lucid manner explained the meaning of the various sections. While expressing his dis approval of certain of the clauses, the speaker submitted that, taking the bill as a whole, it was one whioh should be accepted, and the adoption of whioh would result bene ficially to the whole of Australia. He forcibly urged npon the electors the duty of voting upon the 3rd of Jane, and he appealed to all those who intended to record their votea to cast them in favor of federation, as in the event of the present opportunity being lost, it wonld probably be many years before a measure, so calculated to advance the intends of all the colonies, wonld be again submitted. Considerable enthusiasm was aroused by the Chief Secretary’s address, and at tbs cloao a resolution was carried in favor of federation, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Peaoook. The question of providing means for carry ing on the Federal campaign has been answered in a practical manner by the Castle main o Borough Council, who have voted £2O towards assisting the movement. If the different municipal bodies throughout the colony adopted this method suooess would be achieved, and the electors would have the satisfaction of feeling that they were all sub scribers to the campaign funds. Mr J. T. Thorold Smith, the Crown Prose cutor, had an unpleasant experience on Satur day through the ill-advised action of the relatives of the young man Walter Martin, who was on his trial for perjury. When the jury retired Mr Smith left the court for his own room, which ha was about to enter, when Mrs Martin, the accused's mother, came up to him and addressed him as a “ brute.” Mr Smith advised the woman to be careful, or he would bring her conduct under the notice of the judge. A brother of Martin’s then spoke to the Crown Prosecutor in unbecoming terms, and in order to save further trouble Sergeant Biggs was sent for. The officer sto -nly cautioned the two Martine, who beat a prompt retreat. Mr Smith decided to taka no notice of the matter, as he realised that the offenders had been worked up to a great pitch of feeling through the sad position in which one dear to them was placed. The Attorney-General hae, in response to the invitation of the mayor (Cr Hughee), con sented to visit Sebastopol at an early date to address the eleotors on the Commonwealth Bill. ' At the Supreme Court this morning the action of William Thomas against William Wright, in whioh the plaintiff olaim-i £lOOO damages for slander, will be proceeded with. The case will probably last the whole of the day, and in the event of Sir Hartley Williams having to leave for Hamilton to-morrow, will conclude the business of the present sittings. One other Oise remains on the list, an action to recover damages against a mining company, but as it would take two days at the least to try, his Honor will not commence it unless there is a reasonable probability of being able to oonolude it. On Saturday his Honor announced that an effort was being made to secure the attendance of another judge at the Hamilton Court, but the resalt would not be known until to-day. In the event of hie being relieved, he would be able to complete the cases listed for the preseut sittings, but other wise he would only be able to take the case of Thomas v Wright. Two accidents were treated at the Hospital on Saturday. Thomas Roaoh, a youth living in Skipton street, had bis collar bone frac tured through a horse be was riding falling and rolling over him. The other oase was that of Simon Gannon, a young man living at En field, who severely gashed hiß right leg with an axe whilst catting wood. Both sufferers were admitted as in- patients. The Rev. S. Soholes commenced his ministry in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Chnrch last evening. There was a crowded congregation to welcome the rev. gentleman. The Herman was of an original and impressive character, and the oity is to be congratulated np-m the possession in Mr Scholes of an exceedingly practical and earnest exponent of the truths of Christianity. The rev. gentle man is a deep thinker, and possesses a breadth of mind which expresses itself in tolerance towards other sections of the Christian eburob. No creed of any church, said the preacher la9t evening, was as big and as comprehensive as the Gospel of Christ. Tbs churches were associations speaking the troths of the atonement, the diviuity of Christ, and the glorious theme of the resurrec tion. Had any of them reaohed finality ? Was there nothing n»w in theology? Had they reaohed the XY Z of the Gospel? There were great saving trnths the depth of whioh they could try to fathom. There were heavenly mines of gold to be explored. If a Christian man viewed truth from anew angle they should not hound him down but rally round him to learn its meaning. In scientific circles saientistn rejoiced at new discoveries when they had been verified and proved by the tests applied to them, so Ist them and their sister churches diligently study the deep things of God with a tolerance catholic and rich. The chnrcbes need-'d and were having a baptism of tolerance. The text was taken from the words “ For we know in part.” The ohurch choir sang the anthem, “ Worthy is the Lamb.” A charge nf wife desertion is listed for hear ing at the Town Conrt to day, the aoons-d being Henry Hardy, a miner, aged 46, who was arrested on warrant at Gnornong on Fri day la s t, and brought to Ballarat on Satnrday by Constable Germaine, of Goornohgl The wife of the aooused.resides at Ballarat East. The' match between the East Ballarat and Ballarat A team, to whioh is attached a con siderable interest, was continued at the Western Oval last Saturday, when the E >»t oommenc-'d their first innings. Owing ohiefly to C.' Mitchell, who gave an exoellent exhibi tion of correct batting in makiug 56 without giving a single chance, and to H. Mitchell, Perks, Cnrtis, and Fearey. who soared 20, 18, 17, and 13 respectively, the very fair score of 168 ruoß was made. Wright did most of the bowling, and obtained 4 wiokets for 40, but Tutbill secured the best average, viz., 3 for IS. It is seldom the Ballarat team field badly, but on this oocasion the fielding was very poor, several easy chances to catch and rnn out batsmen being missed. The second innings nf the Ballarat was started, and at drawing of stamps the score was 1 for 5. This gives them a lead of 70, and as they Mtill have 9 wickets to fall their position is a good one. Mr Jnliua L. Lazarus, C.E., of Melbourne, has been appointed Government mining sur veyor for the Bnninyong district, in plaoe of Mr R. M. Htrvey, deceased. Mr Lazarus is engineer of the Cohuna Irrigation Trust, anil has been instructed by Mr Foster that his office will be situated in Ballarat. A petition is being got up by local residents for presentation to the borough council to-night, protesting ag.inst the office being taken from Bnninyong. “ Australian History” is the general subject of a o-mrse of Bix lectures by Mr Alexander Sutherland, 8.A., to be given in the Mining Exobauge, b-ginning on Tuesday, the 10- h May, not the 3rd, as previously announced. Tho Bxten-ion lecturer (Mr Sutherland) baa delivered this coarse to large and warmly ap preciative audiences at metropolitan and suburban c-ntran, and is one of the very ablest of the staff of lecturers in connection with th« University Extension Board, He is painstaking and eloquent, as well as vivid and humorous fn narrative. At a time like the present, “Australian History” should be a most attractive and useful subject for Australia’s sons and daughters, whether native born or adopted. The subject of lectures are —First leoture, “Early Discoveries;” seooud, “ Foundation of Sydney and Hobart;” third, “ Bass and Flinders;” fourth, “Early explorers of Australia;” five, “Liter exp’orers;” sixth, “ Foundation of Syduey anil Melbourne.” Syllabuses of the course have just come to band. Course tiokes (6s each), for the course of six lectures, will be issued in a few days, when they may be obtained, with syllabuses, from the local secretary, Mr E. P. Date, “Vedette,” 110 Lydiard street, or the hon. treasurer, Mr R. Maddern, Mr G. H. Smith, or the booksellers. Colleges, schools, literary and other associations can obtain tickets in groups of not less than six tickets, at a reduc tion of 25 per cent. o n the above rate. The charge for admission (single) to any leoture is Is 6d. The fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum Committee will be held to-night. A false alarm of fire was received at the Ballarat Brigade station on Saturday evening at 7.15, the place indicated being at the Buck’s Head hotel. Bridge street. The brigade on reaching the spot were unable to ascertain the oauss of the alarm being sounded. This is not the first ocoasion on which a false alarm haß been received from the same place. The anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Church, Humffray street, was celebrated yes terday at the church, when the Rev. C. Cain, of Creswiak, preached at the morning and even ing services. The morning sermon was based on Exodus xvi. 12—“ I have heard the mur muring* of the children of Israel; speak with them, saying, ‘At even ye shall eat flesh, and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread, “?d ye shall know that I am the Lord your God. In the. afternoon a special children’s service was held, when the prizes won by the Sunday school scholars were distributed by tbs p- c » in > »ho delivered an appropriate and interesting address. In addition to several auth-ms rendered by the choir. Miss Morgan rendered a solo and reoitation. Misses Thomas a duet, and Misses Crompton and Trueman and Mr Vawdrysolos, and a rery pleasant Sunday afternoon was passed, in the evening Mr Cain took aa his text Genesis iii.. I—“ Now, the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field whiob the Loy n Goa had made. And he said noto the woman, ‘Tea, hath God said, ye shall not eat of ®very tree of the garden V ” _ The ohoir at all the servioss rendered special anthems. Mr a. Jackson oondnctsd, and Miss Morgan_ acted as organist, Miss L. Brown assisting in the afternoon. A tea and public meeting will do held this evening. William Edmonds, the man wbo_was so severely injured by a blast at the Birthday mine, Berringa, on Tuesday last, died at the Hospital shortly before midnight on Saturday. The unfortunate man recovered from the shock following the accident and the subse quent amputation of his left arm, but other complications set in and he died as elated. In the absence of the coroner, no arrangements could be made for« an enquiry yesterday, but this will be opened to-day before a jnstioe of the peace. Edmonds was an unmarried man, and, so far as could be ascertained, without any near relatives in the colony. The election of officers of the Ballarat Hebrew congregation took place yesterday, and resulted as follows! —President, Mr J. Bernstein; treasurer, Mr M. E. Hamburger; hon. secretary, Mr John Marks; onrnmittee, Messrs L. Cohen, L, Vinae, S. Book, L. Phillips, and G. Abrahams; auditors, Messrs C. Flohm and A Katz. The funeral of Mr John Copley, bandmaster of the Bdlarat East onrps of the Salvation Army, who died at the Ballarat Hospital on Friday night from typhoid fever, took place yesterday afternoon. There was a large attendance of his comrades, who marched in procession behind the coffin, whiob was carried on a waggonette draped in the colors of the Army, and preceded by the Army band. The service nt the cemetery was conducted by the offioars of the corps, and was of a most im pressive character. At the meeting at the harraaks, held in the evening, several of the speakers alluded to the death of the late Mr Copley, and paid touching tributes to his memory. The deceased leaves a widow and three small children. Muoh-needed improvements are at present being effected to the organ at St. Patrick’s Cathedral. The instrument is beiag taken to pieces for the purpose of substituting pneu matio for tracker aotion, an alteration whiob will be greatly appreciated by the organist, as it will greatly lessen the pbysioal force neces sary to be exerted in playing. The organ will also be thoroughly tuned and renovated, and, in fact, made almost equal to new. The work is being carried out by Messrs Finoham and H'hday, 'ho well-known organ manu facturers, of Melbourne. The contractor for the removal of the boilers used for supplying water to the military en campment will return them to the owners early in the coming week. When they have been removed tbe mayor will put on a staff of man to re-erect the fenoe and fill in the drain, so as to leave it in the same state aa it was in before the camp was held. Spsoial services in connection with the anni versary of the Maoarthur street Wesleyan Church wore held yesterday, when the Rev. J. Lavers occupied the pulpit in the morning, the R u v. S. Soholes in the afternoon, and the Rev. Henry Howard in the There was a large congregation at each service, and speoial music was rendered by the choir under the conductnrship of Mr G. Woods, Mrs Dorter presiding at the organ. To-night the annual meeting will be held, at which Cr Brokenshire will preside. .Suitable addresses will be given, and special musical selections rendered by the choir and others. The firemen who were, riding on the City hose reel, when aalled out to a false alarm on Saturday evening, bad a narrow esaape from a serious adoident. When opposite the City Post Office, and just aa the reel bad reached tbe brow of the steep pinoh at Camp Hill, tbe axle broke near tbe collar of tbe near wheel. Fortunately, the three bolts wbioh traverse the nave, and keep in position an iron plats whioh holds the axle, sustained tbe strain thrown upon them, and tho brake was palled up at the base of the hill without mishap. The severe test to whioh Mr Harry Sutton is putting his lately improvep road antomotor, viz.—a continnons run of over 500 miles—seems to be meeting with every snccess. On Friday the motor passed through Ballarat, going at a rate of 16 miles an hour. At 3 o’clook on Saturday the machine had passed Mortlake, the average pace no to that place having been 75 miles a day, including all stoppages. The motor is expected to return to Melbourne by to-day, and, if so, it wilt have achieved a speed of 100 miles a day inolnding stoppages. After a highly suacossful tour through the other colonies, a strong company under the direction of Messrs Williamson and Mu a grove will reDrodnce the popular play of “Two Little Vagabonds" at the Academy of Mnsic this evening. Oil the oaoaaion of their farmer visit to Ballarat the company were enthusiastic ally received, the play drawing crowded houses. As, owing to other arrangements, “ Two Little Vagabonds” can only be produced for one night there is certain to be a large attendance, since those wbo have seen the production before will wish to renew their acquaintance with the interesting and alever waifs, and those wbo have not have heard so much in favor of the play that they will wish to witness it. The box plan is open at Sutton’s music warehouse. Testerday tbe loaal preaobers of the Ballarat West and East Wesleyan circuits exchanged pulpits. Mr R. Hosking preached at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church in the morn ing. The disoourse was an excellent one, based upon I. Tbessalonians, i., s—“ For our gospel came not onto you in word only, but also in power, and in tbe Holy Ghost, and in much assurance.’’ The Buninyong police were informed on Saturday by Mr John Martin, of Durham Lead, that when his family were absent at Ballarat a Reformatory boy boarded out to Mr Martin had entered his house and stolen a silver watch and chain, a gold ring, and other articles belonging to that gentleman’s daughters. Senior-constable Ferguson and Constable Power at once instituted a search for the boy, who bad decamped. Constable Power at length arrested the boy in the bueh □ear Durham Laad on Sunday morning, and locked him up in tbe local gaol. The boy, who is about 15 years of age and named Prince, has been licensed out to Mr Martin for the past, six months. He will be brought before the Ballarat benoh to morrow. Four persons were arrested in the City on Saturday for drunkenness. Tbe delinquents will be dealt with at the City Police Court this morning. The local representative of the Associated Board of the Royal Academy of Music and Royal College of Mnaio notifios that a complete supply of music, required for the forthcoming examinations, bas arrived in Melbourne, and is available at the mnsic sellers. Candidates are also informed that the date of entry hsß beou postponed from the Ist to tho 12th May. Entry forms may be obtained trorn Mr Geo. H. Soars-*, 46 Windermere street. Tbe Catholic Tonng Men’s Society have formed a strong dramatic and elocution clnb. They are fortunate in having secured th» ser vices of Mr John Robson as instructor. Under his tutorship they should be able to give a good account of themselves. At the People’s Meeting on Saturday even ing tho ahairman, Mr Williams, referred to the outbreak of war between America and Spain. He said tbat at such times a spirit of loyalty was engendered for one’s country, and noionul enthusiasm was aron*ed. He oalled upon tbe andienee to join in singing the National Anthem, a request which met with a hearty response. The name of Mr John P. Murray, president of the Old Colonists’Association, was inadver tently omitted from the list of pall- bearers at the funeral of the late Rev. Thomas Hastie. The City branch of the Australian Natives’ Association will meet to night. Mr Cnrwen Walker will give an address on “ The Com monwealth Parliament,” and a disonasion will follow. Visitors are cordially invited. 