There are a great number of people under the impression that Great Britain Is not a wine-pro- ducing country, that its table grapes are im ported chiefly from France, Spain and Portugal, and that it cannot make, though it can blend, those of other nations, and that if it wants to raise grapes it must grow them in a hot-house. That this idea is erroneous has been proved by the experience of the Marquis of Bute, who, in 1875, marked out his first vineyard at Castcll Coeh, near Cardiff, in South Wales, planting chiefly a variety of vines known as the Garnay Noir, which was found to be well-suited to the soil, which was of a light, fibrous loam, about 2ft deep, resting on broken limestone rook. The vines grew vigorously, so much, so indeed, . that the first wine was made in 1877. The crop was a light one, but sufficient to make about forty gallons of wine. In 1878 the crop of grapes was still better, but in 1879 not a single bunch was gathered from the whole vineyard. This was entirely owing to the cold, wet, and sunless summer. It was a year when farmers could not even get the corn to ripen. It was indeed a very bad year for agriculture in general, as may be inferred from the fact that the rainfall for tho twelve months was no less than 44 '40 inches. In 1881 the tide turned, and a very good crop resulted. Most of the wine was sold at 60s a dozen, but year by year the demand increased, until in 1893 the vintage of 1881 realised at auction 115s a dozen ! and was pronounced by connoisseurs to resemble a first - class still champagne. In the Jubilee year the yield of the vintage was ten hogsheads of good wine. Iu 1893 — that summer of hot days and cloudless skies — the vines, both at Castell Coch and at Swanbridge (where a vineyard was commenced in 1887), produced enormous crops. Tho latter is seven miles from Cardiff, in an opposite direc tion to Castell Coch. The yield in all was forty hogsheads of wino of the best quality, and will be worth L3000, a 'sum of ' money sufficient to defray the whole of the expenses since the vine yard was started. The success thus achieved has begotten emulation, and many horticulturists have given it as their opinion that wine can bo successfully grown in various portions of the British Isles, especially in the South of England, and attempts are being made to secure the in vestment of capital in this enterprise, as it is clear that at one time wine was made by tho monks from grapes grown on British soil. After the first fermentation, tho wine is left in barrels for three years, being racked oft' twice a year, in spring and autumn, and after being bottled is kept' in cellar for four years before being suffered to pass into consumption, consequently it is at least seven years of age before it reaches-the consumer. Still, after making due allowance for that, L5 15s a dozen is a pretty liberal price to pay for wine that has not the recommendation of great age, or being of a special ' cru,' and this is fair testimony as to its quality. That wine, capable of realising a price like this, can bo grown in England, Is an indication that the rigour of the climate may have been over-esti mated, and that, despite frosts, sunless days, heavy snowstorms and excessive rainfall, tho hardy wine grape may be reared, and survive. The matter does not. affect Australian growers much, because the quantity of wine that could be produced to be sold at a fancy price like this would he strictly limited, and, in fact, the value may depend largely upon a sentimental desire existing in aristocratic and wealthy circles to liatronise it, because it is home-made. But the fact of the production and sale remains, and would soom to indicate that England may, if she chooses, really produce her home-hiudo grape juice, although sho is never likely to become distinguished as a country attractive to vig- norons. We have so long resigned ourselves to being disillusionised, to realise our cherished hopes gone by, to feel that history and the ideals it has created is slipping from beneath our feet, that we do not feel the least surprise at learning that manuscripts recently discovered at Venice prove that Othello was red-haired, and what ladies style " a perfect beast of a man," that ho ivas sadly given to drink, and treated his wife badly, and that his life onded in disgrace. The only comforting circumstance disclosed by these re cently discovered MSS is that he did not murder Desdemonia, who long survived him, remained a fair widow, and grew very fat. Acquaintance with little trifles, such as these, lessens our honor of tho Shakesperian drama. We should not be a hit surprised to learn that Hamlet— his real name by tho way was Amleth— was not killed at all by tho poisoned foil,' but lived to a green old ago, the succession to the throne being denied to him on account of his supposed aber ration of intellect, and occupied himself in securing percentages by lending money to tho j courtiers. A few years ago a lady, who was pro- j bably anxious to know whether J uliet was really i buried in her bridal dress, and, if so, how it was ; trimmed, obtained admission to J uliet's sar- copliagus— of course, every student knows that tho episode which startled the Capulet apti- Montegue factions was absolutely true— hut when she got in she discovered there was no Juliet nor any traco of any female body having ever been laid there. Now, as everyono knows, no female can disappear in this way without leaving a trace j usually she is bound to leave behind somo of her hair. So, despito tho historians of a story, wluoh nowadays would he run into a half column sketch, and Shakespeare's elaboration of it, wo are beginning to fancy that Borneo and Juliet escaped and lived happily in a cottage by the sea until the babies came. The curious association between the reality -of the Present and the poetic atmosphere of tho Past has been recently accentuated by the death of a belted earl of tho two kingdoms, England and Scotland. In his person he realised the prophecy of the witches on the blasted-heath, "Glamisthou art and Cawdor," but he did'nt achieve any " more" thereafter. He possessed to tho date of his death those battlements, of which King Duncan said — "This castle hath a pleasant seat, the air"" Nimbly and sweetly recommends itself Unto our gentle senses." He was regarded as having in association the latgest collection ot ghosts in unrtstenaom, and yet no interviewer exploited nor snap-shooter caught them. But he scarcely maintained the dignity of the fighting Thanes of Cawdor, for | his chief life work was running racehorses, and occasionally, but vicariously, putting a few jumpers over hurdles. We instance only how tho times are changed. The tableau curtain falls, tho earlier pictures on our mind vanish into nothingness. Yet, as the former ideals and conceptions fall away and fade, and are lost in an abyss, where the unsuccessful ones rend one another in the purgatory of lost thoughts, there still remains the feeling of regret that concep tions long cherished should be displaced by the digging out and bringing to light tlia forgotten mummies of fact ' 