.OSEW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strange incidents occur at sea, but none moro so than that whioh be fell Capt. Benner, of tho brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in tho West Indies trade (feoys an American jour ml). After leaving St. Thomas, her ast port of call, on ono voyage the n*ig was steering a north-westerly ?ourse, homeward bound, beating up mder short canvas against high winds md heavy seas following in the woke )f a huricane whioh had traversed the tropics five or six days before. Her japtan, who had been somo houra on lecE, went below at midnight after lirecting the first officer, who was on svatch, to keep tho courso then steered, nnd to call him in case of any change for the worse in the weather. Ho lay down upon the sofa in tho main cabin, but as the brig's bell struck twico be came conscious of the figure of a man, wearing a green sou'-wester, standing besido him in the dim light of the cabin lamp. Then he heard the words, 'Chango your course to sou'-west, cap tain.' Captain Bonner got up an went on deck, where ho found that the wea ther had moderated, and that the brig was carrying more sail and making bet ter headway. He asked the lnato on duty why ho had sent down to call him, to which that officer replied, that ho had not dono so. The captain, fancy ing that he had been dreaming, went back to tho cabin, but he was disturb ed soon again by a second visit from tho man in tho green gou'-westor, who repeated his previous order, and van 1BI1GU Up l-Ht- uuuapuinuuwa^, xnu iuji tain, now thoroughly roused, . jumped up and pursued tho retreating figure, but saw no one until he met the mate on watch, who insisted that ho had not sent any messenger below, Mystified and perplexed, Captain Bonner return ed to the cabin, only to see his singular visitor reappear, to hear him repeat the order to chango the course to sou' west, with the added warning, 'If you do not it will soon bo too late,' and to see him disappear as before. Going on deck, ho gave the necessary orders for the ohan-*e in the ship's courso to south west. 'Bio officers of the brig were not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally determined to seize tho captain and put him in irons, when, soon after daybreak, the lookout forward reported some object dead ahead. As. the vessel ?Uro-if nn if wos -mnrift nut; to bo a shin's boat. As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, ono of whom woro a green sou' wester, Tho Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the cast aways taken in. The castaways proved to bo the captain and three men, the only surviviors of tho crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hurricane, and thoy had been druting helplessly wnSout food for live or six days. Tho green sou'-wester was the property of the rescued captain. A few days later when he had recovered sufficiently to be able to leavo his berth, he was sitting ono day in tho main cabin of the brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked Eis host if ho believed in dreams, ''(since I have been here,' he continued, 'I havo been thinking how familiar this oabin looks, I think that I have been here before. In the night before you picked mo up I dreamed that I came to you here in this cabin* and told you to ohango your courso to sou'-west. Tho first timo you took no notice of mo, and I came the seend time, in vain; but the third timo you changed your course, and f wokcTto find your ship alongside of us.' Then Captain Benner, who had noticed tho rosemblanco of tho speaker to lu's mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night, . 