MR. KIPLING'S NEW BOOK Most if not all the stories collected in I Mr. Kipling's latest volume, "The Day's Work" (Macmillan), have seen the light be fore in various periodicals. But so scat- tered has been their publication that pro- bably every individual reader will find a large portion of the contents fresh pas- ture. If the general effect produced by this work were to be described in a word, we should select the word "astonishment." Mr. Kipling astonishes, confounds his readers, sets them wondering how on earth he contrived to secure the overmastering grasp he has of the technicalities of arts and crafts which should be as strange to him as Cbaldee to the modern school boy. That a prime object with the author is to compel this tribute of amazement can hardly be doubted. Nearly half of the dozen stories plunge fearlessly into the de- tails of engineering science, and give one the feeling of being led bewildered, but in- terested, through a maze of whirring, crashing machinery by a guide who knows every inch of the way, and has his finger upon the throbbing pulse of the whole mighty mechanism. This may be called trick writing. To a large extent it is. But how inimitably is the trick managed? Mr. Kipling attempts a literary tour de force, and succeeds as undoubtedly no other liv- ing writer could. Others gifted with in- tuition and the faculty of taking pains might penetrate into the same arcana of mysteries; but none would emerge with si- milar trophies. Certainly no other story teller could compel the attention of a popu- lar audience with mechanics dressed in the garb of fiction. This and nothing less is Sir. Kipling's achievement in "The Ship that Found Herself," "The Devil and the Deep Sea," the locomotive story entitled, ".007," and, in a lesser degree, in "The Bridge Builders." The new province which he trenched upon in "MacAndrew's Hymn" is further explored in prose. The same exuberant energy and unfaltering certainty of touch which the author showed when his themes were the barrack-yard or the hill station do not desert him in the engine- room. In no sense is the new ground so attractive as the old, but Mr. Kipling is equally at home on it, and where he goes his readers must needs follow him. His power of creating whatever at- mosphere he chooses is signally in- stanced in "The Devil and the Deep Sea," a story of an ocean tramp more pirate than trader, which came to her end at last, but in dying slew her destroyer. The Haliotis (latest of her many names), with a cargo of poached pearls on board, is chased by a foreign gun boat, - and crippled in one instant by a shell, which bursts among her engines. The bolts of the connecting-rod are fractured, the released piston- rod with wreckage at- tached works havoc—in a few sentences crammed with technicalities, which may or may not be understood, the reader is never- theless made to see vividly the hopeless heartbreaking chaos that reigns below. "The cross had jammed sideways in the guides, and in Addition to putting further pressure on the already broken starboard! supporting column, cracked the port or left-hand supporting column in two or three places. There being nothing more that could be brought to move, the en- gines brought up all standing with a hiccup that seemed to lift the Haliotis a foot out of the water; and the engine room staff, opening every steam outlet they could find in the confusion, arrived on deck somewhat scalded, but calm. There was a sound below of things hap- pening—a rushing, dieting, purring, grunting, rattling noise that did not last for more than a minute." It was the ma- chinery adjusting itself tm the spur of the moment to a hundred altered conditions. The Haliotis slid forward in a cloud of steam, shrieking like a wounded horse." Towed captive to an out-of-the-way Eastern port, the ship is on the way put into a condition seemingly past all repair by the crafty chief engineer, Wardrop, a mechanical genius, He gives the engine- room the aspect of a cemetery. Hence when after months of maltreatment, cap- tain and crew, naked and starving, find their way aboard the hulk once more, the machinery department is the only part of the vessel unplundered. They are under the guns of the pitiful little settlement; they have only scant supplies of fruit and sago to sustain them; most of them are destitute even of a loin- cloth; and in that plight they set to work under the in domitable Wardrop to ravel out the awful tangle. The instinct of obedience awakes; fires are lighted, the donkey engine is got to move precariously, wedges are hammered home, countless rivet-holes drilled by hand; men swoon over their work, they weep, they throw hot coals at Wardrop, and threaten to kill him, but he hits them with iron bars heated at the end, and they limp forward to duty. The ship is an inferno peopled by naked, grimy imps, exhausted, despairing. The crowning impossibility, after 15 days of labour, is the straightening of the piston and con necting-rods without appliances. "It is curious that no man knows how the rods were straightened. The crew of the Haliotis remember that week very dimly, as a fever patient remembers the delirium of a long night. There were fires everywhere, they say; the whole ship was one consuming furnace, and the hammers were never still. Now there could not have been more than one fire at the most, for Mr. Wardrop distinctly recalls that no straightening was done except under his own eye. They remember, too, that for many years voices gave orders which they obeyed with their bodies, while their minds were abroad on all the seas. They remember an intolerable noise in their burning heads from the walls of the stoke- hole, and they remember being savagely beaten by men whose eyes seemed asleep. When their shift was over they would draw straight lines in the air anxiously and repeatedly, and would question one another in their sleep, crying, 'Is she straight?' At last—they do not remem- ber whether this was by day or by night —Mr. Wardrop began to dance clumsily and wept the while; and they too danced and wept, and went to sleep twitch- ing all over, and when they woke men said that the rods were straightened." Patched sufficiently to crawl along at two-knot speed and "complaining bitterly in her bowels," the Haliotis sneaks away by night, captures a Malay proa, and reaches the pearling ground where she was so despitefully treated. Here she is sunk across the habour mouth in such a posi- tion as neatly break the back of the very gunboat to which she owed her undoing. In more of Mr. Kipling´s former vein are such tales as "The tomb of His Ancestors" and "William the Conqueror." The first treats of the mysterious ascendancy gained by the white man over the natives of India, in which lies part of the secret of the British raj. John Chinn joins as a subal- tern a native regiment, of which his father and grandfather had command before him. Chinn's Irregular Bhil Levies have blos- somed into a corps of regular standing, but among the wild hill tribe where they were recruited the memory of the first Chinn is still treasured with a kind of superstitious reverence. An outbreak threatening in the district, the boy officer, new to the mess, finds that the magic of his name and the likeness to his forbears which the native eye can see, bring the turbulent Bhils to his feet tame and submissive. He can do with them what he will, for, to the Bhil idea, he is the mighty first Chinn reincarnated, and he supports his character by slaying the tiger upon which his ancestor's ghost has been wont to ride abroad at nights to the terror of the district. In "William the Conqueror," a famine story, Mr. Kipling gives another striking lesson in the way white men rule India; in "The Bridge Builders" besides conjuring up in marvel- lous fashion a picture of the vast- ness of the work which Engineer Finlayson and the hive of labourers under him accomplish, the author presents an extraordinary imaginative study of the wrath of the Ganges (Mother Gunga) and the river gods, who feel their empire slipping from them. There are humorous excursions which would be trivial —possibly objectionable—in other hands, ' such as the story of the drunken navvy driven to destructive frenzy by being dosed with an emetic in mistake. In this roy- stering mood, which he assumed once at least before in "Brugglesmitb," Mr. Kipling is not seen at his best. His humour is oi finer quality when linked to the study of character as is done in the sketch entitled "An Error in the Fourth Dimension." Not only is this genuinely amusing, but it sup- plies a shrewd contrast between the mental characteristics of England and America. 