COMPLETE STORY. £rt7BL£3BEI> 81 SPECIAL ARBANOElIEST.j THE GOLDEN TRAP, CHARLES O. LESLIE. [corrcrsHr.J -IDXIGHT was strik ing as 3fr. Herbert P a 11 i son neared bis house in Bloomsbury square, he was fum bling in his pocket for his latchkey when n sudden re solve made him de sist. Perhaps it was the sudden puff of wind which fanned his face as he stood, bearing a faint fra grance from the flowers in the gar den in the centre of the square, perhaps, the recollection tbut he had taken no exercise that day. or merely the idle whim of an idle man with no one but himself to consider, hut a reluctance to cuter the house and go to bed came upon him, and he decided to take a long walk through the empty London streets in whichever direction his feet carried him. The season was Hay and the subtle touch of spring bad not evaporated from the breeze in spite of tbo miles of bricks and smoke it had passed to reach Bloomsbury, the soft ntangible air played round him caressingly, inviting him to remain out of doors: with a final glance at bis house standing wrapped in .solemn silence and respectability, he turned westwards. He walked swiftly, with the firm tread of a strong roan, his feet echoing on the empty pavement, for he chose the less frequented roads, by this time almost, deserted. It is impossible at any hour to find Loudon streets entirely, so, .and as yet there was plenty of traffic on tho main streets, a little of which strayed into liis path as he went along. A night cab passed him, dntwu by a wretched horse, two drunken men were inside singing in maudlin voices, the driver, half drank also, thrashed the wretched horse, too weak to move beyond a shuffling trot, the whole forming a cynical commentary on the city which sends missionaries to every part of the globe. Here ami there he met a belated reveller returning from theatre or music hall ; the face of a woman handsome once, but showing haggard under her paint flashed on his under a Tamp post, further a wretched tramp eat. crouching on a doorstep trying snatch a few minutes* sleep before the next policeman moved him 011. Above all twinkled the stare, looking down with serene disdain. Such things were, such things would be, for the world alters little. Mr. Pattison heeded nothing of what he saw, ho had been to a dull dinner party, then to bis dub, which had bcoa equally dull, he felt irritable and restless, and devoted him self to walking off this feeling. He was a big, good-looking man of about thirty, with a sensitive lip belied by his air of calm British stolidity; well off, materially, be would perhaps have been happier if obligcdto work, but he had no occupation or profession^ , Of course ho had a hobby, all idle men Jisvc, it is the only thing which prevents them from dying of boredom. He was the happy assessor of one of the finest collections of china in England. His house was full of china cups aud plates, they lined the walls, they filled innumerable cabinets bought to hold them, they were the one trouble of Miss Marian Heath, a relation of his mother's, who kept house for him, and whose placid existence was only marred by the fear that a clumsy servant might break some precious specimen of chinuwaro. It was a curious coincidence that while his feet were bearing him on to an adventure destined to alter his whole existence, his roiad woe d welliugon the prosaicness of modern life in general aud his own iu particular. He was feeling bored and unable to make up his mind as to bis future plans. Presently it occurred to him that he had been walking now for some time, he slackened his pace, and looking round wondered where he was. His geographical knowledge of north west London was limited, the Edge-ware road was a long way behind hiro; what lay past it nod north of Paddington and Bayswater? He w&3 now standing in a wide street and facing a row of houses fronted by the usual tiny garden; behind him were garden walls, night hiding what lay behind. A lane ran off from the road close by leading apparently to the exits of the gardens. There was a certain amount of light from the lamp-post opposite, and his eyes fell on somcthiug Iving oa the ground at the entrance to the fane, something glittering. He stooped aud picked it up: it was a sovereign. He held it in his hand half amused at his find, it was one of life's little ironies, that he, well off, should fiud the coin while there were so many thousands near to whom the discovery would have meant an infinite piece of good Inck. Thus thinking he looked on the ground all round; it was a purely mechanical instinct which everybody.does on finding anything. The lane was dimly lighted by two or three gas lamps at rare intervals, there was just enough light for him to sec another sovereign about four yards further down the lane. Ticking np the second sovereign, he now saw a third, and then a fourth aod fifth. There was a track of .them extending- down the lane placed at equal distances apart. Pattison followed the golden path, picking np each coin, his excitement growing .with his spoils. At about the eighteenth he came to a garden door, open, the first he had seen, on either side of the lane, u sovereign lay on the threshold. Looking round he saw opposite him the open French windows of a large room. It was brilliantly lighted, and portions of the interior were plainly visible from where he stood, but .no signs of any person within. His curiosity roused to the highest'pitch he advanced, still collecting his golden harvest, the .third sovereign in the garden brought him clow to the open window and ho now saw the figure of a woman standing wirhiu. She stood still and motionless, and as he locked interest turned to admiration of her beauty. He saw a young girl dressed in a white silk dress her arms and neck bare, the latter, encircled by a string of large pearl!1. She was of medium height, arid slightly formed, thn face, was pale but delicately refined and beautiful and crowned 'with a wreath of red-brown bair. She seemed to have stepped out of another world and there was something weird, almost supernatural, in the sight. A few seconds ago he had stood in a dingy street, a row of dingy houses frowning upon him, and now he saw a lovely vision which did not appear to belong to the world at ell bat to an apparition from Fairyland. Bewildered and confnsed he placed one foot within the room, and then afrcr a pause entered with a half-formed iutention of explaining his presence by showing the money. His eyes were on the beautiful silent figure* the words of his query already on his Ups, when ho stumbled over a cord stretched above the floor and fell forward, scattering the coins. As he fell a man who unseen by him had been standing behind Uie window curtains sprang upon him. An old man -with white hair and a gray beard, wearing gold rimmed spectacles, bat his long thin fingers gripped the 3'ouoger man's throat with a strength belied by his white hairs, and ere Pattison could pluck them off, a sponge was held to his nose, wet with some sickly smelling liquid which at once steeped his senses in darkness and oblivion. Ho woke to consciousness again to find himself in u small room lighted by two lamps fixed against the wail. It was bare' of furniture, bat tbis was of no consequence, for I he was lying on a soft rag, bound by cords to a. bamboo • pole, its ends fixed to uprights from the floor. He could see a dark patch on the ceiling, which ho gnessed was a skylight, and the walls were bare of windows. Between; the two lamps, their light falling upon him, sat the man who had so uuceremoniously seized and bound him. He did not look a vulgar robber: the.forc hcad was broad, and the hose prominent, the eyes which gleamed behind the gold-rimmed' spectacles denoted intelligence, and his whole air gave the appearance of a learned man, a scientist of some kind. Seeing Puttiscn's eyes* open, he addressed; him in a clear,- bland voice. j "How are you feelingnow?" I Tho unluckv prisouer, bound and helpless.! unknowing what this man meant to do • with him, full of rago at the way he had been cap-' turcd, was goaded almost to mudness by tho conventional inquiry. He writhed'-and struggled to get free* till the cords catt'ng him painfully he desisted, and fixing eyes fall of hate on his interrogator, gasped: 44 If I were only loose, I'd she. x vou how I feel." ■ * The old man surveyed his struggles through his spectacles with absolute immobility, then replied to his prisoner's words: 44 The wise mau accepts the inevitable. You appear, I perceive, to have quite re covered. Kindly inform me, if you please, who you are." The other's calm exasperated Pattison. 44 Who are you is more to the point," he answered,44 and why have you kidnapped me in this fashion ?" "All in good time, ray dear sir; you will learn vety shortly. First,, you must answer me a few questions. Tell mo your name, address, and occupation." 41 Herbert Pattison; I live in Bloomsbury occupation I have none." 44 You arc, in fact, a private gentleman, doubtless fairly well off ?" 4 4 Yes." 44 Are you married ?" 44No;"but what is the object of all these questions? I suppose you will force me to ransom myself ?" "You will learn directly. Then you have no wife; but perhaps you are going to be married?" "No, I am not," cried Pattison. "I am not going to be married, and I am not going to answer any more questions.". 44Softly, softly. Sir. Pattison; your last speech is only half true. You need answer no more questions, but you arc going to be married." " What do you mean ?"' 44 You say yon ore a bachelor, and bare no intention of getting married. That is a pity, Mr. Pattison; every man should marry. I must insut on your doing so. You will marry my ward, His* Grace Vincent, whom you saw an hour ago downstairs." The old man spoke in the same dear and unemotional tones which he had used throughout the conversation. Pattison stared at him in alarm. Was the man mad ? " But why ?" he asked helplessly. 44 A legitimate qaeir, Mr. Pattison. I will now explain my conduct. My name is Mod calf.and.I hold the title of professor from the University of Berlin, where I studied. My mother was German, and I was entirely educated in Germany. My whole life has been devoted to the study of the Aryan race and the connection' between us,^ tho modern Teutons, find the Hindoos. I liaro lived in this house in London for many years, pur suing ray investigation:', but now they will enter upon a now phase. It is ray intention to return to India, where I spent many years of my middlo life. For tho last fourteen years, that is to say o the age of five, when her father died, Grace Vincent has lived * with rae. Her father, though a younger man than myself, has been, I may say, my only friend. On his death bed, he died n widower and without kuown relations, I promised to take charge of Grace, to educate her,- and keep her as long I lived, or till she married. " I hare brought her up on a system of my own, not approving of governesses for girls, and hare been her only instructor since she was twelve. I own I mado a mistake. It being one of my theories that both roan and woman should b9 taught to help on them selves, and do without tho society and friendship of other people, I brought ber up on this principle, and she has no friends whatever. I now perceive that this gives her no chance of getting married. "Desiringnow.to go .to.India aud travel there from place to place, Grace will bo very much in my way!. I intend to leave her in. England, but owing to tho words of my promise I cannot leave her except to the care of a husband, and as wo are quite, without friends I have 'been' obliged to resort, to extreme measures to obtain one." " Yon are not going," gasped Pattison, to marry me to your ward, without my leave., . In., fact, . you can't. I decline ibsolateiy." " " "Then, Mr. Pattison, I shall keep you here till yon consent." • • . . - II am afraid," sneered Herbert, " in that case, professor, you will have to delay your journey to India.** "I "think not,** calmly . returned the professor,'""you will get nothing to eat till xou would starve-me to death ?" cried | Pattisou, in horror. , "I would have no compunction.* I look! upon you mc-rely as a means to an end. As a I scientific man, the phrase 4 sacredness of | human life * Juts no meaning to me. I vt * yonr life at slightly "more than a dog's." , A cold sweat of horror damped* the prisoner's brow. •" Surely you are joking," he stammered. " It is cruel to both of us, each to marry an utter stranger. Can you not see tho unreasonableness of it?" Frankly, I cannot, Mr. Pattison. The tinge of convenience is co-existent with marriage itself. Marriage by capture is*5iUo familiar to all students of history.. The rape oftbeSabines is a case in point, and lean also refer you to the Bible. I am merely inverting the process and capturing a husband instead or a wife. Grace is not unworthy to be the wife of any man. I have brought her up. my self, and can* speak with absolute knowledge. Her reputation is without" flaw. Her beauty is, I believe, undeniable ; her character submissive; what more do you want?" This list of the virtues of tho wife he was thus commanded to take maddened Pattison. I don't want her," he shouted. 44 she may be, uav, I wail grant she is all you say. I have no inteutioa of marrying till' I fall in lovo." Then for your own sake and convenience, Mr. Pattison, lose? no time in falling in love. Till I have your word to many my ward , you will remain exactly where you are, and to hasten your decision go without food." The professor as he spoke, and with a final steady glaucc at his prisoner, left the roojn. Hour after hour slowly passed, the lamps burnt dim, the dark patch indicating the sky light overhead grew light, day slowly dawned. For the hundredth time Herbert revolved in his mind what chance of escape had lie, what hope of being traced wheu found to be missing? There seemed to be none, his bonds ciOTiin sorely whenever he moved. He wa; absolutely powerless. Not ouo of his, friends had the. smallest idea of where he was, in fact lie did not know himself. . He could hear no sound cither within or without tho house, but it now struck him that.his Toice remained at liberty, shouts might bring succour. 'Full of this idea, he waited until he thought it must be well into the morning, for he began to feel faint from hunger, then commenced to shout 41 Help, help," with the full force of his powerful lungs. There was no response, he shouted till he was tired, and then cursing his impotence lay iu a sullen stupor. Presently tbo door opened, tho professor reappeared with tho girl he had seen the previous night. Her free was very pale, as though sho had slept badly; she was now clothed in a 'close-fitting dress of dark green, which set off admirably her pale features and rich coloured hair. She bore a glass of milk in her hand. 44 Good morning, Mr. PattLson," said the professor in the irritating bland tone of the previous night. 44 You must have been shouting very loudly, for I could hear you at breakfast. I fear you will be thirsty after so much exertion, so have permitted Grace to bring you a glass of milk." The girl approached silently, her eyes downcast, and held the gloss to his lips. Herbert drank greedily, for his throat was hot and dry. 44 For your own comfort," the professor went on, "I should advise you not to shout, for no one can hear you and you will only feel hoarse. I will leave you now to make the acquaintance of your future wife." He went out and shut the door. Pattison, refreshed by the milk he had swallowed, determined to make a strong appeal to the fcnrh • 44Mias. Vincent," he began, 44 is your guardian serious in his extraordinary wish to marry you, his ward, to me, a man of whom lie knows absolutely nothing;' and can you contemplate marrying- an utter stranger like myself ?" 'The girl raised her eye?, a faint colour camo into her pale cheek?. "Indeed I don't want to marry you or anybody. But what can I say? I must do what I am told." She spoke with absolute sincerity, and Pattison groaned to himself as he recognised that he could expect no active help from this quarter. The professor's remark' as to "sab missiveness" recurred to his mind, and he realised how annoying this virtue—so rare among present day revolting daughters—wns at the present moment ^ " Then you think he is serious?" •'•Yes, I fear.so. When he makes up his wind nothing can alter liira. " I have tried." "Then yonr guardian has now taken it into his head to marry yon, and put the money on the road outside to attract some body- into the house. .He must be mad. Was last niglit the first time he tried the experiment?" N • * No, the third. I had to stand- in the room when anyone entered the garden, so that they could see me when they approached the window. The first night a muu came, an awful maii| and I think drunk. "Tho professor sent me out of the room, and I don't know what happened, the tnan left soon. Next night no one saw the money so he picked it up before daybreak. Last night you camc." Tho girl told the extraordinary tale simply, j Pattison listened with mingled despair and | rage. If tho professor was mad, there was certainly method in his madness, and tho plan had proved partly successful. An eligible bachelor had been captured, but Pattison had a strong fund 01 obstinacy in his composition,* and swore at the moment that be would die before he* yielded. "He threatens to keep me here without food till I promise to marry you." "Iknow," the girl answered dolefully. "But won't youaid mo to get awuy? At least you could bring me food secretly." " I will try and bring you 6ome fool," she answered. "Only lam afraid the professor wiil forbid me." ; Had Pattison any pity to waste he would | have expended some on the girl. She stood I the picture of misery and shame, seemingly anxious to aid him, hut utterly iu fear of the old man who had brought her up. The silence was broken by the return of the professor, who dismissed the girl with a motion of liis hand. Then he turned' to his prisoner. " Well?" he queried. * 'One may like partridge, hut uot when thrown iu one's face. Your ward is no doubt charming, but I refuse to be coerced into a marriage against ray free will." " There is nothing like starvation to cure obstinacy. It answers with horses, and I expect will answer with you very shortly. Think it over." The prisoner now left alone did. There was nothing el^e to do. His position was perilous in the extreme. He was utterly : the power oftlio professor, as much so as a - fourteenth century captive in the castlo of.an • enemy. Ite -pictured Miss Heath's alarm when she founa that morning he hadnot re-: ■/ turned. "Would she communicate with tKe" police to-day, or wait till to-morrow ? It •>. mattered little, for there wa3 no-help from ,:, that quarter; the police could not get the<: smallest clue. London had swallowed lum. • After a time hunger banished all specula-• tion as to escape. He began to wonder how . far the awful professorwonld go in the threat- • to starve him into submission. There waB a - - dreadful ring of sincere conviction in his . words when he said he valued human hfe at. very little above a dog's. As afternoon waned he became so faint from lack of food that he lapsed into a semi- - unconscious state, half weakness,, half sleep. - He was dreaming, and saw vaguely the re vision of a beautiful face close to lus, half,1 familiur, and he was wondering when, and : where ho hud seen it before, when tho. delightful yet prosaic smell of hot soup under; his noso woke him to full consciousness and the presence of Grace, who was bending over him with a spoon aud basin. She fed him in silcnco; thepity and sorrow : • in her soft gray eyes half irritated him, ho - knew not why. . Then, revived by tho soup,7i-: he asked the time. He seemed to have been lying there for days, thougli.the light above him told him it was not yet evening. "It is nearly seven o'clock. It will soon • • be dark. The professor has gono for his • / walk, he forbade me to bring you anythiug, - but I couldn't bear to think of you lying here . any longer, so I stole the soup out of the kitchen/' . How far would tho girl's pity lead her. ' He determined to see. "Docs anyone live in this house besides-, you two? Any servants ?" "No.. Mrs. Higgins comes every day, and does the housework; butshe goes home*every - evening." . ' " Would she hear me if I were to shout?!' "Not from tho kitchen, and she ucver comes above the first floor." " Won't you," pleaded Herbert, " tell her I am here, so that— "No, no," she cried, piteously, "don't ask me. I daro not. He told me not to tell, he made me promise, and I cannot break my word. I've disobeyed as it is in bringing tha... soup. Oh, what cau I do. What a miser able girl I am 1" She broke into a storm of tears and sobbed .• us though her heart would break. It would v bo" not only cruel but useless to press her,,, further. "Atany rate," ho said with a smile, "I . .• see you have a kind heart, and you won't let.. . . me die of starvation, let the professor com- -, mnnd what he will." •: The girl's sobs ceased, andshe answered.-, firmly: • "I won't; I'll bring you some more food/ to-night, when he's gono to bed. I bad/': better go now." ■ Herbert waa still meditating if.it would be,; possiblo luter to get tho girl to rcjease him, f when the professor appeared again, aud said': '.Ctfeil, Mr- r^n. wiU >ou :,ccollt F™?11?*' ldl K® & ?» reviving "v'us f'ffScutious,^ remarkid..tlio latter, • suc ' W him dispaiisioiiately..]Jto.,a beetle •teyrog.WLvJ^-» but I notice ju spite ot ^nfbfeSo :'''a 1,c,lvy build -V0" a? °f t y°"c„,'S aila emotional temperament. X n,c0°?® " V0OT disposition is easy-going und sl°fSv«S now a tit of obstinacy Ww i mato you harder to deal with. You ^Hend of weakness and strength, and "pltadoii^y it .nato you stomge. Oun , fed?Wo an illness. ^Good night,, and a ,rTnea profess^rXgiosis was correct. Wntet was usually of a-weak and casy w nature, and when a weak man in a g°in=, ° v,,;,,,Cv makes up. his mind on a tit of obstiuiiR y hardest of all men to 'SS"1 Sere was something so humilia ting, iu vielding, and taking a bride f0na.eute iu yiemi g, fdt \- brthe promise of Grace to SXhimfoo'l later, and the faint hope of u'"°.s. w» tflkmm free. uKrailig "u her to set him free. ^Thereout gi'ew dark, evidently ho was not . . _ niinwod anv light this night, the \- W W any light this night, the go™? ^"Xn/re,1'later and ho began £ and brought no plief he began to think Grace would not ?. w promise when tlio welcome gleam of ^hPt under the door hendaed the approach of MItwas Grace, not dressed in the magnifi cent dress which had so daarled lnrn thc nrevious night, hut ill a plain serge and bear a tray loaded with various dishes and ing a uay rapiea at tho sight ana Sea her to untie his prists so that lie C0^iw?vS^ will not touchSie otber^rds," he said, '..audjmu can tie mo up again when I have finijied. The girl l.esimted but consented. Her ' bert s wrists were hound together, and the. ' m the bamboo polo in such a way that Ins fingrns could not touch the knot !; she untied it. and the prisoner was able to sit up, loosen his wrisS, and eat and drink. Comparison being everything, he felt for the moment nuite happy in this temporary relaxation of 2ia bond*""*?. Grace insisted on his swallow iag some port wiuo and raw egg, then he ate of seme meat and drank Bomo beet tea. The change from darkness, hunger, and solitude, tMhe light, the fooa, and tho companionship wd so violent that his mental -depression was so . ■ - aiangsd.tocx^eron^gaiety; ^ ^ a feiv Tho girhs spirits rose with this. ffi^ minutes thev chatted witbjesta ^ sup pressed laughter, like schoolboy and school tnrlmitotbo pautryand eujoymga mid night ieast. Herbert gathered by a- few questions presently put' that the though eccentric was not unkind to the girl. He had certainly no affection for her, and exacted an implicit obedience to bis wishes. She was well read and intelligent, thouah absolutely ignorant of the worid. Having established a friendly feeling be tween them Herbert- vcutured to beg for liberfcv, pointing out that by law tho pro cessor had no such power over her as she imagined, hut this the girl could not under-, stand. The law was unknown to her, her fear of her guardian, very teal, and when the prisoner pleaded for liberty, though Joth to refuse, she dared not comply. Whether ho would lmvo won her over to bravo her guardian's wratli will remain uu known, for in the midst of Herbert s argu ments the professor broke in upon them with a candle and stick. Pattisoo uttered a bitter oath; for he-was almost as powerless as if Ins hands were tied, and Grace, giving a cry or horror, shrunk away in a corner. . • "Put -up your hands, and let mc rcf*® them," said tho professor quietly. " «»)' stick is loaded with lead, one tap will knock you Pattiaoa - submitted iu Bullen silence, and was hound as before,' then the profe.ssor coldly toldGraco to go to her room, and followed •her"out. Herbert was left alone .to bemoan his fate.. There was nothing surprising in the girl's meek submission, she had been educated as though living iu the middle ages instead, of the nineteenth century, but with a little more time he -would have convinced her, now he feared He would see her no more. Tills fear was justified, for when tho long night had passed, and also some s'owliours of daylight, the prisoner, wearied almost to breaking point, heard tho professor's step, and summoned all his resolution to bravo lus . foe. ' . "'.Your further imprisonment, ho said, I " if you arc still obdurate, will not be lightened by the*society or matcrhil assistance of Grace. I locked her in her room, and sent the only • domestic I employ away for two days." if "Do you intend to starve, her, too, . marled Pattisoh. • "No," said the professor steadily, but as I can no longer trust her she .will be safer there out of the way." "You devil," ' cried Herbert. "You remorseless devil; but you haven't beaten mo yet. I defy you still. My God, it 1 could only get* at you 1" ' j.' • But tho othor did not even give him the lnjwyof a reply, aud retirai' . . The second clay of the prisoner's captivity ran its course. 'Strange to say heN slept for some hours during the day, then woko to frightful pain and suffcriug. Every nerve and fibre of his being was on the rack now! Hunger, thirst, and pain tormented him, ho. could liav*o prayed for death or madness to ease Ins sufferings, hut his brain was clear and he felt that endurance could go no further. He must yield. ' - ' . , i • As he realised that the bland professor had won and his two days' torture had been of no aval), a sudden paroxysm,.toOk possession ot Herbert. ' He Aung himself to arid fro heed less of the pain it caused. It was a wild frenzy," the "last struggle, in which the remnant of .his strength and. passion were devoted, tl\e polo swayed, there was a singing in bis ears, darkness blinded his vision, tho cords sefcmed cutting through him.• ;• .*• ; ..Then above his head as ho lay writhing sounded a crack of broken wood and > he rolled over on his back. Not knowiug what had happened he lay still a moment, then turning his head saw that the upright block was broken from tho floor and tho bead of the bamboo free. Pushing bis hands up ho was able witb;somc difficulty to slip them over the top. His Augers now at liberty, ho untied his legs and ankles and stood up a frco man. Ho staggered with mingled excitement and weakness. "Walls, floor, and ceiling seemed to dance rouud him, he. leaned against the nearest wall and passed his hand over his face, and looking again saw a welcome sight. It was tho trayof food Grace. had brought the previous night and which tho professor had not taken away. Eagerly "ho drank some spirits and felt almost himself again, .and even moro welcome than food or drink was a dinner knife with which he now severed the cord which.bound lii3 wrists. Next ho hud the cariosity to see how he had got free. The bamboo to which he had been so long bound fitted into two stout short poles 'about six inches thick, which came through tho floor. Examination now showed a flaw in tho centre of tbo broken piece, which had extended, till tho sound wood had given way in the fury of his fiual straggle. The stlek had snapped- and the bamboo -had been released from its resting-place.. "My worthy professor," murmured Herbert, " you did not allow for coutingeu-; cies. I have a strong, temptation to break your head before I go. "He ato and drank and then prepared to leave. Tho door was unlocked, he passed through and-stood in a small passage. And now a mystery was revealed which had, hitherto puzzled him. How, he had wondered, had tho professor got - him upstairs" when1 insensible ; but a life which stood before him' now explained. Glancing through tho landing window, he saw he was a good way from the ground. Following the stairs downward, ha came to. tho story below. Posing along a passage a Eonnd caught his ear from behind ono of the! closed doors. Ho paused and listened. Ihj was the sound of a giri sobbing and uttering broken words of prayer—tho vo;co of Grace.* In the sudden excitement of liberty, not yet five minutes old, be had forgotten her, but' now he remembered,"and his heart smote him that he had been going away without a word" of farewell. He remembered all she had done for him, in fact it was chiefly owing to her that he was now at liberty. He must let her know at oncc. He knocked nt tho door and whispered, "Miss Vincent." The sobs ceased, and her voice cried with a little gasp, "Who is there?"- ' • ' " • ■ 7 411—Pattison. I have got free," ho unswered. Then seeing the key in the lock he remembered -that she' had been locked in ; he turned tho key and catered. Grace had been' kneeling by her bedside, she now confronted him with a look of mingled astonishment and joy. Her hair was tumbled, ber lips parted with surprise. "Is it really you ? snc gasped timidly. • *' • • Pattison laughed at her astonishment, as in a few>words he told her how ho hud gained his liberty. Aw ho spoke her tears vanished, her eyes glowed, and the pale cheeks -became rosy. " I am so glad," she said softly. "I was praying for you. God must hare heard me." "Youhuvebeen very good to me, Grace," he answered, uuconsciously pronouncing her Christian iiame. ' '.But——' * He broke off, conscious of a new feeling towards her.'" If he went away, what would bo licr fate ? Hitherto the louging to escape had wholly .occupied him, but it now struck him thnt he gone, tho undaunted professor might again set the golden trap. What way was there of stopping him ? His brain at that moment was not very clear, and ho could tliiuk of none without publishing his ridiculous captivity to tho world. Now as his eyes rested ou Grace ho felt how impossible it was "to leave her under the present circumstances. His sentiments were quite changed. It was one thing to be blandly ordered to take a wife as a doctor might order a dose of medicine, but another * to "leave the poor girl who had done so much to aid him to tho fate of having to marry the next man captured as ho had been. But how to save her ? There was but one way—by marrying ber himself, and this step he found not wholly unpleasing. In fact he realised that he was in love with the girl who bad been tho innocent cause of all . bis sufferings. i Nor was this to be wondered at. She had1 douc mud) to aid him, hud dared for tho. first time in her life to disoboy her guurdian. Short as hud been their acquaintance her disposition in all its simplicity and tenderness bad been laid bare before Itim. And chief of all reasons iu a man's eyes, her beauty drew bim. She stood there in a simple dress and untidy hair, but nothing could disguise her loveliness. As be stood looking at. her, his eyes must have expressed their admiration, for hers fefl, and .her colour deepened. "Do you think," bo said at last, "the professor will go on with this mad scheme." " I—don't know; but go now, before ho comes back." ; " Grace," he cried, not heeding her words, "my darling, I can't leave you to such a fate. You shall not bo married to any stranger." * ^ 'With a shy, eager look sho raised her eyes and mmla a Imlf-step forward towards ,^iim as though welcoming his succour/ He caught her iti his arms aud kissed her. " Grace, do you lovo me ?" • "I don't know," she whispered softly^ "Yon see I hare not met anyone like yon before." "Yes, but—you let me kias you. You don't mind?" "Well, nobody ever kissed mo before," sho said, with an admirable blush. " If anybody else ever does, I'll murder him. Darling-, I want the monopoly of your kisses, your society, yourself. Grace, now I'm free, I know I love you. Will you be my wife ? And remember if you don't, you'll have to marry " "No, I wouldn't," she whispered. " I'd never have married anybody else after I'd met you." Hut Herbert received tho information that he bad sacrificed himself in vain with noble fortitude. And Grace's world had changed all in an instant. It 'seemed almost 'too good to be true—after the shame and hourly growing humiliation of being forced on nix unwilling husband, to be wooed by this man now tliat howas free and at liberty to walk out of the house. Her happiness was too deep for words. But there was no time for love-making. The professor was out for a walk and would i... tt soon return. . Herbert dkided that it would be best for him to go home and get some sleep, and return on the morrow to sco his old foe and tell him that ho hud won after all. j . Graco declared sho had not tho courage to tell him herself, and begged Herbert to leave i her locked in her room • and to go away at once: and this he.finally did, and, bidding, her s lender fure\vell, relocked the ,door and went downstairs. i He glanced at himself in a mirror in the hall above "which he found hanging his own hnt which had fallen off when the professor kidnapped him. He put it on, and turning up the collar of his light overcoat, concealed the fact that ho was in very crumpled even in? dress. Opening the front door, he was about io quit the house when a man met him on the threshold. At the first glimpse he thought it was the professor returning, hut a second look showed it was a policeman. ! "Good afternoon, sir," said the latter. I "Are you a friend of Professor Mcdcalfs?" Herbert, not inclined at that 'moment to enter into an explanation of his acquaintance with the'professor, mendaciously answered in 1 the affirmative. I'm sorty to have to acquaint you, sir, that the professor has nxct with an accident." "Oh, indeed!" said Herbert blankly. " Come in and tell mc about it. Don't bo afraid of frightening mc," he added drily, " I can bear it." * . " The man gave a glance of some astonish ment and said: "As you may be aware, sir, the professor goes for a walk every afternoon. He's a well known character about here, and has been run over several times, owing to his stopping all of a sudden as he walks. I hear he's a literary gent, and does it when ideas come to him. well, 'alf an hour ago he was crossing Olliver road, just by Winsoii's, when ho polls up suddenly. There was a brewer's van coming along at a good pace, .and it wai on him before tbe driver could pull up. I was' the nearest constable,' my relief was just due, that's why I can corac here now. I picks him up, unconscious only X thought he was ; but a doctor examines him and says thut he was dead, an 'orse 'oof 'nving struck him on tho temple." But if the professor's ghost is able to revisit the world, he must smile to see how well, when alive, he had carried out his promise to his dead friend, for Herbert and Grace were married as soon as tho Archbishop's special license permitted; and what is more, Pattison has freely, forgiven him his arbitrary 'methods of securing a husband, for Grace and be, in spite of their odd prcnuptial acquaintance ship, find their married life run smoothly and happily. 