Original Story. THE GOLDMINE J'S CHRISTMAS MEMORIES. All Rights Reserved. i. Poon Old Job I Never better man went down a shaft ; and as I sit here in comfort and ease, enjoying the autumn of life, I have good reason to look back at the time Job and I were mates with gratitude and profound respect for tbe rough, unlettered old North country man. Job Appleton and I met, just as hundreds nf ntlinr Tnon moot. An ftiA gold fields, by the merest chance. Some meet, work together as mates, and then part for ever. But our as- sociatien did not end that way — though we were often parted. Some friends of mine had bought a share in one of the Valley claims — not the best end, hut one of the Southern claims, none of which were extra good. None of my friends had any practical knowledge of mining no they gave me a fourth, and weekly wages in proportion to the interests they held, to work the share. There wore six shares, and the holders thereof were a mixed lot — publicans, storekeepers, and all sorts. There was one young fellow a pretty good hand, hut when yve bottomed the shaft for " nix " he cleared out, and I think the others would have done the same had I not advised to the con trary. Ours was a block claim, alongside a frontage claim that had turned out payable dirt ; and I saw no reason why, as we were on the same level, we should not also 'get some gold. One of the shareholders, a publican, jibbed, and parted with a half to an old miner — both to share equal hut -"no wages to he paid the working shaieholder. That miner wae Job Appleton. I thought him a comical little chap at first ; he was short and not very broad, though heavy : he had a slow, drawling way with him though smart enough at work — and spoke the dialect of the North very broad. The very first day's acquaintance how ever, proved Job's worth as a miner, and before the week was out I was ust as pleased with him as a man. The fellows we had with us were almost useless, they know nothing neither would they work, thus handi capping the claim badly, for a lot of downright hard work was necessary to prove the ground. Both Job and I proposed driving westerly until we struck the gold. They 'demurred at first ; but finally consented. Fifteen feet in the rock dipped, and we got a little gold. As the dip was pretty sudden the labour of getting up the stuff was pretty heavy, and it was thought advisable to sink a shaft so as to bottom the deepest ground ; and Job and I sug gested that as there waB not enough for the whole of us to do driving down the dip half had better tackle the shaft. They demurred, and finally much against our wish decided to let the sinking to contrac tors. It seems they had a gang of fellows ready to snap the job — a lot of eye-opening sharpers — men of their own kidney — gamblers, spielers, and what not besides. Anyway, Job and I were out-voted and the shaft was sunk to the rock — that is, the same depth as our old shaft, and they declined to go further. Job and I insisted that tbe rock was not the bottom, but they would have to sink through it (it was only a soft slatey rock and easy to work) until they came on the end of the dip. Of course there was a row over it, and our mates actually sided with the contractors — for no doubt they were in the Bwim. Thus, when the dip was bottomed, and the wash dirt widened out, it became necessary to put 'the shaft down thirty feet deeper, and Job and I did the sinking, spell and spell about, while the others worked at the windlass hauling up the stuff. Now, it was a most singular thing that from the time we tackled the shaft something was always going wrong. Sometimes it was the wind lass gave way, at others, the canvas hose, through which the air was forced down by a fan, parted, and not infrequently fell on the man below — which was either Job or myself ; then by some means they'd not hook the greenhide bag on properly, and down it would come, so that Job and I had a pretty rough time of it, and it really seemed as if we had nine lives like the cats. Anyhow, we bottomed the shaft. It was my turn below when I poked my pick through one corner of the drive, and then the rush of air was so great that, beiug all wet with per spiration, I stood a good chance of being doubled up. I sang out for them to haul me up. No answer. Then I roared into the hole for the others below to drive away so as to enable me to get through. Still no answer. So I worked away for dear life until I made a hole big enough to squeeze through. No one was in the drive, nor was the rope hanging down the shaft. Whatever wae up with them I couldn't imagine. Surely Job would never leave me there — even though the other wretches might do so. Well, I knocked down a lot of stuff, and occasionally shouted up both shafts ; and then I could see that night had set in, and my candle was used up. It was hy no means a pleasant situation. I had a nice little home about a mile away from the claim and I knew that my wife would he in agony of suspense when I did not turn up at the usual hour, for accidents were so frequent that she always lived in dread of seeing me brought home on a sheet of hark. And so it happened in this ' in stance, for after waiting for an hour, she ran to the store where one of my contributing mates was employed and told him of her fears for my safety ; and he, like a good fellow, ran all the way over to the claim, and seeing Job sitting hy the' fire in front of his tent, asked where I was. " Where is he P why, at home, I should say — where he oughter to he." He was informed differently ; and as none of the other fellows lived within a mile or so of the claim, Job, before going to tell them, ran to the shaft, on a venture, and sang out . " Below there !" Joyful news to ine ! for though I was not in any way scared, I was anxious about the wife ; and 1 was smoking for company. " Is that you, JobP" " Yes, me hearty. What he thee doin' there this time o' night ? Look out there — the rope's a-comin'. Be thee hurt, lad ; or what's oop with 'ee ?" I soon had my foot in the loop and was hauled up to the surface. I told Job all about it, and the only explanation he could give was this. He had to go to the township for some caudles ; and when he got hack he found all hands had, as he thought, gone home, myself included. He never dreamt of my being left below, so went on lighting his fire and got his beefsteak and onions under weigh. " And this is about the size of it, lad, the beggars cleared out as soon as my hack was turned, an' they knowed you was below. I'll he up sides wi' 'em afore long — see if I don't." "Well, Job, as its Christmas eve you'd better come over home with me. . . And I have to thank you, Thompson, for coming over, and help ing Job pull me up. Now let's hurry, or the wife will go into hysterics." Happily, she was not of that order of femininity — though she was in a very had way — and only that there were two little toddlers, too young to be left alone, she would have run over to the valley herself. Anyhow, we spent a very pleasant evening — my mates at the big store sending over several bottles of wine and Bpirite. ii. This wae only the beginning of our troubles — and had I known the claim would have turned out so badly I would have chucked ' her up " — but one never knows what may happen in gold mining. However, we, that is Job and I, circumvented all their evil designs for over six months and the claim duffered out — the wash dirt carrying the gold running out to a mere thread. The claim had never paid wages, and the fellows were awful grumbly about it — and so, also, were my friends, for they had hoped to make a little rise out-of the ground. But Job, though a simple unlettered man, slow Of speech and idea, was as shrewd as North country men generally aTe. He and I had discussed the matter of the gold run ning out before. In fact, the claim was an extraordinary one ; and we had been working a " pot-hole," which by all the known rules of gold- mining, should have contained tons of gold. The fact is the real vein had run overhead, in another layer of drift ; and the thin vein we had been following was merely a feeder. Both Job and I suspected this; but we didn't venture to put our thoughts into words. So the claim was abandoned, and, the fellows that had been shepherd ing us for some months, including the rascally contractors, were non plussed. The valley had been sunk all over long before we put down the deep shaft, and so close together were the holes that it did not seem likely that they could miss it. Job thought otherwise ; for says he a day or so after our final washing up, " Jack, me boy, let's see what we can do now. That thin hit o' lead run up to high ground — and I shouldn't he surprised if she don't widen out." " But surely the people that sunk those holes would have struck it." " Not for certain ; anyway, listen, lad. I've a fancy that as soon as that thin streak gets on the old level it will spread out. Now what we've got to do is to dodge these blooming spielers what's been hangin' about. For safety we must mark off a claim along side th' old 'un — but they mustn't see us, in fact, neither you nor me muBt go anywhere near ; then, d'ye see, they'll think it's all up, an' off they'll go. . . But what we ought to do is to try for an acre, or more if we can get it, of this yei valley ; it's all departed, an' we can take it up as abandoned ground, see ?" I did see ; and Job was a shrewder man than I had thought him to be. I asked who he thought of taking in with us. " Well, first of all ; you an' I'll mark out six men's ground to night — an' put in the pegs where they can't he 6een, under some mul lock, or behind a hush. Then we marks out our acre, puts up notices, an' then applies for it in th9 usual way. As for them as comes in — well, say your friends over at the store ; that's three ; you an' me '11 make five ; then there's Little Jemmy and Big Ted, that's seven ; and what do yer say to Benny for the eighth?" Now I had no objection to Little Jemmy who was a smart, well read, hut not over scrupulous cockney ; he was a hit of a pugilist — and so, also, was Big Ted, and both of them might prove good and loyal mates ; hut as for " Benny," I confess I liked neither the man nor his name. " Well Job, let it be as you say — though, candidly, I don't like Benny." So we went to work cautiously, and marked off our six men's ground that night. Next day we interviewed the trio of pugilists at . a wellknown- puh in the town, and then the whole crowd of us went on the ground, in a body and nailed our notices on trees situate at the corners of the ground we wished to occupy. Job still kept Ills tent standing near the old shaft — which we had included in our extended claim — thus, when he went outside next morning to kindle his fire, he saw a crowd of men on the six men's claim. Ha sauntered down to them in his easy going way, and found two men just starting a shaft, and among the ring standing around was Benny. Says Job : "Stow that, chaps, this yer's my ground." " You be hlowed ! we're 'ere fust, an' we're a-goin' to punch down & hole jisl ter see what's at tlier bot tom." Upon which Job asked where their pegs were ; and for answer he was laughed it. Finding matters getting serious, ho called upon Benny to put in a word hut that worthy simply grinned all his enormous mouth would let him. Then Job said something uncompli mentary to Benny's " eyes an' limbs," and then, in stepping back to avoid a blow from his big fist, fell into a puddle hole full of soft yellow slush. Then Job's dander riz, and yellow and greasy as he was, he " went for " Benny. What would have happened it is hard to say only for the arrival on the scene of Big Ted and Little Jemmy, who immediately, without in quiry, rolled into Benny and those who were assisting him. And while they were thus engaged myself and other partners arrived, and, as a mat ter of course, we joined in the melee. It was a rough scrimmage but no serious harm was done ; a little blood and a few bruises, and possibly some torn clothes, and that was all. To settle matters I went for the Commissioner, who came on the ground later in the day, aud though the law was that the notices should be posted 8 days prior to granting, he gave us the desired area. hi. We worked that claim for many months, and by systematic and steady working made it pay. Big Ted and Little Jemmy sold out to a well- known local capitalist, a very good fellow, by-the-bye, and hi assisted us materially in the working by paying for extra labour ; so that we had as many as 50 men working at once. Matters improved, and the dividends were quite respectable. Job, on the strength of it, put on a man to work his shares ; and after handing me all his money, save a few shillings — for Job had an aversion to banks — he went off for a look round the country. Job liked prospecting, and working our big claim was too methodical for him. The claim still improved and our capitalist mate offered to form a com pany to purchase. At first I declined, but seeing that the others were agree able, I gave way, and, us I was act ing for Job, there was do further de lay. Each of us received a thousand pounds down, and retained 250 paid- up shares. Once more Christmas drew near and as my wife was desirous ef spending the festive season in Sydney, I made arrangements to go. In Sydney I found congenial occu pation ; and regularly received divi dends from the claim, until one day I met my capitalist friend, who advised me to sell out. He would purchase my interest ; or find me a purchaser, just as I liked. I also arranged for the purchase of Job's interest, for he had left his affairs entirely to me — though his dividends were paid into the local bank. Thus, I was clear of the old claim of which Job and I had been the pioneers. The capitalist was right, for the gold rail out soou after I sold — and he had sold all his inter ests just a day before the vein pinched out. IV. Job was no penman, and for years I heard nothing of him, though he was never forgotten in our house. My girls, now grown up to woman hood, remembered the rough old Geordie ; and we all regretted that he was not living at his ease in Sydney, as he ought to have been. The unexpected often happens. One wet evening hurrying along George Street towards the railway station, I Baw a man cross the street, and he- fore he could reach - the side I was at he was knocked down by a cab. I saw the whole thing — the man struck, fall down on the blocks and turned over and over by the horse's feet. Several persons rushed to his assistance, hut I was first. The man was badly hurt, his legs broken, and his face bruised and cut. By a ray of light from a shop window I saw the face, it was Job's. I sent for my wife ; and stayed all night along side Job's bed at the hospital. It was not till the morn ing that he recognized me, and the poor old chap's joy was great indeed to find some one he knew. The doctors decided to perform no operation : he cold not live, they said, more than a few days. Could I re move him to my house? Yes, it would do hhn no harm. Job heard what we said and was most emphatic in his desire to go " home," as he called my place. I was glad of it. I had a nice home in the suburbs, and I knevy that Job would feel happier among those he knew. Accordingly I employed two trained nurBes, and they accompanied me and Job home in the ambulance. It was Christmas week, and I cheered Job up by saying we were going to have a good time of it on account of his being with us. The poor old chap smiled, the ghost of a smile it was, but he was brave and cheerful, in spite of the great pain his injuries gave him. On Christmas eve we had him out on the broad shaded verandah, on an easy couch. It was pleasantly warm; and he enjoyed the sight of the fruit and flowers in the garden. We were all sitting about him, rallying him with cheerful talk and showing him the comic pictures of the season. But Job's face was thin and drawn, and his voice had got alarmingly weak. " It's a matter o' eighteen years, lad, since we spent our first Christmas together ; an' I don't calculate upon spendin' another. . . No, Jack, I'm a gowen, an' no mistake ; an' I may jest as well settle what little bizzi- ness I've got to do an' say all I've got to say. I ain't been fust chop, you know, but I never robbed any body — though they've robbed me, an' would a' killed me too if I hadn't a got fust shot." Job hereupon narrated a number of exploits, some of them wild aud lawless, but all of them showing that at any rate his vices were of the unselfish order. Not withstanding, he was able to put away iu the Braid wood bank a con siderable amount of gold — over £5000, in fact. " I jest wants you to write me a will for me to sign" he continued, " hut, Jack, 1 feels precious bad, so put it down quick. I ain't got neytlier chick nor child o' me own, an' nobody belongin' to rae. You've always been a square mate, an' kind when I was in trouble ; then take the swag." I demurred ; aud suggested some one else. " No lad ; hut, now I think on't, the bloomin' cabby — he cooked my goose ; hut, poor devil, I dessay he was in a hurry an' couldn't help it. Don't let 'em do nothin' to him ; an' I 'sptcts he's got a wife an' kids ; so put him down for a tenner. These yer young ladies too — what have been so kind an' keerful o' me, put 'eiu down for a £20 a piece. An' I'll like to give a few pounds to the 'orsopitul upon our old diggins, not as they ever done anything for me, but they hev for others. And now, lad, I'm awful bad. But, Jack, you and the missus an' your lasses take what's left. That's all — that's my wilL Good-bye all, Job's ago in' home." And my Geordie mate's soul went to the Better Land. Paul Twyfobd. 