_____ LC w U U THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BALLYRAN. T asa wild, stormy evening upon which W1ill Darrellar.riorvell and took puourseion of his suddenly acquired estate of '1 iBalyran, County Galway, Ireland. Young, hanudoma , and talented, Will 5rsnrll had rtauggled, since his boyhood. with adversily, anol now, at the agaof cig~lri-.d-twenty, found hrmself a rich man, having woke up one morning to the know. ledge of a legacy, from a distant and till then upknown relative, of twenty thousand pomuds and Cable I3allyran. bhe money was in the Funds, and a transfer'had been effected, when Darrell resolved upon a journey to the sister country to inspect the property, of whiob he had heard only a con fnse4 account. He found, on his arrival. that the Castle was a " venerable old pile;'and a' youpg and enthueiastib artist[ Darrell viewed his posseoeion with rapturous eyes. Farefrom any town, and at.a considerable distance even from the~ nearept Pillage, the old castle stood'alone, in desolate grandeur, overhanging the rocky seabhore. The ap. proach lay over a bleak arid almost barren upland, and the gusty wind howled shrilly to the roaring waves. It was uppn one of tbe last days of Octo. bar, the evening of whi!h was closiqg In, se Darrell, with his Irish agent, entered the great hall of the castle. A portion only of the great building was habitable, and for years no one had resided there.but an old man named Alike, and the crone, hlis wife, who were the eustodians of the place, and had grown grey within its walls. Will Darrell and thie agent were received most reverentially'by the ancient couple, and were conducted to the chief chamber on the pround floor, the banqluet hall of former days. It loomed' large and lofty, and dimly grand in the grey twilight, ru, dered yetrnore obscure tby the discoloured windows, through which everything was thrown il shadow. The panelling wr. of black oak, relieved by the gilded quarterigs of old families, and the dim portraits of old generatlons. At the farther end of the chamber was at dais,and above it hung some tattered ban ners, which had done good service in their I day, and drank the blood and'licked tie dust of many a well-fought field. There a were arms of almost every age, and herem and threre complete sui;s of rusty mail stood ) out like gaunt and warlike spectres. A long table occupied the contre of the rall, but a few chairs only stood at'its a head. Towards these the newcomers made their way as old Blike entered,' bearing t Iuge candelabras. Above the immense hilmne?.piece wap carved some incident of t lhe early-wars, the design of which was lost o to the eager artiet's eyes of the young b eg:tee, by the smoke that issued in thick fh volumes from tile turf and green wqod, b rut newl'y-lighted on the large hearth y ceneath, ...... oailthe, welcome to tiie old caltle I may c, ou live long, sir, to reside in it with all tc onour and prosperity I" exclaimed the gent 'armly. i 'it~olde in it l By my faith I'll neverg I oayse itl \ What a glorious old place I its i uinous aspectdelights'me more than would g gorgeous palace with our latest modern npt ovements." d Gazing admiringly around, Will Darrell a vas only roused from the most pleasant of a uminations by'the return of tile old people. c rearing a couple of trays burthenedt with b lisefes cprtnining boiled and roast fowl., o Iried salmon, cakes, oaten bread, and two s, lecanters of whisky. o Tired arid huntry, the artist and the b enfiaf agent did full jostice to all that was laced before them, tile former parmtuking t imost too freely of the potent ioltheen Until eleven o'clock tile jovial cormpanrlions aroused, when? Mike offered to comiduct hem to their apartrments for tile nighr. e The withered i erving man, like most of , is class, was garrpllous in tle extremo, anti n eull of stories of ghosts and barosheus. To hose latter Will DUrell listened with muchr nterest and all amused smile. Onie tale partictilarly rivetted the oatten. tronr of the young artisit ; it was of a phiran. omin whom report credited with prowling and glidjng about the old castle at midnight -the phantom of a young and lovely woman in white. The agent having retired, Darrell, con- 1 sulting his watch witl a humorous smile, asked the aged dervitor what particular portion of the castle was most favoured by r tihe ghost, and was informed that the e lovely phantom had been seen gliding about in tlhe habited portion, of tihe building as as often as the chambers that were falling into ruin and decry. " Very'ell, Alike; They say, ' After dinner sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.' So, as i feel now not at all inclined for re pose, give me a lantern and 1',l amulp my. self by finding out if tiis pretty phantom will show up to the mew lord of her domain." " hlusha, an' it's golng over the eastle a?l by yourself, your honour, and close onr mnidnighit I Ochone, it's tempting PLrovi. dance, shure I " said tihe old man trembling and doevoutly crossing himself. " Oh, don't you fear, Mlike, a lady ghost or no ghost wonr't frighten W111 Darrell; and, pcrirps, as I'm a singlo young.man thie fematle Ihanlom will run away from me Instead of after me." "ledad, the pretty coll*een may.lead you out oni the rooks, shure, an' yer ilonobr mrry be carried away the samo asyoung tat' D)oolan, who was lost emntoiroly, blown out to ao,and never 'heard of' again, olusha I " " Well, 1'1 chance the rooks, thie wlnoi. and the soe. Mikeluive me a lantern ; I'm determined to findrl thie phantom of.Castle Ballyran,"so sly no morer but oil with you to* yo?r old duiar, and lenveme to Iool about for thil young one. 1i the fle~h orout of It, 1'11 haIve speech with her~'thrguh allI the shades of my ancestorsesoiroupded her," Laughing at the lugubrlous Janitor the young lord of thso'ld castle, recaivipg . lighted lantern f1om his trermbling hands, bsoldly strol'e ftom the banqsuet iall, and prenently began to mount tb'e dilapidated steircaae wltibhout, ..The talls broken, and fhe casements beaten in,the'wlind in fitful blnats'and rush. fik sweeps 'met him in full force as at length he'gained a narrow landing place, aboase, The bold artlebstopping now for a moment, stood by an open niche to, brjthn tho nirht Dair and listen'to thie saglag moan ! of the sea as it laved the bench, laughing aloud as attracted by the glare of the lan tern a huge oat dasheld full in his face at the very moment that an owl setup her melon choly, weird tu whit, tu whoo I l'ursuang his way through a long gpllery I undismayed by the rats that, startled fron their holes, ecampered over the black floot like.frightened rabbits, W1ill Darrell, h9ld ing high thp lantern, pressed on until he gained an apartment, vast, gloomy and vor3 scantily provided with crazy antique furni ture. Abed pt one side the room looked dark and hearse like, and its proportions to the eye of the artist seemed fit for a com. pany of light infantry, 'who might pro viously have sat down togetherto sup it the fireplace, where four green logs wan making asthmatic attempts at a smoke. The walls were hung with torn arras, and there were half-a-dozen portraits oa formei owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the reom from thi bed Darrell observed a door, that apparently opened into some lessoer chamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old building, and, swinging his lantern to and fro, WillDarrell was stopping to the soor that had attracted his attention when he was startled by a loud sigh and'the tap. tap of.tiny feet as though a child'was run. ning acroes the floor. ".So the ghosts are beginning the game. I never heard yet that phantoms required fires to warm themselves by, and, as this apartment was certainly not intended for my bed.chambor, situate as it irin the uninhabited part of time astle, the matter, to say the least of It, looks suspiolous. I rpade'up my mind to have a squint'at old Mike's phantom, and it appears to me joy curiosity respecting the female ghost is very likely to be gratified." Soliloquising thus, Will Dartell, aundeterrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldly, made for the door front. ig the hearae.like bedslead. The rmeatns of egress to this chamber being on the latch the bold young artist threw it back on its hiniges, starting and uttering an exclamation of wonder as he caught sight of the figure of a young woman. A lovely woman, habited in a white deess, and who by her attitude as she stood star. itg at the intruder, whilst in her astunishi ment and alarm graspling for support the back of an easy American ,chair, was as surprised and confounded as he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud lanugh made a dash forwardsas the woman with a shriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in' the wall at the back of the chamber. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, the fair occupant had at once availed herself of this retreat opened to her. Aboutto follow the substantial phantom, the young Ilrshmann was seized in the grasp of a shock.headed Irishman,. who, with a broad grin upon his tan'ned and humorous features, exclaimed: " Whibst, yer honour I be oisy ; I've seen .Mike, he tould me as ye meant to sac the phantom of the castle, tome, Musha, It's all the boys as'll be glad ;o saeyer honour." " lumph I I think I understand mat. sre. However, lead on my friend, I'll'fol. ow I" ejaculated )arrell, at once no* resitatingly treading in the footsteps of his ulide. Threading their way onward thrnugh the deeerted chambers, they presently reachei a roofless tower, aindfrom thence descended s long winding staircase leading to the crags. Over these was Darrell conducted by his guide, he knew not whither, heoaring only the bellowing of the ocean, and tihe scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark bject seemed to oppose further progress, .ut the Irishman thrust the brushwood side, and led-the way on through a narrow sinding passage, apparently hollowed out of the rocks. A loud shout now broke upon the ears of larroll, and the next instant he was in the oentre of a wild group who welcomed him vith uproarious cheers and boilterorus mirth to the smugglors' cave of Ballyran. With a laugh as hearty as their own, Will Dorrell seated himself upon a keg, and ruch to the delight of Iis rough coin. uIlions gulped down a gloss of pure lotheon that he felt assured had never paid duty. The story was soon told to the amused young. artist; Castle Ballyran, offlering atmirable facilities for headqluarters, Dan Itiflerty's smuggler hand had decided to pread the report of the building being haunted. Norah, the chief's daughter, a romantic, bold young oolleen, oonsenting to enact the role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by the now lord of the castle, we have seen how the young lady ghost ran for it, instead of mirthfully be. holding the flight of her victims. The carouse of the smugglers and their Ionoured guest was kept up till early morn," Will Darrell deriving much amdssment from the confusion of the agent and old lMike, who both had, of course, been in league with the smugglers. We never hoard it the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to "fresh fields and pastures new,n but we do know that Wll.Daeroll became trhe husband of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyran. . . . . . ..~- 3 