",Message of the Lord Jesus Christ to Christian People." "THE 144,000 ON MOUNT ZION." AN interesting address on the subject of "The 144,000 standing with the Lamb upon Mount Zion" was given, in the Building Society's Hall, last Thursday night, by Mr. C. Lindley Perry, B.A., who, as he explained, is an evangelist on a special mission to deliver the present message of our Lord Jesus Christ to all Christian people. There was not a large attendance. Mr. Perry began by reading from Revelations xiv., 1-5, and vii., 1-3. The Mount Zion re tarred to, he explained, was a spiritual Mount Zion, and the 144,000 consisted of Christian men and women, and not Jews, for the 12 tribes mentioned were the children of Israel after the spirit, and not in the literal sense. Whether this 144,000 was a literal or a symbolic number no man could say, because it was not revealed ; but certainly it was a definite limited number compared with that exceeding great multitude which the Apostle John saw immediately fol lowing, and which no man could number, because the 144,000 were spoken of as the first fruits unto God and the Lamb, and the multi tude was the harvest which was to follow. Mankind was divided into three great divisions in the purpose of God in this dispensation- Christians, Jews, and heathens-and this three fold division was shown in ordaining that the Mosaic Tabernacle should consist of three divisions. The Lord had given to Christians special privileges because they were baptised. lie then went on to give reasons why the 144,000 were Christians and not Jews. In the first place, they were sealed persons. The sealing was an ordinance which did not exist during the Jewish dispensation. All persons who had been sealed could only have been sealed since the giving of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost. ' Secondly, there was no instance given in the New Testa ment of sealing without baptism, and if they were baptised persons they must have had the Christian calling. Thirdly, the Book of Revela tion, given to John, who was the last remaining on earth of the first 12, treated of things then "shortly to come to pass," therefore during this, the Christian, dispensation. Fourthly, Mount Zion referred to the highest position in the kingdom of heaven, and that was not for Jesus, but was reserved for members of the Christian Church. Acts xix. was referred to for an instance of sealing. The bestowal of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of an apostle's hands after baptism. No one but an apostlecould be stow this gift of sealing. Bishops could bestow a blessing by the laying on of hands, but it was not a sealing, and was not followed by the consequences of sealing. Referring to Bevela tions vii., the speaker stated that the angel ascending from the east indicated the Lord Jesus Christ, and He had the seal of the living God. It was pointed out that before the close of this dispensation there should be another apostleship sent forth, having the seal of the living God, and in order that they might, by the laying on of hands, bestow the gift of the Holy Ghost; and, while this was going on, the four angels, or judgments, were held back. And for the last 60 years there had been apostles upon this earth. We were now in the year 1898, and this dispensation,like the patriarchal and the Jewish dispensations, would only last 2000 years. Just before the close of this dispensation the Lord Jesus Christ had sent forth apostles who alone could bestow this gift of sealing as a preparntion for His coming, which was at our very doors, and as a means of escaping from the terrible judgments which Be was about to pour out upon the earth. This work was now very nearly com pleted, for all the apostles save one had been removed by death, and he was now in his l4tlh year. The four judgments spoken of in the Old Testament were the sword, the famine, the pestilence, and the noisome beast. There was talk about the disarmament of the nations and peace upon earth. It was all nonsense--tbere would be no peace upon earth till the Lord came. It was a remarkable thing that the plague was just commencing-it had found its way on to the Continent. The Lord Jesus Christ had restored His fourfold ministry of apostles, prophets, evangelists, and pastors to bestow His highest gift on Christian men and women, and it was theirs if they would accept it. In conclusion, he exhorted the audience to study this matter, and seek for guidance from God, and, after he had thanked his hear ers for their attendance and attention, the meeting concluded. 