THE DAY OF E E S I . t , j i PRAYER. I C p BY GEOliGE C. LOiiiMEf!, e of Treriu.'n; Temple, Bir-ion, L". | a 'iiy hcuit Fhall it-:- called for ail I l of pr.ijMari.- .\i. it. trf m "I eJiort,"therefore, n.at nrst eft nil, supplier.- ions, prayers, inu-r-.-essicn.-, ;md givins o£ thank?, e made for ail men; f.-.r kir^s, urd I^r all iii.-.t o re lujrh in plasvs. that v.e may 3«vl a quut and m eaceable l,fe in an froodness and hon-i,-. v ;fti"ln rtS^ds wUUoui"^- "S^ui- 1 ! ^iTi^ii i> i i B The Church was' iTever dorianed to be a 1 oisy mob or turbulent marked nor a t'orum f here «UUhness could light anew iu' m attle?: it was neve, intended that she; hould furnish additional opportunities for ! o he factions of society to inU aud engage! l n lis-frH n-,iiTfl- i„ „„,. li • id -r , , V '.- „ ?' e S%tot.he manifest teachings oi God s s , l o ilt-!- *w To; i i ? t „ ljle cartb Jl he fu 'V horid specially engage m secular walwre. p t ^ t A e ^ ^ i o t ^ ndividuals— ot > v .lid n To n-.:<1 .citing and spen-jinj moiig Che miasmas of this wicked world. e nd our Saviour in this passage echoes the t .-tmous utterance of the prophet of old, g My bouse shal! be tailed the house of G rayer for all nations," and He illustrates a ind annotates His own declaration by o aking a whip in His hands and scourging MH rom the outer courts of the Temple the c en who exchanged money and sold doves, m y His act. as well as by His word, teachng us that His Church was meant to be the st__mmlm a ource aud the stay of man's devotional ife. This doctrine taught by the Saviour s echoed and elaborated, so to speak, by t. Paul. In the passage I have read lie is rying to teach those to whom he wrote ow they should behave themselves in the ouse of God. He does not -have reference o much to their peculiar manner in the p anctuary as to the kind of life tihat hould di'rtinguish those who are members C f His Living Body. He says—"I exhort hat supplications, prayers, intercessions, nd giving of thanks be made." That s, he finds the devotional life revealed nd unfolded to man in the sweet privilege nd exalted duty of prayer; and without rayer there is no devotional life at all. e brings it, therefore, to us in this text. n the text he presses upon our attention hai which, I believe, it is the need of the our that we should understand more fully nd appreciate more highly than we geneally do. He says "everywhere," "in every lace." Chrysostom interprets the word s a comment upon Christ's declaration that either in Jerusalem nor in the mountain hould men worship exclusively; that there hould in the future be no locality necessary o render sanctity or efficacy 'to prayer. In even" place"—in God's primeval emple, the great forests of our land, in ighty basilica or humble meeting-house. meeiing-house! that phrase so often emloyed by lordly ecclesiastics scornfully to ass upon our sanctuaries the reflection that hey nre hardly to be dignified with the ame of sacred edifice—that term was emloyed by our forefathers to denote not a pot where man jostles man, but where God eets the soul in holy fellowship and comunion. Eighth- understood, there is no cclesiastical term so sacred as the one hat is cast out as unclean by some of your ong-sleeved gentry, for the meeting-house s where God meets with His creatures, nd wherever God meets with man that lace is supremely holy. For, as one of our American poets says:— 'Vhere two or three in faith's communion meet, I'liere, with Christ's presence, is the Church complete. PRAYER BY ALL MEN. So in every place, in your own room, in your ofiioe, in your workshop, every place, down in the mine, in the field, by the furrow, every place where the heart s bowed before God, this devotion may erform her office. "I will therefore that men pray in every place." What men? he men. The Apostle does not say the lergy, nor the ministry, nor those who 'war" office, but the men, apparently the laity generally, and seemingly to the inlusion of women. I say '"seemingly," beause it is not altogether clear. Thc- ' P^stle, writing to the Corinthians, says, 'It is a shame for women to pray in the 'hurt-lies when not properly attired." Con- KKiucittly I dare not exclude any human be- ; rig According to the teachings of the liristiftii Fathers in the early Church, • raverwas offered not only by "the minitc-rs, not only by the elders, but by devout en, by thr.sj who loved God; and I wis!) o '•ay it as a student of the Bible, and of iftorv. that in the ordinary prayer meetng, where the minister rises and reads a .lorlion of the Word, where some hymns :re chanted with judicious care, where a few prayers are breathed from the soul, being. They were very much incensed against it: in my judgment, not reasonably so, not fairly so. There are a great many excellent and beautiful things in the Book of Common Prayer; there is much to be said in favour of using now and then eertain forms of prayer. In all our judgments let us be just: do not let us carry our confictions to suc-h a point that we never can see any good in that of which Ave in general disapprove. I well understand tlie feeling of some ministers to-day who would like tj> have a prescribed form of prayer; I can understand it, botaufe, of all the solemn duties of the rlerjry, the mn=t solemn and | sublime is leading a multitude like this tip i to the thresho'd of eterrtitv and before tie j Great White Tbroue of God. I have, therefore. no censures, no criticisms, no cynical ) remarks fcr tlwse who differ from m<; in this matter. Rut now the Apostle develops certain cltaractTlst'cs of this devcrioual life or life ! of pntyer in the Church. He says, "With intercessions." Is it not singular that he never says we should pray for ourselves, but o-nly for so-mebo-ly else? Yon must understand that when yon bow iu prayer. The wofi'sn of Canaan, wh<E?n ?he went to : the Saviour, said, "Lord, have mercy on me." Yet she was no£ ack. Her j daughter was s-lcfc; but, if the j Lord helped her daughter. He would he I helping her. She guite foTgot herself wten J a atGcttnfcmbiasvpCapstcafoAyyatEtadfnwthp i wm—mrsamtiwJoboCsU t t s t i w s m ob k c vou hive the counterpart of original .'•liriBtianworship,and are nearerto.theorigi- :al model than in any arrangement that you ind in any land, and in any Communion vhatever. The Apostle in this passage gives us an idea of the scope of the devotional life, as' xpressed by the term "prayers," to which e adds "supplications," "intercessions," T ind "giving of thanks." It is the outgoing t if a man's soul unto God; it is the over- Sowing of the heart's desire poured into d the ear of the Infinite, for prayer is not so of mu<:h a word as a desire. Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, a Uttered or unexpressed, The mouon of a living fire That bains within the breast. q How often you have bowed yourselves beiore Gcd with so many requests, and your tongue has failed its office, and you .have been prostrate in absolute silence; all yew p could s>ay was, "Oh, God, read for Thy sell, i interpret my poor soul. Thou knowest, understand for me, oh, Father." Consequently in the early Church there '.vas no liturgical lonij of prayer. The word 'liturgy" occurs in the second century in some documents, but then it does not refer to an order of prayer but to an order of s service. For instance, according to the original use of the term, this order of service, telling when the Bible is Co be read and where the hymns were to be sung •.vould lie a liturgy. Tiiat is ihe original meaning of the word. Gradually, however, the word assumed a larger meaning, and was applied to oertain written forms, of which the Church, up to the time cf t.on- >taritine the Great, knew nothing. After the coiiversioD cf the Roman Emperor a < liar.ge came over the movements of Christian people. There was a great desire to be more courtly than they had been, to be more guarded in their expressions, to be r-areful not to offend the ears of royalty, to tee to it that there was no trip in gram- !iia»- in their forms or prayer, and in other ways that by a studied form the devotion of "the Church might' be promoted. Hence vou find in these early wntings reference made to liturgies. Dr. Plummer tells us that in reading carefully the liturgies he finds traces cf early creeds, of baptismal formularies, bur no trace whatever of written prayer till after the reign o£ Constantino. Gradually, of cour=e, definite specific forms c-ame into use. In England, up to the Reformation, you had no Honk of Common Prayer: but there were prayers in circulation, mainly in Latin. These prayers, or many of them, were collected aud annotated, and her and there perhaps revi^d, and thev were combined toeclber in what is now 'known as the Book of Common Prayer. The Puritans were never reconciled to it, and we have an accoipt in history of a goodly deputation going to James I., in his palace at Hr.mpton Court, to besc-ecb him that the Church might be relieved of these prescribed forms: then rre are told that King James said that he had peppered the Puritans pretty soundly. Forty-rme years passed, and the Puritans came back "again, this time with helmet on head and steel gauntlet on baud; and they crush up the Prayer-book for the time "Lord So it ^ ^ „ 1 \- plover. SoiiieUuiis 1: iavn heard Christian women and 1 hristian men complain thm ihey caunotj; ray lor tiiemsclvej:. Is tnat ;mt of your \ xperience-: When you are more spiritual nd prostrate befure Uod have you not' oiiiid you cannot , . pray — for vourseli'r ""-in But i hen hoiv children your' tinis. lioiv you take ' ' your ciiilaren ' ' in How you take your neighbours - be- t ore God. lluw yuu single out tills man | r Unit, a stranger, to crimmend to the 1 ercy oi" the Hisrlicst. Then, uerhaj.s, as i ou ri6e froja yc-ur knee;, voii sav, "Dear n y? e ' 1 , have u *™"e°«en lo pniy for myself:" ? tlie answer comes into your siul in J intercession for you, aud while you j n\\- in i"" ^i^, 1 " 1 " somebody V"^™" 851 to Mt J " on u » beto ** H yl ^f i ^ « • - f\£LiL te Smgal £ r "?, irf 'than']- for MSf : > « Hf 1 i '^' ? 1 ari y tfianij, !or Aeiu? fclual tne, s Christians give thanks for their perhaEk ecutors s and fchaU murderers? w How is it? (Jive - e e iv r fo m ? ^ men, i ? I, 1 ?^ n?aI 'god tlKit in^y upset the A eace of Europe aud bring misery upon! , l ° U£andSr ShaU ™ "^.J^J^it , i -.j. — . , , . ,— — , | xpends ii is hand of help and mercy to; hem ii they will receive it. The Lord a ives thanks for us or rather He thanks'p od on our benaif—for mo<=t of us, 1 am , lram, are none of us th^nhiul as we j d ught to be. Vi e are, therefore, to go into , n i^ is presence nrwflti^p praying nrarmor for- all til men -,1-nl, wilk'interession and with thanksgiving, too—for all n _ en, for kings, for princes, for rulers, for ll that are in high places. Why, you will ay, why do you pray for these? Because hey need your prayers, and because you -j .!,„,. -i,.. „ J ne e i, 'i JT -T~j" •' Z~ - ake , d J their . lat lives should a blessing be so to guided you, that as you to ? ay be able to lead quiet and peaceaBle ives in all gravity and godliness, and not erely fot those in authority, but for for the child™?Tor theyou^ S eople, for the aged, for all men. Oh, what a wonderful place is the hurch. A man comes in having goodly pparel; we are not to say, "Sit thou here,'" nd to a man in poor raiment we are not o say, "Sit thou yonder. ' to the h^use of od all nations meet. The Church is 1 osmopolitan, the Church brings humanity ogether. It represents not a race, not k ribe, nor a section, nor a class, nor black. or white; it reprient's Man, Alan, Man! n Westminster Abbey there is an altar alled the Altar of Toleration. It firstt arked the place where Edward VI. was h uried. - - - - - - - - t nd Dean Stanley observed the communion ervice at that altar at the time of the reision of the Bible when the revisers, reresenting nearly even' denomination in hristendom received the sacred elements t his hand. In that altar vou will find a I iece of stone that was brought from Abvs-1 inia, also another portion brought from | he Christian Church in Damascus, where' ertain Christians were massacred, and also little bit from Canterbury Cathedral rom the high altar. These are part now f the Altar of Toleration. There is your byssinia, there is your Greet there is our early British, there is the effort of our moderns in restoring it. It represents ll, and around that common altar we meet o worship God. The Altar of Toleration! very Church ought to have an altar of oleration. When we meet we meet only s men and women; your creed makes no ifference, your scheme of theology no diference. We are here as human beings eeding succour from God, and before God e humble ourselves. Prayer and giving of hanks 1'cr all men. for those who are in igh places, and those who are in low laces as well. There is a word now employed that was mported from France. We do not like the ord because it is connected with Comunism; but still the word expresses much that word is "solidarity." It does not ean brotherhood. Brotherhood means real affection going out between men; but solidarity means an absolute and actual nd visible relationship existing between en whether they realize it or not, whether hey love one another, or hate one another, t makes no difference. No man can do rong without injuring somebody. Dr. ohnson ejaculated, "If only a villain could nly be a villain to himself!" but he cannot e. We are all wrapped up together—not only individuals, but Churches; not only Churches, but nations. England cannot suffer without America feeling it; the United States cannot suffer without Great Britain feeling it. Even the humblest nation cannot be wronged without that ™»ig he world working — just like as an cholera, epidemic occurring through through mismanagement in the East, over England or America, though countries may have had nothing to with ihe mismanagement. That if> one c-ason why we have a right to interfere one another. You cannot sin to yourelf alone. A man cannot injure himself by troDg drink without injuring his family. A fin cannot set fire to his own house without endangering the houses of his neighbours. Now for Paul's philosophy — pray for ings and all in authority; for all, beause your interests mingle, they dovetail, they flow like the waves of the sea together, you cannot separate them. which touches the king will touch he peasant by-an<i-tiy. _ The wrong le!t by the peasant in the Wood of Senart. a*s escribed by Carlyle, will touch Louis XVI. day. When, all royally caparisoned for hunting, he mat a ragged peasant with coffin he said, 'Tor whom?" It was for a poor brother slave whom His Majesty had sometimes noticed slaving in those "What did he die of?" "Oi hunger." The king gave his steed the spur. Did he escape? That peasant, rotting in his grave from starvation, preared the guillotine for Louis XVI. That s what the Apostle means when he says we are to prav for all men—for preachers, for lawyers, for kings, for the poorest, and weakest, and humblest. Then the Apostle tells us how we are to do it. "I 'will, therefore, that men pray everywhere, lifting up holy hands." We see in symbolic services that the minister, will lift up his hands. I do not myself believe that the direction has referente to anything physical, to the real act of lifting up our hands; but the thought underlying the expression is this— lilting up pure hands. When you lift up your hands people can see whether they are clean or not. "Who shall ascend unto the - , hill » of the « Lord, or who shal stand in His liolv -rr' j. i i —;— " L — J "i - - Ins _. = holy • place? i lie tnat nath clean hands and a pure heart, who hath not lifted up his foul unto vanity nor sworn deceitfully, That the idea. The point is. you go and »rav for somebody else—but 'do not the ext moment seize him by the throat. You pray that God will take care of the ragged children-don't turn them into the street the moment lifter your prayer Let there be consistency _ Of course, there «s some- ® *«<» ua v , « ~ ^ n , ^ ™ fjf- to htt "" T" » iands Th - e - V ^ r* Up - Sgmfi^ tile oul s aspiration. On the coins of Coustantine die worshipper is represented with hands uplifted Rh^ refeknST so t is interpreted , to the crucified Christ, rho^ hands were uplifted. I have thought perhaps it might bet solution of he.^ of.&ech; to remind w Many imagine they thould pray for something to be granted fter thev die: and so on their knees they ray that God will take care of them and bring them at last to heaven; but when in ifhcultv or trial they rather think it would ot be right to press upon God their real . i . • , eetls. let you are reminded in the Bible that the body is the temple of the Holy Ghost; and are you not warranted in believing that God Himself is caring for our material conditions? So ought we not to P ra > that our environment may be conduiv t to our well-being, for the 4vironment iuiF a great deal to do with a man's life. This mbrm'ng I argued that the Church or religion was a great advancing power that 1 6 ** , true ; but > M ^ W." a atm ^ with the suc- in a measure, ^PP^ess dependent of the upon Church. our Wearer environwro ^ ** n U S f - ^ / 0 , be " fc children, a tender-hearted husbandfe®-r thu?88 i ^^^t ^ —i beautiM, ^ 1 ,v,Bel >', ueed fiey mimster to the fP" 1^1 and to the immortal '. fcdn | ;s ?- 1 - Therefore do not despise *f lr,pora T 1 things; do not look down upon '? e t m 1 ' c ? u i d glve many uutan ® e8 fr01 lKt0 I ? 7 and from - T awn personal expensee if He does not answer prayer. In a sermon I preached once on prayer, I had spoken of two men converted under ihe influence of the venerable evangelist, Mr. who bad prayed them into the t,on '^mgdom. t It appears that in the congrega- '-'' re '"" af i n > a man who did not believe religion at all, but who simply went to Church to please his wife; he was then attracted towards a minister in New Yorkj but was profoundly convinced that I had •iiad.e up the Airy about prayer, and he would like to know my authority for it. Tlie minister wrote to me, saying he felt sure it would do the man good to know full particulars. I said to myself, "Oh, that will be perfectly simple," and put the letter by to take its turn with the rest of Hie letters to be answered. "Now," said T, when it came up again, "where did I hear or read that story? I turned over files of .newspapers, and book after book, without success: I wrote to Mr. Moody, and the reply came that so many wonderful things had happened in the course of his ministry that he could not remember that specific case So there seemed nothing left tor me to do except to write to the minister and Tty I knew I was telling the truth, but I could not give my authority. You can imagine the impression that would make upon a sceptical man. I thereupon sat down and wrote the humblest letter. Suddenly I thought, "You are a nice one to preach about prayer, and you have not once prayed to God to help you." I had not been two minutes on my knees when a sort of inspiration came to me to more towards the bookcase and to put my hand.,upon a certain book. I took it flown and opened •t. It was by Joseph Cook, on "Orthodoxy;" there, on a page turned down, was the whole incident in print, and if you wish to read it for yourself you will find it as 1 hod told it originally in the pulpit. Thereupon I wrote a postscript to my letter, "Tc-ll your sceptical friend that while two answers to prayer might not convince him a third answer should certainly pour light into his soul, for, I added, "God had directly answered that prayer." Po, beloved, carry into* temporal matters the spint of prayer. But in doing that renember that likewise for holiness, for grace, ?.nd for all spiritual blessings, we are to pray. From my own experience I am as- «ui'ed that the CKurch is only strong in that •t prays. More things are decided by prayer than in the council chambers of your deacons, more wonders are wrought by prayer than by magnificent pulpit discourses. Prayer! that is the power that conuectp the Church with eternity. That is what society wants to know—not whether you have a beautiful choir, a magnificent temple, an eloquent pastor, but whether there is reality in your religion, and reality iu religion is proved by your prayer at the. J'hione of Grace, May 1 not urge you to realise this? All around you are sceptics, everywhere are men incredulous. They say, if there is a God He has cast . ofi the "earth, to rare for itself; if there is a God He has abdicated in the name of law, and allowed lav.' to rule; there is no sunernatural. superhuman power; that there js only in the Church tnat which men may make it, or the. congregation make it, and all else is fantastic and imaginary. If, then, you would convert London, convert yourselves first of all, and realize the power of prayer. As prayer is honoured, the truth will be honoured from the preacher's lips, and conviction will surge through the masses of mankind, and ultimately every human being will be brought to bow before the Throne, and to acknowledge Him our Christ who is Lord for evermore. 