LITERATURE. BOOKS AND PUBLISHERS. ANGUS AND ROBERTSON, SYDNEY. From this firm there is always something, not merely new, but of interest, by way of fact or fancy. This time we have to call attention to a couple of books dealing with the practical, and worthy of special note. On the principle of place aux dames we give first place to Mrs. Wicken's ex- cellent "Kingswood Cookery Book," which ap- pears in a new revised and enlarged edition, with new matter, and certainly a book which deserves the attention of those wise women who before now have discovered the royal road to a man's heart to be via his stomach. All sorts of dishes, hitherto the despair of anybody but a haughty French chef, are here made easy as ABC, and what more can we say ? Perhaps the more intellectually inclined may feel anything but pleased at our giving a second place to the "Geography of N.S.W.," by J. M. Taylor, M.A., LL.B., which, with its capital illustrations, maps, and diagrams, is not unworthy either of the author, the publishers, or the province of which it treats. Unlike most "geographies," this book deals in up-to-date fashion, not merely with the physical aspect of geography, but with the human, and must therefore commend itself to all who study geography from every point. The descriptive matter is both accurate and interesting, and it says something for public education in N.S. W. that it has been selec- ted for use by the Department of Public Instruc- tion. In every respect the book is well worth the 2s 6 d charged for it. Angus and Robertson announce as ready this week their Special Edition (Price, 8s 6d ; post free, 9s 6d) of "Forty-one Years- in India," by Field Marshal Lord Roberts. This edition will contain, in readable type, the whole of the text and appen- dices which are comprised in the 36s edition, and will likewise include all the Maps and Illustrations A CHANCE FOR BOOKMEN. Messrs. Angus and Robertson are now holding their Annual Clearing Sale. Books arranged on Is, Is 6d, 2s 6d, 3s 6d, and 5s counters are well worth inspection. A discount of twopence in the shilling will be given off second-hand books on the shelves of the following departments : — Theology, Philo- sophy, History, Biography, Science, Dictionaries, Travel, Science, Poetry, and Miscellaneous, The sale will close on the 24th instant. CATHOLIC TRUTH SOCIETY. In a century which has produced such world known works as Cardinal Gibbon's "Faith of Our Fathers" and Cardinal Newman's "Apologia" no literary influence has exercised a wider and more beneficent sway than that of the Catholic Truth Society. That body, by the employment of excep- tional literary talent, has made anyone with reason- able pretensions to intellectual independence ashamed to quote against the Catholic Church such historical incidents as the Gunpowder Plot or St. Bartholomew's Day et hoc genus omne. From this ex- cellent society we have just received their latest budget of unpretentious, but controversially in- fluential pamphlets. Without anticipating the satisfaction of readers, we may simply say that they deal with a very up-to-date subject in a prac- tically Catholic way. They comprise six lectures on "Ghosts" by the Rev. P. C. Yorke, who divides his subject as follows — and each of the series is well worth reading and digesting :— 1. '"On Ghosts in General." 2. "The Gunpowder Ghost." 3. "The Tall Bally Ghost." 4. "The Gordon Ghost." 5. "The Ghost of a Name." 6. "Our Own Ghost." Our advice to Freeman readers : Read them all. BENZIGER. BROTHERS, AMERICA. This prolific firm of Catholic publishers sends us a very large budget of books, either devotional or fanciful, but all tending to instruction in that Ca- tholic habit of thought and practice which excites the admiration even of religiously hostile sects when consistently carried out. Perhaps it would be well to deal with the juvenile fictional element first. This includes quite a catalogue in itself, which should engage the attention of parents and teachers, if it does not by this means that of juveniles them- selves. "Pickle and Pepper," by Ellen Loraine Dorsey, is a book which, if brought under the notice of Catholic boy and girl, cannot fail to interest them. (Price 85 cents— 3s 6d.) Another capital book is "The Prodigal Daughter and Other Tales," by Lelia Hardin Bugg, stories brimful of human interest. (Price 1 dollar.) Still another is "The Romance of a Playwright," translated from the French of De Bornier by Mary M'Mahon, at the same price. "The World Well Lost," by Esther Robertson (75 cents), is one of those stories to which Catholic girls are sure to become attached, it is so simple and yet so elevated in character. In devotional and contemplative literature the same firm forward us the. following works, which are highly commended to the notice of Freeman readers :— " The People's Mission Book" by a Missionary Priest; "Sister Anne Katharine Em merich." (Augustinian), by Father Wegenen, O.S.A., and translated by Father F, X. M'Gowan, O.S.A. (1 dol. 50 cents); "How to Comfort the Sick," by Rev. J. A. Krebs, C.SS.R. (1 dol.) ; "Meditation on the Seven Words of Our Lord on the Cross," by Father Charles Perraud, with an in- troduction by Cardinal Perraud (50 cents) ; and "The Month of Our Lady," translated from the Italian of Father Ferran by the Rev. Dr. Mullany (75 cents), which we regret did not reach Australia in time for the Month of May Devotions. [In connection with Messrs. Benziger's works we may observe for the information of readers that Messrs. Louis Gille and Co, are the Sydney agents, —Ed.] " AVE MARIA," NOTRE DAME. By way of controversial literature worthy of at- tention, Ave Maria gives us "Mariolatry : New Phases of an Old Fallacy," by the Rev. H. G. Gauss (price 25 cents). This is a reprint of excep- tional merit, which will repay perusal and study in a country like this, where at any time a Catholic may be called upon for evidence of the faith that is in him. MONTHLY MAGAZINES. The Austral Light is as usual,., quite what a Catholic magazine should be— well written and up to date in every proper sense. At the same time, it is apparent from an appeal for support in the, cur- rent issue that the proper amount of practical sup- port is not extended by the people from whom it should come— Catholics. This is a positive reproach, which, we hope to see removed. 