BISHOP'S HOME MISSION SOCIETY. THE ANNUAL MEETING. WORK OF THE SOCIETY. The annual meeting- of the Bishop's Home Mission Society was held at the Town Hall on Thursday evening. There was a crowded at tendance, and the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Harmer) presided. There were also on the platform the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Goe), the Minister of Education (Hon. E, Butler), and the Dean of Ballarat (Rev. N. Lindon Parkyn). His Excellency the Governor, ac companied by Lady Victoria Buxton, Mrs. Goe, Miss and Miss M. Buxton, and Mr. Charles Buxton were present, as were also the Chief Justice and Mrs. Way and Mrs. Harmer. The annual report of the organising chaplain stated inter alia:—"'The financial operations of the year commenced with a credit balance of £107 14s. lid., and ended with a deficit of £29 9s. 8d. The society has great reason to be thankful that during the trying time of drought, now we trust happily passed by, no clergyman has had to be removed from his post, nor has any mission been abandoned, but the resources of the society have been strained to their very utmost, and the mission clergy in the outlying districts have been in great straits through the failure of local contributions. Annual sub scriptions amount to \£225. In 1S96 they were £240. Donations for the year are:— General, £128; special (Etona fund), £37; total, £165, as compared with £215 last year. Annual collections, £302; last year, £291. The capital loan fund is £3,217: the interest for tho year received was £147, which is carried to income account (particulars of loan3 made and repaid will be found on pp. 36 and 30). The total re payment of loans was £670. The Rev. T. Ward's connection with the society as mis sionary and supply chaplain will terminate with the month of April. Mr. Ward has ever been ready to undertake and has cheerfully and punctiliously carried out the varied duties which fell to him. Rev. F. W. Wilkinson, of the Great IN'orthern Mission, has worked on untiringly and un ceasingly during the drought in the Far North. His work amongst the few remaining and scattered settlers, and more especially amongst the railway employes, has been and is much appreciated by them, and is bearing fruit. It is to be hoped that he will be able to continue his work for another year. Rev. W. J. Bushell, of the Murray River Mission, in spite of drawbacks in the shape of drought and lowuess of water in the Murray (which compelled him for some time to carry on his work by land) has been able to keep up his accustomed visi tations. It is much to be desired that a second priest should be placed at Murra}' Bridge to take charge of the lower Murray. This would set the launch free for work on the upper river only, and would save some thou sands of miles of steaming during the year. During the year the boiler of the launch Etona gave way entirely, and has been replaced by a new one at a cost of £87. Towards this the bishop has ad vanced the sum of £40 collected by him in England, private subscriptions amount to £25, but the balance is still unprovided for. It is greatly to be desired that the present launch should be replaced by a paddle- boat of less draft, which would not be subject to delay for want of sufficient water, but this would involve a further outlay of about £200. During the past year up to the time of his ordination Mr- F. H. King was working in the missions at Enfield and Islington. Mr. Hitchcox was appointed cateehist at Franklin Harbor on the removal of Rev. A. S. Dendy to Fort Germein, and Rev. W. Cook, who is in charge of the missson, speaks highly of his work. Since then Mr. A. Webb has been placed to work under the Rev. J. G. Pitcher, and Mr. Hall to take the post formerly occupied by Rev. F. H King. Kangaroo Island has been placed under the charge of Canon Samwell, who will work it from the Port with the assistance of an additional curate. In consequence of the resignation of Rev. A. K. Chignell, late assistant- curate of St. George's, Gawler—who has gone to England on leave—it has been found necessary to afford the rector clerical assistance in carrying on the Gawler South and Barossa gold fields mission. Streaky Bay is the only mission station at present unoccupied, but it is hoped that a resident cateehist will shortly be appointed to succeed Rev. F. R. Morze, who has accepted the assistant - curacy of All Saints', Hindmarsh. A very convenient iron Mission Hall has been erected at Keswick, and is doing an important work is this rapidly increasing neighborhood. It will be found necessary in the near future to afford Rev. J. G. Pitcher extra clerical help. A new church has been erected and opened at Goyder, near Balaklava, in the mission carried on by Rev. T. Worthington. A new stone church has replaced the old wooden building at Stansbury. The reports of the mission clergy in the agri cultural areas refer to the fact of so many families leaving their respective neighbor hoods. In the northern and Gawler Range districts many of what were once prosperous sheep runs are only occupied by a caretaker. Under these circumstances the executive will shortly be called upon to face a very grave question, that is, the support of the mission clergy. The object of the B.H.M.S. in forming new parishes is to assist the missions in their early stages until they become strong enough to support themselves, and then to carry their assistance elsewhere; with this object in view it was intended to reduce the society's grants year by year. In consequence chiefly of bad seasons it has been found impos sible to carry this out, but it was hoped that a return of favorable seasons would enable the executive to do so. There seems little hope now, with a diminishing population, that, the country missions will, many of them become self-supporting. It seems to me, therefore, that in the near future many of the missions which we had hoped to firmly establish as parishes will revert to the missionary stage, and in my opinion the districts should be made larger and be worked by two or three unmarried clergy living together, who would travel over and round their mission district. Two un married clergy living together would be at little expense as compared with a clergyman with a wife and family. My successor as organising chaplain is entirely with me, and above all we have had the test of practical ex perience in the south-east, which was worked successfully by the Iievs. Teape andLumsdon. I would also point out that this year for the first timo, I think, every station is or will be occupied, that the strain upon the funds of the society has never yet been so great, there being no unexpended votes to lessen the ex penses as estimated at the commencement of the year. It will only be by the exercise of the greatest economy, or by largely increased contributions to the funds, that the executive will escape a considerable deficiency at the end of the financial year. Prom April 1, 189S, the Rev. L. P. Crawfurd will take up the work of organising chaplain assisted by Rev. Lewis Headlam as missionary chaplain. The united income of the two chaplains will be £350, of which St. Peter's Cathedral will contribute £50 for a fortnightly service. The society is to bo congratulated on securing the whole j services of two priests (with the exception of j the fortnightly service just mentioned) for aj slight additional sum of £15, their incomes i beiDg made up of £150 paid to the present missionary chaplain, £50 to the present organising chaplain, and a saving of £S5, amount of grant hitherto made to North Y.P., which will be worked by the chaplains —the whole cost to the society for both organising and missionary chaplains being £300. Perhaps in this connection I may be allowed, considering the many years X have taken part in the working of B.H.M.S., to make a divergence from the mere formal report so as to express the extreme satisfaction I feel at the appointment of a like-minded man to my dear friend, B. C. Stephenson, as his successor. Mr. Crawfurd and his coadjutor bring to the work a hearty zeal and enthusiasm, and I feel sure their spiritual influence will, under God's blessing, have a widespreading effect, and that their labors will tend to the increased prosperity of the society, as well temporally as spiritually." The report of the Bishop's Home Mission Penny Assoei tion stated :—"The committee regret that they cannot report quite so favor ably of the work done by the association during the past year as they could wish. The amount collected during the year has not been as large as in some former years, but nevertheless a fair total has been realised. We believe the falling off is not due to any lack of interest on the part of our workers, but rather to the bad season, and to an unavoidable interruption in the progress of the work during the year. We desire to thank all those who have again helped us as tellers and collectors. We ask for a continuance of this help, and we should be very glad to know of some recruits to our ranks, which are each year needed to fill the places of some who cannot for various reasons continue to collect. The resignation during the year of the late organising chaplain—the Ven. Archdeacon Morse—reminds us of the deep obligation we are under to him for the kindly interest he has always shown, and the warm support he has ever given us in our work. We hereby tender him our hearty thanks for what he has done to help and encourage us during the time he has been president of our committee. We also welcome bis successor, the Rev. L. P. Craw furd, whose much valued assistance in the past leads us to expect from him, now that he has become organising chaplain, still more help in tho future, and we hope the Penny Association will still continue to give him that financial support, in carrying on the work of the Bishop's Home Mission Society, which it has been giving his predecessors for the past 12 years." The Bishop, who was received with applause, said they had an exceedingly strong platform. The speakers had been well chosen, and he thought they might congratulate themselves on that fact. Two were distinguished ecclesiastics, visitors from other dioceses, who came to show their sympathy with the work, and to give them their assistance, and the two lay men were distinguished residents of the colony who were able to speak of the difficulties which beset the Church in spreading the message throughout the wide and unsettled parts of South Australia. Three years ago, when he landed a stranger in the colony, the Dean of Ballarat kindly came to Adelaido to support him at the first meeting of the society over which he presided. The Dean of Bal larat on that occasion was Dean Stretch, who, although he had not gone over to Rome had gone to Roma, which was his scat as bishop - coadjutor to the Bishop of Brisbane. They welcomed Dean Parkyn, and he had, claims upon them, for he came in spite of the doctor's orders, so that he understood the sanctity of an engagement. (Hear, hear.) The Bishop of Melbourne needed no welcome. They all knew him and loved him, and they welcomed him in having been able to sustain the Church in Australia when so many of his more skittish brethern were tempering the serious duties of the work of the Lambeth Convention with a little recreation in Eng land. (Laughter.) Mr. E. G. Blackmore had done yeoman work for the Church in the colony, and in the Minister of Education they bad a lay-reader and a prominent member of the Synod, and they rejoiced to have two such representatives on the platform of the Diocese of Adelaide. The colony had passed through years of depression, during which tiige the number of marriages had come down to a lower limit in South Australia than in any other period during the past 21 years. It must indeed be a haunting depression which would prevent young couples from join ing in the bliss of union. (Laughter.) They had, however, got to the bottom of the depression, and looked with confidence to years of plenty. (Hear, hear.) But despite the depression he was glad to be able to say that not one single post of the many posts the Bishop's Home Mission Society held had been relinquished in the diocese. (Hear, hear.) Nay, rather during the last 12 months there had been a distinct advance. He had blushed 12 months ago when his Excellency the Governor, just returned from a trip to Oodnadatta, told them that there was not a place of worship there, but he was glad to be able to say that they had wiped away that terrible blot on their Christianity. The mission priest in the north now went to that distant town four times a year. (Hear, hear.) Kangaroo Island had been placed under the care of Port Adelaide, with the result that it now had more constant services and more effective administration. New churches had been erected in various parts and other build ings were in course of erection. (Hear, hear.) At the present moment 42 out of 82 licensed clergymen of the diocese weresupported by this society, in addition to the catechists, and it was not too much to say that without its help they could not be supported. Since its foundation the society had assisted, by way of loan, in the building of (i.'i churches. Its income was under £2,250 a year, of which £1,000 was contributed Ly the attorneys of the S.P.G. This society was absolutely essential to church extension, and it needed increased support to enable existing agencies to be kept up. Without this society they would not be able to carry on the work they were doing. They needed development, and they looked to the people to help them to increase their numbers and the means of grace. As he went up and down the large diocese he was struck with the large area which was covered by a single minister. The incumbent of Kapunda travelled (10 miles to hold five services Easter days. Then there was the River Murraj*. During the past year the work of this mission continued to grow quietly. In addition to the stations already ministered to services had been begun at Pellaring Elat, seven miles above Mannum, and at Mt. Mary, 15 miles inland from Morgan, the railway-line. Last April he visited the portion of the Murray between Murray Bridge and Morgan, when he con firmed 20 candidates. In September the mis sioner was able to visit the sheep-stations around Lakes Alexandrina and Albert while shearing was going on, and conducted services with the men, who appeared much inte rested. Regular visits had also been made to Point Macleay Aboriginal Mission Station. The Rev. W. .T. Bussel), the missioner on the Murray, told him that he covered 900 miles every six weeks, and he had 30 centres where services were held. A kind anonymous donor had given £200 for a new steamer to take the place of the Etoua, and had in addition guaranteed the stipend of another missioner to help the Rev. Sir. Bussell. (Cheers.) As he went through the diocese of Adelaide and saw the clergymen and the noble way they did their work and set themselves to carry out the high ideals they set before them, he felt more and more how unworthy he was to be at the head of such a hard-working body. He honestly said that he would not change the clergy of the diocese of Adelaide for any set of clergymen in any part of Christendom. (Hear, hear.) He looked to the members of the church to do their part in aiding to carry out the great work in which they were engaged. (Hear, hear.) The Bishop of Melbourne, who was received with cheers, said it was now some 10 years since he landed in Adelaide from England, and being a bad sailor he arrived the ghost of his former self. He was told that it was no use presenting himself in Melbourne unless in a more salubrious condition, so he stayed for a few days in Adelaide, and he was then able to present himself in such a condition as to per form the work he had been called upon to do. (Hear, hear.) Some years ago a clergyman in New Zealand, he thought it was, wrote a novel "The Decline and Fall of the British Empire." (Laughter.) They were asked to transfer themselves to a period 1,000 years in advance of the present day. At thai time Australia had become the undisputed head of the Empire. Great Britain had fallen into decay. There had been a terrible battle between capital and labor, and the whole community was in con fusion. The gulf stream had shifted itself 10 deg., and had reduced England to Arctic regions. Some people arrived at what was at one time the City of London, and they, a party of visitors from Australia, found that the place was full of barbarians. Excitement ran high when at last the site of Westminster Abbey had been distinguished. The cold was so intense that the visitors heard the sounds of packs of wolves everywhere, and everything was found in a state of decrepitude and semi-barharism. The friends returned re joicing in the privileges they enjoyed in the great land they inhabited — Australia. (Laughter and hear, hear.) Even if it should be the case it would be bard to realise. However, they had known in the past that great empires had fallen. Even if that should be, he doubted not that one day, in the then ancient history, would stand out con spicuous and would bo recollected with enthusiasm and pleasure—that was St. Peter's Day, 1817, when four bishops were consecrated in Westminster Abbey, and became the firs! bishops of Cape Town, Newcastle, Adelaide^ and Melbourne. When he stood on the Ade laide platform he was delighted to think of the connection between the.Diocese of Adelaide and Melbourne because the bishops were consecrated on the same day of the same year. It was pleasing for him to stand side by side with the Bishop of Adelaide and do anything," however little, to encourage and support him in the great work the Bishop's Home Mission Society intended to do. The cause which they had met in such large numbers to promote was no other than to maintain and extend the work of God through" out this large diocese by providing clergy ^in new centres and in poor localities by obtain ing sites for church buildings and aiding^ in their erection by grants or loans, and helping to provide additional curates. Vice and mre ligion met them on all sides. What .plan could be devised more suited to grapple with those evils than that which the Bishop's Home Mission Society proposed ? He touched on the noble, self- sacrificing, self-deny ing work of the clergy. He noticed—and that was one cause for very great anxiety—how the different reports of the mission clergy in the agricultural area3 referred to the fact of so manv families leaving their respective neigh borhoods. The report went on to say—" Under these circumstances it seems to me that the executive will shortly be called upon to face a very grave question, and that ia the support of the mission clergy." But tuey were not going to leave that to the executive alone. No; theyavould all take up that ques tion, and face it boldly and practically—(hear, hear)—until it was satisfactorily adjusted. The organising chaplain, from whose report he had quoted, thought he had got to the bottom of the difficulty, but he had—remembering his experience in Melbourne—his doubts. He said " Amen" to the organising chaplain's suggestion for grappling with the difficulty, but when he read it he thought of the recipe for cooking a hare. It commenced with " first catch your hare." _ (Laughter.) Now, hi3 difficulty in Victoria was to catch an un married clergyman. (Laughter.) He had heard the chairman say that the marriage rate had declined in South Australia, but he did not say whether it applied to tho clergy. In his own diocese the unmarried clergyman was difficult to find, but if they could find clergymen willing to forego the blessings of married life and to give themselves up to this work for four years it w*ould be the best way of overcoming the difficulty, and they would be able to club three or four together. If they did that they might find that they were willing to spend the rest of their lives living together. (Laughter.) In considering the noble aims of the . society he asked them to remember how often families were dis persed throughout a diocese like this. A family in Adelaide parted with a son or brother, who went to some small place in the bush to get his living as a miner, an agri cultural laborer, a storekeeper. Now, if they loved the church of their fathers, and the holy truths which she taught, and the sacraments she administered, they could nob fail to desire that such an one should continue to enjoy the ministrations in which he was brought up, and which he had learned to love. But there were many country dis tricts in which these blessings could only be secured by the help of the, JBishop's Home Mission Society. Most of them were more or less powerfully influenced by the associations of early life. The very sound of hymns, and tunes, and prayers heard and learnt in child hood was like a benediction coming down upon them from fathers and mothers now in Paradise. Who that had constantly heard the inimitable rhythm of their marvellous litany could fail to recognise its power? In propor tion as they had learned the value of their own souls aud the means of grace they should desire to put them within the reach of others. They had assembled from various parishes, from parishes differently circumstanced—some comparatively wealthy, some poor, some abounding in pleasant villas, and charm ing gardens, others in busy streets, shops, and offices; others again in nar row lanes and shabby tenements. What brought them all together ou that occasion? The consciousness that "union is strength," . and that great gatherings like the present were calculated to manifest and promote that unity. Their bebved bishop had recently re turned from England after having stood side by side with Anglican bishops from alL parts of the British Empire on the Kentish shore near the very spot where" Augustine, the first Archbishop of Canterbury, landed 13 centuries ago. He had mentioned this because he wanted them to recognise what a noble corporation the Church of England was, and how many centuries it had lived, and at the close of the 11) th century what a mighty power it had of laying hold of them. (Hear, hear.) He moved—" That the members of the Church in this diocese, recognising the spiritual claims of the mission districts, pledge themselves to give to the Bishop's Home Mission Society their practical and loyal support." Mr. E. G. Blackmore seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The Dean of Ballarat moved—"That this meeting expresses its thankfulness to Almighty God for the work which the society has been enabled to accomplish in the past; and asks for the prayers of all loyal Churchmen for a continuance of God's blessing on its work in the future." He thanked the bishop for the kind welcome given him. His being late was not a question of unpunctuality, but was owing to illness. It seemed to him that the Home Mission Societv caused a bond of union be tween the churches of the town and the churches of the country, for they wanted to show sympathy for each other. They wanted the clergy and the people to be one in sympathy, and they wanted the body in the country to vibrate with the body in the city. It seemed to him that all things were related together because related to God. A chain was no stronger than its weakest link, so the Church was never stronger than its weakest point. A great many people did not realise how much they owed to God; they spoke as if they were the architect of their own fortunes instead of God. They had taken with so free a hand from the past, but ought they not to give as they received. All had abundant cause to give, but he would not tell them in what proportion they ought to give, because they could not lay down a hard and fast rule for giving. They went on spending money on the necessaries of life and other things, and they gave what was left to God, but unfortunately very little was left. That church, he said, which was not breaking new ground was making it3 own grave. He did not believe that the human heart was sceptical, but rose up in magnificent respon siveness to vitality when they saw it; if they had more spiritual life they would shine through modern spiritualism and modern materialism. (Hear, hear.) He exhorted tberq to work so that it might be said of the Church as of tlje Master, in Him was life, and the life was the light of man. (Hear, hear.) The Minister of Education, who was cordially received, said he did nod believe it was either true or just to say that theState was irreligious. Absolute religious equality was given to the people of the colony, with the result that there were a large number of religious bodies amongst them and the religious right3 of the whole of the bodies were equal. Therefore, it was impossible to legislate on any question which touched the domain of religion. He thought the multitude of denomi nations ^ was a serious drawback to Christianity in any State, but if the people would agree to one form of faith then they could compel the State to give effect to the views of the community, which after all'was the State. He seconded the motion, which was carried. The Chairman stated that the collection amounted to £59, which included a cheque for £25, kindly forwarded by Mr. It. Barr Smith, who was unable to be present. 