NOTES ON THE BATHUBST CONFERENCE, (THE NEW SOUTH WALES FARMERS' AND SETTLERS' ASSOCIATION. (Specially Contributed to the ' Expbess!'1) On Tuesday, in tbe B&Lhurst; Town Hall, members of tbe New Sooth Wales Farmers' and Settlers1 Associa tion commence tbe sittings of their annaal conference. These gatherings are beginning to be regarded as of national im- ? portance ; aod, although a good deal cf speculation exiets as to the wisdom of going so ftira«ay to bold tke great annual meeting,., it cannot be denied that tbe best of motives actuated tbe delegates who voted for the ?rpariment of periodical changes. To D?anT. indeed, the idpa of remnvina thn | deliberations of the conference to a district 1 to remote as JBatburst appears slapid and ill-advised. Riverina instituted ibe associa tion and fostered it for many years, and the most successful conferences were two of tbose held at Wagga. Viewing the matter from tbe most liberal standpoint, it would seem that the representative character of these assemblages ie more likely to be pre served wbrle a fixed {flaoe of meeting, with an active central committee to carry on tbe detail work, is selected than by adopting the policy ot boldiDg conferences in different towns each year. To illustrate the argument it is only neccssary to show the incooveni , ences likely to arise from such an expedient. | Outlying centres tl population timply read an account of the confcreice at Bathurst, and perhaps desirous of forming a branch | association they direct certain correspond* I enctf to 'The Secretary Fanners1 Confer ence, Uaihuret,' with the reBUlt, of cjurse, tbat np answer is received, bpcause there l happens to be no individual in Bathurst I answering tbe description of tbe postal* address just mentioned. The anxious en quirers then naturally conclude the secretary must be a very lame kind of individual i inderd, and tbe people ot , say, ' Wattle Flat,' decide to have nothing to do with the autocrats who cannot find time to answer an ordinary letter seeking most essential infor mation and advice. That kind of thing ie happening every day. Correspondence ; which should go to Temora i= I received at Wagga, or Cootamunc'ra, or Young, because conferences have been beld in each of these plaoes, and half of the I farming olass, far out of the reach of the | more populous towns, are at their wits end to know where U write for tbe neoessai j in : formation when desiroQB of forming a branch I association, if there were a fixed spot for | holding ati annual conference, with a resident secretary, it is impossible to estimate the success likely to be achieved by such a policy. It would be almost as logical to suppose that Parliament should eit alternately in the different centres of population as to argue tbat any likely benefit will accrne to the farmers by continneliy changing their annual meeting place. THE PLACE OF MEETING. Where then Bbould that meeting place be ? In Sydney, where the distinctive character* istice of tbe association would be entirely lost or obtruded upon by members of Patlia ment anxious to publish their views and gain cheap notoriety with the farmers ? In Bathurat, where no previous effort at amal gamation has been made, and where too« transit by rail is not nearly so favourab'e as in the case of townB along the main trunk line? Certainly not, bnt since the choice has been made, for this year at any rate, we shall not unduly criticise tbe expediency of delegates journeying so far back. Wagga undoubtedly is more central than Bathurst, and tbis fact is material to delegates when it is remeirbered that fo'ly bolf of them are likely to be found among those representing tbe southern districts. Besides, if the con ference were held annually at Wagga, there would be every assurance of success, while the experimental policy of changing about from place to place gives at tbe most, but the probability or success. A DANGER. Tbis is not, however, the worst danger threatening the future operations of tbe Farmers' and Settlers' Association. Tbe utility of meetiog onoe a year and debating serious questions for a few hours, and then allowing the matter to almost entirely escape the public notice for another twelve months, is likely to culminate in tbe worst conse quences, If resolutions are carried at a conference, where will the benefit of tbeai arise if they are not immediately brought under tbe notice of Parliament ? Last year many resolutions were adopted at the Wagga conference, but it was only the other day they were brought under the notice of Parlia ment. This may be due to tbe fact tbat tbe secretary has forgotten his doty. In all , probability he hae. The concerns of private business bave left him bat little timo to attend to t*ie duties of his office ; but euch an excuse hardly justifies bis conduct. If a man, holding a position of responsibility and trust, fail in it, from any cause whatever, be should immeditrly recognise that, by ol'ngiDgtosuchaposition against the expressed wishes of the public, he is not only doing b:mself barm, but actually injuring those whose interests 'depend1 upon bis activity, trustworthiness and general capability. At I tbe fame time, can it be expcclcd tbat any man will volunteer his services in a difficult work for no other recompense than the gratitude of those whom be assists? Certainly not. Here then is the chief difficulty before the fprmers, They must elect as secretary one who will not carry on the doty unless the honor ie accompanied with a moderate salary. THE WORK OF ORGANISING. Is tbe work of organising the fa ners ' worth continuing? From the success steady obtained it would Beem that it is. The present Land Bill, undnubted'y toe most liberal that has been introdooed ' »to the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, ? embodies not a few of the resolutions passed at the different conferences. Thon again substantial redress has been given, th-ou^h tbe instrumentality of tbe conferences, to special 'area selectors, who wltoout such assistance would bave been forced to actually abandon tbeir holdings. Reforms like these in the Land Acts of the colony a; once bespeak tbe power of the combination, and it would be the neatest of ell pities to see tbe association break up and disband just when its influence is becoming salutary. NEED FOR COMBINATION. Tbe need now for combination is as great as it was seven years a-jo wben tbe move ment, now popularly known as the New South Wa^s Farmers and Settlers' Associa tion, was instituted by Messrs Plunkett and Ryan at Mundawaddera. Then, struggling holders had many hardships to undergo. The special area difficulty had to be faced ; tbe question of unequal and iniquitous land values met intending Bettler6 at fcvery step. While tbe earlie' selectors enjoyed the dis tinct privilege of having the very cream of tbs country' in their possession, and at a price absurdly cheaper than in the case 01 their less fortunate ne?;bbouis who were obliged to take up and improve land which was, by tbe earlier men, n jarded as almost valueless; and they had to do that, regard less of tbe fact that a higher Crown value was plrced upon it thr~i tbat calculated upon much superior land. Such a strange and stupid anoma'y callcd fo/ the institution of some movement calculated to thoroughly ventilate the settlers' grievances. And these were precisely some of the reasons for insti tuting the Farmers' Association. To-day there exiets even strorger reasons for the continuation of the movement in question. We have now the homestead selection griev ance, for eucb it must be termed, since homestead selectors are fettered with innumerable difiicuUies from the very day they lodge their applica'ions. When successful at the ba?Joi they are obl:ged to pay extraordinary amounts for supposed improvements effecvetl on their holdings. In many instances these alleged improve ments are but creations of an overdrawn imagination. The residential clausc of the Act with regard to this class of settlement is also one invested with hardship and inoonvenience ; and the inconvenicnce arising from settlers' inability to raise even a few pounds to keep the wolf from the door while the land is being improved and, made pro* ductive, at once creotes a feeling, among business people at any rate, of distrust in the homestead selector . So that there ie st'.ll a wide field of usefulness before the association, under notice even so far as tbe principle, or ?feather experiment, of bomeBtead selections Is ooocerned. To make all tbeir grievances known, to check existing abuses, to redress past- ones, and to gradually place all tbe ! landed people of the colony on terma of a I reasonable equality, and in doing so to invite | tbe assistance of tbe presB, tbe greatest i vehicle cf publio thought, the honest co operation of Parliament — and apart from I petty party politics — is surely a laudable aim on the part of a national association ; asd surely it is one deserving of tbe unquali fied support cf every man in the community. THE INTERESTS OF FARMERS. But are tbe majority of farmersalivetotbeir own interests ? Iditnotafactthatwhilemany unite and assist the movement, thousands hold themselves aloof and can be urged to give assistance only wben tbe shoe pinches themselves? Unfortunately that seems to be the case. Many farmers, content iu having moderqfc-ly good homes themeelveB, piy no attentions to the wants of young Australians who have not the opportunities within their grasp which their fathers had, and elowly but surely succeeding generations must, if speedy co-operation iB not now made must suffer very considerably. Many, too, attribute unworthy motives to the best workers in the cauBe cf unity. Mr Ryan, the founder of tbe Associa tion, was accused ot u'terior motives, and just when dame rumor had it that be was about to seek parliamentary honors, he quietly resigned bis position of state school teacher at Henty and commenced to study for tbe legal profession. Tbe truth is, Mr Ryan is an enibusiast. He worked through tbe late hiurs of tbe night and often till 2 | o'clock in Ihe morning answering correspon dence, writing letters to the press, and generally adve; .ising the movement. His efforts, well meant, patriotic and unselfish, - met with an unqualified succes?. Tbe f ~e bt ands of society who occasionally rose up to tkrow cold water on hii spirited work, eoon discovered that ibeir opponent possessed ' sufficient grit to repudiate ali the cba'ges i which an ingenious interference could 1 prorogate. Happily the ghost of fhcjlism, , which thieatened to destroy the Association \ just when it was emerging into prominence, has now almost vanished. Champions of ' pa6t conferences, who were obliged to leave the ranki on account of the int oduction of patty p litic, rre equally rejoining the association, and amongst tbece it is pleasing to note tbat Mr F. Piukstone, of Coota- ; mundra, will b3 present at the Bathurst C^fcrence, be having been voluntarily elected as a delegate by the Coolae farmers. REFORM NECESS/ ^Y. In conclusion, it may be in keeping with our desire to see tbe association prosper, to point that a great deal of reform is necessary in drawing up tbe programmes for each conference. Too many questions appear to be introduced for one session. Tbe conse i quencc of this must be that debates will | be hutried, hasty conclusions arrived at, and I unsatisfactory votes recorded. It wou'd be better for the conference to confine itself to few practical questions, thrash tbem out thoroughly, and place their decisions before parliament, and then oblige each member for tbe particular district represented at the i conference to U6e his best enueavors to have the various resolutions embodied ii the statistics of tbe the colony. 