LftST NIGHT'S 'AMUSEMENTS : . Stage Gossip PALACE— M'At)OOrS JUBILEE SINGERS. ? It wafe only to be expected that the re appearance of Mr. Orpheus M. M'Adoo's Jtrbilee Singers and Virginia Concert Com pany, after an absence of nearly five years, should have attracted an overflowing aud ience 'to this pretty little house last night. Since the company was last here, it has concluded a tour of the world, and every v;here it has visited it has inet with the warmest approval. But it must readily be conceded that the success which it has at tained was fully deserved, for the members of . the company are thoroughly artistic and a pleasure to listen to. The programme submitted last night was sufficiently varied to suit all tastes. The first' part comprised Jilbiiee melodies and plantation songs as follows: — Jubilee chorus (a) 'Steal Away to J03U3'; (b) 'Ths Lord's Prayer,' Company; Jubilee Chorus. 'There's a Great Camp Meeting in the Promised Land,' Com pany; 'There'3 a Light on the Qpposite Shore,' Mr. Hodg:es; Jubilee Chorus, 'Hear Them- Bells,' -Company; Jubilee Chorus, 'Rollj Jordan, Roll,' Company ; song and choru3,' 'The Songs That I Love Best,' Miss Marshall Webb; Jubilee Chorus, 'Brother Michael Hand Down That Robe,' Coinpany; Ladies' Quartette, 'The Lost Chord' (special arrangement).. The second hialf consisted almost entirely of secular numbers. Amongst the items were: Vocal waltz, 'The Danube' (Strauss), Company; ten minutes fun with Mr. Jerry Mills; baritone solo, *' Song of the Toreador ' (Bizet), Mr. A. H. Hodges; tenor solo, 'Come Into tho Garden, Maud' (Balfe) Madame Mattie Allan M'Adoo; the Or pheus quartette, 'The Soldier's Farewell' (Kinkle) ; soprano solo, 'Queen of the Night ' (Tory), Miss Susie Anderson (America's 'Black Melba'); ten minutes entertainment ('The King of Jugglers'), Mr. Joe Jalvan; part song, 'One Song With Me' (Pardy), company. The items were all of such uniform excellence that it would be altogether unfair to individualise them; suffice it to say that in every in stance they were rapturously received and encored. Unfortunately, Mr. M'Adoo him self was unable to appear, as he is still in Melbourne suffering from the effects of the operation which he recently underwent. However, Mr. Hodges appeared as his sub stitute, and rendered an additional number. The season should be a most prosperous one. ' ? » -* ? TIVOLI— VARIETY COMPANY. The usual change of bill here last night served to allow Miss Peggy Pryde to make a welcome re-appearance. The talented comedienne was in fine form, and aroused the greatest enthusiasm in her new reper toire. Mons. Ajax, 'the flexible marvel,' repeated his opening turn with the same unbounded success that characterised his first appearance. The Sisters Phillips and the Brothers Lorenzi created a deal of fun with their pantomimic sketch, Cook's Birthday,' in which the. brothers were ex ceedingly grotesque. Miss Cora Caselli's high kicking was a conspicuous feature. Pope .and Sayles and the Brothers Bovis scored heavily ia their specialty- turns. Mr. Charles Fariing was responsible for an oxcruciatingly funny burlesque, entitled 'Sam-sdn.' This clever comedian appears to increase his popularity every week, anc deservedly sc-; for he is beyond a doubt one of the best laughter provoking artists the,. company ~lias had. Miss Niia Clarke. Miss Florrie Ranger, and many other favo rites also materially -assisted in making the entertainment a general success. # *? * » HER MAJESTY'S —'THE HARBOR LIGHTS.' Tho Knight- Ferrar Company made its final appearance here last night in 'The Harbor Lights.' The house was crowded iii all parts, and the production was re ceived with the greatest enthusiasm. The company. ieft for New Zealand immediately after the performance. The theatre will remain closed until to-morrow week, when the Xmas attraction, ''All Baba and the Forty Thieves,' will be staged, with Miss Fattio Browne as the principal boy. » » * 6 CRITERION— 'ROBBERY' UNDER ARMS.' , ' ' The success which has attended Mr- Al fred Dampier's production of 'Robbery Under Amis' has -indeed' been remarkable, for, notwithstanding it has been running for over a month, the welcome sign 'house full', is still nightly exhibited in front. Mr. Dampier's own dramatisation of Marcus Clarke's novel, 'For the Term of His Natural Life,' will be the succeed ing piece, the popular actor having made special arrangements by which the widow of the deceased author will benefit by its production. LYCEUM— 'HIS NATURAL LIFE.' The revival of Messrs. . MacMahon and Leitch's version of 'His Natural Life' has attracted vary fair houses since Wednes day night. It will run until a season of English opera will: be inaugurated on Sa turday night, with, 'Carmen.' ? \- '?» ' ALHAMBRA— 'FUN ON 'THE BRISTOL.' There was ? a fair attendance here last night, v/hen 'Fun on the -.Bristol' was re peated, with. Mr. T. Edmond' Leonard as the widow. 'A number of well-known ar tists appeared in the variety scene. A. special holiday -bill is to be presented on Boxing Day. ? * ?. ? ? ROYAL— 'WHEN : LONDON SLEEPS.' Mr. Charles llolloway, supported by a specially-selected company, will com mence a season on Saturday night with 'When London Sleeps,' for the first time hero. The piece wes highly spoken of by the Melbourne Press when it was staged in - the Southern capital r-ecently, and is said to possess some hovel features. * » ' *' # THE PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY. The concert of the Philharmonic Society at 'the Town Hall on Thursday night was of unusual interest, inasmuch as it pre sented the cantata, 'Psyche,' for the first time to its subscribers. The repre sentation was in every respect emi nently satisfactory, and the Society i3 to be 'heartily complimented upon its suc cess. The Society was assisted by Miss Hetty Holroyd, who sang magnificently iu tho lyric passages, Mr. Burns Walker, Miss Eva; Mylott, and other well- known favo rites. Signor H-azon conducted the orches tra with his customary tact and discretion, while Mr. G. Rivers Allpress was a tower of strength as the leader of the orchestra. The next performance will be given on Friday night, When 'Th$ Messiah' will be rendered. ? * » * OTHER SHOWS. Polytechnic. — The management of the Crown- Studios Cinematograph and Ront gon Ray Exhibition in King-street are submitting a first-class bill for the holi day season. Among the latest pictures, that of Fregoli, the quick change artist, is the oae upon which the greatest interest na turally centres. The artist is shown be fore an. audience, dnd also in his dressing room, making the changes, with his three dressers hard at work. In addition he also gives some of his marvellous imperson ations of celebrated musiclal composers. The other pictures which are well varied, include 'A Phantom Ride.,' 'Arrival of the Guards in Lcnddn after the battle of Om durman,' 'The order reversed in a reg istry . office,' 'the mesmerist,' . ' photo graphing a ghost,' 'Faiist and Mephisto ph-eles,' 'scenes from 'Cinderella' and 'The Corsican Brothers,' and 'Santa Claus,' ' the last- mentioned of which should become very popular among the young folk., The Ron- tgeii Ray, the Phonograph, &c.;, are also exhibited. Cyclorama: — The attractions offered by the management of this popular resort should attract large crowds during the holiday season. In fact, our country cou sins cannot consider their sights-seeing complete iihie-ss they pay it a visit. The picture of ancient Jerusalem, with its real istic storm effects and entertaining des criptive lectures by Manager Murray, is in itself well worth, the admission money. Added to this, however, there are the won derful attractions in : the. Hall of Illusions, which is now four times its former size, and thoroughly enjoyable musical pro grammes, including vocal and instrumental items, are submitted at intervals. * » ? ? Miss Peggy Pryde had a tremendous re ception on making her re-appearance at the Tivoli yesterday afternoon, and for se veral minutes she had to stand bowing her acknowledgments. Mr. Jules' Simdnsen is at the Tivoli, San Francisco. . ' The ICellinos are the attraction at the Now Palace, Hull, England. The Haytors were at the London, Shore ditch (Eng.) when the mail left. Mr. Slade Murray is at the Palace Thea tre of Varieties, Plymouth, England. The Selblnl6 and Tennyson and O'Gorman are at the Palace Theatre, Manchester. Mr. Guyton Heath is with Edward Terry's company on tour in the English provinces. Fitzgerald Brothers* Circus will com mence a Melbourne season on Wednesday night. The Leslie Brothers will conclude their season at ths Adelaide Bijou to-morrow night. Mr. Harry Conor is playing in Hoyt's 'A Stranger in New York'' on tour through the States. Mr. I-larry Cbgill's Variety Company was at, SI. Arnaud (Vic.) duii'ng tho week. Brisbane is 'theatrically described. , Mr. Brough will present 'Madame Sans Gene' at the Melbourne Bijou on Saturday night for the first time in, Australia Mr. Bland Holt's Christinas attraction at the Melbourne Royal vvili be 'New Baby lon.' It is announced for production next Saturday ijight' - . ; . Mr. Frank Macvicars will lekve for San Francisco by the Mariposa, and will re main in America foi- about twelve months prior to returning to London. Mons. Ajax. has £ little daughter only fifteen months old who performs most, of the tricks of the. average contortionist. The little lady has been a very extensive tra veller, for already she has covered over 26,000 miles. A;iax, 'the flexible marvel,' upon . the conclusion of his engagement with Mr. Harry Rickards, goes' to South Africi for eight weeks, after which he joins Hyde's comedians of, a .thirty-two weeks'- season in: America.: ... v / , Mrs. Brown-Potter's MiladI in 'The Three Musketeers,'' which Mr. Beerbohm Tree is producing at Her Majesty's, .is ai nsirat univfersilly conceded by the Ldiidbh critics to be the best work she Has so far done. 'The Stage,' howfevtr, . considers j she looks the part' better than she acts it. I The Comic Opera Company presented 'The Geisha' at thh Melbourne Princess' list night for the first 'time in Australia. The production was rendered the more interest ing, inasmuch as it allowed Miss Florence Perry, .a soprano from the London SavcV, to make her debut. Mr. William Paiili also made his first appearance after his lengthy indisposition.- '? . The Newbury- Sjsadar Company left for Melbourne duringj the week to give a, series of four 'pops' during the- holidays at the Exhibition Building.' . The . company, -will commence another'series ofSaturdky 'pops' here at the Town Hall on January 14,; and will remain vviih us for thi-ee months. Upon his return Mr. Newbury will give the bene fit concert ir-. aid of the (jueeh Victoria Consumptive Hospital, which he decided upon on the suggestion of a representathv of this paper. Insufficient time to tho- ] roughly work it up wj3 the reason it was not tendered before his departure. The fourth of the Venetian boat concerts by the Sydney Choral Society takes place ch Thursday next by boat leaving Circular Quay at 8 p.m. for Parramatta and Lane Cove Rivers, when the programme will In clude Christmas carols among other items. A couple of concerts will be given at Clifton Gardens this .afternoon and even ing. Mr. Thompson also promises special attractions for Boxing Day. Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs' 'Premier Waltz' is attaining a sale eclipsing all previous publications.*' 