THE ALLEGED SHAM BURIAL. A Sensational Story—The Fifth Duke of Portland—Conflidling Testimony—Owner of a Highgate vault in Australia. [Frcm our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, March IS. Last week I referred briefly to the extraordinary circumstances connected •with an application made by Mrs. Anna Druce to the Consistory Court presided over by Dr. Tristram, Chancellor of London, for a faculty authorizing the exhumation of a coffin, which when placed in a vault in the Highgate Cemetery was erroneously alleged to contain the mortal remains of one Thomas Charles Druce. The allegation was that no such remains were interred, but that in the cofiin had been placed a quantity of lead, the truth being that Druce lived for many years after his supposed death, ;md was in fact a disguised nobleman. As incidentally supporting the view that the coffin contained no corpse it was asserted that lead had actually been stripped from the roof of Druce's house just bei'ore the funeral, and that! when some years afterwards another interment took place in the vault the new cofiin, when ulaced on top of the one previously deposited, caused the iafcter tra collapse, thus proving that it was practically empty. This, on the faee of it, is very much of a cock-and- bull story, and, so far as the latter pari of it is concerned, it has been challenged by those in charge of the liighgate Cemetery, not only on account of its inherent improbability, but also because of its being contrary to i'act. That the statement did not. impress the Chancellor is pretty certain, but lie was struck by the circumstance that T. C". Druce's certilicatc o£ deatih was not signed by a medical man, and on thit ground he granted the application. After the newspapers had first reported the matter the public interest in it grew and grew, and under the stimulus ol' the publicity given morning, noon, and night to additional details of the roost astounding character it reached an almost inconceivable height. Evervbody has been talking about the affair, and as people in genera! love a mystery above all things there has been a strong disinclination to look the facts squarely in the face, lest this particular enigma' should be cleared up betove ever, it had run the tradifiional nine days course. As before explained, although only in the most concise and cursory way, the contention of Mrs. Anna Druce is that Mr. T. C. Druce, who was the father of her deceased husband, led a dual if not a still more complex life. As Druce lie was proprietor of Baker-street Bazaar, and resident at Holcombe House, Mill Hill, Hendon, and it is alleged that for reasons of his own he nominally gave up the ghost on December 28, 1864, having, as the certificate—unsigned as aforesaid—describes it, fallen a victim to "abscesses, gangrene, and exhaustion"—a trinity of ailments quite sufficient, it must be confessed, to cause death. What is absolutely known is that he left a will concerning which the following details have been published:—Probate was granted on February 10, 1865, of the will, which bears date November 28, I860, with a codicil iuade on November 14, 1864, of Mr. Thomas Charles Druce, of 58, Finehleyroad. and of the firm of Druce & Co., of the Baker-street Bazaar, No. 68, Bakerstreet, upholsterer, who died on December 28, 1864 (leaving personal estate under £70,000 in value), to the executors, his widow, Mrs. Annie Druce, of Holcombe House, Mill Hill, and Charles Smith, of' 1, Oraven-place, Kentish Town, and Alexander Young, the well-known accountant, of Tokenliouse-yard. Mr. Druce appointed also as an executor of his will John Hone, jun., of Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital, fringe manufacturer; and he bequeathed to Mr. Smith, Mr. Young, and Sir. Hone, for the executorship, £100 each, and to Mr. Alexander Young, as chief acting executor, £200 a year during the continuance of -the trust. The testator ordered that his body should be buried in Highgate Cemetery, and that his funeral expenses should not exceed £20, and he bequeathed to his wife £200 to be paid forthwith, and, £300 more within three months, and bis furniture and household effects, horses and carriages, and the income during her widowhood of the income derived from his leasehold estate, or in the event of her remarriage £200 a year for the remainder of her life. By the codicil Mr. Druce bequeathed £1,000 in trust for his son George, the child of his first iparriage, who was believed to be in Australia. He left all the residue of his property in trust in equal shares for the six children of his second marriage, his sons Herbert, Sydney Charles, Walter Thomas, and Louis Albert, and his daughters Florence and Bertha, and he desired that his sons Herbert and Sydney should be in due-course admitted as partners in the business which he carried on in partnership with William Edney, and that his sons, whilst employed in the business, should be paid £150 a year each until twenty-one years of age, £650 a year until twenty-four years of age, and thereafter, until admitted as partners, £1,000 a year each. This seems straightforward enough in all conscience. That the executors named were real persons js unquestionable, for one it is known paid the debt of nature in due course; the other, Mr. Alexander Young, survives, and has through Messrs. Fairfield, solicitors, entered a caveat against the opening of the -vault in Highgate. Whether that will have any eSect remains to be seen. Meanwhile I transfer from "Lloyd's Newspaper" a statement given to a reporter of that paper by Mrs. Anna Druce, which reveals her whole case. Of course, in what she is doing she is acting in the interests of that son who, as her narrative shows, is now in your part of the world:—'"The marriage," she says, "which took place on October 30, 1851, "at New Windsor, Berkshire, between my late husband's father and mother, and in which their names are recorded as Thomas Charles Druce and Annie May, spinster, was in reality between the Marquis of Titclifield, afterwards the fifth Duke cf Portland, and the illegitimate daughter of the fifth Earl of Berkeley. These two had lived together for many years, and the circumstances which led to their intimacy and to the subsequent double life of my husband's father are of a most remarkable character, and also serve to throw a very strong light upon what have always been regarded as the extraordinary eccentricities o£ the fifth Duke. The latter and his brother—Lord George Beetinek—were both in love with the same woman, but while the youngcr's suit received the approbation of their father, the latter net only discouraged the desire' of his eldest ?on, but treated him with insult, and referred, iu veiy gross terms, to the skin disease from which he suffered. On September- 21, 1848, Lord George was found dead near Welbeck Abbey, it was stated from a spasm of the heart. From that time my husband's father suffered the keenest remorse and the most abject fear. Nearly always in a state of terrorj he took various courses for his protection, and, adopting the name of Thomas Charles Druce, transferred to himself, as Druce, immense property from himself as Duke of Portland. You know quite well the manner in which he undermined Wcllbeck Abbey with subterranean apartments; he did precisely the same thing with the Baker-street Bazaar, his desire in each case being that he might have always ready a place of refuge But realizing the risk of exnosure to which he was subjecting himself by his double existence, he determined to end his life ad Druce, and for that purpose caused a cofiin to be buried with his supposed remains. 1 had long had my suspicions, but- when, on my husband's death, a man named Vassar came to me, ard mentioned that he had been engaged in removing some lead from a roof about the time of the supposed burial, they we»~e converted into certainly. If any further proof were needed lh.it no body was interred, it is supplied by the "fact that it was subsequently discovered, on t-he burial of my husband's mother,' that the coffin supposed to contain his father's remains had entirely .collapsed, for *" the simple reason that the weight of the coffin containing my husband's body bad caused it to do so, through there "being nothing inside to sustain it. Even after this, however, the fifth Duke's fears were not quieted, and at last he determined to assume madnc-ss. Taking the name of Harmer, and conducting himself in the most extravagant manner, he caused himself to be placed under the care of Dr. Fo»-bes Winslow, and succeeded in entirely convincing that gentleman of his madness, but after about a year of incarceration he was then permitted to leave. As to why my husband's father and mother did not marry for so long it is impossible to say accuratelybut probably the desire to conceal the facts surrounding the lady's birth had a great deal to do with it. the circumstances in her ease being also of an extraordinary character. The fifth Ear] of Berkeley married his wife—a Miss Cole—in 1785- and then, many years later, had to go throucli the same-ceremony again, for the House of Ixirds, it 1811 declared the first union illegal, my husband's mother being born before that date. I myself was a Miss Butter, and my father being agent for Lord Pembroke, the latter acted for a time as tnv guardian. It was through going to the aame school as my husband's sister that I first met him. As to the opening of the graven I have to-day received a letter from the Cemetery Company saying that ^they will not open it without my son's written authority. As he is in Australia farming— he was at one time a sailor—there must be a delay, but I do not despair in the least. It is on his behalf that I mean to win. If you could see him you would see at once the extraordinary likeness he bears to several members of the Bentinck family, and a.lso to the portrait produced in Court of "Thomas Charles Druce.' I may add— though it is not a pleasant thing to say— that my youngest daughter suffers, though in of course a lesser degree, from the same skin disease which affected her grandfather. I have been offered £60^000 for my claim, but have refused it. Lvery obstacle has been put in my way, and only the other day, at Highgate Police Court, two men, perfect strangers to me, attempted-to give mo in charge; the Inspector, however, declined to listen to them. But I am absolutely confident of success, and, now the case has at last come before the public, have no doubt as to its ultimate result." J'hat a person who called himself Dr. Harmer actually lived at Richmond for many years after 1864; that he was thought to be a homoeopathic doctor; that twenty years ago very much against the wish of his wife, "Willi whom he was living, he was placed in Sussex I louse Lunat ic Asylum under the charge of Dr. Forbes Winslow; that he remained there for a twelvemonth, and was then discharged "not cured, but improved" is indisputable, for Dr. Forbes Winslow testifies to these facts. A still more astonishing feature in the ease is that wiien the doctor was shown a portrait of T. C. Druce he stated that to the best of his belief it was a likeness of the man he had known as Dr. Harmer. As for the eccentricity of the fifth .Duke of Portland, that is a matter of history. On that point a Nottingham correspondent of the "Daily News"' has a good deal to say which is of interest, per se:—"He was never." says this writer, "seen atl Court and never mingled in society. Even his solicitors were never allowed an interview with him. His personal attire was most extraordinary. He habitually wore a hat approaching 2 l't. in height, which rested on a long old-fashioned wig; he never stirred out, wet or fine, without a. quaint old umbrella, and, no matter how hot the weather might be, a loose coat was always slung over his arm. Most curious of all, whether the ground was dry or muddy, he invariably had his trousers tied round a few inches from the bottom with a piece of common string, in precisely the same fashion as a navvy at his work. He tamed some of the deer in the Park of Welbeck Abbey, and fed them on biscuits and buns. He was fond of children, and was in the habit of throwing handfuls of silver tb them as he drove through the villages on his estate. He had a special carriage built, closed in from observation and hung round with heavy curtains, which was drawn by six small ponies and driven by lads, a veritable liiliputian turn out. Being fond of music he had his domestic servants taught that they might play to him. His great hobby, however, was building. For years as many as 500 masons were employed at Welbeck, with smiths, joiners, and such like besides the ordinary estate staff. They were kept busy in the construction of the vast tunneling which j surrounds Welbeck. The museum, libraries, &c.;, and all plans and models of buildings were prepared by himself. Having a genuine love for art he made a fine collection of paintings, and one day, with his own hands and a small boy as his only attendant, he made a huge bonfire of several thousand _ pounds worth of pictures which he did not deem good enough for his gallery. He was most simple in his diet, never taking butchers' meat, but having one chicken killed for him each morning, and eating half at one meal and half at another, these two being his only meals." The writer of a published article concerning him a little while before: his death made use of the following words, to which special interest is lent at the present juncture:—'His Grace has never been married, nor, to the best of living belief, has he at any time been smitten by woman's charms. Keaders of works of fiction who are apt to attribute the career of a bachelor to blasted affections, disappointments in early love, and all the rigmarole which form the pabulum of the fashionable novelist, may feel disappointed at this commonplace solution of their pet theory, but it is nevertheless a fact.' " The whole record is an exceedingly entertaining one. I might easily extend it by giving the will of Mrs. Anna Druce's husband, who died on November 19,1880, aged twenty-eight, leaving personal estate sworn under £1,500 to his widow, the instigator of the proceedings under notice, and the will of Mrs. Annie Druce, reputed widow of Thomas Charles Druce, who died on April 24, 1S93, aged sixty-five years, leaving personalty to the value of £6,558 16s. 8d., which was divided amongst her children, Herbert, Florence Slaria, and Bertha Marion, a legacy being also left to her daughter-in-law, Hannah Druce, and to a nurse; but it is hardly necessary; to go further into particulars. One significant circumstance is that if the gentleman to whom su^h protean peculiarities are attributed by Mrs. Anna Druce was seventv years of age when he died in 1864 as Thomas Charles Druce, it is difficult to understand how he could be the fifth Duke of Portland, who expired on December 6, 1879, aged seventy-nine, or Dr. Harmet, who was sixty-three years old when his spirit quitted its mortal tenement at Richmond on June 10, 1892. It is further pointed out that the assertions as to the excavations in Baker-street will not bear examination, and that the elder Mrs. Druce when she died Hiust, if the statements concerning her pedigree are true, have been certainly over 100 years old. There are further to be reckoned with the awkward facts set forth in this statement published in the Press as perfectly authentic:— "Much annoyance has been caused to Airs. Harmer, the widow of a physician formerly in large practice at Richmond, by the statement or suggestion that Thomas Charies Druce was in fact Dr. Harmer, and placed himself as a lunatic under the care of Dr. Winslow twenty years ago. As a matter of fact Dr. Harmer was under the care of Dr. Winslow in 1882 (not twenty years ago), and he died at the age of sixty-three years in 1992, when Thomas Charles Druce would have been ninety-nine years of age. There is, it is asserted on her behalf, not the slightest foundation whatever for the statement that Thomas Charles Druce and her husband were the same person, or had anything in any way to do with each other." Mrs. Druce's answer to the posers about the discrepancies in the ages of the three persons who are supposed to have been one are, first, that T. C. Druce was certainly not seventy years of age when lie renounced that particular name, and that there probably were two Dr. Harniers. She also deprecates bringing the Duke on the boards at present, as much has to be done before that stage of the case is reached. However, it is evident that the whole case is breaking down under cross-examination. Assuredly if the young man Sydney George Druce is doing fairly well in Australia, be will be very ill-advised in coming home to join in his mother's wild-goose chase after an enormous fortune. 