:.THIE GOOD AND THE BAD. onAPhrra Iv, ? IR. GnANer was a family lawyer and a man in whom his clients reposed the most profound confidence. Dir. Granby himself was just the man that might be pictured as the head of each a firm. lie was about lifty years of age, almost distinguished in appearance, with a stern counten aues that was still handsome, and an eye like an eagle's. On the morning after that on which ooonurrd-the events just.related he ar rived at his usual hour, ten .o'clock, and passing through the clerks' ofdios with a " good maruiug to all;" entered his private room. Ton minutes afterwards the head clerk, Mr. Bernard Royston, was sum. 'moned. : Bernard found his prinoilial with an unusual look of disturbance upon his invariably placid countenance. "Olose the door, Mr. Royston," he said; " I have something very ecriomr to impart to you, There is a thief in this ofiose." Bernard started and turned white and red by turns as he faltered: " A thief, ir ?." " Yes; twenty pounds has. boon taken out of my safe. Yesterday, as you are aware, my client, Mr. Munro, game to me and placed five hundred pounds in tnoupound notes in my hands for cortain purposes. After' taking the numbers I looked them up in the safe. I find two missing." Blanched and spoochless Bornard listened to this disclosure and did not speak until' his principal had ceased for some seconds. " Are you quite a'rtain, sir ?" he 'said at last. " You should know, Mr. Royston, I never make mistakes of that kind," replied the lawyer a little stiffly. " Besides hero' are the numbers of the fifty notda as I took them down." S"But whom can we suspoct.?" "That is what I desire you will help me to consider. There are only 'five persons who have access to this room-yourself; Mr. Goodgo, who like yourself is above suspicion; Brown, a steady, well. connected youth, indeed a relative of my own; the woman who cleans thle. offiee, a person of excellent haracter; and Mr. Grace." There was a disagreeable .emphasis upon the last name and a look in Mr. Granby's face as he uttered' it that said plainly, " if there be a person 'to be doubted. that is the man." " Burely you don't suspoot him ?" said Bernard hastily. I" should deeply regret suspecting any innocent person," replied Mr. Granby gravely; " but I must say of the five persons I have named that were I called upon to indicate the one whom I least trusted my finger would take that direction." "Oh, indeed, sir, you are mis taken I He would be utterly incapable of such an not," said Bernard almost passionately. " You might as well suspect me." "I think not, Mr. Itoyston; or, if it wore so, I slhould never agaiuntrust my knowledge of human nature,: It was you who recommended Mr. Grace to me. He was very badly off at the the time, if I remember, and had to; borrow money of me." ." " Buat any man who is depondont upon his earnings may .be in': such plight at some time of his life," urged Bernard. " You are interested in Mr. Grace ?" queoried his employer. " I am engaged to a young lady who is his adopted daughter." "Ah, that is a oircumstaneo W hich renders you a very bad judge of his' character," replied the lawyer drily. "Let me entreat you, sir, not to take any hasty stop against him. It would break his daughter's heart." "I never take hasty stops, AMr. IRoyston. I shall call him in hero, as I have called you; state the facts of the case, as I have to you. After tlat I shall summon Mr. Goodo, Mr. Brown, and Mrs. Pollot, oech eopa. rately; and I mast impress upon yoe and all to give no inkling of what has. passed between sa, so that no one may be prepared for my statement beforehand. If the culprit he in this office I shall find him, Mr. Royston." With those words he struck his boll, and desired the clerk who answered to send Mr. Grace to him. " That will do for theo' present, Mr, Rloyston,'" he said. Bornard started as though he had awakeoned 0oat of a reverie, and his hand trembled as ho turned tlhe haudlo of the door. As he opened it lie onme face to face willth Graoo. At that moment Mr. Grnhby raised his eyes, and could not hIlp being struckl by the contrast between the white Ihaggard features of the one and thie muiling, rubiound eountUenuancO of the oither. dernard paused oat ansd losed the door, and ,boenoaer stoodl just within it robbing hise haldo clid bowitag aicd rmiliang, " Bit dlo~wn, hir. Grno," anid tihe lawyer, E hbooeror nrenctld hllsef? lF upon lIle edge of cs chair, 'Jfhoi Mr, (rainby, withouat any Ifaraln'atiou, slated hii loss icn ovre briOefr tarms hcan ha Inaul to Iloritrd, anid without oaca taalilal hlt Oyec off his oISlcllas ssoo, Tice amilile faded is t a lo l h f ix. ciagor dt aasa11c.0u ) till, (ftorn Wsie t'i" l,,a ly cno i, , , is atl {'li a ii tli ticS It h:)' lal', ({rilap y ?out laie eoa hdsla aoa aslart wills " a) i yo l itaca any iaylh atl S.cas tai l l fictatll asa a I I taist h ifh.licalth breast of it before you leave this room. If you have any sentimental feelings I. have not. If you refuse I must find means to make you speak-in,.short give you into custody." - Grace drew his chair close to Mr. Granby's, and leaning forward began. almost in a whisper: " Well then, sir, since you must have it, listen. Yesterday morning I was hero early-beforo, as I thought, anybody had come, for I had been for a walk and got here sooner than I expected. I was oaming into this room to get the document in the Berle versus Borle oase that you desired me to copy on the preceding night. Whoen I tried the door I found.it looked, but a voioe called out, 'who's there ?' and at that,moment 1 heard the iron safe clang; the door opened, and Mr. BRJy eton, looking like a ghost, stood before me.'. lieo just said, 'good morning,' tooks up his hat, and hurried out of the oilloo. Now you have it, sir. That is all I know, and I would sooner ,have had my tongue cut out thIan have had to tell such a thing of a young man who has been so kind to mo and was to have boon my poor girl's husband. Ahl I it will break her heart when sbo hears of it." Hero Ebonozer'u pooketkl.andkeor chief came into requisition. At the mention of Royston's name, Mr.' Granby looked startled. " Is this true ? " he demanded. " You have not exaggerated ?" " As I hope to be saved, every word of it is true. Mrs. Pellet will be able to tell you that Mr. Royston was here before me." At that moment there was a knock and the junior clerk entered. " Not i word to any person of what has passed' between us," said Mr. Grauby. " Trust me, sir," was the reply. Ilo saw Beornard's eyes fixed anxiously upon him as hle came out, and answered tho glaeoiwith an inaso lent smile. .To 'or three mniiutes after a now. comer entered the office. ' It was Mr. Granby'' coaolhman, who brought a note from Mrs). Grauby,...whioh re quired, lie aid, an immediate answer. ' We cannot disturb him just now," said the junior clerik. ' He is engaged with': a lady. Biet down for a few minutes.". The coachman was a eingulai-look ing being, short and thick, with legs very.wido apiart, and a limp on one side ; and as lie took off his hat ex posed a head shaped exactly like a huge pear. From the moment he entered, Royston never took his eyes off him. Here was the very image of the man jlary had described. Could it be the same ? It must be,' for such a odin eidonce in two different men would be almost impossible, and oven the name wia? the same. He had taken his seat close to B3er nard's desklr. " You have not been long in Mr. Granby's servie," he said, in as in different a tone as he could assume; " at least, I have soon you only once before and remember WtPVilliam, the former oeaohman." . " No, sir, not this time," replied the man ; " but I was with him eoine years egone." ",Ob, indeed I" answered Bernard. ' The quick bonting:of his heart would not permit him to utter another word. Was it possible lhe had dieoovered the mystery. of Matry's birth-that Mr. Granby was her father ? Allowing for difference of ago, he would have been just the man she had doescribed, and always carrying an odour of perfume abou) him. It-must not be supposed, however, that he had formed these suspioions almost timounting to certainty-on the instant. He had thought the subject over before in connection with another piece of circumstantial evidence by and-by to be mentioned. VWhile revolving these thoughts in his mind, thie lady client departed. Jim delivered his letter, received his answer, and went away. Then Mr. Brown was called in, and, after being closeted for a few minutes, came out with a very soared face, and told Mr. Goodge lee was wanted. Grace looked elated, Bernard un easy and preoccupied. OIIAPTER V. As soon as the office closed that oevening, Bernard found his way to the Mews at the back of Mr. Granby's house, and inquired of some of the men working about which was that geiatlomun'e stable. "There it is, sir, No. 18; but thoro's no one theoro just now." " )Do youa.now whore the coachman is to be lfound ?" inquireod B)rnard, " Weoll, sir, I hoeard him say hlo was to takel the masteor and missuu to a diunor ptly some miles out tonigiht; so I expeOOt he'll pet up there, aud won't be homo till lato." Brnardl was ireatly disoppointed. Time wa eno preilous, any lday might britng abitc t aome diceetor to Mary,. BIcrnard'so ttemper, tuligh rathlier tqeiick, wan u~intdly prolty well under his controlt; but oi Ihat eveningll it hald ien ianeiorly Irel, firist by an on coun tr with i a vglttonmt brother, ,lin by the iallitaon of Mr, (Iraie', t olititlit 'ft hitndh, the preyiwd lirn onlminatl ilt iibll eblll or'ol ,Ibehavio ll lla,\~ ollo, ,1coi1atll lhlj hlittl lit Ilt cil tttonu hrntu thutm et~ h hi~a ,a elh, int, ,li? fve?iml th l1a1 noh!, ulw lish nintll'ii I mhiii i i l. hir oIii 1te h t i titd b rl Il w ll l lp. on onll' whl ?llt i ail 11 h I iul DYt l al ccIIa f il. if he h",l gIv{n hq land anl lIIh111111 ? it Il t ilt iw l i i , i Iul lit i tit ilj ii m hi fl th By the time he arrived at the road in which Mary lived it was quite dusk; but be saw three men emerge from it. Quiokening his pace,,he soon per ceived them to be Grace and his two "gentlemen" friends. He watched them turn the corner, then he knocked at the door. It was answered by the landlady, for the Graces lived only in furnished apartments. She had always before had a smile for him and a cheerful "good evening I" now there was an embarraeed look upon her faoo and she held the door in her hand without atteaipting to move aside. "I'm very sorry, Mr. Royston," she said,"' but I have orders from Mr. Graeo not to admit you if you should call at any time." "I'm very sorry to hear it, Mrs. Price," replied' Bernard coloring: " but as I have dono nothing to do serve being forbidden to see theo'oung lady who is my promised wife, I hope you won't obey them." "Ic that you, Bernard ?" said a soft, tremulous voice from above. " Yes, darling I " And, passing the landlady, who made no resistance, he bounded up the stairs, and the next moment he and Mary were looked in a close embrace. " Well," muttered Mrs. Pries, " I've delivered my message, but it ain't to be expected that, if a man will enter the house, I can prevent him; and I don't sfant to, neither. I am surs the girl's safer with him than them follows the old man brings here." In the meantime Bernard had almost carried the weeping girl, whose arms fast clasped his neck, into the sitting-room, placed her on a chair, and knelt at her feet. "'Oh, Berny I " she said at last, "I have been so miserable." " My poor darling I" he murmured, " those men have been here again, persecuting you with their odious at tontious ?" She made no answer for a moment; then, turning suddenly, exclaimed, "Bernard, how came you and father to quarrel ? What is the meaning of the change that has come over him,?" "It was not my fault, dear." "Oh, yes, it was, Bernard ; you said dreadful things to him. You must ask him to forgive you; we will both ask him, and he is too tendor-hearted to refuse." "His design is' to entangle this foolish young coxcomb intoamarriage with you," he said; "' but, oh, darling, do not listen to him." "Bornard, I will never be a wife if I am not yours." " And should Mr. Grace persist in refusing his consent ?" " Oh, but he won't, dear. 'We must have patience, and you must apologies to him very humbly, for my sake." " But he has no right to refuse," cried Bernard. " He has already given his consent, and is bound in honpr to adhere to it." "But that is not the way to talk of dear father, Bernard," she said gently. "If led away by these men, ilt is be' oause he truly believes he is acnoting for my good." "Then, Mary, if it came to a holice between us," he said bitterly, "I should go to the wall ?" "How cruel you are to suggest those things I But you know I could never fly in the face of him who saved me from I know not what. If we were to be separated for ever I should soon die; but better dead than un. grateful to such a man noas my dear father I" Bernard forced brack the words that were rising in his throat. "You will stay and see father, won't you ?" Mary added. "Not to-night, darling ; I am not quite equal to it." He had not gone long before Grace returned, loolking elated. " Snob a treat for you the day after to-morrow, Polly 1" he said. "Har. mar and Decamp are going to drive us over to Richmond to dinner at the Star and Garter. Such a turn-out we shall have, and Decamp is going to drive." " Oh I don't go, father I" exclaimed Mary, looking the picturo of distress. "Not go ? I should like to catch myself neglecting such a treat I" " But how will you got away from the ollieo ?" "Oh I I shall arrange all that. I'm a greatcfavourito with Mr. Granby now. Shouldn't wonder if I were head-lork some day." "Bornard has been here, father," she said presently. "Oh, he has, has he ?" said Ebo. nozor angrily, "after my orders to Mrm, Price that he shouldn't be ad. mitted ? Wait a day or two, and you may hear something about hrim trhat will astonishi you, and make you bloos 'your Iruey staro that your foolish old father wao a little heoonor.sighlrted than ,yost." Thle next evening Bernard aeidn repaired to thre mowlnvn, and this time was fortunate onougrl to tufind the oaiihmanr staanding at tihe stlable.door in company wilth one or two others, 'Jim urod hl is hiat with a " do yon wanlt lro, sr ? " "Yeo, I olihld like to speak nto you a omiiiilet," nsw'eorld BIerriiadi, hinn hisr, t lh tlo ini, r in tistn'roat, '1he othr Ils)- Is IoivdL] iinway tei left thien twi lone, ihs wilth l sl i a tilioil Inkc friim inl sI h hilltyoa1 iIrii Isn lishImii lit lii flareo thi i olh l ir s h tmlu , I drin ijilrrI,, irniiomsir th sun wrilltlh. It- Is'n irs. m nlll t h lsinll[ !lir lnt i r t? lh l?ladl It !:H Iilh l Ili ti ii ll ut nlli' ulll lirnh ! l ly, liii' i A wth. ri nil, s 1 I )w s 'ilt n )m . v?i eis,) i " Ihq .r i t I II,, r'Inn Ih i 's n, ii inn', ri ti 1i liiif /iii ut luitpin I li t i, 1 itYi i siriu ',. ' , I tsiiu, ht,!l' it hsr ti i ii r l it i' t " Well, sir, I cannot be quite sure, for I was changing about a good deal just then. What was the name of the little lady's father ? " " Suppose it was Granby ?" said Bernard desperately. Jim left off his work for a moment, and regarded his interrogator with a queer expression of face difficult to understand, " But was it, sir 2 " he inquired. Bernard did not answer for a mo mont. This man was adroit enough to fence all his cross-questioning and to carry on the game of thrust and parry as long as himself. Might he not have a better chases if he dealt openly with him, and frankly ex plained the situation ? " I do not know what his name was. It is from you I lihoped to get the infor mation." Jim gave a quiet chuokle. " Do you know what was the fate of that little girl and her mother ? " re sumed Bernard earnestly. Jim made no reply ; but his assumed indifference could not conceal the anxiety that was visible in the nervous movements of the fingers that hold the polishing leather. " The mother died in a garret, in misery, starvation. The child was left destitute, and must have gone to the workhouse but for the kiudneess of a poor woman, who adopted her." Jim turned aside to hang up the bit he had been. rubbing with enormous energy, and busied himself moving about the different pieces of harness, Whoen Bernard again aought sight of his face it had changed; the obeeks were paler ;.the nose, if possible, more purple; and there was a glistening in the eyes like tears. " Where is the child now ? " he asked huskily. " She is no longer a child," replied Bernard, "but a beautiful girl. The man whose wife adopted her is not a fit oustodian for such a treasure, for she is good-as she is beautifol. Even now two men-gentlemen they are supposed to be, who I feel convinced have evil designs-are persecuting her with their attentions, and her adopted father favors them." "Will you write down her name and address for me, sir ?" Bernard ponocilled it upon at leaf of his pookeot- boolk, tore it out, and gave it to him, " May I ask you, sir, how it weas you came to mo?" inquired Jim, after reading and carefully putting it into his waistcoat-pocket. " Mary-Miss Grace-has several times told me the story of her child. hood, and described you." " hoe hasn't forgot me, then ?" "Oh, no I And she always says how kind you were to her, and how fond she was of you." Jim took out his handkerchief and blow his nose so lustily that it brought the tears into his eyes. " I recognised you immediately the first day you came to the ofoice." "May I ask you, sir, what put it into your head to throw out that fooler about Mr. Granby being her father 2" inquired Jim, after a pause. Bernard hoejtated. " Well, I may as well be candid with you," he said, after some ooun sideration. "I one day caught Mr. Granby looking very intensely at the portrait of a very beautiful woman. Mary has often attempted to describe her mother to me, and a strange notion took possession of me that it was her picture. I must .add that it was the day after I saw you at the offieo. It was tlhat which most probably sug goated the idea," "If I may make bold to say it, sir, I suppose you and the young lady are swooetheart ?" said Jim, with a twinkle of the eye. " We are engaged. I know that the discovery of her real parents would be the death-blow of my hopes ; that if Mr. Granby be the father he would never ontertain the idea of giving his daughter to a olerk in his office; but I am quite willing to sacrifice myself if I can save her from the danger which now threatens and restore her to her true position in the world," "If I was a gentleman and had a daughter I should be proud to give her to a man that spoke like that," replied Jim warmly. "BBut you leave the matter im my lhando. I mustn't say anything just at present; -bi~ I'll go and see this young lady." "At onsoo, for every hour's delay oudangers her safety and happiness." " I'll go as soon as I have done my work." "A thoueand thankls. Thoue I won't ahinder you by remaining another moment." Bornard had not felt so elated and fall of spirits for some days as whou ho turned his back upon the mowso. But he was only human after all, and long before reaching homo the fooeeling that Mary was ncow irrotrlov. ably lost to hbu filled his heart with saildness. Whese he had geone away Juia weont to hin soat, whioh hunag ip bohindi thie otable-door, took out a pipe, filled it fraom hi poosah, lit it, and cc t down upson an inverted Imohalot t miiolitaeto, Osne of thIe man slaOlt caseo eap to renoew tlihe ovyrsentlion elict Ilad bieoc hrulcm s ff hs y terarsd'e eafppa1aanoasn biut Jh1 rather lertlly ifsorameld hsin lhat he waItedll to be to hFiceclf, llponi wahihi tlihe oullor, acl i seald Icasai Q ic lii way1 J lfos nla e he otis etI is;s," ueilfacd idail ' eci I' safs," y iay, af And itc judeIo ly hfia laossi easeld the cmannir i whids hc pahca at ia s pipc e lio cp v ellsa i ' li isa m ly 5ds ,ill, Ii a ln l aiahed hi atas ar m Isli ce 'i , Ifill ' jl' )lie I l l' I tIa lcI 1'''~l~,~' s' I l's. lscala I al'l If a11 t a 11fa 1' 5,1,5505hpu~ sau t l , € ,i IsU 5 ' 55 , a '' 1 ? o h , ,, l t, l , l Alase I It was destined to make a very great difference. While Jim was diving his mintrees to the opera, Bernard was loitering about the road in which Grace lived in the hope of coeing him coming. When it was dark he walked up and down past the house, and once or twice caught night of Mary's headow crossing the blind. At ten o'clock he made his weay homewards. "I wonder how it was ho did not come to.night ?" was his thought. " There, he is only a servant, and a hundred things might have prevouted him." Somehow he did not feel very dis appiiuted; indeed, Jim's non.appear ance seemed to him almost like a re spitlo from an impending doom. "I dare say he will go to-morrow." elo little thought what the morrow was to bring forth. (To ec conlinued.) 