THE CHEVALIER de MAISON ROUGE. CHAPTER XXXIX.— Continued. dishonoring myself for you.' iJeneviove approached her lips to Mnu riccV, and roma-Snod linnging on tho nock of her lover. ' Yes, you are right,' said Gcnevieve; ' it is I who deceived myself. Whnt I feel is not remorse, nerhoin it is a degradation to my love ; but you will comnrnhond. nt lonnt. 1 Invp v.-in fnr tun iniicii to feel njiy other emotion thnn the all-engroFsing one, tho fear of losing you. Let us go for away, Maurice ; let us go fnr away, where no one can reach ns,' ' Oh, thanliN I' said Maurice, trans' ported with joy. ' But how can we flee ?' said Gene-i Wove, trembling at the thought. ' It is not so cosy to escape nowadays fronu tho poniard of the nfls»wius of the 2nd of September, or the hatchet of tho hangman of the 21st of January.' ' Ucnevlevc,' snid Mai.r.'c, '.' God will protect us. Listen to me. A good action which I endenvon'd to perform', apropos to this 2nd of September, which you have just named, is now about to receive Its reward. I wished to snvo a poor priest who had studied with me. I went to Dauton, and at his request the Commune of Public Safety signed a passport for the unfortunate man aud his sister. This passport Dan ton for warded to me, but tho unhapjiy man, in stead of' neHiing it at my house, ns I had recommended him to. do, was shut up by the Carmelites, and there he died.' ' And the passport ?' said Genevievc. ' I have it now. It. is worth a mil lion. It is worth more than that, Gene vievc ; it comprises both life and happi ncBs.' ' Oh, God be praised 1' cried the young woman. ' Now, my property, as you nre aware, consists of estate, managed by an old servant, of the family, a. stanch patriot, and strictly loyal, in whom we. may confide. He will send a ivniittnnce whenever I winh. On (arriving at Boulogne we will go to his house.' 'Where does he reside, then ?' 'At Abbeville.' ' When Khali we go, Maurice ?' ' Within nu hour.' ' No one need Know of our departure.' ' No one will know it. I will rim to Louis ; he has a cabriolet and no WE W1U, QUIT FRANCE. lion;o. while I linvc a horse and no carriage. We will set out immediate ly on' my return. You remain here. Gencvieve, lind prepare everything for our departure. We want but little luggage ; we ca.n purchase all that wo require in England. I shall give Sce vola some commission that, will remove him out of the way. Louis will explain our departure. We nvunt but little th.it time we shall be far away.' ' But if we should bo stopped upon tho mad?' ' Ilnve we not our passports ? We filial I go to Hubert's house; that is tha Htewiird's name, nubert forms part of the municipality of Abbeville ; from Abbeville to Boulogne he will accomiiany us as safeguard. At Boulogne we will purchase and freight a vessel. I could besides, proceed to the committee and moke them give me a mission to Abbe ville. But no, uot by fraud, Gcne vieve. Is it uot better to risk our lives to nave anil secure our hapiiincss ?' ' Yes, mon ami ; and we shall succeed. But how you arc perfumed this morn ing,' said the young woman, conceal-' ing her face on Maurice's breiutt. ' True ; I purchnKi-J a bunch of violcto for you this morning, |iof»ing before the Pnliu-c dKgalite ; but, on my S-eturn, Hulling you m- «nd. I tluiught of noth ing but inquiring the clause of your disf trefifl.' ' Oh, give it to me/; I jwin return it.' fr- nnvirve inhaled the odor ot the bouquet with inlcmso delight, when sud den Iv her eyes suffused with tcnju. ' What is it ?' nnid Maurice. ' Poor Hcloisc I' murmured Gcnevieve. 'Ah, yes!' said Maurice, with a nSght ; ' but let us think of ourselves and leave the dead, wherever they may be, to reht in the grave dug by their devotion. Adieu 1 I am going.' ' Return quickly.' ' In less than an houir I shall be hero again.' ' But if Louis is not at home ?' ' What does it matter ? his servant known me. And even in Ids , absenca I can take what I plejific, as lie would do here in mine.' ' Very wejl.' ' Now, my Gennvievc, prepare every thing ; but, as I have told you, confine, youseif to nopoKHnrics. I do not wish' our departure ito appear like a ro niovn-1.' Tlie young man advanced a step to ward the door. ' Maurice,' enid Gcnevieve. He turned round, and saw the young woman extend her arms toward. -him. ' Ah rovoir, au reyoir, tliear love,1' said he ; ' in half an hour I sball ba horoi.' Gcncvicvc remained alone, occupied, as we have Bald, in preparations for their departure. Sho accomplished her task in feverish hnwte. As long as she re mained in Paris, the part she was act ing appeared to her dpubly culpable. Once out of France, once among stran gers, St seemed that her crime— a crime rather of fntnlity than her own, would weigh the less heavily on her conscience. She even hoped, ittokutcd qnd in solitude, tine might finish by forgetting tho ex istence of any other man than Maurico. They would fly to England ; everything was arranged. There they would biro a little cottage, standing alone, very retired, shut out from all eyes ; they would change their names, and instead of two iiiuuos would have one. Then they would Jiave two servants, who would be perfectly Ignorant of the past. Fortunately, both Genevicvo and Maurice spoke English. Neither tho one or the other left anything to regret in France. Thup Genevicvo commenced making preparations for their voyage, or, rather, flight. She took singular pleasure in selecting from tho root thoBe objects lor which Maurico had evinced any prudilcctlon, Tho coat BOtting off his tall figure, to advantage, the cravat and waistcoat suitable to his completion, tho books whoso leaves be liad most frequently drawn ujmn. She hail already nn.de her selection ; already tho waiting trunks were on the floor, while clothes, linen and books were Btrcwn on tho chairs, the sofa and tho pinno. Suddenly «ho heard tbo key turn in the lock. ' Why, Scevoln has returned !' Bald she. ' Surely Maurice could uot have met him.' And sho continued her occupation. Tho doors of the saloon were o|wu, and flho heard Sccvoia raoving in the ante chamber. She held a roll of mimic In her liajia, twid wan looking for some string to tie round it. 'Sccvola I' cried she. An approaching step somided in an ad joining room. ' I am hero,' said a voice. At the Bound of his voice, Genevicvo turned quickly round, and uttered a terrible cry. ' My husliand !' cried she. ' Ilinwolf,' said Dixincr, coolly. GfiiCTiovo wan on n, chair, Ben rolling tnr some strings in tlie wardrobe. Sho felt her head turn round, and, extending her arms, fell backward, wishing »hc could precipitate herself into an abyss be neath. Dixlnci- took her in his nrnw, and cnrricd'lu'r to anofn, where ho seat ed himself also. 'What is the matter, jny dear? Whnt Is it ? My iirCMencc seems to have pro duced a most disugirvtiMo effect upon you.' ' I am dying,' miniuurnd Genevisvo. turning from him, and pressing both hands over Imt eyes, that shn might shut out the frightful apparition. ' What,' Dnjil Dixmer, ' did you be lieve me dead, my dear, n,ncl did you take me for a ghost V' Gonevlovn looked round her with a be wildered nir, when, |wrci-iving tho por trait of Mumii-e, she glided from tho sufa and fell upon her knees, ns if to implore the n™intance of this power less mid iusetisllilc image, wliie.li still continued to mnile. ' The misrtmlile. woman fully comprehended the nieniu'cs conccnled by Dixmvr under his affected calmness. ' Oh, my dear child,' continued tho master tanner, ' it was well for me, pcrhiL|w, tlint you thought I was far from Paris; but I ronm i mwl there. Tho d»y alter I hod quit till, the Iiouncj I re turned, and found in its Rtivid a henp of ruins. I inquired after you. No one hnd seen you. I then commenced a Rcnrch after you., and have had much trouble to find you. I vow, I did not think ynu were here, however, I hnd my Hiisjiicions. So, ns yiru nee, I came. So here I am, a,nd you sec inc. And how is dear Mnurice ? Indeed, I fear you have suffered much. You so stand) a Royalist, coni|H-lled to neck shcltcn under the roof of a Republican.' ' My God ! my God I' murmured Geuc vicvo, ' take pity upon me I' ' After all, my dear,' coutinuod Dix nicr, ' what serves to console mo lnortt, is that you arc so coiiifurtnbly lodged here, aaid that you do not appear to have suffered much from the jiroscrip tion. As for myself, sinco the burning of our house, and the ruin of our for tune, I have had my share of wnndcjr iug adventure*, sometimes living in a cave, another time a boat, sometimes even in the common sewers with which the Seine abonmlw.' ' Monsieur I' said Geuevicvc. ' You buve there some boaiitiful fruit; as for me, I have often gone without any dessert, not having had any din ner.' Genevicvo, sobbing bitterly, sup ported Jicr licad between her hands. ' Not,' continued Dixmer, ' tjiat I was destitute of money. 1 have, thn.uk (Sod t gcuer:illy carried with me thirty thou sand frnncs ; by means of which the 'collier,' the ' fishermen, ' or tho 'rag merchant ' tlrcw the louis from his pocket to purchase a morsel of cheese or a sausage. Eh, my God I yiw, madnine, I have successfully adopted these three costumes. To-day, the bet ter to disguise m.ywl/, I ajn eu pntriatc, en cxngerc, eu Marscillnis. I lisp and I swear, tin outlaw cannot conceal him W'lf ns easily in Paris a,s a youug aud pretty woman, aud I have not the hapjii uesK of knowing an ardent young Rc imblicaul who would hide me from every eye.' ' Monsieur ! (monsieur 1' cried Gcne vieve, ' have mercy upon me ; J'ou see that I am dying.' ' Anxiety ; I can understand that you have had much anxiety about me ; but console yourself, you see me now. I have returned, and we will now part no more, inndninc.' ' Oh, you- will kill me I' cried Geue vievo. Dixmer regarded her with a fright ful smile. ' Kill: nu innocent woman 1 Oh, mn dunie, what makes you say so ? It must be that grief for my absence has turned your brain.' ' monsieur i' saw Uenovievo, 'mon- sieur, I beseech you to kill me nt once, rather, than torture me with them', cruel railleries. No, I am not innocent ; yen, I am criminal ; yas, I merit deuth. Kill me, monsieur, kill me—' ' Then, you acknowledge that you merit death ?' ' Yes, yes I' 'And to expiate this. crime of which1 you' accuse yourself, you will submit to death without complaint 7' 'Strike, mniivienr ; 1 will not utter a cry, and, instead of cursing, I will blew the hand that strikes me.' ' No, ma dame ; I do not wish to strike you, though, in nil probability, you will die. Only your dentil, instead of be ing, as you seem to four, an igiioniinona one, ahull be most glorious. Thn.uk me, mndnme,. while punishing, I will immor talize you.' ' \Vhnt,i then, will you do, monsieur ?' ' You will follow the end to which we were tending when interrupted on our roii.p. In your own eyes and in mine you die guilty ; in tliot eyes ot the world you will die a martyr.' 'Oh,, my God I you will drive me mad !-y S|icnkiiig thus. Where are you con ducting me ? where arc you dragging mo 7' 'In all. probability, to death.' 'Leave mo to offer up one prayer.' 'To whom?' ' It muttcrn not to you. The moment youi deprive me of life, my debt is can celed—my debt paid, I owe you nothing.' 'True,' snid Dixmor, retiring into an other room ; ' I will await you.' Aud he left her once more alone. Gcnevieve sunk on her knees before the portrait, pressing her hands against her bursting heart. ' Mnurice,' eaid she, in a low tone, ' pardon me ; I could not expect to be happy, but I hoped to have made you so. Maurice, I am depriving you of a joy that constituted your life ; pardon me for causing your death, my best be loved !' Then,, severing a ringlet from her mass of curls, she bound it round the bouquet of' violets and placed them beneath the portrait, which, iimciiHihlc and «|toech Ichh as it was, still appeared to umume an expression of grief at her departure. At least, so it apjicarisd to the unfortu nate Gencvieve, as flho gazed at it through her tears. ' Wcll.i are you ready, madamo 7' dcl, mnnded Dixmir. ' So soon !' murmured Gonevicvc. 'Oh, take your timo, madamo,' re plied Dixmer. ' I am in no hurry. Be sides, I dare say, Maurice will not be long, and I ejhall bp deligbtod to thank him' (or all h|i kludncss and hoapitality townrd you.' Gcncvieve tromhlcd with torror at the Idea of a mcctiug bctn'i'un Acr lover and husfmud. She rained herself by an effort, saying, culuily : ' It is finished, monsieur, and I am rcadi ynow.' Dixmei* went out first, and the tremb ling Genevievc followed him. With liulf closed eyes, her hoiiil turned round to look her lost, she ascended the carriage which was waiting nt the door. It rolled away. As Gcuovlcvo had truly oaid-lf was fiiiinliod. 