JIM BURROWS' PARTNER; OR, THE "MAD TRAMP" AND THE LOST EL DORADO. A STORY OF NORTH-WEST CANADA. By ROBERT L. JEFFERSON. Author of "Gold Mining in Siberia," etc. Jim Burrows came into camnp one mnorning almost at a run. H: displayed more alacrity than any inhabitant had discovered In him since he first landed on the goldfields two years back. He made straight for rute saloon, shouting as he went, and the diggers who were Justthen on their way to the claims paused and looked back Inquiringly; hIe'ltited-certainly they did-and iuhy not, for-JimBurrows had never .been known so excited-before? - les houted, a ndhis shouts bore an invitltion which knew no refusal. It was an'luvitation which Jim had only given out once be: fore, and that was two years before, and the invitation was precisely similar -it was an invitation to a drink. "Blame me," said Bill Crossley, "but I believe he's struck It! But where's his pardner?" - "Looking after the claim-what do you think?" said Jake Morgan. "Struck it rich, of course he has. Don't they all behave like this when they strike it?" and they crowded into the saloon, and Jim Burrows paid like the man he was. He sat on the bar and told them the tale, but he winked and nodded, and not a word could they gather as to where it was. He knew it, he said, and his partner was looking after it. He had just come down for tucker, and then oft again; and when he'd got his papers, then he'd just invite the boys up and show them the spot. Ie wa lt i.i -' .griateful, not rhe, and he was Just going Sto~do the thing right and proper and 3 3quare; but he was not going to have any jumping, not he. HIe knew his game, although he'd only been two years at it, and now he'd struck it lie meant to go right through. I watched Jim Burrows interestedly, for of all men who had come down to Jacksonville, he was the last I expected to have luck. Luck is an element on all goldfields. Some men come in to-day and may be rich to-morrow. The pio neers are the losers as a rule. Jim Bur rows was a pioneer. He had discovered the region, and like a good many other discoverers, was none the better for it. He had worked as a washer for those who came after him, and though now and again he was wont to go off on his own account, it seemed that luck was not to be his again, for he always re turned more morose, more gloomy than ever. Some of them pitied him, others 'despised him; but why the latter I could never tell, unless it is that in hu man nature there Is only reverence for the prosperous and contempt for the poor. Anyway, we all drank Jim Burrows' whisky, wished him the best of luck; en-. vied himn, and went off to our own claims. Days passed, and Jim was ab sent. Be had been down the river to .the office, he said, when he returned. He had got'his papers, and now he woould show us where it was. Up over the mountains, beyond a creek, and down in a narrow gulch was.Jim Bur rows' claim, anti a big piece he had par celled out, of a solemn truth, and ex perienced-miners shook their heads and said there was no color left for anyone else. It was only a little twig of a stream, not a quarter of a mile long,and little wider than a ditch, and Jim and his partner had been careful enough to leave only the wash for those who liked to follow. But we could not grumble, and filed back to the settlement, a lot of us hop. ing that Jim's pan would turn out all right, and a good many, with that per .ersity of human nature strong in them, half hoping to see him fail. Day followed day, and Jim and his -partner, Grogan-tholattteran Irishman of the most Hibernian type-wele ab sent; but one day Grogan turned up ,with one of the longest and strangest tales we had heard for a long time. He came into the village inquiring right and left where Jim Burrows was. Shure, and he'd left him three days pre viously, and never a sight of him had he seen since. Bedad, and it was too bad of him to leave him up there working a lone. Color! It was more than they could carry. Every pan t was worth thirty dollars, and he supposed Jim had gone off on a spree-bad luck to him! rBut Jim was not in the village, nor had'anybodly seen him,and Grogan was distressed. or did Jim appear for five days, or at all, and during those five days Grogan remained In camp, drink ing pretty heavily, and reviling his part ner for his absence. Of course, we all made various sur mises as to the cause of Jim's disappear ance, and all were equally plausible. TL'here was only one thing for it, how ever, and that was pending his. return Grogan should go on with the claim. 'And he did. He worked almost night and day, and when the sheriff came down from the town prepared to escort the bag back, it was freely calculated that Grogan was worth a hundred thou sand dollars, and the claim not yet a quarter worked out. Speculation rose as to what had be come of Jim Burrows, and it was freely hinted that Grogan knew more than he cared to tell. One night a few of us went up to the claim (stealthily, it is true), and Grogan did not lknow we were coming. We had not disturbed him. either, and when we saw him lying full length before his tent, his face covered -with mosquitoes, and the log fire before him playing its light on his body, we fist passed by, and searched amongst Sthe diggings, for it had occurred to us that we might find the body of Jim Bur :rows lying around. But we didn't, and we sneaked back to the village as mys tifed as ever. The whole summer passed and the winter came down. Gra Sdually the noise about Jim grew less. He'd fallen over the gulch, perhaps, and bad been carried into the big river. Any way, he was not the first man who had disappeared suddenly, and. pendinug evi dence, the only thing to do was to do nothing-which Is an expression which grogan himself might have used. I was back in England. I had failed. Toou only hear of the successful gold miners; you don't hear much of the failures. I had spent my little all, and had returned to my native country-not with hopes shattered,nas novelists would Ssay, but just keen on resuming my old Soccupation, and thinking that in that work, at any rate, there was a living. Sand.Perhaps it would be more congenial -iffLondon than with the mosquitoes of North-Western Canada and Its cold. it Swas not:a very ambitious proCgramme w -hich :I had mapped out for myself. Oab-driving, at the best of times, is not Sthe sort of thing which most men wouldt yearn-for, although the box of a han "om is frequently occupied by nmen who once knew some social standing. Bit Sthere is something about the life which gives a fillip to existence, andti even whenat- aws hard to make the yard . money, I never felt quite so dtown as ,when I was struggling-vainly strug gling-for a sight of yellow amongst the sand of my digger's pan. Gradually, but all too surely, amnidst the whirl of I.ondon life the memory of my experiences in Canada receded and became duller; but all were brought back to me of a sudden one day, and that was when I was crawling along the gutter of Piccadtlilly, eyes all around me -if salch could be tie case--on thi chance of a fare. It was a dull, misty night ins November; the streets witre al most deserted, and I wias about flicking up my Ireld hIorse, so :as to get to Pic cadilly Cireus, when I heard the hall from a club qnite close, antl went to it Slike a shot. A tall, bIearded man, well dressed, got into the cab andt gave me directions to drive to Euston station. I at ounce whilplted ulp. and wa seoon bo?ting through the side streets, but as I I ,went thoiights began to;run rapidly t through my head,' Where had I seen T the man inside before?-and I had just turned into the Tottenham Court road, 1 whei like a' flash it 'all come upon me, and I knew my fare was Grogan. t The first thing that I did was to pull up, the next to get off the box, the third to tear open the doors and to shout out: "Why, Grogan, don't you know me?" I had expected him to start forward, I seize my hand and shake it, and say, f 'Well, I'm blessed! Fancy seeing yon here!' But he did nothing of the sort. He simply stared hard at me, and said: I "What in the name of Heaven do you call this? Are you drunk? My name's I not Grogan. Get on to Euston!" I was knocked back, as you might < say, for I saw. I had made a mistake. E I apologised as well as I could, got. up . on my, box again, and in a few. minutes I was saying, "Thank'ee" for the half- I ciowp;.:which my fare handed _me. t Thbdgli it was not Grogan, yet during t the'rest of. that night I could think-of I nothing but him. It was certainly a I renidrkable' likeness, anyway; and the E more I thought the more vividly came S backl mymemory of the times in the goldfield; and Jim Burrows and his'l claimn, and of Grogan and his partner. l Days passed, and the little incident be. 1 gan to have less Interest for me. But one day, perhaps a week later, I I was driving near the Marble Arch, I when who should I see but my fare I walking along towards the gates. 1 1 looked at him intently, and now I felt sure that I had made no mistake. II whipped off the box, caught hold of a c newspaper boy, told him to look after my horse's head, and the next moment had turned and followed the man. I t reachelshim in a few strides, passed I him,fa td about and looked hir square. Yes, I?as he-there was nOjlllstaking 3 ? is tin'e. It was Grogan, and as t I look at him I saw his face turn pale I amdhI~ifa d?? drop. S o"Col rogan," said I, "it's you after t 'ell, I suppose that now you are a man, you have forgotten r your-o lC?m anions of the diggings- 3 He ped, and I saw him turn as if about to run, but I caught his arm and t held bhim. IIe looked around hurriedly. a "What do you want with me?" he said t in thick.tones. "Shure, and what do I you want to talk to me about diggings for?" Ills eye ran rapidly over my cos tume, and lighted on the metal badge which dangled from my buttonhole. "Ah, yes," he said, "I remember. You have your cab here?" I jerked my thumb over my shoulder. "You will drive me to my club?" I nodded. "And," said he, "I will tell you all." I I said no more, and in a few minutes ' I was driving my old companion" of the a mines to his club. ' "You will come inside?" said Grogan, a when he had alighted. s "I dan't leave the cab," said I; "but"- and I looked him squarely in theface- i "I will takiolt to the yard, and will join c you In ten nilnutes." : II And did, and in a luarter of an hour C or less was'seated with' Grogan in a private room, and-listening to one of the: most outlandish: stories that ever I had .C heard. - Grogan started off by remind: s ing me of the disappearance of Jim Bur- c rows from the settlement. "And," continued he, "I know very well that some of the boys thought that I I had had a hand In his disappearance. Let ihe tell you straight now that there s was nothing of that sort of thing. Jim was gone one morning when I woke up, and I thought that he had gone down to the village. What else could I think of? I waited two days for him, as you know, and be didn't turn up. I came down to the village, and he wasn't there. Where was he? Nobody could tell me. I went back to the claim and I worked it. I worked it for nine months, and you left, I think,just before I did-just before I sold the property and came to England. But let me tell you what I did. I made one hundred and fifty thousand pounds out of that claim, and my first action when I got to England was to put seventy-five thou sand pounds aside." " "What for?" I interrupted. T "For Jim Burrows, and I will tell you 7 why. Because exactly one year to the very day on which Jim Burrows left me. I saw him come straight Into my I room, sit down before me, and talk to ii me just as he did on the night he left t mue. Terrified? Shure, and I was that, for I thought it was.a ghost before me. Jim spoke to me, asked me about the I claim, and then he spoke up, and told it me that half belonged to him, and I said a yes, it did. 'And you will keep it for f me?' said Jim; and I promised him I would. - Promised him, I say; but it a was a ghost I was speaking to. I know t it was aghost, for I could see through f him; and-though I heard his voice, it seemed to come to me from the air, and t not from human lips. When I went over. to him-to see whether I- was right or not, Jim Burrows had vanished. "Now, you will laugh at me, perhaps, and think that I have been brooding r over Jim's. disappearance so much that r my brain has gone a bit; but exactly one I year from that very night I was in Paris. I was walking down the Champs Elysees, when suddenly'l found some one walking beside me, and heard a voice in my ear. It was the voice of Jim Burrows. 'You have not forgot-, f ten,""said he, "that half that claim is ' mine? You. will keep it- for me, won't ybu, old man?' 'I will keep It for you,' I said; and then we got into a crowd, and I saw no more of him. That very night, when I got home, I drew out my cheque-hook, and I wrote out a cheque, payableto the order of James Burrows, t for seventy-five thousanud pounds, and,. see here;" and Grogan pulled out his pocket-book and extracted from it a slip of Ipape; which he handed to me. It w.s a checque made payable to the order of James Bur-ows for the sum of t seventy five thousand pounds. "Ws he will come for it, God knoW I have tried every means in my power -Yfind out something about him, n who'h~ l~t are, butI can't. Over in Canada, every commiestoner, every I sheirlff on.th!-tlDgings has got my ad- i dress5'Sttd if Jim BIurrows comes back- vwell,there's his money." This was, indeed, a peculiar tale. but I more was to follow; and here I put it on record that Grogan acted townards me like the gentleman I did not think he was. Seventy-five thoustand pounds is not a heap of money in these days of millionaires; but Grogan had Invested his well, and was in business, and I threw up my cabbing and ivent in with him, and I changed my opinion of him right away. About six mouths passed, and the month of June arrived. Grogan came into the ofl0e on the morning of the sixth tinay, and asked me to folldw him. I went Into his private room; and we sat down. The door was closed, and then Grogan spoke: "Do you know what the Ith of June is?" asked he. ".The 6th of June," I replied. "And do you know what the :th of June was four years ago?" I pondered for a moument, and then re membered. "Yes, the day when Jim Burrows dis appealred." "That's why I have called you -in,"' said he, "because I feel as certain as I am sitting here that -'" , There was a knock at the door, and in 1 answi-r to the peremptorylT "Come in," a clerk appeared. " "A gentlemnn to see you, sir'." "I am letoo busy to see any one," said (:roglan. "But stay-who is he?"' "Ite will not give his name, sir. He wanits to see you on prlvate business." Grogan looke-d up, and his gaze was fixed on me. "Cans it be?" he mutttered and then I taming i tlhe clerk, said, in a loud i vOi(e, "SIhowI- him in;" ainl the niext I moment ithere waiked into our presencet SJiml Burrows in the flesh - no ghost; tand as he eclne I saw no shiver or stirt ott the fiace of Grogaun. I simply saw him take out his pocket-book, extract the cheque, and. while Jim Burrows was holding out his hand and saying, "Shake, old. pardner,". Grogan shook his hand, and between them they clasped a cheque - for seventy - live thousand pounds. "What's this'" said Jim. "Your share of the claim, Jim." "What! the claim up In Canada'?" "Yes-seventy-five thousand pounds. We cleared a hundred, and fifty thou sand out of it. We went in partners, and thereis your share." Jim looked bewildered, and ran his fingers through his hair. "I don't understand," he said, "what it all means. I deserted you because do you know why, Grogan?--Ifound a claim better than ours,-and I went up over the hills to work it. I deserted you because I had found another'El Dorado, and I didn't want you to share In it; but I'went there without food, and though I worked and worked, what could the color bring me?.: Only the sight of wealth, but not a speck'of food. For three days I worked like a madman, digging out great nuggets of the stuff and lying them around. Then I really went'mad - mad with hunger. and I wandered off south trying to find you trying to find the village; and I remem ber no more until a few weeks ago, when I found myself.in a madhouse in San Francisco, and they told me that I was known as the mad tramp, who had walked all over the States, and who had come to San Francisco. "They locked me up, and there I re malaed all those years, until my reason came back and I remembered all. What did I do? Straight back to Canada I went, to find our old village deserted, the claims exhausted, everybody gone. Then I thought of the El Dorado I had discovered, and which I had deserted you for. I got up a caravan and went to search for it, and though I searched for it day.in and day out I could not get a sight of it, for I had forgotten where it was. And I came south again, and as luck would have it, I came on a mining camp, and they told me all about you and where I should find you. I came straight here to ask your forgive ness for deserting you as I did, and this- this"-he looked at the cheque, and I saw his eyes were swimming with tears-"this is what you do:"-"Weekly Budget." 