IN THE CRIP OF HATE. I BY A. W. MAROHMONr. ^ Anchor cf ' By Right o! Bword,' ' A Heri Uj»-) of IVni,' ' Wlr J&2ray'i Wile,' ' The M tiUrv ol Mortimjra Strang,' 1 1 13y Wbcae Hand f ' ' The Old Hill M.M'.ery,' ' Miser Hoadlej'a B&cret;,' etc., etc, coPYBianr. OHAlTEB XVI. (Ooktikusd), — AT DKaiJ OK NIGHT. Colrccl Boca ilaycd with hil wife Uatil she had fallen ailiep and tbe reit of thtj hoaiehold had gone lo bed, and then crept dowQitaln to wait until it wu aits to carry oat the plan he bai formed, Mercy had brcn heard to csmplatn cnorB than onoe of ile- plerintBS , and bli scheme had been tour.drd on that, bhc ahcald ilcep that nlpbt at any rate. j Hp bad driven into Pentbam that nom-l irg a-d bad pcrcbaifd a bottle cf chloral I far Mercy. He bad had her name pnt on it ; and had ipokon freely of thn ilPcpltBlDOM 1 which was n-jdermlning ber health. The chemiit had been very particular In hit In- I «troc'ior:i ai to tbe duie, and the Colonel 1 had listened with iqnal care, ! ' I will tell ber to be carefal, But ahe will he. Bbe li most cantious at all time! and, thanking the cbemiit, he bod oone Eli plan wai simplicity itself, A aleep ha peraan natorally takes aa opiate ; nothing more ratnral, therefore, than that lhe ihocld aik blm to buy ber aomething , when be drove Into Fentham, What waa a , aafe doie for one person wai a death mixture for another. Bat he wis Dot inch a clumsy operator aa to overdo the thiog, He tiad landmum in bla own roomi ; a small - quantlt-. of tbli added lo a very alight over dcafi cf tbe cbloral, and all the facta to foslid a death by mliadventnre were ready. The only ttlng needed was the oppor tunity for administering it. He was re solved it should be that eight, He wai not Bit*? while she retsalaed to thwart acd beard blm tt every torn, and when be found her and the wsmtn together at tho co'-tage tbe sharpest spur waa added to bis bnte. With bla fool of b wife be could do anything, he rrckonrd, Nhe would believe anything be 1 choie to tell ber ; bnt wita tbe girl about j and In direct csmmbninatlon with tbe woman beraelf, there might be genuine danger. It was quite pcsilble tbat she w.mld communicate either with Mervyn Bbodei or with the lawyer, Mnryrave, and bring one or both cf them down cpan blm, I There waa her share of the fortune, more over. Had Bhe chosen to marry Jnan, all wculd bave been well, and tho money would hare eomo ta the bandi that by right ihonld poiiesi It. It w»r only by an accident that it bad ever guac oat of tbem ; acd tboi he bated tbe jrirl with the lntccilty cf a des perate piaslon, Bhe waa an Interloper, a thief — an nncomcloOB thief, ptrhapf, but none the Itbi a thief — and she onght at least to bave bcrn willing to mike reitltc Llon. Aa Bb b wculd cot sbe muit take thn of the money would instantly revert to her mother. Bat hli hale at her waa the con trolling motlvs. R*. longtd to know she wai dead and ablo lo trsuble blm no more. Be lat for an hour or two watching the clock with a heavy, dogged, haggard look tbat gave the handaome face an eTil rx preiilon, bb be revolved all thete thongbta acd pondered tbe detalli of his icbtme and waltrd far tbe hoar to Itrlke that he thought would be tafe. There might be one critical mlnnte, he knew, Hii intootion w»i first to partially itoprfy the plrl with chit roform, putting a dregged hannkorchinf lo her face ai she alept, and be knew tbat the moment when the opiate began to take rflect m'gbt be a nimcalt one ene wonii pronatjiy wake, and potribly either struggle or icrean, He was preptred far it, however, and ready to nae inch force aa might be nroeiiary, As aeon as be bad overcome ber, he woo d force the opiate down ber throat, and leave the partly nsed drug with her Datae on tbe battle and tbe glaji from whlcb ibe had dru&k; It on the table by ber bedilde, Tbe whole would Mem perfectly com patible with an ordinary caie cf accidental death. When the clock balf-pait one, be roie. 1 Bbe would be in tbe middle of tho first and deeppit ileep of the nl^ht, Oppnicg thB doer noljclesily be went ont and crept slowly and Healthily up the broad ?talrcise to Hircy'i room. CHAPTEB XVII. —IN THE TOILB, All the boon was as still and qalet ai thB grave, lave for tbe ticking of the groat ball clock ; th^ morning light, itreamlog through tbe glaJi dome at tbe top of tb^ iqaare stair case, gave weird effects of light and shade, and tbn Doiia of the wind and sra aonnded drear and manrnfcl. Mercy'i rcojis lay apart from the rest in mid- In the Oonrt from tlm? to timp, and ibere wai not a chauca of the Oolonel'a foot ftlls on ibe 10ft, thick stair carpet being At the door be stopped, acd stooping down put hli car to the keyhole and lliUned. Not a icund. With an infinitely gf-ntle touch he inrned the hindla and presipd it inward. Tbe door wai locked. But the fact pleaaed He had foreseen tbe need to be prepared for tb I b Ho hlmielf had cboten tbii room tar tbe glrJ, and had bad fitted to tbe dose a lever arrangement by which tbat part of t fa n door poit Into wbioh the boltcf the lock operated from ontaldc. It wai ai neoestary to bli plani that anyone Bleeping In the rcorc ihoald be able to feel themi^lvei i' cure ai It wai tbat he should be able to ee'er the room ncder tbe clrcnmitancei He had, tcoreovrr, taken crery care to aoe tbat ttr logenlcui mechanism was in perfect A tcorh of tbe hidden lever on tbe on tilde wai eoocgh. jmtactly and without tbe lea-t nolio he felt the door yield aa he held 1', and a moment later he was Inside the He itocd for a moment to make sore that tbn g'r! bad betrd oofbtcg; bet all wai 1 quit- itlll, aave for tbe rattling cuement. Hu crnpt acron the room to the bud, drawing rut hli fcandkrrcbief acd the phial of chlorcform for the flrit part of the grim There were cnrlaici to tbe bead of tbe bci, and before drawing thrm bock he Then,wlthaitialtbyandiofinltiiycatitioni hand, he pulled back the cnrLain and bent ovrr tbe bed , Itwanimpty? And in hli icrpriie he at pp»d hick quickly, and his fo:t strurk the leg of a small table itandlDg by the bed ? ld-', and caused a gUis and water-bottle Tbe nolio was iMght, bnt enough to ronss klercy. who bad fallen Into a light doie In ber cbalr by the wlLdow. Bbe itarUid and wkr, Tbe air ffomtbe window, whlcb was ? lightly cpBH at tbe top, piuBed a draught from the do:r, and looking round (he saw It She Jumped to her feet, and with a heart cramp of fear tried to call oat. fe'at a sound fBsi^d ber If pi. Then the caught sight of tbe fi(n-re by the bed, bet did cot rocognlse it In the dlen, ucnprtaiu light. Her fear became almoat a paralyilB. Tbe remembrance of tbe myB terli'Ci foTtB'.r^js ibe and Lalla bad brard flatbed Into her tbcngbt*, and she believed for a tnrmrDt that wb«.t ybr i^w wai a ghost. Bhe witubed it, faicloitad with borror, and too hysterical to get a coherent Bound from hnr lips, H»r eyei followed every movement until she saw the flgnra eH 4 e acrcBi the room to tbe dear, which seemed to olojfl behind It ai nolielesily as tboDgb the whole were a fljlon. Wlib the dluppearacpa of tb^ flgnre Mercy reiovered ber voice, and ruihlrg ta the door and finding it looked and halted as Bhe herself bad faateacd It, abe sent np acre*® after scream for help, at with byi tertcal haste sbe tore back Iob heavy bolt 1 and tbe laek, and then fell halfHwoonlng j with terror upon tbe floor. The flrit to como were tbe two Indian lervanti, L atlufollowiog clcie behind them, Tbey lifted ber, ba'f nnoonidcni on lo the bed. and, when she was rrcoverirg, her [ mother and the Oclonel and Jean came. | ' Wbll'l tbe matter aikod Oo'o?el Hnea. ' Who bai boen ;?ra*njlng r ,E»i anything happ1 pod ?' 'Itli Mercy,' paid Lallc, 'Wo foued her lying on tho floor juat inside b»r roam half. fainting.' ' Oh djar, oh df|r,' cried MnBoea, hear Irg thli. ' And here »b are ml!ei from the doctor. Oh, this dreadful bcuwC'and abe ruahen ^?'^fJciIly to the bed-iidt', 'If it' Ib anj't-'lDe icrloni;' laid the Oolouel, readily, ' I will drive 6? once for a Bnt it was (son apparent that there wis nothing more serious than a very aercre fright. Gradually Mercy regilned oora posare, tbongb she frightened her mother , nearly ont ot ber wlta acveral timrB by clntchlng her suddenly and declaring with a half-icream ibe could still aee a fignte mcrlng where tbe reit knew there was nothing bnt empty apace. When abe bad grown calm ennogh to explain what fcad happened ehe told tbe itory In 1 1 1 tl r j.irki of rarratlre, all those who were in thn room JiiteDing with absorbed interest Mrs fisca and Lalln were tho mmt afiectfd, and the former loosed the Oolonel'a anger by the persUt«ccy with which aha used (he on cation to acpeptuAte Jut own mrvcui alar mi, ' Idercy moat bave fallen aileep by the window,' be aald — 'though why on earth she sboold want to get out of bed In order to sleep In a choir 1 can't noderitand— acd have had one cf those exceedingly vivid dreams which her Imagination creates,' ' It was co drt-am,' cxclolmod Keiey. ' 1 ''Uutyossay the door waa Locked and boiled, child,' aald bet mother. ''Are jou ' Qalte, 1 remember bolting it — ?! alwayi do — and I ruoembcr tearing at the bolt just now when tbe figure had Tonished.' ' 1 think It is time you aaw a dootcr,' declared the Colonel. 'Bat the but thing you can do cow !i to get off to aloep again aa fait as yon can, and wait until daylight h b1 pi yon to langh at your dream.' ' I will ctver be alone again at night In thli heme,' cried Mercy, gating abaut ber, and trembling violently with fright. ' I will Hay wlih you,' said Lai Is, readily, 'and Ab Bar will Bleep outside the door,' 1 The OoZonel at Ont cppsiad thli aa nonaense, , and aald tbe man ought not to be robbed of I bis rest ; b't a ward from Lalln wai cnongb, I and tbe Indian could cot be tcrned from tbe I When the others hal gone and the two girli were alone, Lalln made ttercy detcribe to ber the whole Incident in the fulleat pot aible drtail, and during thB telling pat ques tion after questiac upon b If manner of pole's bearing upon the supposed supernatural character of the vlilt. Tbe Indlin flrl was (nil ol nperititioas fears acd beliefs to tho finger tips, and de clared tbat sbe knew ct her own knowledge that tbe spirits si tbe dead reviilted the earth ; and the bega.n to relate weird and ghastly experience* of a blood-chilling character, until Utrcy had to beg her to desist. 'There li a curiam smell In tbe room,' said L-lln more than once. ' 1 oau't under stand it,' ' 1 noticed It b:fore— when that horrible thing wai hert,' aald Horey. It wai a faint scent of druga ; ind Lallc got oat of bed found nothing ; and loon afterwards tbe two girli fell asleep in each c'her's arms, In tbe marclcg Mercy was fouud better, Tbe anxiety and fright had preyed upon ber, acd abe waa allll looking ill and ioared« but Bhe wai able to thlokof the occurrence calmly, acd to perauade herself tbat it had here co more than a very vivid dream, in wblcb abe bad kft ber bed. And gradu ally she urn) to Btnile at bereeif for ber Bat when the wai drenlng, and Lalln had gone lo her qwq room, ib' id ide a discovery. Throwing back the bedclothes Bbe foand the cauae of the faint Bmell Lhatbad puttied ber and Lalln. In the bed waa a handkerchief, italned Bomewbat, bat illll retaining the reUci of tbe faint icent. Acd Uercy detested the scent directly. It waa chloroform ; and the banderchlef was marked with Oolonel Rooa'a name. \- Hnw could It pssiibly have come into ber bed ? Who had bi*en oi'ing chloroform, and for what parpoae, In her room 7 There wai tbe chance that It might have been brought there when they cam? crowding intc the room. But there was also another sagReBUon that n;ade ber heart bcatfu', and set ber shrinking with a freih ehlll of fear , Had it, after all, been no more than a dream or a vlalon ? Yet her door had been locked and bo'ipd. Gould there be iodp secret entrance? No; ibo thing was im poaalble. Someone must have bronght the | handkerchief Into tbn roam after Bhe bad Bhe wauld Wfcit acd mike an inquiry. good morning, another icrpriie was in B'orc. After having kissed tbe girl and made bcc'j ot ber, aaylng bow pale ahe loaked, ber tnothBr ? vid ; 'I'm afraid you're not so earefal as yon naed to be, lierey drar. and laitnlght nearlv made a mlitake, Here's 3our chloral l-fc In cay roars, and 1 w»b very near taking a dote by acoldcut. I wish you'd carry It to your room, though I do hope you're not going to take tn cplatei ' 'My choral?' qneitioned Idercy, in lur 'Yea. dear, yonr name's on the label, From, Hunt's, at Penthim.' Mercy Btired at the came In bewilderment. Then with an effort ahi colUcted bfr tboagbts, and laid it cujtbt not to bare been lpft there, and ihe would take It sp to her When ehe reached there, she sat down a mlcu'e to think. Was ahc going mad 1 Had ahe bought this stuff and forgotten all abaut 1' J Had she been nilng chloroform, and forgotten It, to drag here If into sleep becsnia her hrala wai tired ? Or was it all part of boo? deiperate scheme agilnat brr 1 When Bhe went downs tmintbeoLhers were I at breakfast, and the Oolonel, wbo bad heard from his wile that the bottle had been given ta tbe girl, said carnally! ' By tbe wav, Mercy, when I wu over at Pentham yesterday I was in Hunt's tbe He advlit'd a mild doso of cbloral now and then , ao I brought a little f Jr you ' ' Thank yon lint wbo elio in Ibe hoflae wantj it ? I see someone bai bad a dose of ' 1 ' No, crtalnly not. Your mother 1 made a mlitake la the night and upset a 1 little of i'.' Mrrcv felt toa l'l to prolong the eonveria tlon or proy ki any dispute, hut tbe falie the entire lonldent ot thi night before took a freib form in ber tboagbts. Bhe keep brooding over It at intervals daring tbe day, and trying to diclde upon soma definite course of action. Her mother remained toa ill and CHrvoas to be told even about the Btalement ot tbe woman in the cottage ; and the day b'ougbt another reaion for alienee, moreover. M»i of went twico to tbe woman's cottsgr, and foand It shct cp and apparently dels rted. (To as CoNTikuzn Vkxt Hatdbday,) 