are not hghtsof lite'and 'ehaSowB of thie heart. To each human1 consciousness it appeals in alternating mirth and sadness, ana will not be denied. -JJrr itmust, for it ^ human, but being human, it jmufst endure, T he ^ feeble howl with toe. wolves, bray, asses, and bleat witli'the sheep.' ■ Whether life is worth living depends a good deal - on whether you thinkit is or not..-. ' . The editor, of a paper in Georgia, an nounces that in payment :of-, subscriptions he is willing to accept 'tany'"digestible fruit, except codfash and grindstones." # The open animosity of hatred often in jures us less than the apparent kindness of friendship. . . He—"Almost any man will admit'that he - has. made -mistakes." ■ She—"Yes^-exeept when lie makes . them." i Mr. Cliipps (looking up from the paper)—• "The doctors have' discovered '.another.- new, disease." Mrs. _ Chipps—"Well, I wish they'd stop looking for- new diseases long enough to find a cure for my old rheuma tism. "Yes,_ I'm better—I've stopped taking medicine." "What lias helped you so sud denly?" "My doctor sent in his yearly ac count." The general opinion- that the. novice cyclist- wants the earth is an altogether mistaken one.^.The trouble'is that the earth wants liim, and is sure to get him, too oftener than is good for' the enamel on his new bicycle and the skin on his knees and elbows. May—"Do you suppose Belle will buy that bonnet she was speaking to us about? Blanche—"I think so; she said she couldn't afl'ord it." There is nothing more disconcerting t-Iian . to know that some one else knows that we don't know what we ought to know. It's a good tiling for humanity that babies can't say what they think when cutting teeth. The Butler—"Hevery night, at the hour of midnight, the ghost liappears,and groans, and wrings his ands." Tourist'—"All, ho must have died in the cucumber season." Mrs. Y.—"My daughter is a promising young musician." Mr. (J.—"Well, get her io promise that she won't sing any more." Hicks—"That- was Mr. Blank. . (strange yon didn't know him. His picture has been in all the papei-e." Wicks—"That was pro bably the reason why 1 didn't recognise him." Clergyman (making a call)—"And do you always di) ;ls your mamma tells you, Flossie?"' Flossie (emphatically)—"I do, and so does papa." At 110 time, said the philosopher, is a man so willing to take the burden from the weak shoulders of frail woman as when slu; is harassed with the care of a large and pay ing properly. What are the aims which are at the same . time duties? They are the perfecting of our selves, the happiness of others. Dun 1 ley (w ho has been asked- to carve the duck", and is meeting with poor success)— "Whew!" Landlady — "Isn't the knife sham,• Mr. Dumley? 1 had it ground to day." Dumley—"'llie knife is all right, Mrs. llenrieks; you ought to have had the duek ground." A Speedv Recovery.—Jimmy— Are you hack to school already? 1 thought you were good for three or four days. Tommy— "Well, me mother wouldn't let me go out, even after 3 o'clock. Might as well he in a hospital." "How do you know he isn't a University man?" "He had two opportunities to say 'Varsity' while 1 was talking to him, and he didii't do it either time." The mind grows narrow in proportion as the soul grows corrupt. , , True merit, hkc a river, the deeper it is the less noise it makes. "Do you think that stimulants would hurt me, doctor?" "Not if you leave them alcne." 