A GRE-AT:-WRONG;i OR, THE kI1SXTERY OF BLACK e HOLLOW{' GRIANGE. CHAPTEIR XIIL-(CoccncnED.) r " What eall I say to him ?" she whispers. "How shall I tell Ambroep' when d comes?" The old father waits impatiently fora few monoento; and, receiving no answer, be boonds op the stairs. Maud meets him 'atn the dloor, and het white face startles him as if it were e ghost. "'What is it "he questions. "Is the little lass ill?" little Then he sees the open window, and the drifting snow, and stands silent and aghast. t "Father. the window was open when d I came up,"' falter ooor MLand. "Isabel ha h gone." "Gonel" he repeets. "Gone where? t ot out in this storm, nas l" - Maud makes no answer; she only leoks at E him, her eyes full of onutterahb!le pain and pity. Something in the look mnakes te old fatherstat., and drives the color from his I taddy cheek. "You don't mean to say-you don't think," he stammers, putting his hand to his lhad, like one bewildered. Then be rushes to the open s·ement. and lookingout, sees the torn and trailing vice. A hmrnee, Iitiful cry escapts him. lie turns to Mlaud tuin.tinvle .. ... S..Maaidlee, -Mu,.; dlon't tell me 'tis ano". he falters; "it can't be, child ! Wnr. she wasin ber weddnri clotihs. She wuuldn't hare left her oil father eo. 2;, no ; come, Maud, we'll find here. Come. laes 1" He rushes down the stairs, and Ma3u follows, through tlhe room, filied with tussie and dancing, out into the wild winter eight. "Come, loao," he repoat', lending on to. ward the stables,and Unul, luelluws, her black hairall wreathled with sorw. A stable boy com'rs out with a lantern in his hand. "Huits young Mr. harlowe gone, mny ld I" leuands tile s?uire, ruigl?giug vainly tokeep its raicrr steady. "Ac, sir-gone this hcar, mehbe 1" "Yen sv' imr go, tirhe, n" "Ay, sir," with a grin, and a knowing leer. Tie old man hecilnaro, and brrathes last and hanl; at last he ruips out the qua lion. " Did any one e, with hit. Tim I" T,m i.ksa the reu·w out of his eyes, and wears an innocent face. " Yes, squire, he took a lady with him 1" te answur . There is a dead silence for a full minute, then the. squire turns fireccly on his laughter. "It is true, Manod," he peops, hie voice thick and h,nsee; "-he Irhas rried hier off. Cuuse hir. and cure,' her!' - SOh. tarner.luhl I" rentreats laod. cling inlg to Ifrs arm. liBut he throws er eloff, his etys rlariey, his chest heaving. his face srollen and purple. 'Curse him I" he repealts, husily. " liHe hr.s stlen her from me, my inno.ernidarlinrr, be will bring her to shamne and sorrow-. Go and fetch her back. laud. I say; follow them, and fetch the little one home.' ' Tire words die in inarticulate grope, hIe pulis fiercely at his cellar as if it Cl,,hnal him. then throws up his two harns,. and fails like a log, face downward, in the drifts. - CHAPTER XIV, THE F'AITIIFUL DOG, Dfay dawn.' ever tirhe white, ilghland hills. and over theirttid wb 'Meonr!nloe. T:e fierce winds deae.e.ridei.d: tlesnow las coxedu and the vky breaks out here End there in clear, op:lire rifts. Time Iliehlnnde.e, who have scoured the hillpaths throurgh all the terrib:e niht bouts. cluster about thie hge fire in the farm house kitchen, with awed faces and silent lips ; even tie plnting log, stretcherd hef.re tire hearth, look up with wistful, syrmpathis ing eyes. A great calamity has fallen upon the hitherto hbppy occupants ef the old hrm b,,use. Little Isabel is gone. and in the neat room, where the curtains are drawn, and silence reigns, her fond old father lies dying. Maud sits at his pillow, white and calm moistening his livid lies.countine his labored .rerrrobs breathlngs ; and In tre neat rom, the faded wedding grlandis bang, and the remnants of the wedding supper are still risible. A couple of neighboring farmers have cone in search of Isabel, with small hope, however, of finding her; and of Ambrnse, the bridegroom, no tidings can be gained. Tie Highland lads, and their trained dogs, have scoured the country for miles, hut with. out succss. There is no trace of Ambrose since he parted with his mother at the cot. alge door. And she, poor woman, is beside herself with grief, and had to be restrained from rushing out into the drifts to follow her hulband, who has gone in search of Ambrose with a fresh party. SShe sits in a corner, wringing her hands, and rocking herself to and fro, and complaining inces santly: "My brave, handsome boyl mydarling Ambroe I Only to think of him lying under the drifts, stark and cold I" M-anwhile the father and his party are :ronring every inch of land between the cot toge and the F'elide. but so far withoutsuc enMs. They pause now, as the red sun comes soaring up on the wild hill-range beyond which the haunted manor lies, worn out by their long tramp, and utterly dis. heartened. The father breaksout into a series of heart broken moans, and his grief nomans his com rades. "Come, come, neighbor, keep heartl' cries one of the party. " It is not as bad wi' you as them at the Fellside farm-the squire nrdyin' and the lass gone off to her ruin I lWe may stumhleon:the.lad yet. Was he willing to the marriage, and full fond o' the lase, think yeJ" "Well, he wasn't o'er eager, that's a fact. The match were o' the dame's making from first to last; but Ambrose was fond o' Isabel, and she were a likely lassie, and if ye knew my soen, mates, ye wouldn't think him thbs mO to back out, and leaveb his bride a waiting on her wedding-night, no matter what sh'd do P' "Nay, nay ;.we all know that, neighbor. Bet whatcan ha' become o' thelad? He can't be ender the drifts, and the dogs miss him." " o no; they'd a dog him out long ago'," flerhart makes 'answer. " But look ye at that dog yonder, and hark ye whata cry he gives; and be did the same thing when we passed that place before-thelads own dog, too, as slept at his feet evcry blessed night. Cmeads, whatd ecet mean '" He points acreoss the hills, and they all see the gray dog that was the special pet and ifavrorite of Ambrose scundding through the ;Black Hollow, and making a straight line 'far the hannted bonse. He darts along through the drifts, his nnn to the ground, a enurious, whining cry escaping him as he The men stand and watch him, and Spallid awe stsals over their rdegh faces. " What does it mean 1" they. whispar one onnotlrer. "iarrey tae?ran canna'be en that hoee-" - . Gerhart's face grows very white and his lips twitch nerrouslly. "Not unelso he was decoyed.there for some fun. p..ii .se. he an .rs. T.er, wih. * hbir - rzn.ig thtr .hal.l his strong limbs, 'Heayen haove us, neiganos, te break.out," the old manor were all alive last night, a thing that hasn't happened for They stand shuddering and silent. .Gerhart watches the dog with anxious eyes. HIe runs on aero?s the grounds, throuah the gate, and up the terrace steps; then ho pauses and looks backt with a cry that awacnCu a hundred echoes amid the snowy hills. " Hark ye, mates, he is calling us." whis. pers Gerhart '" Ie's struck tie latl's trail. Look, he's across the terrace now and on the door.steps, and hark ye what a cry I The very cry he gives when he finds a lamb in the snow I Mates." and he turns upon them with a white, awe-stricken, face, " ye ha' been friendly wi' me in my trouble, andr'm not ungrateful. Get ye home, now, and ye can say to the missus ss I'm gone to follow the dog." lie turns from them, and rushes headlong down thle hill path. They follow him to a man. "t Wait a bit, Donald," they shout, simul. I taneously. " D'ye think we'd lt ye face the I danger alone? Wait. man, we'll go a breast, and if harm comes, let it come to all.?' iHe turns and grips hand after hand in grim silence. Then they go tramping on side by c yown the path, across the Black Hollow, where the murdered lady's grave-stone arises pale and spectral above the drilted snow, up the cliff, and across the grounds to the terrace I steps. The dog sees them coming, and flies down to meet them, uttering cries of joy and fawning at his master's feet. " What is it, moy brave dog? Haveye fiound him '" asks Donald. \- Tihe creature looks up, his eyes shining ideh: an inielligence' almost human; then, with a ,pliintive cry, he darts away. The dog bounds onward, closely followed by the men, and does not halt until he comes toan spectral figure recumbent on the A land bark and an almost natural impression of pain call the attention of the men to the motions of the intelihgent aninml. Presently they come up, and a strange sight meets their eyes. Tlie body of a young man lies prostrate before them, his npturned face ghastly in the a intry light, his mannly lips rigid, a pool ot blood stainining the snow beneath his rightt side. Thus they find Ambrose, the handsome bri legr om. A rad litter is hastily constructed, and with all possible speed they get him from the accursed place, and bear him across the snowy hills to his fathers cottage - dead as they believe him-fou:ly murdered at the Haunted Manor on his wedding- night. CIIAPTItR XV - BLESSED IS TIHE RIDS WHOM THE SUN Sul.VF o\\. London looks its dreariest this wintry morning. Smoke and yellow fog hang over crerythag like a pall ; the gas-lamps, still burning, althugh it is high noon, flare and dlimmerin theraw wind, and the incessant winter rain beats against tile window at which Isabet stands-a forlora little figure to look at; her pretty child's face pale with weariness, the white silk bridal dress all soi:ed and'crumpled; and she is nota bride yet. Thecold was so bitter,driftedsnow sodeep, that Arthur decided to make no stop, so they have travelled day and night to London. lie has gone off somewhere to make arrangements for their marriage, and to draw on his banker for money, and Isabel is alone. She stands at the window of the secluded lodging-house and looksdown upon the flaring lamps, and the dismal streetsl, and the bedraggled passengers, with cruel pain at her youngheart. She has never seen London before, and this first glimpse of it is unutterably wretched. She thinks of the cheery old homs amid the Scottish valleys,of the glow.. ing fireside, her fnther sitting in his great chair, and 3Maud at her little sewing stand, Do they miss her, she wonders Will they ever forgive her and lore her again? Tho door opens and the landlady looks in. "Well, my dear," she begins, fluttering back her pink cap ribbons, "how eae you nowrl Not a-cryin', surely? Why, that'll never do. You'll spilte your eyes and look quite a fright when the gentleman gets back. A fair-spoken gentleman he'pears to he, too, and nota bit close, which he paid me down in advance, and two shillin' u. r and above mycharge, an' then put his pulse-an' it a crrmmin' wi' Bank o' Ilenglaud bills- in my Belindy Jane's han-is and sent her out to hy your outlit, miss, with orders to buy the best of everything, and not to spare change, whico I hope he means honest by you, miss; othtrowac I should feel unwilling to have you under my roof." Isabel tarns round at last, with wide, tear filled eyes. llWhat did you say, madame ?"she falters. " I don't think I quite understand you:'." Mrs. Hobbs makes her pink streamers in her virtuous excitement. " I say, miss. as I hope as this young gentleman meanse to act honestly by yea." autalucs eve wamenanon er i:,.- qiltaver i-ke a child's, but in her trustful iana.c.nce she does not fully comprehenal tie: laillady's meaning. She turns lacik to the window. and down below, and anult the smoke and rain, she sees her lover. A glad cry breaks from her lips and her eyes light with rap ture. In another minute he is at the door, and she flies to welcome him. "Arthur, Arthur, I hae beenso wretched I ^m so glad you have come " He clasps her close, looking down upon the slim, disheveled figure I" "NLever mind,love, I shall not leave you again," he says, soothingly. "My arrange ments are all made, and here comes the young woman with your outfit. Nothing remains to be done now but to get yourself ready and drive with me to church. Before this beastly day ends, yon will be my wile. and to-morrow morning, if I receive an answer to my message, we will start for Marlowe Hall." The landlady draws a long breath of re lief. "I'm glad to haryou'snay the same, sir," she puts in,poshing up in front of the young couple, " tough I was satisfied you meant her fair and honest." The baronet's son ilences her with asingle flash of his handsome eyes. " That will do, Mrs. Hobbs, thanking you all the same for your good intentions," ha ayfs, haughtily. "Please have the goodness to assist your daughter in unwrapping her purchases, rnd when we're selected a suit able outfit, I'11 trouble you to help this lady with her toilet. A good deal cut, the landlady compresses bhrlips and makes haste to assist Belindy Jsane, who comes in, panting under the weight of her packages. Meaunwhile while Arthur takes a pretty casket from his bosom, and turns to Isabel. "Look, dearest, here is you bridal present," bhe says, displaying an exquisite set of pearls and diamonds, "and here is your wedding ring, the mystic little circle that will mate os two one." Isabel srerams nod claps her hands like a child: "Oh, now lovely I Oh, it hfaudio could see th,.m I Arthur, Arthur, how good you areto me ". He'smiles with pleased.admiration. . 'rm glad yon like them dear, By and ?y. when you are Lady Marlowe, yon shall hase costlier gems and finer robes than these." " She couidn't well have finer or hand domer thn the. if yon please. sir," pt in heliedy June, pushinu npewith an open ptr .'l in her hatls. " She shaes onut a gaudy rate of flimsy sil, ;e=.grenain kun' and profusely adorned ith flashy bhiiglEs anil cktap lace. I'abel.strra with round, amazed eyes. .ile' her Ivese ewalowsw something lke it st?oon bec ? ?oianteant thaot the g and flimsy fineries purehased by Belinly Jane are utterly unsuitable for n bride. With an angry exelamatin, 'Arthllr kiae, Isabel. bees herto bhe patient forusa hour as so, and hastens from the house.. " Isabrl is still gazing from the window. two hours later. when through the heavy rain, a cab whirls up io the door. Arthur comes, and brings with him an immense covered trunk, and a small, sharp. eyed, slim-waisted French modiste." She hastens up the stairs, and flutters into the dull room lie a bird, and the great traak I follows, It is pnckel to thebrim with all aorts and shapes of dainty feminine articles on the very top a bridal dress of mouse-gray silk, with lace at the cuffs and throat, that a duchess might wear. It is brought forth, with a little gem of a hat, and tiny gloves and boots to match. and with muth chatter ing and gesticulating on the part of the enodirle, Isabel, like a second Cinderella, is relieved of her crumpled robes, and attired for her bridal. All her bright curlstare re arranged, and she smiles, and dimples, and blushes, and looks the very fairest bride in town. By and by a second carriage comes, and Arthur leads her down and seats her amid the cushions at his aide, and they are whirled away, through the rainy twilight, to the old church called St. Elfrida, and there, in the presence of pictured saints and sculptured monks, while the organ thunders, and the dreary winter night falls, they are made man I and wife. " What God hath joined together, let no man put ossunder I" At the same hour, jlst as the wintry day dies and the twilight fals, down in the oid Fellside farm-house, Squire Melvillebreathes his lat. He has never rallied from that awful shock which struck him down like a Hce opens his eyes andlolosbot him withe conscious glances, for the fist time,as the wintry sun goes down. "mMand 1" he calls. in a whisper. e She bends over him, and lays her tender band on his brow. " Staud, did they find the little lass I Did they fetch her back !" Maud crushes down a great sob. The truth must be told. "No father; they could not find her." He groans, and turns his face to the wall. When hre lol:s back again, thatgray shadow which sooner or later falls on all human aces, darlens his solemn eyes. "Poor little lss I poor foolish lamb !" he murmurs, brokeuly. "They'll break her heart I I shall neer ace her nain, MIaud- t'm going out with the wirecr day-but rou'll find her. She'll come back to you in her sorrow and shame. Poor littlelass I I cursed her in my wrath, bet I didn't mean It. Tell her, when she comes, Maud, thather old father forgave her, and blessed her with his dying brsath-my poor little tenderl lamb I" An there were his last words. When :ahe r rknem fell, aud nat alone withi her UIILr"rIt.&eL; SPIRITx D AWAY. Man and wife-Sir Hereford iMarlowe's only son and heir, and Isabel, the Scottisho hoerdsman's daughter. They leave London in the gray of nnother morning for the ancestral tan asion, Mariowe Hall. Arthur sent his message, a few hours prior to his nmarriage, informing iis i father of the step he had taken, despite I his express commands, and begging per mission to bring his wife home, with little Iope, however, of receiving any thing in replybuta repetition of his father's former decsion ; for, of all mhen, the baronet was the last one to change his mind and revoke his spoken words. Still, hoping oren against hope, Arthur sent his message, and with it s letter to his only sister, entreating her to inter cede for him and get permission for him to bring hie wife homet. When thely had, once seen his little Isgihlh fPotr suire of pardon from thergm all. And this answer comes at ten o'clock on his wedding-night, brief and to the point, only four wotds, "Bring your wife home." Arthur is fairly beside himself with rapture in his glad surprise. "" How good of them all I" he said a dozen times over. "I really did not ex pect it ; but it is Edith's work. She is my only sister, yo know, Isabel. and just the handsomest gad best girl in England. I can fancy how you will love her, little one. Happy Isabel smiles up at her hand some bridegroom, her silly heart flutter ing like a bird in lier breast at the thought of all the grandeur of the home and kin dred to which she is .going. Poor little girl, she quite forgets theold roof tree be neath wllsh her young life had passed so happily ; and sIe is not a clairvoyant to see the white face and folded hands of the aid father whose fond heart her wayward oess hs broken. Her sleep is disturbed by no remorse, no regret, and in the gray of the following morning they leave smoky London for Marlowe Hall. It is an imposinog old pile, on the sea coast of Lincolnshire, and the young I uple eachl the station,andget their first glimpse of the gray turrets in the wane of Swinter dany. " See, Isabel, little wife, yonder is four future home," cries Arthur ex "itedly,pointing across the yellow downs; "and here comes the carriage to take us there. How good my people are. Isabel, little "one, you must love them very dearly for my sake." - His handsome eyes actually fill with tears in his relief and gratitude. He is Sroinntically in love with his pretty child wife ; but it would hurt him keenly to be scorned and east off by his family and beg gared of all his splendid heritage even for her sake. Isabel looks at'the stately turrets and ivied walls glowing in the yellow light, and a little thrill of terror and misgiving stirs her heart. "I shall love them, Arthur, if they'll only let me,"sho faltered,adding, with an upturned glance of her sweet ekes, " but will they Do you think they It be sure Sto like ate, Arthur ?" He would like to take the pretty child's face in his hands and cover it with kisses, but there are loungers int and around the station, hence he refrains,and answers with tender ardor : "I do not think so-I knot so. No one on earth could help liking you, my t precious littloe wife I Have no fears, you shall be the happiest and grandest little I lady in old England." Her fsee fiuahonrosy red with joy, and her heart dances in her bosom. " Oth how much better this is," she thinks, "than marrying Ambrose, and living in that horrid Highlaud hut all mn life." "Here yoa are, HIotinge," eriei d Arthur, addressiug- a literied coachman. "A~l well at thn Hall, of course l" '" Alloll, llr. Arthur. Time coachman doffs his gold-laud hat, f the splendid carriage, all a-glittar with iithe lMarlote arms, rolls n I;the high stepping bays ars reined in. a id Ittle Itao be!, who has trOd the broun hleather all her life, is tiftol by Arthur's earessing arms, and seated on tihe ailkes cushions. Then they whltirl away, just ao the red winter sun drops out of silhl "" i continued "One swallow doeb not make a'summer," but it may hard onetrred to yea that one p esahopper makes muom then a doone v1ctngs, 