TOWN TALK Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, 'will he found od the first page of the paper. A deputation representative of the Gee long Freezing Co. waited, yesterday, with the Hon. Sidney Austin, M.L.C. (mayor of Geelong), on the Premier with regard to the question of insurance. The land, they pointed out, is held under lease from the Crown, and the Lands department claim that as at the end of the term the buildings revert to the Crown, the insur ance money in case they should be burnt down ought to go the Government. As the matter affected the Treasury they wished to consult the Treasurer on the point. Sir George Turner, in reply, said bethought if the buildings were burnt down the money should be devoted to re-erecting them." That was the attitude he would assume on the subject, as he thought it was a fair and reasonable one. Steady rain fell yesterday, and it ap pears to have been general throughout the country.' A telegram was received last evening by the Hon. S. Austin, M.L.C., conveying the welcome intelli gence that an inch and a half of rain had been registered atDubbo, in New South "Wales. Mr Lascelles, who has retnrned from th&Mallee;, gives a glowing account of the condition of the crops in that part of the colony. Heavy rains, followed by genial weather, have brought on the crops so rapidly that in some cases they are already in ear. The well-appointed steamer Warrigal, of the Lund Bine Anchor line, arrived at this port yesterday afternoon from Sydney, which place she left at 4 p.m. on Monday. The vessel, which mainly experienced fine weather after her de -parture from Sydney, took np a berth at the Yarra-street pier, and the work of transferrins about 500 bales of wool to her hold was proceeded with expedi tiously in the afternoon and evening. The Warrieal is also to ship at North Shore about S00.0 carcases of frozen mutton for the London market, the ship ment being in the interest of the Geelong Freezing Co. Messrs Strachan, Murray and Shannon are the local agents for the steamer, which is in charge of Captain A. TV. Bond, with Mr Baker as first officer. The hospitality of the mayor, Cr J. K. Grey, was extended to the members of the council and representatives of the press, subsequent to the meeting of the Newtown and Chilwell council last even ing, the table in the council chamber being laden with liquid and solid refresh ments in abundance. A very pleasant hour was spent, councillors engaging in conversational discussion after the honor ing of a few toasts." Cr Shanuon, in eulogistic terms, proposed " The health of Cr Grey," who had been elected to the mayoralty of the borough for the ninth successive year. He trusted that the coming year would he prosperous to the council and pleasant to the mayor. Cr Young, who expressed regret at his inability to attend the statutory meeting, when the election of mayor took place, heartily congratulated Cr Grey ou his re election as mayor. It would be hard for them to find any one more qualified for the position than Cr Grey, whom he wished a pleasant year of office. The mayor expressed gratification at having been honored with the renewed confidence of the council, and con cluded by proposing " The health of the town clerk, Mr Sutherland," to whom he was greatly indebted for invaluable assistance in the discharge of his mayoral duties. Mr Sutherland suits ably responded, and stated that whenever he found himself in a difficulty he. con sulted the mayor, who was always ready to give him the benefit of his advice. It was a pleasure to him to serve the council, and he strove to do bis best at all times. Cr Brown proposed " The newly-elected councillors," and responses were made l)v i Crs Young, Beales and Miles. Tbe question of an electric light service [ for Geelong was brought prominently under tbe notice of the Newtown and Chilwell council last evening, through a letter from the representative of the British Insulated "Wire Co., Ltd., asking that the necessary steps he taken to ensure their erecting works for the supply of lights for distribution of electricity in the borough, and to enable them to enter into a contract for public lighting. The mayor stated that a similar concession had been granted to another electric light syndicate, who were at work in the matter of preliminary arrangements. He advised them to defer action concerning the request in question until the succeed ing meeting of the council, when they would probably know something of the intentions of the first syndicate. This course of action was adopted. The convenience of the travelling public in the matter of better lighting facilities has been studied by Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons, who have had the steamer Edina fitted throughout with the electric light. This should greatly add to the pleasure of those patronising the vessel. : The business at the police court Tester day was of a light character, and was disposed of in short time by the presiding justices. The man Henry Drury, who was charged with grossly misconducting himself in the presence of children, was remanded for a week, on the application ofMr Jas.W;gbton,who has been retained for the defence. A woman named Elizabeth Hollingsworth, who was ar rested at Geelong "West by Constable Zimmer, wasremanded until Saturday on a charge of offensive behavior, and three children were committed to the care of the department for neglected children. Orders were also: made in several debt cases for £23 Os 3d, with £5 7s costs. The race meeting held on the 17fh ult, iu connection with the Geelong Racing Club, has resulted in a profit of £217 12s, which mnst be regarded as a satisfactory ending to a most successful meeting. Apart from the donations of 100 guineas by Mr "W. R. "Wilson, and 50 gniueas bv Mr P. Austin, the profit represents £60. Hearlv £400 was paid in stakes on the occasion, and under the same excellent management the future success of the Club is assured. Successes at the South-street compe titions, Ballarat, were gained on Tuesday evening by Miss M. Young, who was adjudged second for violin solo under 15 years, and Mr A. E. Ranficld, also of Geelong, who carried off similar honors for bass solo. A specially fine programme of vocal and instrumental music will be rendered at the final chamber concert to-morrow evening. The list of artists includes the eminent Parisian tenor, Mons Napoleon Boffard, who is admitted to he one of the most cultured vocalists that have come from Europe ;: Miss Adelaide Bruce, the leading contralto singer of the metropolis, and Miss Nellie Billings, a pianist of very high attainments. None of these artists have ever appeared before a Geelong audience, and, with the fine string qnartet, whose items have been one of the leading features of the series, should attract a large audience, more especially as the charges for admission have been reduced to popular prices. An eatertainnient was given in the Exhibition Theatre last evening for the bentfit of Mr D. C. Smith, a comedian who appeared here frequently with the i Wilson Forbes Dramatic Company, and I whose services have been sriven on different occasions in connection with local appeals. The program me, which I did not attract an audience commensurate [ with it: '-"tits, comprised vcc.il items by | Messrs 1". J. Fennell, P. Kortlang and j J. Morgan, and Misses Lillic Octavia and . Carlotta May; comic items by Messrs Tim | Logan, George Cole, A. Ince and D. C. Smitb ; instrumental numbers by Mr H. ; Nelson ; step-dancing by Mr J. Neil: a , humorous turn by Mr Dave Gardiner, and i an amusing sketch by Miss Carlotta May and Mr Smith. The different items were well received, the audience, if limited, being appreciative. i There are no fewer than SSS5 lessees under the 32nd section of the present Land Act, j holding between them 3,321,205 acres. The \ leases expire in December this year, but it is proposed to extend them for another year, and tho lessees will thus be given ample op portunity of determining which of the six special privileges provided for their relief in the amending bill they will avail themselves of. Mr Best explained that in offering ex ceptional privileges to the 32nd section lessees the Government was moved bj the knowledge that many of these settlers had made homes for themselves on their holdings, and nothing would he done to disturb them. Speculation in leases would be discountenanced, however, and every assistance afforded to family selec tion on the easiest terms. The Bendigo correspondent of the "Age" writes:—'• In connection with the visitations of a ' ghost' in the neighborhood of the hos pital, quite a commotion was caused on Tues day night when three men captured a man at Lake IVceroaa masquerading in woman's clothes. They followed him from near the hospital to the lake. He carried an iron poker, and, when canght, stated that he was looking for the * ghost.' He gave his name as Hugene Edward Johnstone. The police were informed of the capture, and Johnstone was taken to the watchhonse, and charged with insulting behavior. Eully a thousand people followed him to the watchhonse. He is-21 years old, and was only recently mar ried." The Horsham School Board of Advice on Tnesday investigated a charge preferred by lira "Watson, of Church Hill, against the head teacher of the Horsham State School, Mr Martell, of having excessively chastised her son, 11 years of age. The hoard resolved that, in their opinion, the hoy had been severely and unwarrantably punished, and referred the matterto the Education depart ment. A return -was laid before the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday showing that of the 56,245,760 acres in Victoria 18,308,902 had been alienated in fee simple, 4.563,519 were in process of alienation, and 1,373,465 were taken np with roads giving access to those holdings. Of the Mallee Land, which em braces 11,322,000 acres, 34,052 were in pro cess of alienation, S.676,416 were held under pastoral leases, 120,609 under perpetual leases, 155,207 by roads, 390,346 in perma nent reserves, while 1,945,370 were available for occupation. The Mildura lands comprise 250,000 acres, of which 62,222 had been alienated in fee simple, leaving 1S7,77S still unalienated. Village settlements cover total area of 4S,68S acres. Reserves for agricultural college endowment contain 155,483 acres, for state endowment 1,592,400, and other reserves 19S.S51. Swamp leases embrace 4662 acres. Crown lands reserves not yet disposed of 12,2GS, and nnsold land in cities, towns, river frontages, &c.;, 77S.133, making a total of 38,608,371, and leaving 17,637,3S9 acres available for classi fication under the provisions of the Land Bill. The shoal of haddock at present in Lady Bay were unapproachable by the fishermen on Tuesday afternoon, owing to the rough sea, which prevented the boats from going ont. One or the largest hauls for any single day was that of Sunday, when tw clve boats captured nearly 9600 fish. On Monday about 400 dozen were taken. The haddock evidenty entered the bay to spawn, but they have been pursued by two immense porpoises which have hunted them along the coast be tween the jetty and the Hopkins till fre quently they have sought refuge in the help. It is announced by Mr M, A. Kerr that he has been appointed sole agent for the Baleigh bicycles, a stock of which will he on view early next week at 149 Byrie-street. Mr H. F. Bichardson draws attention to a fnll catalogue of farm, dairy and orchard pro duce, at to-day's sale, in the rooms. Attention is directed to the announcement of Mcssss J. and A. Price, grocers, ironmongers, and general storekeepers, stating their inten tion is to make an alarming sacrifice of their entire stock by giving the public the benefit of discount cqnal to 50 per cent. The superintendent of the Geelong Infirmary and_ Benevolent Asylum acknolwedges the receipt of the following list of gifts during the month ot AugustParcels " War Cry." from Friends ; " Southern Crosses," Mr M'Wnirter, and Lizzie Edney; illustrated papers, Mrs Douglass : magazines, Mrs Banfield, Miss M. Hudson, Mr B. T. Moore. Miss Miles, and Mrs Bottereil: books, Mr Fielder; pictures, Mr G. M. Hitchcock: baskets flowers from Mrs Belcher. Mr J. H. Grey, and Magazine Society (Tarra-street): 1 parcel old linen from a Friend, Lizzie Edney, Mr Peebles, Bank ; 1 parcel papers, Mrs Hopton, Fyansford ; fruit and lollies, from a Friend ; basket cakes, etc., anonymously ; medicine bottles, Mrs Leigh, Barrabool Hills : 1 walking stick, a Friend ; child's truss, from Mrs Weston, Fitzroy-street; cakes and lollies, a lady, anonymously: " Christian Herald," anonymous. In our Portarlington correspondent's letter yesterday, mention was made of certain im provements being carried out at the Bay View Hotel, " Borne." Instead of Lornc, it should have read " Portarlington, " one of the finest seaside hotels on the bay. _ The usnal meeting of the Geelong Mutual improvement Association was held on Monday, Mr Frank Apted, president, being in the chair. Prior to the syllabus item, Impromptu speak ing." being taken np, Mr E. E. Hendy, on behalf of the sub-committee, reported that a most successful concert, under the auspices of the association, had been conducted at the Protestant Orphanage last Friday. In addition to providing a first-class lantern, phonographic and musical entertainment, a plentiful snpnly of lollies, etc., were distributed to the children, who appeared delighted with the kindness shown them. 