SUALDOW. OF WRONGr. I BY CHAIRLES GIBBON: CIHAPTER I.-(Continued.) Once more,' he said, ' shall come face to face, and once more he and I \- shall go shares in the good things of this world-curse himi 11munph--he's fat and sleek by this time, L dtare say ; richer tihan evCer, too, doubtless. iHe little Ithinks that thiere is such a ghost as I wot of, to startle hlim in ]Iis easy chair till he drops his golden aiuggets--ny, and 10 hell) himi to the grave if need be. Wihat a theme for those chaps at the clubs to talk about and for lme to laugh at. Deaild aid buried, dead andi buried, and arisen iagain to slip into the niest the oldbirdil has feathered for himself.' The notion tickles him, and hlie grins from ear to ear. It is a peculiarity of our friend that he seldom laughs out right, not even when his smile is: sneering and .sickly, instead.of cruel and gross. His nearest approiich to a laugh is a low, chuckling sound, *which seems to come uip from the depths of his chest., By this time he is out of the dirtier part.of the tdwn, aind is shuiling. along thi·o6igh'a isun ber of squares. lie passes nlext into a dirty subulrb. The hoises are small ),-and dingy, withl' little, shaibby gardens before them, where no grass ever grows. The man lounges down a street filled& with small; respectable ; cottages, some of them. adorned with door plates and knockers: 'At one of ..those hle knocks and rings boldly, siiiilinig tbo hims;lf at the unseason ablileness of his visit..iIe, hak.knocked thrice uand rang thrice, and muttered countless 'anasthemas'on tihe heads of ,those .vithin, when he hears a foot step coming stealthily along the pas :isagel?.· Ie knocks niori-e.ldudly 't.lhan ever, and, peeping through the .key hole, sees a light approaching. The dloor, is opened without'..a.wordl&: and Sswung about. a foot (ii its clsfai. ' A woman's face slinded by a flthin, worn lind, pers 0t. ;'.ou . *"CI. . i" a ',has-there ?'in.quires a 'losw voice, in 'broad Scotich" A' C opess' thi door, Jeaniea, my woman, i'~t - 'friend from'ithe otIherl-side of the !s'jseas"'~ :-Asisi'exclusnatoni,-ialf of surprise, '"half, of fear, bursts from: the woman, . iv'.'boimmediately withdraws the door (liiisi''id' admits' .the strange guest. :He swaggers into tlhe ]olby; the wo 'mans lioldingup thecarildle, looks at t(hbmi.: witlh a stqpefied expression on her a:ed' :without speaking. The man ap Nroich6achts : close to her ; she starts "awa? ,li ·e frowns and mnutters to hilm ::-irst 'welcome to the old country d'os .t seem' particuldrly warm.' i' Come here,' says the woman s at tlienh and1 'iiitl a slight tremor ap 't p'reintlin all.ihr. mo.ements, she leads iMii into otlhe ingy parloufr. Placing 'th~ licidle on the table, she looks him )inquiringly in the face;i muttering us if.spalhig to fl*rself : ::Oh, but ye're 'hs nged, changed. ,I , yoursel' I see ? ;.,:I suppose, so,' says the man. 'ithrowxing himself ihto a seat; 'twelve vyears knockiil 'itbodit don't serve to nmale a.man younger or bonnier.' ':.I' kent ye in ai minute, though,?for :I aye said ye would come.' 'l ..iThe man laughs, and lookls search fingly sat the-speaker. Slhe is neither :coniely or nygly;bdit she is both ielkly :a hiril ?rdworn-'the face saillow and t:hin, but the feattires well-formed :.>l thii? lgurse tall-and thin, clothed insa ,iWcoarse: nightgown, over which' several '?petticoats have been hastily 'thrown. -The man gazes at her kceenly. Stid 'i nl deanh? 'le -bursts, into a hoarsd Go" and fetch:. your .husband,' he 'si?s, ' aid let me' iavi a, fire and soine .'ithinig to eat, quick. I shall stay liere ti ill morning.' , T.,/he, woman., passes: silently -ut of .thlle room, overcome:withl the .surprise of.ltt meeting. ' : u.-' mpl,' growls the man to him self; 'I remein ber the day when •;Jennie Macpherson was as good-look i~ng a girl as one would wish to meet. i:But now--bih, her.husband's a brute.' There is a bustling. and talking out side, oid the brute makes his appear nabe. :le is a small, old man of fifty or so, with a pug-nosed face, like red vood, niid a figure inclined to corpu lence. ,e looks dirty and frightened. :? Oi seeiiig his visitor, he turns dirty "'white, a'nd sinks into :.i elialir over powered. Tlivvisitor 'axlighs. Tlie brute rises fi'om the chnit'n and ad vamces .timidl y..t . ii. -ih, 'It can't be-it is--no ' Yes, it is-: Oil" ·-'t:i;? Stop' there; tl:,' i7 t .* , w.ith: " mnotIer. houseIas n h gli: -.inbard Crofts foe the present, Jonathan.' , ' Crofts, Mr. .Crofts,Cg:sped Jonn thani ' this iS 'indeedh-lium- an shn S.?xected meeting. Sid .as i ipleasaniit -smunexpeetd, dae biay-npay, tdoni'tcotadiet me. Yo~uraet not? overglad to s$ea ne, Join thant; you wish.ma at the bbttomi of th:e sea, Jonathan ; you thinlk me u' ' ratlqr?a- dangerousjeard .to ,play with at this lateI hoifu-fthda:iyiS,; Jriaithaii :bnalh, you're' i~fool!' 'I: 'Appareitly 't hiis wit's end what to say or, do, Jdhiithan, whoir sits gasping in a elmair, growing redder and woodener every minute; makes a tremulous inquirys as to hii] visitor's healthl ' I'm much the s.anie da s1 iused to be; .atouit and. hIle, my olan,-but older, of .coi~rase, and,wsith more of tihe devil in .ma than ever, 'Ihma.i. good bit altered .ismeincewe list: met; for I've been hlard pitt.to 'for a living, and I've' swallowed rather more brandy than was good for rie' Never inid, here I am iwith n whole budget of news for your ear. SBut,'in the first place, Janiatlun, I'm hungry.'.. ' , Jeanie !' cries Jonathan, in a tone of.:despair.. Jeanie .nlswers tihe call, S7arring in her hanids wood and coals. Li.: ,.:Light the fie,: add get the gentle man.,something to .eat.' ': The ivoinuii kneels ldown. n on the .hearthlrug, and proceeds to obey. her busljand's order. S:"In the next place; 'growls Mr. Crofts, 'I'm thirsty.' Whereupon Jonatlian hits upon anl original observation. Anything we have in the house is at your sermice, Mr. Crofts.', Which renmark he follows up bypro iiucing a bottle of gin anti glasses; Mr. Crofts filledl hlis glass na tlle fire began to blaze up, and Jonathan fol lows his guest's examnple. 'Ah,' muttered ?)fr. Crofts, as lie eyed his glass, it's been both the blessing and the curse of many ' worse felow than I; ibut it's betteri thaln French brainlld. It's tlhe ?tuf for I a strong mann--el. Jonathann ?' ;J'onathlno nods. 'Thlen lcnie quict ly proceeds to lay the iable, placinelg uapon it an array of cold meat, bread etc. As she turns to leave thllel ro0111 Mr. Crofts jumps up, and catching her firmly by both hands, draws her to w:rds imin, looking keenly into her face all tlhe while. The woman mncets lis eye humbnly, not boldly. ,lolnlihan Jtidgets nervously. ' Where's your welcome, then? IInve you forgotten me, old wonman-eh, or do you bear malice ?' . . ' I dinna klid,' .replied Jeanie, qthietly. ' Yu don't knowv- -~flni'.t you,'.rowls Jonathan,, pologetically ' Can't you say you'r- glnhid to see Mri. Crofts back again, you know- you .areyou know -and have done' with it ?' 'fah !' cries Mcr. Crofts, releasing her ; '-you- were always ,a pig-headed woman, and I see Jonathanl hasn't im proved) you..;: Go yourVw'vways I shall have more to say to you by and by.' The womaan. leaves the room, appa rently quite bewildered, and the door closes upon the two men. There:.is a long pause. Then there is nalong ion versation,: ih whichl Mr. Crofts seems to.have the best of it, and to- bully his lnfortunate host into sdmecthing which hlie does not care about. At length Mr. Crofts declares, himself ready to retire for the night; Jona thain takes the candle from tle table:, aind conducts his guest up a. small staircase and into a.small bedroom. From' chest of drawers hie takes some lIothes, which lie places oil l chair ready .for his guest to pun, on. That gentleman instantly jumps into tle bed, and, with s gruff,; "good night," fllls fast aisleep. SJonathann, with gloomy expression on his face,.returns to the dingy par lour. lIe there finds his Wife cower ing by the- side of the fire. TIe says nothing for . fewc moments, but sits down in a chair, ipparenitly lost in thought. Suddeilly i.e cxclainms, with a savago appeal to the: woman: S'Here's a pietty staite of nmatters.' She lifts up her head .with a slight sneer. ,.. .:: '1 kent: it, iiai, I kenit it·; what ha'e'I tell't -ye againrand again and again. The.woids lia'e:come true, an! lie his 'cdom back .i hiigi; misery on us 6'.' - 'Hang hini,' gi'owls the woolen olk gentlcman; 'Ithloughtlt he was- in his grave.' Occh, man, a- cat has nine lines, an' sae has the deil's banirns. Puir man, he's awfu' changed.' Jonathan looks at her querulously; then, shaking his fist close to her face, he said : ' Hold your tongue.' She crouches before the fire with the red light on her pale, sickly face, while her husband continues to glare at iher suspiciously until the glare subsides into a glow, and the glow into a wink, and he drops off to sleep. The woman continued to warm her thin hands at the fire, and to look thoughtfuUy into the blaze, mutter ing to herself-' changed, clhanged, aiwfu' changed.' Then a dim, thin streak of light creeps into the room.through a chinlk in tlhe shutters, and, falling upon her face, fadei iin the blaze of the fire. It is dajlight. • r - : . 1·..': 'r .. ... :::?, l,? CHAPTER II. THE SIHADOW IN THE TVILLAGE. The shadow passed away fitom the bosom of the great city, and glided over hill and valley until it fell on the darlk face of Benjamin Brogden,.Esq., Mf.D., at the village of Caverford, in Kent. Very slkilled was Dr. fBrogden in the physical maladies that flesh is heir to; very skilled was he'also in the moral nnd mental maladies of men aind women; and he put his knowledge of the mind and body to wonderful uses. ie was a quadroon, and-in his boyhood had been a slave. Escapingffrom tlhriildom, he had gone direct to Canada, where his- case was ventilated among the clergy of the various churches. He mnude friends; aind, once possessed of these, he soon' taught thlem to perceive that he pos sessed extraordinary abilities, and that these abilities directed them selves almost unconsciously to tlhe study of medicine. He was supplied with money wheiewithal to educate hlimself at the university of Montreal; and he afterwards, 'with courageous industry, eked out- his slender allow ance by doing duty by night as a policennm. . ' Black Brogden,' they called him at college-partly from his complexion, and partly because he was isolated in position and reserved in character. In due course of time he took, his -degrec .with honours, to the no small surprise.and chagrin of hiis fellow-students, who, ailthlough Canadians at that time, looked down upon coloured people with an ill disguised feeling of superiority, and hliad very little real symplathy with Exeter Hall philandering. Shortly afterwards he set sail for England, and immedliately after his arrival dis -appeared for some years.. On his re appearance, hlie set up in bisincss as a qualifiedl medical lprctitioner at the little village of Cavcrford aforesaid. Caverford being the centre of many residences of the landed gentry, is rather conservative; 'and the appear anuce of a Cnew ddctor, in the person of a man of colour, was at first looked upon ais ln unlparlollable inunovatiou. Becfore long, however, the knowledge and skill of Birogden, displayed in several very extreme cases, caused the tide to turn in his favour; and las country people generally go to ex ti'emnes in these nmatters, lie soon be came the furore. Old Dr. Dorning, nwho, for many years, lhad absorbed the entire priuctice of thle neighbour hlood, found his patients gradlumilly slipping aiway from him; nid, being of a sensible disposition, gave up the ghost at the right i moment, and left his widow a comnforteble independ ence. Thlencefortlh Benjamin Brog denc, Esq., M.D., reigned supremte-the lord of birth and death in -a placd where tile women were fruitful. lie became thle idol of the married ladies, and -thd friend and confidant of happy fathers. Tie made money. The young ladies began to set their caps at him-to lure him on the intri cate maze of matrimony; but he was not a prize to be easily won. One fine day he played a bold and dangerous stroke, by bringing down a young lady, a strungemr, and introducing her to ithe society of Caverford as his wife. Society was offended for a week-it was strongly inclined to deny to the married man, the support it had given to the bachelor'; Ibut, the cholera pnst lg by just. tlhen,'society swvnllowed its pill anld iresigned itself pat iently to the ihealing hlands of its physician. Very little was seen or lheaird of Mrs. iBrogden ; bunt she was. known as a pale, quiet creature, very pretty, and a' great mniuny years younger than ]ier hussbhind. She was an invalid; linbut societj? nevel forgave hler for nmarry ing its doctor.. The Doctor liimself was very popular. As hlie increased in years his natural reserve had worn otf, ani lantterly hlieie became a model of gen tility aild urbanity. lie mixed himnself up' a' goold dlinl in publlic mat tLers, aud wrote long letters to .the 'Times' oil fgreat poisoning eases, and on the evils of toblcco sinoking; lie wvas mn author, too, and published in the ' Lancet ' niumber of admirable papers on vaccination. liut it was among the simple villagers of Cliver ford that lie was most esteemned. Lib oral to the poor, and ever ready to attend tile sick bed of the veriest paLu per, lie could not fail to.be respected and loved. The same popularity fol lowed him into thIe gentlemen's houses. Lady tarriet Noel, whom lihe treated for neuralgia, described liim as a truly admnirable person. Thie rich widow Bvumps, whose husband went nmtd and died in the attempt to doluble a fortune" of twenty thousand piounds \--accumultated in the coal trade thlought ]him a duck of a man, maind would have married hin at a mio ment's notice hald hle been single. Mrs. Vanhemrigh Vane would cnme all the way from London during the season to consult her pet ladviser onl so tri vial a matter as an attack of tooth ache or influenza. So it is niot surprising that Dr. Brog den throve, nor that people said lihe might have thriven a good deal better but for an invalid wife, who would never bear him any children to corn fort his old age. ft was a pity, cer taiily.' Did he hlimself begin to think that young wife of his a drag. and to grow cold towards her, and to wish she were out of tile wary ? Perhaps. There was Miss Joice HIarwood, daughter of the retired.nfaval officer, Capt. Marwood, who was beautiful. who hald large sums of money in her own right, anid who would no doubt have accepted the hand of so admir able a gentleman as the' Doctor, for Brogden found out long before his lmarriage that his complexioul did not injure him in the eyes of women; that, on .the contrary, it was novel, and rathller ai recomlmendation. lIe was certainly handsome, and the dark. tawny hue of his skin, which he kept fastidiously clean on all occasions, made himn look romantic. There was a confident boldness about his man ner which charmed the sex ; they felt that hlie was courageous, reliable, and they knew that he was clever. Was he a good man? The question is a diflteiillt one to ansuwer, and most sensible men, when it is put person ally to them, refer it to their wives. What was Mrs. Brogden's opinion of her husband ? Could that have been ascertained, no doubt we might come 19 some intelligible conclusion. M[rs. Brofgden, however, had no opinions. or, which comes to tile same thing, she was supposed to have none, and, even had she possessed them, she would never have attempted to arbi trate on so difficult a subject as 'the character of her husband. All she had to do was to be ill, and to be tenderly nnrsed by the worthy man, her hus band. IIe was stupidly fond of her. the Doctor. People said that he would never recover the shock if she were to die. 'Ainsi vaie mIlIone. : eause Dr. 3rogden was devoted to his young wife, people thought him a dear, ill used creature. Had he, on the other hand, neglected 'the invalid, people would have called him a brute. So the shadow passed out from the city and. fell on Brogden's dark face as lie rode leisurely and slowly along the country road in the direction of the residence of Captain Harwood. R.N. It was a brightt clear September morning, and the rain, which had fallen fitfully during the night, spar !led to the sun from the wet stubble and the slanted sheaves. The almost bare hedges murmured under the touch of a sharp, low wind, which crept upward here and there to the trees by the roadside, and plunged down again to the ground in a whirl of russet leaves. The road along which the Doctor was riding passed by farm-houses and fields, with here and there a gentleman's mansion standing in the midst of its own grounds, and it roughened here and there into small hills, on the shoulders of which the hop-ricks were gathered darkly. A mile behind the Doctor, as he rode, was his large, finely- furnish ed cottage , surrounded by its large garden, and in one of the chambers lay the Doctor's lady, languidly awakening from a fretful sleep. The shadow passed over her face where she lay before it reached her husband and when it was dark upon her, he was saying to himself ' Die ! I will it. Die ! Under my ban, you cannot live. Die ! I will it. You must die !' .To be Continued. 