Pith and Point. The largest mammoth tufilc yet d!s« covered was 16ft. In length The consumption of boot-blacking In Englnnd in one year amounts to a value of . £560,000. "The Three Musketeers" is 'the third act of an Adelphl melodrama . the whole way through. Twenty-two coal-tadon ships sailing:, from Newcastle, New South WuJcs, have ; been reported as missing at sea since 1SSS. A flrst-clnss merchant steamer costs In building £23 per ton weight of hull, nnd £13 per Indicated horse- power of engines. In the names given In Inverness Direc tory there are 730 varieties, yet the Frasers made up 93 per cent of the whole population. The general rate of pay for all classes of labour In Switzerland Is a little over half as much as Is paid for the same description of work In Great Britain. A man stood Inside the Venetian blinds the other day, nnd spent flftcon minutes trying to brush a streak of punsblnc off his coat with the clothes brush. In San Francisco a 17-year-old hus band recently obtained an absolute divorce from his 16-year-old wife. He was employed as a messenger boy. A young lady ate half a wedding cake, then tried to dream of her future hus band. Now she soys she would rather die than marry the man she saw In that dream, ' The Pnris Jeweller Satin, who wns charged with replacing with pnsto the Jewels of Mine, de Bute, which had been temporarily Intrusted to htm, has been sentenced to eighteen months' Imprison ment. A cat's eyes arc Bald to be largest nt midnight. We never made an ex amination, but we are positive that Its voice Is about seventeen tlmca larger at that hour than at any other period during the twenty-four. The land 011 which Hie two battles of Bull Bun wore fought Is to be sold at public auction early next .month, and cut up Into small farms. As the first great battlefield of the war It answers some of the requirements of a national park. Her Majesty the Queen Is not In tho habit of wearing much Jewellery, but there is one trinket she always has on, and thnt Is a gold bracelet given to her by the late Prince Consort. This, It Is said, her Majesty luts not unclasped from her arm for the last thirty-four years. Tills winter there arc 28,700 students In the German universities, .4597 of whom arc studying theology, 8182 law, 8301 medicine, while 7019 nro under the philosophical faculty. There Is a dis tinct falling off In the number of students of evangelical theology from lost year. Many are tho anecdotes told ot Dr. Koato, Mr. Gladstone's head master nt Iton, and his constant threat, " I'll flog you"— notably ot his way of enforclug tho lessons of the sermon 011 tho mount. " Blessed are tho pure In heart," said Dr. Kcatc. " Mind tlitit ; It's your duty to be pure In heart. If you're not pure In heart, I'll flog yon." Fifteen hundred sea otter skins were brought to the traders by Alaska Indians last year, according to the es timate of a trader Just returned to Seattle. Furs of bears and foxes aggre gating may thousand dollars In value were also brought lu. 31e says Alaska's wealth In furs Is very great, and In many regions Is yet practically untouched. A singular Corenn lmt Is a great round mat of Btraw worn by a mourner. The lint Is bound down at the sldeu so as almost to conceal tho head and face of the wearer. He carries In Ills hand a screen or fan, and when In the road any one approaches htm, lie holds the screen In front of him, so that It, to gether with the hat, completely con ceals. him. Intense cold, as Is woll known, burns —If we may use tho term — like heat. If a " drop" of air at a temperature of ISOdeg. below zero were placed upon tho hand It would have the some effect as would the same quantity of molten steel. Every one who has liail the care of horscB ought to know the Intense patn caused by placing a frosted bit into a horse's mouth. It burns like hot Iron. In Jamaica a new use lins been found for the bicycle. A prominent entomolo gist of the Agricultural Station Is travel ling about the Island giving personal In struction In waging war against the various Insects thnt piny such sad havoc with the crops and vines. To the handle-bar of -his bicycle he has attached a reservoir ot Insecticide, nnd to his back Is strapped n portable spraying machine. A winter cycle, lately made, tins two runners, one nhead of the other, and between them is a pair of treadles ltlce those on a bicycle. From these to a heavy bnlnnced wheel In the rear. runs an endless chain, nnd tills wheel turns a small drive wheel with spurs to stick Into the snow. It Is thought that a per son can travel along hard-beaten coun try roads with tills as easy as on a cycle. " Ghostly visitations" continue at Clandon House, near Oulldford, In Surrey, one of Lord Onslow's mansions. There are upward of fifty persons In Clandon village who claim to liuvo seen the "ghosts." One takes the form of a black dwarf, another thnt of a lady, sometimes brilliantly, sometimes very sombrely, attired. All the Horvants at Clandon House say they have seen ono or other of the apparitions. 