Lo$ and Won. CHAPTER XXI (Continued). , After she had been sitting at. the foot of the cross for several minutes, $he said, with a sweet smile : * Maude, if you look at me in that fashion everyone who sees you will begin to wonde-t what is the matter.' rDo I- look as though I loved you so dearly, mamma?' ' You -do indeed, my dear child.' 'Then I am glad,' I said. 'After all the long weary years of yearning, how can I show my love for you ' enough ?' ' Perhaps I shall require one great proof of your iove, Maude. If so, I am sure you will stand the test. And now, my darling, as we have some time before the ' Angelus ' bell rings \- at midday, tell me your story, all that you know and remember about your self.' I told it to her.-as I have told it in these columns. ?*,- I told her how 1 was driven mad, and how in my madness 1 ran away, vowing never in life -to . look upon them again. 1 told her there was ojily one man in this world whom 1 ihould ever like, and that was my ? cousin, Galahad, even fhough he had wished me dead. There was no room in my heart for any other. 'You know, mamma,' I said, 'the ^.love of the St. Neots is 'fixed and -?fatal.' ' You should not have condemned him unheard, Maude,' said my dear mother. 'You would never have condemned g him at all, 'you are too good,' I answered. ' But he loved Lady Maud Trent. There was no mistake in the world about that, mamma. I should think they are married by now.' But my mother did not seem con vinced. ' You should have spoken to him, Maude, my darling, before you left,' '? she said. 1 1 do not view his conduct quite in the same light that you do. I think he loved you.' 'Oh, mamma!' I cried, while my heart beat and my face flushed, ' I cannot think so;v it is impossible. But now we have talked long enough \- of myself, mamma ; I am dying to hear your story from your own lips.' _ ' You know most of it, Maude. My fate has been a strange one, dear ; but I am sure all has been for the best. My life has been simply a romance of ~a black veil.' \- ' You had a happy childhood, mamma.' ' My dear Maude, all that your father told you was true. He was a handsome man when he made love to ' me, Maude ' — I thought of his face as I had seen it last, fixed in the terrible death-agony, and I shuddered — 'but it was not for that I admjjed him ; it was for his generous goodness to the church and to my parents. Then, I think,' added my mother, with a most charming air of candour, ? I really was what the world calls ' in love ' with him. But he never told me that he ? was Earl of St. Neots. Had I known it, I would not have married him, for \- rank and title had no attractions for me. I think, Maude,' she said, ' that 1 was very happy for a few months. 'Your father, my husband — oh, how strange those words seem to me now I — is dead, and of the dead we must speak no evil. I wili say nothing of what 1 felt, what 1 suffered, when I found that 1 had married the man known as ' the reprobate earl' Nothing ' could compensate me for that. 1 will pass on to the time when I believed you dead. Why the earl ' treated me so cruelly about you I have, never known ; but i think=he=was angry, jealous, because I loved you and did not fove him. I can think of no other motive. ' * It was a cruel deed — perhaps the most cruel he ever committed. Now that I am older and wiser, I cannot imagine why I believed him so implicit;. From his manner I ought : jo have doubted him; but I never did. I firmly believed you dead. ? 'Then, when I began to get better, the earl's lawyer came to see me. The earl sent tne word that he was tired of my baby face and whining , ways, and that he would give anything I' asked him if I would go away and never let .him see me a^ain. 7WelI, it was a matter of indifference to me now that I believed my child was dead. ? At first I refused the moneys but Mr. Norton, the lawyer, wasa sensible man; * I advise you to take it/ he said. * If it is left in the earl 'stands; he will only spend it in rioting and sin ; while, if you take it, think what goodyou may do with it; you can devote it to the service of heavep.' ' So 1 took the amount offered and established this place.1' ' But, mamma,' I cried, ' now that you have found me, you will go back to the world ; you will take up your rank and station'; will you not ?' « We will talk of that, dear child, later on,' she answered. ' And, in the meantime, keep our, secret, Maude ; let no one have an inkling ot it.' CHAPTER XXII. I .thought no .more noble character than thy beautiful mother had ever ..lived; but I told her frankly that I ' considered it would have been bettej had she remained with my father. Il was true that he ill-treated^ her,, but \- was it not within the 'bounds ol possibility.that, had she not left him he might in time have become gentlei to her, and even have been a bettei man ? ? The desertion of my father was thi only matter for which I could' blami my isolated mother. I could not tel whether she agreed with me or not She said little, but she looked wist fully at me. ' It would have been better for you, 1 1 Maude, perhaps, if I had remained i With the earl,' she said. - One morning she pointed to the old i weather- beaten cross, with its clinging t ivy and scarlet passion flowers. ] ' Maude she said, ' do you know s why I value that old stone cross so - highly?' 1 ' No,' I answered. \ ' I brought it from Sedgebiook ' she I said. ' It stood in the old churchyard I there, and I purchased it. I brought i it away with me for love of the dear j old place, and keep it here always in I sight. I cannot tell you how I love it. When I was quite a llttle: child, I - used to sit at the foot and weave ] daisy-chains;' and my heart told me that her soul was as pure now as it had been in those days. I One morning I went to her rcom to i see if she had five minutes' leisure, i My heart was full of something I i wanted to discuss with her. How her j face brightened when she saw irie ! i ' Mamma, I want to speak , to you i very seriously, I said. 'Can you J spare five minutes ?' ' Fifty for you, my dear,' she said, : ' if you want them.' I sat down on a stool at her feet, and looked up to her with entreating . eyes.1 ' Mamma,' I asked, ' has finding me made any difference with respect to : what you call your vocation ?' She looked just a little troubled, and (then answered : i 'No, I think not, Maude?' ' I want you to make a sacrifice for me, mamma,' I said. ' I told you the story of my will. For your sake, so great is the love I bear you,. I will revoke it, and the money shall be invested for you and for me. You shall take your proper position in the world, you shall be treated as the Countess of St. Neots deserves to be treated, and we will live together in some happy home, if you will say the word. Was it a temptation ? I shall never know. She was silent for some little time, her hand resting carelessly on my head. ' Do you remember, Maude, what is said of those who put their hands to the plough and then turn back ?' she said then. ' I must not be one of those. Ah, no, my dear and generous daughter 1 This is my life's work ; I must remain here.' ' I must say good-bye to my dream ?' I asked. ' Yes, dear child. And now, Maude, let us talk of you. Are you very happy here ?' ? Yes, I am very happy,' I replied. She looked at me wistfully. ' Have you ever thought, dear, that you would like to be a sister ?' she asked. 'No, mamma, darling; I should like to live here all my life with you, but I do not feel that I have a vocation.' ' But there is the future. We must think .about your future — ' She stopped abruptly, for Sister Catherine, the portress, stood at the door. ' Mother Etheldreda,' she said, ' there is a gentleman here asking for you.' Mother Etheldreda, taking a card from her hand, read aloud — ? The Earl of St. Neots.' In silence she looked at me ; but I had no word to say. My mother's face grew deathly pale. ' Does the gentleman ask for me, Sister Catherine V ' He asked to see the reverend mother,' she replied. ? Say that I will be with him in a few minutes, sister.' And then we were alone. ' Maude,' cried my mother, ' is it you, or is it myself, whom he has sought and found?' ' How can I say, mamma?' I replied, bewildered. ' The Earl of St. Neots,' she again read. ' It is Vike a dream, Maude ; I cannot believe my eyes. If he has traced you, how has he managed it ? If myself, the mystery is even much greater.' I could not recollect my thoughts ; my brain was in a whirl. ?The Earl of St. Neots 1' repeated my mother for the third time. ' Oh, Maude, what are we to do ?' With my senses reeling, ray mind was a blank, how could I advise ?' 'Mamma,' I cried, in desperation, ? do not betray me ; do not tell him I am here.' ' My dearest Maude,' she said, in a gentle voice, ' I faithfully promise you one thing. I will do what is best for you — trust me implicity. You will ^rait here for me, my dear,' she added. 1 shall . not be long.' And then she went away. f -felt that if J remained in the room I should be stifled ; and, going out into the garden, I clasped the old weather-beaten cross, with a sensation that without some support I should fall to the ground. CHAPTER XXIII. I cannot tell how long I had knelt by the weather-beaten cross in the convent garden when I heard a light footstep on the grass. ? 'Maude,' whispered, my mother, ' look up, dear child. It is true; he . - is here' And, my; darling, it is you : he has traced — you, not me. He ? does not know me; and he implores r you to see him.' t ' Never again,' I said—' ' never again, t Did he. not wish toe dead? Oh, f mamma, how did he find roe? I , thought I wis, quite safe here, bidden r with you.' j : r , 'Maude,' she said, 'the circum stances are so- extraordinary that I e must believe them to be providential, e He foundyou, as I found you, through 11 that money. It appears that the fitty t. pound note I paid to Mrs. Phillips had t- his name and your initials on it. She paid it away ton Mr. Benson, a tea iroker in the city, and from his hands t passed into none other than those »f Mr. Norton, who, seeing the earl's tame on it, made inquiries, and found hat it came from this very convent Naturally he went straight to the earl ; ind, without a moment's delay, my learest Maude, Lord St. Neots lastened hither ; and he has the note with him. He has a note-book, one le showed me where he entered all ;he notes that he paid you, with their lumbers, when he changed a cheque or you ; he remembers every detail. 3h, Maude, how he loves you !' ' Loves me, .mamma !* I cried, in iignantly, when he wished me dead I tie is going to marry Lady Maud rrenf How can I love him ?' ' I told you from the first that per laps you had misjudged him,' said my mojher, gravely, 4 and now I am quite sure of it. I do not believe that he liver said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for marrying Lady Maud Trent, if ever a man loved with his whole heart, he so loves you.' 'He does not, he canuot; he wished me dead, and I will neverforgive him. Mamma, -pray, manage it for me. Tell himthaij'it is U-tje I am here, and that. [ vifibh to,re!naiii here all rny life, that I thank him- for calling, but that I would rather not see him. . Oh, mamma, do this for me !' She bent down and kissed mel ' I wjll do just what you ask, my darling.' . She went away, and my head drooped again, but now my brain was | clear — I could think. Ah, well, now all was at an end 1 Of course, he would be disgusted when he received my message — would go away, and never seek to see me again. Well, let him go and marry his love. I heard the sound of a door open ing and closing. He was gone, gone for ever, and my mother, of course, was coming back to me. Then a hand gently touched mine, but surely that was not the light touch of my mother's soft, slender hand ! This was warm and strong, and a voice, that was like no other voice on earth to me, murmured softly : | Maude, why did you leave ?' He was there, and my heart went out to him with a great passionate cry. But I had left him, and I never meant to look upon him in this world again. Having buried my love, was I now to be brought face to face with its ghost?' ' Maude will you neither look at me nor speak to me ? asked the earnest voice. ' I cannot !' I cried. ' Oh, mother, have you betrayed me ?' Then my mother's loving hands stole round me. She drew me aside into the cloisters, motioning to Galahad to follow. 1 Maude, darling, listen to me,' said my mother. ' You were mistaken, he never said those cruel words. It was you he loved all along — you, and no one else.' ' It is true, Maude. Look up, my darling,' Galahad pleaded. When at last my courage came back to me, and I looked up, my mother was gone, and my handsome young lover stoodjhere alone. ?Maude, my darling,' he whispered, ' how could you leave me I How could you believe all those foolish cruel words ? You must have seen that I loved you with all my heart.' ' You loved Lady Maud Trent,' I said, my face still hidden. ' They all said so. Your mother wished her to be your wife.' ' But,' he interrupted, ' in marrying I intend to please myself — not my mother. Oh, Maude, do not punish me for the sins of others! Let me gaze at those beautiful eyes of yours — they have haunted me from the first moment I saw them. Do you remem ber, dear, when I found you under the cedar-tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love J You were kinder to me then. The pain and the fire of jealousy werp dvine awav. the music of the voice I loved was beginning to in fluence me. I raised my face and looked at him. IJow fair he was — eyes lit up with love, his handsome face eager and anxious 1 That look into my love's eyes sealedjny fate. % You were so cool to me,' I said. 'Alter Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.' ' Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, so there could never be any question at all of my falling in love with her. I should as soon have thought of falling in love with one of my own sisters. Could you not see that ? With her I was quite at my ease, while I was just a little afraid of you.' To Be Concluded. 