AN APPARITION IN CHINA. catholic times. The following Incident, whether regarded as of religious significance or not, cunnot but he of physical Interest to renders in terested In an article which appeared re cently in the "Catholic Times" under the heading ' of "Crooke's Ghosts." A re ligious, by order of hor superior, conveys to the director of tbe "Echo du I'urgatolro" the substance of a letter wrlttou by Sister Gucrlaln, superior of tho religious Com munity of Tcheng- tlng-fou, in China. The letter Is dated 1st June, 1S9S. The priest in question Is one of the Lazarist mission aries of the same town. It appears that a short distance off, iu tho largo Christian mission of Tang Klou there was a small hoy of 6 with religious Instincts preter- nuturnlly developed. Early one morning in February last he said to his mother, "NIang (mother), look ou the table. I see there a little girl iu white." White Is the sign of deep mourning in China. Tho child con tinued, "Her bntr Is tied with white, she Is on her kuees and her head Is bent forward." The mother, trying to master her emotion, pretended to scold the child, telling him that he was still hnlf asleep or dreaming. He snld again, "I see the little girl very plain ly. Look, mother, look; she Is sad, and has her eyes fixed on tho cross." The father came aud began to scold, "You are begin ning to tell us lies," he snld; "hold your tongue." "I do uot lie," suid the boy. "Look, Niaug," he repeated; "look well on that table. Do you not see her!" Aud he pointed with his finger to the invisible ap parition. He was asked whether the little girl he saw wns big. "A little bigger thun 1 am," he said. He added a moment after, "She is as big as my second brother." This second brother wus 12 years old. "Now," he exclaimed, "I see her no more! She has disappeared!" The same thing happened the following morning. The mother then said to the child, "Take hold of the little girl and bring her to me." The boy sprang forward to seize what he saw, but just as he thought he wns about to take hold of tho apparition he cried out In disappointment, "She Is gone!" Turning towards Ills mother, ho exclaimed, "There she Is behind you on your bed. She Is looking at you aud pray ing. She Is smiling at you, mother! Ah, now she bus gone aguln; I can no longer see lier! The same thing happened at the same hour on seven' consecutive days. On the seventh day the missionary iu charge of the mission came. The parents of the little voynnt went to bim, telling him what had happened, and taking the boy with them. Ihe priest, after n few questions, saw at once that he had to do with a little Impostor. "Is the little girl that you saw surrounded by light?" he asked. "Yes, each time," was tlie answer. "She remains surrounded by light for some time; then the light gets less aud less, and at Inst completely disappears." is sue sad?' continued tho priest. "Oh! yes; she appears to be in sorrow; bat she la beautiful— beautiful ns I have never seen anyone else, nud as white as wax." The missionary, turuing to tho parents, said Have you never lost a child?" "Yes." said the mother. "Nino yours ago we lost Feast of tT y'U'S W' Sbo dled oa tlle const tho Assumption." "Do you still pray for l.or?" "We prayed for hor for two t hat slio wn T I?toppu<J, thinking tn.it In heaven." "Begin again tn pray, and wltli fervor," snld the w!Ut Your little girl Is certainly In purgatory" and asking you for prayers." A mass wYi mi nmi /|bc ,'!ca,d cblld tu« following morn- rnore? IIW,e £lrl in wbIte "'asseeu no 