THIIE splashed filial. .Br Mrs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of ' Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER Xll (Continued). Then, as the two men raouuted the box and drove away, the policeman driving, she turned to Edith, with a charming smile. 44 Allow me to thank you, young lady, for speaking and checking my horses so promptly as you did," she remarked, with engaging frankneBB. They are very gentle aoid well -trained, but no one can tell what might have happened but lor your authori tative command." 44 L do not feel that I have done any thing to merit your thauka," said rMith, with an answering smile, " for what 1 did was purely involuntary. But 1 am very sorry that this unfortunate contretemps should have interrupted your drive." 44 1 do not mind losing the drive, but I do mind being made so unpleasantly con spicuous ou Commonwealtli-avenue by a drunken servant," responded the Btranger. flushing with annoyance. 44 However,' she continued, Btraightening herself, proudly, 44 regrets are useless, and I must make the best of it. By the way, uiy little friend, will j'ou regard xne as unduly inquisitive if 1 ask your name ?" she con cluded, bestowing a winsome smile upon EdiLh. 41 Certainly not. 1 am called Edith Alien." 44 Edith — Allen," repeated the woman, while she studied the beautiful face before her, with atraoge mtentness, the young girl thought. 41 That is a very pretty name, and it suits you. Now allow me to introduce myself to you." She opened a beautiful Japanese card- case, and handed the girl a dainty bit of pasteboard. 44 Mrs L G. Stewart, Copley Square Hotel, Boston. Mass Euith read, as she received it, with thanks, aud then put it carefully away in her purse. 44 Do you leside in the city ?" Mrs Stewart inquired, still lingering beside her new acquaintance, as it lutk to leave her. 4 Yea ; I am companion to Mrs Gerald Goddard who lives at No. — Couiniun- weaJth-avenue." 44 ->hl I was introduced to Mrs God- dard's brother, Monsieur CorreHi, a few- evenings ago, ' Mrs Stewart remarked, with a sligiit catch in her breath, whiie Edith was astonished to see her turn deadly pale, even to her lips, as she said it. But she quickly recovered herself, although her be&utifu.; blue ejes still blazed with a strange fire. 44 Monsieur C-jrrelli is a very talented and eiiteriaiuuig gentleman," she re sumed, speaking with her usual- self possession, 44 but I have never had tho pleasure of meeting Mrs Goddard. But 1 must go, M us 9 »ileu I shall have t-> depend ujkju the electric road to get back to my hotel. I hope " — aud sli>: leaned forward and searched Edith's lovely face with a wistful gaze " I hope you aud 1 will meet again sumo time, aud dear, if you should ever need a friend, do not fail to come to me. Good after noon." She held out her exquisitely gloved hand, and ctasped Edith's warmly, theu turning, she awot, with Htaiely grace, down Arlington-etreeL toward Boy stou, to fcike a caV for Cupley Square, while Edith, with a little Mgh of regret over the parting for she never expected u> see her again, went on her way toward Mr God- dard'e residence. But her adveuturcB were not over fur that day, however, for she had not walked half a block before she heard a quick, eager tread behind her, and, the next moment, she was overtaken by Eunl CorrellL 44 Ah ! good evening, Miss Allen ; I thought I could not be mistaken in your figure," he exclaimed, in a tone of well- assumed fiurprise, although he had known she was out for a walk, and had come out himself with the purpose of seeking her Edith responded to his salutation in a courteous manner, but she was consider ably autioyed b> hia prv.heucc. 44 Will you allow me to walk with you, since we are both going the same way, aud bound for the aaine destination i" he inquired, in a tone of utmost respect. The young girl could not refuse his re quest without appearing rude, but she was not at all pleased with the arrange ment, and betrayed her feeling by quickening her steps, a circumstance which caused a frown to darken the brow of her companion. lie endeavored to conceal his anger, however, by relating, 111 a spirited man ner, an amu=ing incident that had occurred while he was driving 00 the boulevard that morning ; and thus they had walked on until they had nearly reached home, when Edith suddenly noticed that a woman waa keeping nearly abreast with them, along the edge of the park, on the opposite aide ol toe street. For the buiieht of the reader, who may never have been in Boston, it may be as well to mention that Commouwealth- avenuo is an exceedingly wide street — or rather, it minht be described as two broad streets, with a beautiful park running the entire lengJi between them. And it was upon one Bide of this park that Edith aaw the <oann, wliu, by the frequent glances which she cast upon her aud her companion, appeared to be watching and following tliein. Ernil Correlli, whose face was turned toward Edith, had not observed the figure, which, juBtas they were about to turn up to Mr Goddard's leaideuce, sud denly darted acrosB tne street, wnh quick springing steps, and placed itself directly in their path. Euiii Correili turned his glance from his companion to the woman who had thus obstructed their way, when he sud denly seemed turned to stone, so motion less aud rigid did he become. For a full minute hi eaze waa riveted upon the Btranger, as if iu horrible fascination. (Jiulia 1' he breathed, at last, in a scarcely audible voice. 44 J£ diabte !" The woman had a veil over her face, but Edith could see that she was very handsome, with a warm, Southern kind of beauty, although it was of a rather coarse type. She was evidently a foreigner with brilliant: black eyes, an olive com plexion, scarlet lips and cheeks, and a wealth of purple-black hair, which was coiled in a massive knot at tho back of her head. She waa of medium height, with a plump, but exquisitely proportionate figure, as was revealed by her closely- fitting garment of navy blue velvet. Her hat was a jaunty affair of the same material, brightened by a scarlet wing Her small were encased in costly and perfectly fitting gloves, and her tiny feet in trim, natty boots of Parisian make. The moment Emil Correili epoke her came, fihe buret passionately forth, and begau to address him in rapidly uttered sentences of Borne foreign language, which Edith could not understand. It waa not French, for she could con verse in that tongue, and she knew it -Was cot German, fihe therefore con- eluded it must be either. tHdin-n or > BpanidL : b the girl talked, her eyes roved from the man's face to Edith'b, with angry, jealous glauceB, while she gesticulated wildly with her hands, and her voice waa fierce and intense with passion. She would not give Monsieur Correili an opportunity to say one word, until she had exhausted her seemingly endless vocabulary ; but be was as colorless as a piece of his own statuary, and a lurid, desperate light burned in his 0es — a gleam, which, if she had been less intent upon venting her own passion, would have warned her that she was doiug her cause, whatever it might bo, more harm than goud by the course she was adopt- 5 t last she paused 111 her tirade, simply because she lacked breath to go on, when Emil Correili replied to her, in her own tongue, and with equal flueucy ; but in tones that were both stern and authori tative, while it was evident that he was excessively annoyed by her sudden aud unexpected appearance there. Finally, after another attempt upon the girl's part, to carry her point, ho b tamped his foot imperatively, to empha sise some command, and with a look which made her cringe like a whipped cur before him ; when, shooting a glance of fire and hate at Edith, ahe turned away, with a crestfallen air, and went, dejectedly, down the street. Edith would have been glad, and had tried to escape from this scene, for after the first moment of auiprisc upon beiug so unceremoniously confronted by the beautiful 6t.rauger, she had stepped aside, ascended the steps and rang the bell. But, for some reason, 110 one came to the door, aud she waa obliged to repeat the summons, but feeling very awkward to have to stand there and listen to the altercation that was being carried 011 bo near her, although bIic could not under stand a word that was said. At Inst, just as Monsieur Correili had delivered his authoritative command, the butler made his appearauce, and let Edith in. before she could enter, the woman was gone, and Emil Currelii sprang up the steps, and was by her 6ide. He glanced anxiously down, upon her face, w hich wore a grave aud preoccupied look. He knew that bIic was wondering who the fiery but beautiful and richly-dressed Btr ingei jvas ; knew that she could not fail to believe that there must be some thing suspicious and mysterious ill Lis relations with her, aud lie was greatly exercised over the unfwrtuuate en counter. He had set his heart upon winning her he had vowed that nothing should siand in the way of her becoming his wife, and now this the worst of all things — had happ'-ii<d. to compromise him in her eyes, aud he secretly breathed the fiercest anathemas upon the head of the marplot who had just left. them. He assumed an injured air as he came to her side, with the evident intention of making some explanation of the strange scene that she had just witnessed. But Edith did not wish to hold auy further intercourse with him aud. passing quickly into the house, she hastened to ward the stairs, ititending to go directly to her own room . CHAPTER XIII. A MILWLNTLll FROLIC. Edith had just placed one foot uputi the bottom stair, when Emil Correili, springing forward, overtook her. 4 Pray, allow me one lnmucnt. Miss Allen," he pleaded, laying a gcutly de taining hand upon her arm. 44 I wish to explain to you the strange scene which has just occurred in your presence. 44 It is not necessary," Edith returned, coldly; 44 it is something which, of course, does not concern ine at all." 44 Very true ; nevertheless, you must hare been exceedingly astonished to have that girl plant herself in our path, as she did. Really, Miss Allen, it was very annoyiug to me to be beset upon the street in such a conspicuous maimer," the geutleman remarked, in a depre catory tone. 44 The girl is the daughter of the florist of whom I am in the habit of buying my flowers, aud to whom I owe a small bill," he went on to explain, 4 'and as ahe has sometimes waited upuii me, she has taken it upon herself to duti me. 1 shall go down town and settle my account immediately after dinner, and tliey will tind that they have lost a good customer by the out landish proceeding of Hub afternoon." Edith made no reply to this lengthy explanation tie simply stood quietly listening to him until he concluded, but iu her heirL she did not believe one word of it. There had been such impassioned manner— such a look of mingled anguish aud jealousy in the glance which she had bestowed upon her — such vehement appeal in tier gestures, and in the tonus of her voice, that she felt convinced that she had a far mere serious grie- vauceaga'nat Emil Correili than an unpaid bill for flowers. Her companion read something of this in her expressive face, and was secretly irritated by it ; but he was determined to make her respond iu some way, and he added, in a rather indifferent tone, such as he would have used in commenting upon auy one : The girl ia rather pretty ; do you not think ao i" " Very," Edith replied. 44 But she is not an American — he appeared to me like a recenrly arrived foreigner." The man flushed at this latter remark, but responded, .ightly. 44 Yea, the family are ItaliauB, and thoy have been in the Uuited States only a short time. The girl is pretty enough 111 her way ; but 1 atu more partial to blonde beauties," he concluded, sweeping a look of uuQisguised adraira uon over Edith's fair face and perfect figure, which plainly indicated that she was a type of loveliness after his own heart. She reddened with indignation at this compliment, and drew herself haughtily erect. "Forgive me!" lie cried, and assuming an air of humility before she could speak. " I have offeuded you again. But, Misa Allen, if you could only know how honest and aiuccre I am in my admiration and affection for you, you would not Bcorn me so." "You have promised — or your sister hnq promised for you that you would never annoy me again," Edith began, indignantly, as she made, a move to go on upstairs. 14 1 knew, 1 know," her companion rejoined, in a subdued tone, and putting out his hand azain to detain hor. 44 Hut 1 cannot quite relinquish all hope, in spite of what Anna has told mo. 1 could ahnoBt lay down my life for >ou, Edith," he continued, earnestly. 44 Let me try to win you — I will wait your own time — years if need bo." 44 No — no! Why will you persist wheo I have told you that it is useless ?" Edith nervously interrupted. 44 Fray, pray do not refer to thiB again — I do not care for you — I could never learn to care for you — in that way." 44 You Bhs.ll ! You muat 1 Oh, what can I do or eay to move your obdurate heart? " passionately exclaimed the would- be lover. ' No thing — absolutely nothing. I can- not listen to you, and you are cruel — un manly, to persecute me thus, when I have repeatedly told you that it can never be." She turned suddenly as she concluded, shaking off his hand from her arm as she did so, and went swiftly upstairs. But she had not mounted half the flight before he was close beside her, when, seizing her hand, he bent his face, which was deadly white from mingled niort ificitinn and ancer, close to hers. " It shall be ! " he hissed, having lost all control of himself 44 I swear that you shall yet be my wife nothing shall be too great a barrier to be swept out of my path. 1 have set my heart upon you, and I would sell my soul to win you ! " His eyes seemed, in his passion, to almost emit sparks of fire, while his voice, though naturally low and musical, was vibrant with a repressed fierceness tliat made the girl beside him quiver with fear sud repulsion. A look of terror swept over her face, an icy clnll settled upon her heart, for she eeemed to be impressed, for the mo ment, that wliat. he had said was prophe tic of some evil that was to befall her through him. Wrenching her hand from his grasp, «he pushed forcibly by him, and fled up stairs, and did not pause until she had reached her own room, and locked her self within it. 44 1 will not remain here — I aui afraid ! It is an uncauny household !" she panted, as she sank, weak and trembling, upon the nearest chair. She shivered and folded her jacket closer about her, although the room was steam-heated, aud warm aB summer. 44 There is an air of mystery about the house and the people in :t that fills me with an unaccountable dread," she conti nued, in a troubled tone. 44 1 believe that I will go to the Copley-square Hotel to morrow, and ask Mrs Stewart if she will take me aa a companion, or at least re- commeiid me 10 someone who needB such an attendant.'3 Then she fell to musing upon the sin gular coincidences and occurrences of the afternoon. Ii Btruck her as very strange that Mra Stewart should know Emil Correili, aud that she should have betrayed so much emotion upon hearing his sister's name mentioned. She had Baid that she had 44 met him," speaking as if he were a comparative stranger to her, and yet her msnner had betrayed that she knew something in connection with him that was either of a painful or uupleaaaut nature. Theu that mysterious aud passionate encounter with the girl whom he called Giuka ; what could it mean l Certainly, something more than merely the common relations of a debtor and creditor. Edith was so overcome by her own in terview with t ie man ihat she did not go down to dinner, and a'so sent a message 10 Mrs Goddard, asking her to excuse her for the evening, as she had a severe head ache. She retired almost immediately, but was so excited that she could not sleep, and lay tossing for long hours, thinking — thinking, her brain in a perfect whirl, until nearly daylight, when she fell into an uneasy slumber, from which she did not wake until someone tapped upon her door very Late in the morning. 44 «Vhat is it ?" she cried, starting up nervously. 44 It is only 1, Edith," said the voice of Mra Goddard, in reply. 44 You were so late — it is nearly nine — I cauio up to see if you were sick. " 44 No ; I have overslept; pray, excuse me, aud I will soon be with you," Edith replied, as she sprang out of bed, and hurriedly began to dreas. 44 Never miud ; I do not care if yon are not ill," the lady sweetly returned. 44 Go down, when you are dressed, and tell the cook to get you something nice for breakfast, then come to me, for I have something important to tell you." Theu the swish of silken skirts told Edith that the wotnau was gone ; but a look of resolve swept over the girl's face, which was wan aud pale, from nervous ness and loss of sleep. 41 /shall have something important to tell she murmured. 44 I cannot stay here ; £ will not remain another day in the same house with that dreadful man.' When her toilet was completed she went down to the diiiiugnioin, where ahe found that Mra Goddard had already given orders for her comfort, for there was a tempting repast awaiting her. She had not much appetite, however, for she was dreading the ordeal before her, and, after drinking a .cup of coffee and eating a roll, she went directly to Mrs Goddard s boudoir, intending to tell her at once of her intention to leave her. But the moment she opened the door that lady looked up with her sweetest smile of greeting. 4< You poor child !" ahe exclaimed, in tones of gentle sympathy. 44 I am afraid that you are ill, after all, for you are a white as a ghost. Lie down on the couch there, and lot me bathe your head with cologne." ' Thank you, but my headache is gone, atid I am quite myself again, although I confesB I did not sleep very well," Edith returned, but wondering what had oc curred to make the lady bo especially bright and eracioua that morning. 41 I am afraid not, truly, my dear," madame responded. 44 But, if you will not lie down, sit over there in that sleepy-hollow chair, for I have something very nice to tell you," she concluded, in a sprightly tone. Edith obeyed her, while the woman's pleasant aud friendly mauuer made her dread, more than ever, the commumca- \ tion she had determined to make. 44 I am alone in the house, excepting yourself and the servants, " Mrs Goddard resumed. 44 Emil has been called to New York on business— he left very suddenly, on the night train, last evening, to be gone, no one can tell how long ; and Mr Goddard went to our country home in Wyoming this morning, to make arrange ments for a grand midwiiiLer frolic, which we have been planning to give our friends for some time. We are going to invite a jolly company to spend a week with us, and considerable preparations will be necessary. I warn you, Edith, I shall keep you very busy during the next fort- nifiht." Edith listened attentively to all this, but tho one thing that impressed her more than anything else was the informa tion tliat Ernil Correili had gone to New York for an indefinite period. Her heart bounded within her, and she uttered a sigh of intense relief at the good news. She had fully made up her mind, beforo coming downstairs, that ahe would leave the house that very day. But now ahe aaw that there would be no occasion for her immediate departure, because ahe knew that ahe would be run ning a great risk in ao doing, aince ahe had no other place in view. Besides, she felt that it would be hardly fair to Mrs Goddard to go away upon such bliort notice ; especially if she was going into the country for a week, for she would then need her more than ever. Therefore, before Mra Goddard was fairly through with her speech, she had changed her mind, and resolved to say no tiling about her determination — at least until after their return to the city. 44 1 do not mind being busy — 1 like it," she remarked, with a faint a mile, as the lady concluded, while she told herself that the change and employment would be very enjoyable. Besides, she had never been in tbe country during the winter, and she began to be exhilarated by the thought of going a few miles out with a lively company ; even the words 44 midwinter frolic" made the blood courae more rapidly in her veins, although bIic knew Bhe would be only au observer outside the charmed circle, rather than a participator in the merry-making. 44 1 believe you," said Mrs Goddard, in reply tn her remark. 14 You are the most industrious little budy in the world ! I realise that 1 found a treasure when 1 met you so opportunely on yuur way from New York. Now, if you are sure that you are able to work, I would like you to help me make out two lists — one contain ing the names of tho friends who will spend the week with us, and another, naming thoso whom we wish to invite to the grand entertainment and ball, with which wc shall wind up our festivities." Edith, her cyea no longer heavy, her face no longer pale, arose at once, and went to the table, where she worked busily during most of the day, and feel ing really happy and content in tbe knowledge that her would-be lover was more than two hundred mile away, and she had nothing to fear from hiin. But could she have known tliat, while she was locked within her room the previous evening, Eoiil Correlii and hia scheming Bister were closeted in tho chamber of the latter, plotting mischieF against her, and that this so-called "midwinter frolic" was but part of a diabolic conspiracy to entrap her unwary fcot, she would have beeu appalled, and fled from that house without an hour's delay. The moment Edith pushed by him on the stairs, and sped up to her room, Emil Correili realised how rash he had been to address her again upon the forbidden subject. 44 Ls d\abU /" he exclaimed, stamping his foot. 44 I can. never control my tem per. I am always making mischief with this unruly tongue of mine. The girl will bo more shy than ever of me now, and Anna will be angry with me for annoing her again." Ho sought his sister, in her boudoir, and informed her of what liad just oc curred between him and Edith, although lie was very careful not to mention Ilia recent encouuter with the Italian girl who had waylaid hiui in the street. 44 Well, Emil, you are always Buoiling everything by being so hot-headed," she had told liim, after listening to his accouut. 44 You have doubtless frightened the girl so that she is probably packing her trunk at this moment with the iutcn tion of leaving the house the first thing iu the morning, she concluded, coming nearer the truth tliati ahe really believed. 44 Tliat would never do." he returned, with a moody look. 44 She must not be allowed to go away.'' 44 No, not if you are really determined upon marrying her." 44 Of course I am determined." 44 Then you must go away for a while- pack your bag and Btart for New York 10 night, upon important business, aud stay there until I send for you," his slater remarked, after thinking a few momenta. 44 That will be rather hard on me, Anna," tho young inau responded, gloomily, 44 for I am so bewitched with the girl that I do not feel as if I could be away from her for even an hour." 44 I can understand that, Emil," said inadame, with slightly trembling lips ; 44 but I see no other way to carry out our purpose ; for Edith, in spite of her usual gentleness is high spirited, aud it will be very uncomfortable for her to meet you after what has occurred." but how long must I be banished ? Have you any definite point in view ?" 44 Yes ; I have been thinking the mat ter over, arid I believe £ have the germ of a moat cunning plot in mind, which may be carried out under favorable con ditions." Mrs Goddard returned, and theu she proceeded to unfold her plan, which, for boldness, craft, and ingenuity, would have been worthy of a French intfiquanU of the seventeenth century. 41 Anna, you are a trump !" Emil Cor relli exclaimed, admiringly, when she concluded. 44 If you can carry that out as you have planned it, it will bo a most unique scheme - tha best thing of its kind 44 1 can carry it out if you will let me do it in my own way ; only you must take yourself off. I will not have you here to run the risk of spoiling every thing," said Mrs Goddard, with a deter mined air. 44 Very well, then ; I will go this very night. I will take the eleven o'clock express on the B. and A. I have such faith 111 your genius that 1 arn willing to be guided wholly by you, aud trust my fate eutirely iu your hands." 41 I can write you from time to time, as the plan develops," slit; replied, 44 and send you instructions regarding the final act." 44 All right, go ahead — I give you carte blanche for your expenses," said Monsieur Correili, as he rose to leave the room. Five hours later he was fast asleep in a Pullman berth, and flying over the rails towards New York. And thus we find Edith remaining con tented with madame, and doing her utmost towards helping her get ready for the couutry frolic, and without a suspi cion tliat she was assisting in building the altar upon which she was to be ruth lessly sacrificed. ( To be Continued ) 