V' The Federal Capital. \- -The. implacable auitude assumed iMr. Jleid as to where the federal capital in the proposed Commonwealth should be fixed is -thus' satirised by- th&AIelbourne; 'Age' in the course of a leadmjpjffticle on the subject :-;- f'-By a vote of exactly 3 to 1, or 62 to 21, the Sydney Assembly has decreed that the fe deral capital must be in N S. .Wales territory, but it requir.es no ghosts to .come- from, the graves to tell us that this resolutipri is no more respectable than an election squib. In making this demand the N.S Wales politi cians are merely offering a trifle of incense to King Demos, ft flatters N.S. Welshmen yrhen the Premier there tells them .that they are the head and front of Australasia — the people who will have to make all the sacrifices for Federation, and find all the cash j and when Mr. Rei'd plays the ; trumps as part of the game to 'dish Mr. Barton" the latter has to trump just as- high, or find himself minus both tricks and honors. Hence we find the Opposition leader joining his vote in the Premier's resolution in favor of the New South Wales claim to have the federal papital. 'I'lie statesman who has just de clared llie (Jonv.ention Bill to have been given to him direct from God, as the tables pf stone were given to Moses 011 Mount Sinai, now finds that the Deity made a mistake about the federal capital as weli as about several other matters, and that the people of New South Whles are much wiser than Heaven, We shall have no sort of ill-ccndj- fioned quarrel over the resolution, nor do we believe that it will stand for an instant in . fhe way of a federal agreement. Ipdeed. other difficulties being .composed, it is ceitain not to be insisted on, seeing that, in the shape proposed, it is one that Victoria could never look at, because it leaves the Federal Parliament free to choose Sydney and com- : pelled to reject Melbourne. In this colony we are almost entirely free fiom the grasping spirit which is shown in the Sydney resolu tions, nor have Melbourne people any strong desire to see their city rpadeat once two capi tals in one, the Australasian federaf capital and. the capital of Victoria, but then the Victorian people will /be just as determined that neither shall Sydney be invested with the federal metropolitanship. There will he no difficulty here about the site of the federal capital, provided that the' constitution really determined beforehand that if be in territory -independent of any; state. ' Anything else than this'is an insult to the federal states. - It is a snobbish assumption of leadership and superiority which self-respect ought not. to be called upon to tolerate. Fortunately, as we . have said, there is no re?ldiffic-pHy befiind it. Mn, Reid's diplomatic 'language submits it \- oniy ' for the consideration of the other colo- nics, and inc oilier, co»onicbff wiicii :iucy consider if, will know quits weli what to do ' with it at once, At any rate, it Ms cextain. that Victoria will " ,/ Mv; ' Mr. Barton has been charged with incom sistency jn. supporting the resolution for the fixing of the capital in this colony. Incon- ' ;sitency is not a very' serious charge, for every practical man has to be inconsistent now and then. .B"t jj has to be remembered that Mr. Bart<m has always been in favor of the- capital in New South Wales, though he may " pot previously have considered the time ripe for anything resembling a stipulation as to thai mailer latterly, however, the situation has been ' altogether changed by the im- proved prospect of Queensland join tng in the pekt negotiations, fand to Queensland a capi- tal in the parent colony vvould .be vvell pleas ing. Besides, if M r! Barton were: willing pre viously to leave entireMiberty. of choice as to the capital site to the Federal Parliament. he iyas well assured that that choice would be in favor of New South Wales, as were also Mr. Wise and Mr. Carrutheis. At/ the last Con- yentio i several of the West Australian de legates went so far : as to . declare that the federal capital should be Ideated somewhere between B<>wra! and Goulburn. The Tas- manian delegates were almost unanimous in favor of the capital being in ; New; Sputh Wales, and the Victorian delegates repeatedly expressed a similar opinion to some of our delegates. At the Convention it would have been offensive to dictate as to a capital site. Circumstances are evidently changed now by the hope of bringing in Queensland. Mr Barton exnlains his vote on the federal capital in these words I have supported Mr Reid's resolution, feeling sure that if no . provision were made in the Bill such as is now proposed, that the . Federal Parliament would nevertheless consent tq locate the capital jn New South Wales.- But I also know that there a.e thousands of electors in New South Wales who do not agree jvith me fn that opinion, and, therefore, I haye con- sented" tQ co-operate in bringing abopt at this f Stage what would happen at a later stage, knowing that by so doing I shall not.be im- " perilling the prospects: of Federation, while at . be same time assisting largely to augment its supporters in this colony/ As I have previ ' pusiy explained, my support of Mr. Reid's resolution is no new departure 011 my part, for this veiy question <;f the. capital is one of the three I submitted to the public at the time of the geneialv election, and again during the election for the Haspngs and Macleoy " Mr. Barfpnekldanatiun, to our mind is a satisfactoi.y one, and quite justifies Jjjg yu it) . 