Chapter, XXI. Wolfenden lost his match upon the last hole,: nevertheless it was a finely- contested game, 3.11 d when Mr. Sabin proposed a round on the following day he accepted without.hesitation. He did not likeAIr. Sabin anythe better—in fact, he was beginning to acquire a deliberate distrust of him. Something of that fear with which other people regarded him had already communicated itself , to .Wolfenden. Without having the" shadow of a definite suspicion wi th : regard to.the man or his character he was in \- clined ;to resent that interest in the state of affairs at'Derin'gham Hall which Mr. Sabin had undoubtedly manifested. At the same time' the tnau was Helene's guardian, and so long as he" "occupied _ that position Wolfenden was not inclined to give up his acquaintance., They parted in the pavilion, Wolfenden lingering" for a few moments, half hoping that he might receive some sort of invitation to call at Mr. Sabin's temporary abode. Perhaps under the circumstances it was scarcely possible that , any such invitation could be given, although had it been Wolfenden would cer tainly have accepted it, for he had no idea of at once relinquishing all hope as regards Helene. He was naturally sanguine and he was very much in love. There was something mysterious about that other" engagement of which he had been told. He had an idea that, hut for Mr. Sabin's unexpected appearance, Helene would have offered him a larger share of her confidence.: He was content to wait for " it. * - ' Wolfenden had ridden oyer from home and left' his horse in the hotel, stables. As he • "passed the ball a familiar figure standing in the open doorway hailed him. He glanced quickly up and' stopped short. It was Harcutt who was standing there in a Norfolk tweed suit and thick boots. " Of all men in the world!" he exclaimed in blank surprise, ."..what in the name of all that's wonderful are you doing here 2" Harcutt answered with a certain dogged ness, almost as though he resented Wolfenden's astonishment. "I don't, why you should look at me as " though "I were a ghost," he said. "If it comes to that.I might ask you the same question ! ■ What are you doing here ?' "Oh, I'm at home," Wolfenden answered promptly. "I'm down to visit my people; it's only a mile or two from here to Dering ham Hall." Harcutt dropped his eyeglasses and laughed shortly. "You are wonderfully filial all of a sudden," he remarked. "Of course you had no other reason for coming!" "None at.all,".Wolfenden answered firmly. 'I came .because 1 was sent for. It was a complete surprise to me to meet Mr. Sabin here—at least it would'have been if I had not travelled down with his niece!' Their coming was simply a stroke of luck for me." Harcutt assumed a more amiable expression. "I am glad' to hear it," he said; " 1 thought that you were stealing a march on me, and there really was not any necessity, for our in terests do not clash in the least. It was different between you and poor old Deusham,' but he's given it up of his own accord, and he sailed for India yesterday. "Poor old chap!" Wolfenden said softly; "he would not tell you, I suppose, even at the last, what it was that he had heard about those people." - . "He would not tell me," Harcutt answered, "but lie sent a message to you. Hewisliedme to remind you that you had been friends for 15 years and hewas not likely to deceive you. He was leaving the country, he said, because he had certain and definite information concerning the girl which made it absolutely hopeless for either you or him to think of her. His advice to you was to do the same!" "I doubt not Densham," Wolfenden said slowly, "but I doubt his information. It came from a womanwho has been Densham's friend. Then, again, what mayseem an insur mountable obstacle to him may not be so to me. Nothing vague in the shape of warnings will deter me." "WelI,"Harcuttsaid, "Ihave givenyouDen sham's message and my responsibility concern ing it is ended. As you know, my own interests lie in a different direction. Now I want a few minutes' conversation with you. The hotel rooms are a little too public. Are you in a hurry, or can you walk up and down the drive with me once or twice ?" * "lean spare half an hour very well," Wol fenden said ; " but I should prefer to do no more walking just yet. Come and sit down here; it isn't cold." They chose a seat looking over the sea. Har cutt glanced carefully all around. There was no possibility of their being overheard, nor indeed was their anyone in sight. " I am, developing fresh instincts," Harcutt said as he crossed his legs and lit a cigarette. "I am here, I should like you to understand, purely in a professional capacity, and I want your help." "But, my dear fellow," Wolfenden said, '' I don't understand. If, when you say profes sionally, you mean as a journalist, why, what.1 on earth in this place can there be worth the chronicling? _ There is scarcely a single person known to society in the neighborhood." "Mr. Sabin is here," Harcutt remarked! quietly. < J Wolfenden looked at him in surprise. "That might have accounted for your presence here as a jirivate individual,"' he said; "but, professionally, how on earth can he interest you ?" "He interests me professionally—very much indeed," Harcutt answered. Wolfenden was getting puzzled. "Mr. Sabin interests you professionally?" he repeatedly slowly. "Then you have learnt something. Mr. Sabin has an identity other than his' own!" "I suspect him to be,'" Harcutt said slowly, "a most important and interesting personage. I have learnt a little concerning him; I am here to learn more; I am convinced- that it is worth while." "Have you learnt anything?" Wolfenden asked, "concerning his niece?" "Absolutely nothing," Harcutt answered decidedly. "I may as well repeat that my interest is in the man alone. I am not a senti mental person at all. His niece is, perhaps, the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life ; but it is with no thought of her that I have taken up this investigation. Having assured you of that, I want to know if you will help me ?" "You must speak a little more plainly," Wolfenden said ; " you are altogether too vague. What help, do you want and for what purpose?" (To be continued.) 