TALES AND SKETCHES. I \------ I (ouryiüiiiiT ) j ROMANCE OF A Kli Elt 1.Ï . I CLARE .IKRROJ.I). I A lazy boyhood anJ a dissipât, d youth leil uso at the ugc of twenty-two to tho streets of Melbourne, a beewar «ith uo debito to work. 1 had*alsa no desire (o starr«, so 1 determined lo KO up country to pick up a living if possible, Long weeks of wuuilciing and semi-si amit iou converted tuc on thc subject of »otk*, and 1 made up my mind lo blay, when at ono faun I found Ilia! only straight- forward labour was the cjndilio-i nf living . under thc BJ mc ruuf with Connie Morgan. She wa« tall and fearlees looking, and ' seemed to read my soul w hen she first glanced al tue. She magnetised aud drew me so far up to her ideul thal my pitt life became J shameful to my thoughts, and 1 worked like un honest, man. Slowly, bil by hit, J told her my history, anti in spite of il übe look to . me and wc becamerngigeJ. Did Mi egan consented, for industry was j capital in I linee parts, and I was us good as any man there. He set m up in a small "rim" of our own, a piece of generosity which delighted Connie, but my In art mití- gale me about thc place, for it nus on thc verge of Morgan'a laud and open lo depreda- ( lions from bushrangers. However, it was " Hohsou'a choice," uud so wc uiariied and settled down in thc little lonely imune willi ' two shepherds and a woimn, thc wife of one of the men. Connie was os good on thc farm as any man, and often took a turu ut visiting thc ' shepherds when lhiy wero stuiiuned at a distaucc. Oftenest I went alone, sometime* we rode together, and occasionally Couuic went wiiliuul tue. lhere was no limo for . discontent or rcstlessuetB on my pirt, and tn . our linty, hardworking life 1 WUB far happier 1 than I h*d ever believed it possible to be. . As to bushrangers, wc saw liol bing of llicm. Some weeks utter we settled, sheep were ' missing, und ft fclrict watch was kept, hut no , one w as discovered, though once Hie shepherd got a shot at a dark object which, bc said, . was creeping towards all unwary umina!. , On reachiug tho pince, however, nothing was found, and there was u suspicion thal he had seen double, and had aimed at thc ! shadow of a sheep. Peacefully the tirst your of our married life drifted by, and then small troubles carne. , In thc wet season I contracted a fever, the results of which w*ould not leave mc, and Connie did my share of overlooking as well as lier own 'i bo tong illness aflccted my nerves, ard I was sometime* tn au agony ut apprehension when she was aw«y from home, flue day Connie talked seriously to me about it. " You ice, Jim, though I am such a matter-of-fact person, 1 know- your moods thoroughly ; so thoroughly that I feel them Bometimea when away from you. I don't believe in spiritualism or things of that kind, but lore as strong us ours tirings a kind af second sight with it, I think. If I am out a long time I seem to know when you arc i getting unxtous ul*)ut me, and my mind becomes divided between what i am doiug and my fellow-feeling with you. You must have majre faith iu nie and not wurry so much." After that t retäly tried to conquer my auxicty, and fairly succeeded, until one day when Connie had gone a comparatively short dielance, and yet delayed hoc returj long alter thc usual hour. At first 1 put a strong control over myself, but ut (sst both thc servant and I grew frantic. When the man came in I sent bk» out again i to meet her. My own ague and weakness were forgotten, and a horse was being taddled that 1, too, might join in the search, when suddenly I remembered what she bad said about knowing my moods, and I put bil my terror and strength into thc cry that she would return. "Connie, Connie, come bock '." I cilled in my heurt ; aud then felt faint with dread at thc poBsiblc result of neglecting hcrsolema warning. She had asked mc to have faith in her and not to -distract ber mind with my fears. What evil might I not hive done ! At that moment a sound in the passage emote upon my tar, and I saw my wife coming lo the door af thu room. With a cry of joy I rushed forward. "Connie, my darting, then you are safe." Hui she put out her hand warningly, and would not let me upproueh. Uer eyes ; seemed not to eec me but to wi-ar thc desperate look of one who waB lighting for , her life ; but this faded into a quick glance , of alarm, fullowod by one of keen reproach. I cowered beneath that glance, «'hilo my heurt stopped I citing, und then the expression of her face changed to one of perfect pitying , love. She held Ire? bunds to me entreatingly, herejes Messel mc, and in a low faint voice, which was rich and tretubliug with deep feeling, she murmured : , *' My dear, dear husband. I love you above all things ; 1 love you with an ever- , lasting love." j Awed by her manner I stood still for one , moment, then sprang forward lo catch her , hands, but ahc was not lhere. Had she gone , to her room or to unsaddle her horse '! AU { over thc place und about the house I rushed, culling her name, but the WUB nowhere near, j and her boric bad not icluroed. , The sei vant and 1 looked at one another , with distcuded c-yrs as she slowly whispered : , " IOh, bul il was her ghost you SAW." J Thcu wailing she flung ber apron over her | head and crouched by thc hearth. I mounted i thc animal which uwnitcd me, mid rude all through thc right. When morning dawned 1 was still on the fi inge of thc bush ; and all 1 that day on foot 1 forced my way hithtr and thither ; following n-inow pallis when J ; could find them, aud fncchauically going ] houicwaids towards the eveniog. On thc very edge of thc tn es I came upon . a epot where thc giuss, discoloured by blood, i hud been truinpled down, and there I found ¡ her soft felt hut. Paint with deadly horror, with an agonising di sire to shut my eyes for i fear of wliut I tnin'ht see, I looked slowly round. There, fallen among the skrubn and long grasses, was a de id huddled-up thing bul il was not my wife '. It wus a mun with an evil, bullish face, whom Connie had sent lo his last ueconnt. I wept hysterically with the revulsion of feeling w hich thc discovery brought ; und all my ucrvt-R tingling with an excited I.upc that thc might still bc safe, I 1 urned quickly homcwarda. 1 rustled on my woy oblicious^of hunger and exhaustion, and at lust thc Imf sc camo in sight. Thc two men were standii t; by the door, yet before I could reach them hey had disappeared, I shouted aluud, but t ere was no iinswer. and black fear iipiin gri| mic ul my heart 1 cntcicd our tittingrnnni. With a white, scared face tho serving-woman looked at me, and for a minute wc gazed fearfully i p m each other. Then with a shriek nf anguish she ennght my hands, and told mc that they had f.;und C mile. As I uttered a cry of joy she sobbed. "Ah I hot she is gone for ever, and lus left us alone !'' \Yv/7.y aud only half OUSCÍOUB, I staggered into thc bedroom. * With her face disfigured by terror, even more than hy a long black bruis i, my wife rested for the lust lime upon her bed. I flung myself by her side and clasped her cold body in my arms. She had not been dead many hours, and thc thought that she might have been held pNsouer through thc night by such another t ullian as he who lay ut the edge nf thc bush, that shu had been somewhere near, though we could not find her, distroyed thc last remnant of reason which was left mc. A period of madness and Bullering follow cd, in which my wife «us stolen away and I was bound with ropes that I might not seek ber Hut I rubbed the rope on thc rough stone wall until, with a wrench, It waa burst asunder. Stealthily I pat on my belt, with ¡ts kuifo and two revolvers, for the IIOUEO waa full of my cncmicB, then, carrying my gun, i mai)« for tlie bush. There I lived for weeks Hie lile of a willi anima!, not koo«¡rig what I »le or how ] parsed the (imo, my consuming desire bein( lo meet one of thone evil, stunted oulcisls whose trade uss lo roh ami murder, ijome times I dreamed that I uaw ouc of these toni less creatures, and then my gun rang to i merty note; or, perhaps, 1 really «aw them, for all things were hut shudows to me. Ouc evening, when autumn chills nipper thc air, I saw ll mies gleaming behind lin trees, and cautiously stole towards them My nerve« thook with excitement, for hen sat two nf thc dirty savages over a lire o wood. They were Dearly naked, willi lon; malted hair hinging rouud their shoulders, and yet each «peaking willi an Knglisl tongue. Then n y faculties returned to me I,'toking 1o the priming of my weapons ] crept ucur enough almost to have tuuehed ont ot (hem without being 6ecii, They were talking of a madman who neut about killing thoscyhc met in thc hush ; li ii wife h»l been slain hy someone, they said, and th y went in fear of meeting bim. ] laughed in glee at their words, for I did no! intend that they should meei. me. And then, with vile oaths and many t backward glance, thc uenrcst man told in « cautious whisper how he bad done it. II« told ho» tlinte on the "run" had been toe free with their shot, ami he had sworn to hi revenged ; and how whee he and a matt fmmd Cauiiic at twilight far «way from ol help they determined to siiz; her. Some tiling hud gone wrong with her Baddle-strap and as she stood mending it they rushec forward, and bet ween them dragged her tc the cde,e of thc hush Hut my darling fought bravely for her life. With a sudden leap she shook herself frei und shot one of them dead. Sorts duie am] tierce was she that thc other dived into the undergrowth, honing to overcome her h\ stealth. Not knowing on which side lu stood, Connie made a rush for thc open, sue stumbled straight iuto bis arma. At that moment, w hen with ber right kane free she could siM have protected herself, sin yielded i it'l l ly lo his grasp. She did nol faint, for her bright eyes were staring straight over his head as though she saw a ghost, unti even he shook with fear. However, she wai bis priaouer, and with swift strides he bon her triumphantly into thc depths. " Aud then?'1 asked his companion, will sn oath and a laugh which made me bite III] lip through." " Aud then," answered thc other slowly, " and then she got the best of me. Mei streng!h returned and she fought like a wild cat. In the struggle I tripped and fell in such a tray that my hip was broken ; yo« know how it was when you found mc. But 1 di.l not feel the pain ut the moment, end still holding (KT I beat her on the head wttri her owo pistol just to keep her quiet. She fell upou mc like a lug of wood, aud I lost mj Ker« es. " When I came round she. wu« gone She must have dragged hcrBclf away and died. I'm glad I killed her," he added, with or oath which outdid all the former ones in its horrible brutality, and if only that madman of ii husband nf tiers were herc 1 would serve Kim thc «ame." For one minute frenzy possessed mo. My impulse was tu catch his black throat in my hands and tear it asunder, und I seemed to see him writhe at my lett ns I slowly killed bini. But no ! it would bo enough if he knew I was killing him ; so [ moved my position until I was behind his compauiou. They were both the veriest scum of the earth, murderers and thieves by profession; raising the butt cud of my gun with slow purpose I felled the man nearest mc to thc ground. 'Hie other started up with a howl of re- cognition, but my wcapou was upon his aakle beforo he could move, and ho lay help- lessly at my mercy. Shrieking with fear lie cowered down, and AS I thought over his de.cription of Connie's death I longed lo torture thc life slowly out of him. " Murderer ! you heut her to (1 alb." I whisperer!, and then blind rage took posses- sion nf mc, and 1 BI ruck him an thc head «gtin «nd again with my heavy gun until he was an unrecognisable corpse. The first blow must have killed him, but my mad auger was not satisfied willi that. Then, dimly conscious that my mission was accomplished, I turned towards tint quarter in which our home lay. Connie's vo'ce seemed to souud in my ear as 1 went, " My mind becomes divided betweeu what I am doing mid my fellow-feeling for j ou. You must have more faith in mc." Ye«, il wus my over-anxiety and want of faith which bad hilled htr, and I resolved that I would once again see the homo where wc had lived together, mid then would share thc conmiou lot. Quietly in the carly day- light I entered the deserted dwelling, the furniture wus still lhere, left for my return, mid oil.2 moro I lay- and slept in thc bed where Connie had last rested. When I awoke tho servant sat by me, and her husband stood by thc window. I knew lliem, and told them all that had happened, and what I intended to do. Ah! if they had hut let me have my way ! But they wero cruelly kind, cud Ihr. icst raint and seif-repiiach in which I lived maddened mo again. Two long years I passed in au asylum at Melbourne, and was then discharged, practically cured, and a beggar. I went to old Morgan first, and bc, willi a compassion which I did not desiree, sent mc hack to Kngland. As 1 neared the rdil coondy thc horror of remorse faded a little, and another face-ono surrounded with gray hair-shared my dreams ivi:h that of my dead wife. W hen I landed, alone and dcspaiiing, my mother, with giief and love in her eyes, sinod wailing forme. leonid not ut first belitre (hat it «ashlie. In my youth I Iud given her no alf.dion, I had been loo headstrong omi selfish even to know that she love l nie, ami now that I hud come bick lo brr, broken down willi madness mid well-deserved sorrow, she opened wide her arms and shi- lleied me. It was she who saved me from absolum wreckage. Over and over Bunin she would get me to tell her my moiy, until by ker gentle arts elie had tinned my memory from the last dread satins lo (lin vision of Connie's beautiful face as she held ont forgiving bands, saying : " I love yen b -yon 1 all things ; I love you w ith au evei last lug love," I l ill! K.MI.] 