LADN WYNDHA-L'S TLANCI. A very e?Joi story is told in the north. west of SomereltvLiru concerning a ledy who tlirsburied in St. lh-crum on' Church, between Willito.r and W.tcl et. Pir Wil.i.m WyndLuam, who'iced itn October. 1683, mrti.d Fonnces, r r dorlghtlror AirtLony Iluug, rfurd, of Fairloy C.?tle. Saverol sons ehd dlaug.tcrs w re re n to til.-m. and thi n, much to the griel ol her lord. the. I.dy tfll ll, and apparenatly oioed. She was iut into a coffin. carried up the hillside, and laid. in the family vault in St. ecoumarn' Church, beside another Wyndham who had died several years previously. The mourn·rs nrturned to the now de.olart home. atothe funeral bake-ments, drank the conoullog oup and retired to rest. At midnight. the sexlon, one Will Attew, ll, might have b en seen creeping stealthily along the northerno aisle of the church. lie had a Ilatorn in onsn hand and a chisel and file in the other. Going to the Wyndham vault, he fole, d open the lid, of the coffin, which had Le, n d, positil there a fer hours before, and the feeble light from th, lantern fell on the pnlll I face of Lady Wnuduam. Helrr thin, whbto llods were er?-anse oer tihe breast, and on the legers gleamed t',e j, welled gilts of hLr loving husband. At tho siWg.t of tleu,-,hae as, 'ol's eit a slparkled with deliglt, at.d he b-gen to remove thrnm ftim the tape-riug fgller.. One by or e they elipp. d off thu Ilgeers, but a beautiful diamond ring, tl.e oloicent gei the lady wore,retused to leave the hand of Its dead mistrees. The oexu took up his file -nd he,au to cut through the circle of gold. As he did so the ile grated on the .lsh and a 'drop of blood ooedl out. Iloin atrange that a corpse should bleed I 'Thre the band was slowly withdrawn from lis grasp, and the lady set upright in her rBfien. The sexton gave a shirl k of terror and fled. I·alising what had happuod, Ledy t'yndiho m sprang out of her orffin. look u ttha larutern which the s Zxton In hliy trror had loft ilehind him and ran to her old home. The family had rtlired, but the noi eventually aroused a n·oad-servant, who looked out of t.e window end then ran shrieking therugh the houte, "' My lody's ghost Is t the door I" Willth i great cry the astonished husbhud ran downstsire, unlocked the door. threw his arms atouid the breathing form of Lady Vrances, cod carded her into her room. There ha learnt the arrits of her arrival, anud how It had'been brought about. Latly Wyndham, so strangely resoued from a living tumb, recovered health and trengthb. and liv, d many yoar in the happiest union with her ihusbrnd. In St. Dioumin'a Church the tomhb o Sir William Wy ndbem may be seen, wi lau ourec upon It whih are pointed out ha suolirms'ion ofthe store. AN ELEPHANT AT AUCTION I remember once (seys a contributor to the Genrtlemrnn's Magaeine") an elephant was being sold by suction in ezecutiou of a decre, aid for some reaeoo or other it had not its prope r " mhnout," or driver, on its back. The sclo was teking place on the large open ground or plain around the (Itrdian) courts, and a small crowd had asemoblel . to listen to the bidding. What with the noise and the abseece of its propes keeper, the animal began to show signs if Irritatioo, which of course poly increased the excitement and the noise among the people. Bul!dely it ran atone of the pectators,knocked him Iobwn, and was proceediung to tread the life out of him, when one of its " grass cutters," standitg by, struck It with a spear end drove it off. The driver on its back then got fright. ened, and, watching his opporiunity as the rlephoat went under stree. seized hold of a branch and stung himself up. The elephant tried once er twice to push the tree dowo,but not being bliS* tedo thles, it wandered about in the thorougl,enjoyment of its liberty, at every turn. of iJs budr sending the panic-stricken but still curios lpeople, now collected to large numbers, scampeiing in all directions, S?tSin it came upon adog-cart belonging to .one of the ju.lge's clerks, who had probably left his work to see the spetacole. The horse had blen taken, out, and the elephant, lifting the whole vehicle upin its trunk, with as much easeappareotlyas bshould lift un a small terrier by the seruff of the neck. let it fall with a crash to the ground. By this time every one who had any description of a vehicle within the vicinity end could get away began to drive off as fast .apossible; The courts became demoralised, all turning out to witness what would nest take place. The i"grass cutter" went to the animal which, though6he suffered him to approach, would by no means allow him to get on his back or to control him in any way. The police sent around a notice to the European bungalows- it being near the time for the evening drive to the effect that they should stay at home, or lookout for'thoelepbant. There was no need to proclaim the danger to the native baaassr, thiugh I belie;e it was done, as the news would spread fls faster in its natural course TIe courts suspended work for tUse day, not only because it was near the time to do so, but because it was imposible to stop nocasional stampedes into them. by frightened crowds at every sew movementof theelephant,aod because eveciyone was in too excited a state to do any business -At last another elephant, which was kept at the piolice "liers," arriv don the scene, with chains and a number of men armed with epenrs to capture the truant, but immediately it caught pight of its would-be captors it turned tail and bolted, with its pursuers'followiong, and was not secured until early the reat morning, about 30 miles distant, by its proper "mahout.' 