gkbottmtal flaptt. CHRISTIAN ZEAL AS MEANS OF PROMOTING EELIGION. A Paper read before the Church Assembly at its Devotional Meeting, held in the Chapter House on Tuesday, September 27th, 1898, by the Rev. Gadwaladb P. Thomas. My Lord, My Brethren of the Clergy and Laity — Our Blessed Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ is God and Man, and the religion He gave to the world is a divine and human religion, and ' we are workers together with God' in promoting this religion, both as a spiritual life and power in the individual soul, and as a spiritual kingdom in the world. God has done, and will do, all that is beyond human ttower to accomnlish. and man should do all that can be done by human means. Christian zeal is one of the means.-.we shoulds use, A few words may be necessary to explain . ? ?: . \\. -.'-''' '''-'./.'..'''! WHAT IS CHRISTIAN ZEAL., ??- ?:,-. ; ? .j V The word zeal designates that fervour of mind that burns like fire , in the soul, and which arouses the passions and feelings and all the powers of the soul, and impels them to outward activity for good or for evil. It is well described by the Psalmist when he says, 'My heart was hot within me while the fire burned ; then spake I with my tongue' (Ps. xxxix. 3). Sometimes the word is used in a bad sense, and designates a certain form of ambition, such as was exhibited by Jehu in his onslaught upon the house of Ahab, and on the worshippers of Baal; or a certain form of heated passions, such as was shown by the rulers of Israel in persecuting our Blessed Lord and His disciples (Acts v. 17) ; or a certain form of envy and. emulation, such as was manifested by the Judaising teachers, who dogged the movements of St. Paul, and preached Christ of envy and strife (Gal. v. 20) ; or a certain form of fanaticism, such as is displayed by those who make much ado about religion, and show but little of its tolerant spirit and good fruits in their own lives. But Christian zeal is distinguished from these things that counterfeit it, and which also often pass current for it, by the fact that it is always governed and guided by the spirit of Christ. Any fire in the soul which is not governed and guided by the spirit of Christ holds similar relation to Christianity to that which the ' strange fire' did to Judaism — it kindles God's anger (Lev. x. 1). SOME SYMBOLS OF CHRISTIAN ZEAL will help us to understand its nature and functions. 1\. The sacred fire, which was one of the features of the religion of many ancient nations — ' the everlasting fire that blazed on the altar of Vesta, the extinction of which was considered as the most fearful of all prodigies, and emblematic of the extinction of the state' — and the sacred fire that burned on the altar in the Jewish tabernacle and in the temple of Solomon, may be taken as beautiful symbols of Christian zeal. 2.. And it seems to me that the tongues as of fire, which appeared at Pentecost, were meant to symbolise Christian zeal, inasmuch as the supernatural events of Pentecost were a fulfilment of the promise that Christ would baptise His Church 'with the Holy Ghost and xoith fire.' What could the tongues as of fire, which sat on each of the assembled disciples, have been meant to symbolise unless it be the Christian zeal which has ever since made each true disciple of Christ a burning and a shining light in the world? As the schechinah symbolised the presence of Jehovah in the Jewish Church, and the fire on the altar symbolised the spirit that should animate the people in His. service, so likewise the 'rushing mighty wind' that filled the house where the Christian disciples were assembled symbolised the presence of the Holy Ghost in the Christian Church, and the ' tongues as of fire' symbolised the zeal that should animate us in the service of Christ. THE WANT OF THIS ZEAL is one of the chief reasons why the Church is not much more prosperous than it is at the present time. We have no reason to believe that there is less zeal in the Church of England than in any other Church, although a superficial observer might think so, because it does not show itself among us in such obtrusive ways as elsewhere. It would answer no good purpose to depreciate the Christian endeavours of those who are outside the pale of our Church ; but the interest of truth and religion demand that we should say, that it would be a great mistake to imagine that those who wear newly-invented phylacteries, and go about bawling about religion, or those who organise pleasant Sunday afternoons, and pervert their places of worship to concert halls, and their pulpits to rostrums in the name of religion, must have more zeal than our laymen, who unostentatiously devote much of their valuable time to manage the business affairs of the Church ; or our deaconesses, who go about their work without flourish of trumpets ; or our clergy, who diligently teach their people the truths and duties of religion — like their Master — without their voice being heard in the streets. Indeed, we often find that the zeal of demonstrative. people, both inside and outside the pale of the Church, is ' as the crackling of thorns under the pot;' while the zeal of many who work- more unobtrusively burns like ' a live coal' on the altar of their hearts — 'unquenched, undimmed in darkest days' — and what is really wanted is not fanaticism, but zeal. Thank God, we know that there is much real zeal amongst us. Nevertheless, we must confess with shame that there is also a lamentable want of it, and a crying need for a great deal more of it, because IT IS ONE OF THE MOST EFFECTIVE MEANS OF PROMOTING RELIGION. It is a well-known fact of Church history that, from the Apostolic days up to the present time, all the great movements that have turned the world upside down, and that have caused the Church to progress by leaps and bounds, have been brought about by Christian zeal more than by any other human means ; and our own personal experience has been that, whenever we have entered upon any Christian enterprise with our hearts hot within us with the ' zeal of God,' we have always had the satisfaction of seeing something accomplished, something done, that made us thankful to God. ; But while this fact is well known, it may not be equally well known ; why it is that zeal is such an effective means of promoting religion ; and on this account, and in order to try to fan it into a flame in our hearts, it is fitting that I should point out THREE SPECIAL REASONS FOR IT. 1\. In the first place, zeal will vivify and quicken the dormant capacities and powers of the soul. When winter sets in, many animate creatures retire from active life to hibernate in some hidden holes of the earth, and live there, on the warmth and nourishment of their accumulated fat, a kind of a dormant life. The great fructifying forces of nature also lie dormant and inoperative beneath its ice-bound and snow-clad covering. But when the warm rays of the sun begin to exert their vivifying and quickening influence, the hibernating creatures begin to feel revivi fied life within them, impelling them to come out of their holes and shells, to lead a life of activity and usefulness on the face of the earth. The dormant forces of nature also begin to exert their powers — the seeds sprout, the fruit-trees bud, fruits begin to develop, the air is filled with the hum of insects and. the songs of birds ; and instead of the deadness and barrenness of winter we are surrounded with life . and fruitfulness. In a similar manner, where there is no zeal a kind of spiritual winter sets in upon the soul. His capacities and powers hibernate, and become dormant ; but when Christian zeal begins to exert its warm influence upon him, he is vivified and quiokened to activity and usefulness, and henceforth that soul is ' neither barren nor unfruit ful,' but abounds more and more in grace and good works. Professor Drummond's book, entitled Natural Law in tlie Spiritual World, contains two chapters on ' Semi- Parasitism' and on 'Para- sitism.' What is there said about parasitism, both in the natural and in the spiritual world, is most excellent ; but a good deal of what is said' about what tends to parasitism in the spiritual world is not true, and tends to do a great deal of harm, because the statements are guarded, and have the odour of science about them. These chapters teach that the great doctrine of grace, as generally held, tends to make man a spiritual parasite ; but the Bible and experience teach us that the reverse is really the case. The direct tendency of faith in the atonement, and in the efficacy of the sacra ments and ordinances o£ religion, is to assure the' lost and despairing of the possibility of his being saved, to inspire him with courage and energy, and to stir him up to work out his own salvation, and to be ' zealous of good works' (Titus ii. 14). It is only when Christians are without zeal, and get into the habit of relying upon the grace of God doing everything for them without exerting their own powers as ' workers together with God,' that they become spiritual parasites, or semi-parasites — like Professor Drummond's Hermit-crabs. Unfortunately, we must confess with sorrow that the Church of Christ, through the want of zeal, has become somewhat like the hermit-crab. As the hermit-crab has partly lost his crustacean cover ing, his fourth and fifth pairs of limbs, and some of his vital organs — not through any direct intervention of the hand of God, but through his own laziness in not exercising them according to the Divine inten tion—so likewise the Church of Christ has partly lost, if not altogether lost, several of the gifts of the Spirit. ' The gift of healing,' ' the working of miracles,' ' prophecy,' and other gifts referred to by St. Paul in 1 Cor. xii. 9, 10, may be mentioned as instances to the point. How did Jhe Church lose these spiritual powers, which were given her to profit withal ? Of course we know that it is usual to say that God has withdrawn them from her, according to the dictates of His Divine wisdom. Why should He do so ? Is it not more in accord ance with the Divine laws that govern both the natural and spiritual world to suppose that we have lost them, or partly lost them, in a similar way to that in which the hermit- crab has lost, or partly lost, some of his limbs and organs ? And is it not more becoming in us to confess that centuries of the want of zeal in exercising these spiritual powers has been the real cause of their loss, rather than to assume, without any good foundation, that God has taken them from us? The loss of these spiritual powers has been a serious loss to the Church ; it has maimed the 'Body of Christ.' It is not within the province of this address to discuss the question whether or not they will ever be restored to the Churchy as they existed in the apostolic age. But the bearing of the question upon the subject in hand demands that we should say, that we cannot reasonably expect them to be restored by the repetition of the process by which they were given. As we never expect the restoration of an atrophied limb by the intervention of God's creative power, or the restoration of the charisma of baptism by being re- baptised, or the restoration of the charisma of the laying on of hands by being re-ordained, so we must not expect the Pentecostal baptism of fire to be repeated, in order to restore to the Church these charismata of the Spirit. If we look for their restoration at all, we can only reasonably look for them by the reversion of the process by which they were lost. I had written what I have now said before I heard the remarkable statement which you made, my Lord, in your address at the opening of the Church Army Hall last Friday. You then told us 'that forty years ago the evangelistic gift was dormant in the Church of England, but that a few zealous men then began to use it, and that now it has been developed to a wonderful extent.' The conclusions I had arrived at by the process of reason have been proved true Jby your personal experience in relation to one of the gifts of the Spirit. In the face of these facts, the importance of zeal is very apparent, and each one of us should take deeply to heart the exhortation of St. Paul to Timothy— ' Neglect not the gift which is in- thee' (1 Tim. iv. 14). How can we clergymen expect to develop the spiritual life in our own souls, and promote religion among those who live within the sphere of our influence, if we hibernate in our studies and get frozen up in our pulpits and parishes? How can you, my brethren of the laity, expect to do so as long as you are so much alive and active when there are riches to be gained, and posts of honour to be won, but are so sluggish in the service of God, and go about your religious work at a snail-pace, and whenever poked up with a gentle admonition to a little more activity, you draw in your horns, put up your backs, and retire to your shells? As long as the laws of God operate as they do, if we neglect to exercise our capacities and spiritual powers they will become atrophied, and our souls will deteriorate ; but if we quicken them to activity by Christian zeal, we shall become 'strong in the Lord,' and 'grow into the measure of the stature of Christ.' 2\. The second reason why zeal is one of the most effective means of promoting religion is that it raises our capacities and powers to their highest pitch of efficiency. As the heat of the sun raises the fructifying powers of nature to their highest pitch of efficiency, and develops flowers and fruits to their highest degree of perfection, so likewise the warmth of Christian zeal raises the capacities and powers of the soul to their highest pitch of efficiency, and develops the fruits of righteousness to their highest possible perfection. Great military commanders, being aware of this fact, when they have on hand any enterprise which they can only hope to carry out successfully with men whose military capacities are at their highest pitch of efficiency, generally call for volunteers, because they can always depend on volunteers being full of zeal, and all their capacities thereby raised to their highest pitch of efficiency; and it is quite evident that a person in his fittest condition, exerting his powers to their very highest degree of efficiency, can do a great deal more, and do it very much better, than under any other conditions. St. Paul may have had in his frail body the natural energies of a giant, the mental capacities of a genius, and the spirit of a martyr; but he never could have worked as he did, written the Epistles which bear his name, and endured. what he went through, without the 'zeal of God' which burned in his soul. Whitfield may have had the natural gift of eloquence to a high degree, but he could not have moved to penitential tears, and kindled to enthusiasm for religion, vast multitudes of hardened sinners, as he did whenever he preached, if his heart had not been hot within him with Christian zeal. Charles Wesley and John Keble might have written verses even as beautiful as Byron's ' Hebrew Melodies' without the zeal of God ; but they could never have written their immortal hymns, which have inspired the devotions of millions, brightened many chambers of affliction with heavenly hope, and contributed much heavenliness to the worship of the Church, if this celestial fire had not been burning on the altar of their hearts. Capacities and powers for spiritual work of every kind are raised by zeal to their highest pitch of emciency. This fact shows the importance of it as means of promoting religion. It is a grievous and a culpable thing to possess a giant's strength without exerting it beyond the strength of an infant while there is an urgent need for the whole of it — to possess the capaci ties and the spiritual gifts of apostles and presbyters and deacons, and strong men, and to be living and acting as if we were only babes in Christ. 3\. The third special reason why Christian zeal is one of the most effective means of promoting religion is that it puts in operation great spiritual forces. There are great forces in nature which lie more or less dormant nnlil man puts them in operation, and science has already enabled man to put many of these latent forces of nature in operation in a way that has revolutionised the social condition of mankind. There are also great spiritual forces in the Church, which God has put under our control in order to help us to promote His kingdom in the world. They are frequently referred to by St. Paul (Eom. xii. 6 ; 1 Cor. xii. 4, 9 ; 1 Tim. iv. 14 ; 2 Tim. i. 6), and once by St. Peter (1 Peter iv. 10). These charismata, or spiritual forces, lie dormant until they are put in operation by Christian zeal. This fact is evidently referred to by St. Paul in 2 Tim. i. 6, where he says, ' For the which cause I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee through the laying on of my hands' — kindle into a flame the charisma of God, which is in thee through the laying on of my hands. Of course it would be an anachronism to suppose that St. Paul, when he wrote these words, had in his mind a man with a light in his hand standing over a heap of gunpowder, or a man at the wheels of a steam engine, or a man with his finger close to the button of an electric battery. But as we know of the latent forces of nature, and of man's power over them, so he knew the corresponding truth in the spiritual world. He knew that the person who had received the charisma of God through baptism, through confirma tion, through the laying on of hands at his ordination, or through the operation of the Holy Ghost in some other way, was put within touch of mighty spiritual forces, which he might put in operation by Christian zeal. He and the other holy apostles knew this by inspiration, and by personal experience. Persons who set whole trains or large ships in quick motion, who demolish strong fortifications in a very short time, who lighten large cities with a blaze of light in midnight darkness, have no greater inherent powers than other men ; but they accomplish these wonder ful feats by putting in operation the latent forces of nature. In like manner also the holy apostles and the great host of religious reformers, who in their day demolished strongholds of sin and Satan, who made the light of the glorious Gospel of the Blessed God blaze in the midst of the world's spiritual darkness, and who gave fresh impetus to the great ship of the Church in its heavenward progress, had no greater inherent power than others; but they accomplished their glorious works by putting in operation great spiritual forces. The fact that Christian zeal quickens the dormant capacities and powers of the soul to activity, and the fact that it raises them to their highest pitch of efficiency, shows its importance and efficacy as means of promoting religion in a light as clear as that of the sun ; but the fact that it puts in operation great spiritual forces, which God has put under our control in order to help us to promote His kingdom, shows its importance as means of promoting religion in the light of heaven. When our capacities and powers are quickened and raised to their highest pitch of efficiency, even then we can do nothing that will effectively promote religion unless we are assisted by the great spiritual forces of Divine grace. But when our own best efforts are so supported and assisted, 'we can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth us' — all things which men may be expected to do, and all things which God requires us to do. HOW ABE WE TO ATTAIN THIS CHRISTIAN ZEAL? is a question of great practical importance. It goes without saying in this Assembly that only those who are true disciples of Jesus Christ can be animated by true Christian zeal, and that no one can be a true disciple of Jesus Christ without having some measure of 'the zeal of God.' What we want to know is how to fan its burning embers into a flaming fire in our hearts. The biography of all those who possessed it in a pre-eminent degree shows that they 'walked in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord ;' and above all things it shows that they spent much time in prayer, and frequently participated of the Holy Communion. We may reasonably suppose that this had more to do with kindling zeal in their hearts than anything else, because the ordinances of the Gospel are not lifeless forms, but effectual means of uniting us in a living union with Christ, and ' by the which He doth work invisibly in us, and doth not only quicken, but also strengthen and confirm our faith in Him.' If we follow their example, and 'rightly and worthily' use the ordinances of the Gospel, we shall be so united with our Blessed Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ that His zeal will pass into our hearts as an electric current passes from hand to hand when joined together and united to its generating source. Our hearts will be filled with the spirit of Christ ; the desire to promote religion will become the ruling power in the soul; we shall become burning and shining lights in the world, and God will be glorified in us and in our work. 