LACROSSE. The selection committee meets to-morrow night to select the Victorian tuum for the Intercolonial match against South Australia ou ; tho 6th prox. There nre at louat 20 playcra with reasonable vlultns for consideration so that Hie task la by no menus on unviable Tho position of goalkeeper lies between Search (Easendon) and Delves (St. Hilda). Koch of tho throe leading club "centres ' White (M.C.C.), Wottonhal! (University), and Cox (St. Kllda), havo strong claims for inclu sion to take up duty in that position in tho big match. Perhaps the hardest task of all will bo the narrowing down of tho following players to tho flvo defence and back positions In tho 'team:— Hondflold and JacobB (M.C.C.), Wilsou and Russell (University), flainbrldgo and Walsh (Hawthorn), and M'Doncll (St. Kllda). It must also bo borno In mind thnt any of tho leadlug "centres" boforo-mcuUloned would make capablo defenders. Thdre seems to bo only two attack wing players worthy ot consideration, and 1 accord them a walk-over tor their places in the team. These are Wingrovo. (University) and Shell (M.C.C.). It nay Also be taken for granted the-B and . C. Murray (M.C.C.) will be "Loft Homo" and "Homo" respectively, but It will require «" ful consideration to decide whother Goes (Hawthorn), Rudd (Unlvorslty). Skmaon (M.C.C. b or Oay (Easendon) should play "Right Heme." The South Australians aro having an anxious time regarding their team. Player after player seems to find out. after rejection, that bo cannot get away. The latest lafor- motion to hand still finds them with a power ful side, although certainly not tbclr brat. It Is as follows:— Ayers (gul), Harobrldge. Auld, and Stuart Ibocks), Hay and Downer (dofence), Acraraan (centre), Drew and C. New- land (attacks), P, Newland. Douglas, and Blockey (homes). Hay Is a doubtful starter, and his place may yet be token by G. Mildred. Kell Is also likely to come over, and may play Instead of either Blockey or C. Newland. It Is only necessary to odd that 10 out of the 14 have playwl either last year or the year before, when Victoria waa so shamefullybealen, to show that It Is by no means a weak team, and that It will take a very strong Victorian side to have a ghost of a chanco with them. , 