WELCOME TO REV. S. T. PITMAN. The Grafton congregation of thc Baptist Church tendered a welcome tea to their new pastor on Wednesday evening. The church was decorated with evergreens, while over the platform were two "welcomes," and another over the southern entrance. The tea was provided by ladies of the congregation, and served in the church to about 100 people. After tea the platform was occupied by the Revs. A. Frazer, S. T. Pitman, and T. H. Jaggers. Mr. J. Wingfield, secretary to the church, occupied the chair. An apology was received from Rev. I. Mackay. Mr. Wingfield said thc church had been without a pastor for about nine months, during which time they had been favoured with a visit from a deputy of the Union, and one from Rev. Mr. Taylor, both of whom were very well impressed with Grafton and the church. Then came the Rev. Mr. Pitman, and after a short time they decided to givo him a call. Personally he was glad Mr. Pitman had accepted, and they were met to give him an earnest and hearty welcome. Rev. T. H. Jaggers said it appeared as if the changes in connection with that church had been rapid. He compared the early days of the church at Grafton with the present position, and they might ask them- selves if it was prospering. That church had passed its 21st year. The times had been hard since 1890, but this should not have anything to do with the spiritual work amongst them. It was stated that some had left the district, but what became of the young people that were growing up? Again, some had passed away; some had fallen away, and forgotten their first love. It was not for want of energy or power, or opportunity, or of money, that they did not progress, though there was a great deal in these. He instanced how hundreds had attended the welcomes to Revs. R. F. Beecher, Dr. Porter, and other visitors. Neither was it for want of appeals to them that they had not prospered as they might. Then what was it that was wanted? The source of defect was in their own hearts. Then what was to bo done? They had done a good thing in their last act in giving a call to their pastor. They were fortunate in getting such a young man in response to their prayers, one in the full vigour of health. Then, were they to resort to tea meetings and socials? He did not say a word against these, which were right in their own place. But a pastor must do one thing, and that was his duty. But though he might possess the eloquence of a Demosthenes, guided by tho words of Solomon, and have the physical energy of Samson, he could not succeed unless the people did their duty. They might be bad, but they might be far worse: their church was out of debt, and he did not believe there was another church in Grafton that could say the same. They needed some of Christ in their hearts, and less of the world, and he trusted their pastor would prove a man filled with the Holy Ghost and with power, then the church would shine as the sun. He would assist them in the future as in the past, and he expressed the belief that he and Mr. Pitman would co-oporate heartily together. Rev. A. Fraser had much pleasure in being present to welcome their new minister. He had, since he came to Australia, been on the platform of almost every denomination, and he was always happy to extend the hand of fellowship to ministers ot other churches. They were making a new start, and had given a call that brought people and minister into closer relation- ship than otherwise obtained. This system of call also involved greater responsibilities. As pastors, they required tact and common sense, where to act and where to speak. The minister of a congregation was placed in a peculiar position, that called from his people their, sympathy, prayers and co-operation. It was a great privilege to a congregation to be free to call any minister they thought fit, and it was their duty to make their pastor's ministry a pleasant and profitable one. He was pleased to see so many young people present, and these could, if as enthusiastic as in amusements and in thc departments of life, do much in church work. He was afraid, though speaking as a visitor, that there were many young people who did not attend service. Mr. W. Haines, on behalf of the Church, gave Mr. Pitman the hand of fellowship, and also accorded him a hearty welcome as a citizen. He included Mrs. Pitman in tho welcome. Mr. Albert Gray, on behalf of the Christian Endea- vour Society, gave a welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Pitman and family. Rev. Mr. Pitman referred to the hearty reception he received from his friends, of whom he was pleased to have so many. He accepted the welcome, and trusted it would bo continuously manifested so long as he was settled in Grafton. If he could judge by the welcome received, he had high expectations, and trusted he would have their co-operation in his ministerial work. It was usual for a minister on these occasions, and about his work in his new sphere; but he had done this already on the first Sunday of his return. He explained his call to the ministry, and also to the ministry of that church. He had been happily settled in his former charge, which he occupied for five years. He suddenly received a letter from an old friend, now at Parramatta, giving some information of the Graf- ton charge and its requirements. He required a month's change, and availed himself of the oppor- tunity to visit Grafton, but had not the slightest idea of accepting the call. He was spoken to on the subject of a settlement before he left here, but gave no opinion on the subject. There was no financial advantage in accepting the call to Grafton, and this he was pleased at, as it could not be said he accepted the charge on that respect. He finally decided to come to Grafton, and was grateful for tho good feeling evinced towards him not only by the members of his own denomina- tion, but by the representatives of others. He trusted the sentiments that characterised Mr. Fraser's speech were those of the Presbyterians generally. His train- ing in the Southern colony had been in a Presbyterian College, and he naturally had a warm feeling towards them. He met with uniform kindness and courtesy in the Theological Hall, and these relationships had con- tinued in the places where he had since resided. He was also grateful for the kind remarks of Rev. T. H. Jaggers. He trusted his stay, whether long or short, would bo profitable to his hearers, himself, and the glory of God, whose name he wanted to extol. He demanded for himself liberty of thought and liberty of speech as a preacher, and would not ask members of the church what doctrine he was to preach, or what he was to leave untaught. If they thought any time he was wrong, then thay could speak in a kindly spirit, and show him where he erred and they were right. He also granted them liberty to speak and act in their relationship with him, so long as they did not interfere with him. He trusted that God's blessing would be upon them as they laboured together. He appealed to the Endeavourers to rally round him, he was one of them; their motto was for God and the church, and they would ignore the church If they were ignoring the claims of Christ. If they wanted to extol the name of Jesus, they must stand by the preacher and minister of the church. If they did their best their hearts would be blessed and their God glorified. He trusted that the relationship entered into so fully that night would be sustained so long as ths Master should see flt, and may pros- perity crown their efforts for His sake. During the evening a welcome and a closing chorus were given by the Choir. The children also sang two choruses, while two solos were sung by Miss Cox. Miss Denning presided at the organ. 