WM. RAYNOR. [COFTRIUHT.] DRAH Balmer Mat in the par* lour of her father's Louse si Smartfituiic in Yorkshire. Before her wu an open news paper which hud been de livered by the postman a few minutes pre viously. It w h s the Wurrjwa^o (Australia) Mercury, and fllPffl t'M (1I1A paragraph which lmtl beeu marked in red ink, apparently to call Korah'a attention to it. DEATH#. HORN1M9TLE-—On ttatiirday, the 8th Sep tember* at WurrywAyo, John Stuart Hon* omtie, aged «yeara, of dyaootery, after an illness of only two days. Norah stared at the paper with dry eyes, her Hps drawn tightly together with an ex pression of inward agony on her face. Then nature camo to her relief, and ahe aobbod piteoualy. " Dead!" sho cried. " Ob, my poor, poor Jack! The light of my life is blotted out." And it seemed tie if she spoke truly. Instead of the brisk. Happy Noran of old, ene became as if by tbo touch of a magician's wand a plodding, careworn young woman, going about her work in her father's bouse without heart, and simply as a matter of duty and routine. In one uhort day elie appeared to have aged ten years. Norah's father was a grocer, but bin trade was not flourishing. He was a shopkeeper of the old school; competition bad aribeu which he oould sot oope with ; and that, and an unfortunate tendency on bis part to drown his cares in the cup that inebriates, had sent him on the downward path. By far his largest creditor was Firmnk Parketer, a young man of means who bad succeeded to a good wholesale grocer's business; and Frank had fallen hopelessly in love with Komh Baltner —hopelessly, because her heart was already 'given to Jack Horn castle. Frank, however, was a persistent suitor, and bad more thau onoe intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if be oould induce bis daughter to accept him he would wipe off all his debts and practically pension the old roan off. To do Mr. Balmer justice, be bad not, hitherto, pressed Norah on tbe subject. He respected her love for Jack, and now that Jade was dead, after allowing time for tbe first passionate grief to subside, be gently put U to her whether eto oould not bring herself to many Frank Parketer and save her old father and herself from rain. Norah did not care what happened to ber, and she allowed herself to be lea like a lamb to the slaughter. Frank Parketer's and Norah's tastes did not prove to be in oommon. Fast, fond of a town Rfe, and a littlo given to betting, be soon got tirod of bis handsome, quiet wife, and, reeking those pleasures that were con genial to him, he left her at home to care for tlieir only child, a girl, Norah. Mrs. Parketer passively submitted to his neglect; and wheu, after six years of wedded life, her husband died from the effects of dissipation, leaving bis affaire so involved that sho was thrown on the world almost penniless, she applied herself with quiet fortitude to the task of earning bread for herself and her daughter. Ah a mother she loved her little Norah devotedly, though ber life, so to speak, was buried with JaokBorn castle. Little Norah wu ** little ** no longer. Although only sixteen she was tall, with a •edato and pensive expression which gave her en appearance of bung older than aoe really was. Mrs. Parketar bad oontrived to keep her daughter and herself by means of her needle, but her sight hud lately been failing, and the doctor told her that uhe must give her eye* a oomptete test or she would very likely go blind. This seemed impossible, but young Norah had met herself to learn shorthand and typewriting, and was now trying hard to obtain a situation, so as by bur earnings to let her mother have the rest she required. She answered advertisements and eagerly watched the postman on his round*, but disappointment had hitherto been her lot. At last, however, one morning, there was the unusual but welcome 14 rat-tat/' "Mother, mother!" shecried. "1'vegota letter* I am to go and sec the gentleman this morning. It's at the 'Australian Wool Agency' In Hoorgatc street." " I pray God you may be suooessful, my darling.** "On, I am aure I shall get the place," oried Norah hopefully." I have a presentiment that I shall." | "Ah, child, presentiments, when they are 1 of good fortune, ate mostly thoughts oorn of wiraes," replied her mother. 44 But let me look at the fetter." Norah handed her a typewritten note. "Mr. Hornoastle will be glad if Mwb Parketer will call upon him to-morrow I morning at eleven o'olook." 1 " Hornoaetle!" murmured Mrs. Parketer. I " How different it would all have been if poor Jack had not died." "What did you say, mother PM asked Norah. " Nothing, my darling. I was only think ing, The name of Homcastle reminded me of someone whom I lotew yean ago. If the name goes for anything in the way of good luck," she added, with n ghost of a smile, "you ought «obeauooessful." Norab. anxious not to be late, arrived in Moorgato rtreet fall ten minutes too woou. The youth who whb in titc olfiw knew her errand, attd the idea '>f this tall, ladylike girl beiug his fellow-cleik was curious to him. Re received her with a strange mixture of shy respect and familiarity. "Mr. HornoasUo hasn'tcome yet, misa," he said. 44 It's not a market day, you know, and he's never here before eleven on * off days.* " *4 Oh, thank you," she answered timidly* "1 will wait." "Here's a chair, miss," aaid the clerk, as he shifted one towards her. "The guvnor's sure to be here at eleven. He's awfully punctual." Hie ten minute* seemed an age to Norab, but precisely as the clock in the Bank of England clanged out the hour the office door was thrown open, and a fine, broad* shouldered, athletic.looking man of about forty years of age, or perhaps a little more, walked in. He glancea at the girl who was sitting in the r»iied>iu spaoe that did duty for a waiting*room, and, as he did so, his face palod visibly and lie stared at her so fixedly that she felt quite confused. "A.h! You've ualled in auswer to my note, haven't you*" he said, as he noticed herriHing colour. "I will see you almost immediately—soon a* I have opened my letters." The letters were few and unimpurtant that morning, and what there were were quickly thrown aside. But Mr. Horn castle sat with his chin on his band in deep thought. "Strange!" he muttered. "I selected her letter out of hundreds because of the uaute of Norah, and she1* the very image of my poor sweetheart." Then he remembered that the "image" was waiting, and lie called for her to be shown in. M Take a seat, Miss I'arketcr," be said, as he artfully placed a chair where the light would fall full upon her. " You can use the typewriter P" Bhe was nervous and trembling. "I have learnt it, sir," shereplicd. ''But • X—I've net had a situation ret.'* "I see," ha said, smilingly. "And the idea of applying for one flurriea you a little. Wet], now, pappose you take a nolo of a letter in shorthand and then typo it at the niHohine, mi tbat I can fine how von manage it. Take your timn now. And don't bo too juiximiH. I am quite willing- to make all allnwanue* ior you," ho addled kindly. This big", «trong |?ctitlrmnn was Very nice and reaHMiring, Nornb thought, and it gave her courage. Hhn took the note from his dictation aud typed it absolutely without mistake. « " That's famously douc," be said. And be offered her a wage which was considerably more than she bad expected. " You can start to-morrow/' be continued. " But before yon go might I ask you a few question* as to yourself f" Norab orimsoned as sho opened her little aatobel. "I quite forgot, sir/' she answered. "I have a letter here as to ray character from our clergyman and also one from tho firm that mower has worked for as to our respect ability." " 1 did not mean that," he replied, with a wave of the hand. " I am satisfied with you without anything of that aort. But you remind me forcibly of someone el#c. Where were you bom?" The abruptness of the question startled her. "I-I wai born at Smartstone in York shire, sir." "Very extraordinary! Very extra ordinary !" be exclaimed. 14 Have you any one of the name of Baltner in your family P '•My mother's maiden name was Balmer," she said. "It's strange," he cried. u I thought that I knew every family in Smartstone, and yet I only knew one Balmer. Samuel Balmer, the grocer." '* He was my grandfather, air. I recollect him well. He died when I was six ynrs old, just before toy owp father died.'9 Mr. Horncastle jumped from his chair And walked the room excitedly. "Ik your motber*8 name Norabf like your* 'r" he auked. '♦ You, her uatne's Horab, sir." "Then I've been wiokedly imposed upon," he cried. And, shouting to the youth in the office, he told him to fetch a cab immediately. Then he unlocked a safe and took a email packet of newnpapers from a drawer. And in less than half an hour a uab con taining Mr. Hors»ca«Ue and the wondering Norah drove up to the little house at High bury, where she and her mother lodged* "Norah!" And Mr. Hornoastie's newly.engaged lady olerk vu astounded to see her -employer seise her mother, who started nobbing hysterically, and ciasp her to hit breast. " I cunuot havp yon for » clerk, Norah," said Jack Hornoaa&e;, after he had heard her mother's story. '* Ton most be toy daughter instead." " Bat, Jack!** cried Mrs. Farkecer. *'I duu't understand it. Tour death was adver tised in the paper." "So was youn, my lore,*' be said. "I have the old copy of the Smartatone Chronicle in my pocket. Look!" And Urn. Parketer and young Norah read die advertisement of the formers death. " Yett, it'a in that paper," said Mrs. Marketer. "But I can swear it wasn't the real 8martatone Chronicle, because father took it every week, and—and it'a absurd!" "Someone most have falsified the papers both in Australia and in England* said Jack. Some villain— " "Hush, Jack,*' she said, gently. "It must have been Frank. He's dead." And so it proved. Jack met a man in London some time afterwards who bad been at Wurrywayo, and who knew a printer in the newspaper office, a relative of rarkcterV On his deauibed this printer bad confessed to Jack's informant that be bad altered the type, by arrangement with Parketer, after the regular copies of the paper had bet?u printed, and had inserted a false notice of Jack's death in it. "It teemed to haunt him in hie dying hour," said the man. "He told me all about ft, and made me promise to try and undo any mischief that might have been done. But it was so long ago that I thought it better not to take any notice." M But how about the Smartstono paper?" queried Jack. 44 Oh, of ouurae, Parketer must have played the same trick there, too 1 He bribed some' body iu the office to strike off one false priut. It would be easy enough if the paper wasn't stereotypy*" 