DIVERS' PERILS. NOT THE LEAST OF THEM; THE MONSTERS OF THE SEA. SUBMARINE GHOSTS. Divers who have been down in foreign seas tell of exciting encounters with sharks. But it appears that " the demon of the sea." with all Its voracity. is a little timid in presence of the strange creature thai wear a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing air-bubbles. A diver who spent some years at the Aus tralian pearl fisheries describe In this way his first encounter with a shark:- "1 felt instinctively," he say, "a strange presence before I saw anything. The small tlsh usually found in great numbers among the corals had en tirely dlsappeared and the absence of these flitting little companions, when one has become accustomed to them, pro duces the effect of intense stillness. A creepy, indefinable sensation of dread took hold of me, and It became one of downright terror when I turned and saw. within ten feet of me. the bulk of an immense shark. The creature lay almost motionless, half-hidden among a mass of cobweb coralllnes. My flrst thought was to be pulled up: but as flsh have human nature enough to want a thing a soon as they see it Is being taken away from them, I rejected the Idea. A sweep of its tall, and the great flsh and I were face to face. Holding my breath, I stood perfectly still,my heart beating wildly and my eyes rivetted on the wicked eye and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster was Inspecting me with same curiosity, and after a few moment I became, aware that by an almost Imperceptible motion of its flexible tall It was gradually approach ing me. Nearer and nearer came the leviathan, the shovel-shaped nose point ing directly to my face-glass. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and with a yell I threw up my arm. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished. Another shark story, this time from the West Indies. "A large steamer," the diver relates, "had struck on a reef and then slipped off Into deep water, taking with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were par ticularly wanted, and I was in the chart room under the bridge working for them when suddenly, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big brute between me and the door. I went creepy all over, I can tell you. But I kept still and so did he, except that he worked a tin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a tide. I got the knife in my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move toward the door, and had al most reached It when the shark made a sudden rush in the same direction— and disappeared. Which of us got. the bigger fright I don't know. But encounters with sharks don't al ways end so. Some years ago an English diver, who was at work on a sunken wreck off the island of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark every day for a week. At first he had no trouble in scaring it away. It was enough if he gave a turn to the escape- valve In his helmet and let out a little air. But at the end of the week It had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and a looped rope, and then boldly held out his bare band as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush and was turning on Its back when It was stabbed by the dlver, who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be Included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his bread in the sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two ghosts, "full fathom live" under the surface. He had gone down to the wreck of a large steamer, and was cross ing, the main saloon when two grey shapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal, and was at once pulled up. Told In the cheerful light of day. lt seemed rather a tame story: and another diver went down to see what he could make of It, Towards him also came the shambling grey shape. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then, going boldly forward, struck his hatchet through— a mirror! The ghosts were only a dim reflectlon of his own legs, much enlarged, of course, as every thing is that a diver sees through the great frontal eye of his helmet. 