THE JRassM IriM Bv Mbs. G. Shblbon, Authoress of " Dorothy 8 Jewels. CHAPTKR. XV (Continued). " Anna I" Mrs Weld then heard Air Goddard say, in a grave, rather !>eremp- lory tone. 44 Well, Gerald 1" with a little ring of defiance to the musical tones. 44 Yon muBt give it to me." 41 Why will you j>ersist in harassing me upon the subject, Gerald ?" said mad.imc, BOiuewhat impatiently. 44 1 have told you that 1 will not, and that settles tho matter." 41 It does not settle it. 1 tell you 1 must have it." 44 4 Must ' is a fitrong word, Mr God dard." 44 1 have Bet toy hfcartrtupon- it; the cerfcificatAt>elOTigB "to : ine — it'is the only proof ia ©Yisteoce, of"— —of acfert' iu. event, and it maybe of -inestimable value to me, if I Bhould ever — — " 44 Bah! you never will," sharply in- terropted %us -companion. 4'1 supposed you had relinqaiished-that idea long ago." 44lhavefnot — I have tried to, but it clings to tub Wn.'gpite of nil my efforts. But that does not necessarily affect the question under' discussion. 1 want "that document and — I am gouig to have it, tho man concluded, in a determined ' y/yu can get it, you mean, Gerald," his wife mockingly reLurned. 44 No, no, my dear old boy — that is tho cnly whip that 1 have ho hold over you." 44 perhaps yon have destroyed it, said Mr Goddard, in a toue indicative of anxiety. 44 Ha, ha 1 that would bo rather hard on you, wouldu't it, dear ? ' laughed madame, wickedly. 44 Have you ?" cried the mau, in an awful voice 44 There, there 1 don't fly in lo a pas sion, Gerald," was the mocking re joinder. Then, adopting a xnor; earnest tone : 44 But be at rest — 1 have not— I have it safe," though I should have bhrned it years ago, but for the hope that you would Bome day purchase it of me, upon my own terms." 44 Purchase it V repeated tue man, bitterly. 44 Yes, I know that your bank account is rather limited jUBt now, Gerald," said roadame, with a lightlaugh. 44 llut 1 was not thinking of placing a money value upon the pj>er when 1 spoke, kou know the price 1 have set upon it — it ia simply a condition, and 1 do not need to repeat it to you. 1 told it to you only the other day ; and when jou are ready to comply with that, i will do the right thing by you." 44 You axe so unreasonable. Anna." 44 A woman is alwajH unreasonable, Gerald, when she refuses to do what her husband wishes her to do, or asks of him eomethiog that he is unwilhug to do. The. mau Bwore at her under his breath. 44 I will )tave it, though,5' lie added, fiercely. Tut, tat, dear ; don't lose your tem per," saidmadame, tantalismgly. 1 hcu, MBUQiiug A more friendly tone, she con tinued : 441Come, Gerald, do net let na quarrel ; tJus week at all events. 1 am determined to have a good time, and to make all oar guest enjoy themselves, if grand success. But 1 must not stand here talking ; there are a thousand and one things to be done. 1 was just coming iu to chanue toy dress, to go to town upon a very important eirand. X'iease order the carriage for me while I am getting ready And the erratic woman who could be so malicious one moment and'charmitig as an houri the next, leaned forward and touched her husband's cheek with her red lipB, the souud of her caresB reaching the ears of the woman within the sewing room and "CaciBiug her to flush to her ' brows. Then she vAfcftahed into her'own room farther down the hall, shutting the dour After her, and thus patting an eud to the conversation, which had resulted in Bucb a palpabla defeat -to the master of the house, and which, if madarne had -but known it, was destined to prove thfi 'firat downward utep in her own'ibrilliauL but rather questionable career. ' CHATTER XVI. 44 there ARB GHOST'S AND — GHOSTS !" After niadame a diaappitaraiice within her own room, Gerald Goddard slowly retraced his-st-eps downstairs, no choice left him but' to do her bidding. but the listener, within the sewiug- room, who had sat as motion ess as a statue during his conversation with his wife, heard an irritable oath escape him as he went. The woman herself had been strangely affected by 'Vhat Bhe had heard. She was as Vhite as chaik, or would have been but for the yellow stain that disguised her complexion. She had removed her spectacles again, and her «yes were gleaming with a etrange, almost savage light. She started, excitedly, to her feet, as she heard the hall-door close after the master of the house. 44 What did they mean J" »hc muttered, hoarsely. 44 A certificate I W hy did »he » leal it from him? Why does she need to hold it as a whip over him ? 'Why is he so anxioaB to get it back into his own possession 1" The woman s face was a study as she gave utterance to these excited queries, which were evidently of a very perplexing nature to her. All at once ehe started, as if some fresh thought had sent a shock through her frame. 44 Aha I can it be possible that there was another ?" she continued, excitedly. 44 nd is it that which bIio has 4 stolen i Is it that of which he is so anxious to re gain possession ? What possible good could it do to him now ? Heavens 1 can it be that he hopes ; that he euspccta 1 ah, no ; that scheme was conducted so cleverly that he never could have known." She broke off suddenly, and sank back into her chair, where she remained iu profonud thought for several raninouw, arid, evideutly, preatl> exercised over some perplexing question. '1 believe that 1 am justified in my auspicious," she said at last. Yes, 1 am Almost sure, and ticmr J know -why / tun — hsrc'- — - — She drew herself erect, with an air of profound resolve. She laid her work upon the table, pat hor thimble, thread, and scissors beside it, then rising again, walked deliberately from the room. fihe weat. straight dowu the hall, for getting, in her eagernuas, to assume -her usual waddling gait and tapped upon Mrs Goddard'e door. 44 Come n, Edith," aaid that lady, thinking that was her compsoiou who was Hoekmg admittance. Mm Weld unhemtaunsly opened the . -door jand entered tho room. 4»Uh, ft m yout Mrs Weld," madame . remarked, in a tone of surprise, a slight ',:ft>wn of annoyance contracting her brow, "Xjrshs had conceived a strange dislike toward the awkward, blue spactacied housekeeper, although she could find no fault with her on the score of luefti- cioncy. 44 T "have coine, madame, to soc if von have any special orders regarding dinner this evening," the woman remarked. ! 44 Will extra cr.vers be required, aud what color do you wish iu the decorations V' 44 Yes, there will be four extra guests to-night," Mrs Goddard returned. 41 1 was coming to tell you presently, for I am going out for a few hoars," she added. 4'1 think we will uee scarlet for the table to- day and Mrs Weld, be sure to have fresh flowers put in the rooms of all the guests. "" 44 Very well ; is there anything else ?" inquired the housekeeper, while the keen eyes behind the blue glasses observed that madame was nervously fingering a iime- ye lowed document, which she was hold ing iu her hands, and which she had evi dently just taken Irom Ilia deptliB of her jewel-casket that stood upon the table besiae her. 4' No, unless — yes, I think I wi:l have the best service used to-night," ssid Aire Goddard, after considering a moment ; "'and all tho handsomest glassware. I -desire that the table shall be especially fine. Of course, the butler will attend to the arrangement as usual ; only, you have such excellent taste, Mrs Weld, if you happen to see any improvements that can be made, do not hesitate to suggest them. Where ia Edith, do you know ? ' she con cluded, as she laid in tho jewel-box the paper she held, and readjusted over It the cushion, which had evidently been pried from its place. " I think she is somewhere about the house. Shall I send her to you if I should happeu to see her?' Mrs Weld inquired. 44 Do, if you please," madame returned, whereupon the housekeeper waddled froui the mom. 41 Ugh ! tb.it woman gives mo the chills every time she comes near me," murmured the fair mistress of tho house, when she was once more alone. 4 Those glasses make her perfectly hideous, and lier coarse, grey hair, hanging down each aide of her face, is, to aay the least, unique. I sometmaeB think it isa«ig — 1 wonder if the woman is bald-headed, aud obliged to w eat one I But one should not mind things of such minor importance ; she certainly is the most efficient house keeper I have ever had ; she always seems U) know the proper thing to do at the proper time. I believe 1 would like to retain her for the towu lioue if 1 could find some reasonable excuse for dismissing Mia Brown. Perhaps I might get used to her peculiar j/erBonality after a while " While Mrs Goddard was musing tliUB inside her room, as she hastily exchanged her house-dress for a street costume, the object of her reflections was standing ill a profound reverie outside her door. 4< I shall kiiuw the nature of that docu ment before 1 leave this house," she mut tered. 41 Whether it proves to be wiiat 1 have uared to suspect or not, J must know ; if it should— ah 1 the day of j-etrii»utiou will not. be far away." She moved slowly and thoughtfully down the hall, and, turning into a wmg of the house, op-ned ihe door of a room where she heard some one moving about 44 Oh I" cried v.dith, brightly,"as she saw he.r, 44 why did you come quite so soon, Mrs Weld \ I am almost through, though. 1 have simply to arrange tho kuicknacks upon this dressing -case. I hope you arc rested/' she concluded, searching the 14 Yes, thank you. Miss Edith, T am feeling quite myself again, aud will finish tqmrU 1i"" ""ni" -""L "All! does site know that we ex changed work T' 44 No; I went, to her for orders, and she asked me if J had seen you," the housekeeper explained. "The dresB is doue, and 1 feel that you were very kind and thoughtful to let me fniish it while 3ou worked for me. I shall not soon furget tlio favor, I assure you." 44 Thank you ; but I hop I shall not give out again,1' said Mrs Weld, though with a mgh which betrayed that lier duties were somewhat irksome. "I hope not, indeed ; but, of course, there will be more and more to do until this frolic is over, and it will be a won der if you, and everybody else, do not get tired out. Is there anything" else that 1 can do for you, by and by 1" Edith kindly inquired. 44 Madame wishes freah flowers ar ranged in all tho guest-chainbors ; and, if you can spare the time when she is through with you, it would bo a great help if you could attend to the matter." 41 I shoull like to, above all things, " said Edith, eagerly. '4 1 aai very foud of (lowers, and thev do have such lovely ones in the greenhouses here. But I must run away now, suppose." And, divesting herself of her spotless turban and apron, the girl, happy in having done an act of kindness, hastened away to Mrs Goddard's room. 44 Is my. dress ready, Edith T 4 that lady inquired, when she made her appearance. 44 YiiB ; shall 1 bring it now ?' 14 Do, for 1 am going to town, and wish to get some lace for the sleeves and ueck ; you will have to measure aud tell mo how much i need." Edith went out, and soon returned wit-h the dainty waist. 44 You have done it beautifully," said madame, as she examined it 44 You are very expert with your needle, child." Tiie girl flushed, but did not unde ceive her regarding her mistake although she f»lt somewhat guilty to receive prrie to which bHo was not juBtly entitled, even though she knew that aho could have performed the task exactly as well. She measured for the lace, aud ten minutes later madame was ou her way to tjwn. Later in tho afternoon, while Mrs Weld was in the dining-room, superin tending, in a general waj', the arrange ment of the table, Mr Goddard entered to give some orders to ihe butler regard ing a case of liquors that had juat arrived. That colored functionary was standing beside the housekeeper, consulting with her regarding the disposition of some table decoratioue, and as Mr Goddard approached them, the woman shivered siigbtly, and somo napkins, which she bad been holding in her hands, fell in a heap upon the floor. Whether from accident t>r dosigu, Mrs Weld aud the master of the houso had Beidom met since the former had become & member of tho family, she having re ceived all ordera from Mrs Goddard, after her coming to Wyoming, and, although the gentleman was conscious that the comfort of his home was chiefly doe to her management, ho had paid but very little hoed to her presence personally. . He was alwayB punctiliously though distantly courteous to overy member of his houseiiold, and bq now-Imost in voluntarily, forgetting that the butler was there to perform the service — fie stooped to recover -the napkins for Airs Weld. Unfortunately, she 'also made the attempt to do so at the same moment, when her head came rudely in contact with the gentleman's arm, the encounter dislodging her glasses, -causing t.hem to | slip off and fall upon the linen. Mr Goddard, with a "polite "excuse 1 mo," looked quickly up to Bee what mischief he had done, when ho found himieif gazing directly into a pair of brill ;aul, magnificent brown oyea, that iuBtatnly acted like au electric battery upi.ni liim. "Good heavens!" he breathed, in a startled tone, every atom of color fading from his face. But Mrs Weld, with far moro nimble- uesa than one would have believed her capable uf exhibiting, quickly recovered, and replaced the spectacles, while she remarked, with apparent jrerfcct self- possession, and as if she had not heard Jiia sfarilud exclamation : 44 You are very excusable, bit thoy are not injured iu the least." 41 But, madame, I who — what !" stammered the man, a daxed look still on his white face, while ho a till gazed curiously at her. 44 Yes, ?ir ; Albert and I were some what in doubt whether to make one large centre-piece, as usual, or to have a smaller one at. each eud of tho table," the woman calmly observed, as if bIic had understood his disjointed queries to refer to the arrangement of the dinner- table. But she had drawn herself up with an air of dignity, as if tho little accident that had occurred was of no further con sequence to her. 44 1 — i cannot say. I am not capable of deciding tho matter ; you will have to cousultwith Mrs Goddard," faltered tho gentleman, as ho abruptly turned aud walked from the room, with the unccrtrin gait of a person who could not see distinctly. He went directly to his library, whero, shutting and locking the door, ho threw himself into a chair, and wiped the per spiration from his brow. 44 If 1 believed in th« transmigration of souls, 1 should almost be tempted to think that a ghost of the past bad come to haunt me in the form cf this hideous eld woman. Heavens! what eyesshe has I 1 never saw but one other pair like them in my life His head fell upon his breast, with a . aigb that was a" mart a groan 44 l do not believe can bear this kind of existence much longer," he continued, after a little while. 44 Day aud night I have a restless craving for something which I have not, and yet do not fully comprehend. Ofi ! God! if I could but live my life over, how differently 1 would spend it " 44 What have I amounted to, anyway?" he went ou, retrospectively. ,4 A man who begau his career with more than ordinary talentH, but misused aud neglected them to seek Iris own pleasure — to surfnt him self with the world by tasting of every folly under the sun, only to reap, in the end, a harvert of discontent and re- Uc'dropped his face upon liis hands, a bitter sob bursting from his lips. Tiie sound of it seemed to sting him to tho very soul, for he started angrily to his feet, hie face crimson, Ilia eyes blazing with passiou. " Well, old boy, this is a fine frame of uiind for you to get into he muttered, bitterly, as ho paced the room with an impatient step; "and ad because of a trivial accident that permitted you to look inui an old woman's eyes. Bali : it is altogether too late for you to think of mending your ways, Gerald ; there is nothing left for you but to go on, as you began —getting all the pleasure possible out of life, and, when the end comes, endure it as best you may." Aud with this cynical conclusion, the man tossed his head resolutely back, and, going to a card table, took from the drawer a pack of cards, and sat down to tiame of which, he was He preseutly became deeply absorbed in it, although the moody look still remained upon his face, and was only recalled to himself w hen tlic dressing bell— a half-hour preceding diuuer — pealed through the house, reminding him that there was a houseful of guestB to be tiMtertaiued, and that, as host, lu; must not be unmindful of the duty of hospitality. lie put aside his cards, and repaired at once to his chamber, from which, twenty minutes later, he emerged in full evening dress, and went below, where ho mingled with his guests, to whom he devoted himself with his UBua.1 affability. It was remarked, however, that he was not looking well, his extreme pallor and heavy eyefc.plainly indicating indisposition of some kind. He was, himself, conscious of the fact, consequently he kept away from his wife as much as possible, for he felt sure that her keen eyes would instantly detect the fact that something had gone wrong with him, and h« was in no mood to have old wounds probed for the second time that day He was not destined to escape, however, for madame had noticed, from hor end of the table, opposite him, at diuner, that something unusual was preying upon his mind. She was sure that ho waB not physically ill, for she had studied hiui too loug to be mistaken regarding his moods. But she found no opportunity to get a word with him until lato in the evening, when, after a spirited waltz with one of her guests, she found him standing in a corner, alono, and gazing, with an air of abstraction, upon the company around hira. He had cot seen, her approach him, consequently he waa taken entirely un awares when she reached his side, and whispered iu his ear : 44 What has happened, Gerald 1 You look as if you had eeen a ghoBt." He started; gailtily, at the unexpected aaHault, aud wondered whether it waB a simple coincidence, or whether she sus pected he had been haunted by those pitiless spectres, retnorao and discontent. "A ghoBt, Anna ?" ho repeated, trying to smile indifferently. ' Ato there any stalking about the house to -night ?" " Not for ?m ; but for you, 1 do not know," she replied, with aigni&cant; em phasis. 44 You know that I am not a believer in anything of the kind," ho coldly re turned. having now completely recovered hie self-possession. 44 There are ghosts and — ghosts,' she mockingly retorted ; 44 those consequent uponadiBcrdered digestion, and those that stalk close upon the heeis of conscience." 41 Keally, Anna, you are getting almost Shakespearean iu your similes/' was her husband's sarcastic response. 44 Thank you, dear," she said, with a derisive litdo laugh. 44 Hut you cannot hide behind pretty compliments the fact that you are not yourself to-night/' 44 I have hidden nothing from you. If I do not look well, it is because I am not feeling sof" he coldly returned. Bin tone irritated her, and detracted from the sympathy and anxiety which usually moved her when anything ailed him ; besides, she was in an unusually suspicious mood just then. 44 1 should judge so," she said, search ing liis lace sharply, 44 1 have not seen you look as you do to-night since' that never to be forgotten day -when you- received a certain important ifcOmmunica- tionrom Ned Itexford." 44 Anruxl" Gerald Goddard burst forth, hoarsely, 44will you neverliave done with that wretched subject ?" "/T'Bbe retorted, lifting a glance of assumed surprise to him, though her eyes were gleaming with malice, far she knew she had discovered the secret of his un- natural appearance. ' I should aajq rather, that it is you who are continually harping u;; 11 one string of late, with your ceaseless demand for a certain docu ment in my possession. ' 44 Cease 1" the man angrily commanded, and irritated beyond measure at having been trapped int« betraying the dis turbed state of his mind. 44 Since you have refused my request, I wish to hear no more about the subject." He turned abruptly from hor, as he ceased speaking, and walked to the oppo site end of the room. 44 1 wonder just what it is?' she mused, looking after him with anxious eyes, from, which all spite had now faded. "Something lias happened to upset him — something of more consequence than our little quarrel after lunch, and 1 do not believe that it is altogether coward conscience either/' But someone came to claim her atten tion juat then, aud, in the excitement of her duties as hostess, bIic forgot tho mat ter for the time. CHAPTER XVII. EDITH HECEIVDS A SOUTWTIR. Nothing further of special interest in connection with our story occurred during the next few days. Tlio weather was cold but fine ; the Bleiriung continued to bo excellent, and the gay company at Wyoming kept up their exciting round of pleasure both day and night. The theatricals wore coming on splen didly, tho play being heartily approved by those who were engaged iu preparing it, and Mrs Goddard appeared to be in the best of spirits over the success which it promised. On the afternoon of the all-important day a great packing case arrived from the city, aud was taken directly to madame's rooms. A few minutes later Edith was re- qnested to go to her, and, upon present ing herself at the door of hor boudoir, was drawn mysteriously inside, and the door locked. 41 Come," Baid madame, with a curious smile, as she led the way to the chamber beyond, 44 1 want you to assist me in un packing somettiiug." 44 Certainly. I shall bo very glad to help you/' tho young girl replied, with cheerful acquiescence. 44 It is one of the costumes that is to be worn this evening, and must be liati died very carefully," Mrs Goddard ex plained. As she Bpoke she cut the corda binding the great box, and, liftiug tho cover, re vealed some articles enveloped in quan tities of white tissue paper. 44 Take it out!" commanded madame, indicating the upper package. Edith obeyed, aud, upon removing the spotless wrappings, a beautiful skirt of white satin, richly trimmed with lace of an exquisite pattern, was revealed. 44 On. how lovely!" exclaimed the young girl, as, shaking it carefully out. bhe Lid the dainty robe upon the bed. Next came the waist or corsage, which was also a marvel of artistic taste and beauty. This was 'aid against the skirt, when the costume, thus complete, was a perfect delight to the evo. it looks like a bride's dress," Edith observed, as she gazed admiringly upon it. 4 You are right ! It is for the bride who figures in our play to-night," Baid madame. 44 But it lookB perfectly fresh — as if it had never been worn 1 " Edith remarked, in a tone of surprise. "GXpTsasly lor the occaBlon/'lwTa "owaumu- replied. 44 It seems almost too bad to use any thing so lovely just for a play — and I am sure it ia very extra vagaat," said the young girl, smiling, but speaking regret fully. 1 "Ah! but I was determined to snake the thing a success," returned madame, regarding her with a peculiar expression 44 1 had no notion of laying myself liable to criticism, fnr the want of a proper cos tume for my heroine The other cos tumes will all be fresh, in the last scene, lor tie young ladies had them made for the ball, so will wear them iu tbo play. This must be the veil, I think." she con cluded, lifting a large box from tho caso, and passing it to her companion. Edith removed the cover, and uttered an involuntary cry of delight, for before her lav a great mass of finest tulle, made up into a bridal veil, and surmounted by a coronet of white waxen orange- blossoms. There was also a corsage bouquet to match. Au examination of two other boxes disclosed a pair of white satin boots, em broidered with pearls, and a pair of long white kid gloves. 44 Everything is exquisite, and so com plete," murmured Edith, as she laid theni all out beside the dress and then stood gazing in rapt admiration upon the outfit. "Yes, of course, the bride will be the moat conspicuous figure in the last act — tho cynosure of all eyes, in fact — bo Bhe would need to be as complete and perfect as possible." Mrs Goddard explained, but watching the girl warily out of the cor ners of her eyes. 44 Who is going to wear it 1" Edith en quired, as she caressingly straightened out a spray of orange blossoms that had caught, in a ineBh of the laco. Madame's eyes gleamed strangely at the question 44 Alias Korby takes the part of tho heroine of the play," aho answered, "whom, by the way, 1 called Edith, be cause 1 iike the name so much. I did not think you would mind." 44 Oh, no," said iho girl, absently. Then, with a little start, she exclaimed, as she lifted something from the box from which the gloves had been taken . 4 Hut what is this ?' It waa a amall half-circle of fine white gauze, edged with a fringe of frosted silver, while a tiny chain of the same material was attached to each end. 44Oh! tliaf ia the mask," said Mrs , Goddard. "The mask? repeated Edith, sur prised. 44 Y« ; I don't wonder you look aato- niihed, to fiud such a thing among the outfit of a bride," said madame, with a peculiar little laugh; 44 but, although it is a profound secret to everybody outside the actors, I will explain it to you as the time is bo near. You will undersLand this ia a play that I have myaelf written." 44 Yes," 4 Well, I have entitled it The Masked Bridal,' and it is a very cunningly de vised plot on the part of a pair of lovers whose obdurate parents refuse to allow thom to marry," madame explained. 44 Edith Lancaster is an American girl, aud Henry Bernard- is a Frenchman. They have a couple of friends whOBe wedding is sot out for a certain date, and who plan to help them outwit the parents of Edith7 and Henri, The Bcene is, of course, laid in Paris, where everybody knows a marriage moat be contracted in rcharch. The friends of the two unfortu nate lovers sead out their cards announc ing their approaching nuptials, and also tho -fact .iiiat they will both be masked dliring th6 ceremony." "u il&wtafcr;&age; 1" Edith murmured. " Yes, it ia both a novel and an extra vagant idea," Mrs -Goddard assented ; but, of course, -nobody minds that in a p:ij — the more exUMv.igar.it and unreal the bjt-ter it suits 5 he public nowadays. Well, the parents and friends naturally object to this arrangement, hut they finally carry their point. Everything is arranged, and the wedding- day arrives. Only the parents and a few friends are supposed to be present, and at the ap pointed hour the bridal party, consisting of the ushers aud four bridesmaids, a maia-of honor, and ihe bride, leauing upon her father's arm, proceed slowly to the altar, where they are met by the groom, best man, and clergyman. Then comes the ceremony, which seems juat as real aa if it were a kotui Jitl: marriage, you know ; and when the young couple turn to leave the church, as husband and wife, they remove their masks, and be hold ! the truth is revealed. There is, of course, great astonishment, and some dis may manifested on the part of the obdu rate parents, who are among the invited guests ; but the deed is done— it would not do to make a scene or any disturb ance in church, and eo they are forced to make the beat of the affair, and accept the situation." 44 But what becomes of the couple who planned all this for their friends?" Edith enquired. "Oh, they were married half aa hour earlier, and came in at a rear door just in season to follow the bridal party down the aisle, and join in tho wedding-feast a home." 44 It ia a very strange plot — a very peculiar conception," murmured Edith, musingly, 44 Yes, it. is very Frenchy, and ex tremely unique, and will bo carried ont splendidly, if nothing unforeseen occurs to mar the acting, for the amateurs 1 have chosen arc all very good. But," addud madame, keen.!' watching the grave face of her companion, 44 I ain afraid you do not quive approve of my play ; that long face of yours would bo a sharp reproof to me if I were at ad sensi tive about the matter." 44 It sounds something like a French novoi," Edith remarked and flushing slightly. "And consequently has an immoral tendency, I presume you would like to add," sharply supplemented madame, with a frown. 44 <t seems to mo like trifling with aocrad things," the young girl gravely re turned. 44 You are a little Puritan," was the impatient rejoinder, for madauio was a woman who never could tamely submit to opposition of any kind. 44 Possibly, I may seem, ao," said Edith, quietly, 44 but I do not approve of clan destine marriages — I think an elopement or a secret marriage, uuder any circum stances, very wrong aud demoralising, aud nothing would ever tempt me to compromise myself in any such way '' "No? \Vhit would >ou do then, if you loved a man with all your heart, and your parents absolutely refused to allow you to marry liim enquired Mrs God dard, curiously. Mf 1 were sure he was worthy of uiy love, and could give me a comfortable h niifi, I should — after having exhausted ail argument to convince uiy parents that my happiness depended upou the union — boidiy claim my right to marry him, and do so, without auy attempt at secrecy." 44 Bat you couid not do that, if you were under age, without your parents' consent," said Mrs Goddard. 44 What would you do ill such a case V I should wait until I was of age," was the quiet response. 45 But perhaps your lover would not be williug to wait." 44 Then I should not have much faith in hia love for me," gravely replied a man who would tempt — who would urge me to a step that would make me unpleasantly conspicuous, or create a scandal from motives of ael- holiness, or impatience. 1 think girls are, as a rule, in too much haste to marry. 1 Those wlio are a'ono in tlio wsrld might fiud it to their advantage to have a home aud a husband, but for those who have parents to care for them, it seems the height of folly and ingratitude to bring shame upon them, and scandal upon themselves, by taking a reckless step which they are sure to regret iu the end." 44 You argue very well, Edith, &nd; I know that you are exceedingly conscien tious. I am sure that you would never adopt auy but a perfectly straightforward course ; but," with a rising flush, 44 I claim that there are instances where de- caption is perfectly legitimate to a certain extent. But I do not want to bo con verted outil jny play is over, so we will not discuss the matter any further," she concluded, with a nervous laugh. She arose, a3 she ceased speaking, and stood thoughtfully contemplating the beautiful costume on tbo bed. She turned away after a moment, an involuntary sigh escaping lier. "ImuBt run down to see that every thing is all right for the evening, before 1 dress," she remarked. 44 By the wsj'." she added, as if the thought had juat oc curred to lier, 44 1 would like you to put on something pretty, and come to liolp mo in tho dreBBiug-room during the play. Have you a white dress here T' 44 Yes; it is not a very modern one, but it waB nice in its day/' Edith replied. 44 Very well; 1 shall not mind the cut of it, if it is only white," said madaine. 44 Now 1 must run. You can riog for someone to take away this rubbish," she concluded, glancing at the boxes and papers that were strewn about the room ; then she went quickly out. Edith obeyed her, and remained until the rooui was once more in order, after which she went up to her own chamber to ascertain if the dress, of which she had ' spoken, needed anything done to it before it could be worn. Unpacking her trunk, bIic drew a box from the bottom, from which she took a pretty Lansdowne dress, which she had worn at the wedding of one of her friends nearly two years previous. Shu had nice skirts, and a pair of pretty white slippers to go with it, and although it was. as she had stated, somewhat out of date, it was really a very dainty cos- timc. She laid everything out upon the bed, in readiness for the evening, and then wont down to her dinner, which she always took with the housekeeper before tho family moal was served, this arrange ment leaving the woman free to keep an eye upon the servants and see that no mistakes were made to mar tlic perfection of these feasts, for which Mr and Mrs Goddard had gained an enviable reputa tion. (To be Continued.) 