TH1eE: HAUNTED] MI-OUNTAINS .. oil, COLONEL CODY'S SEAICIO . A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. AT COLONEL PRENTISS INGIIAM, Author of the ".Mysterious Man in Dlue.' &c.; CHAPTER XV.--COLONEL CODY A PRISONER. Cody, whom we left crossing the stream, had never in his life before been in such a position, when he was so ut terly helpless, and he realised it fully. He had on the cumbersome indlarubber suit, covering his body completely, his legs and arms, and fastening close around his neck. Over this was the gear that held him to the chain, so that his weapons were all covered up, and not serviceable at a moment's call. On the shore, where he had left his horse, stood the two men. They now had their rifles levelled at him, so that to. retreat would be certain death. Just as the man called out his name, as he recognised him, a shout came from up the stream, and two other men left at the bridge crossing came running, down to join their comrades, one of' them crying: "Say. pards, we has found Wirt Jas per's horse hitched among the rocks. *What does it mean?" "It means thet thar hes been a devil's game played agin us, and now it's our time ter play our trumps, for we has Cody here." The scout heard and saw all, and, fully aware that he had not one chance in a thousand, he very coolly accepted the, to him, unfortunate situation. So lie call ed out : "I'm coming ashore, and we'll talk it over." The rifles-four now-still covered him; and as he landed there were ready hands to help him off with the gear and waterproof suit, as also his weapons,. "Quite a clever scheme this, and I was just trying to see how It wdould work," announced Cody, pleasantly. "You'll find out how a rope will work afore we Is done with yer." "Is that so? I'm a pretty good. roper nmyself." "You Is Cody?'T "Yes; nobody else:" "And I'll bet you was on our trail" "Certainly! Why not?" "How did you git Wirt Jesper's horse?" "I played a game for him and won." "How did you g't across the chasm?". "Never mind: I am your prisoner, and you are men of the hand of 3lldnighters. I played to win, and lost." "You is cool about it." "The weather is cool I think we will have a very cold winter, for it is begin ning early to freeze." The men looked' at the handsome scout in surprise at his indifferent man -*ter. They all knew him well by name, a-d a couple of them had seen him be fore-one of them being.a deserter from the army, whom Cody recognised at a glance, though he did not- appear to "do so. 'Well. Cody, you has put yer foot inter it this time, for we is Midnighters, and we come here to stretch ther -bridge fer ther cap'n, who st coming back with tiler men. He'll be mighty glad to see we has got you, you can Swear to that! You has got Wirt Jas per's horse and weepons, and yer'll have ter give an account of yerself, and if yer don't hang it will surprise m-." Cody laughed lightly, made no resis tance. and was securely bound. Then he watched one of the men don the waterproof suit and cross over, roll i ong it up and hooking It on to the chain, when it was drawn back by a rope, and . Then the' other' tio led him up to ,where the bridge wae hidden, and he sat quietly watchilig their clever manner of spanning the torrent He saw the horseshoes whirled across to the two men on the other side, and ,watched them drag the chains over and make them fast to the windlass that had been brought from its hiding-place. When the chains were taut the two men on his side of the stream -rolled the flooring down, and, piece by piece, it was spread on and made fast until the novel bridge was .gmpleted. "Well, thatis what I call a very cle :ver piece of'.work," said Cody, admir ingly. "Our cap'n a very clever gent: By Love, we is jist In time, for he's coming now!" 'As the man spoke there rode into view a large man, -well mounted and tho roughly armed. He wore his hair long and a full beard, and he was dressed In military boots and a fatigue uniform coat, with black army hat, encircled by a cord. In addition to his revolvers lie wore a cavalry sword swung to his belt, and bestrode a military saddle. Cody recognised him at once from what he had heard of the chief of the Midnighters,. but who was simply known as Captain Lawless, the road Sagent, and leader of the outlaw band of fMidnighters. Behind the leader came a dozen men. They had with them fully a score of fine led horses, some of which were loaded with booty. The idnighters weire 'evidently just returning from a successful raid. 7 CHAPTER XVIII.-.FOILLOW'ING A : PHANTOM. i t.s the outlaw captain came to.a-halt,: the man who was, the leader of the bridge party stepped up and held a short conversation with him, the scout knowing that he was the subject of S:::what they.were talking about. \- The chief .saw his men cross the bridge . with their booty, the captured horses showing some reluctance at the risk; but when all had got over, he called out:. "Now, unsling the, bridge and come on \- to camp, all but two of you, who wait Sto see if we are pursued, though I do not \-- beieve it possible our trail- can be fol \- lowed,, especlally as.weitae the man most to be dreaded'a prisoner." SThen he rode up to the scout and con tinued: -"Well, sir, we meet at last, and you look just the man I had pictured you." . "And you look like - a gentleman, though you are a thief and a cut throat" .was the sharp reip. ise of the undaunted scout, -: The face of the outlaw clouded, but he replied: \- ?A man standing on the brink.of the ' grave should be more choice in- his lan \- gua glge. But we:will not quarrel now ;: . so mount that horse youavere foundoin "poasession.of,- .mymen tell.me, and we 'will ride togetheir w?hile yoil explathi '; how you cpme to have- the.diriial, and :~p-erhapsri can accotint fo :'-WIrt J3iper S:--nd hls-two comnanions" - :: \- L'"t.Wnen a man encounters an outlaw, he is at war with honestmen, and must expect to fight for his life. Your three -senplayed the game of life and death mere, at this-bridge, with me, and lost. I took chances that came my "way to tlunt you down, and you have" won; so that is all there is about it" -'Well, you are cool about it, to say the :least. Yes, you took big chances, but it .iwas like you/from all I have heard; and "?your life- haogs by a very slender thread now, Cody, for every man of the Mlid nighters is your deadly foe." : 'As I am theirs," was the prompt :eply; and Cody rode along the trail he had followed before, the outlaw leader by his side. Followalng the same trail, they rode into the valley retreat towards night fall. the chief quietly remarking : 'You see we make no effort to hide our trait sir, as your doom will be seal ed here." "A threatened man is said to be long Ikved:" and Cody spoke with an air of otter indifference. .The outlaw letader scowled, but said no 267 more until they reached-the camp. Once there, the prisoner was securely bound, but not otherwise illtreated. That night,:from where 'hait? j near:a fire, lie couldhear, thdt lie was the ob ject of discussion,'and well he knew that the loss of the three outlaws and the fact that hehadi solved the secretof the swingitig bridge and the trail of the re treat were greatly against him. When the baid broke up at night to go to their respective cabins, Cody was conducted to the one occupied by the chief, and this, to the scout's mind, gave the impression that the outlaw leader was suspicious of his men. - Whether this was true or not the chief said : "You will occupy my cabin, and any attempt to escape will be the signal for your death. Some 'of my men are very bitter towards you, but I am determin ed you shall not be' harmed until it is decided what shall be your fate. To-morrow being Sunday, the men will wait until the next day to try you." The scout was given a ,blanket bed, and was soon asleep.. The next day passed quietly, and the scout kept close, for the weather was in tensely cold, and the little lake was' frozen over. On Ionday the trial of the scout was held, and lie was accused of hunting down tie MIidnighters to have them hanged, and of killing three of their number: and for these crimes, as they were called by the outlaws, he was sentenced to death. "You have but one week to live, and then you are to be hanged. We will teach the army. melt that we outlaws can strike back and hang our foes. I am sorry for you, Scout Cody, for I admire you; but it is the unanimous de cislon of this band that you die, so you will be taken to the guard-house now, to be confined until the day of your execution, and two men will guardn you ty night and by day." The scout was led to a cabin apart from the others, and there held a pri soner. - Thus the days passed until the night before the day of his executlen came round. -The scout had tried bribery upon his different guards, but in vain; and he was wondering if the outlaws would dare put him to death on the .morrow, as he sat looking out of his cabin door upon the moonlight. It was intensely cold, and his guards were seated close to the fire that burn ed brightly 'outside, a few paces from his cabin. 'The.camp was silent, for it was grow ing late. and as Cody gazed out upon the valley covered with snow, he thought lie saw a form advancing to wards the cabin, and it was enveloped in what appeared to be a white shroud. Slowly towards the cabin it came, and as the scout, bound hands and feet, al most shrank from the weird being, its arm was raised, a white finger pressed the lips in token of silence, and the next instant a sharp knife had -severed the raw-hide bonds that held the hands and feet of Cody. No word was spoken, only that finger upon the lips " enjoining .silence, and then the phantom form beckoned and'led the way out of the cabiifi The' scout saw the two guards by the fire playing cards, and' little dreaming of his escape. Silently he followed'his weird guilte, walking Slowly at first.'for hiis feet wero cramped,. but soon getting better use of them as the exercise set'thdblood iI cir., culation. Through the pine timber, down by the frozen lake, and to the barrier in the v?al ley entrance the phantom led the waor. There Cody beheld a white horse. and near It a fine animal saddled and bridled. To the saddle horn hung his belt oa arms and a bag of provisions while a blanket and bear-robe were rolled up be hind the cantle. The weird form pointed to the horse in silence, and when Cody buckled on his belt of arms and mounted, he saw. the whiterobed guide: on the back of the timber 'and beckoning him to follow. And follow he did, while he muttered grimly : "I'd follow that good angel were it a spirit from the grave." CHAPTER XVIII.-A HOT PURSUIT. Just as Cody was thlnking'of riding up alongside of his ghostly rescuer and getting better acquainted, the phantom rider drew rein, held up a hand to check him, and thus stood listening for a mo ment with deepest attention. - Then, with a wave of the arm to the. scout to follow,, the snowy, horse and hiis :.tihite-shrouded'rider dashed awaty like the wind.: Cody *-ell kniew the reason for 'their sudden flight. His keen ears had caught the sound of voices behind them, and he knew well that his escape had been dis covered, and that they were pursued. Nothing else would call men out-upon such a bitter cold night. Up to that moment the scout had been very cold, for he had on no overcoat; only his buckskin hunting-shlrt. The "?phantom" had overlooked an overcoat and globes in arranging for his rescue. Away went the white horse and his weird-looking rider, the moon' shining as bright as day, and Cody saw that he was being guided by a different trail from the one they had come to the re treat. He saw, too, that their trail through the snow could be distinctly seen, and the pursuers seemed~to be gaining. Aropld gallop.of half an hour brought the phantom tO the banks of a strea?, and Cody for the. first-time heard' his gulde speak. ' 'hab, the swift current lhas broken the . As.the scout dashed up, the' weird 'form beckoned to him and urged his horse into the rapidly-flowlng stream,'all choked up with blocks of ice. Cody called out quickly : "Good heavens! do not daire that ice filled stream. It will be certain deatlh. I will stand at bay and fight them!" Tlhe schut turned as he spoke, drew his revolver, and stood at bay.' The next instant there dashed into .viewl half a dozen horsemen, one of whom shouted: ; "The ice is broken up! They have taken to the river! Quick! to the'boat and catchl them, for they can never cross in safety." ' Cody saw that he had been concealed by a stunted.pine, and a glance had dis covered-the white horse far out Inlthe stream and breasting the icy waters and whirling.cakes of ice. ' Just.then tile weirdguide looked back and beckoned him on,.at the same time issuing a call which the horse the scout rode seemed-to understand, for with a neigh he plunged into the current. At the same instant Cody beheld a stout timber boat shoved idown the unow-clad banks inlo.the river, andthe men sprlisi'into it andd'cize some ars., The boat'wis.above hinm liidinot fifty feet f awiy, ~and:: a :yell. ?-went ut?.ns tihe outlaws sav hllmi Instantly Cody wheeled i his bisaddlhis,'fl.fde to-' wards his lpursuers,' and' with deadly effect his revolver.began to rattle forth, while his splendid 'horse; breasting the blocks of ice, struggled for the other eshore. The moon lighted up the weird, thril ling scene of Cody fighting for life as his horse braved the dangers of the ice laden stream. It was a few moments of appalling danger, of desperate strain upon endurance and nerve, and it seemed ling indeed' to the scout. But he heard a shout upon the shore for which he was struggling, and to his great joy saw ,as he glanced round, the white steed struggle out safely upoin the bank. He saw, too, that his fire had told so well that the men in the boat had given up puIsuit of hint to look to their own safety. They were struggling to turn thle boat back to the shore. A few more minutes of suspense, and tihe scout felt that his noble horse had reached the goal. and as he staggered out on the shore he saw the weird guide still waving for him to follow. He did so. and the guide kept well in advance. Trying to; ride alongside - again, he sa?- the' white horse qudicken his" pace; and it senied in vain for the animal the scout rde to tir nd overtale hinm ::Thus miles 'were. gone oi er, and they were upon ground where. no snow had fallen~iiid the echo of their horses';hbfs rang loudly on the crisp air. Determined to find out who his weird guide was, Cody" urged his tired horse on, but in vain; for the white steed swept on the fleeter, and 'with a wave of the hand the shrouded rider seemed to bid him farewell, for a moment after he 'disappeared from view, and Cody the scout was alone. CHAPTER XIX-. - REVEALED BT A CAMP-FIRE. When left alone as he was by his weird guide, called by tile prisoner of Surgeon Powell the Ghost of the Moun tain, Cody seemed to feel that.- his rescuer had thus resented h--is'deter mination' to ride nearer andfiind out who -he was. He waited for some little whlle'to see if he would return, and as he did not, and he was very. cold, almost frozen; he decided to camp: for h e.was not at all in dread of the outlaws after the severe lesson he had given them, and with that stream filled with ice to cross to pursue him. It was so bitterly cold that his wet clothing had frozen hard, and his fingers were benuimbed. If he did not build a fire soon he knew well what the result would be. Back on the trail a short distance he remembered to have crossed a stream in a little vale, with a pine thicket on either side, and there he knew he would be sheltered. He had his box of matches with him; for the outlaws had not taken that, and he walked back over the trail, for he was too cold to mount and ride. As he reached the little valley there flashed upon him the glimmer of a camp-fire. At once lihe was all caution, and hitching his horse he crept forward to reconnoitre. -W He got quite near, and saw that the camp was in a sheltered spot, and the fire could only be seen from one direc tion. He saw a man in-the camli,-and `is his eyes fell upon him he discovered.that his hands were bound together, and-he was standing against a tree, the handle of a -knife between his teeth, the' point sticking into the pine before him, and he was slowly rubbing - the raw-hide bonds with which .he was secured to and fro across the edge of the blade. The scout crept -still nearer to have a better view. Suddenly his eyes fell upon a prostrate form, and as the fire flared up more brightly he recognised Surgeon Powell. "Heavens, It is Frank Powell! But is he dead or a prisoner?" So saying, Cody drew his revolver and drew nearer; just as the man cut through the raw-hide bond, and grasping the knife. quickly severed those upon his feet. Then he seized the knife more firmly and turned-towards the prostrate form of the Surgeon Scout, while he called out,-savagely: . -. • : 'Now, my doctorpiard, :all tarms be tween:us-is off, and wlhat you has be longs to me." - HII made a?move'forward, to suddenly hear the words: 'Hanids up!: "Your life belongs to me!" -The sudden revulsion of feeling seemed to fairly.- frenzy the. man; and with: wild yell he wheeled towards Cody, and sprang like a tiger towards him. There was the flash and report of a revolver, and the man uttered a cry of rage and pain but saill rushed on. In his half frozen condition Cody well knew that he was no match for the man, and he took better aim; for in the wea pon was his Inst shot. It was true, and the man fell at his feet, burying the knife to the hilt in the hard 'ground. "Ha! . Who fired that shot?" The Suigeon Scout was sitting up, his hand to his head,. and in a dazed way -"Thank Cod'itt?l, Sou are tdtdr'; as I feared! I fired the shot and killed the fellow that was going to knife you. But I am too cold to talk now.". And the scout- went as near the fire. as he dared, and felt its genial warmth. \- Frank Powell still sat on the ground in a dazed way. Then he put his hand to the back of his head and felt a gash there, the cold having congealed' the blood. - - \- 'I am wounded. - Yes,.I saw Cody .in chase of a ghost, and was about to bring the weird creature's horse down -with: a Shiot, when -my prisoner, threw Hlilmself upon-me, -aid I fell backward: Tel'ine, Cody;-are yoti there; old pard, or am I dreaming or delirious, for I feel mighty queer? "I am'hlere, Fiank, and as near frozen as a man can be and live. You did see me chasing a ghost, but it was one who had rescued me. from the outlaws, .and I left her not far from here. - I was. hunting a place to camp, when I saw your fire, and was just in time to nip that rascal's murderous intention." Surgeon Powell, -rose to his feet, glanced at the dead'outlaw, and, grasp ing.Cody's hand, said: -"I remember all now, and. once more, Bill Cody, I owe? ou my life." CHAPTER -XX.-UNSOLVED. \- The two friends of the plains grasped hands mobst warmly, each knowing the debts;oflife gratitude the one owed the other. Then Codysaid: "See here, Frank,- I am going to ask you, as you are not wet and frozen as I am, to go over yonder on that ridge,and -bring my sorse in here.'- He has saved me to-night, swam a river with me, and in a bad way, I fear." r Fank Powell at 'nce rent ofi after the horse, and soon returned wlth him trembling with cold, and led him within rei?lh of the warmth 6f tlhe fire. "The legs and breast-of the splendid animal were skldnnedil and bruised by the ice, and, getting anointment frni his case, -Surgeon Powell ruibbed it on the injuries, then gave the animal a :godd dressing down, and, throwing the out lawn's blanket over it,- led it to the shelter of the pines, where his horses were. - "No;w, Cody, whatcani I do foryoTi?"' "Nothing, thank You; but let me see to that wound on.your head.' - \- "It is a mere scalp wound, for my head' struck a rock whenlI fell. I'll get you to put a stitch-in it and dress it for me, if you are warm enough yet." "Oh, yes, I'm as good as new now;" and the scout soon dressed the wound of the surgeon scout, and the two sat down by the fire and talked over their separate adventures for half-an-hour. "Well, Cody, your ghostly guide led you by a way across the stream some dozen miles belbow the swinging bridge; for that outlaw told me they could cross thei'e lfthestream was frozen, and by goig ~1b':cetalin guide-points if it was i~t.'; 'They also hld 'n boat ther,. he told me, ,ind your weird guide e'idently expected to find the stream frozen over. Bot you say that you knew that two of the outlaws were missing ?" "Yes; and their names were the same you rsy your men weit by. At first it was supposed that they had been cap tured; but. w-hen the discovery was made that they had not gione on their horses to look up the stray cattle, and then that nearly every man in the bind had been robbed, they were sure that they had escaped, for I heard the ,ut laws tallking it over." "Well, we -.-i account for the two mlen; and, as you ktnoe whi-l'e to find the retreat oa the band, I do not re;-et the killing of thile scamps. Tut now about your ghost. Yho Is it ?'" "I cannot tell you. All I knois is that he. she. or It boldly caime :o my log prison and rescued me. with tile two guards playing cards within twenty feet of the door. The guaris evidently quickly misscd me, and a pursuit hegun, for the snow over there was soft and half a foot in depth. 'ho the ghost is I do not know, more than that the out laws often spoke of a weird form that wandered about the mountains, and Val said to be the s!lirit cf a womans, "A .woman ?" ' e ." - -.: -' ---i- - . - . ;. . "Do you think your guide, was a woman?" . n "I cannot tell;.but-if it was a woman, then sh is a bbrave one anddsaved iny life, for-tc-morrow was nmy last day on earth." '"They would not hav e dared, Cody, to put you to death." "So I believed at first. But Captain Lawless is. a man "who fears nothing, and it he. was boasting he played his part well; and from what I saw of him I am glad the Ghost Guide happened to come." "So am -I But now what is to hbe done?" 'We'll take the trail to the post, get out two-score of our. hardy fellows, and make a strike at the outlaw camp as quickly as it can be done, for nfy idea is that we are going to have a rough winter.of it". -"True; but snows do not lie long here. N2ow for what rest we can get." The-two friends threw more wood on the fire, covered the body of the outlaw over, with respect for the dead. -which brave men always feel, and turned-in. Thei morning broke bleak,. cold, and' with driving.snow,. and the two friends slept late. 'They arose greatly refreshed, the.comfort of the horses was looked to,; the breakfast was got and eaten with a. relish, after which the b dy of the out law was buried. As the- horse that had saved Cody wans somewhat stiff from its cuts and bruises, it w-as given the pack-saddle to carry, and the scout mounted the doc tbr's pack-animal; and -after, dinner they started upon the.trail to the fort, driven back by the force of o reum stanies, for in th'e face of the threaten ing weather it would be.. madness for them',to attempt unaided to do more against the outlaws. They found the trail of Cody's guide of the night before, and - followed it for several miles; but there the falling snow obliterated it, and they reluctantly gave it up, leaving the mystery of the Ghost of the Mountains unsolved. (To be- continued.) 