The Voyage of the Monsoon. By 'Gossip.' Chapter XXVI We sailed away down the Lyeinoon Pass a? gaily a9 if oar light Bailing ?hip were on pleasure bent. To an observer in the town of Victoria (Hong Kong), or on the Kowloon ahore, we would bat have seemed an ordinary ship, on an ordinary sea, going on an ordinary voyage, for the Monsoon was a good looking clipper, bat the observers would have been wrong. Bob Flint and I were on that ship, and that made her the oenbre of the universe to as ! She was the most important ship on the sea — to us and to oar mothers. Old Jay was on her, too, and every soul on board felt that we were going out of the port of Hong Kong on a fatal trip. Drowned cats are awful things to have clinging to a ship's kelson, and here we had not only drowned cats bat drowned dogs and dead sailors, and horrors of every kind. We believed in God, someway. We believed in evil spirits and fate, and misfortune, and in horrible things. We didn't know how evil things came bo pass, or what; power guided them, bub we were the children of the men who believed in witches and war locks, and spooks, and who believed in the times — 11 When Boreeoh-owla cry, and ban-dogs howl, And spirits walk, ami ghosts break up their graves.' We were sailing down the Lyemoon Pass on a bright busy day, wibh the sun gleaniug ou the white sails of the foreign ships, painting the lattice-like sails of the juuks a lovely huo, and making even the black hills on tho Bhore look tempting and pleasant. But ib was all no use. Our men spoke in whispers, and pulled ou ropes sullenly, or coiled them ap doggedly, and looked downcast all the time, and the sun and the wind had no power to brighten them. As the son sank the wind died away, till the old ship was barely moving through the waters. Tho shore seemed a long way off, and tiho night was starry and perfect. But I don't think that stars and seas and sweet surroundings affect Bailors much. I know they don't affect hungry little boys. When I look back now and think about the wonders I saw in those days, it seems to me that I must have been a horribly stupid little boy, but I wasn't. I was juab like other little boys, who love something to eat better than they love something to look at. We didn't notice the stars, northesea, nor thedark looming Chinese land that were so far away. We were setting shore-wards with a strong current, but nobody could do any thing ; we had juat to keep on drifting. Ey-and bye somebody no ticed a lighb on shore, and then another light, and then we saw lights moving about), and then we saw a fire blazing, and we realised that something was going on amongsb the Ohinkies. For all the time we had been lying in Hong Kong we had heard of pirabes on the coasb. While we lay there, twenty-two Celestials had been banged for piracy. We had seen ships go out of the port, jnst as we had gone, and then we heard that they had been captured by Chinese pirates, and nobody could help it. We knew that every year there were so many British ships posted as 'missing,' and we knew that the pirates coald account for some of them. The old Monsoon had struck a pirate haunt, and they were waking up their men to come out and attack us. Their junka had long sweeps fitted to them, great big oars, and they could come oub from their lairs and capture us as easy as easy. All they would have to do would be to cub all our bhroats, and tow the ship into a rocky harbor, and then break her up, and our names would be added to the long list of ' missing.' It's easy enough to read about a ship being captured by pirates, and the crew getting their throats cut, but it isu'ti so easy if you're one of the crew ! I wanted to be a pirate myself, but to have a lot of long-tailed, moon-eyed lepers of Chinamen come and cut my throat io was too, too, utterly awful to be thought) of. As soon as it; was settled that the pirates were coming, we were properly wakened up. The old man yelled to 'cleiraway the guns,' and set me to getting up the muskets, cutlasses and pistols that we had up at the mubiny. We hadn't much powder aud shot, but it was served out, as much as was necessary, aud I was appointed ' powder monkey ' to hand up the rest before I goo my throat cut. There weren't enough firearms for the crow, ouly for the 'afterguards' so the men were directed to arm them selves with iron belaying pins, hand spikes, or anything else that would serve for a weapon. Ned Jones was instructed to till the coppers with water and boil all he could, so a3 to scald the Ohiukies, and then the old man called all hands afb, and made them a speech. He had lots of grid in him, so long as ho was busy, and bossing people about, but as soon as all was ready, aud ho had to mako a speech, he began to funk. He saw Bricktop's face a»'un ; he heard his voice cursing the Monsoon, her captain and crow. Ho remembered the drowned cats and dogs, and tho horrors of the voyage, aud his hearb failed him. The crew had mustered 'aft all right, but they were as mean a crowd as ever sailed tho sea. Most of them were foreigners. The only fellows who had any sand iu them hail been sent to jail. Tho crowd that was left was a miserable, faint-hearted, cowardly, superstitious, igtioraun lob. They felt that the curso of Briokcop was now on blio eve of fulfilment, and all they could do wouldn't avorb bhe crash of doom. Never did the Chinkies have an easier lot to conquer, all except tho ' after guards.' They were fit enough, but the curse of the dead sailor had its effect ou them, too. The skipper only made a mess of his speech, and worked himself into a state of nervous tremor. He was a grand man at swearing, but when it came to facing death and making a patriotic speech he wasn'b there. He told the sailors they'd all get tkeir throats cut if they didn't fight, and — and— and bhey'd better fight). Ib was a fool of a speech. Then the old man called the ' afterguards ' down into the cabin and gave them all a stiff glass of grog. That put spirit into them all, and they were going to fight like tigers. The old man told them thab before many hours were over we'd have either won a greab victory, or we'd be all dead aa herrings ! The old man didn'b give the two boya any grog ; but that didn't matter, we got it all the same, and enjoyed ib that nighb. Then we went on deck to see the show. The shore didn't seem very far off for it looked very dark and massive, and close at hand. Bnt all the lights were out, and we knew thab the junks were sweeping oub towards us. and bhab unless a breeze came we were done for. Our ship was a big ons, but if half-a dozen of chose greab junks came along, and got all around us, we were helpless. These piratr-s were fisherman by trade, and very smart with their sweeps, aud we knew even the youngest of us, thnb we had no show. Bub ib was slow work waiting for them. They seemed to be hours and hours and hours in coming, and I sac down on the step of the carpenter's shop, to wait. But I was a lictle boy, and I had tasted the captain's rum, and so was terribly sleepy. Bob went and burned into his bunk, jusb as if we were iu port, only he didn'c take his boots off. How long I slept I don't; know, bub I was wakened up with an awful crash, and found myself sprawling on one deck. It was the old man who had found me fast asleep, and had knocked me off my perch as if I had been a canary. He was past swearing, for death seemed very near to him, bun he siid thab a boy who would go to Bleep while the pirates were coming bo cut his throat, was a bad boy, and a care less boy, aud a boy who was no gooil to anybody, neither to God nor devil. I sneaked oS on to the poop, and there were the junks coming iu full force. You could see the tops of their masts ; you could hear the splash of their big oars, and the unearthly jabber jabber of the crews, and a few minutes would settle us. (To be Continued). 