Sermon. trite Patron Saint of Australia. Vert Bev. T. O'Fareei/l. TftE Feast of Our. Lady Help- of Chrisr flans, udder which title the Blessed Virgin is honored as the Patron, of the Australian Church, was celebrated at St* Mary's Cathedral by an imposing cere nidaial. The Very lie v. Father O'F&rrell; Reached an eloquent discourse appro priate to the occasion. He took as his text, " Who is .this that cometh forth as the morning rising, fair as the moon, bright as the sun, terrible .as ah army set id array ?" (Canticles, 6th chapter, 9th verse.) On this day, according to custom, the. faithful had gathered around their chief pastor to celebrate with due soleinnity and devotion the feast of her xrho, under the title of Our Lady Help of Christians, had been designated by the Vicar of Christ the chief patron of the Church in Australia. It was fitting that they Should celebrate with pomp add femdnesB so grand a festival. To assist them in drawing, so to speak, fruits of de votion and confidence and love from the celebration, he would ask to be allowed to place before them a few reflections. In what more suitable manner could, he do this than by repeating the words of the sacred Canticle: " Who is she that cometh forth as the morning rising, fair as the rpoop, hright as the sun, terrible as an army set in array?" Who is this Fair Lady of dazzling loveliness, this Queen greater than any. monarch that has ever ruled on earth? He {the preacher) might answer by quoting the long catalogue of exquisitely beautiful titles applied la the Jfturgy of the Church to the Ever Blessed Virgin Mary. It would suffice, however, |{ he confined himself to one title, her highest and noblest—"Mater Dei," the ifother of God! What more glorious title qpujid be given in homage and devotion? jleqeath that title lie hidden vast depths of mystery our poor, limited intelligence is not able to fathom. But this we know—the title implies the closest possible relations that can exist between the Creator and one of fie creatures. It had; been foretold in oly Writ that the seed of woman would crush the Serpent's, head end destroy for ever Qte power of Satan. From this great dignity .Almighty God, in Bis goodness and love, prepared the humble virgin of Nazar jreth; she .was.selected as a fitting habi tation for the Lord of Glory, the wing, of Eings. By her, Immaculate Conception Chr. Blessed Lady was made so dazzlingly -beautiful apd so perfect in every grade as , compel even the admiration of one of God's highest angels. .For did, not the Angel Gabriel .solute her, "Hail, full of grace?" The I " grace?" Vhe Mother of God 1 Our minds go back to those bishops, who assembled atEpheafis, rose with fh© might of the Chlirdh against so many opposing forces and factions, and proclaimed Mary to be the teqe Motber of God. The impious Nes torious who had disputed the right of Our fJlessedi ;Lady to the title wad branded as Utt heretic, execrated and excommunicated. '|»pwj Jp® Chnrch j^donsiy guard? TOftc nue—jKLotner of. GWfl. Fairer than the mota, brighter than the s&hj; yet bo gentle, so loring, bo clement, bo eompdB eionate. She. is; the . Mother of God, and ehj^-our Mother . ^lso, the Mother, of Our .Savwur ia .IpB laetxap p^fi^pu the QroBS cpipmi^daUtke souls B™1 to Jam ciu^ ^Jid EroteotioB. ^iiri Lord directed Hie 4po|tieB to look up ^;|p^ their Moth^ piid io bs.ve re ftmep to. her hi. atf :A hoiy j^o^fcpr pf rfce Qhurph telle us thu jas mapVruih ,*?»» brpiightiAput by the inter vention of the firsts op3i£B,hve, so ttih& that the . raswfat&pu; of mankind t6tdd,bo eccp^llshed . throjjgh'a wmjjii Biyih^y choiep' , God chose.. for his JBivine purpose Miiv£: Iihbiacuiate,. the Mother of the Eedeeiher, the Mother pbo Imdguarded nib own fookstept .iH child heod, Mid comforted Hun in Hie eoWmfrB. Maryfeoikmotber,<nu,own sweet,lovingand Inodt tender mother, -'the poorer givhh^t0 her by Godas the Mothhrof thefiedOemer apd the redeetaed is almost aegreAt as Gqd'ft statin power. Our Eotttihas j(fomi8ed iue that whatoter she asks /br 4s will be. igtRftted. Tohelp «s inail our Mother end -our/Jpepn, ^^hjaye a^ppstliivinepo'yer. 1 .bht,GSur lord gave her, th$,,AH$t oompftssionate hpart,afterH;Le Qwn. sacred H&r;^r ^ rth^t the ^f^»irep[^bj(. Heaven's lore hhd: meftiy would Always be open to mv.Wiifo what -oonfidetfcd shbutd 4enpt pray to Mary Iihttiacula&, and ifiVbbe her ^t®oea"OB,whenwereflocfethat sheis the sgother ofiredeemed mankind; the motb&r; of each one of us, the mothbrbf dtie imlc-1 wpuld ^kj^m^'who/is kbmthatr^meth Jhaofte nm >M^AiadbsliA. imd rUDder teetor of „ Tsad:" Fairer than j^efc%£ ~'®j$ i&wB; .Chtircb agiiiist tbie tSe. ftow ipi-hy of the Church's eh&hues; lfeVe(&<&0 SJbwbefprfc thhl^the of tii% Mblhefc of Gcia atadthb Help of Christians ? From the first Mary has been the pttftfeC tionof the Cburoh iMilitant, and not/only pi the Churnh Militant but of each one in jthe fold of Christ. She was the "Auxilium (^tisfianorum in the first days of the Qhurch; it might be said that she presided over the birth of the Church. She.was there on the Feast of Pentecost, the Feast We are to-day celebrating, when the epirit of the Holy Ghost descended on' the Apostles. She was still the " Auxilinm fchristianorum" when the first Christians were persecuted. She stood by the virgin martyrs, St. Ajgnes, and the. others when the supreme sacrifice was needed for . the Faith i she was their strength and their joy. She was with the Church in all the great. straggles. . Her name was on the banner of the crnsaders when they went forth to rescue the Holy Places from the Moslem. She was with St. Dominic and the brave soldiers of the Faith who fought against the Albigensees. And at the period of the Reformation it was under her stan dard that all the true children of Holy Church gathered. To come to our own times, was it not fitting that the Vicar of Christ should have placed Australia under her protection ? We know too well that in this new portion of the Church's vineyard there has been a fierce conflict. At the foundation of these great -colonies every method was availed of to crash the Catholic Faith. This opposition, kept up for so many years, threatened the destruc tion of the Church of Cod in Australia. But there was a higher power guarding the flock. Cod Himself and the Blessed Virgin watched over the faithful, patient, and heroic souls. Our Blessed Lady, the Help of Christians, was with them in their prisons and on the roads while they toiled under the lash. She comforted theih in their loneliness; she succoured, strengthened, and sustained them till the dark clouds passed away. Under her pro tection, and with the blessing of Heaven, the Church then sprung forth in beauty, in radiance, and in glory throughout Australia. To-day the Church in Australia is unri valled in strength and dignity. Our Lady Help of Christians is also Our Lady of Per petual Succor. Never, as St. Bernard says, never has anyone had recourse to Mary in vain. Let this be our lesson to-day. May this lesson teach us to be proud of our glorious Patroness—the Mother of Cod, the Mother. of Pity, and the Mother of Hope. In every necessity, in every afflic tion, in every trial, and in every temptation she will be onr protector and friend if wb turn to her. And in the last conflict with the powers of darkness, when wb are in the BhadowB of the Valley of Death, she will aid us to fight the good fight , to the end. Let usaskthe great Mother of Cod.the fiweet Motherof Christians, tolift her virginal hand in blessing on us to-day from the Creat White Thrbne; let us ask her to bless the Church of Australia in every portion; let us pray tb her to bless us all,1 each of Us, and all of Us. Let us, chant the "Magnificat"; let Hie sound of it ascend to, heaven. Let us pray to Our Mother atad Our Heavehly Queen to intercede for us; let us invoke h'br Holy, name; let ub ask to-day a bles sing of the Mother of Cod, the Mother of the Redeemed, the Help of Christians, the Patron of the Church in AuBtpali^ for each of its, or all of us, and for this fair land of luktTalw. 