Squire John; OR, FOR LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. BY ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE, AUTHOR OP "UNDER EGYPTIAN SKIES," "MISS PAULINE OF NEW YORK." Ac. CHAPTER XlV. — THE MAN WHO OWNED THE ENGINE. The information which Smithers— poor dejected Smithers— conveys in such a melancholy manner is certainly amaz ing and terrible enough to daunt the stoutest heart. Jack stares at the other — he even re peats the words £mithers has used. Five minutes too late, and the special train, laden with Spanish soldiers, has gone to destruction. Before his eyes, as plain as day, he cam see the awful wreck, the dead and the dying, and among them, oh, hor rors! the lovely form of his Highland lassie, the girl he loves. No wonder Jack feels for one brief moment as though paralysed. The reaction comes. Instead of a dead ly chill, he has a burning sensation pass over his whole frame, and experiences an earnest, furious desire to do some thing in order fo save her from this fearful fate. Smithers is endeavoring to collect his senses — Smithers, who has, under almost every condition, shown such wonderful nerve, seems broken up by this decree of Fate. And while he thinks Jack acts. It is Ah Sin who leads the way. The Celestial never gets rattled, no matter what accumulation of disasters overtake them. Jack feels a tugging at his sleeve which he knows of old, and casting his eyes around he discovers the almond- eyed retainer there. As Sin says never a word. Speech may be silver, but si lence is golden; and this is no timesto indulge in flights of rhetoric. Jack sees the arm of the Chinese ex tended, and following the line of his finger he discovers what it is to which Ah Sin would attract his attention. The railway company's telegraph office. At sight of it Jack's hopes revive. True, he has sworn not to betray the plot of the rebels, but when the last resort is gone and her life is in peril, he will feel compelled to do so. Better a broken vow than that she suffer. So he leaps towards the office. Perhaps nearly, if not quite, sixty seconds have flown since he first receiv ed the dire news — sixty precious seconds, during which the doomed train has been shooting on towards the destruction that lies in wait. His positive intention is to have the telegraph agent wire the conductor in charge of the train, warning him of the awful danger ahead, and having him use extra precautions when approaching the bridge where the dynamite is supposed to lie. Smithers sees him dash into the office and stifles a groan. Perhaps this is for the rebels, whose plan for striking a blow at their hated foes will fall through. At any rate, he does not make the least attempt to hold Jack in check, but awaits results. Perhaps Travers is gone another minute or so. Already the telegraph key may be clicking off the message that will hold the train and warn the officer in charge of the soldiers that not only do the rebels know of their design, but have prepared to annihilate them. Smithers doubtless sees this in imagi nation, but when he looks again he dis covers Jack in reality dashing out of the telegraph office. His manner is not that of a confident man who, by a bold stroke, has accom plished what he set out to do. On the contrary, Jack appears excited — his face is almost as pale as one who has seen a ghost, and he glances sharply from right to left as he runs towards them, after the manner of a man who seeks a remedy for some dreadful malady. As he draws near where Smithers stands, he can be heard exclaiming aloud, as though to save even the precious seconds of time: "Wires down — Maceo raided the out skirts of Havana — impossible to reach even the first station — no way of reach ing the train — now been gone seven and a half minutes, and already four miles away." Yes, they can hear the rumble of the train among the hills — it comes very plainly during a cessation of noise about the station, though gradually growing fainter and more distant. Jack looks at Smithers, who returns his distracted gaze with one of chagrin, for the agent feels humiliated by the blunder that has occurred, though the change in time may have only been de cided on just before the special started, in order to confuse those who might have any evil designs against the train. "Can you suggest anything?" cries Jack, endeavoring to cudgel his brains to greater rapidity of action. "We have no -wings to fly after them," says the other, mournfully. "The more's the pity. Heaven help that poor girl." "And horses, if we had them, would be of no mortal use against even such a slow train as this one." "That is true, but is there no other way? Think as you never did before. What can overtake the special, since telegraphing is out of the question?" Smithers Is looking down the tracks, ' < where they gleam in the lights beyond. "If we had an engine we might do it." Jack snatches at the idea like a drown ing man might clutch at a straw. "Then we will have an engine if it takes a thousand— five thousand dollars — all I have in the world. Follow me!" he ejaculates. The thought which Smithers has hesi tatingly advanced becomes an inspira tion. He seems to grasp it with renew ed energy, and while speaking has start ed on a run down the station platform. Smithers partakes in a measure of his new enthusiasm, for he has an exalted conception of Jack's abilities, and be lieves the other equal to any emergency. Such men ride rough-shod over difficul ties that would paralyse most people, and come in at the finish many lengths ahead. Jack has not started off at random — . he generally knows what he means to accomplish before setting out to begin. Some moving object has caught his eye just down the track— something that in this crisis of his existence looks more valuable than the best paying mine in the Cripple Creek region. It is an engine just emerging from a shed, upon a turn-table. Smoke is pouring from the large, old- styled stack, black smoke from burning, resinous pinewood, than which few species of fuel will generate steam more quickly. This old-fashioned engine, doubtless discarded years ago in the Northern States where those burning coal have taken its place, Is not a "thing of beauty and a joy for ever" — at least it would not appear as such in the eyes of the ordinary beholder; but to Jack Travers the case is quite different. It means a possible chance to solve the terrible probelm that has been suddenly set before him — it means the case of life and death may yet be decided in favor of continued existence. Under these conditions, therefore, it can be readily understood with what tre mendous satisfaction Jack starts in the direction of this locomotive. As he advances with such a burst of speed he takes note of several things. Everyone connected with the engine seems to be in the utmost haste, and this is the more wonderful when the fact is taken into consideration that in such hot countries as Cuba they do not, as a general thing, use any too much speed in anything undertaken. He sees the stoker tossing pine - knots into the yawning mouth of the fire-box, while the engine-driver leans part - way out of the cab window, his face streaked with grime, but looking anxious in the light of the fire. Thus bearing down upon the scene, Travers is not long in reaching the place where several stout men stand ready to turn the engine around on the revolving table. To whom shall he appeal? He has absolutely decided that ques tion. Two men stand beside the trucks, one of them having an official air, and hold ing a paper in his hand that may be an order. His companion seems to he an ordinary citizen— a Spaniard, judging from his olive skin and black hair. Jack instantly surmises that the official is the party who can attend to his wants, and he means to obtain possession of that engine if money can buy it— indeed, such is his desperate frame of mind that, should his request, even when backed by the value of the old motor itself, be re fused, lie may be inclined to jump on the engine himself, and at the point of the revolver force the driver to obey his commands. "Senor, are you in charge here? I have missed the special by a hair's breadth. It is very important that I should over take it. I would have sent a message, but the wires are down." The official shoots a quick but expres sive glance towards his companion, who moves a little closer, cocking his ears as though he takes an unusual interest in what Jack says. "Si, senor, the wires are down — that Macfo is always on the move, and he keeps the wires cut so that we in Havana may not know what he is doing. No one can send a message along the line. It is very sad," is the consoling remark made by the official. "But, senor, you did not answer my question— are you in charge here?" "For the night— yes," is the reply; but his manner plainly asks, ""What is that to ycu?" "I wish to hire a special." "A what?" ejaculates the other. "A special — an engine to overtake the train that left here some nine minute3 ago." The official throws up both arms. "Madre de Dios!— another!" he gurgles. Jack does not understand — he only recognises the fact that precious time is being wasted, and in a case like this time dees not mean money, but human lives. Hence he shows impatience— it is na tural. "Senor, it is a case of life and death," he breaks out with, huskily, for the men are swinging the iron monster around, and Jack i6 inwardly swearing he will control the deathly of that engine, come what may. . "AJas! I am, sorry!" with a shrug. "If money stands in the way, I am pre pared to pay you any price." "That is not It "Then you have no authority?" "Alas! I have no engine," "This one will do, I am sure." "That is the only one in condition at this end of the line, senor." "A thousand thanks." "But " "leu hesitate when many lives are in periL" "It is no longer under my control." "Senor, explain." "This gentleman is General Toledo. He has also missed the train,but bears autho rity to overtake it if the means can be had. I have ordered out this engine. It belcrgs to him since the Government commands. Senor, you must deal with General Toledo." Jack whirls upon the soldier in civilian attire. He has not noticed him particu larly before, but now he discovers a man of more than usual determination, whose brilliant eyes are fastened upon him as though he would read him through. At the same time Jack believes the i other to be a man who can be worked, j Money talks in cases of this kind, es- j pecially with some men. I "General, as I said before, it is a case of life and death with us to overtake the I special. If you have the power to allow I such a thing, I beg that we may find a lodgment somewhere on your engine. If a thousand dollars would be of any ser vice to you " The other shakes his head. "We can talk of that later, senor," he smiles. "You consent?"— in sudden rapture. "Carramba! there is no one who can prevent me. I own this engine for the hour. And you say it is a case of life and death, senor. I sympathise with you— I offer you a chance to overtake the spe cial, which left fifteen minutes ahead of time." His manner tells Jack plainly that he has been entirely influenced by the pros pects of a heavy pecuniary reward, and not because he has a big heart. Never mind; it is the end, not the means that he has in view. "Then you will allow us to accompany you? A thousand thanks, senor. If you only knew the facts, you would never re gret your decision. Smithers, do you hear that? We may yet win this game, thanks to the gallant General Toledo. All is not lost by a big majority; and Ah Sin, he is there, too. You see, luck has tired of baffling us and turns about." Jack feels as though a load of a thou sand pounds had been lifted -from his heart. There is a fair field and no favor now. It is all he asks at any time. The engine has been faced down the track, and a man dashes down to change the switch that will run it upon the maic line. "Come, senors, all is ready," sings out General Toledo, as he swings himself up on to the engine, quickly followed by Jack ami Smithers, while Ah Sin clutches hold even, as tlie engine bursts forward. CHAPTER XV— A MAD CHASE ON A "WILD-CAT ENGINE." "When they have gained the footplate of the locomotive upon which General Toledo has seized for some important Government business, Jack and Smith ers draw a long breath of relief. The future looks brighter in compari son with tlie blackness that so recently, hung over it like a funeral pall. Perhaps the first thing Travers does as the engine begins to move down the tracks is to draw out his watch and note the time, for it is a matter of some mom ent to know just how much of a start tlie special has. "Six-thirty to the second," he says, "Tliey are just fifteen minutes ahead," remarks Smithers, quickly. At first this seems a monstrous task. In England or the United States, where expresses travel at the rate of a mile a minute and more, with a clear track ahead, the task of overtaking such a train ere twenty odd miles had been cov ered would be utterly out of the ques tion. In Cuba the case is radically different. Especially is this true in time of war, when dangers abound ahead. A pace ex ceeding fifteen miles an hour might be deemed suicidal -in some sections. The general has overheard this ex change of remarks, and smiles. "Have 110 fears, senors; we will over take them easily. They stop at a station every five miles. "We go on, and you shall yourselves see at what a beautiful speed. It is certain — you have my word for it — provided, of course, we do not run off the track, or the boiler explode," he says earnestly. "And if that takes place " saJ's Smithers. "Ah, we shall take no longer an inter est in whether Cuba shall remain with Spain or be free. In this man's hands we place our lives" — pointing to tlie en gineer . Jack sees the point, and manages to adroitly slip a little wad of greenbacks, which pass current In Havana, into the driver's hand, receiving in return a look and a nod that cover the ground fully- That engineer will exhaust every known device to send his iron horse whirling over the rails after the train ahead in order to gratify so liberal a patron. Jack glances over the pile of wood i« the tender. Havana is in. full view, ana as the evening settles down over the CU" ban capital-many lights are springing IB" to sight, making the picture, with th harbor beyond, and grim Mofro Casue but few nva ' ttIea over a trestle or Jtel anTnow plunge among the bills f flight" vanishes from view; for The last ligh good-bye to Havana.. tI,eFre"Tihem the country is growing ground them occasional houses may wilder. At d ng. then come what 'JSSSSm with mills for appear su ear-cane, presrins tb® 6 jn the fast-fading jacic nte gentiy discovers the first Ught' narn deStion where a canefield Sail its attendant buildings have been ruined hy fire. here, even Bld of the capital, teeming V"Uinsnan?sh volunteers, and struck a with Spa»®. Jibre There are places he dared not go, this fire- nowdarkS" How suddenly it to drop upon them, as though Sf nlunge deeper and deeper into a Son. when in reality such is not the Already the driver has succeeded in ! t hf engine over the rails at a rate Sled that must have shocked the offi- rc of the road, could they but see it. He nTa Spaniard, tout a man of nerve like most of his class, no matter where found. , The old machine is doubtless amazed at Its own ability to make time and break the record on the road , for as the mile® are thrown astern -the sparks soar Z of the funnel in a perfect avalanche, and the puffing is as vociferous as an as thmatic engine can emit. To those unaccustomed to riding on a locomotive, the motion is simply ter rible Even on the finest of railway lines there is a horrible swaying and swing ing such as those who ride as pas sengers in the cars know nothing about If this is the case, imagine what it must he upon a rough road such as pre vails in Cuba, and with an old rattletrap of a condemned engine doing the journey. ' Jack has early found a good hold, and hangs on grimly ; ditto Smithers. The general occupies a seat beside the stoker, who is kept busy half the time tossing pine-knots into the hungry maw of the fire box. As for Ah Sin, that worthy, after being hustled several times from one side to the other, feels a sensation akin to the dreadful mal-de- mer of his last voyage, and dropping flat, cowers amidst the wood ; nor does he care very much whether the pile top ple over upon him or the fireman make an effort to utilise him as a convenient stick of timber, such is the desperate condition this nausea brings about. And the speed increases as the steam crawls up in the glass indicator. Jack eyes the driver closely, but re alises that while the fellow may be a daring man, he cannot be called a reck less one, and will take no unnecessary risks. All is well so far. When they spin around a sharp curve it is all Jack can do to hold on. He even imagines the massive machine is about to topple over, and holds his very breath in awe. Smithers utters an ex pressive exclamation, and from Ah Sin comes a shriek. But they keep the triack, and go flying on with the speed of the hurricane. Familiarity doubtless breeds contempt, but the bravest man in the world is hound to experience a sensation akin to terror when taking his first ride upon a " wild-eat engine." As they dash along, Jack, who chances to be on that side nearest the Spanish ofiicer, opens a conversation with him. It is positively necessary that he shout aloud, such is the racket and con fusion that accompany the flight of the Alhambra, as the veteran engine is called ; hut Jack thinks nothing of this .When seeking information. ''What place was that ?" he asks, as they flash past a small building that has the appearance of a station. General Toledo tells the name, and at the same time vouchsafes the intelli gence that it is about five miles out of the city. Then about one quarter of the dis tance has been passed over. How much nave they gained upon the other train? iv, u ®oldier seems quite jolly, as "e feels positive they will over- e the train ahead. Perhaps a shade ' nf anx,®ty "fight creep over the nature iwlS«ream dld he but know all that dno„ 5ef teasellers do. Jack, however, for «ji« incbned to enlighten him, take .of6, ,seems that they may over- keen h-6 in in Sd time, he means to is Poss!b,eWrd t0 SmUherS 43 far M U WW £jc already figuring in his- mind they may be later on. should Ww ?d in tbeir chase. at wm General Toledo do? the truth n possibIe he has had wind of and that the dynlamite plot, threatened m is to Prevent the weatened catastrophe? son; and vet itbout tbe hounds of rea- be the true n/t hardly believes it to More SL rr,e f his mission- Important oivie bears secret but mand of the sTi d- the mcer. in com- "eve he is dl€Fs regarding some the insurgents t0 make ««a»Mt asAtherha", hat does Jt matter so long saved. d is assured, and the girls ihgthat Inthls wnt0 ah€ad' heliev- Fortune seemK .y tlme may be saved. 8Peed is irSaLd 'i0r although their dangerous curves fly nronnd of disaster has as'vt ln tbe shaPe , nas as yet overtaken them. e continued.) 