TALES AND SKETCHES. [uol'VHlfillT.] LITTLETÎBART, MARTIN J. M'HUfîH. From einliest youth wc hail been friend*, Tum Neville und 1. Thu same fate seemed tu huve luled our liven fiom tho day» when, a« schoolboys, wo chummed together, lo iliuse when, losing parents and home, we were tlnoivu on tho world lo strike out fur our- selves. And, when we fouud that Ute hud made us into two city clerks, with apparently no particular prospect lo look (oruaid to lhau a life of drudgery, from which only u chance, il seemed-ind Ihat a very problematical oue -could lift us out, wu found our friendship mole necessary to ono another than ever. So il was, I lien, that we lodged in thc same house, and went dowu to the city every morn- ing nu the taino green and yellow hus. We usually bpi ul our evenings together in the same ijniel fashion, I in his room, or, mule oil,oi, ne iu mine, where 1 generally studied nightly-for 1 hud ambitious < t my »wu, though lhere seemed lillie hope of lullilliug them. Occasionally, though veiy oc e.iMoiially, we Iud un evening out ut sume qu.el eiilertaiiniieiil or lecture. And thus run on ihe even lenone of our life. lt «us nu that yellow and green 'hus that wc first sa« her. J say "saw her," though I should really have said " noticed her," for, us well us I eau remember, she had journeyed on that 'bus for some months before. Hut one wet morning she came into thc 'bus wheu il was cl ouded, and Tom and I simultaneously jumped up and offered her a heat, receiving uuth a sweet, emile uf thuuke. Aud fruin Ihat day she came into our lives. I, who nm no philosopher, uni not prcpaied tu argue how it was-w hellier it was owing to her being a pretty, neal little girl, or havii. j such a tiiveot smile, or what-hut this 1 will say, thal from thal day we looked upon her as IL friend, and constituted ourselves her authorised guardiaus. True, we knew nothing about lur, und the most we ever veuturcd iu the w ny of conversation was a dillidem remark nu tho weather, when the doing cf any light service gave either, or holli of us, that glorious opportunity ; but every morning wo looked anxiously to see if she was there on our 'bus, und carefully guarded her interests lill she was set down to go to her daily task, whatever that wan. And su she grew to be a part of our daily life, unconsciously becoming a heroine round whom, in nur leisure moments, we wove bright romances. Perhaps it was I, ' thc student and literary aspirant, who wove most of those romances, though 1 certainly could not conjure up pictures of ber which were loo bright lor my friend Tom. I'.ut I ii waB who one evening laboriously coucoct.-d a glowiug sonnet, which 1 dedicated lo " Little Hean," and the simple, tender title, catching our fancy, our unknown friend was ever after- wards 44 Little lieurt" to us. Thus the time went on, und, itlthough we did uot get to know more about thc tangible *' Lillie Heart," who morning after moruiug went, down to the city un the 'bus with us, yet io our day dreams she ever played a part, standing us an ethereal figure between us, holding a hand of each of us in hers. For thus wu thought of her, tim tutelary goddess of both of us, whose smiles were shured by . adi equally without one thought of jealuusy. Very romantic, doubtless, but we were only about twenty years of uge then, aud that explains a good deal. Little change came into our lives till then, for our days «ere uneventful, and seemed fated ever to bc so. Hut about that time 1 left thc solicitor's oflice where I worked tu take up a situation in a press agency. Only u clerkship, after all ; bul it pleased mc tu think thut thc change brought mc a step nearer the fulfilment of my cherished ambili ms. lint lam stuck ut his desk in u mercantile otlicc, cheerfully cherishing hie own hopes. And so wc went on steadily till Tom passed bis twenty-first birthday, and tho day of my own majority arrived. I have reason lo remember that day IIB long as J live, fur it brought mc thc unexpected offer of an opening on the staff of a weekly paper in tho Mid- lands, to which 1 had for some time past been furtively supplying spocimens of my literary efforts. I was to journey up there within a couple of days if possible. rl he pusition olfercd was a mero beginning, but I WUB over- whelmed with joyful hope now that what I had been BO long aiming at was coming Lo be un actuality. I nus sitting in my own room late that evening, thinking for thu hundredth lillie over the matter, und woudcriug when Tom-who very strangely had not turned up for tea, which we ulwuys took together-would return, when that individual suddenly burst into the room, evidently in u state of frautic excitement. "Ted, old man, such news as I have for you !" he panted out. 44 Indeed !" 1 replied, somewhat crossly. 44 Well, so have 1-great, wonderful news." 41 What is it ?" asked Tom, coming over to mc. Curiosity WUB always Tom's weak point, and if he wished to know anything there was no peuce until he had accomplished his desire. So 1 said, aggravatingly : 14 Ves, marvellous news. But yours Srst, for il must bc very important to have kept yon out solute." Tom looked irritated. 44 Well," he said, 41 I've dashed home hot- foot to tell you nf s strange adventure ; but 1 shan't tell a word about it now until you tell mc the news." 44 Oh, mino will keep till to-morrow," I said. Tom looked more irritated, but ended by bursting into a laugh. 44 If that's thc casu BO will minc !" he said. 11 And all thc better, too, that 1 should not divulge ituntil to-morrow evening. But come now, old mun, tell mo what has happened in your caae V" Bul I was in a bad temper, and cross with a headache consequent upon excitement, I sup- pose ; ut any rate I sharply reiterated thc statement that my news would kee)) very well lill the nett dny, if his would. So both some- what unnoyed, the subject was dropped, and aoon afterwards we parted for thc night. If 1 could only have foreseen what were lo be the consequences of this most foolish bit of mutual obstinacy I" Tho next moruiug wc journeyed as UBual down to thu city on our 'bus, both, 1 fear, in a slightly morose frame of mind, tor 1 re- member that wc exchanged hardly a word. For the first timo since she had given us that smile, 1 misBed 44 Little Heart-" but Tom mude never ii remark on this astonishing fact, and neither did 1. When 1 arrived at my office I was surprised to find a personal telegram ii waiting mc there. I It was from ihe newspaper proprietor, desiring mc to start that evening to take up the vacancy. I was not pleased to burry away iu I hut fashion, but beyond thc fact that it put mc to unexpected incouveuicncc, it did not much matter, for I had urrunged everything on tho previous day with my employers, who hail, indeed, helped mu to obtain thc place. 1 did not do any work at thc office, but left Boon to roturo to my lodgings in order to pack up. 441 quickly packed up, badea Iii def farewell to my landlady, and brought my belongings to the railway still iou cloakroom to bc iu readiness for my departure in ii few hours. Then 1 started off to catch Tom going to his luncheon. How sorry I WUB uow at our ridi- culous uiisuudcrBtunding of thc previous evening. I smiled when 1 thought of it. Well, wo woud havo liniB onnugh for our explana ull, und that was a good matter. I waited outside the restaurant where Tom lunched, just ut thc time he was due. I had not loug to wait lief ol cl espied his ligure in thc distance. I hurried along thc crowded thoroughfare to narda him, but when I came near him hesitated on seeing that he WAS ac- companied by u lady willi whom be was cu. gaged in a very animated couversation. I stared, and could hardly believe the evidence ol my eyes. Iiis companion was Little Heart! A strange feeling came over mc. ll shrank liante out of their way, and they passed ] mi!, uuuuticing. Liku nue lu u. trance I retraced my steps. Heaven forgive mu! nut my thoughts wet o niitcr and I m rd ou my fricirl ul lirai. And then, HR ii mun'« ooiiPuifiiee expusrs itself vividly w heit ho ii drowning, Kt» iu th it moment my soul was revealed to UM*. My pain brought thu ti u'th tu inc, I wan in low: with Lil tU' Heurt. And my friend hud in HOI ni- way become iicipiuinti:d willi )ii:t, uml tlui winnini^ of lier would now hu h:s right. 1 walked on mid un throt^li r.h.! cnmdvd ritrt'ctH, ii\irl during ilt;tt hliit-l, uohuppy walk J fought it hider fight with my mvii houri-mid eonquen d. 1 would Lavu thu j conquest lo 'l'ouï ; h.: had always buen my I hont, my only ti ¡end, und tat i fu, pleas heaven, 6!iould never conic between us. Hui we ure «'*.*«lit'es8 itself, win n faced with temptation, so 1 would nut ri-k lin* ul.mien ol being his rival. I would go ti way without letting him know whither 1 went. Karly timi evening 1 dipirltd for thc- town in i be Midlands, first leaving w«,id with ruy rx-employcrs timi on no uceuuiit should any inquirer lu: given my future ad«!rois, or Buy lol ter received for me; I wanted t«> cut myself off completely from poor Tom, for nu other inquirer would «iver be likely to u.oíble th» ni. Mow very madly we act sometimes iu this ?queer world of oura Ï I And now begun a new life for me, ai«, different from th«1 former life nh if f his had j hteu in another world. I waa duly installed in my little post on thc news pn per, and then 1 set to work willi nil the energy that wa» iu mc. I buried inyuelf in my «n:l;, I could liol get ton much to th*. And I let- myself pass comptcli-ly out. of Tom's Hie. lint Í wai dud for some si yu s of him, though, und got them. Scanning the papery easily, in one or two, shortly afier my disappearance, I cinuc a er oas liol icen, dis- tressingly worded, directed to hin old friend, und asking for informatica. Where 2 was, nobody observing Hiern, there wa« no lear of the information being given ; uud if it had been, I was determined that it should bc of no avail. And then, these notices proving futile, they ceased. Thu next thing I Baw wa» the modest little announcement of my friend's nuninga to one Mary Walker. Mary Walker-" Little Heart!" So Mary was her name, then? Well, it didn't mutter to mc now. Mut 1 wished in my heart that Tem hud waited a little bmger, lill he had got a better position to offer Little Heart, li wat» iiicnu&idcrate; of him tu marry thdt H went gillam sued a email salary, and bting her into poverty. And 1 W«B angry with him in my mind, ¡.nd norry for Little Heart-but I only for that. Hut after seeing that announcement iny life's horizon gi vu* grayer tome. No, 1 was. not jealous ; Little Heart bad fallen to the loL of a luckier mun, hut- hu1.-well, I cannot explain it ; it was a thing lo be lived down and forgotten. So 1 worked hard to live il down-but I did not fucceed iu forgetting. The spirit of unrest pus sc.-Bed me to a frtntngo degree when I was trying to live it doun. I threw myself into work with ull the intensity of which 1 wa» capable, but every now and ag-iin u strange wandering impulse would seixt; me, uud 1 would throw up one situation, without reason, lo take another. Sn I eu iv tho inside of a doz-ii newspaper offices in five yciirs, and waa sub-editor or reporter or anything jourualia ic that offered. During Hinte years my eye caught three thura the announcement nf a birth, und on euch occisión an anouymous christening gift was duly dispatched from me to Turn's child-aud Little Heart's. Then, at the end of thc five year?, thc offer of A good sub-editorship in Loudon was made mc ; and 1 accepted it, for time bad brought me peace of heart. So, one day I found myself back in Loudon-back agaiu, as the Prodigal Son, but, unlike him, with no kindred or friend to welcome me. (Jue Saturday evening, when I was freed from duty, a strange impulse seized mc. Ever titcd to gibing way to impulse, 1 did not resist the dictates of my mood. Something \vhi«pt.'ieJ into my hcirt the lo ging to have u look at thc house where thc iiteud of my youth lived. Well I remembered the address given with the la-l birth announcement not to many months bi nee. In the darkness of Li ui 11*Y1 J ru a, ry evening I took a 'bus bringing ute in the direction. When the 'hus let inc down I knew that I had not far to go to my destination. 1 waudered on aloug a Bubutb*n street, w hich WAS very fairly crowded with Saturday night. I shopper«, thinking no very definite or per- turbing thoughts, for I cannot recall them now. I ¿topped listlessly before a brightly illuminated shop wiudow for a, minute-why, 1 do not kuow. Suddenly I heard a voice, and my blond tiuglcd uti through my body. 1 looked Ht the «peaker who waa in front of mc. Surely surely-yeti, it was Tom !- Tom and Little Heart-1 knew her figure-and a youngster thu eldest child I ¡mu gi ned-clinging to his mother's hand. X stared at them as one fascinated. I forgot ttie circumstances of the past for the moment; the tnrprife of the meeting bewildered mc, and I stood where I was as it transfixed. And theu Tom turned round abruptly, and, seeing me, stared too. "My God !-can it be you. Ted?" he gasped. ** I waa unable to answer, but bc carno forward wi tn a joyous exclamation, and grasped my arm. Oh, Ted, old mun, what became of you all those years? But come, you cannot explain that here. Mu ry, dear, let us hurry home at ouce. Herc's Ted Saunders come back to mu agu i ii ! We eau never get home too quickly, dearest !" And, ad one doztul, 1 was carried off by my obi friend, 1 could uot find speech ; I went resistless, with the urni of Tom, who had changed but little oucc wc paned, in minc. Hut I did uot once glance at Mary-" Lillie j Heart." Thc journey was not a long one. We went , through just two or three streets, and then we stopped at. a line house-Tom's house. 1 could nut believe it, but it wa?, und, before 1 could recover from my surprise, I was whisked into tho hull by Tom. Clutching me Btill harder by thc urm, he led mc through thc hull, and then into a brightly-lighted room. A lady standing by thc fireplace looked surprised at our abrupt entry. I stared at her. Heavens ! ** Here's my old friend come back ngain. Violet ! Ted, don't look like a ghost, bat let mc introduce you to Little- that is, my sieter-iu-Iaw, Mis« Walker." And then they all laughed, and I, joining in, came to myself again. Such a Imppy evening as thor was, Jt was worth ull those years of misunderstanding, the recital of whose wandering wus rewarded with laughs from all but one pair of lips, which looked so sweet und sympathetic. Anti then came explanations from Tom, of how he had got on beyond his expectations ; but a whisper in my ear told me that Mary owned that hov BC und a little money, so he had nut to wait long to marry her. And late that night, os Tom let mo go, bc whispered in my ear, " Now, you foolish fellow, are you happy ? A sweet girl, old mnn !" I heartily agreed with the laltcrstatemcnt, which I have since come to know waa per- fectly true. [TUB END.] 