OUR TELEPHONE. We want the Premier I And he wants yon 1 Good ! r.eciprocity is the word ! Mr. Held is at your service 1 How are you, Mr Reid? Dreadfully teased I No buffoonery, please I Ihe matter is too serious for far-fetched jokes I ' Joke ' do you call it ? Never hated the name of tea so much before 1 And serve you right I If you hadn't over leaped your usual caution yon would have been spared humiliation .' What humiliation ? Who speaks of humiliation? . That of being ordered from post to pillar, and from pillar to post by the labor party i Bad luck to them I They are getting too much for me I The beggars kick Over the traces like wild — Don't say asses 1 IndBed, no ! Prefer to say mules ! Such obstinate — Serves you right I You have raised the Frankenstein, 'and-yon -can't 'day the ghost I' Wish it was nothing-more substantial than a ghost 1 Too much of the real materiality to suit my book 1 * 7 How on earth' can a political genius 'like you condescend to d-e dictated to I Eh I What's that ? Dictated to I - Yoii- have told Barton and Wise that you wopjdj never be diotated to! And yet the labor pjuty— Bother Barton aqcr Wise ! Tried my level best to keep Barton' out ! ' Swore at the Elec tions and Qualifications Committee for dis missing the petition against Wise! Shouldn't swear.) Kein ember the proverb they have amongst the Arabs : — ' Curses are like young chickens, and still come home to roost I' Bight you are 1 Always are, indeed 1 By the way, what's the grievanoe between you and Wise ? The fellow wants to lead my party ! What's the good of wanting to lead a party that refuses to be led ? That's where it is I That's why I call 'em ' mules !' Call whom mules ? The labor party ! That's all very well I But it is no valid excuse for rudeness to Barton and Wise I They are suoh provoking devils 1 Don't care a straw for Gopeland and Dyne 1 John See is — A good hand at peace I Just so 1 But Barton's so logical, and Wise so cutting— And both so' gentlemanly 1 That's where it comes in 1 Could answer back anger for anger, vexation for vexation I But it's out of my way— Not a hit 1 You can bo gentlemanly I Bo 1 practice tbe virtue ! You shall be obliged ! Ting! Tingl Messrs. John See and Oo. have been appointed salesmen to the Clarence River Farmers' Vuion, 