CHAPTER II. John Stubbs felt somewhat easier in mind when he left his noisy fellow-farmers in the train at Scrooby, and set off homeward down the dark road. He was easier, too, that all connections betwedn him and every thing in the town of Fulford seemed now cut. He felt as if It were a long, long while ago that he had watched the miser In the theatre and followed him down the lane. Thero were but two things that sharply troubled him as he tramped along the dark road ; what should he say to his wife ? and what was become of his .dog ? The loss of his collie he felt like the desertion of a stanch friend at a critical moment : and he felt it all the more that he fancied tbe desertion must have happened at the same time as that—that business in the lane. The beast, however, was very intelligent, and would find his way home. Now and then as he tramped on he thought he heard the pad of soft feet behind him ; but he dared not look around ; it might be his dog. or, on the contrary, It might be—nothing ! Were there such things in the world as ghosts—haurMing gliosis—ghosts of men steadily pursuing those who had hurt them ? '" Bob ! Bob ! Bob !" he ventured to call in a low voice. But no dog came for ward , and still he heard the soft pad, and a chilling shudder crept over him. He walked faster, and presently he ran—ran Ifkc a scared child, and never stopped un til he reached his own gate. All was silont. No bark saluted him. and again he felt with a strange pang the absence of his dog. A light was burning in the kitchen of the farmhouse ; the maid-of-all-work had gone to bed. His wife had been in bed ail day. Everything at home was as ho had left it, but ou him what a change had come ! When he thought of his sick wife a gush ef teuderness came over him. Whatever might happen, he had no pity for himself ; bjst be had the softert pity for her. He c«til|l not terrify and burden her with his escrtt. He would be cheerful, and he would m«rely say that ho had managed to arrango for acme money ; fee would not even say he had got It. He took the light from the kitchen table and went into the dark par lour. There was tm. aid oak secretary there. Into a drawer of that he crammed the bag of gold ; he could sot bear to open the bag, or finger its contents yet. Then he went up to his wife. " There you are* John,'* said she in a weak voice as he crossed the floor to kiss her. " Home at last ! I thought I heard you come iv." " Yes, Jenny, lass, here I am," said John, stooping over her." " And are you glad, John, to be home again with your poor little wife ?" " Glad ? Yea, lass," said John. " More glad than I can tell." " I'vo been so lonely all day, John. I've been thinking over and over everything that might be happening lo you, and every thing you might be saying or doing. It has been a hard day, hasn't it, John ?" " Hard, yes," said John, almost forgetting himself and breaking down under her ten der solicitude. " But," he added, striving after cheerfulness, " after all's said and done, It's none so bad." " Any news, John ?" she asked, brighten ing with hope. " Summat," said he. " I think—l've mado a kind o' an arrangement—a settlement, jou understand—l think the bill of sale will be made up—kind of held over—and I think, lass, tbat we may manage the rent." "Oh, John !" she cried in immense re lief. " Really and truly? I begin to feel hotter already! But how have you managed it, John? Has somebody lent you the money?" " Well, lass," said John reluctantly, and at a loss, " I cannot exactly tell you. It's a kind o' —a kind o' a secret, you see." " Oh, John," she cried, " a secret ?—a secret from me? We hain't, never had a secret from one another since wo was court-, in', John, and are we to begin now?** John looked at her piteously, and plucked with his fingers at the fluff of the blanket ; he was strongly tempted to tell her all, and have done with It, but be thought how ill it might make her, weak as she was, and he held his tongue. " Eh, John!" she said, considering him, " but you do look HI ! Whatever's the mat ter ? Where did you have your dinner?" " At the Red Lion," said he. " And what did you have for dinner?" " Bread and cheese." " Bread and cheese, indeed !" said she with contempt. " For a big BUtmg feller like you ! That's what it is ! You're fam ished, jou are ; fair farnisbed. Now down you go and eat your supper ; Liz has left It i'th' oven for jou. Away you go." John wont down and made an attempt to eat his 3upper, but after a mouthful or two he cave it up ; his mouth was dry and baked, and not even (palatable food could I provoke its moieture. He drew himself a Class of ale, and he tried a pipe to spin the •time out. But he found neither satisfac tion no r comfort in anytnlng ; and yet he shrank from returning to his wife, who was sure to ply him with questions to get at his secret. It was surely much better, wasn't it, he said to himself, that he should keep it from her. His pipe went out. He would not relight it, but he thought he would Just look forth Into the night to sec if by any chance Bob had come back yet. Bob had not come back. He could make no more pretence of occupation ; and so he made up hie mind to go upstairs to bed. But first he made a Tesolute advance into the parlour, lamp in hand, to be Bure that the secretaire still stood In its place, and that a certain drawer was looked. Being assured of these things, he turned away in haste and rejoined his wife. To his relief she did not worry him for a revelation of his secret, but maintained a Silent and thoughtful attention, so that at length her forbearance, instead of being a relief, was like to become a burden. He knew—and she probably knew too —that her silent waiting was certain to draw his secret from him ere long. But he had a respite. " Your dead beat and tired, my poor John," said she at length. " Come to your .bed and sleep." John went to bed and slept, but with such wild starts and tmnbling.i that his wife was troubled to think what was wrong with him. He rose betimes as usual, to go about the business of his farm, business that would not wait—such as the feeding of horses and the milking of cows—but he showed a face as worn and as unrofreshed almost as that of the rilght before. And thus his day went on, with some cheer ful attempts at intervals to think that he would get over it in a day or two, that perhaps tho man, tbe old miser, wae not dead, and that in any case he had the bag of gold wherewith to pay his debts and tt> etart anew with activity and resolution. Hia wife was still ignorant, both of hlfl trouble and his gold ; be had got off with the promise that she should know all in a day or so. In the meantime there was great excite ment In the market-town of Fulford. A whole sensation and mystery of its own Fulford had not had for many a year, and It made the most of the latest. Ful ford was too quiet a place to have a daily paper, even in these days ; it had only two weeklies, and the reporters of both these were busy in looking up the myterioui circumstances of the death of poor Jerry Owen, who had played the part of the old miser in " Les Cloches de Oornville" for ever so many hundred times —played It so often that he had got into the habit of carrying' home nightly the bag of " Hano verian sovereigns" which was his great necessary " property." It was that, ap parently, that had led to his undoing. Por when he was found dead in the lane, dead from a terrific blow on the temple, the only thing mlpsing from his person—strange to tell!—was that same bag ot " Hanoverian sovereigns." There was another strange circumstance about the murder which was worked for all It was worth ; this, namely, that an un known dog—a sheep) dog, or collie —was found watching the body, and that it flew savagely at the policeman who, on his rounds, had come upon both. The dog was now at the police station, and his identifica tion might perchance (there was no saying) give some clue to the discovery of the murderer. These things, of course, were »ot yet published ; but they were freely known and canvassed among those who moved about the town. Of all that seething, boiling, and ferment ing gossip John Stubbs, being ten miles away on bis own lonely farm, was blissfully Ignorant. He still wondered what had be come of his dog ; he still cherished, while be abhorred, the thought of the bag of gold ; and he still hoped and prayed that when all this difficulty was passed he might be able to farm comfortably and keep his head above the waters of debt and bankruptcy, even if he did not make much of a profit. On the morning of the second day, which was the last of the three days of grace af ter the falling in of his bill of sale, he 'debated with himself whether he should take the money and go to the town to pay It off, or» whether he should wait for tho appearance of some one to make the de mand. He decided to wait. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon Liz, the inaid-of-all-work, came to him in the barn. : " Mr. Btubbs," said she, " here's two gen tlemen to see you—leastways, a gentleman end a man." John Stubbs knew then that the solicitor had come or sent to claim the rights of the bill of sale. He screwed up his confidence and went in. Not the lawyer, but the law yer's son, who was a pleasanter persoa than his father, waited for him in the par lour, and there was with him another —the kind of humble and furtive retainer who was easily to be recognised as " a man in possession." " Well, Mr. Stubbs," said the young law yer, " I suppose you know the business I've come upon ?" " Oh, yes," said John, " I can guess." " The bill of sale, you know," coutinued the young man. " must be met to-day or I take formal possession. Are you prepared to pay it, Mr. Stubbs ? I suppose you are not." < " Don't suppose too fast," said John, go ing to the secretaire and fingering in his pocket for the key to n certain diavor. He felt a certain reluctance to open the drawer and produce the bag of gold. But ii a. must do it ; and he did it. He drew the horrid bag out, and flung it on the table. " There !" said he. " There's enough money in that to pay your ' Biily Sale' two or three times over 1" t The young lawyer and his man looked on in some surprise. John with uncertain and trembling fingers undid the bag. thrust in his hand and drew out a handful of gold and began to count the Individual coins, one, two, three, and so on, under the eyes of the young lawyer. They looked good gold, but—but there was something in the sound of them that made the young man suspicious—eomething also that seemed queer in the whole situation. The young man picked up one and rang it. He shook his head and looked at it, and then looked wp at John Stubbs, who was watching him. -. " This won't do. Mr. Stubbs." said the young man. "What won't, do?" asked John wifh a blanched face. " This money. It isn't money. Where did you get it ?" " Where did I get it ? I reckon they're as good golden sovereigns as ever was coined." " Look at them," said the young man ; " at any one of them. You should know good coin as well as I do." John reluctantly picked a coin up and looked at it. Certainly it was not marked like a sovereign. He rang it on the table ; nor did it sound like true gold. Horror and despair seized him, and showed in his set, pale face. He said no word, but looked fixedly at the young man. " I'm very sorry for you, Mr. Stubbs," said the young lawyer, " awfully sorry ! But this looks bad—worse than you think, maybe ! These things are only counters ; they're called Hanoverian sovereigns. I suppose you haven't heard that the night before last an actor, Jerry Owen, was mur dered in a lane by the theatre in Ful ford, and that the only thing missing from him was a bag of Hanoverian sovereigns— the sham money that he used in playing the miser at the theatre !" " Sham money !" exclaimed John Stubbs below his breath. " Besides," continued the young lawyer, " a dog was found watching by the dead man. The dog ia now at the police sta tion ; I've seen it. I believe I know it." "My God !". moaned John Stubbs. " Oh, my poor Jenny !" He looked about him wildly. He stepped back suddenly and took a gun from a corner. Before it was possible to guess what he would be at, or to Interfere, he had turned the muzzle to his breast and pulled the trigger. He fell, and the two men ran to him. The report of the gun had alarmed the house, and presently John Stubbs's wife fluttered in, Just risen from her bed with a shawl about her. She flew to her husband and knelt by him. " Jenny, Ibsb," said he, fixing his glazing eyes on her, " I'm sorry, but I've messed it all up !" And so he died. The poor woman was frantic with grief, and the young lawyer and his man stood back and permitted the maid from the kitchen and the man from the barn to press in and forward. The lawyer quietly put the few exposed " Hanoverian sovereigns" back in the bag and stuffed the bag into his pocket; then he drew his man to the door. " You see he's dead," he said, " so there's no need for you or me to say a word about this bag. I'm going out to throw it into the pond. I'll be back in a moment." When he came back he talked a little while with the poor, distracted wife, and tried to comfort her. He gathered that she knew nothing of the bag of sham gold, and so he felt Bate in what he had* done. And thus it came to pass that while the neighbourhood was inexpressibly shocked by John Stubbs's suicide, and was exceed ingly kind and helpful to his widow, it was never known who killed Jerry Owen, the miser of " Les Cloches de Corneville."—J. M. Cobban, in " Detroit Free Preßs." 