HASOBTIC JOINT BANQUET. Tue second anatiai banquet in con nection tvuu *ii- Allies, 31 vine, and St Johns Dj.veupon Ljugec, sjCotaah <-o_Eiu.tuan, uiij ibe Corinthian ' «-ou„o, lriau Constitution, was uelil last cveuing, and. proved to be the most successful social event in I tie history ol jHasonry on Charters Tow ers. ihe attendance of brethren could not be accurately caused, owing to the crowu, but mere iaust navu been at least 170 present. There were a few visitors from Brisbane, Towns vine, and other centres, but these "were not as numerous as usual. The eater Sag was in the hands of Mr. A. E. Ackers, and the viands and attendance were good. The Stewards of the various Lodges gave loyal assistance, and as a result there were no com plaints. The Joint Committee of the four lodges worked hard, and well, and despite the crash, there was no confusion. During the sniper the Orchestra gave several selections, which certainly increased the as petite. if they did not aid digestion. The decorations were of a most elab orate character and were arranged by Messrs Drummond and Co. One of the mottoes proved a Chinese puzzle to even the oldest inhabitant ; but as it was in fine large letters it "received general respect. The decorations consisted of artistically draped mir rors, banners of all descriptions, pic tures of everywhere, Chinese lan terns; and a variety of moral precepts, given in large letters, that an arch angel could scarcely live up to. Bro. Bennett of the Electric Light Co. has a splendid star of lights in bine; white, red and green. After the toast of the 'Queen ana the Craft," had been duly honored, and Wcr. Bro- Goldsworthy had sung m fine style the -Death of Nelson/ the Chairman, Right Wor. Bro. Miles, proposed the toast of the gtitutlons.' In proposing the toast, the Bight Wor. Bro. Miles said that there was a movement on foot to form a Queensland Grand Lodge, and he did not onpese ft ; but he felt certain that no matter what changes were maae, the brethren could not work bmw® harmoniously under one ConstUaUon than they did at present wader three. There had been two annual Jotat cere monies in connection with theSeotth and Irish Lodges, and he hoped that before long there would be only one ?Tand rennion of all the Masons on Charters Towers. Bro. Flegeltanb then gave a reci tation. 'Becalmed.* The masfcal^ac companiment was good, and the reci tation was a long way above the usual aV^Bn>? Joyce sang "Deep in the Mine.* smd scored a distinct Biceps, aftar which the choir sang 'Spring Delights Considering the number of reallyJair vocalists and musicians on Charters Towers, it is a wonder that part music, especially that for male voices, is not more popular. _ The toast of the "District Grand lodge of Queensland, I.C.' ^Pro posed by Right Wor. Bro. J- MIUl can. Provincial Grand Inspector, ix,., who said that the one thing he had to say was that Wor. Bro. Walter should have been an Irishman. Al though belonging to another Conso jtution, he had when asked at a late or early hour to decipher an inscrip tion on a medal, and after Btriking a match and surveying the circle, he had read the inscription. Daylight showed that the interpretation was a. bit off, hut he, Bro. Millicaa, thought that any "■**» who could predict what was on a medal with nothing hut a very dim and unsteady match to enide him. should belong to the Irish Constitution : no man out side a madhouse would dispute this. The Orchestra then gave a selection. The Chairman. In reply, expressed his pleasure at the appointment of a District Grand Officer for the North 5n connection with the Irish Constitu tion. It had worked well with the Scotch Constitution, and would, no doribt, be of great benefit to the Irish Constitution. He had to acknowledge the loyalty he had received, not only from the District Grand Lodge offi cers, but from every member of the Constitution with which he was con nected. "Wor. Bro. J. Mainland, said that as he had to be short in his speech, he would like to mention his perplexity about the inscription on the will. A! distinguished authority had told him that it meant "Them's my sentiments*. Another distinguished authority had asserted that it meant 'I am agen the Government'; or 'the fied. Bed Wine*, and 'we won't go home till morning", or a 'record reign and the hands of time,' or something that could not be interpreted. With about five different and conflicting prophecies he left. The meeting that night was a. record one, and he was glad to see many English Masons present. He was glad to Bee that the Irish Constitution had estab lished a local centre, and believed it would do good to Irish Freemasonry. Wor, Bro. Joe MUHcan in replying to the toast said that it was a great honor to he re-elected for the office of Provincial Grand Inspector under the Irish Constitution, having jurisdiction from Mackay Northwards. In connec tion with his first public act, he would have much pleasure in reporting to his superior officers his viewB of that night's meeting. He was certain that the Constitution, and Lodges were in good health, and he could eay from what he saw around him that evening; that the average member's Constitu tions were in a fair state of repair. He was hopeful that next year they all would unite in one Grand National and Masonic festival. Referring to the Irish Constitution, it was compara tively weak s£ present on Charters Towers, but he felt certain that before long' it would be abreast with the others. ' Bra. Baland sang 'Thy Sentinel Am I' which was splendidly given. The toast of the newly installed Officers hbe proposed by Wor. Bro. W. Jenkins, who said that all the officets had worked themselves from the low est rung of the ladder to the highest. He felt certain that they would be a credit to the craft, Bro. C. Martin gave a mandoline solo This instrument, which appears to he a younger brother of the ban jo and guitar, in Bro. Martin's skil ful hands became a reservoir of music Bro. Dr. Cl&tworthy; gave the fine song the 'Woodland Serenade' with very fine effect Wor. Bro McTnally said he could scarcely hope to fill the Master's Chair as worthily as his predecessor had done, but he wonl3 do his best. Wor. Bro. M'MUlan said that he did not think he could beat his predecessor Jb the Chair, but if any brother , wanted to see him at his best, or worst, he shoalfi visit the Myjne Lodge. Wor. Bro. Chambers said that he had al ways looked forward to setting to the top of the tree. It was no easy mat ter, and he looked forward to the sop port of the Bast Masters, and other officers during his term of office. The toast of the Immediate Past Masters and returning officers was pro posed by Wor. Bro. T. Mloally, responded to briefly by Wor. Bros Car bls. Kerswell and Thomas. Bro. Egerton Taylor, in the absence of Bro. George Reparian a, sang "Tell Her X love Her So' with very fine ef fect. The toast of the Installing Officers was proposed by Wor. Bro. Joe MUIi can. In reply to this toast Wor Bro Crocker said that if any credit accrued to the installation in his lodge, it was largely due to the labours of Bros Har Ian and Frazer. Eight Wor. Bro Miles ?s one of the Installing officers said it was a .pleasure to him to take part In any Masonic function. He had been greatly indebted in the recent -cere mony to Wor Bros Harsland, JenMtiB, tbe Director of Ceremonies, and es pecially those brethren who "had beett lesponsible for the music, which had added much to the effectiveness of the ceremony. He hoped to take part In many more ceremonies of tbe same Jrind. Wor. Bros. Harsland and JeB ldns also briefly responded. Wor. Bro. Chambers proposed. 4KB Sister Lodges sad Royal Arch Chap* ter. In response to this, Wor. Bkj. - Hooper expressed the hope, that at tbB next Annual Masonic Union, at least come of the English Lodfes would ta represented officially. A tew other formal toasts eonchid eft {he most Bnceessfnl social ftmetfott in connection with the craft ever seajt an the Towers. est idea of where he was; in fact he dU mot Snot? b&dscit; .j fie-fceritd hfear no aoiind either with-, $b or without the boost, but It now' 'struck him that his voice remained gt liberty; iflionfe might bring succor. ®»II «£ this Idea, he -waited nnta i,» tttoaghtit intet he w^l into the taorn tag lot ttt began ti> feel Ssuat fatm ^En camitteaciia to shoot *l™V*a4 cmalng * «afeastapo?. Titajjfttly the door opened, the profess ^^CTea»d wait gin he !** previous night. , Her ftise ■was green which set *Mi^Sflr!lj?er^ featmes and 2^SL??U?» ^ Mr Pattison.' said 5* trTitaUnK- W«i»d J~V~ ttfi previous night. Ton •"^.y11 Bhontlng very loudly. for i could hear ;on at breakfast. I fear *® he. thirsty alter so ranch ex ertion, so have permitted Grace to Wing yon a glass of milk." "The girl approached silently, her eres downcast, and field the stake to his lips, Herbert drank greedily for his throat was hot ana dry. _*Por your own comfort,' the pro "went on, 1 shonld edvjse 71m not to shout, for no one can hear you, and sou will only feel hoarae. I will leave yon now Tjo mahi the acqu&in-; ■ tance or yonr future wife' I went oat i and shut the door. < Pat±Ison. refreshed by the milk he and Ewallowed, determined to mate a strong appeal to the £hl "Miss Vincent," he began, Is your gmrflian serious in his extraordinary »M> to marry you, his ward, to me, a man <of whom' he knows absolutely nothing; and can. yon contemplate marrying" an utter stranger .like my self r The girl raised her eyes; a taint color camc Into her pale cheeks. " "Indeed I don't want to marry you or anybody. Bit what can I say ? I most do what f «m told.* She spoke with absolute sincerity, .and pattison groaned to hlwiMit as he recognised that , he could expect no active help from this quarter. The professor's femat as to 'snbmissive ness" recurred to his mind, and be realised how annoying this virtue— so rare among present day revolting daughters—was ^t the present wwwnont "Then youthlnkhels Berious ?' Tes,' I fear so.; - When he' makes np his mind nothing can alter him. I have tried.' ■Then your guardian has now taken' it into his head to marry you. ««irt put the money ontheroad dutsideto at tract somebody into thehouse. Be must be maid. Was last - night the first time he tried the experiment ?* 'No, the third. I had to stand in {he room when anyone entered th garden so that they could see me they approached the window . .Sjw! first night a man came, an and I think drank. " "f®* The professor ee-f toe c(ft ^ ^ room, and Ite t' taow Kfhat hap pened, the ma^. ^ Next night mbfifty, so he picked it up Ir,^ ^ „jght . Ae fclrt told the extraordinary tale rjiaply^ Pfi-ttison listened with minion and cage. If the professor WK mtd, there was certainly method )B Us madness, and . the plan, had proved partly successful. - An eligible bachelor had been tapbmreO, but Bpt tison had a strong tiind of obstinacy in his compositioa, and swore, at the moment thk lie would die before he . JieMeft. "HeXhreatens to keep me here with out tbod till I promise to marry you." *1 know,' the girl answered dole tully. . .. "But won't you aid me to get away ? J&t; least yon could bring me food secretly.* "I wffi try and bring yon some food,* 'she answered. "Only 1 am afcaidtie professor will forbid me.* Had {kffisni any pity to waste he would have expended ^ome oh the girl-] .She stood the picture of misery and! aha me, seemingly anxious to aid him, j bot.nfcberty in fear of the old man who h&ft; brought her up. \- Jjhesflence ins' broken by the re . tafi of the professor, who dismissed Ule girl with a motion of his'hand.' Hum. he turned to Ids prisoner. . J "Wellhe queried. ■ - ] Doe may lifce partridge, but not wheiiv thrown in one's face. Tour ward is no doubt charming, but t re fuse >to be coerced into a marriage jRgfttwfit my free will.' There iB nothing like starvation to <ana obstinacy. It answers with Iinrspfi, and I expect win answer, with you shortly.: Think ft over.' Hie prisoner now left alone did-. There was nothing etee to dp. Els ■ position was peritouBln the extreme He w»b utterly in the power of the professor, as ranch so as the fourteenth TCatmy captive la the castle of an enemy. He pictured Miss Heath's alarm when she found that morning that he had not returned. Would She communicate with the police to £ay, or wait till to-morrow ? it mat tered Uttle, for there was no help from that quarter; the police could not git the smallest due, bondon had swallowed him. . "After time hunger banished an speculation Jas to escape. He began to wonder hew far the awful professor would go In the threat to starve him into submission. There was a dread ful ring of sincere conviction In hie Write when he said he valued human j life-at vary little above a dos's. Ab afternoon waned he became soj ialnttromlackof food that he lapsed; Into a sen) i-unconsciOTiB state, Jialf ■weakness, half Bleep. He was dream ing, and saw vaguely the vision of a beautiful face dose to half famil iar, and he was wondering when and arheee he had seen it before, wh i the delightful yet prosaic smell of hot soup under his nose woke hiwi to full con sciooEness and the presence of Grace, who was heading over Mm with a epoon and basin. . : She fed; falm la h» pltyi and sorrow, in her soft grey eyes Jjair; irritated him, he knew not ,why.i Then, revived -by tie soup, he as^Bdj the time. : He seemed to have been lying there" for ,days, though the light! above him' told him It was not yet evening. s ) IPs neatly eeren o'clock. Tt will soon .be dark. The professor gone tor Us walk, he forbade me to bring you anything, hot I coaldn't bear to think of yon .lying here asy longer.' ao I stole tie Bonn out of the kittien.' . How far would the girl's pity load her. ■ He determined to see. Does anyone liva In this house be dsides you two ? Any servants ?" *No. - Urs f&ggins; comes every day and-does the housework - but she • goes home every evening.*' . "Would; she hear me if I were to ehont Ti' "Not from the kitchen, and she never comes.above the. first floor.* 'Won't you,* pleaded Herbert, 'tell \- her,I am here, so that - * ' 'No, na.' she cried, piteously, ^don^t ask me please don't ask jne- I dare .not He bld me not to telL he made me promise, and I cannot break my fWMfiL ,->** aiaSb^SL-% bringing the ,mm."J».'JWStiS" «w Una.* Shehrote into a dma ;«£ d-sobbeda " tot useless Jo prase 1 ■ eaid,wtth~flgnOteJ ' '*5? a fetnd 3ieaH, endj waft let =me .die fjl ttu^vUon, let' the proIesBor command wh&ihe; vllL-1 The girl's sote ceased, and she aneweredfiriBlS": J Iwtm't ; ni bring yon-Eomg more tood to-night, when he's gone lb bed. I liad better go now* Herbert -was still meditating a It; ! mmM be possible later to get the girl [in release him when the prpTessqr ap peared again, and said : / ''; .= "Weil, Mr Pattison, will you accept] ! release on my terms?" ■ ■' . ■ I 1 will not,' replied the prisoner, all! his hatred against the old man tevtv-1 ing in his presence. ' It is curious," remarked tie latter, i surveying him dispassionately, like a i beetle under ipdcnsom tmtlnotice to spite «i your big trtim and heavy bund yon are of i nenots and emo tional temperament. -1 should say your disposition is easy-going ma weak, but you have now a fit of obstin acy which ntktt jtm harder to deal with. Ton are a -blend of weakness and strength, and paradoxically ft makes yon stronger. Confinement does not suit tod, you -will -worry your self into an illness. Good ttight, and a wiser decision to^norrow. The professor's diagnosis was cor rect. Herbert was usually of a weak and easy-going. nature, and when a weak man in a fit of obstinacy mala— up his mind on a certain point he is the hardest of all men to alter. There Was SO IlimiBtiiHiif BO ri <UcnIous, in yielding, and taking a bride by the professor's coercion. Hut; Herbert felt that death itselfwere pre-' ferable. Moreover he was .sostained by the promise of Grace to tiring Hm food later, - and the faint. hope of [ prevailing on jier to set btm free. ' i The zoom'grew dark, evidently he was not going to be allowed any light this night, the got on his j nerves later and he began to tipmble.: Time crawled and brought no relief/he ^ began, to think Grace would not keep her promise when the welcome gleam of light under the door heraided the approach of someone. It was Grace ; not dressed In the i magnificent dress that had eoTdazcted him the previous night, bat In a plain \ serge, and bearing a tiay loaded with various dishes and Jogs, Herbert fji£ lied at the Bight and begged to nnUe his wrists so that te^gu ji>' up and feed himself. hotlor I will cortfe.* he said. tavefcds^/16 »* ®P **** vhen 1 „ 2^*- ®lrl hesitated, but' consented. ..cert's wrists were bound together and then to the bamboo pole In snch a Way that his fingers could not touch thfe knot She untied it; and the prisoner was able to sit tip, loosen Mb Xvrists and eat and drink. -Compari son being everything, the felt , tor .the moment quite happy In this temporary relaxation of his bondage. . Grace in sisted on his swallowing some port wine and raw egg; then lie ate some meat and drank some beef ♦»« Die change from darkness. hanger and soli tude to the light, (he food and the com panionship. was' so violent that his mental 3epression changed1 to: ember ant gaiety. The girl's spirits rosnwilh his. For a few* mlnntes they chatted, with jests and suppressed laoehtfr, like schoolboy and schoolgirl raiding the pantry and enjoying a midnight feast. Herbert gathered by a few questions] ijtit secoiily that the imteaor, though j eccentric;' was'not unkind to the girl. 1 He 'had wtaiBlf no affection for tejj 1 andexa&ed; an Implicit. obe3fe6f& to , 10b wishes. Gheii^sy^ ladaadfa-j tcnigeiit, rtwMgh absolutely ignomit. <*t|» *pSd. having established a friendly feel- 1 In-between them, Herbert ventured to ] beg tor liberty, pointing out that by j lav the professor bad no audi power , iover her as Bte imagined. tat this : gtrl could not understand. The law was unknown to her. Iter fear of Iter j gnardlan very real, and when the pros- i oner pleaded for liberty, though loth j to-refuse, she dared not comply Whether he would b&re; .won ber over to brave her guardian'*. wrath will remain unknown, for In the Sftaft dt Herbert's argumente the pro tiMiiH' 'broke In upon them with b qoa ■Hie Mid stick. Tatttson ottered k bit- • ter oath, for he waBalmMt as power-. Ins as if his *»*»*> were tied, -tod1 Grace, giving & try of horror, Shrank away Into fc fcorner. TPnt tip yonr hands and let me retlo thetn* Bald the profesBor quietly ; *mr tftlck is loaded with lead; one tap will fcnock yon senseless.* Pattison submitted in sullen ali enee, and was bound as before, then the professor coldly told Grace to go to her room, and followed her oat. Her bert was left alone to bemoan his fate. There was nothing surprising in the girl's meeK's submission. she had been educated as though living In the Middle Ages instead of the nine teenth century, but with a little more time he tronld have convinced her, now he feared lie would see her no more. This tear waB Justified, for when the Ion? nteht was passed. and also some slow hours of daylight, the nris oher. wearied ' almost to breakta); point. heard -Die protestor's Bbep. and emnmoned all his resolution to tern his foe. . ■ , Totir farther Imorlfeonmenf.' he said. V yam are stttt obdurate. win not he lightened by the society or mater ial assistance of Grace. I have locked her In her-room, and sent the only do mestic I employ away fortWo days.' To yra intend to rtarve her, too,* snarled Pattison. *No," said tile professor. steadily, "but as t tan no longer trust her she wo « safer there oat of the way.' "Ton devil.* cried Pattison. Ton remorseless devil, bat yon haven't beaten me yet. I defy yon still. My God. if I conid only pet at you!' Bat the other did not give him even thp luxnry of a reply and retired. The second day of the prisoner's captivity ran Its coarse. Strange to say he slept for some hoursdnrtag the day. then woke to frightful pain and enCCerine. Every nerve and fibre of his beine was on the rack now. Hanger, thirst end pain tormented him, he could have prayed for death or madness to ease fats BotfertneB, but his brain was clear and he felt that endurance could go no farther. He mnst yield. As he realized that the bland pro fessor had won, and his two days* tor ture had been of no avail a sadden raroxyBm took possession of Herbert. FJe flung himself to and fro heedless of the pain it caused. It was a wild frenzy, the last straggle. In which the remnant of his strength and passion were devoted, the pole swayed, there was a slnginfc in his ears, Win*e4 his vision, the cords seemed catting through him. Then above his head as he lay writhing sounded a crack of broken wood and he tolled over on his back. Not knowing what had happened he lay <*ni a moment, then turning Us head saw that the upright block was broken from tho (K*or and the head of the bamboo free. Pushing bis hands op he was able t ltii some difficulty to slip them over ijie top. Bis fingers now at liberty, lie untied his legs and ankles and stood Tip a free man. He staggered with mingled excite ment and weak: ess. frills, flotir bad celling seemed tc 3 ante ronnd him, he leaned against lie heirfest "trail and paBsted ms hand otot fats face,. and looking again Kaw_a welcome sight, tt was the tray of food Grace had brought the previous night and which the professor tad not taken away. ke dra^k some spirits and felt almost hiir3°lt. again, pud even I more welcome t' an food or drink was j a dinner knife with which he now ser ered the cord wlich bound bis wrists. I. Next he bad the curiosity to see how he had got free. The bamboo to which he had b^en so long bound fit ted Into two stout, short poles about j six inches thick, which came through t 'the"floor. Examination now showed a . flaw In the centre of the broken piece.' which bad exte-adsd till 'the sound wood had given way to tie fury of his final struggle. The stick had snap- ,■ ped and the Umlroo had been released ' from its rciting place.- '■ *My worthy oTofessor," murmured Herbert, "you difl pot allow enough for i contingercles. I have a strong temp- f tatlon to break pur head before I go.* • Re ate and drouk and then pre- j oared to leave. The door was m-1 locked, he passed through and stood In ' a small passage. And now a mystery * was revealed which had hitherto puz-» zled him. How. he had wondered. • had the professor got him upstairs' when insensible, but a lift which stood ! before htm now explained. Glancing j through the- landing window he saw he was a good way from the ground. Following the stairs downward he came to the story below. Passing along a passage a sound caught his ear bom behind one of the closed doors. He paused and listened. It was the sound of a giri sobbing and uttering broken words .of prayer—the voice of Grace. In the sudden excite ment of liberty, not yet fivemhiutes old. he had forgotten her but now he' remembered, and his heart smote him that he had been going away without a ■pord of farewell. Hie remembered all she had done for him. In fact it was •chiefly owing to her that he was now at liberty. He must let her know at once. He knocked at the door and whis pered, T«lss Vincent.* The -sobs ceas ed, and her voice cried with a little gasp, "who is there ?* "I—Pattison. I have got free,' he answered. Then seeing the Key in the lock he remembered that she had been locked In; he turned the key end en tered. Grace had been kneeling by Iter bedside, she now confronted him with a mingled look of astonishment and joy. Her hair was tumbled, her lips parted in sururise'.'Vls it really you T she gasped timidly. Rattison laughed .at her astonish ment, as In a- few words he told how he had gained his liberty. As he spoke her tears vanished, her eyes glowed, and the pale cheeks became1 rosy. ; 1 am glad,*.phe Galdsoftly. "I was praying for you. God mustliave heard me.' Tou have been very good to me. Grace,* he answered, unconsciously pronouncing her Christian name. "Bnt—' He broke off, conBciouB of a new feeling towards her. If he went away, .what 'would be her fats'? Hitherto the longing to escape had wholly oc cupied him, but it now struck htm that he gone, the undaunted professor' might again set the golden trap. What way was there of stopping him ? His brain at that moment was not very dear, and he conld think of none with out publishing his ridiculous captivity to the world. Now, as his eyes rested, on Grace, lie felt how Impossible it was to leave "her under present circumstances. His sentiments were quite changed. It was one thing to "be blandly ordered to' take a wife as a doctor might order a dose of medicine, but another to leave the poor girl who had done eo much to aid film to the fate of having to marry the next man captured as he had been. But how to save her ? There was but one way : by marryine her him self, and this step he found not wholly nnpleasing. In fact he real ised that he was in love with the girt who bad been the innocent cause of all 'his Bufferings. Nor was this to be wondered at. She had done much to aid him. had dared for the first time in her life to disobey her guardian. Short as had been their acquaintance, her disposi tion in all its simplicity and tender-' less had been laid bare before him. And chief pf all reasons In a; man's eyes, her beauty drew htm She stood there in a simple dress and un tidy hair, bnt nothing could disguise her loveliness. As he stood looking at her, his eyes must have expressed; his admiration, for hers fell, and her color deepened. "Do you think,* he said at last, the professor will so on with this mad scheme Y 1—don't know; hid. go now, before he cornen back.' 'Grace,' he cried.not heeding Jtor words. "my darting, I can't leave you to such a fate. Ton shall not be mar ried to any stranger." With a shy. eager look die raised her eyes and made » half step forward towards fldm as though welcoming his succor. 3Xe caught her "in'his aims and kissed her. 'Grace, do you love me ?' 1 don't know.' she whispered soft-. Iy- Ton see I have not met anyone | like vou before." i "Yes, but—you let me kiss yon. ' Tou dont mind ?' ! 'Weil, nobody ever Idssed me be fore.* she said, with an admirable blush. ■ Tf anybody else^ever does, I'll mur der him. Barling, I want the mon opoly of your kisses, your society, 'yourself. Grace, now I'm free I know! II love you. Will yoube mywlfe, and remember if yon don't you'll have to marry—* rd -never have married anybody else, sfter Vd -tnet you." But Herbert received the informa tion that he had sacrificed liimcnif in vafn.nlth noble fortitude. And Gxace'e world had changed al! ilk a& lnBtatt: It sefemfed altBost too feootf to be true—-aftter the shame and faouHy growing humiliation of being forced on an unwilling husband, to lie" w»oed by this man now that he, was free and at liberty to walk out of the house. Her happiness was too deep fiirwoipds. . JSnt there was. no tiiu^ for Jofre iBaklng. The professor -was ont tor a walk, and would soon return. Her bert decided that it would be best for him to go home and get some sleep and return on the morrow to Bee his old foe and tell him that he had won after all. Grace declared she had not the courage to tell him herself, and beg ged Herbert-'to lteave her locked in her loom and to go away at once, and this be finally did, and bidding her a ten der farewell, relocked the door and went downstairs. JTe" danced at himself in a mirror in the hall, above -which he found hanging bis own bat. which had fallen offwhen the professor kidnapped him. He pot tt on, and turning up the coat collar of hie light overcoat, concealed the fact that he was in very crumpled evening dress. ■ Opening the front door he Wis .about to quit the house when a man met him on the threshold. At. the first glimpse he thought it was the pro fessor returning but a second look Bhowed tt was a policeman. "Good afternoon, sir* .said the lat ter. "Are you a friend of Professor Metcalfe V Herbert, not inclined at that mom ent to enter into an explanation of his acquaintance with the professor men daciously answered in the affirmative. Tm sorry to have to acquaint yon. sir, that the professor has met with an j *Oh, indeed.! said Herbert, blankly. ..•Gome In and tell me pbout it; don't be afraid of frightening joe,' he added, •dryly. 1 can hear it.' The man gave a glance of some astonishment ard said : ' - ■ -*As yon may be aware, sir, the pro fessor eoes for & walk every after noon, He's a well-known character about here, and has been run over sev eral times owing to his stooping aU of a sudden as he walks. I hear he's a, literary gent and does it when { j ideas come to him. Well, 'alf an honr ago he was crossing Oliver road, Inst j by Winson's, when he pulls up sadden-! 1y. There was a brewer's van coming along at a eood pace, and ft was on him before the driver could pnll up. I was the .nearest constable, my relief was just due, that's why 1 can come here now. I picks him np, to)consci ous only, T thought he was. But a doctor examines him and says that he was dead, an 'oree 'oof 'aving struck him on the temple.' ********* But If the professor's ghost Is able to revisit the world, he must smile to see how well, when alive Jhe carried out his promise to dead friend, for Herbert and Grace were married as soon * as the archbishop's special lic ense permitted, and what Is more Pat ttson has freely forgiven him his ar bitrary methods of securing a hus band, for Grace and he, in spite of their odd preixuotial acquaintanceship, find their married life runs smoothly and happl'y - —THE EliD— The Australian J«reIIeryX!onipsny. "Brisbane, "wish to axmomtce that <helr representative. Mr. J. PfaHUpB, 1s in town for a (ev Ttwte, with a large assortment of jewellery; latest de signs In -watches. broodies, rings, etc., to be> sold at Brisbane prices for cash «r ■ on easy terms; time payment. Mr. PhBiipe can he seem at the Soya] BotcS every evening after five <#dbok.* 