HE WAS HAUNTED. Fischer's ghost has been laid, to the regret of 4h«se who have cherished Mp» as a winter story for the fireside. He isno lo'hger believed to sit on top of a ( three-railed fence, as a clue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Glebe, Sydney, -who was haunted by a spectre which never left him. It was wiw mm as ne sat all day mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him, and he began to look upon it as a fearful part of himself until his time would comb to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve the enigma of ite presence, and the way that he could lay It, as they had laid Fischer's ghost. The worst of the matter -was that It was invisible to all but himself; he was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At -length the means were given to him to free him self of its hateful presence, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative who .waited upon -him at 86 Bridge-road, Glebe:— 'For the past eight years,' said Mr. William Burke, shoemaker, 'I have endured very much from con stipation and piles; no medicine seemed to do me good. At night I could not- sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took cculd free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and now I can*say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of them, t am a. better man .to-day that I have been for years. It is a grand cure.' ' Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Pills cure such cases. They are a pcBitive cure for liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation,: foul breath, callow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, and all Bkin diseases. As a woman's best friend they stand alone. Sold by chemists and store keepers, price, Is l%d per bottle, or six bottles, '6sr if unable to procure, where you reside; The W. H. Comstock Co.,i.td., 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, will forward same upon receipt of price; — 0. ? : 3 