SE0BT ST0&Y; THE END OE THE GAME. You really oan't rouse me to muoh en thusiasm over the short story,' she said. ' I know all yon would say of it,— snbtile, per fect of form, and sonnet-like in finish,— 'yet I am vi ell.' Any man may wear its laurels, and I envy him not. Bat when it oomes to the literature of correspondence, then I con fess to coveting the orown. I wonld rather have written a series of fascinating letters than all the short stories of the decade.' ' Do it,' said he. ' Pat yonr next novel into epistolary iorm.' ' I might— and fail more signally than ever in making my oharaoters Bpeak out what is in them. Letters, of all things, must be written from the heart. Fancy the tone Swift's would have taken if he had been told he must correct the proofs on some day of reokoning !' ' The heart is a fiction in literature. We all know what powerful work has been done with the avowed purpose of making money, and by men who wouldn't have touched pen to paper without that ignoble spar.' f You are a pagan 1 'Yon are a sentimentalist — shall that be my retort ? No ; yon are simply pare wo manly.' Yon oan't imagine desires fulfilled without esthetic cringings and moral winces.' 'l Nothing of the sort ; but I do acknow ledge the oonorete fact that I couldn't play dummy in a series of letters.' ' Then— collaborate.' ' With whom ? Some gifted ghost ? Pros per Merimee's P' ' With me. We say good-by to- morrow, after a charming summer acquaintance of Eix weeks. Yon leave this hotel, and go baek to your Bohemian Boston attio. I return to New York and journalism. Now, let us assume a situation. I am madly in love with you. Don't start ! How un- dramatic you are 2 You — there my invention halts, though it is easy to see there would be no story without an obstaole. What shall it be, your engagement or mine P' ' Yon give me a choice of fetters ! That's generons. But 1 won't take the haokneyed obstaole of 'another,' thank yon ! Some body always has to descend to bathos or perfidy in order to extricate himself. No ; let's pretend that we are conscious of a mutual attraction, bnt don't in the least satisfy each other's ideal of what a man and woman Bhould be.' 'Do forgive me for saying how truly Bostonese and priggish !' ' Shall I endeavor to be suburban and flippant? Well, there are dozens of possible situations. Take your choice. Disgrace — my great-nncle has cheated the widow and orphan, and then shot himself.' 'No drawback at all, unless you get up some sort of moral soruple about returning the spoils ; and that would bore me to such an extent that I should reply only by postal oards.' ' Hereditary fend — though in that case we should have to join hands in the regulation manner, and satisfy tradition. My imagi nation is quite at sea ; yon propose some thing.' ' Consumption and insanity have been done to death. You muBt be devoted to a eanse, and refuse to give it np for devotion to one man.' ' Hundreds of women have fought, bled, and died over that, from 'The Princess' down. BeBt of all, why not begin the cor respondence, and let it determine its own coarse P' ' Excellent ! We will merely draw a heavy line under the faot that I am in love with you. Reroembor to write only on one side of the paper, won't you P It will save us a deal of oopying.' ' Yes ; and suppose we send the letters flat in large envelopes? Then we need only number them, lay them aside, and they are ready for the printer. Bnt I predict a bar to our perfect satiefaction in the oompleted work. Did you ever yet write a clever thing without having some great-aunt or second cousin accuse you of lending it from your personal experience ?' ' Never ; and I anticipate what you are going to say. No matter how mnch the all-knowing publio clamors for 'author of our immortal work, we will lie low and con fess nothing. But if it actually does find us out, we will deny it the satisfaction of de- claring that our own hearts have been laid bare ; for I will olaim the woman'B part, and you shall have the man's !' ' Clever, indeed ; bnt hold to a 'bragian' extent ! Well, say what you like. I will at least deny nothing. How often shall we write ?' 'Everyday, by all means. T have some important work ooming on in Deoember, and I should like to finish this episode of the . heart before then. By the way, remember to make no allusion in the letters to the faot that we are playing a game. Let us drees for the part, deceive ourselves into all pos sible earnestness, and see what swagger things we can do.' In a month the correspondence wbb in full swing, and, omitting the letters whioh served as prologue, thus it ran : HE. Your yesterdays" s letter probed my armor at a hundred points. I have loved other women, you say ; what, more or less, does it mean when I declare I love you? It is true, I have had my dreams and passions, though I should decidedly object to posing as that speoie9 of hero who is not only beautifnlly Byronic, but truly unwholesome. 1 am the average man, with a sense of the ideal and a poetic imagination. Therefore have I idealized woman, and to idealize is to love. I loved my cousin May. She grew up and away from me, and married somebody else. She was a bonnie bride,— God bless her ! — and meeting her to-day is as commonplace as reading the weather probabilities. Two yearo after, I wrote sonnets to a woman who never guessed them to be from what I am pleased to oall my soul ; and this summer, when you met me, I was engaged. You have not seen her, hat you have heard of her — a pentlo, domestic oreature, who would have made me half happy and supremely comfortable. She guessed at ray having fled from you because I dared not trust myself to stay, and give me my freedom. She is no leBS tranquil, and I am her everlasting debtor. What then P ' If these things be so,' you say, ' what can love mean P What do yon give me more than the others P How do I know whether the jewel is mine own, not only to have, bnt to hold?' Yon speak like one born yesterday, or as a child for lornly strayed out of Arcadia into these solid streets. Have yon yet to learn that a relation mnet be judged, not by its length, bnt by its perfection ? When I sat with you those moon- fed nights, while the sea washed the rooks at onr feet, and we had no need of talking because our thoughts ran together like heavenly horses of the sun, what then? Do you think such communion is often dup licated P Does one find a diamond more than onee in a lifetime, or see the perfect arch of the rainbow twice in a summer ? Why will you so fatally pull open the petals of this heart-flower, to count the stamens, and de termine whether it conforms to this or that system of classification P Yon know me— the average man. Suoh as I am, I am yours. If you challenge me to the oleareBt truth I know Low to utter, I confess that I know nothing about eternity, and oare less. I ask you to walk step by step with me through this troublous world ; and if, pome fair morning, I should wake and see your face beside me in that other land whioh theo logians and poets seem to know all about, why, then, I'll give you merry greeting! Bnt as to swearing that I shall love yon eternally, how do I know P I wonld have sworn it had we met ten years ago. Now the days, inexorable 'daughters of time,' have hronght me wisdom, and I see that our afieotions are indeed 'tents of a night.' Bnt passing fair they are, and I prithee, sweet mistress, let me rest in mine undis turbed. You women expect of men a fan tastic and impossible loyalty — a loyalty con secrated to keeping a niche vacant for you until you come, and making life forever sterile after you go. God knows your scheme might be a happy and heroic one for some unknown world, made on a different plan, but not in this— not in this ! We are grow ing and changing oreaiures, like our brothers, the trees. Year by year we put forth shin ing buds, and renew ourselves in the sun and cherishing air. There were birds in last year's nests, I tell you plainly ; but now they are gone. Shall my leaves whisper above the poor little brown dwellings with no desire to see them warm again with downy life P Perish the thought ! — since change is life, and standstill means decay and death. You are the ohoice of my prime. Why deny us both our happiness because you cling too long and closely to the dreams of youth ? SHE. When I read a letter like your last I al most hate you. Fortunately— or the reverse, aooording as you value my toleration — you do not fall into the Goethean platitudes whioh would force me to remove myself forever from the risk of hearing them. Yon are not absolutely blasphemous. You do not say, in so many words, that love is a suc cession of fancies and phases ; aud so I am sorry for yon without actually despising yon. For, believe me, my friend, it is true that though men do not die of love, they should think it possible. Though, if I deny you, in a year yon will have loved again, you should he swearing to me and to yourself that, without me, in your own proper person, you die. And I should know you would not die, and you would know I knew it, because we are neither of us at the morning of life, when one believes that wishing brings the boon ; but we should be a little nearer heaven than we are now. For I, alas ! doubt you, and you can analyze yourselt and me. So, farewell, — nay, rather, honest, plain good-by. May all the gods be with you, for I will not ! You need them, and you do not neod me more than another. HE. Now, by all the powers that rule this curious modern world of analysis and cross- analysis, or ocoupy their Olympic leisure in bringing about the madness of our day, it shall not be good-by! 'The gods shall he with me, but only to fight on my side, not to console mo for a viotory lost. Poor child ! you oan't help your temperament, can yon P No more can I mine. But yours is the geeator curse. You are stung by the gadfly of the ideal, aud you are fated to rage through life in search of the perfect love, a perfect lover. Diogenes himself, that prince of visionaries, might have held himself moderate in comparison. You should have lived in a day wbeu I could have claimed your hand through battle with a hundred knights ; when your favor would have had baptism of blood, and I oould at last have come begging home from Holy Land to die at y cur feet. You would have canonised me then, in your maiden calendar, with the same single-mindedness and fervor which bad inspired you when you buckled on my armor, and sat at prayer and tapestry while 1 fought the heathen host. And since you are denud that narrow and musty path, you would faiu invent wild beasts and paynims of the mind for me to conquer. I must play with you a poetic drama of love, overleap obstacles, and dissect my heart and your own, to note whether the tisanes are homo geneous. And I would do it if there were no other way of winning yon. I am hut a man, an actor in this merry game of life, and I oould well play such a pretty interlude, if needs must. Bnt I should do it only under protest, as one might snatch a glove from the arena. Bealities far better serve i my uiood, and I'd rather sit down with you to one of those flashing hours of lightning speech than rhyme you 'love' and 'dove' by the ream, and pretend I had not slept since I saw you last. Heaven save us! it's an easy part to play. Listen ; this is how Strephon would woo you— Strephon who has never loved before, and never will gaze on woman's face again while you and he shall live ; nay, who shall be constant beyond the stars 1 ' Last night I oould not sleep. The min utes whispered of you, the hours struck your name. (Poor methaphor; but Strephon's metaphors wonld be poor. You find such romantic bathos only in combination with intellectual poverty.) ' At midnight I rose, and looked at the moon sailing her sea of blue. Immeasurably far' (or do they know her distancs P), ' she was yet nearer than yon ; or no intelligence of the night would bring me news of you. Were you wakeful, and did your thoughts turn butningly to me, as mine to yon ; or did you wander lonely in dreams whither I oould not follow P O most dear, jewel of the earth and desire of all the winds of heaven that dare to touch your cheek, one word from you or I die !' Do you like it P The stylo 4s fatiguing, and the subject matter, feeble as it is, a tax on the imagination ; bnt I can torn out suoh stuff by the quarto volume, and perhaps I could even talk it on a rainy day, waen you had lighted my pipe, and I was disposed, like a kindly lord and master, to humor you. Dost like it, I say, and wilt have more to morrow ? But whatever .thou wilt have, be assured that I will have the9 from hence forth and — nay, I cannot say forever, for that would be pure folly, and an arrogance at whioh fate smiles. SHE. Why do I answer a letter like that — not even earnest, bnt jeering at me and the holiest of my draams P I do not know, ex cept that I seem to myself so hopelessly under your influence that I cannot out this knot at one stroke, as a more heroic woman might. And this brings me to another reason why I should not be to you what we both have hoped. I have accused you of not loving me. I come now to the doubt whether I iu the least love you. That you attract me, I grant yon, and that the attraction is so strong 1 can hardly withstand even your written words, I allow with shame : but that I love you— no, I am not sura of it. What have we in common P I am trying to stumble into the path of the ideal, and yon are contenting yourself with a daily carnival of intelleotnal pastimes, with flashing lights and glowing flowers. I want to bind my hopes to emotions that are imperishable, and relations that are infinite ; you are content to take the joy of the flying hour, and pledge yourself to no more arduous task than that of making it your own. You disappoint me at every torn, and yet yon fascinate me. As I write, the ring of your voice, the remem brance of that radiant look you threw me when yon rode away, — for your eyes could laugh beoause the sky was blue and the air soft, and mine were heavy with tears since I must loose you, — the very thought of your presence so sweeps over me at times that I whisper the air to carry you the message, 'I am yours !' But, after all, I am not. An inner self— a dissenting, stern, and resolute self— says 'No' ; and I cannot yield. Oh, if you but guessed it, I had been easily won before I knew you so well ! Had you been less honest, — less insolent, I might write, — had yon paid me the compliment of lying to me, you might, I say, have won me ; hut I suppose I shall some day thank heaven that you did not chooBe. That you could stop iu the midst of a letter to the woman you pro fess to love, and interpolate a travesty of honest emotion — oh, it sickens me ! Let us write no more. What have we to say ? For you +here are a thousand pleasure paths, since, as you own, you have an idealizing and poetic nature, and there are thousands of women for you to idealize. I have been but a throbbing line in your spectrum of life. As for me, perhaps I can some day be wholly thankful that I did. though with breaking heart, ohooss the highest. Do you remember Guinevere's self- despairing «y» ' I should have loved the highest ' P Do you remember how Maggie Tulliver turned from Stephen, not alone because he was bound to her cousin, but because the nobler part of her nature never responded to his call ? I do not court martyrdom with these ; but I stretch out my hands to them for help in this stress and trouble of my life, that their memory may give me strength. Do not answer this. Thy should we spar with words P To you it may be intellectually amnsing ; to me it is agony. HE. My ohild, you never gave me so much joy in your life. You say I am fascinating to you. I make my lowest how, and respond that you are infinitely charming to me. What more do we ask r Love is but a sub tile attraction, and there is scarcely one chance in a miilion that either of us finds in another the mysterious soul likeness or soul- defference which draws us now together. I consider myself, so to Bpeak. a saturated solution. (Did David Copperfield say that before me?) I can conceive that I might adore you ; but it is not within the remotest possibility that I shall meet suoh a being daring the next fifty years, and at the end ot that time I expeot to be duBt. Therefore we are quite safe, and let us haste to the- wedding. By the way, I met AuntTSliza- beth to-day, and told her we are to be mar ried in the spring, end she proposed having some jewels set for yon. I oould give yon. dozens of toothsome little itemB like this, if you didn't kepp me so busy writing about the state of my soul, or wildly defending myself from the charge of having one; Bnt I implore you as a friend, — nay, as a lover, whose peace of mind should be preoious to- you, — not to mix our affairs with those of bogies out of hooks like Guinevere : aud the Tullivers. Why should they be dragged forth to daunt me P I shudder when yon taoitly command me to put on buskins and copy some hero of tragic story. Muoh as I delight in your letters, I tell yon frankly they make me nervous. I feel as if I must respond in blank verse, and my muse has- been halt and blind this many a year. Yon have oritioized me tremendously, my lady, for the last three weeks. I am going to- retaliate, and enlarge upon yonr greatest fault. Neither winoe nor fear me ; 'tis not that you are not fairest, virtuousest of your sex, bnt that you have no sense of humor. If you bad, you would appreoiate that neat little bit about Strephon in my last. I con sider it a olever interpolation ; bnt you, be ing, as I say, destitute of humor, count it a blasphemy against the. Unknown Eros. (And let me tell you that Eros, in his best estate, does a precious deal of laughing. He is nut-brown and roBy, and I shouldn't wonder if he were fed on strong ale and moat, instead of sweets aud Byllabub.) Think not, . though, that I love thee less for thy foolish seriousness, for in that thou are the mora - feminine. No woman yet ever had a man's sense of humor without losing some essence- of fineness, some aroma of her sex, priceless - beyond jewels. And so I do not aconse you because £ would havo you other than you are, but that you my say to yourself, when yon do not approve me, ' It is because, be ing a man, he sees the strange, jagged edges - of events, and the way they fit into eaoh other — the awful inoongruousuesa of life ; he smiles over the grim irony of the game, and smiles where I should pray.' You will keep on striving for the impossible, seeking the gold at the end of the rainbow ; and 1 shall pore over the pebbles at my feet, in searoh of some more Bhining than the rest, to build into our garden wall. We will still be different, hut alike in that we love eaoh other. HE. (Telegram.) Are you ill? Why do you. not write ? BlrtK. (Telegram.) I am quite well. .Letter follows. SHE. My Friend : My last letter tells you my reason for not writing. How oould yon have misread it or forgotten? I said then that we have nothing in common, and that we = must part. What oould I add? There was no need of further valedictory. Yet if there he need, let me say now that I wish yon all . good, all happiness and peace. I am yonr friend. ... (To be concluded next week.) 