NOTES AND COMMENTS. The Rev Anna Shaw wants to be a Chicago policeman. In fact, she thinks the entire force should be made up of women. She declared before the National Convention of the Women's Suffrage Association tbat 200 uniformed v, omen as policemen in Chicago would do more towards the elimination of crirr.e than mativ times that, number of men. We believe there is a good deal in what Anna Shaw says, though it is a striking commentary on the difference between the behaviour of the citizens of tLe United States towards women at any hour of the day ani night aud that borne towards them in other English-speaking countries that this proposal is made from that eeuiitry. Female police wouid have a far wider scope in London, for instance, and would undoubtedly emancipate English women from the big risk of insult oa being seen on the streets af ier dark. Besides, there are now gangs of female burglars and highway robbers in England, for particulars of whom see * an account * printed * elsewhere. # We pride ourselves on being plain spoken, and the English arrivals 6ay we are vulgar, but judging from English court reports we are no more plain spoken than the English, and we practice a good deal more humbug. How often rio we hear of judges being emiaently surprised by a fast being brought under their judicial notice that they are perfectly well aware of in their private capaiisy. Listen to the following excerpt from a London County Court, presided over by Judge Bacon :— Plaintiff, who had summoned his landlord for a chrouio stink on the premises, deposed that for a long time prior to July he had noticed a bad smell in his barparlor. The regular customers who had used that roam all left him. On Juiy 16 the room was flooded, an t for four months his takings fell off to the extent of £3 weekly. A witness was called who stated that he used to spend 10s a week in the bar- parlor, bus left owing to the smelL Mr Crooke: What do you earn 1 Witness : Thirty shillings weekly. Mr Crook : And you spend 10s in drink ? This is dreadful Another witness gave similar evidence. In answer to his Honor both said they were single men. Mr Crook: This evidence is too much. It is impossible to ere iit the statement that men spend one-third of their income on drink. Judge Bacon: You ara indeed innocent. (Laughter.) It is a most common thing among single men. Mr Crook : Then it is a very sad state of affairs. But I have no experienca of this district like your Honour. Judge Bacon : Do not flatter yourself it is confined to the East-end—I assure you it is not. For the defence it was suggested that the sewage came from below. Judge Bac -n : That is impossible. The e vidence is that it came from above. Water does no5 flow uphill. Indeed it is only in poetry that 'streams meander level with their source '—(laughter)—and only in one poor poet. (Renewed, laughter.) Eventually his Honor held that defendant was not liable in law, and gave judgment for him with costs. Now, had that case been heard before Chief Justice Madden, he would have delivered an anti-liquor homily upon the evils of wasting a third of the witness's substance in drink. Judge Bacon who, like Maiden, has no doubt dozens of professional acquaintances who spendia greater proportion of their earnings, refrained from making a hypocrite of himself. * * * Reynold's Newspaper' says that the Indian frontier war has already cost the British taxpayer ten millions of money. These figures are so tremendous that they raise our wonder, but sources of investigation are so remote that we cannot criticise them How is it that in this boadle age nations do not" go to war on contract? It surely would be a great saving, and surely it is practicable. In America an enterprising individual—an ex-detective named Pinkerton—has a small, handy army which he, lets out on hire, either for war or police duty, and the results, as far as they can be judged, are eminently sat isfactory. In the Debs war and the Chicago riots, the firms guarded by Pinkertoa's men had nothing to complain of on the scores of expense or e fficiency, and surely a microcosm is capable of practical extension. The ten millions for the few months' war in India, and the four millions for the few days' war in Greece, seem such extravagant sums that we fancy a reform is sadly needed. * * * A Home raper under the heading * A Model Publican' says the ' Down and Connor No. 2' Church Army Mission and Colportage Van has just concluded a mission at Liscolman, County Antrim. Owing to the stormy weather, the only suitabie place for the meetings was a hotel. The proprietor of the hotel, however, not onl? lent his largest room to the Van Mifsioners without charge, fitted it with electric light, and supplied the seats, but also attended the meetings himself and led the singing. Now, in this there is an inferred slur on the noble army of publicans. It is considered extraordinary that a publican should interest himself in church matters, and we straightway elevate oarselves on our hind legs and ask' why 1 What is the difference between a publican and an ordinary man 1 He does not practice an illegal calling, he provides for a larger section of the community than any other tradesman, and his livelihood is not animadverted upon in any passage of holy writ. Then why tHe frequent inferential protestation that he is as good as any other man. Of coarse we can understand the attitude of the goody-goodies, because they are the individuals who interpret the language of the Bible literally. But why the mass of the public should consider it extraordinary when a publichouse-keeper does something quite ordinary for * an ordinary * man, * is a * puzzle. A dreadful state of affairs ha6 come to light in Wangaratta. It appears tbat a nefarious sexton, either by incompetence, neglect, or design, has muddled up the plans and records of the local cemetery in a fearfnl fashion. Children who have died have been buried alongside some other family, defunct widows have been separated from their translated husbands, and there has been a fearful mix. If the inhabitants of Borderland were as visible to us as to Mr Stead, that cemetery would show us some hi^h old scenes at night. We would see the the ghost of a materfamilias forcibly ejecting the wraith of someone else's gathered olive branches from the premises next her. and making frantic efforts to gather up the skull end bones for removal. This would be resented by the occupant, who would show his plot - number and insist upon his rights, and there would be a regular battle of tha gho ts. The confusion would never have been detected had not a recently made widower, who remembered where his offspring were planted discovered that » different locality altogether was indicated on the plan. Hs objected to have his wife's remains planted at the spot indicated. The sexton maintained that that was the proper place, and now there are ructions. * - * * * Some such muddle occurred at the closing t>f an old Dmiedia (N.Z.) eemetfefy, whiteh stood in the way of some civic improvements. The town Council let the job of exhnming all the coffins by tender. The lunk-headed-contractor who had the contract got the numbers of the plots from the cemetery records, and went to work. But he forgot to keep the coffins separate or to affix : he number of the plots or the name on the tombstones to them. He simply piled all the tombstones in one heap and all the sound coffins in another heap. Some relative of an inmate of one coffin came to take the remains away to the npw cemetery, and when he found there was no identificatory precaution he raised a fine storm. His example was followed by scores of other?, and the Council were justat their wits end for a solution of the unique difficulty when a genius hit upon a plan. This was for. one big vault to be built, all the exhumed remains re-interred in it, and a gorgeous monolith to be erected on it, having inscribed the names of all the remains that had been shifted. Many demurrers were raised to this, but as there was no better plan proposed it was put into eff ct, and the joint monument stands over the reclaimed cemetery to this day. « * * Speaking of exhumation reminds us that no satisfactory explanation has been given of the wonderful preservation of some corpses. Of course you know Byron's description of that magic beautifying change which comes over the features after death. the mild angelic air. The rapture of repose' that's there The fixed yet teader traits tbat speak, The langour of that placid cheek. » • « rne moment ye?, one treacherous hour, He still might doubt the tyrant power. Byron limits this _ wonderful change to an hour but we have experience that this aspect has lasted for years. When the Grey Biver washed into the south bmk at Camptown good old Father Roland going past one day noticed the end of some effins sticking out of the gravelly bank. So he had them removed to safer wound. The coffins were mode of thick red pine slabs, and many of them being ill made, contained nothing but a strewing of brown colored litter bas - relieving the skeletons. One coffin,ihowever, containing the body of a handsome Scotswoman who had died some six years previously was better made, the impinging edges of s the wood had been properly joined, and perhaps were airtight. On being opened it disclosed the body of the occupant in as good a state of preservation as as if the burial had taken place half an hour previously. The face was full, calm, and wax-like, the eyes had been closed and showed the lids but'slightly depressed. The nose and mouth were life-like and the only visible hand crossed on the breast, clasped a braid of the long, but no longer elossy hair. The presentation was FO startling that those whose curiosity had tempted th?m to peep, hastily restore-? the lid, but even before they could affix this the whole contour of the figure began to sink, showing that the work of decay had only been arrested in the' solitude of the grave. But the glimpse was enough to prove tbat under certain conditions preservation is possible, and what those conditions are we should like to have stated. , New Season's James for 1898.—JONES and Co's No 1 TASMANIAN JAMS. Fin es quality.* BLIGHT 1 BLIGHT ! I—Don't suffer, as MORRIS'S IMPERIAL EYE OINTMENT Never Fails to Cnre. Over 50 yeans in use Never be without it. Sold everywhere Pots, 2s.* 