CHAPTER XII. A VALOBOUS COWARD. The loader of the unsuccoBsful party of eea ehora was juof. finishing his supper, in the intervals of which delayed meal ne had boon giving his wife a dotailod narration of tho events of the day. . And now I sup- pose I've got to go and put in tho night at tho MoNabb," he addod : ' theso raids have got to bo stopped, if-' Mrw Ludlow held up a warning fingor. ' I thought that was our gate,' sho said, and prcsontly they both heard tho quick norvou<s troad of some one coming up tho gravollod walk. Thon thora was a stop on tho veranda, and boforo oither of them could riso a grimy apparition appoared at tho door of tho dining-room. Ludlow sprang to his foot with un exclamation of glad surpriso. ' By Jovo, old follow, but you aid givo mo a turn !' ho exolaimod, grasping tho ap- parition's hand and wringing it hoartily. ' I thought it was your ghost,- I did, for a fact ; and I beliovo tho small madam thinks so yet.-Holou, doir, wake up and allow mo to introduce Mr B/iugbraud.* j Mrs Ludlow roHO unsteadily and ran up, j laughing and crying in tho same breath. * Yon foolish mau 1' she said, pushing her I husband aside impetuously, 4 can't you see , I that Hugh is nearly dead P-and you stand thoro making your miserable jokes ! Why don't you run for the doctor, quick ?' In spite of the dreadful secret that waa weighing him down like a nightmare, Ring brand dropped into the nearest chair and laughed till the tears out little channels through the grime on his oheoks. ' You mustn't mind mo,' ho said, as soon as he oould speak ; ' I haven't laughed for three whole days, and it sounds so good and home» like to hear you talk again. I don't want a doctor, Tom,'-Ludlow was edging toward tho hat-rack,-41 need soap and water and something to eat.-Mrs Ludlow, I'm your guest, and I've lose ten consecutive meals : ploaso have Aunt Mina put the whole ten of them on the table, and I'll devour them when I've washed off a little . of this war- paint.' Mrs Ludlow vanished in the direction of tho kitchen, and Ringbrand rose and grasped his friend's arm. * Tom, you oome up- stairs with me while I olean up a bit, and I'll tell you what I oan. There's work out oat for both of us to- night, with not any too muoh time to spare.' Ludlow followed him up-stairs, asking, 4 Shall I turn on the water in the bath-room for you ?' , ; 'No; there isn't time for that; but you may open those valises and get me a whole olean outfit -the blaok suit with the cut- away will do.' ,, . He got out of his soiled olothing hur- riedly, throwing the different artioles all about the trim room and hastily recounting the story of his capture, imprisonment, ana escape, concluding by giving an outline of tho plot against tho Latimers as set forth in the conversation between the two mea in the cave. 4 Great hoavens ! but it's lucky your over- heard that talk,' ejaoulated Ludlow, paus- , ing in his aimless search among the contents of the travelling-bags. I 4 It's something more thaa luck, Tom/ .; roplied Ringbrand, Bluioing his face in the : basin ; it's Providence, or else I shouldn't hö here to tell about it.* 4 Have you thought of any plan to ofceok- . mate the scoundrels P' 41 have, and it needs your help. As soon as I've had something to eat, we'll drive up to 4 The Laurels,' aud then you can take the first opportunity that offers to get the colonel by himself whilo you tell him about it. He can tell Henry quietly, and there'll be noj need of alarming Miss Hester. After she has gone to bed we'll hold a council of war, put out the lights, and dispose our forces PO as to give tho Bynums u warm welooine when they come ; they will not make the attempt much before midnight, and we will bave plenty of time to got ready for them. 4 Hadn't we better take a few of the men with us ?-the Bynum boya will fight like devils when they find themselves cornered.* . 41 think it won't be necessary-can't you find that suit P You see, thore will be four of us, and if you can manage to capture the one who is holding the horses, I think the colonel and Henry an 1 inynelf will bo good for the otVer rvvo. 1 lcd thought of sug- gesting K " . liing like this. They will leave tho hoi M u the grove at the left of the avenue, i.¿.'S you can post yourself where you can slip up and surprise your mon. Then the others will proceed to fire the house,-probably at the front-retreating to the oover of the clump of laurels to await developments. Ii or tho sake of having a olear oaso of arson against them, I thought it would bo best to wait until they had aotually started the fire, and while they are doing this I can get behind the laurels and the colonel aud Henry oan prepare to cover the men with their rifles as they retreat. At tho proper moment I can show myself and demand a surrender, and we'll have them pretty well surrounded.* Ludlow rose from his knees and proooedod to dump the contents of the valises upon the bed, whistling softly to himself as he did so. 1 The scheme's as clear as diluted daylight, and it ia worthy of a graduate of Scotland Yard,' he said. 4 Thore is only one point that is a little misty : you've given yourself a part that will ask for a heap of downright cold-blooded nerve, Hugh, What havo you dono with your respeoted traditions of in- herent cowardice, and the like ?* 4 Loft thom in the holo up on the moun- tain, I hopo,' replied Ringbrand, struggling into the clothing handed him by Ludlow. 4 Anyway, that is just what I want to find out. On two occasions within tho last three days I have managed to soaro up courage enough to stand up to danger like a man, but the conditions woro such as would have made a rabbit turn and fight. "What I want to know now is if the inspiration woro merely an exaggeration of tho instinct of solf defenco, or if 1 roally did gain a viotory.* 4 Well, you're cortaiuly in a fair way to settle tho question if you carry out your pro- gramme. Has it occurred to you that your calm demand will probably be auswored by a couple of riflo balls ?' 41 havo thought of that, but J. moan to take tho ohaucoH,-if I do not weaken and make a failuro of tho wholo affair.' Ringbraud completed his hasty toilot, and wont down to tho dining-room, whoro Mrs Ludlow waa waiting to servo tho returned wandoror. Ho took his acoustomod place and mado a ravonouB onslaught upou tho hastily propane! supper that astonished and gratified tho nympathisring hostess. 4 How tlroadfully hungry you woro !' oho said, oall mg Aunt Mirna to roplonish tho ompty broad plato. 4 Haven't you had unything to oat all theso days ?* 4 Not very muoh. I will toll you all about it the first ohauco I get.' (To bo continued.) 