AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. CHAPTER XXII. Sir Merlo Adamant, with an almost unceremonious movement of his hand, displaced the countess of Carleton from before the study of Eve's face, painted with the aid of v vivid recollection by Adrian, that ho might see it from an unimpeded point of view. A curiously cruel smile passed over his features, as he muttered— ' Very like ! very like !' Presently ho glanced stealthily at Adrian, and said, suggestively— .' A coincidence, of course. This head appears to have been painted previously to the appearance of my ward in society.' . ' Undoubtedly," observed Lady Koscelin, in reply, as she peered over tbe baronet's shouldor at the portrait through her 03 f e-glass. ' Quito acci dental, of course. The resemblance is marvellous—one could almost fancy that Misa Mortmaine sat for it." 'Or stood for it,' remarked Clarice,' with a significant look at Grautley Fitzaustrey, who, howover, was so en grossed by the thoughts,' - which--the', likeness to Eve displayed in the study of a head by Adrian, stirred within him that ho had no oyes for her. ' What is yet more remarkable, Sir. Merle, thero is a romantic story at tached to this ideal portrait,' remarked the countess, betraj'ing something like agitation ac the unlookcd for ap pearance of Sir Merle Adamant. 'Lot mc introduce to your notice another charming painting by' our amateur artist. Here you perceive is a scone in a forest, in "which, the person, or phantom, whichever it was, made her first appearance, ani took Adrian's imagination by storm. . Sir Merle started, as he turned his gaze upon tho picture to which the countess directed his attention. He screwed up his mouth, and then.turned a glittering glance upon both E<re and Adrian; at the" same "time an ejacu lation escapod him. ' Oh, I assure you, Sir Merlo, Miss "TJmfraville knows the whole story,' pursued the countess, rapidly. 'Pray tell it to Sir Merle, my dear.Clarice. It will greatly interest him, I am cure.' ? ' I have uo doubt it will,' responded Sir Merle, drily, as he passed his hand slowly backwards aud forwards his chin. . ! ? Clarice looked at Adrian, but he turned haughtily from her.. _ She bit her lip angrily, and a feeling'oE bitter resentment burned within her breast; but she did not permit it to betray itself. Assuming, .as before, a light, bantering touo, she said, with a well acted coyieh simplicity, but with a deep aud wicked meaning— ' AYe were staying in Dorsetshire. Adey and I used often to wander to gether in a lovely, solemn, , silent old wood, iuto which nobody seemed to roam but ourselves. We .were accus tomed to find out all the thickets,- and coppices, aud glades, and that sort of thing, where we fancied that no human creature could interrupt onr delicious coinmunings. ? Adey ?-?then used to talk so prettily, and was so kind, and tender, and attentive to mc; that I quite loved those rambles beyond everything. ' Sometimes I gathered- .wild; flowers,: rare -but in digenibus, "and he would read musty old books, dry old —? —' i ; ': ? 'But this apparition?'interposed Sir Merle, pointing to figure of E*e in the picture. : . 'Ah,' responded Clarice, with a sly look at Eve, which she permitted every one to observe,' that, was a very momentary affair. One day Adey, poring over one of his tiresome Latin, strayed away from mc. AVhen 1 over took him, I found him with open eyes, aud mouth staring at"—at-^—at—at-7— what shall I say, Adey ?' ' Anything that will take shape of an apology to Miss Mortmaine, for what would be the absurd, if. it were not distressing, manner hi which you are connecting her with,.' some miserable efforts of my ? pencil,'ex claimed Adrian, with an excitement which he in vain strove to conceal. 'My dear mother,' he added, addressing Lady Koscolin,' will you please to con duct Miss Mortmai.ue to some pleas-: anter apartment thau this, and where, sho is less likely to be annoyed by such childish folly.' ? ' Hush, Adey, my love,' exclaimed her ladyship, hastily; ' I am quite sure Miss Mortmain? will uot feel annoyed by my darling's simplicity. Sho has no concealed meaning ; you must know that. AVhere ia tho harm in relating a simple occurrence ?' . ' I would not annoy dear Miss Mortmaine for the world,' exclaimed Clarice,.ruuning up to Evo, and press ing her hand; a species of embrace which Evo recoived with much frigidity. 'No offence!—ha ! ha ! No offence, , cried Sir Merle, with a cackling laugh. ' My ward is not bo easily disturbed ! Besides, let ' the galled jade wince,' as tho poet Bays. It touches not her, eh ? How should it ? By tho bye, I think I recognize tho dress of that wood-ghost. Whore did this, little romantic incident happen ? ' 'I suppose I shall bo scolded if 1 tell,' answered Clarice, affecting a silly, playful tone. ' Tush !' ejaculated Sir Merle v with an impatient wave of tho hand. ' "Well then, in Ctsrno AVood, , sho returned, withii well-affected plaintive smile, pressing her hands together, and extending them towards Adrian in a pleading manner, she continued, ? you must not be angry with mc, Adey dear, for it did really happen, did it not ? . Your pictures are exactly liko it, aud, instead of being miserable, they are lovely. Now do all you say yes.' ? ' TJth, I : thought so,' mused . Sir Merle, fastening his bright dark eye on Evo. 'The young' lady paints portraits, too. I understand now why the head of her angel etr"ck mo as being very like a human face I had seen somewhere. The portrait she pointed at Cerno bears as close a resemblance to its original as his. ?TJtu !' strange fact! there is always one point of grave importance over looked in the construction of a plan. It did not occur to mo that innocence would wilfully overstep a line of domarkation, or that innocouce could so woll keep a secret. This .pair are smitten with each other. It is well that I have been warued in time, or I should, perhaps, have been, as in her sister's case, tripped up by a secret marriage.' He did not disclose what was pass ing in his mind by nn outward expres sion of feature ; but contented himself by declariug, with a slight sneer in his tone, that if Adrian wero not the son of a lord he might have made a fortune and a reputation as a painter. Adrian, without waiting for that responsive aflirmativo which Clarice had requested should bo given to her assertion, respecting the beauty and skill displayed.in his pointings, said, in a grave, and evidently pained voice— ' This scene, at least, has lasted long enough. Miss Eve Mortmaine, as my mother, Lady Koscelin, strangely enough seems to have over looked "an obvious duty, pardon mc if I offer my services to conduct you to a chamber in which you will, I doubt not, fi.id pleasauter entertainment than in this.' Sir Merle snapped his fingers, and laughed loudly. ' You are prematurely old, Ma3to.lv Adrian,' he cried, jestinply, ' and _ un conscionably fastidious. "What if it were Eve that you saw in Cerno "Wood ? You would uot be the first young gentleman of your age who" had fallen in love at first sight.' A flush of crimson overspread the features of Adrian with almost magic rapidity. ' 'Nor,' continued the old baronet, with a disagreeable chuckle, ' would JEve have been the first young lady who had mistaken a boyish face for that of an ange.l.' Eve started; and she, too, blushed so. vividly as to betray that she fully, understood the insinuation he had levelled at her. ' Has it gone so far as this?' thought Grantley Fitzaustrey, a cold, clammy perspiration bedewing his forehead, and a heavy weight, pressing dowu_ his heart. 'I have no time, to lose if I am to hope for success.' . 'Eeally,' suddenly exclaimed Lady Koscelin, as if a new light had already dawned upon her, ' I _ begiu to think the badinage is taking a wrong direc tion." A joke is a pleasant thing in its way, but. it ought not to be per mitted to favor misconceptions. The fact is, notwithstanding Adrian's spectre of the forest, and his ideal countenances, and their resemblance to Miss Mortmaine, he could have had only my sweet Clarice in his thoughts when painting, for she is his betrothed, and to her he has been long engaged.' 'Mother!' exclaimod Adrian, im petuously, forgetting for the ininuto discretion, prudence, and even pro priety, ' there aro misconceptions which ought not for an instant to be permitted to obtain. You have this moment given expression to one. Allow mo to dispel it at ouco, and for ever. Since I havo been old enough to comprehend the importance and the gravity of tho point, I have resolved to dispose of my hand with my heart, whence 1 believe it to bo calculated to insure the most happi ness.' Under this conviction, I havo rogardsd what you havo been pleased to term my betrothal as a mere caprice of yours, and with respect to my being engaged, I emphatically deny it. No one, 1 may add, iv more fully acquainted with that fact, than the young lady whoso name you haye taken in vain.' As he concluded, ho made a haughty inclination of his head to Ilia mother and hia guests, savo Eve, at whom he did not trust himself to look, and with a hurried step he, to the surprise of all, quitted tho apartment. His departure was followed by dead silence ; aud a general look of con sternation was apparent on the faces of all, except those of Sir Merlo and Evo. .The old baronet looked perplexed; but yet there was a cunning, malignant smile playing round tho corners of his mouth. Eve's face was perfectly passive, and-her eyes downcast, yet it seemed ?.o be radiant with ineffable happiness. ' It may have been that Clarice thus interpreted tho expression on her fair young countenanco, for she saw it, and read it in Eva's triumph and her own comparative ruiu. ? She darted at her a look of intense -and vindictive hatred ; and then, as sho observed, the tearful eyes of Lady Koscelin bent upon her, she covered her eyes and face with her hands, uttered a wailing cry, as if a disclosure, which she had long been more than prepared to ex pect, had overwhelmed her with despairing anguish, and she, too, ran out of the room. This was a culminating point iv a ' scene in a studio* which none of the persons composing it had anticipated —least of all tho young lady who had brought it to pass. Lord Roscelin coughed, blov his nose, looked iiorcely at Lady Koscelin, and then rather vacantly at his guests. Lady Koscolin, looking a little dis tracted, raised her hands, and, in a weeping voice, eried — ' My poor angelic child ; this is come unhappy mistako, my sweet, innocent angel ! Adrian must have lost his wits. Pardon mo, Lady Carlctou, I must console my poor, iluttered dove, and bring my foolioh hoy to his senses. With a hasty inclination of tho body as she concluded, Lady Koscelin quitted tho room. 'Upon my word, this is very curious,' exclaimed tho countess, looking at Eve earnestly, then at Sir Merlo Adamant, and lastly at Lady Koscclin. Gathering a hint from an expression iv the eyes of the old baronet, she said to Lord Koscelin — ' May I trespass upon your lord ship's kindness to order my carriage.' ? lteally, my dear countess," ho re plied, in an embarrassed tone, ' I do not precisely know what to say or do. Some very remarkable matter has oc curred, respecting which I am quite in the dark. I suppose it is one of those points upon which I ought to be clear ; but, upon my honour, I am not. , ' It is a matter which, I apprehend, does not, and cannot, affect those who have the honour to bo at this moment your ladyship's guests,' observed Sir Merle, with a quiet smile. ' Nothing more than the petulance of a boy, and the ready tears of a sensitive girl. One of those small domestic clouds which, like a summer storm, obscures thesunshino at an unexpected moment, aud is dissipated before we have time to be concerned about it.' Sir Merle, turning to the countess, said to her, politely, but yet in the tpue of one who expected a hint to be taken aa a command.— ? Your ladyship's carriage fa at the door. The afternoon is very fine. It would be a pity not to continue your drive, especially as circumstances have fallen out. I will dine with you and my ward to-doy. Grautley, necompauy the countes? and Miss Mortmaino to their carriage. I have a fow words to. say to Lord Koscolin iv private.' Lord Koscelin, who looked flushed and embarrassed, himself led the way from tab studio, which had been the occasion of an explosion that was fated to have a serious effect on the future of nearly all who took part in it As soon as tho opportunity per mitted, he rang for servants to attend the departure of the count6ss and Eve ; and in spite of some interposi tion on the part of Sir Merle, and of Grantley Fitzaustrey, ho persisted in accompanying them to tho foot of the staircase. Sir Morlo waited tho return or Lord Koscelin in a reception room ; flrantley, with a pr.lo faco and din turbod look, attended tho countess and Eve to their carriage ; and although Sir Merlo had directod him to accompany him to Koscelin House, aud had intimated that ho required his presouco thoro for somo particular purposo, ho mounted his horse, and took liia place by tho aide of tho open barouclio, to tho undisguised dissatis faction of Evo, who, however only betrayed this feeling by silence, and a wearied look. She wished to be alone. She had undergono a vast amount of oxcite* nient, in a very brief period ; an ex citement which was not only new to her, but calculated to produce a great deal of feverish agitation. It was the moro potent, too, because. blio felt bound to control and conceal it; and it was uo en?y task to appear calm throughout tho circumstances in which sho had been placed. She was a child of nature, there is no <?oubt, aud innocent enough to betray" what she might feel under certain conditions ; but, oven iv her secluded life, she had discovered that thoro are two opinions on most sub jects. It was seldom that sho and Signora Dogarossa thought alike; but as the si?iiora was very dogmatical, aud was' apt to propound her argu ment at.tho highest and loudest pitch, of a thrill voice when opposed, Eve learned, for the sake of peace, to reserve her opinions, and as well to adhere to them. Still, even her extreme innocence taught her that what had that day transpired botween lierself ard Adrian was a enbjcct far too delicate to bo commented upon by those who might have sought a reason for her agitation, if she had betrayed it; and it was one much too dear to her to run the hazard, through woakiiesss of nerve, or want of self-control, of subjecting it to the scoffs and jeers or those whom she had already discovered hud not either the heart or tho principle to regard' as sacred, eubjeets pi too much im portance to tho happiness and well being of society to bo treated with levity. Tlioreforo sho made an effort to appear composed during tho taunts and allusions of Clarice Umfr.iville, and subsequently ; but she hoped that sho ehould hpve somo opportunity of relaxing the painful restraint which slit had imposed upon herself when she was ablo to escape from the presence of Lord and Lady Koscelin. Tho attendance of Grraulley l'itz austrey compelled her to preservo her coltl, rigid demeanour, for she felt that if she for an instant permitted her natural feelings to haveauy scope, sho should fall mto one of those strange, wild fits of shrieking that used to convulse Signora Dogaressa with alarir, and compel her to mutter all the handiest prayers sho could muster to those saints in the calendar, whose special duty, sho believed, it was to listen to them. Through the park again, among the crowding throng, whose faces had once seemed so beautiful, but now were distasteful to her. She found herself, as before, the object of constant attraction. Ladies bowed to her, and gentlemen, with rather unusual anima tion, raised their hats to her. Some rode up to the carriage, and formed a body-guard. Observations wore ad dressed to her; and oyes hero, there, everywhere, appeared to glare upon her. "Withal, there was tho dull monotony of Grantley's unmusical voice buzzing in her ear, expressing sentiments which she did not trouble herself to comprehend. Suddenly thero came Colonel Egre tnont on the opposite side of the car riage. He was mounted upon a high blooded, superb horse, which pranced and caracoled, but which he managed with ease and grace. Ho, too, seemed to glare r.t her, whilo he was indulging iv somo light conversation with tho countess, who appeared to be talking and laughing so loud and so incessautl} , as to distract her. Like Grantley Pitzaustroy, the colonel addressed her, it seemed to her, in a prosy, murmuring way. She could not distinguish what ho said. She did not wish. He saw that, and looked fiercely at Grantley Fitz austrey, whom ho fancied was more favoured than himself, for he was liding by tho aide o£ Evo, and sho did not dismiss him. Grantley returned his haughty, fiery glnncos with interest, and the prospect of a bitter quarrel between thorn ap peared to be very promising, although Grantley heeded the attentions of the colonel to Evo far lesa anxiously than he did those of Adrian Clifforde. Ho saw that she did not care a jot for tho colonel, if sho did not actually act as , if she disliked him ; but lie had too much reason to fear that Adrian Cliffordo had succeeded in winning her heart; and ho had already mentally sworn a terrible oath that ho would murder him rather than she should be his. lie had also resolved to seek him, and to.have au interview with him, in which he intended, by charges, menaces ? — by any intimidation to which ho could resort—to force him to marry Clarico Umfravillo ; and at tho same time to impress upon him with all the force of language he could command, that, under auy circum stances, Evo Mortmaine never could be hie. He detormiued not to heaitate to malign her purity, to traduce her— to cay, do anything which would in duco him to renounce all tho love he might havo ever entertained for her, and possibly thus precipitate him into a marriago with his cousin. Grantlpy was uneasy with tho desperato threats with which Clarico had menaced him, oiul he that ho must, without loss of time aid her in effecting a marriage with Adriau, or ill somo way get rid of her for ever, as sho was not, he had already a womrn to bo easily managed, or treated with indifference; but, on the contrary, was innatety corrupt as to be feared. These thoughts raced through his mind as ho rode on, and gave a troubled expression to his face, which Colonel Egremont noticed with anger, for ho believed it to bo a sign of mad pnsHiou for Eve. ' I will tako the earliest opportunity to sottlo hia pretensions for over,' ho thought, as he looked undor hie eyo lashcs at him, ' Fourteen paces or a horse-whip will sottlo him.' Tho attention of the countess at this moment was drawn to Eve. Sho had leaned suddenly forward to look after a horseman, who had passed them at a rapid pace, and who seemed to be urging his horse onward with an excited manner. It was Adrian Clifforde. Grautloy Fitzaustroy observed Evo'ssudden anxious look, and, follow iner it, recognised his rival. "No opportunity could bo more favourable to wring an appointment for him,' he muttered to himself. Ho bent over to Eve. ' I shall see you at dinner to-day, , ho said. He waved his hand to tho countess, and galloped after Adrian. Colonel Egroinont had watched his glance as it followed Evo's. Hβ saw upon whom it rested, and that he went in pursuit of him, with a knitted brow, as ono follows an enemy. A thought flashed across his mind that this incident was in some way connected with Evo, and he might be ablo to commend himself to her good opinion by taking action in itiu a way that would bo agreeablo to hor. He was as prompt to act as he was quick of thought, and taking a hasty leave of tho countess, and hor young and lovely companion, who had now his heart irrevocably iv her possession, he galloped after Grantley FiUaustrey. 1 Bid the coachman drive us home,' said Evo to the countess suddenly, in a strange tone, and with a perturbed look. 'I cannot onduro this whirl, this noise; it will drive mc mad.' ' Nonsense, child, it is lovely,' served the countess, gaily. ' I never enjoyed anything more. "Wo will con tinue our drive fur ' ? I will not!' exclaimed Eve, with a startling determination, which made tho countess's eyes expaud. ' But Sir Merle,' suggested tho countess, faintly. ' It is my will, not his, which governs my actions,' sho responded, ill the samo strange voice. Comply with my request, or I will quit the carriage. Tho countess, awed by her remark able manner, and yet more by the strange, flashing, lurid light darting from her eyes, without further hesita : tion desired the coachman to drive them home. "When Evo gained her chamber, she sank upo.n her chair, clasped hor hands, and raised her eyes upwards, as she muttered— ' The battle must be fought with Sir Merlo to-night. Ho shall never at j any timo control my mind or my will. That power now and for ever belongs to another. Let him cast mo forth in tho world as he has threatened —I will accept that fate rather than resign my right to lovo, to worship, to adore, Adriau—only Adriau !' (To he continued.) 