SPORTING NOTES. fJi.v Tarquin.] Those wlio backed the whole of (lie six winners at Tnttersall's Meeting last Satur day-and there were a few-deserved to be photographed, because it is a Jong time since public form was so upset. Commenc ing with the Trial Stakes, (jlaukopis met Ishmael on no less than 16 lb. better terms to what, she would have had to do had 111'. Hughes handicapped them after Chelten ham Park, and yet t|ie opposition she of fered to hini was, comparatively speaking, feeble. It is conceded that Ishmael was a genuine trier at the Port Adelaide fixture, and his easy victory last Saturday there fore can only be set down to his having im proved in the fortnight, coupled with the fact that the extra distance did not suit Mr. Cowan's filly. The former reason is the more likely to be correct, as his victory in the Spring Handicap testified. Certainly with two stone less to carry lie should not have paid such a big dividend in the six furlong event as £24 9s., and yet on the form he had shown in Adelaide one could lmrly have picked him out as likely to beat . Blue Blood, Item ice, and Co. Had Blue Blood not been interfered with by Trapper falling, the odds are that Ishmael would have been defeated, but at the same time it must not be forgotten that the Broken Hill gelding was just as badly placed on the top of the hill as the grey. Ishmael can boast of an aristocratic pedigree, and at 100 sovs. be should not prove a dear pur chase for Sir. Weatherall. Then take the Hurdle Race. Who could have backed Prairie Boy after his two dis plays at Cheltenham Park and Morphett ville? And yet his victory at Victoria Park was a very decisive one, and was pro claimed at least two furlongs from heme, llhodon cut up very badly. Barr said he had a rough passage in the early part of the contest, but even allowing for this he should not have been so signally defeated after going a mile and a half. Thaelca ringa's weak spot was found out before a . couple of miles, and a little further on , Maid of the !Mist, who had been showing . prominently in the van, cried enough. Zulu ( made a determined effort to catch Prairie ' Boy in the straight, but lie never got near enough to cause the (iui.sh to be interesting. Wirrawa -was another who. never really looked like a winner. Backers were evi dently strongly of the opinion that Trapper is better suited over a mile and a quarter than a mile, as, in spite of his failure over the shorter distance at the limit Club Meeting, they installed him first favourite for Ibe October Cup. Trapper, as at Morphett ville, was very slow in getting on to his legs, and for the first half-mile he was in the rear, but running along' the back . he made a rapid forward movement, and was placed among the leaders as the home iurn was entered. He laid behind Thunder King and Security till a furlong and a half from the Judge, when he supplanted them and from the distance the verdict was never in doubti. With his success and Isli niael's double victory Broken Hill scored heavily, while another from the Silver Dis . trict in Bide-a-wee ran second in the . Spring Handicap. I am told that Trapper . was very sore as the result of his fall in the last race. His trainer was sanguine that he would have finished in front o£ Bide-a-Wee, in spite of his penal by, had he . not met with his accident. % What an unlucky horse Thunder King is to be sure. Out of the last six races in which lie has started he has run sccond on three occasions, and third oil the other two. This must be something of a record. 4* * , three-vear-old I hnd also that he v>as nlaced four tiiues out of nine, running , fourth on two others, while as a. youngster he had to be content with second m°»?> in four events. Mr. James did not dis guise the fact that lie was somewhat disap pointedwith the way in which Princess.of Wales shaped. It certainly did not lead like. C'aulfield Cup form, .and t!>08e."w ^ fancy the mare on Saturday week \\\ ill b able' to get their own price »W her. Rirksaate was another "who should na%e done bettor as a candidate for Melbourne Cun honours. He, t6o, will be among the "any cdiis you like" division on Novembci , 1 Gnullo van well with all her weight, and could have been third had Hodgkuis chosen, bT Furore has evidently been ovcr-mted^ , j)nrkie: really had no claims for in the Steeplechase, as he ran badl> at JVloi , phettville last month in the Camden Steeplechase, in which the places were hlled bv Jack Sprat, Supple Jack, aud Evaiistoii. However, there was no mistaking Ins vic tor on Saturday. Pile took them along at *uch a bat that lie had nearly the whole of his opponents 111 hopeless trouble bef^e ilnf) (rone verv far, and when Supple Tack He/ to keep with Darkie from the i^t jun.p he founA the effort beyond mn. No one 011 the course grudged Mi. Mallen his win" ns tin's was' the first occasion on which Darkic lias scored 01 urn. On suburban courses in Victoria ue won several races, but when he came to Adelaide he failed, and met success at Petersburg, ^uia and lort An'msta where he was also tiled. i was ratTier surprised that Tarloeh did not pay a bigger dividend, but a smart gallop 011 the track at Morphettville accounted for this. She showed a hit of pace, cutting down Gipsy Hill handsomely, and stafhiigoftB'ic cdeueh comfortably. She being by Broken Hill compensated Mr. David .James some what for the failure of Sunny *JoT' Kaiinnila sportsman being gratified that the Australian Cup hero should b,®f" diteci with a winner so eaih n ins fiist year. Tarlocli was bred b> a ion Pi vie. .sportsman, who a,, so o\\\"^ ' out of Vivnco, the Mbr])Uett\iJIe rilics and also the dam of "Amei. It was bad luck for Mr. Murray and the supporters of Buccleugh that he ^owhl have got off the mark so slowly, as he was c nsic eralilv handicapped thereby. He was tini shi 1 ig strongly, but he «... d not give away what lie had lost at «.ie l)an . Tic would have paid a dividend of £52. " i^ok Aldrid°-e and a representative of a leading v£tori4 iournal, who went to secure some views of the farm and Car Ivon' Though Mr. Aldridge is now the host of the (iresham Hotel he tinds time to also ?ook Vfter his estate at Richmond, and U,t STJmf l« inw >« »»< 10 ~T li'isiii'-ss with pleasure. As ma> ye imagined, the paddocks this J^ah ' ami C\'iie mares are looking at their host The first we intercepted wi» eldRivalry, who was tending a. 1 1 ,.,,n hv ('arlvoi>, whom she visited .i^iin Tubeross, who missed to Thunderbolt S scas'm. is in foal to Carlyon, but she 11 I'rnliiblv be given a spell this yeai. M Aldridge savs^she is better now than lie ifas ever been before. Sylvan Queen , fs represented by a taking chestnut to Carl- , ton and Thorn has charge 01 a health> colt ? W "lookiS^ar a '''second time? espe cially the latter, and Flunohne s youngster, Ul.c j.ailiiocks, lnviw been 'll' J' ^ p stationed at Richmond L'aik. me well-known mare y!.va,^WF *W ^Allen^ias a no t h er D i 1 k Hanimerhamt. There are half a dozen readings - three arep ? mid Mr. Aldridge proposes to oilei then in Adelaide next aucuinn, instead of send ing'them tp Melbourne. A strapping biown from Brown Alice takes the eye, but the brother to Carlton may be preferred hi manv, while the colt from 1' lanohne m also plenty to leconiniend him. Oi the iiliics, the brown from Euduiance is stout and well built, while tilie young lady from Water Lilv is sure tfl gallop. Ibora has^a taking bay to represent 41,®.8,fijjj2 make a name for herself, *\ ltn the nuies was running the two-year-old Sylvama, who is to be turned out for a long spell. The Victorian Si>inng Carnival v.l!1 inaugurated at C'aultield on ^aturday. lbe nroeeedings will be opeiie'l with the tan! Field Stafe in which The Grafter and The CJiief both have 5 11). penalties. It is hard to pick the starters, but wth a viui the \iair nientionetl, Ceorge l redeuck Picture, aud CUuioti look like falling the lilaces. and they may run GEORGE FREDERICK \ THE (1 RAFTER .. .. 2 riCTCRK , 3 In the Hurdle Race the top weights.have been well taken care of, aad the winner imv be looked for lower down. A very dangerous pair are Bell Metal audChve on the 10 st. mark, and one of the trio may fbe credited witii the stake. The oflicial . verdict may be BFWj METAL.. \ (LIVE .v { HOMESPUN 6 The Guineas follows-Bobadil has t^o put uo a 7-lb. penalty, but this will not stop lum He mav have most to fear from Cor dite and Holster, while Cocos, lfin^ the humour, may require beatiiig. Hainaul v as withdrawn vesterday, his owner and Qiiinn evidently not thinking while to pay up for bun to chase Bobad 1. The places may be nliea o> BOBADIL I CORDITE .. .. .. .. .- .. *? i TnU^SS^1epleehase 'Ti-emolo will find supptn-t in spite of his thumping impost of 13'st.-12 1b: I think, however; the winner Will couie front BOST13DO or NILUS.. : In ? trying to pick J>he winner of the De-' butant StalieB, one is in the dark owing to th^re having. been only one two-year-old race previously decided in Victoria,. Howi ever, from track form and what, one can learn _ from private sources I shall try to hit tiie mark with . . LISSADURN or CORINTHEA 1 ALKIE MOSTYN .. 2 . ROCK OF AGES 3 South Australia will be represented in the Toorak Handicap by Staffa, who has do,lie capitally since his arrival, at Caul field, and who will probably have the ser vice* of- It. Lewis. The race is very open, but I have a liking for CONTRAST or ALEMENE .. 1 , STAFFA 2 v PATRIOT 3 Mr. Bertie Barr Smith sent Silverthorn over to. Melbourne. on Thursday. morning in charge of J. McGowan to fulfil his en gagement in the Australian Hunters' Cup, to be run at Caulfield on Wednesday nest. Silverthorn will be ridden by Mr. T. McFie, who leaves for Melbourne on Saturday. Mr. James's horses Eleusinian, Princess of Wales,'and Sunny Morn were also sent to.-Melbourne on -Thursday morning. J. Hill, their trainer, was a passenger by the express in the afternoon. The trio will, as heretofore, be located at Flemington, but. ?Princess of Wales will first be taken to Caulfield in view of her engagement in the Oauliield Cup. Hill is not disheartened by the form recently shown by the Princess, ,and though lie lias got a big contract on he thinks his team will not disgrace them I('inal payments for the Caulfield Cup are due on Monday next.. On the same day owners can escape further liability in the Maribyrnong Plate on the payment of The £75 donated by. the S.A.J.C. Committee from the Distressed and Dis abled Jockeys' Fund to the widow of the late D. Bowes has been handed over to her. It will no doubt be a ma iter ior sur prise to sporting men and others to learn that the Victorian jockey C. Power, who broke his left when Warsloop fell in the Onkaparinga Hills Railway Stakes last Easter Monday, is still in the Adelaide Hospital. 1 understand that the \ .R.C. Committee have subscribed £2 per week to tire wife of Power from the time of his accident, and recently Mr. Byron Moore, the Secretary of that club, lias been niffking enquiries as to Power's condition, and when he is likely to leave the insti tution. Power was admitted into the Hospital on April 11, his leg having been set first by the Onkaparinga Racing Club s surgeon, and lie left again on May 25. It was subsequently ascertained that the bone had not "knitted," and the jockey was compelled to return again to the North-terrace institution on June 25, and there he has been ever since. It is said that Power's physical state militates against his recovery, his constitution hav ing been weakened by wasting, but he is now progressing as favourably as can be expected. If he does not improve it is more than likely that his leg will have to lie amputated below the knee. In addi tion to the money subscribed by the V.R.C., the S.A.J.C. and the Onkapuringa Racing Club-have donated £15 aiid"'£10 ?respectively to Power. The steeplechaser Stockings ran his last race on. Saturday. He fell heavily at the second of the treble in front of the Grand Stand at Victoria Park, and, breaking his arm, had to be destroyed. He was an aged gelding, .by Hamlet's Ghost from MissTwist, and among other races which lie won was the Steeplechase, of three miles, at the A.R.C. Birthday Meeting last year. He also ran third iii the Grand National Steeplechase won by The Trojan, aiid second to Happy Jack iii the same event last August. Tlie "amount invested-in the totalizator at TattersaH's Meeting on Saturday was £iV,SU0, as compared with £6,189 10s. put through at the same meeting last year. Several healthy totalizator dividends were again recorded at Tatter,sail s Meet ing on Saturday, lshmael, who won the double-the Trial Stakes and Spring Han dicap-pak' £24 9s. for a sovereign in the latter event, while the dividend^ on Darkle in tiie- Steeplechase was £11 6s., and on Prairie Bov in the Hurdle llace £10 3s. Bobadil s victory in the October Slakes at Flemington on Saturday was a very de cisive one, and the Derby reads a bigger mora') tlia'.i ever for liim. Notwithstanding that iie eariied a 7-lb. penalty he won with even greater ease than he did at Caulfield, George Frederick again running second to him. Unless Cordite can divide them it looks -very much, therefore, as though George Frederick will follow Bobadil home in the Y.K.C. Blue. Riband. The well-known hurdleracer llirundo fell in the Hurdle Race at Flemington on Saturday, and breaking his leg had to be destroyed. He was by Brandon from Little 'Slary. 'ihe first two-year-old race of the season in S ictoria was'run on Saturday and won by Lady Lillian, who claims the relationship of full sister to Quinn's mare The Dream. Lady Lillian is by Malua from Naga, by King of the Gipsies from lihea, by King of the Ring from Noma, by Conrad (2) from Thalia (imp.I, by Brocket. She is engaged in the .Debutant Stakes, in which she will have to carry a 10-lb. penalty, and in the Maribyrnong Plate. Devoted, who unexpectedly cropped up on Saturday iu the v.R.C. Stand Handi cap. is engaged in the. Caulfield Cup with 7 st. 5 lb. He is a five-year-old gelding by Splendor from Devotion, and his starting price at Flemington was 16 to 1. The Albury correspondent of the "Age" telegraphed on Friday night as follows: - "What might have proved a serious acci dent), involving loss of valuable racehorses, occurred at an early hour this morning at the Albury Railway Station. Duggan's and Earnahaw's horses, which had been spelled here last night, had been placed in the horse-box on the Victorian rails, and when the boy, which was one of eight wheels, was being drawn out of the dock to be attached to the train the vehicle was crossing points. It became derailed, and before the engine was stopped the box, which weighed 19 tons, was drawn for 30 yards, the wheels tearing up the permanent] way and jolting the horses about to an alarming extent, and jUst missing collision with the guard s van of the train. Had the box been of ordinary size it must have overturned and the horses maimed or killed. The occupants of the box were Ambewte, Cravat, Kirry, Pehs sier, Stand Off, Superb, Capador, Rowdy, and Blair. Duggan states that it was a three-inch shave for the horses. Amberitc became very fractious, and Kirry got his forelegs over the manger, but was extri cated from tihe position without being hurt. The official statement as to the cause of the accident is that only the bolts on the connections of the points broke. The horses had to remain in tjhe boxes for six hours until the vehicle was replaced on the rails. Duggan and Eamshaw applied for a special train, but liad to wait until this afternoon, . when they went- on by- the afternoon mail. The derailed box was strained oadlv, and the Vicfprian Inspector would not allow it to procced." HtH left for Melbourne on Wednesday with Eleusinian, Princess 'of" Wales, and Sunny Morn. . . .. - ' ' ?? ? . ' " Jshmael was sold to. Mr. »J. Weatherall on Saturday before the Spring Handicap,' delivery-being taken after the race." _ Merloolas and Cordite, were amongst the horses scratched for the Caulfield Cup on Monday. Hear Hear has also gone out.. _ The programme for the Spring Meeting of.the Gawler Jockey Club, to be held on Monday, November 14, has been adver tised in "The" Register." There _ are half a dozen events, the Prince oi n ales Handicap being worth 100 sovs. In _ the principal races third money is to be given.. The nominations are due on October 18. IT. Ban-, who is to ride Maurice Griffin's horses in Victoria during tiie forthcoming Spring Meetings, left for Melbourne . on MdiMay afternoon. A meeting of the members' of- the Ade laide Hunt Club was held at the Gresham Hotel on Monday afternoon, when the stakes won at the recent race fixture were presented. The Master, Mr. J. T. Love, who presided, said that the club at the end of last year had a credit balance of £450. .The profit on the late race meeting amounted to £470, and the expenses in curred in connection with the hounds to £220, leaving a credit balance at the end of the year of £700. That he considered very satisfactory. Mr. S. S. Ralli had kindly presented the club with four or ffve young houuds, which, with a little training, would be a great acquisition to the pack. He tlianked tliem all for the kindness they had shown to him as Master during tile season. He was pleased that there had not been, any serious accidents to report. Mr. E. G.' 'Blackmore mentioned that Mr. W. B.: Rounfeeveil had presented to the club a stud foxhound, which was as fine a dog as those} "got from the Duke of GraftonV kennels; some years ago. The>>had had available for. hunting ^during the season seventeen houuds. There were also seven hounds which had not taken kindly to the drag, though of an a»e to hunt, and they had con sequently not been persevered with. Then they had seven hounds for stud purposes, and eleven young dogs which would be about twenty-one months old next season, and therefore fit to hunt. In addition they had thirt.v-four pups of the best blood. On the suggestion of the Master it was de cided to give the committee power to ex tend the permanent fences. A discussion ensued in reference to the next Point-to point Steeplechase, and eventually it was aj;roecl tliat the event should take place about the middle of the season and that -the length of it should be five miles instead of four. It was further resolved that tjie course should be flagged, and that the selection of the run should be left to the , Drag Committee." On the motion of Mr. A. J. Barker, seconded by Mr. E. G. Black more, bonuses were voted to the Huntsman and the dragboy, the amounts being left with the committee to grant. It was re solved that the Point-to-point Steeplechase j should not connt as a qualification. Mr. R. II. Crawford proposed that an hono rarium of twenty-five guineas be voted to the lion. Secretary, Mr. J. Moorhouse, who had discharged the duties of the office for the past twelve or thirteen years. Last year Mr. Moorhouse declined to receive more than twenty guineas, and of this he paid ten guineas back to the club in sub scriptions. Ml'. F. H. Downer seconded. Canied. Mr. Moorhouse suitably replied. The trophies in connection with the Hunt and Drag Cups and the Maiden Hunters Steeplechase were then presented to Messrs. Bertie Ban- Smith, C. Bray, and Donaldson, and at the invitation of those gentlemen champagne was provided. Mr. Smiths, health was proposed by Mr. Blackmore, who expressed'his pleasure at seeing a new comer in the field score so well on the first occasion. Mr. Smith, in reply, said, the past season was the best they had ever had witih the hounds. He congratulated the Master, Mr. Love, on the successful year, and expressed a hope that the next would be as prosperous. The healths of Messrs. Brav and Donaldson were honoured at the instance ot the Master, and acknowledged, Mr. Donaldson giving "The Landowners. Mr. A. J. Barker proposed "1 lie Losers, to which Mr. F. Donagh.v and Air. K Or. Bhukmore replied. In asking the company to drink to the health of the Master Mr. Blackmore congratulated Mr. Love on the success he had achieved during the nrst year he hud held the important ofhee. lie hoped he would till it for some years to eonie. « "Goodwood," in Mondays Argus^ re ferring to the racing at Flemington on Satur day, writes:-"There was nothing uncertain about the way Bobadil beat his field in the October Stakes on Saturday. He won the Narre Warren Stakes the previous week in good style, but on Saturday his victory ovor George Frederick and Co. was even more pronounced. As a matter of fact nothing could make him gallop in the last couple of furlongs. He won well in hand, with George Frederick struggling on (gamely, it must be admitted) in a vain attempt to make an impression on hitn. Mr. G-ray s colt, it is said, was galloped on in the race, but under any circumstances the result would have been the same. In a word, Bobadil is immeasurably his superior (at prosent. at any rate), and on paper the Derby looks a certainty for the St. Albans colt. George Frederick is probably the second best of the year and with the two colts it looks like being a case of Grand Flaneur and Progress over again. With Bobadil out of the way George Frederick would now have been regarded as a great colt. Cooos was also galloped on in the course of the race, and out about the hocks. Catspaw shaped best of the older horses. Ho ran George Frederick to a head, and there can be no doubt that he will shape well in the Caulfield Cup. He is improving every day. Amongst the horses figuring in the race was the Padlock ohestnut Rosebery, who showed plenty of pace, but is not yot ready. He is built on much heavier lines than the majority of the horses by Padlock, who himself is not a big horse." . The first two-year old "race of the season in Victoria brought out a field of. twenty-two, but Several of tho runners were not quite fit. One of the most forward >vas certainly the daulfiold-tmined Lady Lilian. She is a small filly but looks as sharp as a needle, and she | came home in front of her field in great style. The Maluas usually come early, and Lady Lilian certainly possesses the family knack of galloping fast. Badge, in Tom Paytens stable, who ran second, also looks smart. There were several good-looking ones amongst i those running. Ono of the most taking in appearance was Oaralbi, but he showed no form. Promontory and Hurrah, who finished up well, are both nice youngsters. A number of those that ran are in next Saturday e Debu tant Stakes, which this year looks like being an interesting" race. I«ady Lilian lias incurred a 10-lb. penalty. With the luxurious weight of < st. o lb. Devoted mav be expected to run well in the Caulfield Cup. He was handicapped as a non-stayer, but the way he finished at the end of the mile-aud-a-quarter Stand Handi cap at riemmgton on Saturday shows him to be something more than a mere sprinter. Carrying 8 st. he won with the greatest ease, beating: -ft few good horses, the majority of whom he will meet on much better terms. Bunyan, who ran second, will meet Devoted on exaotly the satne relative terms at Caulfield, Devoted is trained by E. Foun tain, who certftinly has got ?'?him-very fii. Judging by his form for sbmt time previous 'to Saturday, however, the gelding doesnol apj»earto bi too reliable. Mi«obief7 who rwn -third, is looking well; but Marusa will prob ably benefit by a few more gallop*. Ha shaped fairly well on Saturday, but Spenoer. who .was well up in the betting quotations, out up badly, and Trent and Manfred again ran like commoners. The arrival is reported at Caulfield of Djin< Djin, Watercolour, and Comboyne. _ fiobadil ran his last half-mile on Saturday in 51J sec., the last six furlongs in 1 min. 17j \- see., and the last mile in 1 min. 42J seo. . At the Mount Gambier races on Wednes day, Little Harry, winner of the Trial Stalcea, paid the healthy dividend of £28 18s. for 5B. investments-there must have been very few of th-sm. ? UZ ha% been nominated for the Jumpers' Flat Race, to be run at Sandown Park next Tuesday. Evanston is engaged in the Steeple chase on the same day. The Melbourne) correspondent of "This Observer" telegraphed on Wednesday:-"A private cablegram was received from London to-day stating that Merman is being backed at 8 to 1 for the Cesarewitch Stakes, to be run on Wednesday next." \- Among the entrieB for the Sandown Park Handicap, of one mile, fixedfor Tuesday, October 11, appears the name of Hainault. Once More is eligible to run in the River side Plate and Purse, of five furlongs and» quarter, at the .Maribvrnong Meeting, oa Friday, October 14. " _ \ . It is 'said that Hymettus and Massitiissa would both have started in the Spring Handi cap. last Saturday, but for the fact that they would have incurred a penalty had they won. They were -oh the course, and were only scratched at the last moment. A tw6-year-'oId colt by Malua from Silver mine is to be trained by J. Lynch at Fleming ton. ? 