TURF NOTES. (By Atlas.) Nominations are due with the secretary, Mr. C. H. Macauley, by Saturday. 15th January, for the following events to be run at the Benalla Eace Club's summer meetinar, which, will be held on Anniversary Day, 26th January : — Flying Handicap of £15, six fur longs ; Handicap Hurdle Race, £18, one uiile ard five furlongs ; Anniversary Handi c'ab. £20. about nine furlohes : Farewell Handicap, £15, five furlongs. Entries for Trial Stakes (£10) and Trot (£5) close Mon day, 24th January. In view of the fact that no other race meetings are held in the Border districts on this date, it is safe to predict that the club will be favored with a long list of nominations. Another reasoa why I anticipate a large entry is that there is a, very long list of horses in training; that have been running at the various meetings in. the immediate neighborhood during. the Christmas racing season. Races will be held at Shannonvale (near Corowa) on Wednesday, 2nd 1 ebruary. Pull particulars are advertised in another column. ? Entries will be received by the hon. sec, Mr. Shelly Smith, on 25th January for the Shannonvale Handicap of £12, Publicans' Purse £4, and Flying Handicap £7. Weights 1st February. Mr. W. B. Dakin will be entrusted with the handicapping. ..The Tabletop gelding Miller, who — as ? pretty nearly every person interested in racing knows by this time — is by Glorious from Flat Iron's dam (Gridiron), hna won three out of the four hurdle races in which he has started. Miller is not a bad horse, but I do not think he would succeed in good company were he to be burdened with much weight. To my idea the Glorious gelding is too lightly built for weight-carrying. The horse is in rare form just now, and great credit is due to Mr. F. J . Mitchell and his assistant (A. M'Laughlin) for the excellent condition in which they have landed Miller at the post in all his jumping races. For the Jinsrellic Race Club's meeting, to be hold on 21st' January, owners and trainers will be required to send in nominations for the Jingellic and Flying Handicaps not later lhan to-morrow, 8th inst. All particulars relative to the meeting can be obtained from the secretary, Mr. J. E. Johnson. Owners of two and three year- olds en gaged in the Benalla Excelsior Plate, to be run at the Benalla Race Club's annual meet- j ing on 6th April, may be reminded that they will be subjected to no further liability for their youngsters if struck out by 8 p.m. 12th January. If not then struck out a further payment of 10s. each b«eoines due. If left in after 23rd March at 8 p.m. a further pay ment of 1 sov. each becomes due with the secretary, Mr. Chas. H. Macauley. Barrister, who ran second tor the Hurdle Race at Bethanga, will in future be trained .'by Jim Kelly at Albury. Barrister is a grey horse by Dunkeld. A paragraph copied from a Melbourne daily newspaper of 29rh December has bean ?'?:. going the rounds of the country papers to . the effect ' that the brown gelding Drover j (by Waterford — Dolly Varden), who was in jured in a hurdle race at Moonee Valley in November, had been destroyed a few days previously.' It must have been the horse's ghost. Drover was, on the recommendation of Mr. W. Allen, destroyed a week after the accident. Le Master, by Newmaster from Letitia, has been added to the list of geldings. The operation was performed by Mr. J. A Ken nedy, of Albury, who is an expert amongst horse stock. Mr. R. J. Mitchell, of Wagga, has been appointed by the Tumbaruinba Race Club to handicap the horses for the principal events to be run at the annual races on 2Cth January. ' At the Gundagai picnic races on Boxing Day, the Trial Stakes was won by The Rule, Miuers' Purse by Miss Mercury, the Handi cap Hack Race b}' Barmaid ; Baylock (9.0) secured first place in the Boxing Day Handi cap, Ada Bird (7.6) being second, and Led Astray (8.6) third. The Final Handicap fell to Barmaid. The whole of the seven races on the programme were won by horses carrying No. 13 Baddle cloth. A large contingent of Albury residents journeyed ly train fco the nicely situate-l mountain township of Beech worth on New Year's Day. Leaving Albury by the 7.10 a.m. Sydney-Melbourne express for Wun garatta, where a special train was in readiness to carry the passengers to Beech worth, we arrived in good time for lunch prior to j making our way to the racecourse, where most of the visitors put in the afternoon. The local race club have made many itnprove j ments on the course during the year, a new j grand stand forming one of the principal ad ditions. This is a very aaudseme structure, but 1 heard many complaints made that the horsea were obscured from view for some distance from the top of the rise on the left; of the stand until they were near the win-1 ning post in consequence of the height of the trees on that side of the grandstand. Pos sibly this defect could be remedied to a cer tain extent by having the trees topped. The saddling puddock fence, which is constructed of 7ft. galvanised iron, also met with dis approval from the betting public, who com plain that they cannot now see the horses doing their preliminary work after they have finished their business witn the bookmakera. To my thinking a low fence would be more convenient, especially in view of the fact that much inconvenience is caused at the gate just beforearaceisstarted through the peopleinside rushing to get outside to see the start, block ing each other to such an extent that the race is nearly finished before many are able to get out. Perhaps these defects will be remedied in tha course of time. Racing commenced with the Trial Stakes, for which Tubella, No Name, and Lady Cameron received most support. Lady Cameron, a nice filly by Lochiel, ran un kindly, and the finish was left to Glenavon, Bundure Lass, and No Name. The former, who is a brswn horse by Glenmarkie from Nada, winning comfortably in the end. A field of five faced the starter for the Pony Handicap. May was made favorite 'at the opening of the betting; but a commis sion appears to have been executed in favor of Merry Girl, as she advanced to the position of favorite, *md Theorem meeting with a good support, May was sent back to 4 to 1. At the start May led off, followed by Merry Girl and Wild Rose, Theorem getting away fully 50 yards behind the others. At the top of the hili May was still in the lead, but before the turn for home was reached Theorem came with an extraordinary run, and in. the straight-came right away from May and Merry Girl, winning by a dozen lengths. Tho time occupied in getting over the five furlongs — lmin. oAsec. — is very good. For the New Tear's Handicap the starters numbered five, and Devotion and Rosa met with considerable support, ? starting: about equal in the betting. The race ended in a great struggle between the pair, the Wagga mare winning by a head from Mr. Patou's mare, with Tubella third. There were seyen starters for the Hurdle Race, Miller was picked out by backers at the opening of the betting; and started a firm favorite, Armada, Little Jimmy, and My Folly were the best supported of the others, whilst Gold Top and Huntsman were backed for small sums. After half a furlong Jack Cox took the favorite to the front and he led Armada up the hill by three or four lengths. On the hill the little mare made an effort to catch Miller, but Cox, keeping the Glorious eelding going at a sound pace, came away in the straight and won by four or five lengths. For the Town Plale baokprs ngain made Devotion favorite, Rise having to put up 71b. penalty bringing her weiiiht to 8.5 The favorite was not taken to --he front in this race, as was the case in the New Year's Handicap. Tubella. Roso and Nan sen doing most of the running until near the turn to the straight, when Wheeler brought the favorite to the leaders. Wl;en the horses had turned for home Devotion had the rest of the field beaten, and Wheeler finishing vigorously on the mare won com fortably from the un'ucky Ninsen, who has been placed second eight or nine times within the past 12 m'.nr.hs. L'idy Cameron, Erl Queen, and Rotnem cams home in the order written in th' Book makers' Purs», and Armada wound up die meeting by defeating No Name after a great contest in tho Forced Handicap. . After this race a rush {was made for the train, which was in readiness to convey the visitors to Wangaratta, where we caught the express for Sydney, and arrived in Albury before 10 p.m. Fred Williams, who had the mount on the Tabletop gelding Nansen in the New Year's Day Handicap at Beeohworth, ,had a miracu lous escape from serious, if not fatal, injury. In going down the dip just after the start the horse appears to have overpowered his rider, and in some way threw the lad out of the saddle. Williams, who held on to the reins, was dragged under the horse's front feet, and received a knock with the animal's hoof on the forehead and lefo eye. The eye was severely injured, and the lad's forehead wa3 also much bruised. Fortunately no serious results are anticipated. At Beechworth racea on New Year's Day, Lady Cameron, who ran unsuccessfully in the juvenile races at tho Wagga spring meet ing, carried oft' the Bookmakers' Purse. The filly has always ran unkindly, but with con stant racing she will no doubt mend her ways. She is a fine strapping brown filly, and is trained by 'Bob' Hoyated at Wagga. If her looks can be taken for anything, she should win many racea whon she becomes more seasoned. Partheuopieus, who has again changed hands, was shipped to Singapore on Wed nesday by the s.s. Bucephalus. Tin TattereaU'B Cup winner, Old Clo' (by Lochiel — Tatters) is reported tc have betrn purchased by Mr. H. C. White. Tho report further states that the m^re will ba taken to England and raced, and afterwards return to the Havilah Srud. The price paid for Old Clo' is said to be 500 guineas. A h the West Australian Turf Club's annual meeting held on Monday the principal event, the Perth Cup, of 750 sovs., two miles, resulted as under : — J. G. Arthur's Le Var. by Lochiel— La Valetta, 9.7 (Bolger), 1 ; J. T. M'Pherson's Onslow, 8.0 (Walker), 2; G. A.'Towton's Tarquin, 8.0 (Cox), 3; G. W. Gray's Trentham, 9.4 (Redfearn), 4. Sixteou ran. Le Var was favorite, and won easily by two lengths. Time, 3min. 38 3-5sec. Mr. J. E. Brewer has returned the dis appointing Rosella to her owner, Mr. W. Lanir. Mr. W. A. Long's Sweet Alice annexed the Lady Hampden Stakes at Randwick on Saturday, cutting out the six furlongs in the smart time of lmin. 14-isec. Sweet Alice is by Niagara from La Belle, dam of the once brilliant Marvel. The victories gained by Loch Marie (winner of the VilliPrs Stakes and Carrington Stakes) and by other soub and daughters of the Prince Charlie horse so far, should go a long way towards placing Lochiel high up on the winning sires' list when the season closes. The Standish Handicap winner. Embra sure, who was little fancied by backers, is a member of the Musket family. He is a chestnut horse, four years old, by Enfilade from Haidee of the Hills- (bv Talk o' the Hills). His form in the past has been very moderate, and he started at 25 to 1 en Satur day, defeating Ayrshire (10.1) by a length and a half in the good time (for Flemington) of .lmin. 18sec. Embrasure was sold aa a yearling for 27£ guineas. Another young Pilgrim's Progress was successful on Saturday, the Criterion Handi cap, for two-year-olds, run at Flemins'ton, falling to Diffidence, a bay filly from Etra weenie. Diffidence won by 10 lengths, carving out the five furlongs in lmin. 2sec. The Terang Cup, run on Monday, was won by J. N. M 'Arthur's chestnut mare Table Talk, by Gang Forward— Small Talk. The Trial Stakes fell to Affleck and Whitehead's John , Bunyan, by Pilgrim's Progress — Picture. On Saturday last the Northern (N.Z.) Derby was run with the following result : ?- St. Crispin 1, Gold Medallist 2, Favona 3. Won by two lengths ; time, 2min, 43ssc. The places in the Auckland Racing- Club Handicap were filled by St. Paul, Waiuku, and Swordfiih. The mile and a half occupy ing 2niin. 38sec. The Oudeis gelding. Alarm Me, is now in the hands of W. Miller, at Rosehill. The chestnut, is said to have lost all the good condition which he had when takeu to Sydney three weeks ago. Alarm Me has always been a fretful horse when taken away from home, and this fact probably accounts for his losing condition. He is at present turned out in a small paddock, and when he becomes more acquainted with his nsw quarters will be put into active work. Old Clo', who won Sydney Tattersall's Cup on Monday, is by Lochiel from Tatters, by Robinson Crusoe from Ragpicker, by Fisher man from Juliet (dam of Chryolite, Sylvia, The Ho'k, &c.;) by Touchstone. Cherry, winner of the New Year's Gift, andDudding aton, who scored in the Wolter Handicap, are also by Lochiel. Mr. T. F. Wigley's Supposition, by Dun lop — Conjecture, annexed a double (Hurdle Race and Jumpers' Flat Race) at the South Australian Jockey Club summer meeting on Monday. Mr. W. Goodfellow's Hear Hear, by Richmond — Encore, with James Gough as pilot, won the New Year's Gift Handicap of 200 sovs., one mile and a quarter. Mr. J. Crozier's Sparta (by Thunderbolt — Leda) carried 9-12 to victory m the Two-year-old Handicap. The five furlongs were got over j in the smart time of lmin. 2aec. Mr. Cro- I zier also won the Marino Handicap with j B'codsfone, by the Chester horse Carlyon. Gold Medallist won the Royal Stakes on i the third day of the Auckland Racing Club's : summer mooting, defeating the Derby winner Sb. Crispin, and running the six furlongs in lmin. 16sec. * The races at Gunbar rosulted as under : — Maiden Plate. — L. Holmes's Revelry. Fly ing Handicap. — C. Ledwidge's Alannah, 1 ; L. Holmes's Woodlands 2 ; E. Terry's Haw thorn, 3. Hurdle Race. — T. Curtis's Perse verance, 1 ; E. Robertson's Dinnie Moonie,' 2 ; A. Rose's The Rake, 3. Gunbar Handi cap. — L. Holmes's Jubilee, 1 ; Hawthorn, 2 ; Alannah, 3. Forced Handicap. — L. Holmes' Woodlands, 1 ; E. Robertson's Gentle Annie, 2\. Only the two ran. At the Whitton Christmas races several of the events were productive of close finishes, most of the races being contested by fields of eight or nine horses. The lending events re sulted as follows : — Trial Stakes, six furlongs \--D. R. M'Leod's Wallace, 8.12, 1 ; W. J. Braddoa's Bay Rose, 8.9, 2 ; 0. G. Telford's Empress, 8.10, 3. Won by half a length ; time, lmin. 19|sec. Hurdle Race, two miles \ — W. L. Warby's Rhodanthe, 9.7, 1 ; O. G. Teltord's Empress, 9.10, 2; W. J. Cu;n mings'a Dillon, 9.12, 3. Dillon made the pace from the start, and at one time had a lead of 30 lengths. After goinsr about a mile and a half the field closed on Dillon, who fell back, and a great race between Rho danthe (ridden by Burrows) and Empress re sulted in a length win for the former. Whit ton A.T.O. Handicap, one mile and a quarter — D. R. M'Leod's Wallace, 7.5, 1 ; W. J. Braddon's Archie Lee, 9.5, 2; C. Houin's Deformed, 8.10, 3. Won by [ a head after a brilliant finish. Hack Race. — Hoysted's Winnock Bunker, 1 ; Stewart's Conqueror, 2 ; Anderson's Kelly, 3. Flying Handicap. — W. J. Cunnnings' Suhshower, 9.3, 1 ; T. Stanyer's Dunlin, 8.5, 2; O. Houin's Deformed, 9.0, 3. The Hack. Race was won by D. R. M:Leod's Madge, with W. J. Braddon's Bay Rose second, Hoysted's Winnock Bunker third. W. J. Braddon'a Archie Lee was home first in tho Forced Handicap, Hoysted's Dice being second, and Cuminings' Dillon third. The annual races recently held at Booligat appear to have been an unqualified success. The attendance numbered about 250, and the racing was of a good order. The principal events resulted as under : — First Day.— rTrial Stakes — H. Biggar's Starlight, 1 ; Guinea, . 2 ; Title, 3. Jubilee Handicap — J. Reevea's Bold Boy, 9.0, 1 ; J. Quinn's Llewellyn, 7.12, 2; E. Terry's Hawthorn, 8.0, 3. Federal Handicap J. Quinn's Llewellyn, 7.12.1; Hawthorn, 8.0, 2; Bold Boy, 9.7, 3\. Second Day. — Flying Handicap — J. Eeeves's Bold Boy, 9.9, 1; L. Holmes'* ' Woodland*, 9.7, 2. Fine race ; won by half a head. Town Plate — Forbes's Separation, 7-10, 1; Woodlands, 9.5, 2; Starlight, 9.0, 3\. Booligal Handicap — Hawthorn, 7.12, 1 ; Jubilee, 10.0, 2 ; L'ewellyn, 7.10, 3. Fare well Handicap — Woodlands', 9.10, 1 : Sepa ration, 7.10, 2 ; Sir Garnet, 8.0, 3. 'Wood- lands won by half a head. 