Short Story. The Spawn of Fortune. (Concluded.) lixe stranger ihad started to Ills feet, Ihlseyea greait and full of fire, ibis hands clinched above (his head. Whirling (round and facing Arthur Brackenbridge ho demanded : ' Why would vou kill vonrself ?' 'I have loatmiy fortune, and ? ' ' Wtat is Uhat ? You talk of cowards! I thougiht you .valiamlt, you thought yourself so'! Baih. ! w!hy .waste good ? powder and ball. You fear to live be cause, perchance, your circumstances may not be quite so pleasant as for merly. Sordid coward.' ' It's not altogether ia matter of money,' faltered the young man. The stranger kept ihia eyes fixed upon (him. ?' There's a warrant ? ' ' Tthen you are a criminal T' 'No, I am not.' '?Why *ie waraiant ?' 'My partner ihas landed us both In. . fraudulent ?bantoruptcy ? ' \- ' Are you Innocent ?' ' Absolutely.' 'And you fear 1' 'Well, there Is as much, shame as . fear ? ' ' You ore vain as well as a coward.' ' To be the principal in a criminal Itrlal Is no pleasant experience ; at least, bo I gather from ithe newspapers.' The iheavy man sat down again and gazed at Brackenbridge contemptu ously. ' Young auan, wflia't ti craven you would have me 'believe you. Your Cowardice ;is so great tlia't you are will Ing to stamp yourself guilty by self murder rather than face your necuteers and confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill youuself. I should Wave thought you ?would liave implored some one to come ?with you while you 'took the leap In the dark. Why were you given yowfli, strength, 'heaMi, good strong arms and sound lieart if they were not intended to overcome obsta'cles ? Think ! would it not 'be greater far 'to step out before the world and say/Here am I, an (honest man ; where are jay accusers ?' rather than to lie on the floor of a railway car riage 'Wifli a 'wreath of powder-smoke for a crown ?!' ' Yes, tout you see, my dear sir, to- day ' there lias 'been a focussing of all that is unfortunate for me. My whole fortune is gone ; the fact rtlhat it nas l-een lost cause's the police to ' want' me, and tlie fact that the police ' 'want1 me Was lost me— 'well ? ' ' Out -with It ! Lost you what ?' ' Arthur Braeken'bridge did not intend to say unore, but the stranger's com manding gaze a'nd imperaitive question left him 'powerless ?to resist. At every Btation lie prayed that some one would enter the compartment, flout the Under ground is a contrary line. No one dis turbed ffliem. ' Wliait else 'have you lost?' demanded the lieavy man ?' 'Well, to 'out with It' as you ask— the girl to ?whom H am engaged— or was.' Tho stranger threw back his 'head and burst into a flood of laughter ?wherein iMiere was no ghost of a 'trace of mirth. BrackeribrMge felt indignant at the sarcastic levity ot 'his new found comijataut, but said nothing. . ?' ' Girl,' the -heavy man shouted. 'Fine gii'l; ilndeed, that will break her promise because you've lost a pound. ? She gave you her word and now tells you to your face 'th'alt she will not keep It.' irSh~e has not. I tell you she— ehe ? ' 'But you have just Dhis minute said ? sTie told you to go about your busi ness — -'.' 'I said nothing of- tine 'sort.' ? 'Then -how know you that you have lost 'her V .Brackenbridge was silent. 'Left us lie honest, one to the other. Answer ane : How knew you ?' ' Her guardian, her aunt, told one.' '.My young friend, take the advice of one who 'has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a woma-n— never. Give me fhat . revolver you have in your breast pocket.' The revolver was /weakly passed over. 'Now we are coming to Earl's Court Station. Get out ; he a man ; walk up to 'Hue first policeman you meet— or, bet ter istill, 'hail a hansom, and tell caUby ' to drive to 'the nearest police station. Say to the inspector, ' I hear there 'is a warrant out for me. I have come to give my sol T up, if you want me.' ' 'By George ! I don't like to do it, you know— I swear I don't ; but I sup pose your 'advice 'is good. I must say I do not fancy passing 'through the ma chinery of justice— 'the stinking police cells .and maylbe the stinking 01(1 Bailey and 'the stinking Holloway as well. Don't like the idea, I say.' 'Nonsense. 1 have little doubt that youil find the plank 'bed iu the cells more entertaining at least t'lmn the etone slab of the morgue.' 'Don't speak of it, sir— not another word. I 'hadn't thought of that, 'pon my soul— I htodu't. You make my flesh creep.' Tho stranger grinned for the first time. AVtliur HJraVkenbrldge reached for Ills lint, and reluctantly left the carriage. Ho stood for a moment, his ? back to the compartment and ihls 'hand Btfill on the door. Turning, he 'said : 'Yes, you're right. Ill do It; I'll give myself up and see What becomes of mo. My name Is Jirackenlbrldge ; you will, wltfliou-t a doubt, see it appear often enough Sn the newspapers during the next month or so. But, whatever becomes of ?mo, you, sir, have saved my life. Whether you li'ave done me a good turn or an evil one lias yet to be seen ; but to-night, a't least, I am grateful, yery pratefni. That slab keeps recur ring to my m'ind, you know, and— ^vell, good-bye, my friend, and God bless you, sir, God (bless you !' i The two men clasped .Itnnds, gazing Irtto one another's face earnestly and long. The train started with its usua) wracking jerk. The heavy man *wt huddled In the corner, his brows con'traeted, arms fold ed, and Ills R.vt's (lxod on his dnnclng foot. Tho twin arrived at and departed from Wesl Kensington Station. He slipped 'Ills liiind Inlti Ills 'broast pocket, nnd slowly drew forth ilin revolver. The miiiwile Wino'll; blood ; it looked blood. Without one glance at fflie weapon, but 'handling It its a usurer bandies a jrold oriniunent, he mulfored : ' Tnki-n one life, waved one life. Surely Hie one should lmiaiu'-- Hie olhor. But he ways 'No, nut one life, but two you have taken— two ! two ! your vic tim's and your own.' I hellevo ho is as \- tight lu my case as I was In Mb, and the bndance Is ngalnst mo, against mie— hopelessly against mo ; against mo now and for all eternity. He said to me, 'God Mess you, sir 1' I think that is of good omen. He is flie last 1 shall meet on tlhis earth, and 'he said ' God bless you, sir I' ' With his thumb 'he drew buck the hammer of the weapon until It '?clicked' twice. ' I may as well end my flight by in stantaneously 'pu'tting myself out of rea'Ch of my pursuers ; and it Is better that I do it with 'the young man's words ringing In my ears. Hi; was flying to his death; I from mine. He found life; I find ? ' A't Hammersmith Station the travel lers 'by the 'train gat'hered round t'he compartment, to stand Mp-too and peer Into it while itlie guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful col lapse ; and next morning's papers con tained the news of the suicide of the Gray's Inn murderer and the arrest «£ Arthur Bmckenbridge.— ' The Lud gate.' 