FATHER ANTHONY. A ROMANCE OF TO-DAY. By ROBERT BUCHANAN. CHAPTER XI— (Continued). A watcnod mm Keenly wutlo l spoKe, dui ms tace was a blank. "You told mo that before, sir." lie oald qulotly. "Then ttaoro Is nothing whatever they can force mm to say : "Nothing whatever, that I know." "You nro sure ho was not with you that night?" "Quite sure." "Excuse mo foe persisting; but have you no Idea whero ho visited that night, when, as you say, he was .-making sick calls away on tho moun tains?" "No, sir.'. "Was R usual for him to be out and about bo late?" "finite usual. He was out at all boura of the day and night. You see, sir," the young man rxlded, quietly, "my brother was always a little , strange nfter he was ordained. I used to think sometimes that ho wasn't quite happy in his new life. Ho had strange fits Of depression, and once, I remember, I found him crying llko a child." "On that particular night, before your arrest, did anything in his appearance strike you?" Tho young follow reflected. Then, as if illu- minodtby a sudden memory, ho exclaimed — "Ytes, sir. He catno in covered with mud, ns if ho had been wandering over tho open bog, and his face was wild, as If he had seen a ghost t asked him where he had been, and ho told me that he had been visiting tho sick and giving ab solution. Then, when wo were alone, ho wrung mo by tho hand, and said, 'Oh. Michael, why did 1 evor become a priest of God?' " "Shortly after that you wcro arrested?" "Yes; and when tho peelers came to take mo my brother wont on llko a madman, and cried out that I was Innocent and that ho could prove It But, sure, if that were true, I shouldn't be sitting here now." After a Httlo more conversation I left him, feeling in my own mind pretty well assured that if the priest could not help me to find the guilty person, I should never lay my hands upon him. CHAPTER XH. My Interviews with the unfortunate man in pri son had had at loast one effect— they had con vinced mo (in splto of tho overwhelming evidence against him) that be was Innocent. 'When I said as much to Eileen, and begged, her, as I did, to forgive mo for having had so Httlo faith previ ously In her womanly Instinct, sbo was gratoful hoyond measure, and tho load of her grief seemed greatly lightened. "Prom this moment," I . said, "I'm with yon heart and soul, and what I attempted at first out of mere sympathy shall bo done henceforth under absolute conviction. You must keep up your strength, Miss Craig, for we shall need ft all! There's time yet to save your friend, and with God's help ho may soon be a free man." Driving back to Mylrca together we discussed tho chances with lighter hearts, slnco now, for tho first timo during our acquaintance, wo were equally enthusiastic. When we parted at the Castle door, and wo shook hands like sworn com rades, her pale, suffering face looked almost bright and hopeful, for tho flrst time since our mooting. On one point I had thought it better to keep sUenco, since it might be a clue to the truth, and. on the other hand, might lend to nothing; and this point was tho unwillingness of Anthony Creenan to testify publicly on behalf of his bro ther. What Michael had hinted to mo seemed, to say tlie least of ft, curious. Why should tho priest have been so loud In assorting his bro ther's Innocence, and why should the summons to testify It have filled him with such despairing terror? What was he himself doing on tho night of the murder, and what was tho real cause of his singular agitation- These were questions which I had determined to answer for myself at the flrst opportunity. At daybreak next morning I was on the car driving towards tho solitary abode of tho Cree- nans. On my arrival there I ascertained, to my surprise, that Father Anthony was up and sitting in his bedroom, whore, indeed. I found him, lean ing back in an armchair near tho window, reading Ills breviary. Tho moment I entered tho room lie smiled faintly, and reached out his hand for mine. I drew a chair beside liis and placed my Angers on his pulse, while 'he watched mo quietly with his largo black oyes. I was struck more and more by his almost child-like expression. Tho dark eyes were largo and soft like- a woman's, the lips full and sensitive, and the whole faco almost feminine in Its sensuous beauty. "You are all right now," I said, "but you should not have left your bed." "Sure. I am .better up and about," he replied in a low, musical voice; "aud here close to tho window I can leel the light on me, and I can see the sunset 011 the mountains." Then, after thanking mo in his mother's name nnd his own for my attention he sat gazing out of tho window with his eyes averted from mine, a little nervously I thought, as it he dreaded further conversation. "Do you know. Father Anthony," I said cheer fully, "that I've taken up my quarters in your old room at Mylrea? Vory comfortable quarters they are, I assure you. And that reminds me," I added, "you loft something behind you, which I'm sure you will be glad to possess again." So saying I produced the book ot Irish songs which I had found in the room at Mylren. I had my object in returning it personally to its owner, but I was surprised to see the effect which the sight of the book had upon bim. His eyes dilated, Ills under lip qulvored, and he drew back, waving the book from him with a whlto and trembling hand. "It is yours, is it not?" I nsked. "Of courso it is, for your name is written hero upon the fly leaf." For some minutes ho did not reply, but I saw his lips still quivering, and at last he said, in a low voice: "Thank you, doctor. Yes, the book is mine. Will you kindly place it down on tho table?" I did so, and then returned to my seat at his side. When he spoke again his eyes were rest ing wistfully on the book. "It was a gift to me many years ago." he said; "but when I left it in the cottage I did not ex pect to receive it again. Sure, it's a book of heathen songs, and there's only one hook, maybe, a priest should read." He raised his right hand and showed the breviary. "But since Miss Eileen gave it to you?" Again I thought his eyes dilated and his lips quivered, but I could not see his face well, as it was partially turned away. Not a word more was said, but ho opened his breviary glanced at It, and then closed it with a deep sigh. "Are you strong enough," I said, "to talk to me on another subject? I have been to the prison nt Castlcrao, and I have toad a long talk with your brother." This time there was no nervousness, no hesita tion. Ho turned round quickly, looked eagerly into my face, and cried; "You've seen Michael? Spoken to him? How Is h6? What did he say to you? Did he send any message to me?" "Ho sent you his loving blessing," I replied. "Ho was wondering why you had not been to see him, but I explained that you had been ill and ho was satisllcd." "God in heaven bless him," cried tho young priest fervently, looking upward. "I did not go lilono to ttoo prison," I pro ceeded, still watching him intently, "Miss Craig was with me. She, like myself, is thoroughly convinced that your brother is Innocent of causing her father's death." I waited for him to speak, but toe was silent, and I saw that ho was trembling from head to foot. "You, of course, believe hiin. innocent?" The reply came at once, and in broken accents; "I know he is!" "Unfortunately, however, the ease is very black against him. Unless wo can discover the per son who is really guilty, your brother Is certain to bo condemned." It was cruel of me, I suppose, hut I had my object iu causing the young priest the torture which ho was obviously enduring. If be was concealing anything he might bo urged to speak. He sat as if spell-bound, gazing out through the window on tho dreary prospect of mountain and moor. Suddenly he uttered a cry and said ill a voice choked with tears: "God help him! God will never let them harm an Innocent man!" "But cau you do nothing?" I asked quickly. "Remember, your brother's life is at stake! You say you know lio Is innocent." "I know it, nnd God knows It!" "But can you prove it? That Is the question. Do you know anything which might throw light Into the darkness, and help -us to And the guilty person?" "I know nothing. I can say nothing," he replied; and with tears streaming down his cheeks, he added, as if to himself, "My God! My God!" But I persisted. "It Is unfortunate, very unfortunate. When you are called iipon to testify on your brother's behalf—" "1 have testified on the depositions. I can say 00 more." "You have not even any suspicion as to tho truth? If that is so how cau you cay '.hat you know your brother is innocent?" "I do know it," was again the reply. "But how?" The priest rose to his feet, supporting him self to his feet with his two trembling hands; then he stood erect, crossed himself, and looked me In tho faco. "God will preserve my brother," he said solemn ly. "God also has taught me my duty, sir, and I shall do as He wills!" ' (To bo continued.) 