m IflUE 3F A BONNIE SSOTCH LASSIE. fT śt e;:-:ouGE eathbokne, j 7.f(I.. o; "Under Egyptian Skies," iiine of New York." etc. j-TKK I—PERHAPS A FOOL'S ERRAND. -Stop— dr °P off here." sings out »-r:-: Travers. as he thrusts Lis head m; z carriage that has just passed the J^sjT-.iCco-t Scott monument facing :-.! the- beautirul city ol S-l&bursb.; Tc; Cslciienlar. Jehu draws to the Ifrbnpo !;i= in o passengers alight. In i-:-zi i>! in . 'n i* a picture, excelled no-. vifrt or. o;;Tth. Just across the green Tn;v;, maciv into a park, rises the ,-j-i,:-; c!iu. on top of which is perelied (je Ca-stic. cctlineil in the clear- soft jr.c?nI:Ehi. t!ic- scene of many stirring end roniastic incidents in Scottish histary. . : Ii s tit-vem l'}" the neighboring clocks, tad the liiffiii one in a receńt 'May. .The ions twilight has given way about ten to tic coining o£ darkness; but tar off <i7C-r ti::- North Sea rises a liatterea- Id::-:;-; e.b.'c-ct. yclept the moon, now on tie decline. Jack to lie. a young man; there Eot'diis at all extraordinary about his £PP5ara::ci. as seen on this moonlit j-ijijt that his quick actions would jr:ark Jam as a fellow of considerable clergy. E:s companion, on the contrary, prois attract an abundance o£ attentsa ;» the streets of Edinburgh, being <1 Cl:ir..iican. who still wears his queue, e-d irrfi-if on dressing, to some extent ct irast. in h:s national garb. •TVoii." savs Jack, when the vehicle nils away from the spot, "here we are, !Ui Sin. safely landed in Princes street. Look up yonder, my boy; what d'ye liirik of ibal sight? Pestil:-:;" this is the original Ah Sin, of Yfeom tile piflei Califomian muse has' Cc-n^in it is no other heathen Chiec couid ever give points to this identical Slcngolian in the "ways that ctć dark and tricks that are vain." Ah &2 Łcs been through it alL Jack found him in tiic mines, and the Celestial eivM hi? life in some way, which piece cf charily cemented the bonds of friencl- •iin tc-tv. >"-t=n thein, so that they are now inseparable in the character of master mr.r. Jack could not shake off tliis isumar. leoe-li if he tried, and lie has i ;v?r drvamed of attempting it, since IV oth:-v if too useful a henchman. •Eii-vci! oVV-ele," says Jack, after he f i? for. vi Al: Sin to express admiration »' t the moon-bathed Castle, rearing its i7.assive wails upon the heights teeyond Si-i Grass Market. "You see. we have Jn^as of time: twelve was the hour apjAitad—"that witching hour, when •rlmreliyards yawn and graves give up their dead.' Lc-t us then saunter along i'nuc-es street in the direction of Calton silll: and v. lien we come to the north triage- over iiie railroad we cross Kidi sire-e-t. from which we can easily ?v-s.ch our destination, the historic Osiongate." If Ah Silt hears, „he makes no reply, &ag; accustomed to such soliloquies^on C-.5 part of the remarkable -gentlemani T.ilh tvhos*- strange fortunes hie has U r several years been united. • ' In adversity as well as prosperity this rimpk- follower of Confucius .lias:-proven' ss Eaithrul as the needle to the Pole. ! He knows more- of Jack's life than any •ftber r(r.=i.Ti on earth, but secrets ¥elasin inviolate in his heathen breast. H-j valks beside Jack, a trifie to the rc'-sr. as Os^uch he would not presume. •S'a Sin kr.»ws his place, and in his eyes isli young man is a gofi whom he visrehiiis ;r. Fr-cret. K.w a:;.; then Jack si>eaks — he does •v.i th? taikinp-. ajiparenUy, but it serves io frv- ii:;" and All Sin is like a •song*, alnays receptive, though ready i" giv-> u;. what he has retained at the ti-ghti-st wish ol the master. A strange tit it is that tinites these tivO. At th:.- liour ou a cool May evening <itre a: t- many people to be seen on the larorit- promenade of the northern cai>ltsl ProbaLIy a stranger's eye "would lx- attractca iirst of all towards the Highlana soliiers. seen singly, in groups, it mipht be walking in loving companion with some bonnie lassie; fine, tfjiltrarL fellows they are, decked bravely i- tht kiit of their .cian, and showing iie usual hare knees. coupk of picturesque Newhaven C:hnives. with huge baskets . oń their reaoi, peddling cooked sea-food, perhaps n'on-:ter crabs, pass fey, and Jack bcuiio to give them a se j.Thi].-- ...,:i the taciturn Ah «ght oi ti.eir bare ankles seen: under the sic-rt r^tticoats. taniał music thrills the'.air; a com- oi hoy soldiers wheels Into view, gues marching past, keeping:exceli":-t time. The sound of the drum, is '"c nou-!iy in any city of her Majesty's since the foresaost nation of i-h^ world must of necessity'rear i race •< rrarriois. Even the children inherit vi:; f<;vr-;- f,.r hfaring arms. . -lack and Ah Sin have by tbis'tmif aifiiKt rt-ai-h<\--u the Register House build- «E: and SnO quite a crow<i lining the X'avemc-r.T as they halt to -watch the 4'oang Seottisb soldiers . pass:-, but, J^^atigc to say, few, if any cheers mailt ti;eir progress—a. fact that surprises the KmericEĄ who understands not the uń-. •Ssmonstralive ways of these-canny citi- "as of Edinburgh. ' ' - ' A few inquiries now, and Jack cuts ecross the sireet in front ol the c5ce, with Ah Sin running behind-"; Horth Bridge opens before them: jsn- •-t-nieatii lie the tracks of the iailroaid.' "teiv engines are shunting.jrans and' ^Tiagr-s bacirw ; ard and forward - »iUi ^"Stess rapidity. Then comes High street, leading oń the •nit- hand to the Castle, iuidon tiie other into that historic region towtn thfi Canohgate. i? a justly celebrated quarter ofjthe. •-•14 tow—. nrd one surrounded by buildaatiqvu; ir. their design, which have 3«ikr-il Oor.-fl on persons famous in- his- "-ory. -""- ' Łlore the- Canongate nearly an hour ^ftirc ir.idnight few people are iabroadlack comes to a pause ere plunj^nginto recesses, and surveys-the-prośp^Łfci, "ii a full moon overhead ihis street ^Ust present a.n-artistic effect J •sunt of the odd gables and Jbalcontes fi^a dorrje-r windows o£ the tousesii^M^ ^ digc-rent from its f<3tows; ; »ut ; 12aw the shadows play at.hide audi . ^ the prospect looks anything but val-' "-"•ng to Jack. '.- . - "1 say, Ai Sin, you and I hare eeen l -"fflt- queer places in -company. Łook| tht-K-; notice the stiange J* moonlight on tbe Old ToP" n®ighl(ors — the bare of y 6 nanners waving on the ^'the picUiBt remanaiyoutink It velly much likp 1 Eaa Klan CISCO." ,resr*' '"* * o^aon, gliMy, at ^fcjgg mv icea. to a<lot. -sf3Spw."J stable Etrect may be ^^le^ 433 •••••r^--' ' s - - X ^t ^ ^ f S h t as^™adway at rioon; but consiGfirins tlie peculiar cJrcumstan-1 ces= there s something a trifle suspicions 1 ip ine in its, being appointed a rendezvous. At any rate, Ah Sin, we will teep^n our guard, ft isn't often j-ou »oa I have beeti caught napping." They advance and enter the sacred precincts <S£ what was, two' ecnturie-s back, the centre of Edinburgh's aristocratic homes. If the street were perfectly straight, the eye could follow along it to. the domains of'Holyrood Palace the fame of which in song and storv has long been familiar to every people on the globe. Whatever mission brings this voung American into the Canongate at this weird hour, he seems, at any rate, to be carrying out some well arranged plan. There is nothing in his maimer to indicate that his expedition may be. of the Quixotic order, though his almond- eyed retainer would doubtiess serve noblv as a modern Sancho Panza. Indeed, such is the faith of poor Ah Sin in the invulnerable abilities of the ex-miner and cowboy that Jack could not ppsslbly originate a preposterous scheme in which the other would not ' immediately believe with heart and souL Sauntering slowly on. Jack casts an occasional glance aloft, and presently finds that they are -exactly under the great clock suspended in air far up the face of the Old Tolbooth. 'We go no further,' Ah Sin. This is the jeamjjiag ground where ,we are. tn cool:Our heels waiting on the pleasure of — well, some one. If we fail to-night, then to-morrow at the same hour —any night this week will do. By the way,, you have the weeds, my dear fellow; oblige me with one. Some time to wait; and tobacco is very soothing, you know." The Mongolian squire to this Tiinc— teenth-cemtury knight has already whipped out the sacred case containing the precious condensed incense to the gods, and handing one of the weeds to his master, lie speedily supplies a light, apparently enjoying the sight of Jack's contentment more thaii he would the smoking of the cigar himself. 'Peculiar arrangement this," continues the young man;' "don't remember ever having met the equal before. Bound to see it through; never known to quit a game as long as I could hold on—eh. Ah Sin? I've passed through something of wild life as a cowboy and ranch-owner, and finally'.a miner: but the last state that has fallen to my share, is perhaps the moist- singular, of alL . Don't fancy it— can't belięró I have any right to accept: that's why K am here searching, for her. Find her yet/if I have to •turn-old Edinburgh upside down, or follow that rascal over the sea to Havana, whence he came. Heigho'. this is an odd world. "What's the time up there?—half-past eleven by the Old Tolbooth clock, and Jsck Travers that was standing in the Canongate waiting for Pate to toss him a favor. Will I find what I seek? That's an opeji question; but since (his photograph fell into my hands I must confess to an interest in the hunt second to none in my whole life." Just beyond the stone stairs against which Jack has been carelessly leaning stands a street lamp, and impelled by some strong motive, the young man saunters in that direction. From a pocket he takes out a notebook, and unfastening the' rubber band of this, gently draws out a card photograph. It bears the stamp of the best photographer in Edinburgh. The face is that of a young girl—a charming face, that could hardly be found outside Scottish borders; for the claims of Scotch lassies as queens of beauty have long been recognised as well founded, -and hardly jieed the Inspired jpen of a Bums to court the'favor of the wprld's judges. • BeeSnfe to devour the picture with his eyes. • s * ' ••yes," says Jack, •almost savagely, "I believe it wi th all my heart. This .is my JtLte—sweet Jessie Cameron; and could I "win her heart, gladly would I forego all those wonderful blessings Fortune has of late seen lit to shower on me. And it is to find her I have come to this northern capital, visiting the Canongate like thief in the night, and courting not only arrest as a prowler, but what is worse, a cold in the head. Some secret influence works against me, I have reason to be lieve;but I'm bound to reach my goal if I have to follow the original of this pic ture half way round the world, and even to that fever-racked gem of the Antilles, Old Cuba. He actually sighs as he parefully replaces the picture in its receptacle, and then casts a quick glance round to dis cover if anyone has been a witness to his action. Kot a soul appears to be in sight save Ah Sin, and that acute Celestial has his back .turned towards his young master, as though he -would avoid giving him an awkward feeling — wise old Ah Sin, reader of human nature and -pupil of "tlie greatest of diplomats, Li Hung Chang. > ' . • __ jack" is just about to return to las former place of vigil, where he can Test his broad shoulders against the stone stairs leading .above, when a strange thing happens—the most remarkable event in his experience eo far as the vagaries of chance are concerned. He hears a * sound of wheels, and realises that a vehicle of- some sort advancing from tlie direction of High street—a vehicle "Siat is being carried at a rapid pace by the animal in the shafts- Perhaps ettme -belated traveller endeavoring ' to catch his train—an experienced traveller who has . bought the cabby body and" śoul by the promise an extra shilling if they succeed. They come spinning on at a'joyous pace, and naturally Jack Łas his eye on the vehicle as at approaches, little dreaming tow much Sis late is bound up in that cab. As though the annate; has become somewhat «nxious over his whereaboute, a^ace appeara Jwt^ passing the lamp-post, a face that is so fiiniiilBr to Jack that its presence. here In old Edinburgh almost takes bos ^'He^ó^^ius mo)itłi iaś if to caH outa. name:-bt|t:before.IŁ can leavę hlshps. . •-- ^ -crłiftlp affair Uie et^ngcśt T^fcBf the ,^oV'.aJIąjr ieft to those mqre £kHftil4n ia>lv5ęg the |£s6iemS?<& -saŁrT.lW^aBwe sisters spin their threads. and -weave into gie watp and woof thai go. to make up the tabrlc of human lives with marvellous skill; -and, looking bade, we shudder to contemplate what r^aage must hive cmne-ovar^M-fortimes if foiain events, uponwhlch our Jtons have been based, had not -oc- CU&5all evc-nts/Pira of wheels of the eah takes • a singular notion to proceed onttTown account, h a ^ eecured. a orce fit®, ihe a*le and its running ^ e resak ^aturaliy'is aeuddeo wreck piśwled nponMilestones, —--re ana grasps L^eCtuallyrflue!!-- UI. .^„..ary spirit that toad Picking himself up from tha street, runs to the assistance of the young man. "I hare the beast all right; look you to the passenger—I'm afraid he's been hurt," sings out Jack, whose long familiarity with the broncho of the American prairies during his life as a cowboy has taught him many &.trick, by means of wł^ch the most spirited horse might be held in check. Obediently the Jehu turns towards his dilapidated vehicle. He finds some difficulty in opening the front, wlficli has suffered from the horse's heels or a sudden collision with tlie pavement; but presently succeeds, and just as Jack is giving the horse over in charge of a policeman who comes running up, the inmate of tlie forlorn hansom is assisted out. Fortune has indeed " played him a scurvy trick, for he is badly , battered, and doubtless believes the case far worse than it will turn out in the end. Jack remembers the glimpse tie had of the gentleman's face, and is more than curious to ascertain whether it can be possible he knows this unfortunate traveller. So he bends over him, and discovers lie lias made no -mistake. Howard Spencer!" he exclaims. . The man, who has been groaning with pain, and is evidently considerably bewildered by the blows he received, looks at him vacantly, as .he mutters: "Thai was my name ohce—heard it' somewhere.: oi- other. Badly hurt, ain't T?/Eoo plagued mean it comes just -when was about to take a leap into the lap r' Fortune. She told me' no good could come of it. Say. who are you, anyhow?" to Jack, who bends over. 'Why, Howard, old boy, don't you remember me—Jack Travers?" says the other, cheerily. The men on tlie pavement breaks out into a laugh—a harsh laugh, that grates the nerves. 'Tell that to the marines. Jack Travers! Why, he's dead, and I'm his ghost —take my oath on it Haunted by the name. What's all this? Blooa? Then m badly hurt, ain't I? Must go onpromised to be there by twelve. A fortune at stake,-you know. Help me up, you fellow. Don't you know a gentleman when you see him? Now show me the house with seven gables at the corner. I tell you I must get there, or all lost.' - The man has an amazing amount of pertinacity about him; at any rate, he eels forward, takes three steps, and falls headlong, » that it is only a, quick : moveanent on "tne part Of -Ah Sin that' saves him from crashing to the pavement. 'Badly hurt. I will send for help and have tlve gentleman taken to a hospital." ays a second police officer, who has ar- •ived. It would be a wis?- plan." remarks Jack, "for he may have received internal injuries. Tou set- he Jalks as if he's off his head." By this time numerous heads have appeared at windows along the Canongate. iid a smali crowd has collected around the broken hansom, which the driver is endeavoring to patch temporarily together, so that he may drag it away to tlie mews where his quarters are located. Jack attempts to question the man. whom he has apparently known at some former period of his adventurous past, hoping to discover where he puts up ; but the other pays no attention, muttering to himself about his appointment and swearing horribly every time h doves his wrenched or broken arm. Turning to the hansom driver, Trav ers learns thai he picked up his fare at the station, the gentleman baring come by a delayed train- Quickly. in response to the policeman'* call, an.- ambulance arrives, showing how systematically everything is done in this beautiful city on the Forth. The unfortunate gentleman is lifted into it, and almost before Jack realises the fact, the vehicle vanishes down the street. He turns round; tlie Jehu is also leavig the spot, with his horse towing the wrecked hansom; the little crowd disperses, heads are drawn in from windows, and almost like magic the Canongaie resumes its normal state of midnight silence. Jack rubs his eyes in bewilderment. "Come, was all this a dream, or did it really happen? That poor fellow had an awful shake-up. Once we were chums, and many times have we slept under the same blanket, until that litle affair down at Santa Fe separated us. I -never could forgive Howard his treatment of that black-eved beauty. What brings him across my path again, and. of all times, now? Heigho! what o'clock is it up there—eleven-fifty? How the minutes drag! Have I really been asleep and dreaming! Ah Siń, did a vehicle smash to pieces here?" he demands, turning on his "faithful follower. - •Velly muchee smashes up," replies the Celestial, with ah angelic smile. And a gentleman was hurt?" ""Yep. velly sure;, he talkee in ail'," responds Ah Sin, nodding eagdrly. 'And Itliey earned hiai to the hospital?" c , - ' "Takee to dead house, allee samee," declares the Mongolian, rather flippantly: for the heathen Chinee has no' heart foT any one outside ot Jack. 'H'm! Well, that settles it; but I'm hardly able to believe it happened even iiow. Perhaps you dreamed the same thing I did. Where's your.proof, Ah Sin? No broken hansom, no wounded gentleman, nothing at all to show." •How this?" and the man from the East holds a small package aloft. 'A packet <if letters tied with a string. Where under the sun did you get those, mv good man?" "'On street — tall from pocket M Howard, allee samee." "The deuce you say. Then why . Brit never mind; "I'll" take charge of them ańd eee that be sets his property iin the mornSnj%vS^en -i -hunt him up at Jthe: bospitaL r At any rate, this Js proof enough I wasn't dreaming. I wish I could be as sure about his raving. My ghost eh? -WVjlI, I like that f— rather *ool, to say the least. Haunted by my teimc isie?,. soriivfetE. I' neyer thought if was' so ^atrocious as -that ' - "What tdse t did he feay. aSput •cc&ag; 1 .an;., appointment,', at iwdve *hal be niust iuWl. Batter :unf sefśjs toffił* 5 ' ». SOT*. diaon Sń fceep one lą ihe^ther world. A fortune at stake, ełi? Why, that's something In my own line. Deuced odd we JbotŁ should have visited the C-'±non- cate at mtdnight on errands Oivolving ike liiŁy itiere! . :Show him the house with seven gables at the corner. That was where he Had the appointment, I re&oB-; Is there such, a , house near here? I've a charitable notion to saunT ter on a little blł and see. T łt rwould, perhaps, be dding a favor If I dropped Sa the good folks just tshy HOwaid &aa; to turn up. ,„..;, : 'Tt wasn't Jite>fatilt, goodness knows. Wtó^wilŁsomrfimesfiyofftheirbase, man's lortunes-Pfe aiew minutesJ3f my time concave the longer the "ocfugh do you see that building over yonder— the house of seven gables—the house to which the poor gentieinan was driving wl^u his tyre was punctured? Well, Kuirig over to sound a tattoo on the u4»r. wmi let them know why Howard fails to show up. You see there are lights—they evidently expect him. A fortune, he said: perhaps some old worthy unclć waiting to malce him his Heir. Poor uncle! I'm sorry for him,, knowing the said Howard of old. ' Now watch me, my boy, and take a lesson. This is the gentleman's rap —-not die postman's or the man with a bill." Evidently this same Jack Travers, bachelor, is inclined to be rather a facetious individual, capable of seeing something in life beyond mere exist- 'ence. , He gives the knocker several resonant blows., which echo along the quiet street. Some one is heard advancing ou the other side of tlie dopr. and a hand tumbles the choin. Evidently the inmates of this queer house with the Sables do not put implicit confidence in their neighbors, or else they come from a country where locks are a iiecessity Jack somehow or other, at the jingle of the chain, has :i flash of remembrance concerning the fortune mentioned by the passenger of the wrecked hansom cob Then the door opens. Tlit bóll-way is dimly lighted, and he can just see the figure of -i man before liim—a man as'strikin^ in his general appearance as one would meet in the Quartier Latin of Paris, where art students abound—a man who lias long irongrey hair that falls to his shoulders, a snow-white beard, and who wears the conventional black velvet jacket of an artist. Jack is a little struck by the .tppenr- :..nce of this gentleman, who has swuug the door back rothm- hastily, and is observing him wuh what appeal's to be a burning jraze. so that for the moment he forgets to speak. During this brief space of time he feels rather thrói sees the eyes of the other fastened upon hint." Nor is the explana tion difficult to seek. if. as he believes, this is the house where Howard had his appointment. He finds his voice. "Pardon me. sir; hut were you expecting some one?" he asks. To his surprise the old gentleman immediately puts out his hand; liis whole demeanor changcś. since he. 110 longer iv owns and looks- suspicious, but smiles; and Jack,, aiot to be outdone in politeness, meets that palm half way. believing he can at least hold his own when it eonios to a squeeze, if. given his favorite grip. The bells clang out the midnight hourjust at this moment, -and between the strokes he hears the other say, with what appears to be a foreign accent to his English: "Welcome-, weleoine, to my house! Tou keep tlie appointment barely to the Setter; still, as we say in sunny Spain, Mas vale tarde que nunca, which is. Belter late than never. I have waited —we ail have waited anxiously. Por Dios": you are here. Ag.iui I say. with all my heart, welcome on this bappv night. Mr Jack Travel's—ha, ha! (To be Continued). 