revelations of a detec tive. BY JAMES M'GOVAN i THE JAPANNED CASH BOX. I “ You’re wanted up at the office.” f A policeman tapped me on the shoulder, with those words, as I was going down the High street at a smart walk. “ No ?” I said incredulously, for I had just left it, and on business too. It’s true ; I was sent to call you back. I rather think there's a man there who will speak to nobody but you.” J got back at once, and saw the “ man" —a. gentleman of between forty and fifty —seated in a chair, and looking very ex cited and exhausted. He had a peculiar appearance. He was prematurely old. His hair had been jet black, but was now thickly interspersed with grey and silvery white. His face had evidently been handsome, but it was now sunken and bloated, and his eye, now dull and leaden, only at intervals showed gleams of brilliance and power. A glance told me he was a drunkard. “You are Mr .M’Ouvan ?” h~ sab!, speaking w/th quiet dignity. “I must speak with you alone.” The room was cleared at once, and I waited in quiet curiosity for him to speak. " My name is Ramsay. I have called about a strange thing that has been done to me, which I don’t think that it is right for a quiet inoffensive person like myself t to submit to,” he began, with growing ex citement. " I don’t know who is the author of the outrage—that you must l discover. I spoke of it to my., landlady, and she professes to know nothing about it. Perhaps she, too, is in the plot.” lie appeared to expect an answer, so I said “ Perhaps. Would you be good j enough to state what the outrage was ?" "Briefly this : I rent a room in Buc-I cleucli street. I have always paid the rent regularly—eight shillings a week— and I am bound to confess the landlady lias hitherto been kind and ' attentive. Bast night, however, I suddenly discover ed that she had knocked a hole right through the wall at a corner of the room next to the back green. I felt a little cold, of course, but made no complaint, until three or four ferocious-looking wolves came in by the aperture and seized me by the small of the back. I cried out, for they were sucking the very heart out of me, and the moment the landlady appeared they retreated by the hole and disappeared. Well, what do you think ? When I complained of them, and the hole by which they had entered, she had the audacity to say that there was no such a hole there ! Yet the verv moment she was gone they cama and again fas tened on my back. They have left me so weak that I could hardly walk here.” Before he had got half of this spoken I saw what was wrong. The man was suffering from delirium tremens. “ I will bring a gentleman to you who will be able to advise you much better than I can,” I said, and shortly returned with a medical inspector. My opinion was at once confirmed, and the doctor took me aside and whispered : “Take him home in a cab and send for his doctor. He is evidently a gentleman, and would not like the idea of being at tended as a pauper by. a public medical man.” and, then turning to the.'visitor, he talked to him smoothingly find good humoredly till the cab had arrived. I accompanied him, and had to listen to some strange tf‘™» «n...the ^ - " -t . o;/.'. trust you,” he n&id;, con fidentially, “ bV.t there is one pAnt which I may tell you I have not yet touched upon. I am afraid I will not bit^allowed to enter my room, even when we get there.” x “ Not enter your room !—and why !” ” Because when I was leaving I heard some officers from Ireland enter and take possession of it, saying they were in search of me as a Fenian.” To soothe him I assured him that 1 would soon send the “officers” to the right-about. He appeared pleased, but soon began on another tack, from which he was not so easily diverted. “Would you believe it—they are also plotting against me to steal my watch.” I glanced at his waistcoat. No traces of a watch were visible. “Ah, you need not look there for it,” he put in quickly. “It is too valuable to be carried. I will show it to you when we get to the lodging. It was my mother’s. It is nearly a hundred years old, and was once in the possession of George II. They say that the carving- on it is never equal led nowadays.” I thought that the watch and its belong ings were the offspring of his own dis ordered brain, but I was wrong. I said I would be glad to look at it. „‘And who are they that wish- to steal it?” I asked,fancying at the moment that he looked tolerably sane. The unsettled look returned to his eyes. “I don’t know.” he said, fidgeting un easily. “Perhaps you can find out that for me. Of this, however, I am almost certain— she is one of them.” "AYho?” f‘My landla3y.” ’ The words were given in an excited whisper, and with an impressive laying of the finger on the lip. The cab stop ped at the same moment. The landlady, a decent-looking, hard working widow, appeared greatly reliev ed at the sight of her lodger. One look passed between us, and we understood each other perfectly. As for the lodger, he walked into the kitchen and quietly sat down on one of the well-scrubbed chairs. “Oh, I’m sae gled ye’ve brocht him back again,” whispered the landlady with tears in her eyes. “He wad hae oot, an’ I was frichten oot o’ my'judgment wi’ his ongauns, soT jist let ’urn gang.” “Have his medical man here immedia tely, I said quietly. “I will stay till you come back, and try and. get him to bed. Your house will be quite safe with me,” and I mentioned my name and employ-: ment, and she hurried off. “Hadn’t you better go into your own room now?” I suggested to Mr Ramsay. "I would prefer it much to sitting here, j it is so cold,” he shiveringly replied; “but the officers—they are waiting for me?” “Oh, I soon will get rid of them,” I said, j moving'towards the door. ' He jumped and caught me by the arm. “No, no, you would only irritate them,” he fearfully whispered. “Still, if you would go in and say that the gentleman is cold, and would be obliged if they would let him come in, perhaps they would stretch a point, and allow it.” I nodded, got into the room, and re turned with the word that it was “all right.” Then he followed me like a child. When lie got into the room, he began fumbling away under the bed-tick, as if in search of something, and I had a mo ment to look round. All his things were arranged withgreat neatness and care. Among other articles which caught my eye was a shining little japanned tin box standing on the top of a neat letter-rack, and legibly lettered—Cash. My reason for mention ing it in particular will appear before I am done. Another fact may as well be borne in mind—the house being on fhe first floor, to raise the window and step out into the back green would not only have been practicable, but easy. Well, who then was thd thief? I turned to my companion. His arm was now buried to the shoulder between the bed tick and the mattress, and to , my surprise he pulled it forth, and with | it a magnificent gold watch. He placed it in my hands for inspec tion, and I must say that his encomiums had not been in the least extravagant. It was a splendid piece of workman ship. The figures carved on the back stood out fully an eighth of an inch in | relief. I praised it and admired it warmly, saw him stow it away in its hiding place, and then induced him to strip himself and get into bed. Soon the doctor arrived, and I turned to leave. “Watch her—keep youi eye on her!" he eagerly whispered to me, with his | eye fixed fearfully oh the landlady. "I’m sure she wishes to steal it'.I would rather lose my life than that watch. Will j you promise, Mr—Mr—I’ve forgotten your name?” "I promise—she shall not touch it if I know it.” He appeared relieved—smiled out faintly, and bade me good day. Then I left, and saw him no more. But I heard about him. One day, about a week after, the land lady appeared at the office wringing lier hands and crying most bitterly.^.Sfce ! asked for me. bu>- it tvaf! some time'be fore she was calm enough to give me the following particulars. Mr Ramsay, her lodger, was dead.. After I had left him, and he had taken a composing draught, he had appeared to be a good deal better,so much so .that at night his own request that he should be left alone was complied with. In the middle of the night, however, the landlady was awakened by hearing him rummaging about the room, and shutting and open ing windoU-s, doors, and boxes. The soundj did not cease or abate in any degree. On the contrary, they went on increasing till she imagined he was per forming a rapid race round the room, overturning everything as he ran. A sudden booming crash made her leap out of bed and rush Into.the room. XY woe ful scene of wreck met her eyes. A splendid mirror was smashed to atoms, and the floor and fireplace was one litter of broken china, ornaments, books, papers, chairs, bottles, and other odds and ends. Mr.. Ramsay was sitt ing ,.on a chair in his drawers and nightshirt quite unhurt,- chuckling quietly to himself, and remarking that he had had a grand chase after them round the corners “ like a steam en gine.” Of course, he was put to bed, and watched unremittingly by the land lady from that time ; but this appear ed to be the last effort of the dreadful malady, for he gradually sank, and in two days was no more. Now came the cause of the landlady's distress. His friends had been tele graphed for,and had arrived that morn ing. The first thing they looked for was the gold watch he had shown me. It was gone. The room was searched, and every box ransacked ir. vain. Then some strange looks, and some words— perhaps heedlessly dropped—caused the honest widow to start round and hotly demand whether they thought she had stolen it? Some awkward words fol lowed, and then, bursting into tears, the widow came running all the way to the office to seek my advice. “Did you look between' -the bed-tick and the mattress?” I asked. “No.” “I will go with yqri; I think you will find it there.” / ‘ I went, but we ;»1 icl not find it there. I looked foolish, and felt angry. I bad made sure of findirib it where I had seen him hiffS it. Mr Riitnsn—mjjx- rttbear-rmt? -fiai'ratitVrUtienaed appeared , equally '‘■nuzzled anefifboncerned. I turned to the landlady. “Has' no one else been in the room?” “No a body, sir, as vni a leeving wo man. He had sae mon.v valuable things that I was feared, any1 keepit the door aye locked, an’ the key\in my pocket.” “Who dressed the body? J suppose it was dressed before it was taken into the other room?” ”1 dressed him myself. Oh, sir, I liae been as carefu’ o’ his tilings as if they were my ain, and I wadna wrang a flea,” tearfully returned the landlady. “ I canna, for the life o’ me, think lioo the wate'n has gaen amissin’.” I ran my eye round the room in as complete a maze as herself. Everything had been tidied up, but I missed some “Who cleaned up the room?” I asked a little sharply. “I cleaned it up myself.” ! “Then, where did you put the little japanned box that stood on the letter rack there?” “I never saw it. I haena seen it for aboot a week, I think; no’ since that day you broeht him hame.” “That’s strange.” “Yes, I-thoeht sae, though he never kept onything in it, an’ I spoke tae him aboot it next day.” "You did. Well, what did he say?" “He said something, but he didna speak it tae me. He whispered it tae the doctor.” “ And you have never seen tire box since?” “No; I dinna believe it’s the lroose.” “Very good. Perhaps the watch and it have gone together. Don’t worry yourself about them, Mrs Reid; perhaps they are safe enough and I at once took leave and made my way to George square. I found the doctor at home, and with some difficulty obtained an interview. “Did Mr Ramsay entrust you with any article of value—a watch, for instance?” I asked, when I had introduced myself. He stared. "Never,” he said at last. “Never hinted at such a thing.” Whew ! Here was a blow to my hopes. “Not a little cash box, made of ja panned tin?” I added, still faintly cling ing to the idea. “Nothing—nothing.” .. “Do you not remember seeing such, an article on the table in his room?” "I cannot say that I do.” “Try to think. When you were in the room the day after you were called in did the landlady, in your hearing, not ask Mr Ramsay about such a box?” “Yes, I believe she did.” “Can you recollect his answer?” “Yes, it was an odd one. He whis pered to me that she wished to rob him of his watch.” "Did he say anything' more on the subject?” “Not a word. He was only raving ; but I am certain he spoke no more about the watch while I remained.” That was all that I could get out of him. As I came away my reflections were of a rather rueful character. Here was a pretty mess to unravel. A watch was gone, and with it an empty tin box; and, so far as I could judge, no ordi nary thief had taken it. From the first, I may say, I laid it down that the widow was the rub. Had we only known how the watch had gone—had a burglary been committed, a pocket picked, or a dishonest person admitted to the room— the tracking of the criminal would have been plain sailing. A minute description of the missing articles was distributed among the whole force, and the ’whole city—slums,brokers, known receivers, pawnshops, and jewel lers—overhauled and ransacked. But we didn't get them. Worse, we didn’t so much as hear of them. I was neither surprised nor disappoin ted. It was exactly wliat I had antlcl pa tea. But x was surprised when I re ceived the following scrap of writing one afternoon a few days later. It was brought to the *-<-ad office in breathless haste by ragamuffin, and Written in pencil:— Come with the bearer. I've found the lid of the cash box. A little-.boy had a string tied to it, and was using it as a go-cart, at the head of the "West Port. I'm waiting here for his father coming in from his wo;* M‘SWEENY. West Port, 4.30. I at once got to the house— the squalid garret of an Irish laborer—and found M’Sweeny making himself useful by handling a refractory child on his knee, and sympathisingly condoling with the mothei. Pie showed me the japanned lid, and, though it was a good' deal scratched, I knew it at once. He had noticed it in the child's possession on the street, had got out of him that “his father gave it him,” had taken him home, and was now patiently waiting for his father to make his appearance. We had not long to wait. Pie came in hot, tired, and dusty, and naturally looked surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. I showed him the lid. “Where did yo;;..get that?” “Sure I founjjf it-Vb«-Ja>--rio- mi tit thp.t, ib—rnefev' “Not the least. Can you remember where you found it?” “Faith I can. ’Twas in front of a watchmaker’s shop in the Lothian road.” “Which—the one near the shop?” “Yes. It was lying among the sweep ings. The box was there, too. but it was crushed and broken, so I didn’t lift it.” “We gave the man a trifle and loft the house, taking the lid with us. Two minutes’ walk brought us to the watch maker’s shop in the Lothian road. Before entering we tpok a look at the window. Ail at once we both whistled right out, and incredulously faced each other. - There, staring us in the face, with its beautifully-carved back turned out wards. was the missing watch. Unlike every other watch in the win dow, it had no ticket or price attached. We entered the shop and were at once attended to by a young lad, who, I was giad to say, did not know either of us. "Would you let me see that gold watch with the carved hack now in the win dow?” It was placed in my hand, and if ' had any doubt as to its identity- it must have vanished, at once. “What is the price?” I carelessly im quired. “I rather think there is no price put upon it yet ” was the answer. “It lias only- been in the window a few hours. We only got it last night.” “Ah, I see. We belong to the detec tive staff, will you let me look at your book containing the entries for yester iay?” “I can let you see the book, but I don’t think you will find that entered in it.” “And why?” “Because we didn’t buy- it.” “Didn’t buy it? Then who left it?” “An intimate friend of my father’s. He left it on condition that if we sold it lie would give us whatever commission we chose to ask on the transaction.” “His name and address?” He opened the back of the watch, took out a thin slip, and read: “James Nelson, No. —, Fountain Bridge.” Very- good. I mu?', see Mr James Nelson. This watch las been stolen, and it is almost certain that we will be forced to take possession of it; but ir. the j meantime I will leave it here with m:‘ I companion. While I am gone you hail [Joetter_send £ot\ your father.”.. - __ —)> [’ "i uni. Bet if it lias been stu.cn I’rift sure Mr Nelson cannot be the thief, for I h“,!s a sterlinS'. upright, religious man.” [ “Then he will be able to account for having it in his possession. Till he does so he is presumably- the thief.” I said no more, but left the shop, cross ed over into Fountain Bridge, and with some hunting- found the house—a half flat on the third storey. I heard them singing a hymn inside, so I waited till they- had finished, and then gently rang the bell. . ° An elderly woman — his wife, as I found admitted me and showed me in to the kitchen, where was seated the man I sought. He was a fine-looking old man, a trifle stern, perhaps, in his bearing, but in appearance the very' antipodes of a thief. An open Bible lay on the table before him. He looked up in surprise, but laid aside his spectacles at once, and at my request dismissed his wife and daugh ter. “You left a gold watch with the watch maker over there to sell?” “I did.” “Where did you get it?” His eyes fell, and he appeared confus ed. Still, it was not the confession of guilt. I could make that much out, and wondered accordingly. “What right have you to ask?” he said at last, having taken time to think. “The best of rights. I am a detective. The watch 1 ■ ■1 been stolen, and I have traced it to yTou. Where did you get it?” “Well, then, if you must know — I found it.” “A likely' story.” He rose from his seat and looked me full in the face with his own flushed to the eyebrows. “Sir, I am not a liar!” I felt rebuked, and said so. “Well, then,” I said, frankly, taking his hand, “if y'ou are not the thief, tell j me ail you know about it.” j “Well, sir, you must know that last week a favorite cat of ours died, and it being about flitting time my wife did not like the idea of throwing it into the street to be kicked about like-a tin pan by the street boys, and she asked me to bury- it in the green at the back of the house.” I looked out of the window. "There is no green at the back of the house.” “Not here; but we were in No. —, Buc eleuch street, then.” _____. “Buccleuch street! Ho, ho! Well, proceed.” “ I took the cat down, but while dig ging my trowel struck something hard. I thought it was a stone, and put in my hand to pick it out. But it wasn’t—it was a small japanned tin box. I shook it. I slipped it into my pocket, hastily finished burying the cat, and hurried off to my work. The first quiet corner I came'to I opened the box and found a round bundle of flannel, and inside of it the gold watch you speak of.” “ Well, why didn’t you at once give it up to the police ?” “Because. I’ve heard that they just keep the things that are found when they are not claimed, and the finder gets nothing. I believe I did wrong in that.” “You m ost certainly did, as you may find presently to your cost.” “But I advertised it.”. “Where? When?” “Wheneer I found it—in the ‘Scots “Have you the paper handy ” He produced it, and I read the follow ing scrap, in an obscure corner:— Watch found. Owner may have it.on describing it, and where lost, and paying this. No. 1358. “I’m afraid this won’t save you much. Why did you not'give a more lucid de scription?” “Because I was afraid someone might apply for it who had ho right to it.” "But Why did you conclude that it.was yours, and you had a right to sell it, fee r cause no one applied for it in the short space of a 'week?” [ “I’ll tell you the trutlj. sir, I really | did not think the watch had been lost.” “What then?” "The watch was so old-fashioned that I thought p’r’aus it had been buried there hundreds of years ago, and that the owners were long since dead.” “Well, even in that case, don't you know nil treasure trove belongs to the Crown? You'would have lost nothing by giving up either, for It is customary to present the finder with full value in thd'coln of the realm." “X certainly have heard something- of such a law, but where was I to find the Crown?” "Through any of its Appointed agents —the police, the revenue, the magistrates and so forth. But surely you are not so ignorant or silly as to thinks that they used japanned tin cash boxes hundreds of years ago to hide*away their treasure in?” "I don’t know. X did liot think of that.” “i am sorry for you. but I may tell you plainly I think you’ll suffer for it. It, will be a matter of--jrnprisohment' least.” ; ^ moment fiotsy alarm, and the tears crept into his eyes; . \- he Incredulously gasped out:— ‘You—you cannot mean that, you’re joking." "I am not. I never was more serious ' in my life. You’ll have to come with me. You've got yourself into an ugly mess, and I can only hope that you will get out ,o'f it safe-” He was shaking like a leaf now; in-;' deed, his agitation became so great that. I had to help him to put on his things. “What a pity I did not tell my wife about it,” he groaned at last, when be was ready to go. “She would have ad vised me rightly.” ' "Did you not tell her even?" "I said nothing about it to anybody.” That only made it look worse. I thought so; but his pallor and pitiable look put a seal on my lips. There was a nice crying match when, his wife and daughter were summoned . and informed of the state of affairs; but there was nothing else for it—he must go and be locked up in gaol like any crclir nary felon. His wife went off in great distress' to-_ tell her minister, while he followed me to the watchmaker’s. The master himself ' had arrived, and from him I learned how it happened that the japanned box had accidentally been broken and thrown out with the sweepings. Great efforts were made to save Nel son' from the ignominy of a public: eon-' viction—for he was really respected by a, very wide circle of acquaintances, and, r believe, at the bottom a good man—hut the offence was of too great a nature to be passed over. Owing to the influence* brought to hear on his case, and some evidence which cropped up to confirm his story, he was not convicted; of theft, but wilful detention of property. He got> thirty days, and I have no doubt came out of prison a wiser and move honest man in the deepest sense of the word. The same evidence which saved him explained how the watch and box came to be buried in the green. Very late on the night before the watch was.found an . ailing resident in an opposite house sa\v —or fancied that he saw—the ghost of'a. man clad in white get out at a low [ window and furtively dig a hole and bury something in it, after which he leaped in again, closed the window, and was seen no more. The window was proved to be that of the;room occupied by Mr Ramsay, and the night on which the ghost emerged from it was the idevri __tion\~ nnp nn ylvch . fos “~i>w ': l*. ’'round the corners like ft steam engine.” With the cunning of a maniac, and under '•.the impression that lie was about to be robbed of his darling watch, he had buried it outside his window. And had he recovered—and no cat died in the flat overhead—it is probable that to this day he would never have known- or remem bered what became of the japanned tin r cash box. “ Dundee Evening Star.”) | A SCHOOL BOY ON POLITENESS In “The Comic Side of School Life,” the following essay on Politeness, by a School Board boy, is given:— POLITENESS. Politeness is rather a difficult thing, especially when you are making a start. Many people haven't got it. I don’t know why, unless it is the start. ' It is not polite to fight little boys, ex cept they throw stones at you. Then you can run after them, and when you’ve caught them, just do a little bit at them, that’s all. Remember that all little boys are simpletons, or they; wouldn’t do it. It is not the thing to make fun of a little chap because he is poorer .than you. Le.t him alone if you don’t,want to play with him, for he is as good as you, except the clothes. When you are in school, and a boy, throws a bit of bread or anything at you over the desks, it js not polite to. put your tongue out at him, or to twiddle' your fingers in front of your nose. Just wait tilt after school, and then warn him what you’ll do next time; or if you find you are bound -to hit him be pretty easy with him. Some boys are very rude over their meals. Don’t keep on eating after yon are tiglitning, and you will be far happier. Never eat quickly, or you might get bones in your throat. My father knows of a boy who got killed over his Sunday dinner. The greedy boy, was picking a rabbit’s.head in a hurry, and swallowed 'one jaw of it ; and my, father says he was choked to death there and then. Be very polite over your meals, then, especially when it’s rabbits. Since my father told me that, I have al ways felt rather queer over a rabbit dinner. It is not polite to leave victuals on your plate, especially anything you don’t like. If you don’t like turnips, it is better to eat well Into yt ur turnips first, while you are hungr: .“U.1 l ,<L'rrar~ptJtH~c0i3t> after. Boys should always be polite Jo girls, however vexing they may be. Girls are not so strong as boys, their hair is long, and their faces are prettier; so you should be gentle with them. If a girl scratches you on the cheek, or spits in your face, don’t punch her, and don’t tell her mother. That would be mean. Just hold her light by the arms, till she feels you could give it her if you had a mind to. THE INQUIRY. Tell me, ye howling cats, that every blamed Keep up'a horrid din until the morning light. Could ye not find some dell. Some valley in the West Where ye could splta nd yell and not disturb my rest? -Along the fence the cats stood up in tow, And from one caterwaul there came the answer, “No.” And. oh, ye Barking dogs, who do your vigils With many dismal howls when I would gladly Tell me, in all your rounds, have ye not found some spot Where ye could bark and growl, and Bran would hear it not? Behind the walls the dogs withdrew, and lo! With one united snarl, sent up the answer, “No." Ye thumping trolly cars, that pass 'and pass Could ye’not make less noise, or must I plead Tell me, ye dogs and cats and thumping trolly Is there no quiet spot except In distant stars? The place you wish to And, camo ^nsweir through the air. Is situated at the other end of nowhere. —“Philadelphia Press,'- * 