'JUST 'LIKE A WOMAK. CHAPTER VI. 'Mine? And you know so little of me after all — only a few ?brief ?-weeks at most. All my life before is a hidden thing from .you. i Suppose there 'were' something there that would make you shrink from me— that would cast me out of your friendship for ev«r ? ' For a moment Paul's brow knitted ; then he sailed. . ' 'What is the usa of putting test questions r? ' he asked, ' almost : derisively. ' The mere ' sugges tion seema an insult to the woman I know you for. Well, suppose it, if you irish. J± anything lay behind, what would it matter? How would that afreet the woman you are to-day ? I know you true and faithful and noble, that is enough for mei See, I'll prove to you what I think of you, my true, faithful friend. I leave in your hands the one precious thing I have in life — my little sweetheart. When I go to Africa, she will have no one left. Will you look after her, and protect her. and have her in youx keeping ? Will you guard my sweetheart from all harm and hurt for me ? 1 can leave her in your care, secure that she will be safe and happy. Will you take the trust, Countess Alda ? — the trust that I would leave to no other living soul ?' ' Eor a moment there was no answer. The band crashed- louder in the rising breeze, the drying leaves on the trees beside them shivered and rustled softly, as if they had secrets to whisper into each other's ears. Thelights down the paths wavered and faltered in the air that sighed like a breath from another world, a chill air, sud denly rising, and sinking as suddenly again. Then the crouch ing grey figure raised its head slowly from its breast, and Alda's voice answered him, answered with a solemnity that web like a vow : 'I take the trust.' '' Ah ! that is so kind, so exactly what I expected from you !' Paul was sensible, somehow, of a sense « of .relief from tension . There had . been something almost tragic ? in that ; moment's pause, ' I knew you would do it, because youare a good, true woman.' ' No, not that I because you have put trust in me — because you have believed me true !' ' Because I know it,', Paul repeated. ' Somehow he had a- vague feeling of having got beyond his depth. The request he had made almost at the moment's impulse seemed to be taken as a dedication vow, might be. His nature light and easy going, impulsive to like or to dislike, seemed suddenly to; have touched unfathomable depth's. He took the ungloved hand, glittering with costly rings, that lay 'beside himr and raised it with admiring . grati tude to his lips. ' Thank you, Countess Alda— thank you more1 than I can ever Bay!' he said. 'You'll, sendTme out to Africa! , with a load taken from my mind.' , The wheel ha-d stopped. ' Down the bright-lighted centre or the ground a crowd of people were laughing and chattering back to . wards the band. Two figures had separated from the rest and cams! sauntering through tha gardens to- ! wards the seat where, ther two were | sitting. Alda rose suddenly to her j feet. ' There' they cotce, Mrs. Merry hew and Miss Broekbank,' she said Her voice was steady mow, aadthe hoarseness had gone. '? Let u'? walk towards them and meet s&em; ; they will miss us unless we do. Paul got up too, ap.dthey-8irolled forward for the few yards that lay between them and the others. 'Dear me, Countess Derrikoff, is that you?' asked Mrs. Merryhew Berviously/ as tbey met. 'Tou _ looklike a ghost coming out of the gloom in that loag -grey cloak. Well, it was very nice, and we did not stick fast after all, you see. Do you think we should be thinking of , moving? It seems to have grown so chilly all at once. I'm. rather glad we're safely down! It would be terrible up at the top there if it .'really, turned cold— wouldn't it; ?^Miss Brockbank ?' , ' ? '- Oh, I don't know ,t Iv thought it was a disappointment,' laughed Letty gaily. ' There was so little qensation about it, after all.' She was standing close to Paul, -' f.nd the lights fell on her laughing face and the fond smile sho cast at him. ?'Did you wish you had come with us Paul?. Did you find the . time long -without me ?' she dropped her voice to ask archly, , Alda heard the' whisper and saw the look. ' Yes, it is time io go,' she said ' dreamily. ' It is ali fiver, all done.' She began to v.-a;'.c back along the path they had come, and the rest 'Wf-rifc with bcr, sauntering ' Iei3urly and, talking as they went. Half-way down she put out her hand with that graceful itnperious ness that sat so charmingly on her. 'Ko w sweet your reset? smell, Miss Brockbank !' she said evenly. ' I have a fancy for v.hera. May I take them ?' and without* waiting for Letty's response, she took them from her waistband and placed them in her own. They had joaf.- reached the open _ ing of that d unky pathway by the jutting corner of artificial rock. She stopped ;u;d waived them en ?with the little qiimuiy gesture. 12c one ever gainsaid. 11 Go on. There ia someone wait ing here with a message,' she said. ?' Yon can wait for me by the band etaawi — 110, not here, please; I would rather not.' . 'lbs,! obeyed ker, rather surprised, but. not protesting. No one ever protested when Countess Alda annctipced her will. She stood at the (ia.*k and silent entrance watch ing fc'fl'eh* alow progress between the roW«f lights, till at last their figures *'aded into the dancing shailc-rs at the end. Her lips were moving-, and in her beautiful eyes therfc 'ahene a light ao one had ever seen 'fchera before — tha light of a soul awa,kened to it own noblest self. ? 'Because, if yeu knavr, you would abhor me 1' she whispered; j ' Because, not knowing, you trust, I and you believe.' ? She drew. long, deep breath, aay very gently raised her hand, and pressed her lips tenderly and lingeringly on the spot his lips had touched. Then, with a quick gesture, she flung back the grey cloak from her1 shoulders, so that the red and yellow roses showed clear and glowing at her waist, and, turning, she stepped into the dusky, silent path between the shrubs. . 'Isn't that Paul Bertram ?' It was a lounger in a Swiss hotel lobby who asked the question of a fellow countryman, as they Btood and watched with interest the new arrivals aad their luggage, on a showery afternoon when there was nothing much to do. ' Bertram ? yss ; and Mrs, Ber tram, I suppose. I saw the wedding announced in t.se 'papers a few weeks ago, and those new dress hampers betray the honeymo«m. She's a plucky little girl, I hear, who stuck to him through his mis fortunes, and now shares his luck : in the good old fairy-tale style. Well, he deserves something after all the hard knocks he's had.' ' Let me see, hasn't he come into money? Eomantically, too, I think they say.' 'As romantically as he lest it. He waa swindled out of bis in heritance by a. vulgar adventuress, who's now enjoying her ill-gottoa. gains somewhere in secret. .Mow* he's been left a pot of money by a beautiful woman, who apparently must have been in love with him — lncky fellow that he is ! Beautiful, clever, popular, wealthy. The wonder is he didn't throw over this little girl when he had the chance of a woman like Couatess Alda Derrikoff f or his wife.' ,.... ' Coumtess Derrikoff ? Not that charming Polish countess I met in town last season ? Surely she can't be dead!' 'Yes ; it's a gruesome story. She was found Btabbed to the heart one evening in the gardensof the Earl's Court' Exhibition. A horrible, tragedy'in commonplace surround ings ! There were clear traces that showed it to be the work of ponio Nihilist society, ao the police say. No doubl, she was a member of it ; one ne«sx- knows ho*? foreigners are mixed up ia these things. Her will left everything to Bertram. Of course there ccmld only be one reason for ti&t.; A Queen of Diamonds they called her, poor creature! IS 0 doubt she would have sold that iiife to be a Queen of Hearts!' THE SJfD. ? ' ' ...' ,??'?? 