THIED DAY,;THUESDAY. ;- i The, subject before the meetings in. connec tion . with ??.??the ? United Christian Convention; yesterday was '? Pentecostal Christianity — H6'' to Obtain 'It. The attendance at' all the - meetings, throughout the day was good,, being an improvement 'on .that of the previous days. The Eev, , E. Masterman presided ,at the T o'clock /morning prayer-meeti ng, held at the Centenary Hall: ???-. ' : ;- .; - ' At the Bible reading at 10.30 the.Eev. John - Watsford. presided, and; the llevs. . M.,Eeavley, . Dr. Porter, , and P. J. Stephen delivered appro priate, addresses on the subject of the day. The meeting for business men' and women was presided over by Mr. W. Winn.- . The llev.. John Watsford, basing his -remarks 011 ; the ? ' Constraining Love of. Christ,'1 delivered an earnest address. . The Eev. D. O'Donnell presided at the after noon meeting. About thirty ministers of various denominations.. in. the city and suburbs ? were present on the .platform and among the audience. The chairman, read Psalm xci.r which he designated a description' of the house in which God's' people- lived. ^ ' K. The Eev. John ? Watsford, in dealing; with the ? subject of ' How to Obtain Pentecostal Christi anity,' said humanly speaking it was ini- ? possible a man should ever cease from sin and obtain- the blessing ; but through God's Holy ' Spirit, it was possible. For that Christ died, . and for that the Holy Ghost -was given, and because of that they were commanded to;be filled with the Spirit. ' Without holiness none ? could see God; therefore must' they obtain it . through . faith and ,; through obedience and through trust in God.: -.' . .'' '. ,. '-...,. The llev. S. C. Kent followed with an. address upon 'similar ? lines, showing '? how with many Christians it had been -Christ on the - cross and self ;on the throne, as a dear friend of his had said it used to be in his case, but now it was self on the cross and Christ 011 the throne. . ''At 5.15 a number of visitors from the city .and 'suburbs had tea together, and a conference on the subject of the day followed. . :? The evening meeting was, -the most successful yet held in point of attendance. The Eev. D. . \- O'Donnell again presided. ; Colonel Estell (Salvation Army) delivered an address on the conditions necessary to the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. The Eev. A. W. Webb detailed his conversion, his experience of Christian life and ministry, and said he was faithful in his work, but he ? was thoughtful about his reputation. But there came a change which was the most won derful in his life. He had related his experi ence to encourage others to go in for this great blessing, and if they knew as he knew how it meant the subjugation of. self and the fulness of joy in the Holy Ghost they would not rest content without it. The meeting closed with the Doxology, and an after meeting followed, which, was largely .attended. . ? - . '?....' ? 