^iil MM. by *bfi:E;Atr?r^6ja ©f 'once fob all,' '-?T&Bi;'-TtraN OE» THS TIDE.' v u :t BOOKIIL CHAPTER V:-'OOn WTTTT US.' The night qame, not dark, for there was a moooi^jat obacare, f or there was a thick white mist lying over Sedgemoor, which favored those who, like many of Monmouth's men, knew the district well, while it was against the royat captains, ' At eleven on the Sunday night, the march to the moor began. King Monmouth led the foot, and close to him Geof fry Scotf a'iia Arthur Alms rode together,' and behind, them came 'the Combrin men.' John Rugg'e left arm was of no use, but he said he 'would fight with his right, please God.' Will Pager was there, of course; for he said that . . he was - safer oii Sedgemoor with John Rugg than he.woulfl be in Bridgwater without him. ' He was not a brave man, Paget, and all his catapaigjiing had not taught him to pretend to be fcourageous just on the eve of a battle, but he -flattered himself that he was a fine critic of bravery. Nickey Willes was with the army, loo; but he had been taken in charge ?by one of the men who had charge of the am munition waggons, and these were to remain at vthe edge of the moor, out of danger; but the lad's' ejres wept as well as his mouth when he saw, John Rugg go on without him. Very seldom has a great company of men gene so quietly. Silence had been prescribed; but even without the order there would have been stillness, for these mefiL took a stern view of the affair, and went out to battle not with laugh and song on their lips, as old 6oldiers who are death's familiars might have done. Besides, the fog made the night seem dumb, for sound did not travel, and the men -who were ahead in War Lane were not seen by those who were twenty paces behind. It was more like a funeral procession than like an army going to battle, and the way that the mist swallowed them up was ominous. . The battle *-f Sedgemoor was not by any means a -great battle. - It was a fight between two ihconTpetencies. There was stupidity in command' on both sides. First Peversham, who had an able man under him, was jealous' of him; so Churchill, except that he acted his part better, might just as well have been a fool. . The royal forces, too, having such a lea der, proved themselves worthy of him by drinking ' far too much cider, and would have been an easy prey to a surprise. They ought, under these circumstances, to have been beaten. But imagine a leader who was fighting in a country full of broad ditches, some only nine feet wide at the top, but some much wider, not knowing how many of these lay between him and his en^'my! A man laying siege to a castle might a$ prudently ignore tiie existence ? of a moat. But tfhis was Monmouth's posi tion. He was aware that there were two rhynes, the Black Ditch and the Langmoor Ditch; but of the important one, the Sussex Rhyne, which protected -the King's camp, he knew nothing. Imagine, too. a general trust ing to a guide who loses his way in a fog — which is as common on these moors as a clear sky is in June. Then you have some idea how Feversham's numbskulledness and the Ghed zoyr cider were counteracted on the other side, and how, as we say, it was a battle of all the follies. But even with the blundering guide, they were close to the Horse Guards before they were discovered. Here the mist helped the rebels. The sentries only saw that there was an immense multitude emerging out of the fog, and their fearful imaginations exagger ated the numbers to follow. Now, however, the alarm was given. Those who had first seen Monmouth's troops hurried hither and hither with the news, and soon the night was noisy with drums bea13ng to arms and bugles blowing to ihorse. Now came Lord Grey's charge, which was to begin the rout of the royal forces if any thing would. As yet everything was confu sion in the royal encampment— the only thing ? in the Royalists' favor was that Feversham was still in bed; a push-home now would turn . the confusion into a melee, and a melee might easily We turned into a massacre. Everything hung upon that big moment. As yet, barr ing a pistol shot (the weapon had been dis charged .oy accident) there had been no noise amongst the rebels. They moved like ghosts through the gloom. But now Lord Grey shout ed 'Charge!' other loud voices shouted ' 'Charge,'- and the mist was rent by a cheer .. and the cry of ''God with us!' On plunged the horses— charging the enemy — which was on the other side of the impass able Bussex Rhyne. They were face to face with the King's infantry,, with nothing but a ditch. between them, but it was a ditch which could not be crossed except ait a causeway, and no one seemed to know where the causeway was.1 There were .some wordy challenges over the ditch, some defiant cheering, and then the infantry opened fire, &nd; Grey's cavalry, as was their wont, galloped away hither and thither. Thus ended the achievements of Grey'« horse. They -had scamperea home from Bridport and been blown away like chaff at Keyhsham. and now had gallantly charged a ditch and departed. . But their going had, at any rate, made room for Ifte foot. under ^ Monmouth, -wtio came up now. . Jtanyrof taem were muttering, 'God with us,' and one or two relegated Grey to the devil. It was a surprise to Mohniouth to v;find his enemies moated round, by a- rhyne. of which no one had in , formed' ™m. However, when the infantry were 'stopped' by the ditch, at any rate tiiey fired their pieces, which was more than Grey's men had done.- Nay, more, when they had done that and stood the fire of the royal infan-; try, they loaded again, and again fired. r They still 'kept muttering, and sometimes shouting, 'God with ub!' and loaded again. They stood as firm as rocks. But the damage that could/be done by Lord Grey's -4vafry was not, finished./ Some -tf them had faced the Life G&iards; f or an insfcaiit as they rode towards the' Bussex Rhynej where musketry had for a deadly half hour been shattering the thick air, but only for an . 'instant, and then they put their one piece of tactics into play and scampered away. But the panic which these flying horsemen spread carried away the men who had been left on the edge of the moor in charge of the ammuni tion waggons; and these men, thinking that . all was over, -drove off to save themselves. But at that instant others were thinking of the same thing. Monmeuth had done well. His voice had steadied the' ranks; his example, wilh-*aroadsword on horse and pike on foot, had won cheers for him from his men if they hafl haS time to; cheer. But as their lips 'were ' 'set, th«g$3iad©lJl^ time to ;load and -fire- and fire for toe mo?t fcart over the heads of &ei;* enemies as novices imostly So. But now Mon-- Jiiputh,, (knowing that &e; ammunition had gone, hearing .the into crying for it 'for God'S sake,' and seeing, too, that the day was going to break, understood that the battle was fought and lost. ?? Feyersham had been asleep; luckily 'Jot the ? Kitig, r Sana Churchill had broufcatSisJ^ui toi&ax; on the battle. Tti& dajr would seie the &uii;!Sa3Li£ the drama. Hfe safr thafeif lie was 4p escape It must be now/. He forgot h}e ^roinise to eeal the truths for 'whlfeh he roughs wi«i iiis Wood, if need be. Life^ seemed 'very pfteclbus to him at the in st&at;* even /without ? a, throne. He threw aviray a blooay isikei? inch tie had in his hand, and mounted hjs noise, and was about to tarn Its ^heaa &i;»e ^rafeitfBFL: which led pjr^r the Black Ditch. '? v-But tjto^^was *omethiag^ titeSt prevented him. ' .iiJSiere ^was a hand '^on ISis ; horse^br^e;^-»M»fe* «ne held it eo that hfe ly! ^0jf^' ''fW Mtotooutii, impatient tor?' ^W ,'^!^f^: you- turned ttai 'No, youi' Grace; i^pdaici prevent vour g«' ^'ting Aat nataejf .For GodTe ^ag do^not go; Yoh Mve'seen these mett'-and SLJSt^S^ imaa to Where tiie firing stiU flAehed 6tit and rattled along the line-'fight likeheioea, Wlll^bu leave |hli now? They? are dying for you by hundreds; would you save your own life?' - 'Unhand me!' cried the Duke7 If you will not think of them, think of yourself What will men say of the Duke of Monmouth, who skulkea .from the battle and left hundreds who were fighting for him to die for him ? Your Grace has a name for cou rage. Will you throw that away for a few hours of life, and it may be a worse death than one here among Brave men?' ? : 'Boy!' cried Monmouth, striking his spurs mto his horse, 'lef goTthe reins. ~ What! ? you wiu uui: uei go, 1 say,;' and drawing his sword he gave a cut .at Arthur's arm. He dropped his hold, and Monmouth's horse car ried him away as the first rays of light began to 6hoot level arrows over the plain. Arthur Alms ran back to his place beside John Rugg and Will Paget. The Somerset men knew that they were deserted fj' their leaders. The Life Guards came upon them on the right, the Blues on the left; 'God with us!' they whispered and stood firm- as -veterans,, op posing scythes on poles and the butt ends of ?muskets, for their ammunition was all spent, to the .toeat troops of the King. And even with these disadvantages, they repulsed the royal troops repeatedly. : But what could be the end of such an un equal struggle? They cried for ammunition, but the waggons, as we know, were miles away; and while they got further off, the royal artillery came nearer, 'dragged by the. Bishop of Winchester. , His Lordship had given the coup de grace to the war. When the great guns opened their mouth, the rebels began to waver. Their ranks broke, and then the cavalry charged again, and those who re mained there were dead men. As for the rest, many, knowing the country of the irhynes better than the King'-s ?troopv were able to make their escape. But already there were a thousand of .the rebels lying dead on Sedge moor, and it was fairly creditable to Mon mouth's men that they had slain three hun dred of those that were opposed to them. Of those in whom we :; are interested in these pages yttle has to be told. They had done - as ' 'wsell as many brave fellows who sleep there in, Sedg mbor unepitaphed. Some of them had fared better than these. Arthur Alms was taken up for dead, and followed sorrowfully by Will Paget, who had come scatheless out of that last of indigenous English battles, to Bridg-. water. What had become of John Rugg Will did not know; but he assumed, he was one oi those who would not, as he said, 'budge from Sedgemoor.' But that was. an erroneous surmise. John Rugg remained in his place, lumpish even in his courage, until the last, and then he made his way with the rest, who were running to where the causeway crosses the Langmoor Rhyne. But up to this point they were closely followed, and had. to turn and face the Life Guards, who came clattering be hind them. John Rugg ran well, but he heard the thundering thud of the horses' hoofs as they came through the moist land. Then it was that he was sorely tempted of the devil. Just when he came to the causeway he saw his enemy, Captain Scott, whose horse had been shot under him, and who was running lame — for he -had been woundefi in the leg by a bayonet thrust— at bay upon 'his feet before a great Life Guardsman on his horse. That was the man who, as John Rugg told himself, had taken Martha away |rom him— the man who only two days ago had tried to*, take his life. Besides, John Rugg had only one arm. All these suggestions which tempted John Rugg to leave his enemy to his certain fate at the hands of that guardsman came from the devil, as John knew; an seeing that his ene my was getting tlfe worst of it, he put Satan behind him for the nonce, and acted upon a suggestion which was of God,' and ran to where they were in conflict, and with his right hand he tilted 'the great dragoon from' his horse, and he, falling on his head, lay still. 'John Rugg!' cried Geoffry Scott. 'You only just came in time. You have broken that man's neck ? No. You get on the horse;' for John Rugg, still acting on the thought which came from God, was holding the stirrup of the guardsman's horse for GeofiCry to mount. But John Rugg' only shook his head and muttered, 'No tune to lose.' And that was, so. The guards were dose on them, and thus urged, Geoffry mounted, and was soon gallop ing in the direction of Bridgwater. But John Rugg— well, he^ escaped too, and made his way, walking day* and night, forget ting all about his wounds, and remembering only Martha Croombe, towards Lyme. 