A REPENTANT G110ST. 44 So you actually believe in ghosts ? ’ rc narked Charlie Bei»vorK.intenogatively,with au tmount of flippancy in his tone, and au amused mile, on his nil her boyish Inc?*, to his elder and uore sedate friend Kobeit Border, as they svt ogether in the former’s cotnfortablo bachelor ■ooms oue evening towards the close of the last nonth of the year, discussing a choicfr bleud of vbifikv (judiciously commingled with poturs), md blowing curly blue wreaths from uoim icaehable cigais, " I am bound to belitve iu them,” replied the ithcr in all Henousurss, “ What ? Do you mean to eay that you have een one ?’’ 44 Decidedly ; I may say I almost owe my fife to a Spook.’’ M Come, I say, old man, draw it a little nild !” “ I’ll tell you the story if you like. But mind, : very rarely mention the subject. I don’t care vbout it talked about anywhere and everywhere. Eou understand ?” 44 Perfectly," said Charlie, all eagerness for ;he recital. “ Go ahead. I'll be as mum as i-a-a rrhat’s its name.” “ Well, you must know beforo I sreured 'through the influence of my father-in- law; my present position hi manager of the bank here, l was pursuing the calling of an accountant in Cerchcster. .After three years’hard labour I 3cg*ti to feel ray fret aud think I might venture to uak a certain young lady to share my future iot. 1 was tolerably sure that 1 should meet with no rebuff from rnr darling, but there w»a i stern parent to be reckoned with. 44 I had made the acquaintance of Mr. Mat!hew Turnover, head of the respected and old crusted banking-house of Turnover Bro thers,and Chrckvvell, through ordinal3* business intercourse, and we became iu lima on quite intimate terms. 1 frequently spent iny Sun days at his charming residence in ihe park. He had an only daughter. Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, 1 put the momentous question to the dear girl and achieved the success I plead guilty to have been raiu onough to anticipate. 44 Then followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced u« surprise when 1 told him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing two impressionable young pet-pie together. Hr was straightforward enough. Told m*, al though be hud certainly cherisLed more ambi tious views for his Only child, it whs not his in tent ion to try to enforce his id ms if they wert likely to interfsre with his daugh ter's happiness. Still, ho whs bonne to consider the important ques tion of vrmys and nio»nn, uiul though Of progress in my profession—if such it could bt called—he at the same time did not considei the income I was then earning sufficiently larg< to justify-mu in taking upon ruyself the rrs ponsibility of a wife and probable contingencies •* He wound up by saying : 41 4 Although Eleanor, as you know, is »t ouly child, shn will not. materially- bevetil through mo on her marriage, as it is my lixei intention to withdraw no sum of consequents from the bank. My share of the profits—ex cept so much of it ms I require to live upon— remains iu the concern until rny time comes loi quitting this world, then, of course, Kleaiioi will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or litlcen vrai. longer of useful life. My advice therefoio ti you, is go ou working as you have done hither to, and, 111 threw years say, you can broad the subject again, and if Elly should be still ii Lhe same mind regarding yourself, why we maj perhaps see if matters cannot be arranged. Ii the meantime, there will bo—at ull events 01 my part—no difference in our friendship ; there’s my band upon it/ 44 You may guess I did not feel eitraragantlj jubilant over the arrangement. Three year seemed an awful long time to wait. But i ha the fullest faith in Eleanor’s coB«taucy. How ever, I will get on to the finish; I don’t wish tt bore you with too many personal details. 44 About eight months had gone by, when one day ia the middle of December, Mr. Tumovei hastily entered my unpretentious office. Tin old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, aud il was some momenta attar being seated that fit was able to speak. 441 anxiously iuquired if ho were ill, or waf anything wrong at homo ? 44 4 No—no one ill,’ he said, slowly. * Tht bank has been robbed.’ 44 4 Bobbed !* I exclaimed. 4 Phew I Harr the thieves been caught ?’ 44 4 You don’t understand. The robbery ii from inside. The chief cushier.* 44 ‘What 1 Bradley I cried, iu the greatest astonishment. 44 The peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea er, regular chapel-goer, and 1 don’t know what besides. 44 4 Ay I The smooth-tongued hypocrite,1 said Mr. Turnover, with considerable emphasis, 4 And he’s got a good twenty-four hours’ start. He was away on short leave.’ 44 4 What is the amount ?’ I asked. 44 4 A very considerable sum in convertible securities unfortunately. Anything like the exact amount, however, is not yet known. That is mainly why 1 have come to you.’ 44 4 Yes. I want you to come to the bank and go through the books—his books, you know —as expeditiously a» possible. Wo wish to keep the affair secret—that is, as long as possible. Will you come ?’ • i* And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously. “ Then thinking, perhaps, I seemed to hesi tate, he added, significantly, 4 It may be worth your while.’ “ 4 I am at your service, Mr. Turnover,’ I in stantly replied. 4 When do you wish me to be gin ?’ 44 4 To-night. Are you willing to work late ; I mean,in fact,all night if necessary t Will yoi: do me this favour ?’ 44 4 You may command me in any way yoi Tike, Mr. Turnover,’I said. Truth to tell, ar idea fiashod across my raiud that I might decidt to ask a Favour of him iu return after tht present annoying business was over and dont 44 My future father in-law rose from his seat, “ *\ am very pleased you have consented tc ,belp me so readily, because we can rely upot 'jour discretion and absolute silence.’ I bowed ! «» t Then meet me ia Duke-strcet, by tbr [Cosmopolitan* Hotel, at six sharp, and we will 'go to the bank together.’ ! 441 was at the place appointed ju$Jb as the 1 first stroke’of the hour rang out on the deal ifroaty air, and waa almost immediately joined (byJgir#Xurnovcr, . I' u As soon ns wo were seated in the hank par* i i lour Mr. Turnover liMidcd me a letter,remarking ! that the missing Bradley hud caused it to bo iledvt rod in *. somewhat mysterious manner, j •* When l Trail tho note Mr. Turnover asked ' my rpinion of it. I suit! : | »• ‘The i'ello .v is coni certainly,but I infer from | what lie writ's—if it is the truth, of course— j that Lh* re has hern no systomaticenibr zz'emont j going forward for some time ; that, iu fact, he ; ! committed tho theft in a Midden fit of tempt a- j tion. 1 see he mentions sixty-right thousand.* | j “ * Yes, that is quite enough without the ; probability of more having to he added to it. I : tnifct your surmise will turn out correct. Let ub * gt t to wotk without delay.* 1 *“ We worked unremittingly till ten, falling to discover any defalcations beyond those al ready known. This was so fur satisfactory Chat Mr. J urnover confessed be felt much relieved and suggested an adjournment to a neighbour i iug first-class' hotel—his club being too far away—to recruit exhausted nature. We were let out by the bank caretaker through 11 small side door, aud told him to re main up till we returned, “ Having done justice to an excellent lit lo cold snack, washed down by a bottle of vtiy excellent port, I told my companion there was no need whatever for him to go back to tho bauk with ins, aa 1 could do well enough with out him —at all events for the remainder of that night. He assented, telling me not to stay very “ When I got to the bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing t« discover, extended evidence of guilt in the absconding cashier’s book. By this time, although tho night was cold outside, the room I was working in began, by reason of the many gas jets burn ing, to grow uncomfortably warm. I began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small clock on the mantelpiece, I dropped into an inviting easy- chair, aud felt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but as I had no iuteation that way, I struggled against the inclination by raising mj heavy eye lids at frequeut intervals. ** 1 heard a neighbouring church clock boom forth tbe midnight hour, and, opening my eyes, whb just on the point of rising from my com fortable position with the intention of rrsuming work for another half hour, when I saw gome* thing that deterred me ; kept me, in fact, spell J hound in my seat. Tbere.right before me a few ! yards away, appeared the spectral form of j 'VVestcott Bradley, the defaulting cashier. ! “ There was a sad—I might almost describe i it ns a chastened look on tho ghastly fan* as ; though the spirit was experiencing profound ; contrition for some misdeed the body had com | mitted during life. | - ** I once more closed my eyes, thinking that when I looked again the thing would have van ; Isfaed. But no 1 There was the ihadowy figure j commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its i transparent arm raised, the fUshless bund with | its bony lingers beckoning mo to follow. It re i minded mo of Hamlet aud the ghost on the j castle ramparts, only i assure you I felt precious little like tho impetuous Prince ; I required no holding back. 1 tried to speak, but the words 1 framed with my dry lips were inaudible even to myself. A* soon as the shade reached the open door leading into I be main room, I arose mechfubually as though impelled by dome unseen power, aud went with bated breath after the still slowly retreating appari tion, It continued to ware it* ghostly hand until the massive iiou door which ltd to the vault below, win-re the bullion and securities were kept in huge rafts,or rather strong rooms, was reached, i quite i x pec ted to see the figure molt away in tho orthodox manner. But a trifling obstruction of this kind was na barrier t<* the melancholy spirit of the peccant cashier. With an intense lingering IsrI look of anguish and a final w»v« of tho arm more emphatiu than previously, it Min ply, as it seemed to my be wildered gaze, backed through tbe solid iron.* work. I cau assure you 1 felt considerably re lieved on being rid of the apparition. Further work wis, of course, out of the question, so I summoned the caretaker to let me out, impart ing nothing whatever to him regarding the strango experii nee 1 bad just gone through. “ Next mornii g I calie.d upon Mr. Turnover before he left home, and recounted to him what had taken place iu his bank the uight before. I was not in tbe least surprised at my story Le« iag nceived with a smile of incredulity. “ • My dear Fortier/ said tbo wo:thy, but un believing banker, * you, of course, fell asleep in the chair and dreamed all this/ “ ‘ Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover/ i annwemt, warmly. “ Still, the old gentleman remained uncon* “ ‘Remember/ he went on banteringly, ‘ you had psrtakeu of supper and wiue—generous olrl port ? ’ “ However, to bring my story within reason ubio bounds, I wilt just say that by the time we had arrived at the bauk I’had almost couviucec Mr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of bi> delinquent servant ; aud he agreed, at my re quest, that we should visit tie v<>u!t togiihir, * though surely/ observed be, * you don’t expect to encounter your ead-Faced Spook agaiu, 6c early in the day ? ’ “ When we had gGt down below and turnec up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to op* c two large upright safes standing against the wall. 44 4 Everything seems as usual/ he remarked, after aarviying the interiors. 4 Your spirit evidently had no particular tale to unfold, even if you had bteu abie to accompauy him hert last sight/ 44 4 Why did it beckou to me so earnest!} in this dincliouP* I remarked. 4 Hv the way/ I added quickly, as inj sceptical companies went about securing the safes again/ what of the big one over there to the left ; aren’t you going to open that ?’ 44 * Ob/ he answered carelessly, * that is an old one not iu use ; has not been opened, 1 should say,for several yeais. It is empty/ “ ‘I suppo.-e there is no objection to me hav ing a peep inside ?’ 4-‘ ‘.Not the slightest. There is the k«y on tin wall there 1’ “ I handed it to him, and ho at once inserted it in tbe lock, while 1 stood by ready to pull tin massive door aside. 41 ‘Dear me/ remarked Mr. Turnover, in sur prise, as the wards worked quite easily, 4 ] certainly expected >«'me difficulty/ “ I pulled at Ifr heavy dqor, which swuug quite smoothly, jusv sh if it had been opened daily with the other?. “ The next moment an exclamation ol horrified surprise fell from the banker s lips, iu he started buck several paces from before the front of the safe. 44 I instantly sprang forward from behind the poodeious door, and followed the directian ol my father-in-law's dilated eyes. ** Well might the old geutleman be strong!} affected ! “ There, on tho circumscribed space of the floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was distorted aud horrible tc look upon ! The stariug eyeballs and protrud ing tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation. *4 4 Bradley !’ ” I exclaimed, rs soon as I could find breath enough^ _ . 414 Yes, it is , Westcott Bradley,’said Mr. Turnover, iu a lowly, husky w bit per. 44 There was no doubt about it. The sicken ing spectacle upon which he gazed constituted the mortal remains of the man who had be trayed the trust reposed in him fry his employ ed. When the body came to he removed to a place to awtifc the Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket-books containing the proceeds intact of tho cashier’s appropria tions were discovered. Bo the bank really lost nothing, and 1 gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than 1 should otherwise have done. Mr. Turnover was kiad enough to soy that,as I had Wui of recovering tfaa baak> missing securities, I ought to have my reword. I got it, and have never regretted for a singto moment taking it. Nothing much was elicitr d at the inquest except the information that the lock of the <lis-used strong room norked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Brad ley, who had evidently been using the safe for his own purposes, had o|vcncd the f»or, tlion hung up the key in its accustomed place, gone inside, and in a moment of forgetfulness let the door come on the spring, and so made the receptacle for concealing his plunder his liviug 