THE SIGN OF THE CROSS. (By La lit Cook ne Tennessee olaelin.) The Sign of the Cro-s is the most universal and the least generally understood of a'l the mystic symbols that have come down to us through tbe lapse of infinite ages. We are ac- castomed to identify it with Christ and Christianity alone, as though it had originated with tbem. Y'et ten thousand proofs exist that it was simply appropriated to these just as it had previously been claimed by every great religious cult that made its appearance in the world. A distinguished writer in his essay In the Edinbugh Review, nearly 30 years ago, on "The Pre-Cbristian Cross,' says: 'From the dawn of organised Pagan I'm in the eastern world, to the final establishment of Christianity in the western, the Cross was undoubtedly one of the commonest and ni'-8t sicred of symboli cal monument5, and, to a remarkable extent, it is so still iu almost every land where that nf Calvary is unrecognized or unknown. Apart from any distinctions of social or intellectual superiority of caste, colour, natiooalityor location in either hemisphere, it appears to have been the aboriginal pos-e-siun of every people in anti quity ; the elastic girdle, so to say, which em braced the most wide'y separated heathen com munities i the mo?t significant token of a uni versal brotherhood ; the principal point of con tact in every system of pagan mythology. That mighty maze, bat not without a plan, to' which all the families of mankind were severally and irresistibly drawn, and by which their common descent was emphatically . expressed, or by means of which each and all preserved, amid every vicissitude of fortune, a knowledge of the primeval happiness and dignity of their species. Where authentio history le silent on the subject, the material relics of the- paBt and Jong since forgotten races are not wanting to con firm and strengthen this superstition. DiversD fied forms of the symbol are delineated more or less artistically, according to the ; progress achieved in civilization at the period, on the' rained walls «f temples and palaces, on natural rocks and sepulchral galleries, on the' hoariest monoliths and the rudest statuary : on coins, medals, and vases of every description ; and, in not a few instance5, are preserved in tbe archi tectural proportions of subterranean structures of tumuli as well as fanes; The extraordinary sanctity attaching to' the symbol, in every age and under every v-riety of circ-tmstaoce, justified any expenditure incurred in its fab rication or embellishment ; hence the most per sistent labour, the most consummate. ingenuity were lavished upon it.' What then was the original meaning' of the symbol, _ or symbols, which has been the warp into which all the threads of every religion hive been woven ? In order to solve this question, a multitude of facts aro to be considered, all pointing to the same conclusion, no matter how grossly exhibited or how mystically di-guised. It is the sign of generation, whether divine or human, the emblem of the ever-vigorous fecun- dity of nature, and therefore, of the life that is and that which is to come. It denotes the universal vivifying power, sometimes assnciit-d with the rao't obscene riles, at others refined into a spiritual reg-noratioo, and thus typi fying a future immortality and a state of never- ending bliss. It was consequently adapted to all t-orts and condition5 of men, and became as universal as life itself. One of the earliest com plete types_ known is the crux ansita formed like a I", with an oval or circlet resting upon it Singly they typify the msle and fetnalo organs together they may denote goodness, hope, felicity, or the life to come. The crux ausata is commonly found sculptured on Egyptian and Coptic monuments, and the mystical Tau sym bolized ' the hidden wisdom' of tho Chsldeaus of the ancient Egyptians, Indians, Peruvians, Americans, and of every ancient people in both hemispheres. Humboldt found in remote Katn- schatka tho cross and other -rude -rsrasin3- of ! the wslls; and. tombs of king. Planted on the ' frustrum of a coua the simple T represents go.,fl. I ness ; 'Springing from a heart or on the bres«t ' of s mummy, it denotes hope or expectation of i reward. The two colossal statues from Eister ! Island may be seen it the British Museum and on the backs of each the same sign is rudely engraved. ' : As with this, which was the conventional so with tbe ovoid or circle, sometimes called the egg 'or the eye. It denoted the female principal and covered the vestments, of the Epbesiaii Diana, and the Assyrian Mylitta, in whose Temple all the :<vomen were bound to prostitute themselves to strangers. The robes of the darkskinned, mother goddess of India were similarly' attorned, as 'were the tails of Juno's birds which drew her chariot through the heavens. We are told that the worship of Juno was universal, that tbe Empire of Jupiter was small compared to-hers. As Ilytha, sometimes called her daughter, : she was the goddess, of birth in Arcaidia was Isis in Egypt, and Juno Lucina of the : Latins. Ilytha was also the same as Diana, Venus Lubentia, Geoetillis who arose from the sea. Juno was not only queen of heaven, presiding over mart iage and child birth, the patron of sexual virtue, and punisber of lewdness in matrons, but was also tbe goodness of all : empire, and tbe disppnser of riches.. In like manner Venos among her various titles . was surnamed " Teless?gama, because she presided over marriage, and Phallomeda, Jrom her affection for tho phallus. The ovoid form of the upper member of tbe crux ausata was sometimes displayed tu a handle,. as in the Thebau catacombs and on a Babylonian cyclinder. On a stele from Khoisv. bad, an eaoleheaded mm holds tbe circle in his right band, and tbe tau in bis left. In the ophite bierograms which remind of an era of widespread serpent worship. it is depicted as a pennate circle, and is a circle is borne in the claws of the flying Scatabeus, the sacred em blem of Rehab, and is found sculptured from Europe to Mexico. In a modified form and joined with the tau it is the oldest ensign of majesty in India, and is commonly found in the hands of Brahma, Vishnu, and Siva. In Christian Europe it is adopted by every poten tate, including our Queen, as a symbol of royalty,' whose coronation orb surmounted by a pectoral cross is nothing more than the embodi ment of the traditional crux ansata. The Rev William Easlam, in his work ' The Cross and the Serpent,' gives a curious and fanciful explanation of these facta. He says : 'I have suggested that the Cross was con ceived when the redemption of man was de signed. 1 cannot doubt that it was revealed with the prophecies. It was in prophecy, as it is now, an outward sign of an inward mystery, connected with a promise. It was the sign and pledge of. that promise, aod as such, in whatever sense the outward observer regarded.!!, there seems -li' tie doubt but that to the initiated it wib a holy, and blessed sign of hope in a fallen age ; and l a pledge of the promise of light in a period of darkuess." In another passage he waxes still bolder : : "The Cross was known to Noah before the Disper sion, and evi-n before- the flood ; and I will venture yet further, and say the Cross was knowu to Adam ; and that the knowledge as a sacred sign . wis imparted to bim by tbe Almighty." ; .. i. .... . We may admire the enthusiasm which sug gests all tbi?. and which is eminently theolo gical and clerical, but unfortunately tho pitriarclts and prophets never once referred to the Sign of the Uros", and tbe Hebrew and - Samiritan Scriptures are equally silent They were, however, thoroughly familiar with it, as it formed in their days a significiant part of all Pagan worship. Of all its many formB, ' there is not one among them,' says the Edin burgh reviewer, 'the existence of which may be traced to tbe remotest antiquity,' and we might add, : nor the causes of whose variance cannot also be traced The Maltese Cross — the battle-axe of Thor, originally four huge phalli carved ont of the solid rock, but after wards metamorphosed by the virtuous koights of St John, or the Cross of St. George which marks the English flag, and every other, is nothing more or less than a Phallic symbol. Rude, upright stones, especially those of a conical form, appear tu have been the earliest objects of worship by mankind, and their assistance by contact of produce fruitfulness is still invoked : by women in many parts of tho world. In every mythology the cone was the emblem ' of the mother of heaven, whatsoever ber name, and 'every' altar and high. place of hers was originally conical or pyramidal. One stone standing upon another, or inserted in the earth, represented a rude cross. The mystical tree, ' the tree of . life,' was. alsn represented in the form of a cross, or by- the hieratic sigh of the deity acro-s tbestem. Every circumstanco pertaining to this was peculiarly phallic. When serpent worship began to supereede tree worship, ophite emblems we're of a similar nature. The serpent with its tail in ita mouth has tbe same significance as tbe crux ansata. When, at a later stage of civilization, the worship of the moon and ann successfully prevailed, and the followers of the sun made war upon those of the ' Great Dragoon,' many of the old emblems were devoutly adopted and a composite religion was formed. And when in the fulness of time, Christianity made its appearance and developed orders and hierarchies, it incorporated within itself almost every feature of Paganism, including the supreme Phallic symbol, the Cross. Erotic Christianity worships the Divine Child, adores Mary His mother,; and practically gives the Supremo Deity an inferior place. Christ's wounds aro dwelt upon in almost every hymn with per- fervid ec-tacy, and the Cross of Calvary is the foundation of faith and hope. To have inserted the Virgin in the Trinity would have been to literally imitate tho older cults, so the Arkite deity of Thebes or Babylon, a distinctly phaltic one, whose will waB interpreted by the Jonah or Doves, gave rise to the Divine SLssenger and Interpreter, the Holy Ghost, the Dove of Christianity. At all points our religi - n is lineilly descended from the older and most ancient. We have our Tree of Life, our Sun of Righteousness (uprightnes-), our Cross nf.Salvition, and the hope of an after life. We - have also a bitter aversion to the ' old serpent and 'oil his work5,' although we retain many of the latter in our rite- and ceremonies. The. cirdmal puin'B of superstition have varied, and' mankind have boxed us compass, so that at length, they teem returning to their old love: the religion of Humanity and the worahip of Nature. We are beginning to perceive that whatever is good and beautiful is natural, and that what ever i- natural is also good and beautiful, PoiRibly the time is not far hence when we shall not be ashamed of our bodies with their organs and function-, or of any other work of God, but shall see in a'l a Divine beauty worthy of pride and i ra:BO, and 6hall again recognieoas our Trinity the Father. Mother, and Child, 