THE MERCURY. HOBABT, TUESDAY, NOV. 8, 1898. EPITOME OF NEWS. H. L. Hutchinson, formerly Council Clerk at Longford, has died, aged 85. Tenders close to-day for right to strip wattle bark on various Crown lands. Public Works Departmentinvitc tenders for works in different parts of the colony. University Degree exams, commence at 0.30 a.m. on the 10th hist. Customs returns for week end ing Novem- ber 5-Hobart, £3,555 10s. lid.; Launceston, £4,117 3s. Kawatiri, steamer, lind to put back to Port Davey when within 24 mile« of Mac- quarie Heads on uccount of damaged cylinder. Reward of £10 offered for information leading to apprehension and conviction of person or persons who damaged the Syuie memorial fountain. France uneasy at Great Britain's warlike preparations. Baronetcy conferred on retiring Lord Mayor ot London. Russia favours a French Protectorate of Catholics in the East. Alfred Archer to be hung in Melbourne on the 21st hist. Sale of racehorses nt|MeIbouine yester- day. Bidding not brisk. Great Britain continuously active in pre- paring for w ar. What does It portend J Ketch Aurora sunk in collision w ith tug Champion off the Sydney coast on Sunday night. No lives lost. Anglo-Egyptian Government offer Major Marchand choice of routes for departure from Fushodo. fcThe late Samuel Plimsoll's estate, worth £10,000, has been bequeathed to two Aus- tralian relatives. Gas explosion has wrecked Washington Supreme Court and destroyed immy records. Cologne Gatrtte denounces as " boundless impudence "the American claim to Philip- pine Islands. Bear-Admiral Noel had some trouble In getting the Turkish troops quietly away from Crete, but firmness prevailed. Candia forts now garrisoned by British troops. The Spanish cruiser Infanta Maria Teresa, recently captured by Americans on the Santiago coast, has foundered at sea. Sirdar Kitchener contradicts the story that ho intercepted a letter and French flag sent by Marchand to the Khalifa at Omduruum. THE New South Wales federal resolu- tions, which vere published in our yesterday's issue, are much more moderate than might have been ex- pected from some of the speeches made during the recent general elec- tion in that colony. They are, how- ever, a compromise which shows that theorists had to be dealt with and placated, and they provide for a form of government which has at least the recommendation, if it be one, of being quite unique. Evidently, equal re- presentation of the States in the Senate is a sore point with the poli- ticians in New South Wales, and they bave yielded with reluctance to a compromise which strikes at the very root of the bi-cameral system. They propose that differences between the two Houses, instead of requir- ing a three-fifths majority to settle, shall be decided by a simple majority, or what is known as the Norwegian system, or that there shall be a refer- endum, so that the people may give their final verdict. The whole fuss about dead- locks is pure nonsense, as the history of these colonies and the United States shows, and is simply the outcome of the desire of popu- larity-seeking politicians to get their way. The very essence of the bi- cameral system is, that the House of lleview shall not be coercible except by public opinion in due course of elections, as only under such a condition can it perform its function of resisting a foolish popular demand, but the proposal now is, to provide for it being outvoted whenever the other House may thiuk fit to set it aside. This is really what is meant, if the pro- posers of the change did but know it. The alternative, a general referendum, is, of course, quite out of the question, as the causes of differences between the two Houses might be slight, and the remedy so cumbersome as to be quite inapplicable to the occasion. We can only wonder at the politicians who keep on insisting upon some new remedy for deadlocks, when they have before their eyes practically all the Legislatures ot the world which get on very well without one. However, if the new experiment is a condition precedent of Federation it may be tried, just as certain American States tried a one House system for various periods, only to abandon it at last. Tasmania, we suppose, will not trouble herself much about the site of the capital, except, perhaps, to insist that it shall be inland and not on the seaboard, and Victoria and New South Wales may be left to fight out this question between them. The provision as to the boundaries of States not being altered without their consent will, no doubt, be agreed to ; at all events, Tasmania is not likely to offer any objection. Inland rivers is a question on which Tasmania can be quite impartial,and can calmly standby and see that simple justice is done. Nor will there be much dispute about appeals, which may be said to be a quite arguable question, the settlement of which either way will not imperil Federation. Alterations in the Con- stitution are, undoubtedly, matters i for a referendum, and in this respect they differ from ordinary questions, [ while a referendum is, perhaps, about the very worst method by | which to decide them. Communities are supposed to make their own Con- stitutions-all these colonies have done that much for themselves and it is only fit and proper that the power which makes should be required to sanction any change. The power possessed by our Parliaments to alter the Constitutions with the sanction of the Crown is a patent anomaly, derived from the British practice, and is an endeavour to make a written and unwritten Constitution work in the same manner. It may be pre- dicted that the attempt will fail sooner or later. The States will, no doubt, decide that their powers cannot be lessened without their consent, and it is probable that there will not be much difference of opinion as to the increase of the number of Senators for each State from G to 8. Some of the pro- posed changes seem to us foolish in the extreme, but if they ace a condition of Federation they must be accepted and the experiments tried, rather than let a great cause be lost on a question of form. But, the strong objection to what is called "the BRADDON blot" in New South Wales, and the ideas enter- tained there about financial matters, open up quite a new series of problems for consideration. The changes pro- posed cut the ground completely from ander the feet of those ,wno defended the financial provisions of the Bill, because the Senate will no longer have the power to protect the smaller States. They will, if the arrangement now suggested is accepted, have to take their chance. This much appears plainly in the resolutions adopted by the New South Wales Assembly. They affirm that the financial system em- bodied in the Bill will be accepted, with the exception named, " if it be placed in other respects on a fair and just footing." This may mean anything. What is a fair and just footing irrespective of the BRADDON clause ? Obviously, what New South Wales thinks to be so. But, New South Wales does not tell us what she does think on this point. The whole business is juBt where it was before, except that the provision to safeguard the smaller colonies is struck out. A more thorough con- sideration of the financial clauses is earnestly invited, which means, of course, that the whole business is to be gone over again, that ia endeavour is to be made to get. rid of the book- keeping system, and 60ine certainty to be sought as to the amount to be divided amongst the States, and as to the method of division. Clearly, all the old financial problems remain. Clearly, too, New South Wales is not satisfied with the financial arrange- ments as they stand, and the business is to be gone all over again. Some of our Victorian contem- poraries are pleased to declare that it is all settled now, so that new dele- gates, or even Ministers, have but te meet and Federation will spring into being complete and perfect like Minerva from the head of Jupiter. It is useless to delude ourselves in this fashion. This colony, at all events, and probably at least one other, cannot accept Federation until the Financial Problem is settled. The new .Con- ference or Convention, or whatever it is to be called, will have, evidently, to begin the business anew, and devise some other financial scheme than that set forth in the Bill. New South Wales has never accepted that scheme aud is'not prepared to accept it now, as she does not believe it to be " on a fair and just footing," words > which have been set aside as if they meant nothing, whereas they mean everything. Seeing, then, that financial changes are proposed, and that the Senate is to have the power of protecting the smaller colonies taken away from it, those colonies will have to make sure that such a tariff can be made as will meet their wants, and that such a tariff will be accepted by the larger colonies. This is not a matter for enthusiasm or declamation, but one for practical business treat- ment, in view of the facts and figures that have been established. So far, no practical financial settlement has been suggested of any value which does not include the taking over of the debts, and this seems to be the point on which all future financial discussions must turn. We may try experiments with one House, with the referendum, and with novelties in regard to Money Bills, but we must not veoture to experimentalise ' with our credit,' and the means to pay our way. THAT Peace hath hor victories no less renowned than War was never better ex- emplified than in the present-day aspect of Ireland. Where festering discontent, to use no harsher phrase, so long prevailed, concord reigns supreme, aud the right hand of fellowship is extended to men of e^ery degree of politics. In fact, Ireland may now be said to have no politics. A few weeks ago the once most - powerful Nationalist journal in the country, United Ireland, dieu a natural death, passing out of existence without a murmur. It had outlived tho reason for its existence, and died simply because it hud no further place os a political newspapei. In the eighties it was ever a flaunting ori- flamme of political war. In the Parnellito struggles it did doughty service to its cause. Eschewing commercial, financial and trade matters, it was purely a political organ, and in its day and generation gained a wonderful notoriety. To-day it is dead ns Ciesar.'s ghost, and no one repines. Dearth of political excitement in Ireland has caused the tolling of its deatli knell. The marked transit from one extreme to the other is shown in the desire to induce the once hated Saxon and his tribe to come to Ireland, whore assurances are given of a thoroughly hearty ''caed mille failLhe." Tlie Irish Tourist Association iuvite all and sundry to spend their holidays in the Emerald Isle, and especially members of Parliament! Buring the coming spring peer« and commoners aro _ to be invited to make a tour of the most interesting Irish counties, at their own expenses of couise, but under the wing of the Association, which will take care that they see and know all that is enchanting and nice, fioni the Giant's Causeway and the wilds of Connemara, the lakes of Kerry, the pleasant waters of the Lee, down to Queenstown, and the sylvan charms of Wicklow. Such is a programme already outlined in the English press, and which may probably be given effect to at the coming Eastertide. Thus will past troubles have compensations, and the "winter of discontent" he "in the deep bosom of the ocean buried." "TUE President of the Republic, the Cabinet Minister, the Judge or other oflicer of State, are mere names-the figure-heads that symbolise authority. It is the spy who governs France." Thus writes an influential and well-informed London paper, and the reader naturally expects that the writer will go on to tell us how it has come about that the spy has been able to occupy such a position. For, a spy l8 nothing m himself. He has, and can nave, no power of his own. Nor can he be acting for himself. Any information which a spy may get can only be of value so far as lie communicates it to someone who can make use of it: It is idle to say that the spy governs the country. A country may be governed by a Bpy-system, that is, the persons in power 'may UHB spies to serve their ouds, tut the spy can no more govern than he can legislate. The question is, what is the power behind the spy, behind the President, behind the very courts of justice in France ! No direct answer has yet been given to this question, except that the anny is said to be the real power which exists in France at the pre sont day. But this does not make matters much clearer. To whom do the spies re- port? Not to the President or to any otlicer under him, for we .see that one President resigned because he could not control the spies, or rather those .who gave them orders. Who are these Sowerl'ul persons who are able to rive a President from his ollice, and act in spite of him ? Whoever they are, they control the system, and control it in spite of the President and the Courts of Law. We are assuming, of eourse, that the tales told about the German Ambassador are true, and oven if these particular tales are not true, there ia evidence enough to show that there is a power superior to that of the President. What is that power? In whom is it centred? How does it come about that there is such a power at' all, and that it is able to exist in suite of the law and the Constitution ? There is only one possible explanation, K wo accept all that is said, and that is, that there is a movement in which the ollicers of the army are involved, and they feel that tiley can do as they please because the army is the idol of the Çwple, and the chief hope of the country, he situation is a very curious one, and is full of tho most strange and startling possibilities. IT seems to be a reproach to these colonies that they do not give proper attention to the small industries connected with form- ing, and this is a reproach to which this colony is held to be specially open, Be ferring to the production of ham, bacon, and pork, Mr. Coghlan, in Ids latest volume of' statistics, remarks-"there' seuuut to be a considerable scone for an extension of this particular branch of farming in some of the colonies." The matter has been referred to several times in our columns, and the ligures now sup- plied fully bear out all that we have luid. It is instructive to note that in some of the colonies great progress has been made in the breeding of pigs, whilst othrre have practically stood still. Thus, in 1801 NKW South Wales was estimated to have 140,01)1 swine, which number had increased in 1890 to 214,581. This is a substantial advance, but it is beuten by Victoria, which colony seems of late to have given great attention to the production of bacon and ham. In 1801 Victoria only possessed swine te the Hiodebt number of 43,480, but in 1894 the latest ligures-she had increased the number to 3Ü7.G88, having passed Now Soutli Wales. South Australia barely made an advance in the period from 1801 to 1896, Queensland shows a fair increase, New Zealand increased ker number freu l 43,270 to 209,853,whiloTaamania had 40,841 swine in 1801 and no moro than 55,301 in 1890, in spite of the increase of the popula- tion and much talk about encouraging native industries. In other small farm industries, such as poultry and eggs, this colony ranks liolow all others except Western Australia. It appears that South Australia does a considerable trado with Victoria and Western Australia in eggs, anil thal her trado e\cn extends to New South AValcs. During 1890 she sent eggs to the value of £l,4Gl to Victoria, £0,972 to New South Wales, £28,020 to Western Australia. Tile bulk of the New South Wales trade is in the Harrier district, which may be said to belong rather to South Australia than to New South Wales. The total egg trade was worth for the year no less than £40,353, a fact for fanners' wives to bear in mind and prout hy if thoy can. The value of poultry and eggs produced in Tasmania in 1890 is set down at £98,100, whereas the value of similar articles in New South Wales was £752,700. Tasmania is estimated to have produced honey and beeswax to tho value of £2,000, while New South Wales produced these to the value of £10,100. THE SPRINGS ROAD.- The carriage drive to the Springs is now being made by free labour. There are 33 men employed, and the work is being done moro oxpedi tioualy than when prison labour was used. TESTAMENTARY. - The following pro- bates and administrations have been issued : - Probates : William Price to Percy Kobort Norman Wright and Cornelius Hope, £3 ; Thomas Haydon to John Fleming Liddle and Arthur Rivers ElliH, £27 ; Edward Daly to Catherine Duly, £387. Letters of Administration : William James Graham to Thomas Graham, £195 ; Charles Jumes Sharman to Isabella Sharman, £374. AKTICIED CLEUKS' ASSOCIATION_The usual fortnightly meeting of the as- sociation was held at the Masonic-hall last night, There was a good attendance of members, Mr. Albert Richardson being in .the chair. Aftor the minutes of the firovious meeting liad boen read and con irmud, the following question was debated : -" An attendant at a theatre, after the audionce had dispersed, linds on the floor of the stalls a valuable diamond braoelcl. He hands it to the proprietor, at the sumo lime giving him notice Hint if it is not claimed hy the tme owner he intends to claim it himself. Can he, after the lapse 'of a reasonable interval, the proprietor of the theatre having relused to liand tho bracelet to him. sue for its return ?" Mr. W. Whelan led in the allirniativo, Mr. C. Chant replying in the negative. Messrs. M. M. Ansell, W. U. Gill, W. 0. Hamil- ton, II. Sargent, II. C. Urquhart, and C. D. Cuthbert, also «poko upon the ques- tion. After the chairman had' summed up very clearly, the question was put to the vote and'decided in the negative. A hearty vote of thanks terminated the proceed- ings. CITY POLICE COURT.-The Mayor (Alderman G. Hiddle«tone) and Alderman G. Kerr, J.P., presided yesterday. Two Îoung men named Win. McNeil and John lozen were ehargod with having disturbed the peace in Elizabeth-street between 1 a.m. and 2a.in. on the Oth hist, by light- ing. They pleaded guilty, and were lined 5s. QUARTERLY LICENSING BENCH.—The quarterly meeting of the Hobart Licensing Bench was held in the Mayor's Courtroom yesterday forenoon. Mr. B. Shaw (chair- man of the Licensing Bench) presided, and the following justices were also present :— Messrs. A. Riddoch, T. A. Reynolds, J. G. Davies, G. Hiddlestone, W. Smith, E. M. Fisher, and J. W. Johnson. Mr. E. D. Dobbie, Clerk of the Peace, and Mr. G. Frederick Marsden (in the absence of Mr. R. F. Young), Clerk of Petty Sessions. Superintendent Pedder, of the City Police, and Sub-inspector Cook, of the Territorial Police, were also in attendance, and raised no objections to the following transfers, which were allowed :—City Transfers.— Alexander Denholm, from Thos. Budgeon, Denison Hotel, Macquarie- street ; Harriett Goodison, from Richard Dobbie, Prince Napoleon Hotel, Hampden-road ; Samuel Webb, from George Eaves, Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argyle- street. New Town Transfer. —Lort Lord, from James Henry Mulvaney, Harvest Home Hotel, New Town. CIVIL SERVICE CONCERT.-The last concert for the present year in connection with the Southern Tasmanian Civil Service Union was given at the Town-hall last evening. There was a large and fashion- able audionce present, and a party from Government House were among the visitors. The platform had been tastefully decorated with flowers for the occasion, and a specially attractive programme was submitted. The Garrison Band played a selection for the opening number, under the conductorship of Mr. T. W. Hopkins. Miss Alice Corriok was entered on the programme for two items. The lirat num- ber " Softly sighs " was Hung in a manner that won general approval, and an encore was insisted upon. Miss Corrick was equally successful later in the evening with her singing of " Tell me, my heurt, and was deservedly recalled. Mr. A. Packer sang "Alice, where art thou?" and also took part in the duet " The moon hath raised," in company with Mr. H. ]£. Packor. " The soldiers of the Queen," with orchestral accompaniment, was contributed Mr. J. R. Downie sang " The flight of ages." Mr. F. P. Bowdon added a humorous song to the programme, and Mr. W. St. Ledger sang "The sailor's heart." lu addition to assisting with a duet, Mr. H. E. Packer sang "Long ago in Alcala" and " The deathless army." The effect of the laller number was improved by u well judged orchestral accompaniment. The instrumental items were all well received. Two brackelted numbers wore played on the violin by Mr. J. C. Dillon, and Mr. T. Julian Haywood gave a niusicianly render- ing of a selection on the organ. A cornet solo, " Tlie promise of life," was well played by Mr. T. W. Hopkins. ACCIDENT IN ELIZABETH - STREET.. Yesterday forenoon a horse harnessed to u light two-wheeled trap, driven by Mr. Ward, of Btown's River, shied in Elimbclli-slreet, near Liverpool-street, and hacked on to the tram lino, coming in collision with a tram. The driver of tho car, on seeing the approaching accident, promptly applied the brukes, thereby averting what might have buen a serious accident. All the spokes were knocked out of one wheo! of the trap, but little other dum ago was done. No harm befol the driver or horse. REAPER AND BINDER TRIAL.-Measrs. Roberts & Co. will hold a trial of the Walter A. Wood reaper and binder at Bridgewater to-day. GREEN PONDS MUNICIPALITY_Nomi- nations will be received from November 24 to 1st prox. to lill two vucancies in the Municipal Council of Green Ponds. JUNIOR CE. ANNIVERSARY. - The anniversary of the Junior Christian Endea- vour Wesleyan Society will be held at the Mechanicä'-hall this evening. BLI it i oit Two -Before the railway had penetrated further north thun Muswell brook the Judges and Bar on the Northern Circuit had to put up with some rough accommodation« ere they had (unshed up the business at the river courts It is tola that Judge-, with a coinpanion.arnved at a wayside inn on a very hot day after a long drive. Both were very thirsty, und the publican, when asked «hat liquors he had, said, " Oh, anything you like, geutleuieu " Each specified lus drink, and to each the landlord replied that ho was very sorry, but he was just out of it At length they arrived at the faet that he had nothing but beer A bottle was emptied into a long glass-the only glass "After jou, ' saul the Judge " I'm not \ ery thirsty " The other one, after some modest hesitation, took first pull, a long, steady pull, and set the glass down empty "Now, bring me a bottle," said Judge- But there was not another in the house Hie Judge made it u rule tier afterwards when re freshments wore called for to help himself at once Tun VLLVJ- r GiovtD Iiiot« HAND -As for Russia, she wdl go as far as she dare which is not far If she can terrify she will If she cannot, she will not light &he; dare not, unless she ha\e reason to believe that wo w ill not Wo i ould blow Russia out of thewatei in the Last m an hour She knows that as well as we do What shall be will be , but at present it is ours to do as we like in C luna All that is needed, or ean tie needed, to enable us to do it amicably is to make China and Russia understand that we mean to do it And so it seems to oursehes thal with the iron hand under the lelvet LJOÎCWI, have eleaied the horuon -Vanity J1 au 1 UCAIMTI'S OIMMKNI prepared from tho G leen Le a OH of the liisiuuiiiiiti MUD dum is a Marvellous Ilealci of all Wounds Hotus kin eruptions Burna Scaldfl Boro 1 yon or Lip» Bolls UU.Li'f. Dites orBUngH Being of uileli utuuiuld colour mid liavniK a fra«! ant odour of tile Blue Gum Leaf our Ointment Is eaelly útatinKUlaliublc from that of our iuiiuilord Voi COUKIIB Lolds Uroncliitls Asthma and al) eaturrhal afToctioun use our PJatj puH Brand of ¡Bucal} plus Ulobulus OH For Diphtheria Sore Throat etc Inlmlo and Bpray with iCuculyptus Eitmoi. rnsmauian Euoalyptuu Oil Company Umted. QobarL llOAT-l'ULLlKfl LAWKS. -At Hammer - smith, on the Thames, the " S.M. Kowing and Sculling Club " is a very much up-to date institution. Interviewed recently, the secretary, a Miss Violet Cooper, m reply to the query " Why ' S.M.,'" said : " At Haminersnutli some people mako the initials stand for the ' Silly Alaidcns ' or the ' Stick in -the Mud,' or the ' Sahara Mud ' Club. As a matter of fact the letters are the initials of the names Sarah und Maud. Tho real name of the club is the Sarah Maud Club, but we always speak of it as the 'S.M.'" "And why "Sarah Mand'?"-"After tho two lailics who founded it-Miss Buckumn and Miss Aldis." " Their Christian names were Sarah and Maud ! " - " Well Miss Biickman's^ name is not really Sarah, but she is a very clever mimic, and used to give a very funny imitation of a Salvation Anny band, so sliu was always called Sally or Sarah Buckman. She ami Miss Maud Aldis founded the club, and it was called after them." " How many members have you ?"-" About a dozen. There is a practice in the morning from 8 to !), and another in the evening between ó to 0." "And the costume?"-" Well, you see, most of our niemliers bicycle down and in a boat with a sliding seat skirts are very awkward." " So you row in bloomers ?" -"Some of us, sometimes." Members please themselves. But, as a general nile, rationals aro worn at morning practice and skirts in the afternoon. Tnerc are so many people looking on in the afternoon." MlNlsTLlt AND MiLLiNKlt.-There is a tendency, commendable in some ways, among Scotch clergymen to make wealthy marriages. They doubtless are actuated by thoughts of how much moro good can bo accomplished by a pastor with money than without it. But even the canniest congregation does not always fall in with this view, and opposite the church of one of the most dignified and prosperous of Edinburgh ministers there is a milliner's I little shop, presided over by a sad-fared I little old maid. She was wooed by the minister in the pre-collego days, anti they plighted their troth, but witli education and ordination came durèrent views, and he_ threw her over for the sake of an elderly heiress. The story carne to his indignant people's ears, and though ho was too line an exponent of the " Word " to be parted with, they soothed their consciences and ¡>aid for his fickleness by establishing her in a little shop, with which she has fought poverty this many a year. THATTKH'TO PALESTINE.-The politi- cal significance of the German Emperor's tri]) to Palestine is beyond all donbt. The inhabitants of Palestine and Turkey, as a whole, are not in the habit of seeing travelling Emperors. They are to be im- pressed in the most striking manner with the greatness and power of Germany. _ The Emperor evidently desires to familiarise himself with Asia Minor, the theatre of the German colonisation movement in the near future; although Germany has her colonies in Africa, Turkey, and especially Asia Minor, have particular attractions fur her Government. All recent efforts have tended toward the directing of emigration into that quarter. The Great Powers are concerned in these developments on ac- count of the evidence afforded that Ger- man}' seeks to solve the Eastern question in her own interests. The sepsation making journey cannot be treated as a religious pilgrimage. A new enooh is to 1» opened in the history of the Eastern ques- tion.-Novoyr Vrcnn/a (St. Petersburg). DiscHAittiiNU TUKSUN'SDLBTR.-" The sun-god was in danger," said the crowds gathered near Patna to watch the ecli|we. " They were neetled to help him. He was in debt, and every one mnst give money to pay his debt, or a huge monster wa» about to swallow him ! Bathing in the holy Ganges and praying there to the sun would help. The priests saul the early morning would be most efficacious and they went in immense numbers. The eclipse uegan soon after noon, and wies total about 2 o'clock. " During totality the crowd became very excited. Alen were trembling from head to foot with excite- ment and fear. ' Kain, Karn, victory ! Kain chunder, victory to Kain. O Kain, victory !' was the cry all round. Then, at the instant the light reapjieared, there rose a loud triumphant shout, as from many thousands of voices of ' Victory I' Kapidly tho multitudes melted away. They say the money that was given so liberally helped the sun, and tints shortened tho eclipse !"-The Presbyterian. JULIUS CJESAK CAUGHT SCOKCHINCI. The announcement that Julius Ciissar was summoned for scorching on a bicycle must cause a smile upon the most serious face. There were many smiles at the Haywards Heath Petty Sessions recently. JUIJUH Ciesar did not appear ut first, and the his- toric name seemed more out of place when bawled by a leather-lunged constable out- side the court. People began to think that a waggish cyclist had been playing larks with the rural constable and hod given a wrong name, but presently a young gentleman stepped into the box, and all smiles ceased. "Are yon Julius Ciesar?" quoth tho clerk. " Yes," sir," replied the scorcher.-Sussw DmlyMcuxs. A PKEP INTO THE EUTUKK.- British policy in Africa has suffered during the lost 14 years from tho consequence of two military disasters-the destruction of J Gordon in the North, and ^tho defeat at Majuba Hill in the South? Tho former has boen rectilied by Sir Herbert ' Kitchener, and Madhism as a factor swept away, It would cause no surprise if a determined effort were now made to remove at last the consequences of Majuba Hill. " Africa English from Table Mountain to the Atlas " was the programme proclaimed about 20 years ago by Cudi Khodus and his friends. Now. it onlv refluiré» a single advance along the Tanganyika, and that programme is virtually fulfilled, the bridge placed .between. North and South. From tlie North the -telegraph connects the civilised world with British Africa us far as Khartoum ; in tho South the telegraph line has crossed the Zambesi, How long will it be before Cecil Rhodes and Herbert Kitchener will clasp hands in the heart of Africa'/-Dr. Karl Peters, in Tägliche llundndutu (Berlin). OUR ESII'IRK IN SOUTH AFRICA.-It is stated that the Imperial authorities have decided to establish a large and permanent military camp in Natal. The existing camp at Ladysmith is to be enlarged so as to provide for 10,000 men, and a consider- able sum has already lieen set aside for the initial works. There is everything to recommend sucli a plan from an Imperial point of view. Natal is as chea)) as any part of the Empire, and it enjoys a splendid climate. Ladysmith, the pro Íposed site of the camp, affords every acuity for training troops in the special methods of South African warfare, a fact which is accentuated in accounts of the manouvres which have recently taken place. So far as Natal is concerned, the move is decidedly popular. Nor is it meant for aggression, but is a simple recog- nition of the fact that deods are bolter than words.-African Review. LADIES' CAPES AND MANTLES.-This de- partment at Mr. SOUNDY'» establishment is now replete with all the latest goods for the summer season. Great core has been exercised in selecting materials of ii suit- able woight. Mr. SOUNDY colls special attention to several special lines ne is ofloriug this week. Firstly, a lady's Cloth Cape at, Ü/11, the» a superior looking gar- ment at 0/11. Another bargain is a short, smart cape made of Duchess Satin, trimmed with jet and lace, port of a big purchase by his London buyer. These ore offered at 4/11. The higher class capes are got up very effectively this benson, trimmed with chiffon and rich black lace. These range up to 00/. AmouKst them will be found a number .spoclaliy ordered for oklerly ladies. Every department through- out the shop is heavily stocked, and real good value is given for the money. A CYCLE MAIL STAMP.-Philatelists will, says Black and White, envy the lucky possessor of the cycle mail stamp from Western Australia. It ia indeed a unique curiosity, for thore is but one cycle mail in the world. Tlte original design is somewhat rough, but not the less interest- ing for that reason. The description of the stamp is as follows :-First, on a ground lightly shaded with perpendicular lines ure the wordB, " Lake Lefroy Goldfield." Then in an oval is presented the black swan of Australia, with the words " Cyclo Mail" above it and " Western Australia" below ; while at the bottom under the oval are the words, "6d. Postage Oil." The colour is pink stamped on a pale green ground. NEWEST JEWELLERY.-By yesterday's mall a Fine Stock of Latest Designs in Chain Bangles, Heart Pendants, Muff Chains, Belt Clasps, Match Boxes, Sove- reign Purses, Bec Hal Pins, Medals, Gents.' and Ludios* Alberts, Cigar Cases, Purses, etc, has been opened by LEO II. Binni-, IK), Liverpool-sttva. Inspection invited. TO-NIGHT until 10 o'clock you may shop in all three of BEST 4C Co.'h Stores, in- cluding the large and beautifully-lighted exhibition-room just added, whete thou- sands of Ladies Huts and hundreds of Blouses ure being exposed at about Hulf price expressly for the Holiday. Our win- dows arc also talking advertisements of holiday requirements. Biisr & Co., the Popular People. 