SPORTING NEWS. ON THE FIELD. BY SENTINEL. We had three meetings during the week, and at each of them several National horses performed. There was nothing special about the per- formance at Ssndown or Mentone if I except the win of Irish Stew in tha Steeplechase. . This Was the Stew’s first -pnblio appearance over big timber, and when I tall readers that he did not lay a toe on any one of the obstacles and fairly smothered hie field in the rnn home, it looks very much as if they have got him at the right game at last. Irish Stew is a Queensland bred horse, and has had a very chequered oareer. When he raced in Sydney, some year and a half ago, he was owned by a lady, and for her he won a good hurdle race. : It was reported at the time that the race be won did not snit the Btable nearly so well ae the race in whioh he ran second. Not long after the Stew came to Melbourne he found hie way into J. O'Brien’s stable, the chief patron of which is the wamed-off Ban. Nathan. If Nathan hae done one penny on the hors 9 he has done every penny of a oouple of thou sand pounds.., At Mentone some months ago hs put £6OO on him in a Hnrdle Race, and with Brewer np it looked a good thing. The horse wae started in a conple of jumpers’ flats, and the money was literally shovelled on to him by bis reputed owner. It was lost, and in one of the raoes a horsn supposed to be running in the interests of Irish Stew won most unexpectedly. After repeated failures the horse was con sidered to have lost his form and was not worth entrusting with any more solid com missions. He was schooled over big timber at Meu tons, and took to it as natnrally as a fish to water. Still the Btable did not fancy him, and gave him a run to eee how he wonld shape in aompany. The people who have to do with the horse were greatly surprised when they saw him cantering in alone. It is the worst of lnok when yon have done a. few thousandß at very short prioas on a horse to miss him when you could get the lotbaok in one pop for an outlay of a oouple of hun dred. Before he won this raoe I told readers be was worth watohing, and whether he is sent for tha Hnrdle or Steeple, or both, backers will do well not to forget him. That reported total wreck which readers wore informed was never better, won the Steapleohaae at Caulfield on Saturday. Floater started at 7 to 1, was well np all the wav, and had the finish to himself. Doondi&h; got too close into one of the fences and tamed over. The pace at the time was slow. This horse is a quick jumper, and the brisker the paae, tbs better tor him. Worse look he was very lame after the fall. Vigil went over- at the first fence through no fault of bis own. Just as he was rising one of the others broadsidad him, and to grief he came. He was stopped in his work as his stifle was split. The other National horses which started may be struck oat of the final ooant bar miraoles. On reflection, there is one I will set aside as having a ohanos, and that is Songster. This joker ran a furlong at Monnee when Doondiah won, and from last when Floater won be went np to his horses, dropped back, went np again, and once or twice he looked as if he ooald have gone to the front. The advance made by Songster from Moonee to Caulfield has only to be duplicated from Coalfield to Flemington, for him to be in the first flight. Duiiald M’Kinnon, Fernbank, Gold and Black, Bine Peter, Zonroff, and Britone were the other Nationals, and for any legitimate ohanoe they possess might as. well stay at home. Baritone is dead, and Bine Peter dis abled. Among the Hnrdle horses out on Tuesday, Thursday, and Sa'urday, Reindeer won in a canter at Sandown, Hirundo did the same at Mentone; and, to my great snrprise, Realgar finished level with Reindear at Caulfield. Reindeer opened favorite and toddled back to sixes. About Realgar hundreds to sevens oonld have been got. Legs and Cynio ware the favorites, but they failed miserably in the raoe. The firetnamed jumped in the moßt slovenly and erratic stylo imaginable, and at no part of the raoe did ha master up sufioieat pace to keep himself warm. Cynic dashed off to the front, and for a mile and a quarter it looked as if hs would bolt with it. As soon as the first of those beh'md got to him he stopped in a stride, and finished a long way to leeward of the placed horses. Soult, with 12 8, was running along nicely at the finish, and, uocording to my viow, oonld have.been much nearer the dead-heaters. This horse is so very well, and is snob a perfect jumper, that be must be very hard to beat in the National. If a man can find anything in the interval to beat him it will be worth a fortune to him. Soult is bred a stayer, and as lie was jogging along oomfortably with 12 8 at the end of ono and three-quarters, he will be goiug strong at the end of three with 11.9. Miller, Glendower, Last Glen, and Wou gong, the other Nationals which ran, must improvo vastly to possess the ghost of a chance. Since my last. Hayseed and Parrakeet have been retired. The person who took the £3009 abont the two Hayseeds has bad _ rebuke ad ministered to him that may do him good in the fatnre. Homespun was seen in public at Menton but his chance may be represented a3 a million to a hayseed, he being the seed. The Provost has not arrived yet, and I ca' hear nothing of Levanter’s movements. 