LIQUID AIR. rrofessor Trlpler, of America, liaE found out hovlr to liquify air, and the British Associa tion has been told by Its president that this Is the most wonderful feat of this age or any .other. This being (the age of the falrv tales of science, the above Is a large order. It Is the age of steam, which hms advanced front the days of "Puffing Billy".' to the express train, which carries you along at sixty miles an hour in a luxurious Pullman without a Jar. It is the age of electricity, which "girdles the earth ln 40 -minutes," enables men to talk with one another at a distance of miles; which " epeuK, ngnxs ciues witn bril- liancy, drives tram cars at vast speed, har nesses the Niagaras of the world to useful work, but . Is. said by scientific men to be merely in its infancy. It is the age of Iron, in which iron is handled like paper, with "an ease and precision astonishing. It is the age of gunnery, and marvellous explosive forceB. It is the age which has brought the starry heavens almost within touch, and is on the brink of comfortable locomotion through the fields of atmospheric space. It follows that anything claiming to he wonderful in this age must be wonderful Indeed. This is ex actly the claim made by competent scientific authority for the new thing. It Is a simple thing. Nothing but the air we breathe every day. A thing It is of great pressure, which has done strange things, but these are as no thing before the man-els It Is said to be able to produce by means of the American's ex traordinary discovery. Tho components parts of the atmosphere have'been separated by the chemists, and their wonderful properties have been examined, defined, and utilised. / We talk of oxygen and we UBe Its vivifying force, we speak of nitrogen, we grow eloquent about ozone, and we make them subservient to me dicine of the day; end the comfort of life. Still all this is, If we are to believe this Ame rican wonder-worker of science, nothing. The common air In -which we live and move, and have our being, turns out to be the most won derful motive power yet discovered, and the safest to handle. Hear Professor Trlpler, who has liquified It: "Each cubic foot of li quid represents nearly 800 cubic feet of ordi nary all-, and ln its expansion as It returns to Its gaseous state lies a power of the high est efficiency, easy to control, ready to be harnessed, and utilised. Its temperature 13 about 312deg. below zero, Fahrenheit." . . , This tremendous force Is easily and cheaply produaad in the laberatery( and .when pre duced It can be carried about without any specially constructed vessels of great strength. Wherein lies Its advantage over steam, which can . only be confined by pon derous constructions of steel and iron. Place the liquid air in a tumbler, It will absorb the heat of the atmosphere and boll vigorously, until it disappears, absorbed into the atmos phere in Its original gaseous condition. But, and mark this, the gaseous condition after ebullition is superior to the gaseous con dition before. The air lias In the Inter mediate processes of llquifactlon and return to gas been thoroughly purified. It Is, there fore, restored to the atmosphere free of all those germs against which science Is warning the world with dally Increasing emphasis. You cannot, of course, carry the liquid air about in tumblers. And here is a very .wonderful part of the professor's discovery. He has found that by Isolating it from heat he can keep It for some thirty hours, carrying it where- he will during that time. .The isola tion he has mnnaged.by giving his containing vessel a vacuum jacket, I.e., by placing it In- aldn nnAthan troogal with «i ananA nf Golf fin inch between the two, and exhuusting the air from: that intervening space. With the ordin ary insulating precautions in addition, the preservation of the liquid air Is a fairly- simple matter for the time named. There ara difficulties, and they are due - to two : things. The first is the expansive' character I of the, liquid (which the,' above precautions make slow enough for some hours), and' the extreme cold of the liquid air, whicli makes all feasible vessels extremely brittle. . Now,-' the usual time required by the professor's machinery to liquify the atmospheric air is fifteen minutes. That is, fifteen minutes after the prbcess is started liquid nir begins to flow from a faucet. Apply this to steam navigation; - The ship moves through a me dium ivllch only requires fifteen minutes for a given quantity to be transferred by simple 1 Inexpensive machinery into the most power ful motive power ever conceived by the brain of man; by machinery which delivers it Into reservoirs of simple construction, easily and cheaply, capable of keeping It practically un- f impaired in force for many hours. It re quires no ghost to tell. us that here Is a' re volution in steam navigation at hnnd. "With a handful of coal for a start, and another ln case'- of accidents, a ship properly found arid engined is good for any number of miles, at any speed up to 40 miles an hour; supplied : from below with abundance of purest cool air from her exbaust pipes during every mo-. ' f the voyage. For commerce, that means "incalculable things. For war, it means /the abolition of naval stations, eman cipation from the tyranny of King Coal,, the ; combination of the independence that Nel- sbn's-time derived from the winds, with the mastery of direction and speed that steam has given to the ships of our day, A revolution ln every line of traction Is at hand. The discovery has been hitherto con fined to the laboratory. - But in the labora tory, its practical value has been demori- strated. .The fact has there been established,: after, ten years of careful -work, that :the pro perties of the new force ore such that there can be no difficulty' In its manufacture, its storage, and its use. It is IL mnHnr« nf designing improvements in existing ma chinery, and efficient storage reservoirs of a Hind similar to constructions in pvery-dayuse. Navigation is of course the largest field which awaits the development of the new power. The locomotive comes next, and then follows the world of horseless carriages, which has begun to loom so large In the public eye. TraoUon engines, launches, trams, for all these the new motor will be Invaluable. Like wise for factory work, mine work, for work of all kinds in. which power is required. And instead of smoke and foulness every pulsa tion of every machine will increase the purity and serenity and healthfulness of the atmos phere. Lastly, there is the question of aerial navigation. The flying machine, another American Invention, has already proved its vast superiority to the balloon as a thing under control and master of its own direc tion.' The only thing wanted to make aerial navlcratinn. in nthAP it'Arfio 4iirtn< n v..._ — _ w — 1 — «w»uu, u. liuiumt accomplishment of much practical power, as well as pleasure. Is said by competent au thority to be a motor sufficiently light, and strong,- and safe. Liquid air looks to be just the iriotor required. It Is superlatively light,' and superlatively strong. It is safer than any other In its handling, and It requires no fire to be carried in its aerial ship, the heat of the surrounding atmosphere being suffi cient to call- out the whole of its potential energy. Such are the possibilities of the newly-discovered motor. What more need we say of It than that the world appears to be on the brink of a fhost astounding and beneficial revolution. 