TORY TELLER. »- Short Story. The Tragedy of Roger Neville. From the Mils of Usheenmore the farspreading, heath-covered bog looked i«ally a place of beauty in. the still summer evening. So peaceful and inviting it was that I was sorry the old fiddler liad told me of the tragic story that anade it memorable in the traditions of the countryside. To be sure, I knew that its pleasant guise was deceptive; there were deeps and pools and quagmires amid the tufted beath in places, and dark and ugly they were. For all that, in the covering of heath and fclos- «om the whole looked so restful and •winning in the distance, so much In character with the far-away, old- world district that I learned to love so much in those holiday times, that I felt the tragic story was a grim and impertinent intrusion. Above, among the hills, the old Castle of Usheenmore lost something of its ruined and sombre guise in the grace . of the sunset ihour. Yet once I turned to it all the restful sense and beauty of the evening was gone ; I could not •wrench my mind from the thought, of 5ts old days of riotous and abandoned ..and unhallowed lives. Tie Nevilles of Usheenmore had lorded it over the district from time immemorial, and in our freer and happier days it is somewhat difficult to credit all the evil tales of their perverse and dare-devil careers, iLO-sv cruelly and cavalierly they treated their dependants and their tenants, how they defied law and convention and -custom ; how their very devilry secured them a sneaking regard in the whole neighbourhood withal. Usheenmore is lonely, and dull, and world-forgotten today, yet the old folk by their chimney •corners iu their winter evenings fell many stories in which the desperate Nevilles are hero-tinged and idealised; and the tone and the reflections and the <ercoaing sub-no-tes of regret give one nuore than the suspicion that they wish the wild days of the Nevilles were back. But let me tell you of the tragedy of "Roger Neville, the last landlord of TJs- Iieenmore. In his gray old age, people whispered that his youth and early maniiood had surpassed the worst stages seven of earlier Neville desperation. He and his comrade. Jack Kinton, an im- Tpet'imious neighbouring squireen, "had been the partners in a run of shady exploits and transactions. It was even Glinted that they had descended to highway robbery and burglary—at least that Kinton had. At last ihe was obliged to fly the country very suddenly, for a warrant for his arrest on very serious -charges was in the hands of detectives. Me had a close shave, a narrow escape, aror they had hemmed him in practically •on all sides, and for one night he was obliged to sleep in the depths of the cold Ixeath of Usheenmore. But he gave them the slip. He did more, for he suc- \--cee-ded in abducting the no longer young •wife of his friend, Soger Neville. In after days they were indeed evil talebearers who said that they had •alone so at the connivance of Hoger, who had grown utterly tired and sick, of Mrs. Rose Neville, who was several years his senior. -More than that, there was one particularly -^evil set of tongues which insisted that Kinton cared nothing for Mrs. Rose, that he simpled inveigled her away to murder her, in accordance with a pre- Mously-arranged and diabolical scheme which would release his friend Roger of a. burdensome partner. These stories •were whispered and discussed for a de- •cade after, but wiho could say if there •was an iota of certainty in any of them? At any rate, Roger got his divorce, and •many years later, after a visit to Don- •don, brought home his second wife, a young and lovely woman, " ten thousand tines too good for the old sinner," said • Usheenmore. It leaked out somehow.that the pair •were not happy—the old. story of ** crabbed age and youth." 'And besides some inkling of her husband's past «eemed to have reached Millicent—as the young wife was ealled. In any case, Usheenmore Castle was no place for a "lifeful young creature like her. It was -drowsy, cumbrous, gloomy; and very seldom was it graced by the presence of congenial spirits. As the years went on, •old Roger grew more sullen and fretful; more averse to leaving the Castle even for a day. People said that the tyranny of the past was upon him; that the ghosts of evil times were about him. Be that as it may, in those closing years he •was the picture of a cursed and bitter and hunted man. 'He had yet another "worry ; he was in the deeps of debt . . One night as he chatted by a dying -fire with Millicent, he had a strange visitor. !A ragged, starved, despicablelooking wretch forced his way into the room. WSien Roger rose up in his wrath .at the intrusion the ragged wretch laughed a little bitterly. "There was a day," he .said, " when _you'd be glad to see. me, Roger. Don't jou care to give a. sheltering corner to— •well, my old name was Jack Kinton; tout the bloodhounds of the" law, who are after ine, know me under other names, and for—well, other things," Roger Neville grew pale and angry, <but for alittle While he was incredulous. "Oh,, rii teli you a few things that will convince you of > my identity," said ?thenew comer. "In;this very,room.one wild night ever, so many years ago, when .Rose was—no matter about that—you said to me suddenly, * Jack Kinton, yon know the burdensome tie that is '" " Stop, and be d — to. you," shouted Roger; " your voice has not changed so much after all, and now I know you." Then, casting a furtive glance at Millicent, 3ie added, " I dont want to hear of those frivolous old times." The other laughed an ugly laugh. Millicent rose abruptly and left the room. The newcomer jarred on her utterly. Besides, she was , unduly sensitive^ people noticed,, to any reference to her husband's past. ' Roger Neville and Kinton talked together for hours. ... . Long after midnight Roger Neville was aroused by an old servant from his sleep. Jack Kinton had called for Mm. Some sudden change had come over Kinton, and he spake of death. •Roger was surprised at the added change that an hour or two had wrought Before retiring his uncouth visitor had seemed to pull up a little. Now the colour of death was in his face. He motioned to the other to close the door fast. " I'm dying," he groaned. "I thought lately I hadn't long to go, but I—I—didn't know 'twas so near. I've burst a blood-vessel, I think. Yes, it's no go. I'm booked." " Well, Roger," he said faintly, " we've bad many wild days together. I—I— can tell you something worth telling before I go. I came back at last to dig up —a. treasure—lots of gold—in a solid >ox—that I buried long ago—when the aw-dogs were after me." " Where ?" asked Roger feverishly. The other's mind began to wander, His words were a jumble. "The bog, :he bog." he mumbled at last Roger was in a fever. " Whereabouts 2" he cried eagerly, desperately. The other's language was incoherent Roger stamped his foot nervously. " Below the Hunter's Tuft by the carroad—ten yards south from the Tuftthen ten yards east from the car-road," he muttered at last. "'Beware, the devil and his imps are on the spot—be- ware " "Tell me," whispered Roger again. " Tell me where you—buried—Rose that infernal time. I know you made away with her. Her face-has haunted and cursed me for years. And I'd like to know " But Jack Kinton was dead. . . . An liour before the dawn, Roger Neville was digging deep for the expected treasure in the spot indicated below the Hunter's Tuft He was feverishly exultant at the thought of the anticipated wealth. He thought not of Jack Kinton lying cold, dead, and neglected in the castle He started back aghast. Horror of horrors What had he dug up ? A woman's body. A woman's body preserved by the peculiar soil all those odious years. And it was—the body of his first wife, Rose ! . . . He lay on the heath and groaned. Now, he dimly understood; nay, he thought, be understood clearly. Kinton's mind Qiad been wandering at the last He had confused the place of the treasure and the spot where he had buried the hapless woman in that old evil time. What a ghastly ironic mistake! He A soft step beside him made him rise and turn in dismay. An oath escaped him, when he found himself face to face with Mjllicent She gave one wild cry and put her hands to her face. " Why did you follow me ?" he gasped —for 'his voice bad all but failed him. "More of your—your—suspicions. Oh, go, go back! I will explain all when I return, when I have buried this hapless body. It is Kinton's old, evil work. I swear 1 am no murderer." Sobbing convulsively, Millicent Neville hurried away from that terrible scene. She was in the throes of fever when her husband reached the castle. She never recovered, poor sweet soul I And Usheenmore to-day looks so peaceful and sweet you would never as- sociate it with a tragedy.— " AVeekly Sun." 