P§, Simon and Jude. INDUCTION OF REV. E. S. WILKINSON TO BOWRAL. The induction of the Re?. Edwin Stanley Wilkinson to the above parish took plnco in tlio church on Sun day afternoon Inst, the sacred edifice being almost filled-the actual number present being 260. There was a largo nnmhor of parishioners, who liad been invited to join in prayer for a blessing on the new rector's ministry. There were also present many representatives from the other local churches. The Rev. George Sheppard, of Berrima, tho rnrftl dean, conducted the induction service, and delivered the sermon. At 8.80 p.m. tho Revs. E. S. Wilkinson and G. Sheppard, accompanied hy two of tho churohwar dens (Dr. T. 0. FiRhcr and Mr. F. B. ICyngdon) entered tho church from tho vestry. Hymn 59G, commencing'"Pour down Thy Spirit from on high," was sung, and appropriate prayers offered. Tho choir sang the three proper Psalms. It was a raro treat to be privileged to listen to the simple, cultured addross of tho Rev. G. Sheppard Taking for his text " Where there is no vision the people perish (Prov. 29, 18), or in the Revised Ver sion " The people ctret off restraint," Mr. Shoppard explained the nature of a proverb or w.ise saying as " Truth established by experience.'' This he illus trated by several familiar' examples, all "of which helped to elucidate tho.losson of the text that super ficiality worked for ill. People now-a-days took no pains to securo a vision or insight, and in conse quence lacked wisdom,und learnt not by experience. Proceeding to unfold the nature of man in contrast to that of the animal, ho instanced how that if tho young of a bird bo entirely isolated, the laws of Nature provide for tho "unerring development to their fullest extent of its faculties. It will sing nl though it had never heard a note; hut with man, if his higher nature be not carefully developed, he will degenerate to the level of an animal. Let a child be isolated liko tho young bird, and what will be tho result ? Tho true nim of human existence was then onlar'ged upon. The preacher defined it as " lifo unto God." Whether we live, wo live unto tho Lord; or whether wo aio, we die unto tho Lord; whether we live, therefore,or die,wo are the Lord's." Man, moreover, does not live unto himself, but unto his neighbour, and tho end of a selfish lifo is shown by Tennyson in words that wero quoted by the preacher. The higher faculties of man need development, and the minister is to bo regarded not so mnoh from his social aspect, but from the higher standpoint-as a teacher sent from God, an ambas sador from Christ. The closing passage of this beautiful discourse was an impassioned appeal to the congregation to accord their new pastor their prayors, their attontion to him as a teaohcr sent from God, and they wore exhorted to cheer his heort with their sympathies.. The sermon wos followed with, tho utmost attention,, the general opinion being that a great privilege had been enjoyed, ami the wish was universal that fnrthor opportunities rnay be in store for hearing Mr. Sheppard in St. Judo's. Hymn 597, commencing 11 Come ye yourselves apart and rest awhile." During the singing the offertory was taken up, amounting to £5/13/1. This, added to the profits of the oonversazionoof \veloome, £9/18/, totals up £15/11/1, which will be devoted to the rectory renovation fund. Addressing the congregation, tho Rural Dean said : " Dearly beloved in tho Lord, wo pnrposo now to institute to the cure of souls in the parish this our brother in Christ. And forasmuch as this is a weighty ofBce to which he is here celled ; that is to say, to bo a messenger, watchman,, and steward of the Lord ; to teach and to premonisb, to feed and provide for tho Lord'B family,; and to seek for Christ's sheep that are scattered abroad ; we beseech you, as many as are here present, to join-with'us in hearty prayer to Almighty God, that Ho- will grant to this onr brother grace to serve Him faithfully, !>oIh in word and deed, and to lie in all things a pattern to the flock committed to his keeping." Dr. Fisher, as clergyman's churchwarden and act ing for tho Bishop's registrar, road the License from the Arehhishop of Sydney appointing the Rov. E. S. WilJtinsnn as minister of the parish, and delivered it into his hands. The Rural Dean, addressing the nowly-appointed clergyman, said : -" Be thou a fait'iful minister of God's Holy Word and Sacraments, and a faithful paBtor under tho greatShepherd of souls." "ThoLord preserve thy going out and thy coining in from thii) time forth for evermore." And addressing tho people " Hear tho words of St. Paul,.written in the fifth chapter- of the first epistle of Thossalonians: 'We beseech yon, breth ren, to know them which are over you in the Lord, and admonish you ; and to esteem them very highly in love for their works' sake and be at peaco amongst yourselves; I charge and exhort you, dearly beloved, to pray continually for this your minister oalled to the spiritual oversight of this parish, and to assist him zealously and' lovingly fn all the duties of his holy calling. ' Bear ye ono another's burdens arid bo fulfil tho law of Christ.' " After an interval of space for silent prayer, the beautiful hymn, " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls in spire,".was sung,(and closing prayers were offered. 