THE CHRISTMAS "OBSERVER." A portly number is that of "TheAdelaide Observer" for Christmas. It is issued today, and is full almost to repletion with niental pabulum of a very wholesome and digestive character, varied enough in ail conscience to suit the omnivorous reader and the epicure alike. Humour is rampant in the" story -of the popular writer tteron iblia-vv, "An Apostate Mormon in Australia," which is repiete with episodes having tiie touch of satire and a fund of comicality almost Giibertian. The marvellous exploits of the : alleged modern Crusoe, de Rougemont, pale beiore the experiences or Jonn 'l'uistle,' sailing master in Flinders's ship the Investigator, as graphically neiatwi by hiin through C. Tael, under the tide "A Shipmate of Flinders." The hero out-Jonahs the prophet Jonah in his cruise in a whale's interior, and appears to have enjoyed himself a deal better as a passenger, being a man of far greater resource, and possessed of sailor-like energy, in which Jonah was larjentably lacking. The narrative is an exceedingly clever skit upon de ltougeniont, and reads remarkably well; moreover, it is profuse!}- illustrated in a style that, to use a common phrase, "goes the other man one better" for sensation. A short story, "A Man, a Woman, and a Snake," might suggest a notable episode which started the wanderings of our race, but it happens to be a pleasant little yarn of the bush in this prosaic end of a century instead of tie year one, when Adam had. no tailor. Another writer tells of tbe fate of Lady Rolleston's diamonds in an interesting fashion; there is a charming touch of nature in Florence Marryatt's "The Christ Child," and infinite pathos in Lilian Miller's "Little Tim," a tale of a street waif; and Racy Schlank has woven romance round a native custom in her contribution, "The Feathered Shoes." The name of Fergus Hume is so well known as a weaver of strong yarns of human interest that it is sufficient to say that he has contributed a ghost story. Apt illustrations are scattered through the letterpress, and readers will find every page packed with absorbing matter, solid or light, and in some cases blended, because, in addition to what has been enumerated, there are literary titbits, notably, "What Christmas Brings," verses, scraps, and quips in plenty. The body of "The Observer" contains the usual big budget of news up to date, and with the number goes a coloured copy of a painting, "Consolation," as touching in its significance as that pathetic picture in our Art Gallery, "All that was left to 'love," which has brought tears to the eyes of thousands who have studied the" sweetfaced little maiden mourning over a dead goldfinch. In "Consolation" the child, distressed at the destruction of a doll, has a sympathizer in a faithful dog—the drawing tells its own tale. 