' THE DEAD PAST,' (BY 'JAP.') To-night I sit listlessly before the chamber grate, while, from the -darkness wi bon*, tbe moaning of the wind comes as a dreary echo of world misery. To- day, with its errors, its disappointments, and, worst of all, i's selfish, unmanlines?, spreads before the inner vision. How the shadows of ambif'oa and self indulgence— stripped at this silrnt hour of their fleeting pleasure— haunt the mermry ! Petnlantlf I ransack the hook -she f. Favourite tumors have lost their exorcism, and in slighting discontent I glance now at this book, and now at that One faded, brown paper covered volnme — ' Fck Maimie's Sake,' and written by Grant Allen— has some faded band- wri ling upon the fly-leaf that arrests my attention. Swiftly thoughts fly backward. Reclining in an easy chair, I resign myself to reveries of a fast life. How real it all was then. Beyond was the unknown, peopled with a humanity eager for great leaders and de liverers— hesce for me. How like a memory of som: glimpse of fairyland it all seems now! Now, in its utter dependence upon the world, life jeans only— egotistic And now— there cimes to me the sarlnriis of remorseful longing Crossing the room I raise the lid of the Davenport. A faint perfume of dried flwers— (he ghost of their former sweetness — escapes as it opens. I take out a small packet of letters and a photograph. With trembling fingers I lower the lamp light ; in the waning brightness of the fire I gaze upon the picture. As I stoop upon the hetrth-rug the letters fall unnoticed to the 8oor. A*, last ? a groan, a quick pressing of lips to the photographed semnlacce. and then— with a bitter laugh the picture is tossed up an the coals and I rise from the rug. My foot touches the letters. Stooping again, I place these, too, upon the fire. They flare qu ckly, end as quickly leave a deeper darkness than before. Only the Ma' in bells, as they ring in another day of ambitious toil, sound a last reqtdeaj^ir tie ideals of my Img ago. I gaz- still at the blackened embers. My dead past*can never altogether bury its dead. 