J>UBL1SH£D BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT, The grinding Mills of (Sod ■** Author of tht IUlre," "Kitty tbt Uag*/' "A Husband of No Importance,' "A Womaa In It," "Joan and Mrs. Corr," ' 6o.| fco. CHAPTER XXXVI.—(Contiuuttl.) ''HEN' James LangrisTic re turned to the house his heart heat a little quicker as he approached the plane •where that ghastly face had for a second's space seemed to flash out of the shrouding darkness. The inoon was still-shining down through the drifting clouds. But neither form nor face was visible. Yet James Langrishe's'own 'face'was ashy white as he stepped once snore into the .glow of warmth and light. He bolted the outer door, and returned to the dining-room, and stirred the .fire into a blaze, and lit every candle he could find. Then he poured himself out half a tumbler of whisky, dashed in some sodawater, and drank it off. ' I'll carry a pistol about me for the future,1 lie said aloud, as if speaking to some unknown listener. ' I'll have no tricks played on me. AVho talks of ghosts ? There are 110 ghosts. "We live, or we die—there's an end of us. Carrion, rotting tack to its own clay, feediog the • worms. Ghosts ? What old women's tales to frighten silly girls and children.' " j He paced the room in a fcTored . manner, pushing aside chairs, talking all the time wildly and incoherently. * Someone passing along the hall, with a candle in her hand, paused before tlmt closed door, and listened with frigh tened eyes to ■ the strange talk and movement going on within. It was Bridget Lchane. - 4 Muska, mother of mercy,' she cried to herself, •' hut the quarc goings on there is in this house, an' sorra a place at all, at all, for a daccnt curl to live in. Shure, 'tia- the mastVer has the onaisy conscience, and why should he at all only for the things as he knows an' I daren't be lettin* on about seein' as how a prison was in the taycup to- night, when mesclf waslookin' at the leaves!' She crossed herself, and stole softly back to the kitchen. For many and many a night she had chosen to sleep there on a settle.before the fire, rather than go upstairs to her bedroom. - James Langrishc had been a week at Knoekminoss. It was known that the furniture and house were to he sold, and that he had made over his practice to Dr. Conolly. These facts gave rise to a great deal of talk, bnt talk is so much the natnral province of Irish folk that the wagging of tongues meant less to the ' waggers1 than an outsider would have supposed. Yet looks askance were cast at the hand some doctor when he drove through the town or along the outlying roads, and there were many who said the change in his appearance was due more to fear than to grief.. Yet still, all the whispered rumours amounted to very little, and as yet none had reached his own ears. When he was in the house lie was for ever sort ing papers, burning letters, packing books and surgical instruments, anil generally, dismantling the establishment, but the servants noticed he never went ncar^his wife's apartments, and her wardrobe and jewellery were packed under, the superintendence of. Mrs. Conolly, who gave him the keys after wards. • p His iron will kept him there day after day, and gave him strength, too, for the hateful tasks that must he done. Once be turned his back oh Knock min'oss, heresolTed never to enter it bfgain. His,'present bravado had a ' purpose to serve, hut with every night his terrors grew apace, and his nerves "needed more? and more of "that false stimulant that sent him reeling up to his hated room in the small hours of the morning,, to close his eyes in a drunken stupor that rested neither mind nor body. A child can kindle a flame that half an army cannot extinguish. 'In like man ner a chance word, dropped by an idle tongue, is ofttimes the seed that sows a field of dragon's teeth in a single night. Bridget Lch'aue had a sweetheart, and the said sweetheart was a member of the constabulary. Reticence is assuredly no fault of her nation, and reticence to a sweetheart on any subject connected with her own life anil its incidents would hare been ail impossibility. So it came to pass that Jimmy "\YheIan was informed of everything conuected with the doctor, and the affairs generally of Knockrainoss, and how he always earned a pistol iu his coat, and how he drank himself into raging lunacy every night ,of his life. . Jimmy was not one whit sharper or more brilliant than others of his persua sion, hut he took to thinking things OTer, and they seemed to him as to Bridget,' mighty ijuare.' Still, nothing was said, and the preparations for leaving' Knockminoss went 011 apace; but during the second week the story of the ghost was once more revived, and' not a soul from shop or farm would tread the avenue after dusk for any bribe or persuasion. The stories got to Dr. Conolly's cam, and Dr. Conolly had a wife, aud he and tho wife talked together over Dr. Langrislie's curious dislike to the place and his hurried preparations for de parture, and his strange reticence about his future plans. It needed a woman's wit to put her finger on the weak point of tho chain of circumstances. Mrs. Conolly was the woman. ' Lady Pfolliott is leaving also; her place is to be shut up, the lodgekeeper told me. I wonder if he wiU marry her, aftor a time. He can't pretend to ho sony for his wife's death. Every one knew he was infatuated with that woman, and his freedom came' most opportunely.' Dr. Conolly kept silence for some moments. His thoughts were hack with a seeno in the gray dawn of a September morning. He remembered a hasty snmmons, a confused account of a strange seizure, the story of the little nurse and her agitation, the certificate he had been asked to sign, the hurried funeral, the strange symptoms of the London nurse, which had puzzled him at the outset of her illness, the abrupt departure of the widower, and now his determination to sell his place, even at a loss, and leave Ireland altogether. The more he thought the morc_ he remembered. The more he remSSn bored, the less he liked. He grew nervous, suspicious, uncomfortable, and it was while in this mood that he was informed'that one Jimmy lYhclan, of the constabulary, was below iii the kitchen and desired urgently to have word with him. 