Footlight Facts. [BY "PASSE PARTOUT,*'] He came, he saw, but didn't conquer Cremoriie—Mr. Herbert Quin, character vocalist. What'sinaname ? Bob Bell is daybilled as " Rob" lieli. Roberto's troubles as long as the ghost walks. A veteran is John Tudor. Doubl ing with Jake Friedmann he was for years a Sydney favorite. He has been doing work at Cremorne during the week. Miss Addie Place will play principal girl to Miss Lucy Fraser's principal boy in the Perth Theatre Royal Christmas panto. " The two K's" trick bicyclists, who will be seen in their specialties in the T.R. Xmas panto, are reported to be AI at Lloyds. - " The firm"—Jones & Lawrence— have seemingly come to stay at Cremorne Gardens. Novelties in store for the holiday season. Miss Ada Baker did not go to the Helds with Messrs. Thom.-s & Rottchi's Vaudeville company. Willie Freear has been going big at Coolgardie ahd Kalgoorlie. The same William would be a success in pan torn'm% I should think. Mr. Herbert Ouin can lay the lialtering unction to his soul, and soles, that he was accorded the ' warmest' recep ion ever given a performer in Perth —at. Cre.nonie last Saturday night. 5 he modern Actress (to Willkm Sykes, Esq., who is burglaring her boudoir) 4 Please, dear, kind Fillie, do take my jewel case.' Burglar— 1 Gam' Taint no bloomhf advertising liagent. 1 The Barlow Sisters—Coralie and Hebe—did not go to the fields with the Thomas- Rottou Continental Vaudeville show. They are resting in Perth, prior to returning to Melbourne. The Continental Gardens will be re-opened b\\- the Thomas-Ilolton combination on or about Boxing night—26th inst. The Lingard Sisters, song and dance serios, will then be with the show. Syd. Deane has been getting encores in plenty at Rickards's Melbourne Opera House. The * larrikin-Johnnies"' to whom the WEST AUSTRALIAN dealt it out in no measured t ?rms last Monday, are both Kalgoorlieites. Jones and Lawrence have also made up their minds not to allow any Tom (or Harry) fooleiy 111 Cremorne Gardens. " Haresfoot" writes—" Know ye by this token O CHRONICLE that more than one pro. who" did the, trip to the goldfields with the " My Sweetheart" Co. wept and wailed and gnashed his (and her) t^cth upon learning of Mr. William Gour lay's sudden departure for Melbourne last Friday week. They (the " let in" pros) feel like singing (and acting). Haul him back again." The Phunuv Phellow, Charlie W, Cogill, is now in the Melbourne Opera House bill. In Bland Holt's great bohemian drama " Sporting Life'' at the Mel bourne Royal last week, a horserace, jumping, a boxing match between J. MacGowan and Tim Hegarty, and a flight of carrier pigeons, were among the • sensations ' PARAPHERNAL! A. Bob Bejl has been making a bull's eye hit with the song of the above title at Cremorne. The local topical verses he has been singing for the last five nights, and getting doublebarrelled encores. 