RHYME AND REASON. Bt PADDymelon. How these councillors love one another ! I mean these Trades Hall councillors, of course. The desire to wade in William Tremvith's gore seems to amount to quite a passion with several members, and if the member for Richmond has not insured his life it is his solemn duty to his family to have it done at once. Now that things are so quiet in Parliament, and there is so little prize-fighting to be seen about the city, I think the Lygonstreet hall might be niade qwte a profitable institution With clever management. An an- nouncement in the , . press that the Richmond Spring Chicken and the Bully. Boy of the Bruisers' Union were going to debate a question of ethics in fifteen rounds, " Markiss o' Qiieensbree" rules, would be bound to draw a crowd, and a charge of half-a-crown admission would go far towards restoring the all to a condition of affluence and pride. ThcTrenwith- Bayst mill was evidently a merry little affair while it lasted, and it was a pity to waste it. Evidently ho man should aspire to be a member of the Trades Hall Council who has not graduated in Mick Nathan's school:— There was talk on that occasion That was never quite polite, And the power of moral suasion Was abandoned for the night When a member indiscreetly Whacked another on the chin ; Then the other countered neatly, And the couple waded iu. Hear them slanging, Hear 'em banging, Hear the dull and dreadful thud, Hear the rattle Of the battle, And'the horrid swish of blood ! Gift of gab is very handy Down in Lygon-street, they say. Well for you if you can bandy Words with rivals in the way, But more useful with your mauler 'Tie to be expert instead If you can't convince the brawler Yon can punch his bally head ! Up and thrash hiin. Biff him, smash him ; If at scrapping you are deft, Should he slight your Solemn right you re Bound to bash him with your left! Castleniainc now possesses a ghost; no town iu the country is long without one. The peculiar feature of the Castlemaine goblin is its great height, and, like all other spooks, it makes a speciality of scaring women and children. It is not. to be inferred from this that the adult male does not pick up his heels and make a rush into the distance when he gets a sight of the spectre, but it is a generous concession to the lord of creation to declare that the scare is confined to women and children. I remember, when one of the numerous ghosts that have haunted Cluues was in active operation, a man disappeared from his family one evening shortly after tea, 1 and returned next morning in a- nervous and dishevelled condition, with a wild story. He had gone out for a moment after tea in the dark, and when returning towards his ho'use saw the ghost flaunting its draperies in, the yard, whereupon he fled frantic and far, in quest of assistance, he said, but he did not get back till daylight next morning. The man described the terrifieappearanceofthespectre, which wasall white, and was throwiug itself about in a most eccentric fashion,- and breathing the customary blue fire. Then he got down to. particulars as to time; and place, and his wife suddenly cut in with: " Why, you : Qld fool, you 1 that was just me shakin' the tablecloth." Surely Professor MarshallHail is an Irishman; it cannot be that a mere effeminate Sassenach -is capable of the Celtic enthusiasm for a scrim that he has'ex-. liibited on several occasions, and which he openly avowed at the Liedertafel concert on Monday night. It was a peaceful occasion ; the Professor was called upon to perfdrnv the liiild office of presenting Mr. August .Siede with a small "shJip" of a baton, but the jOrmond man had no sooner mounted his legs and gripped the stick than the latter became a <most tremendous bludgeon, an "emblem of war," and the gentle Mr. Siede was swelled into the des endanfc of " two great and warlike nations." Tare-an' ouns ! how the Professor did whoop it up 'and howl for slaughter. In ten seconds 'he Mas vaunting war, in ten more he craved for - buckets of blood, and thenceforward he went' raging through the language, with his hair streaming in the breeze, and .his nostrils distended, rhapsodising about the pleasures of a. sliiudy feud 1 the terrific magnificence of wading in among yowr enemies and bashing them into fragments with a conductor's baton:— By some silly mistake the Professor Is a genial musical cove Who should be a terrific transgressor— Sort of minor, magnificent Jove. He's conducting a band armed with fiddles, When a band he should boss of the kind That its foe with the bayonet riddles, And goes slaying bald-headed and blind. When the spirit of fury o'er takes him, And the gust of dire devilment shakes him, He's an object of fear, He's a bad buccaneer, He 's a pirate, a brigand—a barrel of beer Is a drop to his thirst, and the hunger he knows Would account for a million of ravening foes ! Mister Hall herds with slow, human -cattle Who are fat, and run greatly to hair, Men who love not the riot of battle, And who never go out on a tear. Think—oh ' think, of his anguish, ye clients, Who must fill a luxurious berth, When he's mad to be hacking up giants, And distorting the face of the eartl'! Fig for pease—'tis a baby's delusion, Give to him only thund'ous confusion, Give him storming and strife When there's blood-spilling rife, And the savage, inhuman, grand struggle for life Let him strive with Old Nick for the conquest of Hell! * -• • • Give him air—some Cologne, girls,, the Professor's not well. The lesson of the recent prosecution of the members of that humble .Ijittle democratic club',known as the Two-up„ School, Little Bonrke-street, lias not be&4oIii ^ii a few -of ;the ^ disgusted members thereof, judging fey a pathetic slab of. rhyme thai 3ia6 just fallen into my hands. It is the work of a member of the school, and is addressed to a pal in Sydney :— Say, Nipper, have yer heard the way the bally' oppers come, An' bust the little school what we was runnin' in the slum, An' run us in, an' how the beak turned on his blanky jore, Chucked off at us, an' fined us fer defyic' of the lore ? . I reckon it's a bleedin' shame—the bleedin'est I've known— ' A cove can't do a decent little gamble on his own An' Ginger Crepes, an' Micky Mick', an'Bandy Brown an' me Is on to start a school got up with style an' dignitee. . , , We'll dress in evehin' clobber, like we owned a bhiomin' pub.— Black suits an' little weskits, same en Johnniec at a club; We'll call our school a swagger name, same's those where squatters meet, An' we'll run it high and haughty in a hall in Collings-street! 'Cos, see, the swells don't get run in fer runnin' euchre schools; , The Melbin Club ain't lumbered like a howlin' lot o''fools, An' ours will be respected when we do the thing in style, So when you come remember gloves, an' evenin' togs and tile ! * * * * • Ernest Terah Hooley—the financial Hooley Terah—has come forth with his long-expected sensational disclosures, and they are quite as sensational as even the evening papers could desire. Not the smallest of Mr. Hooley's ventures, it appears, was an endeavour to buy up the British peerage, and lie had progressed very well when , the crash came. Had Ernest only managed to keep his end up a little longer he might have financed a pretty considerable minority of the House of Lords; and a large assortment of other aristocrats. I wonder the great speculator did not float tliis portion of Ins business-into a limited liability company, too. It would - look very fetching on a pros- pectus^-" The Peers and Old Nobles Acquisition Company' Limited, in 50,000 shares at|£5 a-piece A company to. buy- up and acquire all rights in Peers and prpminent.titled persons as promoters of public companies; and members,of boards,Ac." Tlie peers ^ig^ M -paid for, the. exclusive use of 'theirservices iii this capacity, and then lured out : to company , promoters at a heavy profit. There is. jiioney .in the'jdcaj l think. What will Mr. Hooley do the fe^J,aristocrats, the Dukes of Plaza 'ip&t; w^oin he h£s purchased ? . Are they his property^ or do they go in with the estate as a market- able asset! poor Booiey. peddling thoiu m get a fresh start • The last seen world ? cataract down h is m .,.|( teaching, in it ,,„ tf i a s m ^ *rge. globular and blubbmg hi-,- a bigfatS^ . .- ThcSy.] fi ,y peopled. : lhat happened early ou tt, ciljtfj m , Of last election dav, WhenRcid the uugfitv, _Whose iove for Barton s!em " 5^gho U tt} i efigl lt ,ky| ti i Ox iidmuiKj, with extended BriJ To greet him; then the hr^1 on lug ueckaud wept. The strom; man willisana,- So people hay vim know,' Is something terrible to m- A thing ot liamelesB woo. But sadder 'tis to sec ihe llej,l, Endeavouring to cheek The tears that rise au j aaml And how does Barton agonise 4 To have a man of George's sdrtj Fall bang upou his peek! Thev say when Reid had j;a<ii They wrung j.toor Barteosil And then they liung him tip toi : But this 1 rather douU, i. Some swear a single ReidvtetS Engulfed him on thcghMdS They gan t<-feai he r d need afc But saved him i>v exertionsd And treatment veeoniinenildi For jit-rsoiis nearly diws Pkjemikk Rkjd's Federalattilny a precedent in the celebrated (fir on bne occasion in the Irish I'&r; that he iiitcndeil to " answer boP tive, "NO!" Punch has no particular Ejiup defendant in a recent ridicu squabble. ' He is not the kindof J oue is likely to phed tears oiM laughter, but t he attitude ol tf towards him the other day calls demnation. Olive, iiieeusfid lr* iuterniption on the part of his« J. M'Keau, holly resented tle W told the burlv man of lawtMlieF* and ugly eiumjih" to mindiiM' something to that effect Tkl "for protection to the Court. promptly sent defendant to gaol : Bench turn-! a deaf eirtjxW who pleaded for a tine, aurf [Wfi committal to gaol would mean« rights and oilier serious disadvasUM This is a pid i..- matter, and mw livtely shamei u! that the mi i much Bpkwi ill punishing a •all, was »••) guilty, f B but of o.^.empL ot lawn, long recu : _> • the absurditj litigant in a eourtof latitude th.<t i E ^nded k JO merely a middleman. told defendant thai he was ^J 1 enough" ^ore resentmen* of infer that Olim means insist on rey^. J ^ punishtne"! w-as ndicuM^ the painf"' « l S erne f t %5 the mosi Why sho the Roll the operation dm affect hi*; sta^ ^ a liic: freeman "I ^If'iaJ •rlv of the Josses "u- 1 " e of the> M-ffc-ji plain hi" conscqi". cattle in vhi-; the beast*i tanner •lares that colony My i-,v these ^ ' ^rn ^ S * ^ miliio'- - brcede. fixing.' Stob^te compel fiedvay owners j and oomriaiirt; branding^ such an Act a5« semtointr^^ . fact that our .ggLfl&fc; foolish b»mdingW A law. . ^ 