W I L D E E L IN HER ESCAFADES, ADVENTURES AND BITTER SORROWS. BY WILLIAM BLACK. CHAPTER XV.— (CONTINUED. Early next morning, while as yet the grey and golden and purple dawn had not wholly declared itself above the wooded heights, Archie Gilchrist was out at the Islands, that were now as solitary and silent as death; and he was nacme slowlv along the winding paths that led through suc cessive wildernesses of shrubbery, under the over-arching limes and sycamores. Per haps he had not slept much during the night; perhaps he had not slept at nil; for there are occasions that leave haunting memories, demanding that every glance and word shall be recalled, with anxious fears lest this or that phrase may have been misinterpreted. It was only in a mechani cal way that Ire looked abroad over the wideglaneing river, whose continuous mur mur seemed to speak of distant things; apd it was with unobservant sight that he regarded tho objects near him — the narrow channels with their tea-brown current — the hanging hushes of ash and aldei--the smooth avenues through the undergrowth. But presently he came to a more open glade: and here lir> ant. r4/ui<-n nn «-!«» ».««« \- - via V4iw Danl;, opposite a long weir over which the broad stream came foaming, white and loud; and in a vacant sort of way he gazed, aud continued te gaze, at the rushing water — while tho new day stole into, the awakening heavens, and the hills in the west cainc out of the night. V' i thin the range of his vision there was another object, though ho did not deliber ately look at it — nay, he rather avoided look ing at it; it iyas a house of red sandstone, an ay on the other side of the spacious stream, and further down; rather n picturesque house, amply adorned with ivy, and surrounded with trees and gardens and temiis laivn, adjacent to the open fields, and overlooking the river. At one corner on the first floor-there was a window, consisting of two nrched partitions; they were so far away from him that each section hardly seemed to have more than the breadth of a half-crown. That was Eelin Macdonald's room; he knew it was so, because she her self had described tlie view from it; and he knew also that sooner or later the white blind would he raised. No, ho did not look tlint way; and yet somehow his eyes were conscious of the narrow and arched parti tions, and the little iron balcony beneath, with its glow of scarlet geraniums and yel low calceolarias. Sooner or later the white bliAd would be raised;, and the time was drawing on; there was sunlight now on the red front of the house, on the ivy, on the black araucana, on tlio brilliant garden plots. I-Ie felt liimself on intruder, a spy — oven at this great distance; but there was a strange fascination and compulsion thai held him there. Unknown to himself, he now and again shivered a little; perhnps tlie wind blowing up the Great Glen— from the regions about Loch Ruthven and Castle Ur- qnlinrt— may have been a trifle cold. And then he rose and walked away home, somewhat sick at heart, and hopeless. And this he had forgotten — not once during all these long hours had ho given a single glance towards the south, to see whether the visionary towers of tho abbey still rose pale and silvery-grey and phantasmal ho- yond the soft green uplands. CHAPTER XVI.— "THERE CAM' A YOUNG MAN." now no you ao, airs. Maeuonaicl : May I have the pleasure of introducing to you my friend, Lord Mountmahon ?" The speaker was a tall, elderly person, with a livid skin, a little white moustache, and cold grey eyes; his name was Major Forres, and he had achieved some measure of distinction in his day, outside tho limits of his own profession; for, as war correspon dent, and generally under the influence of whisky, he had blustered and lied all over Enstern Europe; -though now lie had re tired to his native country, to bluster and lie on golf links and nt nft'ernoon teas. The Bcnn-an Tighearn disliked liim; Eelin hated him; hut none the less his assurance gave him the run of the house, especially when, as on the present occasion, he had some fa vor to demand. Tlie pot-boy-looking younger man, who was very smartly dressed, with a red be gonia in his button hole — advanced to the two ladies, and there was a most ingratia ting grin on his rotund features; and his manner was not at all had. And although his eyes went hack again ajid again to Eelin Macdonald, with an, open admiration that needed no other avowal, it was to lior mother that lie had the tact chiefly to address himself. "You see, I'vo often wished to call on you," said lie, with an easy self-confidence, "if only to make an- apology. Upon my word, I never think of you, or hear your name mentioned, hut I consider myself an interloper. I do, indeed. Why should I he in Kinvnig House, and you here?" '"Oh, hut that is an old", story, Lord Mountmnlion," said tho elder lady, with a gracious smile. "And I am sure you had nothing to do with the sale or the purchase of the estate. You are merely -the tenant under Sir Charles Orme, as anyone else might he; and besides, when one sells any thing, one may regret the circumstances that compel the sale, but it would be rather unreasonable to blame the buyer." "Oh, that's all very well," said he, dog gedly.; "that's all very well; but one has got a consoienee, don't you know; and I feel myself an interloper; and I wish to apologise. If there is anything I can do— you just say the word and I'll do it. I'm not a bad sort, as you may have heard. I like a little fnn; but where's the harm in that? I want to do tho right thing; yes, I do. And look here, now; sometimes you come to Glengarva, to lend a helping hand to some of the old people. Well, then, why not make use of Kinvaig House? Do you, think I will inflict myself on you? Oh, but I won't though! I'll turn every man jack out of the place; and we'll put up at the inn; and Miss Macdonald and you and your maid and your coachman can have the house to yourselves, jnst as long as it suits you. Of course, I would leave the servants. There's no one else now to receive you — no one else now; you must have seen in the newspapers what hap pened " "I am sure we were most grieved to hear of that terrible accident," said Eelin's mother, in her sympathetic way — though it was difficult even to mention such a thing. "Oh," said he, lightly, "it was just my luck. I have tho most awful luck. I was horn like that. Still, wc must tide along, don't you know. Little use sitting down and folding your hands. A good old whole some weep may he a comfort to you ladies, now and again; hut a man hasn't time. There's things to he done. There's the every day work of the world. You've got to eat your dinner, whatever happens; and that s what I call common sense. No use fretting. Up and be doing is my motto. You only livc once, and you've got to make the most of it. It's only kiddies who cry over spilt milk. Very well," he continued, in his brisk and cheerful and chirrupy manner— and now it was to the younger lady he had turned, with a hold and audacious gaze that considerably abashed her who was not readily abashed. "Look here, Miss Mac donald, I would like to get up something for your amusement — something tlint would amuse your mother and you; and I have got a notion. Not my own, of course; some other fellow did it. I forget who he was; never mind; wise men invent ideas, but wiser men make use of them; and I'm not particular to a hair. It's this kind of tiling. You know where the Highland line comes through the Drnmouchter Forest, up be yond Dalwhinnie. It's a pretty lonely neigh borhood, that is. One could have one's sky lark without the risk of many spectators being about. And when I say I want to amuse vou, I mean it. I don't confine my self to "a twopenny-nalfpenny picnic, with- champagne cup gone fiat and earwigs crawl ing about the dishes. My idea is to do tlie thing slap up or let it alone. And if you'll let me drive you from Kingussie, I'll get a proper turnout, you trust me; and you needn't he afraid to put yourselves in my charge, for I can take a team along. Yes, I can. I don't like to boast, hut if there's one thing I have at my fingers' ends, it's the handling of the ribbons. See me in Bond- street of n July afternoon — half-past 4 — just nt its crowdcdost — a smart four-in-liniid —lively horses— a pretty woman on the box — and you would say I could run that ma chine to rights. The major will bear me out. Can't I do it, Forres?" "You can, Mounty, you can," said the saturnine person with the cold grey ees. "His lordship, Mrs. Macdonald, iB a capitnl whip; nnd more than that he lias an ex cellent regard for the Bafety of his own neck; so you uoed not fear he will throw you over embankments." "But — hut — I don't quite understand the proposal," said Mrs. Macdonald, rather be wildered. "Oh, I'm coming to that," continued tlie bullet headed and crop haired young man ; and Miss Eelin, reseiitful in her 'maiden pride, was glad that for the moment he had censed his too familar scrutiny of her fea tures and form. "Yes, I'm coming to that. For what are ordinary imiusenients? Nothing! They're amusements that don't amuse— not one little blooming hit. They're nil nlnV'nd rttif Wall TNrrt ltnnit llilnl'tnt You may say it isn't a habit of mine; but then I don't profess to he one of the clever Johnnies; and that's so much to my credit. And when you can get your tliiiikng done for you, by paying a penny, or three pen nies, for a newspaper, what's the use of your bothering? Let the other fellows think; tlicy earn their living that way; and a deuced good living, too, I'm told — thpir broughams, and their dining with arch bishops, and their shoots in Norfolk; enter taining their friends as if they wore to tlie manor born — manor, d'ye see — manor, not manner — Gad, I don't so often make a joke that 1 can let it he missed " "Awful old, Mounty," said his compa nion. "Never mind. Good vintage. Improves by keeping," rejoined liis lordship, with per fect complacency. "And this is what I mean to do. Miss Macdonald. I mean to buy two railway engines — rather a costly perfomianco— hut it's no good sticking at trifles. You only live once. Two railway engines. I'll havo them taken up to that lonely part of tlie line, and I'll have tliem separated by about a mile; then full speed ahead— and the engineers jump off— and the two engines come at each other like two hulls. That will he something to see! 1 think you will be impressed. I think you will be struck " "I hope not," said Eelin's mother, look ing down. "Oh, I don't mean that way. I'll take care of you ladies. I'll havo a platform erected on the hill-side. I'll keep you out of harm. But the crash will be something for you to remember. It will be something recherche, or I'm a sinner. Most people who have seen a railway collision have lost a leg or an inn in consequence, or got them selves eternally bustod to bits; but here you sit in your armchair and look oil — you've nothing to fear — you watch the two engines cumo careering along, and then there's tlie tremendous bash, as if the whole universe was knocked into smithereens " Of a sudden his lordBliip stopped. Eelin's bluek cat, Beelzebub, had come noiselessly in at the open. door. Mountmahon stared, in a suspicious manner; then he winked his eyes twice, and stared nguin; hut wlieu ho saw Miss Eelin catch the animal into her lap, and begin to stroke it, he appeared to ho reassured, and restuned. "Yes, I think that will he something rather splendid. The two iron hulls coining full speed at each other, and then the ter- rifio smash, and splinters flying to the skies, and the roaring of the steam. Rather neat. Rather recherche. What do you say, Mrs. Macdonald?" "You may nmuse yourself with the fancy, Lord Mountiniihou," Eelin's mother an swered him, "but of course you could never really contemplate such extravagance and waste." "What I want I get," said the pudding faced young man, with all the firmness of which his features were capable, "or at least I make an amazing good try." And then again he turned to Eelin, staring at her all over as lie spoke. "And when it's to pay a compliment or to give pleasure to one's friends— one's particular friends — I try a hundred tinies harder, you may take your oath on that. And I generally succeed. Yes, I do. I generally manage. I've got a way, you know. He'll never be happy till he gets it, like somebody's soap; and I gene rally get the soap. Now, what do you say, Miss Macdonald? — or will you forgive me if I ask you what your Christian name is?" Miss Eelin did not, or could not, reply; she was disconcerted; her dignity was wounded; to have her Christian name de manded by a stranger, und that stranger impudently staring at her — why, it was like asking her to tell the color of her stockings. And in another moment 6he would have burst into tears — so uugry was she at find ing herself scrutinised, and helpless. But tlie gentle mothei' intervened. "My daughter's name is 0 Eelin,, Lord Mountmahon." "All, that's much better!" said his lord ship, with a happy air. "Miss Eeliu — that's much betterl Miss Macdonald — why, it's universal— it's like Miss Smith. Well, Miss Eelin, that is -what I am willing to do for you. I'll get tho two engines; and I'll pay tho Hichland Company for any damage done to their line. They'll look after themselves, never fear. The most grudging and disoblig ing line in Great Britain. Now the Aberdeen is whnt I call a friendly line; I always try- to do them a good turn when I con; hut then, don't you see, I want you to have this spectacle up in the wilds, with no onlookers. And if you have a fancy for a pavilion on the hillside, it shall be there. I'll see you through. I'll do tho tiling proper. You only- live once. And what's twenty hull fights to a crash like that, and the heaving up of iron, and the roaring of the steam? I'll do it. When I want a thing, I get it — or I must, know the reason why. Well, Miss Eelin — yours is a pretty name — you won't mind my saying that — -oil, monstrous pretty ! Well, Miss Eelin, what's your answer? Are you on? I'll do it. Rather splendid, you know, up there in tho wilds — somewhat re cherche—just a hit swagger— when tlie two roaring iron hulls come tearing along— that's what I'll do for you, and I can't make you a fairer offer." And -where was the wildness of Wild Eelin now? She wns embarrassed, self-con scious, almost distressed; her chief concern was to get away from this young man's too ardent inspection. "Oh, if you please, Lord Mountmahon, said she— and she was confused, and bash ful, and downcast— not the least bit like her usual self— "if you would please to leave mo out; I know I should ho too nervous and frightened — perhaps my mother would he more interested." "Come, come," said he, encouragingly, "I am not going to ask you for your Yes or your No all at once. Young ladies arc shy — I know their ways. Think it over. I'm staying at Invcrnisli at present, and if you'll allow me, I'll look in now and again, and try to persuade you. It's -a great scheme, mind. It's worth considering. I wouldn't undertake it for anybody else — no, not much! But there it is. There's my offer. It's at your disposal. And I would take it as an awful favor if you would consent, I would really. I'm not good at blarney, you know; but I mean what 1 say. I'll do the thing slap- up— yes, I wilL And if thdie's any trimmings you can suggest, they'll ho added oil— or I'm a Dutchman. And don't decide all nt once. Think it over. And when I next give myself the pleasure of calling, there may be a more definite Yes or No; hub I hope it will he a Yes." He took his hat in his hand, and rose, and turned to the elder lady. "And remember, Sirs. Macdonald, when ever you think of visiting Glengarva, Kin vaig Bouse is at your service. I mean it. t I'm not much of a talker; hut I mean what 1 say." And so, with sundiiy compliments and grins — and with a final effort to .meet Eelin's eyes with his own that he might convey a message to her— he withdrew, ac companied by his cadaverous fricud; and mother and daughter were left to them selves. "Well, Eelin," said the former, with SOTiie humor in lier look, "you would appear to have made a conquest this time." The girl sat. silent, her heart thumping within lier. All her highly-strong nervous temperament was in revolt — against she knew not what. Sho wns frightened; and ashamed to bo frightened; and ashamed to show her mother she was frightened. At last she said indignantly "What made Major Forres bring that man here?" f "But — but what have you to say against liim?" responded tlio mother, in astonish ment that wns perhaps a trifle feigned. "Fcrhaps his lordship docs not seem very clever or accomplished; and perhaps he talks a good deal about himself; hut tho world is made up of all sorts. You must learn to be charitable, my dear Whirlwind. You'll find it a most useful quality — more and more so the longer you live. Of courso everyone knows that Lord Mountmahon associates with rather a peculiar class of people — at times, at all events; or it might be more generous to say hitherto— for who VM-A iiiras uiuucilV« UUU ffiU £415 bfUULHU he has passed through may not havo had on h-im? And perhaps there may have been exaggeration in the common talk; at all events, if they make excuses for him by ealling him a creature of impulse, this after- lioon he showed himself a creature of: very . ' munificent impulse — " "'Smashing two railway engines together!" said Eelin, with disdain. "Are we children to be attracted by such folly?" "Still, there was tho intention,, yon know," the mother remonstrated, in her pa cific way. "'It isn't everyone who, is quick to invent. He wanted jtoffio hikjhes te- fiiJ'fJ tcrest you." i'" "I hope lie won't darken our door again!'.' said Eelin, with proud lips; and she rose from the chair quickly and impatiently, as though she would throw all recollection of this visit behind her. "And now I am going into the town, to sec if old Mr. Macdonald is at his hotel. Perhaps he will come out for a walls; nnd I'll bring liim here, mother, and 1 know you'll he kind to him. And the atmosphere of the house may he clear by 1 then." Thus it was that George Reginald Talbot Fitzlngrain Taylyour, Marquess of Macmn- hon, made tho acquaintance of Miss Mac donald of Kinvaig. "Who is sho? Who is ; she?" he had exclaimed, in breathless admi ration, when he saw her come out of Mr. Forties's office; Well, now he knew who she was. But who was to tell him what Bho wns? For there were so many answers to that perplexing question. "Oh, Wild Eelin?" her girl companions would hnve said. "Why, she's just a brick. She should have been a hoy. And the way sho waltzes— she's as strong as a young pony, and as light as a butterfly; she just carries you round the room; it's like a dream!" "The young men would have been less en thusiastic. Oh, Eelin Macdonald? A shade too clover for some of ub. Takes the measure . of you, don't you know. Writes for the newspapers, and that sort of thing. Devil ish hnndsomo, all the same." But the one who know her best had dif ferent thoughts about her. In the passion- , ate hours of tho night, when reason had re- laxed its hold, the mother would cry to herself : "Eolin — my Eelin — what is to become of her? Slio is a fire — a flame — she is so eager, and sensitive, and keen— sho will burn herself out unless she has some Btrong man by lier side, to steady her and control and protect her. " And if that is not to be —if she should meet with a groat disap pointment — if it is as a flamo that her life is to burn itself out— then, dear Cod, let me go, too. How much of agony could I endure after being left alone? Surely three days is tlio most that could he expected of me! Almighty Father in heaven, if you have mercy, make it two days! Or one — or one — surely twelve hours of that loneli ness would kill me; ah, welcome death — the kindness of death!" And so the dark hours of the night would be shaken with sobs. CHAPTER XVII.— DEEPER AND DEEPER. Surely never in all the world was a liter ary co-partnership carried on in more en'- clianting circumstances; golden afternoons, with tho sunlight flooding the spacious greensward of tlie tennis lawn; the garden plots brilliant in purple, and white, and searlet, and yellow; shaded seats (for' ear nest .consultation) under the spreading limes; and then the promenade along the river front, overlooking the pink-grey sliin- gle and the shining breadth of blue water stretching over to the leafy heights beyond. This young GilehriBt foresaw his ruin; and rather courted it; so demented was the lad. He was bewildered by her eyes, as tho sea birds are bewildered that dash themselves against the glare of the light houses on the wild Atlantic nights. And the belle dame sans merci "went singing on her way" with out thought of harm. Why should there be harm? She was eagerly interested in these literary projects. The doctor-burglar story was proceeding apace. Then lie brought her the monthly magazines for hor perusal uuu u|jiiiiuiI| uuu iici biiiit-iicbli iUUuj ui dp proval or disapproval, waxed large when it , came to his writing out. How little did the £ ladies and gentlemen who were strenuously; oalling attention to themselves in these periodicals imagine that their pathetic efforts were being adjudged upon during idyllic conferences under the great black " araucaria, while the wide stream murmured ns it swung along, and the soft winds blew, and the honeysuckle was siveot in tho air. No doubt tho "Invcrnish Observer" could hardly be regarded as a supreme authority; nevertheless, type is type; and there are agencies for snipping out and forwarding to these anxious aspirants any newspaper men tion of them. The tragic thing is that no similar. agency exists for guaranteeing that none such paragraphs, of whatsoever kind, shall enter a private person's house. Then lie had grown less shy and apprehen sive in manner; modest he always was, and desirous to please, but his glance was not now so painfully alert; in short, he was feeling a little more at home; while hiB extensive reading and his judgment in bookish affairs gave him a certain position. Moreover, he had incidentally been intro duced to one or two of Miss Eelin's com panions and to their occupations and diver sions. Lily Neile, for example, would bring along her brother; and these four (when MSS. and magazines had been de posited on a window sill) would make ex periments in croquet — a game that had just generation. And the favoritism shown by this young newspaper man— and the wild excuses lie had to make in consequence! If Eelin and lie were on opposite sides — for some such distressing arrangement would occasionally happen — and if she were lying in a good position at her -hoop, and if he could easily have gone down and driven her away, he would deliberately do something else; and then as a kind of aftor thought he would by wny of apology say to his in dignant partner, "Well, yes, perhaps I jpught to have gone down to her." And then the intentional misses — when it. was Eelin who wns his enemy! Lily Neile Was a most good-tempered, not to say an hilarious, lnss; hut sometimes she got angry, or pretended to be angry- "You two," she said one afternoon to her chief girl friend, "ought always to play on the same side, and then we might have an honest game. He simply won't croquet you! It's disgraceful. See how I am handi capped!" And then Archie Gilchris£, suspecting that remarks were being made about him. Came up, blushing and confused, and stam mered forth an apology. "Did you ever see anyone play so badly? I'm not sure that the lawn is quite even just there. The roots of that lime tree may run. a long way underground " At which Lily Neile burst out laughing. "The roots of a lime tree!" said she. "Mr. Gilchrist, you know perfectly well that you deliberately missed that ball. I saw you do it! " I "Yes, you saw me miES the hall," said he; "but the intention is a very different mat ter—" "You are always playing into her hands; it isn't fair," contended tlie irate damsel (but she was giggling, for she saw that Eclin did not like this too open accusation). "And next game I must have my brother for my partner; then you two can nurse cacli other as much as ever you like." The awkward feature of the whole situa tion was this, that these two, Archie Gil christ and Eelin of tlie eyes like the se wave, had for a long time hack been alter nately love making and jeering at each other in the columns of the "Invcrnish Ob server"; hut now, when tlie Saturday came round, "Fairfax" was discovered to have grown exceedingly respectful, as if he were addressing a real person. Eelin promptly perceived the danger. "Mummie," said she, with 'a copy of the paper in her hand, "I can't have this at all, you know. If Mr. Gilchrist is to come here he must understand, and remember, that 'Fairfax' and 'White Cockade' are quite imaginary people — who never existed; and tbe way they have been talking at each other has also been quite imaginary — of course — certainly— obviously — quite imagin ary—quite " "Are you only finding that out now, Eelin?" the mother asked with calm scrutiny. "I told you long ago that all that farrago about assignations at the islands would become rather compromising if you were to meet the young man in actual ...life— T" "Ah, hut I won't' have it!" said Eelin, with unusual perturbation. "There must be a distinct understanding. All that non sense that has been going on was between two ghosts; and has nothing to do with him or me. Of course not! And if 'Fairfax' chooses to he timid, and complimentary, and courteous, why, it's his own look out!" she continued with more spirit. "I'm not going to spare liim — not I! I will hew and hack at him! I will -cure him of his John Knoxcs, and his Fairfaxes, and his Crorn- wells " . . _ "Oh, no, you won't, Eelin. He seems to me a most amiable youth " "Now, there you are again, mother!" the . girl cried, with some little touch of shame faced color. "You arc assuming that the newspaper people and the real people arc one and the same; whereas they are notr- and never could he. The young man who comes here is a very nice, quiet hoy, as dis tant in speech and demeanor as could he wished: and besides he is so very clever, and well- informed; why, he can tell you everything! Very nice and very interest ing. Only, he must distinctly understand that he has no relationship with me handed over from 'Fairfax— however respectful 'Fairfax' may choose to become." "r flinnaVit. von might find some diffi- culty," said the mother, regarding her. ' "Oil, no, there must not be," the girl said, with decision. "There must he a clear understajiding. I will tell liim the very next time ho comes out, that 'Fairfax' must remain 'Fairfax'; a very slight hint will be sufficient. For, of course, I don't want to quarrel; he himself is really a very nice boy — such an interesting companion — so un like. other j'oung men, don't you find him so, mummie?" "Oh, I like him well enough," the mam ma said, rather more cautiously; the whole position of affairs puzzled her. Nor was it quite so easy as Eelin had thought to warn this young Archie Gil christ that he must in nowise consider him self to he the inheritor of the rights, privi leges and immunities arrogated to himself by the imaginary "Fairfax." For tho real young man never presumed one hairs- breadth in that direction; on the contrary, although she had got to be in a measure dependent on his advice, ho was careful al ways to preserve a certain attitude of deference — to Miss Maedonald of Kinvnig. And how could she complain that the ghostly contributor to the newspaper should he showing himself respectful to her other, and ghostly, self? The only way to clear up this' somewhat perilous atmosphere was for "White Cockade" to attack him boldly in print. She would show him what she thought of his William the Thirds! She would sound the gathering of the clans; aud fight the old battles over again; and lament fallen fortunes, and raise her glass to him beyond the seas! There was to be no more fanciful love-making; no precon certed meetings out at the islands; no se creting of envelopes in the first ash tree east of tho Priest's Well. Who was this "Fairfax," with his Whigamore sentiment and his "Declaration of Impudence," "A man's a man for a' that?" At all events she would make it clear that his extreme courtesy wns wholly thrown away upon the person signing herself "White Cockade," who was resolved to maintain the freedom of her opinions and prejudices and habit of speech as unrestricted and inviolate as mw. On one of these golden afternoons Archie , Gilchrist — the real and actual person — walked out to Glengnrva House; in his pocket there was the completed story of the doctor who, to revenge himself upon society, joined a gang of burglars. It was rather a wild afternoon; during the pre- . vious day and night there had been rn'rn up . in the hills, and now the river was roaring down in purple spate; moreover, the blus- ' tering gale from the south-west had not sub sided; but Miss Eelin liad pegged down and erected a canvas tent between the black green araucaria and her honeysuckle bower; and in this sheltered nook Iter mother and herself were able to follow tlieir usual oc cupations, while at any moment they could look abroad on the swinging current, on the row of trees that were tossing and strain ing their branches in the gusts of wind, and on the brilliant garden plots, where the nasturtiums, and carnations, and asters, and pansies, white, purple and pale yellow, were driven down by the breeze, and would then recover themselves, and sway, and bend and become erect in rather a joyous manner in the successive floods of sunlight. And here it was that Archie Gilchrist found the two ladies; and they greeted him with a most kindly welcome; they gave iiiiu tea, and cake and fruit; and they begged him to read to them the conclusion of the doctor- burglar story, with which tliey pro fessed themselves delighted. As for him, \- their praises did not cheer him much. He was rather down at heart. The cessation of co-partnership, so far as this little story wns concerned, seemed to foreshadow the end. He. had been too fortunate. He had been placed on too friendly a footing. Well, if he was to be relegated back to a distant acquamtancesnip, lie was not going to re pine or reproach— certainly not the latter. He would accept with submission; and be grateful enough for what had already been vouchsafed him. For he was not a presum ing lad. Of a sudden the glare at the mouth of the tent was darkened by a figure; and a maid servant announced Dr. Gillespie. And as the corrosion of slavery is not easily eliminated from any human system, a pang of contri tion and remorse shot through Archie Gil christ's nature; here was his master; and he Itad been caught idling; it was as if Struth- ers had unexpectedly come in and found him dreaming of a line in Horace instead of at tending to day hook and ledger. But this master was not as the other master; be be trayed no surprise on discovering his em ploye fleeting the time away in this pleasant company; nay, "after salutations," when lie perceived the roll of M.S. lying on the small garden table, lie hinted that a little bird had whispered to him of a certain col laboration, and be hoped that tbe two wri ters who hod for so long been attacking each other in the columns of the "Invernish. Observer " would find their advantage in working together in peace and amity. "Oil, hut understand, Doctor," said Miss Eelin, as she poured out some tea for liim, "those two people arc not known here. We don't recognise them. They can continue to squabble, if tlicy like — and doubtless they, will. We don't even mention them. They are not of our set." Now whatever 31iss Eelin Maedonald said or did was right in the eyes of the bland, fresh colored silver haired doctor, who was smiling so henignantly upon her over liis gold spectacles; and lie fell in with the mys tification, and made no further reference to the newspaper combatants; hut none the less he betrayed some little curiosity about the M.S. before liim. What had his assist ant sub-editor and his young friend the Daughter of tlie House of Ivinvaig been about, when they laid their heads together? "Well, I'll tell you all about it," said Eelin, with lier usual hold frankness. "That is a small imaginative piece — a piece of. fic tion. The original idea was Mr. Gilchrist's; but as I have had something to do with the shaping of it, you will at once perceive that ,it must be a work of resplendent genius. You will admit that, of course. Very well. So far, good." The familiar, not to say the irreverent, way in which this slip of a girl treated so august a personage as the proprietor and editor of the "Invernish Observer" almost shocked Archie Gil christ: hut then lie was not altogether used yet to AYild Eelin's ways; nor did he know that the goodnatured Doctor had consider ably spoiled her by much petting. "The worst of it is," the young lady continued, "that now we have completed this work of genius, wc don't quite know what to do with it; and mamma wants a five-pound note for her Convalescent Home; and it has just occurred to me, my dear Doctor, that you might take tlie story for the 'Ob server.' " (To he continued.) 