TIE Fit I? BOB. CHAPTER XIV. THE CRIME OF CHRISTMAS NIGHT. The school-house clock struck ten the next morning as Madge reached the street on the village outskirts containing the row o£ half completed houses. Work for the present had been stopped on them, so that the place was absolutely deserted. No one saw her hurry 'to the extreme end, where a crudely finished cottage stood, its piines still murky from the glazier's touch. For a Becoud she paused at the doorstep, the troubled beating of heart making her . painfully nervous ; then she stepped in, a dominant purpose shining in her eyes, her courage well in hand. She had indecfa come from sunshine into the shadow. The brilliancy of the morning did not penetrate the dimmed panes, and, in the gloom beside the little, twisting stairway stood her father, expressing with piteous eloquence failure, regret, the blows of Pate, unhappy age. As sbe stepped toward him in her fresh beauty, she did realize how she seemed to him like a figure which had risen from the ashes of tho long years, crowned with sunny memories of his youth. Not his chifd, but the girl he had loved so stormily stood before liim Surely tho hands on the clock of Time had been turned back twenty years, and Alice waited for him to speak! The fancy died almost at birth, as Madge . Jaid her hands in a winning way jipon his thin . shoulders, her eyes veiled~n a look of pitying love. 'Oh, my father,' she said, slowly, in a ?whisper that was like a caress, ' it was no ~ dream. ' Yon are really here, and lam to know ?what sorrows you have had ; I am to help you.' He sighed and kissed one of the hands now soothingly pressed to his cheek. ? 'Help me?' he said, slowly, a new ex pression lighting up his face. 'Oh, if you can — if you can,' then he ad.ded: 'I must ' hurry with my story. I must get back to ?work soon, or my delay might bo noticed. Sit here, my child,' and he brushed some shavings from the stairway. 'I'll stand up so I can command a view of tho windows, and if any one appears, slip around this corner _ and out by tho back door.' He took off the old hat which had left a deep line on his brow, and passed his hand wearily over his head. Madge, watching him, ? saw that he was thinking of years that were gone, that in a fow moments she would know why her father was supposed to be dead, what sin he had committed, what shadow hung over ' Farneleigh.' She seemed to hear her aunt's voice, saying again to her lover : The clouded name of Farneleigh — the blot — the awful blot. She must know what they had meant, even if it brought her love dream to ruins for pride and honor's sake. Ivan's face, his voice full ? : ? of love, his kiss recurred to her and filled her with a rapture whose edge was now sharp pain. She crushed back the thoughts, and murmured brokenly, through lips which had grown pale ; ' Tell mc all. Oh, tell me, and if there is anything on earth I can do for you — ' He knelt before her, and liis stricken eyes i looked into hers. 'Your words hurt mo so. It was you I ? really wronged, and your forgiveness, while ;? ? it is sweet, makes me ashamed- Jut I am not what they think me. I shall tell you tho truth, and only tho truth. You believe me ?' 'I do believe you.' Ho stood up, and leaning his elbow on tho .balustrade, commenced his story in a cold, almost mechanical way. 'Twenty years ago I married your mother, Alico Marcy. Wo loved each other; thero seemed every reason for supposing we were to be happy together. I dare Hay the fault was all mine when disagreements and coldnesses commenced between us. Your mother was very beautiful ; all her life sho had been spoiled, petted, steeped to tho lips in adulation ; lier temperament was gay, vivacious, spark ling; sho loved excitement, admiration, and seemed to go singing on her way. To many sho seemed just like a happy child, but the beauty, which always made her tho observed wherever she went, and which won her adula tion sho seemed to delight in, caused me in supportable jealousy. ' I inherited a jealous temperament which 1 tradition says has moro than once brought sorrow to whatever Farneleigh possessed it This must explain many things, for to tho ?jealous every straw is a mountain of granite, overy inward suspicion like a clarion-call. I was jealous of your mother. This led to so many disputes betweon ns I really think her love for mo died, and she determined to pro ? voice mo whenever an opportunity presented 'itself. ' Beforo our marriage ono man in tho county had loved her in a distracted, almost .tragic, way. Her marringe to mo almost 'killed him. lis wont away for a time, and mows reached us tlint ho was ill in a foreign ' Jand, arid changed into a bitfer, morose man. But he returned, when you wero a little thing of two years. By this time the coldness between Alice and me had deepened, and it seamed as if a gulf was widening between us. When her old lover returned she took a merry sort of pleasure that was really cruel in being as charming to him as possible. I could see that he still loved her. I began to hate and to watch Felix Laneoe.' 'Felix Laneoe — ''the man who lives at that beautiful old house I'vo passed so ofton?' asked Madge, leaning forward in keener interest. ' They say he hates the world now.' ' Yes, ho still lives at ' The Crest,' but the people around here, or, indeed, anywhere else, seldom see him. He has hidden himself from his kind,' lie answered, grimly. 'Perhaps he has a better reason for this withdrawal than a disappointed love in youth or an inexplicable misanthropy. But, to go on. I cannot look back on that last year I was destined to spend at ' Farneleigh' without some of the old, jealous torment returning to me, and even now I feel the ghost of it power. I think it preyed upon me so I really was not quite responsible for my actions. I acted like a madman — I was a madman — although to the world I gave little evidence of the torture I was enduring. ' Affairs were in this condition at the closc of the year, after Lancoe's return. Thero was a Christmas ball at ' Farneleigh.' I can see Alice now in that sumptuous gown of stiff, pale-blue brocade, her face the fairest thing the world has ever seen. I can see how her wonderful rnby cross blazed at her throat against her brilliant, white flesh, and the past sweeps over me as if I were thinking of the things of yesterday.' He curved his veinous hand over his eyes for a moment, and only the gust sweeping down tho village street and shaking the empty house ou a silence that seemed to Madge sorrowful and sacred, could be heard. ' Lancoe's attentions, which others said were natural enough to one who had been his comrade, and was now the wife of his friend, had for months filled me with suspicion and anguish. On this night I was' in a mood when everything seemed ominous — as ready for desperation as a powder track is for a match. Flowers came from Lancoe's observatory — some special specimens of orchids Alice had admired. I forbade her to wear them ; she disobeyed me, and I saw her take her place to meet our guests, the accursed blossoms in her girdle, a defiant light in her eyes, a glow on her cheeks like fire on icc. ' Late that night I was leaving the picture gallery, when an arm was thrust through a portiere and a note was flung at my feet. I picked it up and ran to see who the mys terious giver was, but ' ho had mingled with the crowd in the corridors. The contents of the note ? I recall every word : ' I have been more than gracious in wear ing your flowers, and I am foolish to grant you the few moments conversation you de sire. However, if you wqit in the summer house, at the foot of the terrace steps, I'll come at eleven. — A.' ' I have no clear memory of the moments following the reading of that note. I dimly recall the sensation of waters closing over my head, while before my eyes everything was red. I took out my knife and slashed your mother's beautiful face from the canvas, as it smiled down on me ; ' I don't know what I did ; I was mad ! ' But I had the craftiness which comes to those almost crazed. At eleven o'clock I was in the summer-house. I was there when Alice came. She started back in amazement when she saw me and drew herself up, haughtily. 'Oh, is it you who wanted to see me?' sho asked. ' Rather a strange proceeding. Why couldn't you say what you wished t.o say in the house, without this apparent mys- ' tery?' ' But I flung the note she had written to Laneoe at her feet, burst into a laugh that must have frightened her, as I seized her by tho wrist, and, drawing her into the summer house, forced her to her knees before me. There I let my heart express its woe. She denied having written the note, and I told her she lied. I told her more. I poured out all the pent-up agony of months ; I said I wished her dead-^tliat you, her child, might never remember having looked on her face. Oh, Madge !' he cried out, suddenly, a sob breaking on the words, as he bowed his head. ' I said these words. I didn't mean' them — not really — not really; but ah !' he added, in a whisper, that chilled tho girl listening, ' tho wish was granted. Yes, it was granted — horribly.' Madge took one of his hands and laid her cold cheek upon it. ' Say no more now; it hurts you too much. It is too sad — too awful !' 'Oh, no; I must tell you all now,' he broke in, feverishly ; ' I left Alice there half kneeling before the iron chair in the summer house, and I went up to my room. Shortly afterwards I heard her pass to her room, just opposite, and I waited in the dark hall to listen, or to see her again. Her door ^yas ajar. In the mirrow I caught sight of her ?face. It was clear-cut as a cameo, with the hues of lifo gone from it, while her eyes looked almost black and very bright. She was still in her ball gown. I saw her slip' on her shoes quickly, fling on a dark, heavy cloak around her and draw the hood over her head. She went to your little crib, standing iu. a corner, bent over and kissed you, but shed no tear. Sho seemed to move like a woman from whom all feeling had been stricken, and who was turned to stone. Sick at heart I watched her while sho blew out the candles, and then, to my surprise, (for I had supposed she would pass me into the hall), she stepped out ou the terrace. ' I knew thoso steps led down to the garden ; I know that Alico was stealing from hor home, but I had become numbed — had lost all desire to speak to her again ; I felt that wo wero parted forever. Like a man moving in a dream, I went to the window and fixed my eyes upon the path that led away 'to the gates. In a moment I saw hor hurrying form and flapping cloak pass like a ! wraith across tho clear space to the shade of tho trees. Then something seemed to break in my heart, for as I was about to turn away I saw a man hurrying along tho samo path, his head bent forward. I recognised Felix Laneoe. I fell across tho threshold of tho tlio window senseless. When I recovored consciousness it was hours later. How I raved against the weakness which had pros trated mo and lcopt me from following Felix Laneoe. I felt it was too late, but neverthe less I went out and roamed through tho still, cold night until dawn came. ' Tho next day; however, Lancoo was seen about as usual. Nino days passed, and no word came from Alicc. Ho was as mystified as every one else. I began to think that sho had gone away in a fit of perverseness, mean ing soon to return. And now, Madge dear, comes a difficult part to tell you. ' My love for her seemed to die. I was filled to the lips with bitterness. ' Farneleigh' became hateful to me, the eyes of people fixed on me curiously, you deserted by your mother, all conspired to a waken a demon in me, and I scarcely knew what I did. I determined to leave my home and my wife forever, but yon should go with me. I told myself that when your mother returned, expecting, nodonbt, to be forgiven and received gladly, she would then realize what manner of man she had been making a fool of.' 'As silently, as mysteriously as she left ' Farneleigh' so did I — you and I — together. I took you to New York, fully intending to take you with me to Paris. But chance throw Mrs. Baldwin across my path. She was a rieli woman, a kind-hearted one, and I thought it might ho better for you if I left you in her charge for a few years, I sending her money for your support. I knew you would bo well brought up, and I expected to send for you as soon as yon were old enough to travel ; in fact, I thought it likely that Mrs. Baldwin making somo trip abroad, would bring you to me. ' ' I know what your life has been, my child. I know how that woman's daughter tried' to take your place here. Repairing a clock at their house a week ago, I heard the story al most in detail, as they talked about the past and their recent disappointment. Now I must tell you of my life. I am frankly ashamed of it, and I ask your pity. I went abroad. For years I made money enough honestly to pay for your support: then despair and the memory of my ruined life, as well as tho influence of bad companions, set me on the wrong road. I lived by my wits — became a gambler. I forgot my duty to you, or when a thought of you stole across my luckless, vagabond life ; I fancied the woman you were with must have learned to love you for your self, and, being rich, as I supposed she still was, was probably glad to have you for a daughter. ' My life went by like a cloudy dream until about two ' months ago. A chance conver sation, overheard at Monte Carlo between two Americans, awoke me to the truth. -They wero men I had known, and they were talking of me — of how I had disappeared from the sight of men and why. What reason did they give? They said I had murdered my wife, and, fearing justice, had fled, taking my child with me. Oh, that moment ! After all those years I knew for the first time that Alice had never been seen after that Christmas night.' ' Never seen again ?' breathed Madge, her face grown awed. ' Think of it ! I had lived in odd nooks in Paris, shunned every place or any one who might know me or recall my old life, and only two months ago knew that I was suspected of having killed my wife.' ' You are innocent, but she was murdered,' said Madge, with a shudder. ' Some one killed her. Oh, the horror — the pity of it, too — the awful pity !' ' Listen. This knowledge roused me — it saved me. I wrote at once to my sister, saying I had died, and telling her to look for you. I took another identity. A- wild life, sorrow and many illnesses had aged and changed me, and I came back to these familiar scenes, feeling sure that no one would recognize me. I had always possessed a talent for intricate mechanical work, and was able to get a situation in the village as clock mender under the name of Miles Gibbon. Now, my one desire night arid day is to solve the mystery of Alice's fate and clear my name before I die.' ' Oh, do you think there is any hope that you can ?' asked Madge her face marked by an eagerness as vital as his own. She had flung down her muff, and her hands clasped his prayerfully. ' It is a dark and terrible mystery,' she said, and into her eyes came a look of tenderness mixed with horror, as she thought what awful fate might havo been the young mother's, whose face or voice she could not remember. ' But not too dark for us to shed the light of truth on it, even at this late day,' the old man answered, with -sudden ferocity. ' Listen, my child. The villagers have chattered to me freely of the story. I' have learned all there is known or suspected, and I have come to a decision.' 'Yes?' she said, the wprd but a breath. ' I have spoken of the Maltese cross of rubies your mother wore the night of the ball. She had it on when she went away. This cross had been given to her father, who was a great traveller, by an Eastern prince. Every one who knew General Marcy had heard of it. It was estimated at seventy-five thousand dollars. There is a chance that she was murdered for that cross, but there is something more probable— something of which I feel sure in my soul. Lancos assisted in her flight, but, finding that her frivolous flirtation meant no serious feeling which would let her liston to his Iovo, he murdered her.' , / . CHAPTER XV. TIIE MYSTERIOUS MR. GREl'. The wind poured down in shrilly -waitings through the chimneys of the empty house,' as if weeping for the young life whose closo was shrouded in blackness. ' You think Felix Laneoe can be guilty ?' asked Madge, while before lier mind's eye rose a picturo of that fatal Christmas night her father's words had sketched for hor. 'You think he could do that' awful thing ?' 'Yes — he killed her,' and the words sounded lilco steel striking on steel. ' Why do you believe this, father — oh ! why ?' ' Listen, my child, and in a few words I will tell you clearly what decisions I have come to,' and ho spoko with emphasis, while his oyes glowed with a new light. ' Had my unhappy wife taken her own life I feel sure she would not have gone without a farowoll to thoso who loved hor ; she would not have wilfully let tho cross of rubies pass into the hands of strangers. Moro than this, sho would not havo taken, aud could not havo taken such precautions as would havo kept her suicide undiscovered.' Madge saw how ho suffered in speaking of tho dread events, and her own heart was sick within her. ' I last looked upon her hurrying down the 1 park path, followed shortly after by a man whoso figuro in tho moonlight I recognised as Folix Lancoe's. It is to bo presumed then that ho was the last person, in this part of i the country who spoke to Alice after sho left ' Farneleigh.' ' . . . i ' Was there anything about his appearance to denote guilt or anything suspicious when you saw him the next day ?' ' No. During the week that followed he was as anxious as any other of our friends at Alice's unexplained absence. Little was said of the matter in my presence. I could see that my neighbours believed Alice aud I quarrelled and she hod left my home. There was no suspicion of foul play when I took you away from ' Farneleigh,' Madge. I have learned since my return that after months of silence suspicion pointed at me. Alice was advertised for, sought for, living. Pools were dragged for her dead body, the woods were searched. Her relatives employed detectives to fetret out anything suspicious, the railways for forty miles around were in vestigated to see if she boarded a train at any of them. But nothing was discovered— absolutely nothing.' Your mother disappeared as if some supernatural agency had spirited her away. She had left ' Farneleigh' while the ball was in progress on Christmas night, and with that flitting all trace of her had disappeared. I know,' he added, bitterly, ' that if actual proof of a murder had been found I would have been searched for, found abroad, and brought back to stand trial. But you see your mother's unexplained flight constitutes a mystery which can implicate no one — until — until some clue comes stealing out of the blackness like a finger and points at the assassin. I have thought of such a possible clue.' Like one faeinated, Madge stood silent, her eyes fastened on his worn face, lighted now by an expression that might well make a guilty heart afraid. ' Where is the rriby cross?' he asked, and his hand upon hers seemed enforcing the question. ' Have you thought of that ? It was worth a fortune; it had a history ; the gems in it were beautiful pigeon-blood rubies. Oh, Madge!' and he crept closer to her, his lips quivering, his eyes brilliant, 'your mother wore that cross the night she disappeared. If we could find it ! If we could find the ruby cross !' 'Goon,' she said, 'your words mean — what ?' ' We will say,' continued her father, in 'a brooding tone, ' that Felix Laneoe followed your mother on that Christmas night. Doubt less, like the villain I believe him to be, he attempted to make her listen to his love, since mine had evidently brought her only misery. But we will say that your mother told him plainly then that she had been thoughtlessly amusing herself by accepting his admiration and listening io his pretty speeches— or, she may have gone further, and heaped her scorn upon him, for she was in no mood to bear with the graces of a trifler, when she left 'Farneleigh.' Besides,' he added, ' when I review the facts coolly and not in light of un reasonable jealousy, it seems likely that the letter appointing an interview in the summer house had really been forged by Laneoe, and perhaps another, equally false, sent to Alice to have her go there in order to bring our quarrels to a crisis and effect our separation ; when you consider the stealthy way the note was given me and Alice's words of surprise when I faced hor in the garden, this seems reasonable. His plans succeeded up to a cer tain point, but if in the night and silence Alice scourged him with tlie truth and made an enemy of him, in a moment of passion, his despised love may have nerved him to murder.' He paused, and added, forcibly : ' One side of the picture is filled. Now for the other. For generations the Lancoeshave had one intense, ? controlling hobby — the collecting of curious gems. Their great wealth has permitted this. In ' The Crest' there are beautiful jowels, famous rings, uncut stones, and necklaces. I believe that Felix Laneoe killed your mother. I' believe the ruby cross is in his possession to-day. The passion of a collector would prevent him from parting with it or destroying it. ' Only lot us provo that he has it. I will mako him know who I am, and challenge him to explain how it camc into his keeping. This is where you are to help me.' 'And I will help you,' said Madge, her voice vibrating ; ' for your sake — and for my dead mother's, too.' 'Yon promise mo this? Nothing shall come before it, Madge ? I must have an ally, but not a weak ono, not a faint-hearted one. I must have your complete allegiance — all your fidelity, no matter what the tests — your woman's wit and diplomacy. Are you willing to give mo thoso wholly?' he asked, his face almost stern. ' Your cause is mine. It shall havo the first thought and purposo of my life,' sho | answered, firmly. j Ho kissed her on tho brow, as if dedicating her to the task. ' ' Nothing definite can bo done until you know Lancoo. You must mako him your friend ; you must gain admittance to ' The Crest.' How you will manage this I don't know now, but think and take advantage of every opportunity to 'this end. You aro to make Felix Lancoo your friend. I've boon like a hound on his track since I came hero, but all I can learn is that his heart is a grave of memories and their marks aro on his face. You must study him closer, his life, his words. If the ruby cross is at ' The Crest,' no matter where hidden, you must find it. This is your task, and it is a diflicultone. Are you afraid ?' ' No, father. I am like a soldier going into battle for a cause. I will not marry until the name of Farnoleigh, which is mine as well as yonrs, is cleared from tho slightest shadow.' ' I believe you ; I trust you. And now, as a means of communication, wo will use tho old'pigeon cote that stands just outside the gates of 'Farneleigh.' Every night and morning I will look for a letter from you, hidden there. I'll place mine thore, too. Good-bye, my child. I must not linger now. Your first move is to know Laneoe. We will meet soon again.' He turned to go, but his worn cheek, his dull, hopeless eyes, his shabby clothes, touched Madge with such suffering she stretched out her arms and sobbed his name. ' Father, let me kiss you again.' Sho clung to him, looking into his face with wet eyes. ' Oh I lira so sorry to see you like this,' sho said, with pitiful tenderness. ' Oh, if you could go back to ' Farneleigh' with me now ! Think how Aunt Abby would love to see you, and tho old servants — ' ' Ah, don't — your words stab me s6 !'.' he said, gently ; ' some day perhaps — but not now. Ah, no ! not now.' Madge drew back, but with her hands still resting on his shoulders. 'But the day will come,' she said, in a tone possessing such determination that a flicker of hope illumined the old man's eyes; 'Yes, it shall. Don't despair, father. We shall succeed.' He went from her with a loving, hopeful look. ' Heaven bless you !' were his last thrill ing words. The little door leading to the road in the back of the house closed after him. For a moment Madge stood looking into space. Then she roused herself, opened the door ; and went into the village street, walking fast and hoping to avoid being seen by any one who knew her. But she had not been unobserved, Marcia had been out that morning for a constitutional. She chanced on this street, with its bare structures, and let her eyes widen with sur prise at sight of Madge coming down the steps of the unfinished house. Her quick glance noted, too, the pallor of her face, her set, drawn lips. 'How odd! she murmured. 'What on earth was she doing in there, I wonder ? How abstracted and fearfully white she looked !' She had reached the little cottage by this time, and, aftor seeing Madge disappear around the corner, she ran up the steps, turned the handle and looked in. 'As I thought — an empty house. Now what could have brought her here ?' She gazed around the bare, newly finished rooms with envious, eager eyes for something which would explain what puzzled her, bnt they told hor nothing. Suddenly her gaze fell on the floor and a look of satisfaction passed over her face. She was gating at footprints upon the dusty floor, and drew a quick, inward breath, as she saw not only those made by Madge's small shoes, but the undeniable marks of a man's feet. ' Madge Farneleigh has mot some one here this morning,' she said ; - ' what does it mean? Has sho some secret neither, mother or I knows of ?' She went . to tho back door opened it and looked out. But she saw only the bowed, thin figure of Miles Gibbon, who was known now to all the villagers, going down the road. ' It wasn't he ; who was it?' ? she muttered, as she closed the door. She looked around impatiently. ' Oh, if I could but make these walls speak, if I only could !' she said, angrily. ' They would tell of a meeting here this morning — a meeting that set its seal of tragedy upon Madge Farneleigh's face.' She left tho place and went home specu lative and unsatisfied. That night, about one o'clock, Marcia paced up and down her tiny bedroom, an ex pression of discontent marring her beauty. She took her defeat hard, and at such times as this, when the full force of what she had lost dawned upon her, [her mother's lifo was not an easy one. Again she thought over the occurrence of the morning, but with no light breaking in upon her mind. She recalled the daintiness of Madge's winter gown and' furs, the spell of her beauty, even at the moment when she was labouring under some unhappy emo tion, and then Ivan Trent's accusing eyes arose before her mind. Her humiliation was complete .with that memory. Sho clasped and unclasped her hands together in positive pain. Her bitter musings were interrupted by the door opening. Her mother came in, her face marked by a look of surprise. 'Dearie, there's a gentleman downstairs who wants to see you,' she said, a tremor in her tones. \ ' A gentleman to see me, mother? Aro you sure? Who is he ?' ' He told me to say to you that Mr. Grey wished to see you privately.' 'Mr. Grey?' repeated Marcia musingly. ' What does he look like ?' 'Well, he's a modest-looking man, with gray hair. He's _ dressed in black, and that about describes him, as nearly as I remember.' ( (To be continued.) 