ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, October 21, 1898. Dr. Cockburn and his wife were among the guests of the Lord Mayor on Friday evening, the occasion being a pleasant in-<*> terchange of civilities between the Frui- tomf Company and the Lord Mayor, honored by long usage, which took place it the Mansion House. The Fruiterers, on their part, brought to the saloon of the eWe lull b. splendid offering of the fruit* of the season, the Lord Mayor on his part invited the Froiierers to dinner to meet member* of the corporation, councillors, and other gnests. Toe fruit displayed on tabte, tastefully decorated with light foli agav'Was surrounded at-7 o'clock by ladies •JM'gmtiemen, assembled to witness the pratehtaiiou. At the head of the table atpofl the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress aattbe office™ of Sute, the sheriffs and their ladies. In malting the presentation of grapes, white and black, in full npe bloom; melon*, pineapples, peaches, apple*, and pears, Mr. Deputy Soper, pact-master at the Finiiterers' Company, said that all the fruit was British grown, and be as sured the Lord Mayor the company were doing their best to stimulate the growth of fruit in Great Britain. Fruit, of couree, has a great interest for ihe Agent-General, who was greatly struck fey the magnificent display. To the tro pUes of each kind hetswdd onJy apply one word, "perfection," but the grapes sAd*iuat mamri. The indiv?«sl grapes anpeoximated the sue of «gf pfams, and tte-banohes carried his mind back to a (tiotare famaiar to most of us in childhood, oaaneur, that of Che two spies retiming ten 4bt Promised Land stagferin*- onder the wight of their luscious ■pofls. He .was- greatly impressed also by the tnegni fioaace of Mansion Havst hospitality, ana (by the luxury of the furnishings of the rCTptJDn-rooinn, "which Are adorned with nnaoecous works of art, including apea meos of the work of the best known pain ters and etchers. These, however, are the property of Colonel Davies, the present (Lord Mayor. Another thing that struck Dr. Ooefcbura waa the magnificent of the aagormajf the powdered and pliiah teeeched upholders of the mayoral dignity. Wlten the pristine splendor of these uni forms has been dufled a trine I am told they find a ready market in the wads of JBnca, the native princes and potentates Mine vary anxious to secure them in order t? impress their subjects and extend their kingdoms. Their use at theMasmm Boose has often been questioned... Why should 9m fint cttixen of Loodonrsarround him self with such gorkebMly attired mentals? The reason is flam to me. These awe-in ipiriac servitors are on show simpiy to re dpee visitors to that chastened name of Mind necessary to keep them from rebel, filsg against the Mig and often ultra prosy after-dinner apeechcx common to Mansion Ifouse be&oiieta.; TDr. Ooa?«irn had no inkliog when he WBrttOth* dinner that he was to be called snsV&teftictaspeech; on his fellow guest*. faaP£<ouad bsnaelf fixed «poo to reply to t&e;"t6Ast of **nie colonial ■nests," pro -1 poaed_ with commendable orevjty by Alderman Sir Henry Knight, who gave the Agent-G«eral a lead by referring to Australian wines and fruit, and by deplor ib the protectionist proclivities of the colonies. lie also made reference to the generosity of the motherland in granting autonomy to her colonies. In reply. Dr. Ooekburn said he came from a land of bright sunshine and sapphire skies, where frnit of every kind grew luxuriously, but never had it been his good fortune to see a?eh fruit trophies as those presented to the Lord Mayor oa that night. It was only right, however, that London, the centre oTidTiliaalion, should be able to collect the best of everything. He thanked the j mayor sad Sir Henry Knight for the JcnftUv j]ln«i<tti« made to Australian wine* tpA trait, and expressed his pleasure at the fart that the antipodes were in a po?i tion to plentifully mpply the London m«r ket with the choicest fruits-at a. time ythen they were not procurable from other sources. As to Australian wine, he thougat that its purity and excellence would soon secure for it a place on erery Hritixh table as an article of common consump tion. Adverting to Sir Uenrj' Kniirht'B re- Mrks upon the fiscal policy or most of the Australian colonies. Dr. Gockburn remin ded his fellow goests that fiscal questions w«re always delicate matters to touch up on. So far as South Australia was con cerned, he could only say that as a coun try in its industrial vouch, tlic riti rens were only desirous of vrofitine by the example afforded by the fiscal polio- pnr eoed by the supreme industrial nation whan her manufacturing industries w«rc in their infancy. And remembering the rigid system of protection practised toy England at that interesting period of her ajMrkms history, South Australia wns striving- to attain her excellence by copy ist her example. xn granting autunoniy to the colonies tfie motherlf.nJ had simply giveu her off spring the opportunity of developing their natural genius. And the natural genius -or the British race lay in their ability to -«-i«f' their own affairs. A boat load of Britons landed on.any ,oosst in the world TWllld inevitably become in the course of days an orderly self-governing community. The mother country, then, «ras noi only (saerons, but wise, in granting to the colo nies the meaus of working out their own destinies. Dr. Oockbam's speech contained also a few of the expected reference* to the "ties that bind'' and Imperial federa tion, but he wu very brief in his senti mental passages, and his speech was there for all the more appreciated. The Agent-General's nest appearance at the Mansion House occurs on Friday week, on the occasion of the grand dinner to the Sirdar, which will be the event of Colonel Dairies'* fast expiring mayoralty. Yesterday in company with Mr. .Sin clair, the Victorian Government produce expert, and Mr. Dow, "The Advcrti«erV epecial commissioner on agriculture, Dr. Cockhum paid a hricf vi-.it to th" .l.v'y show- rf t th.' AgiiuiliuiMl Hall. lie iv.i< greatly intcpr-tcil 111 tlie working 01 liie 1 Kadiator liuttcnii.ilcei-"iin jivrnimn wjji.-ii : achieved much non-in^or lame a c.inp!. -<>l year- .1-... l.js 1 «ii,.|. .I.h - not sc.ni 1.. have been i.ike:i n|. i>y An-:r.ilijii dairy men. Tills .-li-v.-rly rviwiuciod iiiarhinv pastcuri-e- the milk. s..)ui-ates tiic creiini, and produces the butler in :he tmo granu lar i.?rni in -oiuptliim le^ ihtii . r?o minutes. Tin: emiiv operation is aiir,) matir, ill'- work, m' ilic attendant ucinjr redut«l to n-ait'lii:ig the thermuineters 1 lubritatiiic t'?' m.iving imrls of tin- ma chine. The cn:ire p'.diii ci-ih ve:v hi tie more than tiie oidinary articles necessary to buttcrnuking on .1 couimen-ial ~ale, and the Asent^^enerat caniuit but think that it would be of the greatest posvible value in the colonies. Hoarding the dairy cattle on view at the Agricultural Hall. Dr. (ockliurn admits shat tiiey are on tiie whole a very remarkable lot. of milk and butter producers, but so far .•>► stud slock wen- concerned he thinks th?L the owners of cattle taking prizes .it die R.A.S. shows in the colony have nothing to fear by comparison. I ran across Colonel M. <~".ordon the other day the tirst lime since hi* return from the big autumn manoeuvres on Salisbury plain. As 1 told you at the" time the colonel was attached to tbe balloon sec tion of the Northern Army, but he did not make any aerial llightc. The iwilloonifrU, indeed, look very little part, in the opera tion* of the army, being relegated with the baggage to the rccr. Colonel Gordon, however, did not looc anything by Wing attached to the section. He seems, indeed, to have been "in the thick of all the fire and smoke,'' to hare seen everything worth seeing in connection with these operations, which are indulged in appa rently more with a view to finding out the weaknesses of the commissariat arrange ments of the British Army than to fpyc generals an opportunity of proving their tactical knowledge and strategical skill. And if this was the oase the manoeuvres were indeed a brilliant success. The army powers that be had some splendid object lessons in how not to cater for an army in the field. Colonel Gordon, by the tray, is greatly pleased -with the -military authorities here, -who afford him every facility and assis tance in currying out his duties as inspec tor of warlike otores, and be finds his colo nial knowledge and experience of tbe greatest value in facilitating his work. He has recently been appointed a special member of the Ordnance Committee — a. body composed of distinguished represen tatives of the naval and military forces, which deals with the whole question of the* Empire's armament*. Socially also Colonel Gordon finds tnmsdf very happily placed. He has the run as an honorary member of moat of the soldiers' club*, and of several institutions whioh do not cater special'? for her Majesty's naval and military offi cers. To add to hi* enjoyment of life and work he baa the pleasure of seeing Mm. Gordon mating etetdy progress towards health and strength. Reverting to the manoenvree, I may mention a rather laughable incident which occurred in connection with the balloon tn which the colonel was officially"attached." The officer in charge got rather sick as the days went by at not being called upon to make an ascent. Finally, he ap proached his general and begged leave to try the powers of his charge. The general was quite willing, and on the followins morning—tbe Northern army being then under orders to retire precipitately before the officially irresistible Southern force on the morrow—the iwlloon man gladly availed himself of (he permission, and pro ceeded aloft, nia balloon being, of conree, captive. He was hardly BO yards above ground -when a section of the pursuing Southern cavalry came upon the scene, promptly captured the guard of the bal loon's gear-cart and ground apparatus, and commenced to wind tbe aeronaut down to earth. Be, however, did not see fit to fall into the hands of the enemy, bo cut the restraining cord, and sailed away into apace on the wings of a freAenuifc breeze. Colonel Gordon, who saw the ascent from a distance, was rather cha grined at his lost opportunity, but his dis appointment was considerably modified when he heard that his friend had to spend 16 hours aloft before he could make a safe descent. Three distinguished names have been added to the already representative list of statesmen and public men forming the Grey Memorial Committee, to wit,'those of Lord Russell of Kellowen, Lord Chief Justice of England, Earl Carrington, and Mr. Sydney Burton, Under Secretary of State for the Colonies in the late adminis tration. Surprise has been expressed in some quarters that Lord Sabrirary, who «s Lord Robert Cecil claimed tKe hospitality of tbe dead statesman in New Zealand, and subsequently rendered his host good service at times in his career wfcen official ■hostility threatened to bring it to a pre mature dose, has not added his name to tbe list. Lord Stamford's name i« also missing from the lint as published, but he will doubtless be invited to join the move ment to da honor to the memory of his illustrious relative. Tlie fact that Sir Daniel Coo)>er <s uut one of the committee has also caused remark, but after all Sir George wax never identified with the mother colony, and Australasia as a whole is adequately represented on the com mittee. ' A pood «tory •illustrative of the ignor ance of the colonies, which ns at one time a leading feature At the Colonial Of fice, and U not even yet entirely banished from Downing-street. is going the press rounds «t present. An it well known, the late Lord Carnarvon officially recorded his opinion of Sir U«orge Grey as *-« danger ous man." Sir Charles Given Duffy, on one of his vwita from Victoria, called upon hU lordtliipj aud iu conversation, chanced to intrpduc* * reference to Sir George. "A verr Ktranpe and inroniprehensibJe charac ter. " said I-ord CanmrtTOn, with ? eluke of the head, "I hear he has now withdrawn 1 to an island off the raut of Xew Zealand j nud surrounded himself wjtli a number of i wallabies." "Oh. yes, I think that is not ' at all improbable,-' rejoined Lord Car- S nation: "what mu?t be the etate or ! morality in a country where you mike ; light i?t such a proceeding?" "Why, my lord, what do you suppose a wallaby to be!1" "A lmli-cmt« female -of course. Is tliat not kiT" "Certainly not, n wallaby •« siuipiy a small kangaroo." Mr. James .Sadler, who has been touring •n the nnrtli for some time past, returned to town x few days ago, looking "tit as a bddle," and eoniewing to feeKng ten yean younger thai when lie left Adelaide iu the early summer. Tic hay enjoyed his holi day immensely, in spile of two periods of severe indisposition, and I'm afraid view* with feelings not akin to pleasure the near approach of tbe 1\ i O. steamer Austra lia's sailing dale. Mr. Sadler leaves Lon don on November 3 for a brief suell in l'.iris. and will join liis ship at i[?r *eille*. Whilst in Glasgow a. ievc- weeks ago Mr. Sadler took the opportunity offered 10 examine the system of book keeping in vogue % at the Savings Bank (hero. He doesn't seem to have been "struik dumb with admiration" thereof by any uiesns. li differs in many essen tial* from the system in use at the Ade laide Savings Hank, which, in hits opinion, is quite us *afe. and far quicker that the Gla!>ne(ri?n method. Whilst iu England Mr. S.uller lia« kept hi« poetic ninite severely in check, but the death of (Sir George Grey moved him to one little son net, which appeared in the "Dailv Chroni cle." I understand that wvcral shipowner* have derided 10 take advantage of the cer tiorate which -will be issued by Llovd'x regk-tcr of shipping in connection with tbe refrigeration and insulation of produce csrryintr vessels. MessTs. Turnbull, Mar tin & Co.'s new vessel* are being surveyed with a view to getting the Lloyd's hall mark. It is hoped that the certificate will tend la reduce the carrying expenses, and *o benefit the shipper of perishable pro duce. The Agentc-General For South Australia, New Zealand, and Victoria, met at tlie West Australian office on IMouday last to talk over with Mr. Wittenoom tlic desira bility of attempting to obtain some concep tion from the Australasian shipping com panies in connection especially with tbe carriage of exhibits eor the W.A. Interna tional and Mining Exhibition. They de cided to instruct the snecial commissioner. Mr. K. T. Scammell. to make an apneal to the various companies through Messrs. T. Cook & Sod;. The Dairy Show at Islington used a few years ago to be patronised by the Aus tralian Governments as a means of intro ducing the dairy products of the colonies to the British public. In the show now in ! progress at the Agricultural Hall. Aus tralasia is represented only by a few cases of Queensland butter and cheese, which though of very good quality are by no means representative samples of the best that Australia c<in produce. The reason for abstention on the part of the other colonies is, I understand, the expense, but if. ai> I have suggested many times, the colonies concerned in the dairy induetry co-operated. an excellently representative display tould be made at all the leading daily shows at a very small rost. And I ! think the advertisement gained would be 1 cheap at the price. Following on the Naming and War rigil. Mr. W. Lund some time ago cave orders for two siit«r ehips to be built of riual *i/T' and tonnage. The first <>i ti.ese, tinl VVakiol, is nuiv lieniied in tlie Sou:ii- Wo-i Jr.di.i <!o<l;. and v.iM K-,ve f.>r Ao\? ;..;.!.-. .\i,.!l..mrr.f. .:i?i " v 1,,e;.-, •. ,a iii.- I .i|i.-. i-;iilv ;,■■'.; limnr!;. ui:di-r ti'f 0111 1-111.1ml <n i si|i;.iiit Thorn t-. Die .-■.i-aiiii-r i- .-. (i.WI i.mi.LT. tu.l h:i- Ikvii built wilh all the I,(R-; improvement- anJ lined wi;ii tlic 1110.-: iiKidrru machinery. Tlieiv i- :m dhiitidnnt-p "t «•)!>! stor.me accommodation, and ilio >liip i- lilted rlnoi^luui with ihc cicrtrir lijrlu. 'i'lio dairy produce season of JSfIS-9 com menced with ilic arrival <u ihe I*. ::!id <>. Arcadia !.m ?wl, .:nd «;, K h hvon-li: 113 boxes of Vivioil.in and Xciv South Wales butter. The small ci.iisipriiinent wa? 1.-iinlfl in c.v-ellpm order. Inn v.a* not ail co,!i;il t<> iifiiiE designated "Vfjoirc-a." I iindrr r-l did that f.jr one small parrel 114s. per cwt. was" obtained, but a considerable ji.ir tion <if tlic siii|imotu went imo cnnsii>ni> tion at considerably under :tia; rieure. The ?irospeet= for the season srr-i;i c«>d. Tiie )«nes are said to be short of winter i'.id der, and the droughty season which has prevailed in liie old country must check to .some extent jhe home production during the coming months. The Orotav.i hart brought 1,763 boxes in first-rate, order, and ea far as one can learn the quality is very pood on the ave rage. The price for choicest ranges from 108s. to im. Information ha« rearhed Ixindon to the effect that several parrels of American and Canadian liave been recently revived ai the Cape from London bearing well known Australian brands on the boxes. Mr. SitnJair, the Victorian expert, is tracking the offenders out with a view 10 stopping their little game by lejml pro ceedings. Jlr. Albert F. Calvert was ever a para gon of modesty, ami it must have been painful to him to be forced into print to contradict, by means of a circular letter to all the London papers, 3lr. Wiflc noom'e statement that the recent cii>> ooverj' of diamonds in lie Xullagine dis trict of West Australia was the first, inti mation of those precious gems in this par ticular part of the colony, and to claim for himself the credit of discovering the diamondifcrous nature of the Nullagine conglomerates. This lie did in 1891—seven long years ago — but hi? modest y has prevented him annauncing the fact until now, ami his natural generosity compels him 10 ad mit that "'within .1 hundred mile* of the same locality lie discovered, whilst wash ing tin, crystals of rubies, sapphire, and tourmaline," and that some of the stones he . brought home were submitted to a leading h'rni of diamond merchants in London for cutting, with the result that the "leading firm* certified that ''these white diamonds would fetch quite as much in the market as the ordinary run of diamonds." Of course stupid people are now asking questions as to why Mr. Cal veri did not try to turn his knowledge of Xullagine's richness in gems to commercial advantage instead of wafting hi* energies and other people's capital in developing wild cat mines and other unprofitable concerns. The reason is plain. The dis coverer of a diamond field would neces sarily become notorious, and Mr. Calvert's objection to notoriety is such that as yon have seen he prefers bankruptcy to fame and fortune. Tie the perversity of genius, and nothing more. Mr. Calvert, by the way, has tiled his accounts. His cross debts amount to over £42,500, of which some £15,200 are un secured, and his asset* are valued at £23,062. At the adjourned meeting of his creditors yesterday, Calvert's solicitor stated that* his client was unable to Mud the money necessary to pay the 7s. 6d. in the pound he had offered. The debtor had managed to raise half the sum re quired, and desired a further adjournment to enable him to complete negotiations in another quarter for raising the balance. The creditors, however, refused to accept that proposition, and passed resolutions for bankruptcy, with a. trustee and com mittee of inspection. Mr. Jack Sellings, the holder of the City of London 100 Yards Championship, had a ridiculously easy task to perform in order to retain his honors last evening at the Westminster baths. The best man in opposition was the old polo player, .T. V. Monks, who, however, hadn't the ghost of a show with Hellings, who paddled home four yards ahead in the slow time of I min. 8 sec. To-morrow night Master .lack will add the Southern Counties 100 Yards Championship to his trophies, unless the unforaeen happens. The best of his op ponents in the race, which takes place at Hornsey-road baths, will be the holder, A. A. Green, who has recently returned from a voyage to Australia, and R. U. V. Cohen, another Otter man. Green's beet time for 100 yards is 1 min <J 2-sth sec., aad Goden has never beaten 1 min. 7 see., so Hellings ought to win very easily if he is able to reproduce his last year's cham pionship form, which represents about 1 min, 3 see. in a 41-yard bath. Your recent visitor, the Dttke of Man chester, who arrived in Paris a few- days ago en route for the old country, must have been considerably amused to find himself named in one of the leading Pari sian journals as one of the chief backers of a plot alleged to be on foot lo restore tlie monarchy in France by placing the Duke of Orleans on tbe throne. His grace ot' Manchester, however, saw that this ridi culous yarn had its eerious side, and promptly expressed his opinion of the childish invention of which I comprehend neither the origin nor the end" in the Parisian press, and to guanl .against acci dents euch as the police authorities of the Centre of fashion occasionally bring about in their zeal to nip political plats in the bud quitted l'aris next day. Mr, John Murray will shortly publieh a work -by Messrs. Louis Becke and Waller Jeffrey dealing with tie early naval his tory of Australia. Tlie title of the volume trill probably be "The XavaJ Pioneers ot Australia."' Jlr. Jleeke is now in London inakiug the liii.'il revisions of the work, which trill t>e ii'iiiAtraied with reproduc tion* from old prints which the autlxm have secured from sauries not liithcrio avujlafoV. Haddou C'lunioerw ha* practically com pleted the new four-art modern comedy which Mr. Wyndham iius arranged to pro duce at the Criterion. Tlic "youthful Aus tralian dramatist." as he is still icrnied by some journalist*!, i>eein<i to have aban doned the play dealing with South African mining matters and city finance, for which the late lamented Barney Rarnato was to aupply "'iooal color" and icohnicaliues, but intends, I hear, to make dramatic u«e of the varied city experienw:! which the dead millionaire assisted him to gain. Tha.sc ex periences, if report caveat* true, were not always to Haddon's liking. Hdiney could make money for h.-tiiceli easily •■nougrh, but. his '"tip*"* were not usually provocative of j feelings of graiaudc among tliov he f.i vored with tiuancial hints. The rea-.m was that Barncv only dealt in half contiuem<e!>. j His tip to buy was probably all rigtii, but j he didn't complete it bv telhug vou « hen ' to w4l. According '•« current report Lily Langtry has had enough of the sport of j kings for rhe present, ajitl intend!'' to | sever licr connection with tlie turf a: tho ! conclusion of t-lie present flat-mcing ?ea- : Ron. Merman's deii-ai in the < V-sJr<->vi:.h I is oaid to have made a «cruiu« hole in tbe fair owner's banking a< fount, bu: 1 iiu.ily think her l>M.«es over tin- AuMr.ili.in iior?; are the cause of her rciirvntenl. Mrs. Laugiry"* lui-k during tbe «ea->:i "114s been heartbreiking, and one can hardly won der at her deriding to give the turf the cold AouJder for a time. Delays arc not always dangerous. jii.l Mmeiimrs :hey jre salvation. Mi.<? lljlila Spong, who sailed for America yesterday j in the steamer Marquettc lo fulfil her en gagements with Manager ProSintanu. had arranged to cross the Atjantic in lh? :!!• fated Mohcgju, which ran on the i!.;i:i <!e« last Friday, ami caused tlie loss of over 100 live*, tout iv?s forced :u transfer lirr |MKsagc at the last moment owing, I hear, to costumiers" delays. Mr. George Musgiijve entertained on Friday night last the otnvers and men of the (iuards who receutly returned from 1 the Soudan ar_ the Sbafteshury The.itre. The "Tommies ' were enthusiastic in their approval of "Tlic Belie of NV« Vork, " trhiih piero siil! draws riecllciil houses, and showed also toeir \mrni appreciation of the "free eanleen" which the boss ol the oM linn generously provided for his militarj" gues;*. There should He a large mn?tcr nT Angln- Australinns at the All>ert Hill oil Wednes day week nrxt when Madame Melba's con cert t.ikes place, and for the Hist time in the iiallV musical history the throe .-nief performers, the |>rima donna, the leading contralto, aud the solo violinist, will be Antipodcmis, namrly, Mellw, Ada ("ro«s. ley, and -lollann Knist. Mi" Crossley. by the w«y, a(>[>car= with Allkuii and l!.-ii Davio* before the Queen a; Balmoral on Saturday next, and the giiieii tn.) will be the guests of Lord and l^idy <.'arrir.i; ton at Aberecldie t'astle on the previous dav. The report ot the Krocholil Trust Com pany of Australia. Limited, tor the yoar ending June r*l l^^t, st.'.Tes that the net pro:it« 1 it- l!i.i; period were i'-t.903. whJch. ui:h llic balance of L-J.:WO brought forward.enables the directors to propose a dividend at the rate of .■> per cent, per annum i'or the last lialf year, and carry forward 1:3.563. The rcpor'L winds up wilh a reeomiuendauou tor the immediate winding-up of th? com pasy Ice tbe reaaoa that in coawqueace «i :h/> frcdi reduction which ii.i* t.iVcn *~mv in nvfnr jcai-s in the rates ohta;:i.i!ilc •"> loin* <nvr"freehold lands in Australia. ;!i.. .-.lirm-tnrs. .is existing !'i.:n~- iiij:an'. ri'id ;: imiio-sililo t.< renew or iriiiv««: the m.-im-y on" terms wliii-li w.ll .vi.-ld a i.r.i-n t>? 1. .■ ."harrhildeis. The ordinary jienrra! meet ing of the company takes place }\f\z Thuri-day. and at its conclusion an extra ordinary mootinp will ensue for the pur po-e of liisciissiug th«' t?nard's reiflmrarti dation. when. 110 doulii, the resolution to w:nd tip v.iil be carried. 