THE STORYTELLER The Red Axe* By S. R. Crockett (Author of «? The Raiders,' '? The Lilac Sun bonuet,' ' Lochinvar,' &c.;). CHAPTER XXTX. LOVES ME — LOVES ME XOT. Now how thin plan o{ my Lord Prince's worked in the Palace of Plassenburg I find it difficult to tell without writing myself down a ' painted flittermouse,' as the Prince expressed it. I was in high favour with my master ; well liked aleo by most of the hard-driving, rough -riding young soldiers whom the miller's son had made out of the sons of dead and damned Ritterdom. I got my share of honour and good service, too, in going to different courts and bringing back all that Prince Karl needed. To exercise myself in the art of war I hunted the border thieves and gave them short enough shrift. In a year I had made such an assault as that )f the inn at Erdberg an im possibility all along the marches of our provinces. The crusty old councillor, Leopold Dessauer, who had held office under the last Piince of the legitimate line, was ever leady to assist me with the kindest of deeds and the bitterest of words. ' What did I tell you about being Field -Mar- shal r ' said be one day. 'In Karl's kingdom the shorter the service the higher the distinction. If you and the Prince live long enough, I shall see you carry a musketoon yet, ind not one of the latest pattern, either. You will be promoted down, like a booby who has been raised by chance to the top of the class.' ' Well ' said 1, humbly, for I always reve renced age, ' then, I hope, High Chancellor Des eauer, that I shall carry my mui-ketoon well. ' I do not doubt it,' said he. ' And that is the most hopeful thing I have seen about you yet. It is just possible, on the other hand, that^ you may vet rule and the Prince carry the pie Be. ' God forbid,' said I, heartily. For next to rov own father, of all men I loved the Prince. '' The Princess hath a pretly hand,' remarked Dessauer casually. ' I' faith, yes,' eaid I. ' What have you been at to find out that ? ' ' Weak— weak,' he said, shaking his head. ' I fear you will wreck on that rock. It is your blind peril.' ?' My blind peril,' cried I. ' What may that be, High Councillor ? ' ' Ah, lad,' he 6aid, smiling with that wise, all-patient smile which the aged affect when they intend to be impressive, yet know how useless is their wisdom. ' It was never intended by the Almighty that any man should have eyes all round his head. That was why he fixed two in front, and made them look straight forward. That is also why he made him a little lower (generally a good deal) than the angels.' I heard him as if I heard him not. ' You do me the honour to follow me ? ' he said, looking at me. He was, I think, conscious that my eyes waudered to the door, for indeed I was expecting the Little Playmate down every minute. 'Ah, yea, you follow indeed,' he said, bitterly, ' bit it i6 the flirt of farthingales down the turret steps. No matter. As I was saying, every man ' has his blind peril. He can see the thousand. He provides laboriously against them. He blocks every avenue of risk, he loc-ks every dangerous door, and lo, there is the thoueand-and-first right before him, yawning wide open, which he does not see — his Blind Peril.' '* And which, High Councillor Deesauer, is my blind peril r ' ' I will tell you, Hugo,' he said : «' not that you will believe or alter a hair. A man may do many things in this world, but one thing he can not do. He cannot kiss the fingers of a Princess, dainty fingers, too, separating finger from finger, and kiss also the Princess's niaid-of-honour on the mouth. The combination is certainly entertain ing, but it is somewhat explosive.' ' And how,' asked I, ' may vou know all that?' The old man nodded his head sagely. ' Neither by inkpnol nor yet by scrying. All the same, I know. Moreover, your peril is not a blind peril onty, but a blind m m s peril. Ye must choose, and that quickly, little son — fingers or lips.' 1 heard the rustle of a skirt down the stair. It was the light springing tread of the one I Joved first and best, last and only. ' By the twelve gods, lips,' cried I, and made for the door. And I heard the chuckling laughter of High Chancellor Dessauer behind me as I followed Helene down the stairs. It sounded like the de canting of mellow wine, long hidden in darksome eel1 an, and now bringing to the light the smiling of ancient vineyards and the shining of forgotten puns. I found Helene arrived before me in the rose garden. She did not turn round as I came, though she heard me well enough. Instead she walked on plucking at a marguerite. ' Love me — loves me not,' she said, bearing upon the last word with triumphant accent, as ehe continued to dismantle the poor flower. And flashing round upon me with the solitary petal in her hand, she presented it with a low bow, in elvish mockery of the manner of the court exquisite. ' Ah, true flower,' she said, apostrophising the bare stalk, ' a flower cannot lie. It has not a glosing tongue. It cannot change back and forth. The sun shines. It turns towards the sun. The sun leaves the sky. It shuts itself up aud waits his return. Ah, true flower, dear flower, how un like a man you are.' ' Helene,' said I, ' you have learned conceits from the catch-books. You quarrel by rote Were I as eager to answer me, I might say, ' Ah, false flower, you grow out of the foulness under neath. You give vour fragraace to all without discretion— a common lover, prodigal of favours, fit only to be torn to pieces of pretty, spiteful finders, and to die at last with a lie in your mouth.' Ag- ain I pay false flower.' ' You can turn the comers. Sir Jue-gler, with words,' answered Helene. ' So much they have already taught you in a court. But there is one thing that your fine-feathered tutors have not taujrht you — to make love to two women in one house and hide it from both of them. Hot and cold come too near each other. They will mix and make lukewarm of both.' A wise observation and one that I had made myself. '' May the Devil take all princes and prin cesses,' I began, a? I had done to the Prince him self. Helene shook her head. ' Hugo.' she said, ' I was but a simpleton when I came hiiher, and knew nothing. Now I am wise and I know.' She touched her Forehead with her finger, just where the curls trere softest and prettiest. ' Oh. you have learned to be thrice more beau tiful than ever you were,' I said impetuously. ' So I am often told,' am-wered she, calmly. ' Who dared tell you r ' cried I, quick as fire lying my baud on my sword. ' The false common flowers by the wayside tell me,' said Helena portly. ' Let them beware, or I will take their heads off for lauk weeds,' I answered. For at that time, in the Court of Plassenburg, we talked in figures and romance worte. We had indeed become so familiar with the mode that we could U6e no other, even in times of earnestness. So that a man would go to be hanged or married with a conceit on his lips. ' I think, Sir Janus,' she said, ' that you would not be the worse of a little medicine of your own concocting.' And with that she swept her skirts daintily about and tripped down in to the pleasaunce of flowers, to make which the Prince Karl had brought a skilled gardener all the way from France. I prowled moodily about the higher terrace, moodily watching the sky and thinking on the morrow's weather. And, by-and-bye, I saw one come forth from among the cropped Dutch hedges, and stride across to where Helene walked, with a flow.er in her hand. I could see her again picking a flower to pieces, and methought I could hear the words. My jealous fancy conjured up the ending, ' Loves me not — loves me. Loves me not.' She turned even as she had done to me. It was that sneering Court fop, the Count von Reuss, Duke Casimir's nephew — still in hiding from the wrath of hie uncle. For at that time hardly any court in Germany wa6 without one or two of these hangers-on, and a bad, reckless, illcontriv ing breed they were at Plassenburg, as else where. Then grew my heart bard aud bitter, and yet, in a moment afterwards, was only wistful and sad. ' She had besn safer,' thought T. ' iu the old Bed Tower than playing flower fancies with such a man.' I had seen the very devil look out of his eye — which indeed it did as often as he cast it on a fair woman. In especial I lopged to throttle him each time he turned to watch Helene as she went by. Aud here she was walking with him, and talk ing pleasantly, too, in the rose garden of the Palace. ' Ah, devil take all princes and princesses,' said I. ' This one, it is true, waa only a count and disinherited. But I felt that this was the Priuce's doing, and that it wafi for the sake of the cove naiithe had made with me that I had to put up with such a toad as Von Reuss crawling and be slimiog the fair garden of my love. It was an evening without eloudB— everything shining clear after rain, the scent of the flowers rising like incense so full and sweet that you could almost see it. The unnumbered birds were every one awake, responsive and emulous. The silence of midsummer was broken up. It was like an other spring. Th3 Princess Ysolinde came out to take the air. She was wrapped in her gown of sea-green silk, with the sparkles of dull copper upon it. The dress fitted her like a snake's skin, and glittered like it, too, as she swayed her lithe body in walk ing. ' Ha, Hugo,' she ,7air), ' I though I should find you here.' I did not say that if another had been kinder she might have found me elsewhere and otherwise employed. I had the discretion to leave things as they were. For the time to speak plainly was not yet. She toot my arm and we paced up and down. ' Princess,' I began. ' Ysolinde,' corrected she, softly. It was an old and unsettled contention between us. ' Well, then, Ysolinde, to- morrow must I ride to fight the men of mine own country of the Wolf mark. I like not the duty. But since it must be, for the sake of the brave Prince, it Bhall be well done.'' 11 You do not say ' For your sake, Ysolinde ? '' she answered pensively. ' No,' I said, ' ? for the Prince's sake.' ' ' You would do all things for the Prince's sake —nothing1 for mine,' said the Princess, withdraw ing her hand. ' On the contrary, Lady Ysolinde,' I made auswer, ' I do all things for your sake. Save for the sake of your good will I should now be else where.' Which was true enough, I should have been in the garden pleasaunce beneath, and probably with my sword out, arguing the case with Von But she pressed my arm, for she understood that I had delayed a day from my duty for her sake. So touched at heart was Ysolinde that ehe slipped her hand down from my arm and took my baud instead, flirting a comer of her shawl cleverly over both, to hide the fact from the men at-arms, as Helene could not have done to save her life. But eVery maid rif honour who pusstd I found Helene arrived before me in the rose garden.— Chapter XXIX. noted and knew, lifting eyebrows at one another, I doubt not as soon as we passed, winch thing made me feel like a fool and blush hotly. For I knew that ere they were couched that night every maid of them would tell Helene, and with plea sure in the tale, too. ' Devil take ? ' I began and stopped. ' What did you say ? ' asked Ysolinde, al most tenderly. . ' That if I come not back again from the Wolfmark it will be the better for all of us, 1 made answer, which was indeed the sense if not the exact text of my remark. ' Nay,' she said shuddering, ' not better tor me that am oonipanionless. « Why so ? ' said I boldly. You do not love me Deep at the bottom of your heart you love your husband, Karl the Prince. You know there is no man like him. Me you do not love at all. ' You will not let me,'' she said softly, almost like a shy country maiden. ' Ah, if I had, you would have slain me long ere this,' said I, ' for I read you like a child's hornbook that he plays battledore with. ' Have not_love. Have— hate.' There you are, all in brief, my Lady YBolinde.' ' It is false,' laugbel she, ' but I love greatly to hear you call mo Ysolinde. She netted her fingers in mine beneaih the shawl. Well might the High Councillor say that she bad a beautiful band. Though, God wot, much he knew about it. For Ysolinde of Plassen burg could speak with her haud, love with it, be angry wiih it, hate with it — and kill with it. ' I am an experiment,' said I, ' one that has lasted you a little longer than the others, my Lady Ysolinde, only because you have not come to the end of me so soon.' ' Pshaw,' 6he said, pushing me from her, for we were at the turuing of a path, ' you love another. That is the amulet against infection that you carry. Yet sometimes I taink that that other is only your hateful, plain-favoured, vainly conceited self.' I saw the Prince i-it alone, according to his custom, in an arbour behind us at that very mo ment, aud judge ye if I blushed or no. But the Princess saw him not, being eager upon her flouting of me. ' I tell you,' she cried, scornfully and disdain fully, ' there is nothing interesting about you but the blueness of your eyes, and I hat any monk can make, and deeper aud bluer, with his lapis lazuli. An experiment — why should I, Ysolinde of Plnssenburg, experiment with you, the son of the Red Axe of the Wolfsberg ? ' ? ' Nay, that 1 know not,' I answered, ' but yet I am indeed your arrow butts, your target of practice, your whipping-boy, to be slung at and arrow-drilled and bullet-pitted.' ' I dare say,' she said, bitterly, ' and all the time you go scatheless — no more heart-stricken than if summer flies lighted on thee. Away with such a man, he is the ghost of a man — a simu lacrum—no true lover/' ?' At your will, Princess. I go indeed away. I will to-morrow seek the spears. But, after all, you will not send me forth in anger ? ' I said, with a strong conviction that I knew the answer. ' And why not ? ' said she. ' Because,' I replied, looking at her, ' I am, after all, the one man who believes thoroughly in your heart's deep inward goodness. I believe in vou even when you do not believe in yourself. I can affirm, for I know better than you know your self. You cover the beauty of your heart from others. You flout and jeer. Above all, you ex periment dangerously with words and actions. But, after all. I am necessary to you. You will not send me away in anger. For you need some one to believe in the soundness of your heart. And I, Hugo Gottfried, am that man.' ' Hence, flatterer,' cried the lady, smiling, hut well pleased. ' It is known to all that I am the old serpent — the deceiver — the ill fruit of the Knowledge of Evil. And now you say of Good also. And what is more and worse, you expect me to believe you. Wherein you also experiment. I pray you, do not so. That is to you the forbid den fruit. Good-night, and go pray for a more truthful tongue.' And with that she went in, the copper spangles glancing at her wrist, red as the light on ripe wheat, and all her tall figure lissom as the bend ing corn. CHAPTER XXX. INSULT AND CHALLENGE. Niw, because there is still so much to tell and so little time and spice to tell it, I must go for ward rapidly. In these dull times of grouting peace, when men are like penned pigs, waking up only at feeding time, they have no knowledge of how swiftly life went in times when every day brought a new living friend, or a new dead enemy, when love and hate awakened fresh and fresh with each morrow's sun — and when I was young. Perhaps that last is the reason. But when the Baltic Norther snorts without and mine ancient thigh wound twinges down where my hand rests, naturally, I have no better resource but to tall to the goose quill. And lo, long ere I am done with the firs* page, and have the ink no more than half way to the roots of my hair, I am again in the midst of the riuging hoofs of the foray. I hear the merry dinting of steel on stei3l ; the sullen chug-chug of the wheels of Foul Peg, the Mar grave's great caunou, which he lent our Prince ; the oaths of the men-at-arms shouldering her up, apostrophising most indecently her fat haunches, and the next moment getting tossed aside like nine pins by her unexpected lurches. Ah, the times that were when I was young. I see these gallants about our later courts Lord help them, sons of mine own, too, some of them, year in and year out, crossing their legs , and staring1 at the gilded points of their shoon. All has grown so tame — none now to ride a-questing in the Baltic forests for border brig ands — indeed no brigands to quest for. But I forget. Time was when I looked love, and I, too, had shoes, aye with golden tips to match the armour of honour which the Prince gave me after I had led my first regiment lo vic tory — even as the Lady Ysolinde had said. And noble shoes of price they were, too. And I could make love, too, when I had the chance. But, nevertheless, not more than one day in six — spending the rest in the new training of my men, the perfection of their equipment, the chosing of their horseB, and the providing for their stores. God wot — it was a good time. I mind me the year when the Prince fell out with Duke Cassi mir, and we played the old tricks with him. Never was I gladder of any quest than that to ride within sight of the Red Tower, and wave the blue and yellow of my master under the very ramparts of the Wolfsberg, and almost within hearing of the inhuman howling of the bloodhounds. ' Singe his beard,' said my master. And with a hundred riders I did it, too, for though the burghers clattered to their gates, I rode to the very walls of the Wolfsberg, which for bravado I summoned to surrender. And the best of it was that no man knew me. For I had grown bearded and strong, and was most UDlike the lad who had ridden away so meekly and almost in tears out of the gate of the Wolfsberg. Of my father, thank God, I saw nothing— though I doubt not he saw my troop. For, doubt less, he would be with his master —aged no w,soured, aud prone to cower about fearing the dagger or the poisoned bowl, seeing an enemy in every sha dowy corner aud hearing the whistle of the assassin's bullet in every wind. And save when au honest burgher was slain by the Black Riders, the beasts of the kennels were fed on diet more ordinary than of old. So we rode back with our prisoners, and as much plunder as we could screw out of old Bur gomeister Texel and his burghers by threats of sacking the city — a deed which I was main sorry for afterwards, in the light of that which hap pened at a later day. But I knew not the future then, and it was as well. For the gilders paid nobles for the new-fashioned ordnance which stood us in such stead hat autumn, when we had sterner work in hand than singeing the grey beird of Duke Oai«imir. Within Schloss Plassenburg things went on much as usual. Perhaps I was hx in my wooing — I cannot tell — I loved sincerely enough, of a certainty. Nor was I backward in telling Helene of it, and sometimes she would love me well enough, and then again she would not. fc-o that I ? could not tell what she would be at. Looking back upon everything now, I see well enough how the rankling secret thorn was the ac cursed understanding with the Prince, that for his peace's sake I was to be friendly with the Princess and let her try her fool experiments on me. Which she did, God wot, innocently enough, that is, for all the harm they did me. But, neverthe less, without knowing it, I kept the Little Play mate with a sore and aching heart for many a day. But I made nothing of it — thinking, like a care less, ill-deserving soldier- lover, eager for success and dazed with ambition, chiefly of my profession, of how to win battles and take fortresses, till one dxy I came on Helene with her cheeks wet and her pretty lips bitten till the blood came. ' What is't. little one ? Tell me,' said I, go ing to her and putting my arm about her, as in deed I had some right to do, if no more than the right of having carried her up into the Red Tower in her white gown so long ago. Bnt she wrested herself out of ray hold, say ing : 'Do not touch me, sir. 'Tie all your fault.' ' What is my fault, dear lass ? ' said I. ' Tell me and I will instantly amend it.' ' Oh,' she cried, casting her hands out from her in bitter complaint, 'there is nothing so meanly selfish as a man. He will say tender things, aye, and do them, too, when it Jiketh him. He can be, oh, so devoted and so full of his eter nal affections. He is dying all for love. And then, soon aslxe passes out of the door he ties his sword-knot and points his moustache to his liking, and lo ! there is no more of him. He goes and straightway forgets till it shall please his High Mightiness to call again. Oh ! and we — we women, poor things* must- stand with our mouths open, like mossy carp in a pond, and struggle and push for *«uch crumbs of comfort as he will deign to throw us from the full larder of his self-satisfaction ' This was a most mighty speech for the Little Playmate, and took me entirely by surprise For mostly she was still enough and quiet enough in her ways. ' 'Tis true, sweetheart, that some niPn are like this, but not Hugo Gottfried, (surely. When did you ever find me unkind, unthankful, unfaith ful ? When went I ever away and left you alone ? ' ' Oh, you did— you did,' she cried, the tears starting from her lovely eyes, ' or I should never have been insulted — treated lightly, spoken to as a staled thing of courts and camps.' And Helene sank down by the garden wall in an abandonment of sorrow — so that my heart grew hot and angry at the cause of her grief, to me then unknown. I knelt down beside her. ' Dearest,' Baid I, ' I knew nothing of this. Tell me wbo has insulted you ? As God is in His heaven, I will have my sword in hie heart, were it the Prince himself. Tell mp, and by the Lord of the Innocents, I will make him eat cold steel and drink his own blood therewith.'' ' Oh, it was my own fault — I know I should not have mot him— let him speak to me in the garden. But you were so cold to me, Hugo. And then I thought— I thought that the Woman was taking you away from me. Also she sent me out to be in his path.' ' In whose way I bid you tell me, and what woman ? ' Though the latter I knew well enough. ' The Princess,' she answered, ' and the Count von Reuss. To-day he ppoke to me of love, and spoke it hatefully, shamefully ; -when the Princess has bidden me go and enrry her message to him. But it wae. with me that ht de sired to meet. And I — at fi-st many days ago — I walked by his side and listoned. For you were on the high terrace, and I wished you to see. I thought — I hoped — ' And the little one broke off with tears. ' I know, I know,' cried I, contritely, ' I am a blind, doting fool. I thought no more of such ' dangers than when I had you safe and innocent, my Plavmate of the Red Tower. Bat what did or said Von Renne ? ' ' Truly he did naught, but only ppoke— thine* for which I would have smitten him to death had I possessed a dagger. I bade him begone. And lie swore he would hare me yet in spite of every town's Executioner in the Empire.' ' Ah, will he ? *' eaid I, a calm chill of hatred settling about my heart. ' I, Hugo Gottfried, will execute him if I have to eend for my father's Red Axe to do it with — singed and scented mon key that he is.' ' Nay,' said Helene, ' then I wish I bad not told yon. Perhaps he will not meddle with me more, and if you cross him he may slay thee. Remember I have no friend here but you, Hugo.' ' Caspar von Reuse slay me. I could eat him up without salt or savoury — a weak reed, a kerl without backbone save of buckram ; why I will shake him this day like a rat between my hands.' So I spoke in my anger, hot with myself that I had let the Little Play irate suffer these things, and resolve that neither Prince nor Princess would stand between me and my love a moment longer. But it taken nioro thau Say-so to budge the stubborn wheels of circumstance'. {To be. continued.) 