THEi HAUNTED I MOUNTAINS • COLONEL CODY'S SEAICH. A ROMANCE OP TiE WEST. BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRA.M, Author of the "Mysterious Man in Blue." &c.; CHAPTER XXVI.-A BC'GLE CALL. That the Indians were tnIr,, w,. .... prise goes without saying. Cunning and cautious as they were, they had kept no watch, for they dared not let a brave re main away from the fire on such a night. They had no fear whatever, believing that no one was abroad in the blizzard of ice. They Iad ? o ben' hastening for their home when they came upon the camp deserted, not an hour before, by Cody and Surgeon Powell. The snow had begun to fall, the wind was Increasing in fury, and they had halted there, hoping that the storm would blow over. But by night it in creased, and they preferred to remain. When the rifles rang out in the dark ness beyond the firelight, their roar mingling with, the howling winds, they were momentarily dazed. But right in their, midst lay :a score of their comrades, and the cheers andi shouts of their foes coining upon them brought themn to their senses. The sleepers sprang from their blankets,. and nearly two hundred Indians arose for ac tion. And they prepared to fight-to retreat into the thickets within the circle of firelight and make a desperate stand. Another fire from the repeating rifles brought others down, and then they be held the mass of horsemen moving upon them. Then they began to hit bhack, and hit hard, as they doggedly retreated for the pines where their ponies were hud dled together. For a moment it looked desperate for the pale-faces, for several had fallen dead under the red-skin fire and others were wounded. But just then the bugler in the rear sounded his wild call, and the Indians, who had felt they could withstand the force they saw, believed that it was but an advanced guard of a larger force, and they preferred to brave the dangers of the blizzard to death by the bullets. But they retreated very sullenly, until off on the right flank sounded another bugle call, and soon after again in the centre and then on the left. Three calls indicated to the Indians that they were being flanked, and as the force was then pushed on in a des perate charge, they broke in a wild stampede and sped down the valley, fir ing as they lied. "I will pursue them with my scouts for a short distance, Lieutenant Seaford, while you get your force in camp and have pots of coffee made with all haste," cried Cody; and away he dashed with eight scouts at his back, while Surgeon Powell turned to care for the wounded. "That was a splendid ruse of yours, bugler, rushing to -the flanks and giving your calls," said Lieutenant Seaford, as the bugler rode up with Spurs, the negro, and the pack-horses. "I only obeyed Chief Cody's orders, sir; for he sent a scout back to tell me to sound the calls on the flanks," said the bugler, frankly. "Well. it stampeded the Indians. just as it was hanging in the balance whether we would not be stampeded," 'was the lieutenant's reply: and he gave orders to station half a dozen sentinels, have supper with all haste, and to bring the wounded up to the fire, and then he began to see about his own men. "Two soldiers and a scout dead, and eight men wounded, with half a dozen horses killed, Powell," he said, as the Surgeon Scout was lusy with the wounded. "We got off light, for there are a score of dead Indians lying round," was the answer. "Thirty are killed, and they took many wounded braves with them. "We cap tured a couple of dozen of their ponies for tunately; but I trust Cody will not venture too far." "No, but he will pursue until he makes the Indians believe he has a large force following, and then they will keep closed up, and ride hard to escape and find a sheltered camp." It was over an hour before Cody re turned to the camp, and the horses were used up and men almost dead from cold. "I scattered my men, and they thought we had a large number in pur suit They will keep going now," said Cody. "It is just as Powell said. Come up and get some hot coffee, all of you, and then turn in, for the rest of the.com mand are warmed up now, have had supper, and I change the guards every half hour. But. Cody, your orders sent back to Bugler Brock saved us, for those calls sent the red-skins flying." "I am glad of it lieutenant. But see, the blizzard is increasing in fury, and if those poor red-skins don't freeze, it will surprise me;" and Cody did full justice to the supper placed before him by Spurs. The wounded had been cared for, the horses blanketed, and the fires were piled high with logs, but there was little sleep for the brave men that night of itorm and danger. CH APTIFR XXVII.--LOST. The morning dawned with the storm still raging, the fierce wind driving the snow in stinging showers over the land. Breakfast was had at an early hour, and Surgeon Powell looked to the wounded and reported another scout dying, but the others doing well, add ing : "Fortunately, there is not another man seriously wounded." A council of war was held, the two lieutenants,. the Surgeon Scout,and Cody being present, and after each had given his views on the situation, it was de cided to go on. "I can leave two of your scouts, Cody, and a sergeant and four soldiers here to bury the dead and to look after the wounded who cannot go on. This, with our losses, will cut our force down to about thirty men, but we will still out number the outlaws, and a surprise will count for much in our favor. As you said, we do not wish to be thwarted In our expedition, though we certainly have accomplished much in the blow we gave the red-skins. We will be ready to start in an hour." So said Lieutenant Seaford,and at the time stated the daring band that was to still face the blizzard rode out of the camp on their desperate march to the outlaw retreat, leaving behind them the force to care for the wounded. Taking the same trail the red-skins had pursued, after three hours' weary march they came where they had been compelled to halt for the night, or freeze to death. Their camp-fires were still burning, and this was a great delight to the little band; though the red-skins, fearing pur suit, had evidently started.soon after daylighit. 'Saplings had been' cut to form •stretchers for the wounded, and .the 568 camp presented a most dreary look, for the red-skins had been forced to leave their dead, and nearly half a hundred warriors who had died from their wounds and others who had frozen to death had been left in the camp. There were dead ponies, too, and a few wounded ones, showing that. the warrior band had suffered terribly, and the rem nant, cut down to one-half, were press ing on in flight for their village. A few miles further Cody stuck to the trail.and again and again were passed the bodies of braves and used-up ponies. Then Cody branched off towards the out law retreat, finding his way by the mountain- tops, for the storm still con tinued. It was late when they came to the river, the scout having unerringly struck the point where he had crossed with his weird guide. 'i'he stream was hard frozen now, and the ice bore the party, and a crossing was made. "Now. I must be very careful, for this storm blinds me. I only passed this way and by night.' said '-ody;-and he moved on slowly through the still driving storm. It n-as but an hour to sunset, and the scout expected to reach the entrance to the outlaw valley by dark, then camp for supper, and when the men were warm and rested, make a night attack on the cabins. But he halted again and again and glanced about him. ffhe snow shut out all from view, and he had no mountain peaks to guide him. At last it became evident that the ever-unerring scout, Codly. was at fault. "Lieutenant Seaford, we must camp here, sir, for I am lost." S"Iost, Cody?" "Yes, sir. This is a miserable place for a camp, with no water and little wood, but night is falling, and to wander aim lessly means death. We must make the best of it until daylight.'' "It is all we can do, though I fear for our horses and men thus exposed." "It will be worse sir, if we go on, and darkness catches us where there is no wood." "You are right; and so here we will camp, for it is growing dark now." The order was reluctantly given, and the men were compelled to make the best of it. Where they had expected to reach the outlaw retreat that night and find shelter, if after a hard fight, they must make the best of what was before them. But no one blamed the chief of scouts, for all had wondered how he had thus far led them through that blinding storm. They knew that they and their horses would suffer terribly through..the night -that some would die, perhaps; but there was no grumbling, and the men set to work to make the best of it, when suddenly a cry from Cody startled one and all, and every eye was upon him. CHAPTER XXVIII.-A WEIRD e GUIDE. In the gathering gloom of coming night, in the driving mist of snow, the scouts and soldiers saw Cody seated up on his horse - for he had made another effort to find a better camping ground his hand outstretched as he pointed to wards some object upon which his eyes rested. At first they saw nothing, but the keen gaze of Lieutenant Seaford pierced the sweeping curtain of falling snow, and beheld a horse and rider. It was a white horse, and the rider was envelop ed in a mantle as spotless as the snow about him. It looked like a shroud, and floated about the form of the horse man almost like a cloud it seemed. "See! it is a horseman, and steed and rider look like ghosts," cried Lieutenant Seaford. Every eye saw it now, and they beheld an arm of the weird horseman rise and beckon them towards him, then point in a certain direction. "Come, Lieutenant Seaford, we must follow him, for that is my Ghost Guide," cried Cody. "Yes, Seaford, Spectre Horseman or whatever it be, we must follow," said Surgeon Powell. The young officer saw Cody ride to wards the phantom-like form, and in stantly it moved away from him, but still beckoned for him to follow. "Come, mount men-forward, march!" Lieutenant Seaford commanded; and the men, who had dismounted, leaped to their saddles as quickly as their be numbed limbs would allow. "He leaves a trail, Cody, I am glad to see," cried the lieutenant, springing for ward to the side of the scout. "Yes, sir; but horse and rider are about as weird a pair as I ever met, Still, he led me to safety once, and I will follow him." \ "Yes, I remember; but why not ride up and join him?" "You notice, sir, that he does not wish it, for the moment I hasten my pace he does the same." "True, so humor him by all means, only do not let him get out of sight." "I'll try not to, sir." "You do not fear a trap?" "Not after what he once did for me, sir." "Wh1at do you make out of such a guide?" "I do not know, sir. But whoever or whatever he is, he dwells in these moun tains, and knows them, though just how he came in time to save us I do not know." "Well, ghost or mortal man, we are indebted to him for our lives, I almost begin to feel. It is growing very dark -do you see him?" "Yes, sir, he has dropped back nearer to us, as though not to have us lose him." After riding on a short distance fur ther, Cody began to look about him, in spite of the darkness. f At last he said "Lieutenant Seaford, I know where we are." "Ah!" "We are in the canyon leading to the little valley. I recognise the high cliffs now, and I find I got off the trail a couple of miles back. See there, sir;" and Cody pointed to high cliffs upon one side, and ahead loomed another wall of rock. "The weird guide has halted, Cody." "Yes, he is at the entrance of the pass. See, he points up the valley, and - he has gone." "You are right." The weird guide had suddenly turned and his horse had dashed off at a bound. "What does it mean, Cody?" "It means, sir, that he knew we were lost, and he has guided us to the pass entering the valley in which the Mid nighters have their retreat." "And it is near?" "The barrier across from cliff to cliff is not a quarter of a mile ahead, and then we enter the valley, and, crossing it, are upon the cabins." "Well, we will not delay in attacking them, for the men are half-frozen and the horses used up." AYes; and through the snow we can ride right up to the cabins and demand the surrender of the outlaws, for we can surround each hut, and the sooner we fight it out and get warmth and shelter the better." "You are right: so lead the way, and I will have the men come up in close order and look to their weapons;" and the lieutenant waited for his men to come up while Cody rode on ahead. When they came up again with him, he was at the barrier, and had let the bars down The weird guide had been true, the goal was before them, and they were ready to fight to the end. CHAPTER X?Ix. ?TEIE WARNING. Cody knew the way well up the little. valley,. round the. lake, and to the log cabins of the outlaws. No horses were seen, but they had doutbless been put under shelter, he thought. He had studied the retreat and its sur roundings well while a prisoner, and was not at fault now, for the cabins lay be fore him. There were six of them, and the men were detached in squads to surround each one. Men and horses were piti fully cold; but the prospect of battle, and warmth and food to follow, was a great, reviver for the scouts and sol diers. Not a sound was heard.saveithe roar ing of the merciless storm, and not a light was visible in the cabins; the scout saw; but then the shutters would na turally be closed. It was not late, and yet the outlaws seemed to have all retired. Not a spark or a sign of. smoke was seen rising up from any of the chimneys,, . . At last the men had got their piositions, disriounted, and with.their arms ready, stood awaiting the ordeal. Knocking loudly upon the door of what he knew to be the cabin of Captain Law less, Cody awaited a reply, while Sur geon Powell, Lieutenant Seaferd, and Lieutenant Emory at the same time knocked at the doors of the other log huts. But no answer came to any of the I knocks. 1 Again they were repeated, but it was the same silent response that greeted them. "Open in the name of the United States army." commanded Lieutenant Seaford, and his words were repeated at the doors of the other cabins. Still no response. "Come, men, break in the doors!" commanded Seaford; and large logs of wood lying outside of each cabin and six feet in length were raised and hurled against the doors. Whatever the fastenings they soon gave way, and the doors stood open. Then the pine knots were brought into requisition, lighted, and one was thrown into each cabin. The light revealed that each cabin was deserted, and, running in, the pine torch was thrown from the clay floor into the large fireplaces. The ashes in each were cold, showing that there had been no fire there for some days.at least. The large logs outside were then brought in, and quickly fires were blaz ing and sending forth a cheerful light and genial warmth. The Midnighters had not been found, but the half frozen men were in a place of refuge from the fearful storm and cold. Quickly their horses were unsaddled, blanketed, and led into three of the cabins, and the oats brought on a pack animal riven to them in- ar ther esner ous quantity, while the ice on the lake was broken, and the hoeses' comfort cared for by their humane riders. The tired, hungry, and cold brutes greatly enjoyed their shelter and food, and the soldiers and scouts gathered in the other cabins and cooked supper, while the officers, Sprgeon Powell, and Cody took possession of the chief's quarters, and watched Spurs' preparations for a hearty supper. No one seemed to feel there was any need of a watch being set, for tle out laws would never attack such a force. So they warmed themselves before-the, blazing logs, ate a hearty supper, and. spreading their blankets, turned in for their much-needed rest. Cody was the first one to awake in the morning, and he threw some logs on the fire; and, opening the door of the cabin, stelpped out to see what the weather was to be. The wind still howled dismally, and the skies were overcast with leaden clouds, but the snow had ceased to fall. "At last the storm has spent itself. It will clear off to- day," muttered the scout, with evident satisfaction, and he turned to awaken the others in the cabin when his eyes fell upon a slip of paper before the door. It had been stuck there with a large pin. Instantly the scout took it down, expecting that the outlaws had left it there, and unfolding it read as follows, written in a legible hand: Colonel Cody,-Your foes have fled, and you must return to the post, and await another time to strike them. The Indians will make a-sweep down upon the post and settlements in the thaw that will follow this storm, for all is ready for their raid; so return with all haste and prepare for them. 