THE LGHTJTtiAT CAST NO SHADQVW. Curious stories are told about thq powers pos Srse5ed y cetnjntlvs? s of c ndi who live up among the HlmalayiC mobhtriin These old men, it issaid, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural-laws-and forces, which the rest o the. f or knows nothing about. Lately a German -professor visited the "adepts," as these queer HinduShare called, for the purpose of. finding on, the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scur. vily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted .t0.exanmie. some ancienpt \--sanskrit manuscripts,, AU alept wsen :lih him to a carp wheredn rice the hoeks were kipt. The place ,wu dark'ir l bottout of a weit: : S"I cantsec to6 riad,'tbhere,' sail thde viiti'?' : c "Then we:willtave some light," was the re ply, and immediately (the professer says) a soft ra Pearly lighthbrightenedthe cave. He could not tell whence it came, bsts he noticed that it had one strange quality-u" cast not the slightest shldown . .. , . , This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and..high character, and you whd now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the light you~ have seen have cast shadows. Belief or uu. belief commonly runs.parrallbl withone's `own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the neo count of the Lisbon earthqnake,yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost: S. In the spring of 1888 ". writes our corres r. pondent. "I fell into a low, weak,. and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first mi storpach was :deranged, my appetite poor, and attar citing I had a pail and weight 7\. at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, ,, and frequently apat up anor floid, also bitter bile. Later on sI effered't.rn nervouoness and great depresion of spirits. I kept up with' my - work, hut had . alays a sense of discomfort. Off and on: I continued in this way fog two yeors, nothing that :i took relevinv me.' At lnst beratrd of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro. cured as supply. After I bad taken only a few doses, I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left Lse. Although I hadno reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. linoe my recovery, for ' which I thank Mother Seigel's Curativu Syrup I have beeonin the best of hoalth nud spirits. In the interests of asffering hunm:inity I dectn it is aduty to sed this testimony. (Signed) GI D. Griffiths.,1lil lUockley'hill, birminghaim, June eight 18118." . Tliere, is a deal of difference between Mr. CGillith's candid letter and the story about the .light that cast no shadow. Tire latter mayhbe true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is vorth. Ora the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will O0 answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at at his address, Finally, there is nothing mystic or, magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. Itmicte on the theory that most ailments are but Ni symptbm6,;forms, or phases of that universal disease-indligestion and dypepsia; it cures that and throws thte light of health and Ihapldi over hearti and homos wihere illness and pain had cast such dark and tcrrlfying shhadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. A 