A COWARDLY GHOST; pA LUCKY GIRL'S ACTION. On Thursday night between 7 and o'dclsk the "ghost" made another ,~pearance at Bendigo, this tinime at the intersection of Frederick anrd Valentine streets, at the rear of thei Benerolent Asylum. The locality' is ,quiet one, and well suited for any mischievous pranks. At the hour hamed, Miss Skilbeck, who' resides: Pith her parents at the Red Hill, ?abot a mile from the asylum; left home to visit a friend in Barnard street, and when opposite the residence o Mr. Jcohnson she was sta-t jd.aby the appearance of a form in white, eaving its arms up and down. Miss iilbeck, bearing in mind the :state neighborhood, was carrying in her hand a stone, which she threw at the ,host"' and hit it. The "ghost" sprang at her, struck her in the face, and knocked her down. Her screams brought Mr. Johnson and his-son to the scene, and they saw a form in white running away in a northerly direction. The son pursued it whilst the father carried Miss Skilbeck into the house. She was bleuding pro fb~ly from the mouth, and was in a hinting condition. At eleven o'clock she had somewhat recovered, but she sws in a dazed condition. Young Mr. Johnson followed the "ghost," and or it jump over the fence around a honseoccupied by Mr. Trant (says the "Age"), where it disappeared. Con stable Owsen was informed of the occurrence, and in company with Mears. Trant and, Johnson, searched in the garden, and where the form was sen to go over the fence footprints were observable on the grass. The ghost scare was intensified on aturday, when a tramway employi? on. his way home at an early hour saw the apparition in View- street. He had a revolver in his pocket, but was too frightened to use it. He states that it glided over a six-foot fence, stood on aseatin the reserve, and then passed over the island in the dam toward the how ground. The police on duty being informed of the occur rence scoured the streets, but were enable to find any trace of the ghost, although there were footprints on the sat mentioned. An opinion exists that the scare is being caused by soie person with a flashlight magic lantern. 