The Storyteller, GRACE BARTRAM. CHAPTER III. (Continued). Seated at a table in the middle of the apartment, which was very small, she saw them in the act of sorting the papers, both so busily engaged that they had not noticed the opening of the door. Breathlessly she continued watching them for some little time, as they placed those they intended to destroy on the corner of the table nearest the door. 41 What about those deeds?" requested Harris. " Destroy them too," said Watson ; " they are of no use to us, whatever they may be to him." And they, too, were placed on the pile. Grace gave no thought to her own should they discover iier forgotten. Remembering only that this was the man who had Injured Philip, there almost within reach of her hand lay the papers whose loss had caused him such anxiety, and whose recovery he had said would save his credit On the impulse of the moment, and without considering consequences, she opened the door, stepped quickly but quietly forward and seized the doomed documents. CHAPTER IV. It was but a step from the door to the table, and the men, who had been sitting with their backs to Grace, did not observe her until her hand was placed en the papers. Before they could recover from their astonishment at her sudden appearance—dressed in her loose white robe, with her pale face and streaming hair, she looked like an avenging angel—she was gone and had locked them in. Rushing downstairs she encountered Parsons, who was equally alarmed as Grace flew past her, taking her for a ghost. With the key and papers still in her hand she burst into her uncle's apartment, much to the astonishment of that gentleman, who, having just finished bis letters, was preparing to retire. 1 Oh ! dear Uncle David," she exclaimed ; Mr. Lancaster—don't let him go—there's the key! there are the papers!" and laying them down on the table, Grace, who certainly never was intended for a heroine, sat down on a couch and burst into tears. Mr. Bartram, more astounded than ever, looked first at his niece and then at the key, at a loss to dis cover what it could all mean. When Grace had recovered sufficiently to explain what brought her there, Mr. Bartram was delighted with the news. He had no doubt in the world that the man Watson was the same of whom they were in search ; and ringingthe beU, desired the chambermaid to ask her master to attend upon him. The principal soon made his ap pearance, and the matter was related to him. . The men were immediately given in charge, and a telegram was sent to Mr. Lancaster, who arrived the next morning. He identified Watson in a moment, notwithstanding he had shaved off his beard and whiskers, and having been told the whole story by Mr, Bartram, to whom Grace had comknew at last who he really was, and that Watson was but an assumed name, Mr. Lancaster warmly thanked Grace for the service she had rendered him, and she was more than repaid when she heard that now there was every chance of Philip being able te accompany them, as he first intended, on their journey northward. So George Chambers, alias Watson, and his associate, John Harris, were taken back to London and safely lodged in prison. How true it is that the veriest trifles make up the sum of human existence. The happiness or misery of our future is often governed by events which seem of such slight importance at the time of their occurrence, and yet producing such momentous consequences. If Grace could have found her writing- desk that night, or her maid been in her room when she sought her there, Philip might never have recovered his loss, and Watson and his accomplice been still at large, on their way to Australia. Mr. Lancaster was obliged to. go to .London also for a short time, and Mr, Bartram, with his family, Went the following day to Oaklands, where Philip soon after joined them; •They remained there till the time for Watson's trial arrived, when Mr. Bartram went up with Philip, whose presence was of course required. After which die happy party spent a delightful summer, making a tour through Scotland previous to their return to Richmond. Philip Lancaster appeared to have forgotton that he possessed any other home than the one which contained Grace Bartram. Chambers, aUas Watson, was found guilty, and condemned to penal servitude for twenty years. Harris, who, farther than having procured the. false keys and aided Watson's escape, had no concern in the robbery, got off with only a short sentence of imprisonment TER.V. - did wonders Cor Grace,'who had quite recovered all her blooming beauty when they returned in the autumn to Richmond. Not so with Philip. Every day added to the love he felt for his sweet companion, from whom he was rarely to be seen apart—a love which he was determined she should never know, but which he found more and more difficult to conceal. Every glance of her sunny blue eyes, every tone of .her musical voice moved his heart with strong emotion, and it was only by the exercise of painful self-control he could refrain from pouring forth his passion and praying her to give him at least some hope. Little did the ample girl suspect all this, and it never occurred to Philip other that she, whom he loved so ardently, had given her young heart, unsought, to him; that he had become the one idol of her life, the sun of her existence ; that she too loved him with a passion as pure and ardent as his own, but which she would die rather than he should detect, Philip never imagined it possible that Grace would bestow a thought on him. Measuring time by all that, he had suffered, he felt hu&self; mX} in comparison to her, His forfrler marriage, too, he thought might be another obstacle in his way. Moreover, he rather dreaded the ridicule of his old friend at the idea of a man of his years placing; all his hopes of future happiness iri the hands of a child like Grace. No ! It was quite certain, even if she could ever be brought to love him, he could not hope for die consent of her guardian—the disparity was too great So, as he found it impossible to conquer his passion (as he had now resolved to do) while in her presence, he made up his mind to leave Rose- bank, and travel once more, till he had forgotten her, or at least till he had taught himself to render life endurable without her. In pursuance of this resolution, he announced his intention the next day as they sat at dinner, fixing his de parture a fortnightfrom then. Uncle David did all in his power to induce him to alter his resolution, but in vain. Philip Lancaster had made up his mind that this was the right course to adopt, and when once this was the case nothing could dissuade him. Grace's appealing looks were more difficult .to withstand ; but despite even these4iea.dBenedjta: JjiiS intention/and it was'generally understood that at the time named he was to leave them, and that, too, for an indefinite period. From that hour' Grace began to droop, as every day brought the parting nearer* and as the knowledge that he would soon be gone and c never perhaps return forced itself upon her mind she grew more and more wretched. Determined, since he could make up his mind to leave Rosebank, that it was quite clear that he could not care for her, she resolved he should never, see how deeply the thought of losing him had power t© grieve her, keeping up her spirits with a great effort throughout the day, and only giving way to her sorrow at night when alone in'her chamber. Once only, a day or two before his departure, when she had been surprised by the sight of his boxes corded and directed in the hall, the reality cf her loss being so near at hand was brought before her so palpably that it was too much for her fortitude. She rushed back to her room and indulged In a flodd of tears. ' When the farewell morning had at length arrived, the last time she was td see him for years, it might be forever, Grace could hardly summon coarage to enter the breakfast-room. Never before had she seemed to realise the fact that he was going, and the tears, in spite of herself, welled into her eyes at the thought so disagreeably impressed upon her. However, she must nerve herself to meet hini once again ; but above all, she dreaded her uncle's anxious eyes—she feared he would detect she had been weeping. "But surely," she thought, " if I have borne up so long I can command myself for a short time longer. The necessity for self-control will cease in a few hours more. I hear he is going to town with uncle." With a heavy sigh, and with a sinking heart, Grace opened the door «f the breaktast-room and took uncle absent ; only her aunt-and Mr. Lancaster were there, Philip looking wretchedly ill and out of spirits. As the time advanced hie felt less and less inclined to go, as if he could not tear himself away from the place which contained his heart's best treasure, and was almost tempted to alter his resolution and stay, braving Mr. Bartram's ridicule and Grace's scorn, and entreat her to become his wife, to bless and cheer his solitary life. Then, as he looked on her in all her fragile beauty, and thought of the contrast to himself, how could he darken her bright young existence by a union with him, so different in every respect? He felt he must accept his fate, and go down to the grave unloved and alone. Mr. Bartram entered the room after Grace, saying: u Why, Lancaster, you have not been in bed all night! I went to your room just now, thinking to find you there, and saw the bed had been unoccupied. How is that ? " " I had much to do—papers to arrange and letters to write ; besides, I felt no inclination for sleep ; it is always the case with me on the eve of a journey. D$> not look at me so flftkjously. dear Mrs. Bartram," he TO^nued, " I ana quite well, notwithstanding." Grace, kept her eyes fixed upon her plate. Mrs. Bartram thought if he were well his looks greatly belied him, though she made no remark. Just then the' morning letters were brought in—one for Philip, which he put into his pocket without looking at it, and some for Mr. Bartram, one cf which, sealed with a coronet; appeared to give him most intense gratification. Breakfast was a melancholy affair. No one except Mr, Bartram made any pretence of eating. Aunt Esther was unusually silent, and Grace's heart was far too full to talk—she dared not trust her voice to try. - All seemed to feel that this was the last meal they were to take together—it might be the last time they would ever meet—and very little was said by anyone. Grace was glad when the break fast was over and the time arrived for leaving tiie table. As she rose, her uncle said: " Grace, my dear, I wish to have a little conversation with you before I go to town, and will join you in the library in a few minutes. No," he continued, as she was slowly approaching Philip, " you need not say good-bye just yet.; you. will see Mr> Lancaster again before we leave." Grace bowed and left the room. Directly she was gone her uncle drew the letter from his pocket, saying to his sister, " I have news here, Esther, which I think will give you pleasure, and," tflrning to Philip, " you also will be gratified by the of this letter, Lancaster, for I know you love our little Fairy. Love her! Mr. Bartram little dreamed how fondly, how devotedly ! "Lord Charles Clifford." David Bartram went on to say, '* has done me the honor to request the hand of my niece, A cold spasm sho^through Philip's heart. He might at least have been spared that blow. "And I do hope," continued Mr. Bartram,' a little pompously, " that our Grace will authorise me to accept his proposa'. . I shall be veiy much vexed if she refuses him. The settlements the earl offers to tra ce are princely, and Lord Charles is iu every way all that I could wish for her—young, just her own age." (To be concluded r,ext week.) 