Editorial Bric-a-Brac. Anglican Chorch Services. — Sunday, Ootober 23rd ; Molong, 11 a. m., and 7'30 p.m, ; Amaroo, 3 p.m. . The forfa of servioe will be that sanctioned by the Bishop for Thanksgiving for Rain. The Bishop's pas toral letter will be read and special offer : tories made for the Diocesan Society. Children's! Bah*—- In the capacity of Hon. Secretaries to the movement, Miss A. JJlaok and Mias S. Hollings worth, announoe that they are arranging for ajplain and fancy dress ball. It ia defined as a children's affair, though adults are to be admitted; and the proceeds will.be devoted to the piano fund. Wednesday, November 2, is the date fixed for thia interesting funotion, which, it is to ') be hoped will be well patronised. Certainly k. the prices of admissiou should not stand in j the way Of a good attendance, as they are low enough, jnamely, two shillings and one shilling. Heavy Lambs' Fleece — Daring the Shearing at Mr. H, T. Townsend's shed, ?]j ? Sandy Creek, one fifteen month old merino ' ewe lamb gave a fleece weighing J 711 bs. At the last Mol?ng Show, she secured second prize. The valuable animal is a pet, whioh Mr. Towngend's children drive in a go-cart . for amusement, Qam;boola Wool.- — In another , «olumn, the Hon. t\$Jago Smith gives a few inter esting particulars concerning the . wool clip from a small flock of his sheep shorn at Gam boola this week. Mr. Smith assures us that in the event: of any reader doubting the accuracy of the particulars given, be is at perfect liberty toT inspect. the station books referring to the matter. Humiliation andPrayer.— Attention is V directed to the fact that Mr. Colonial Secre l| tary Brunker, with the advice of Hia Excel lency the Governor, has ordered Sunday next (October 23). .to be observed aB . a day of. humiliation and prayer for rain. It is under* stood that the -' royal command' iu this connection will be duly ohaerved in all the Molong churches. In order to he in touch with the movement. His Eminence Cardinal Moran has issued to his clergy the following special circular 1. The prayer Ad petendam pluviam is to be added in Holy Mass - on all days permitted by the rubrics till the 31st inst. inclusive. 2. The faith ful will be exhorted to offerapecial prayers t at their private devotions on Sunday, the ?3rd inBt., to obtain from God the blessing of .- a , sufficient rainfall for the country's wants. 3. On the said Sunday, the 23rd inst., -after each public mass, three Our i fathers with the litany of the Blessed Yirgio sh^ll be recited for the same pious purpose. ' Splendid Barlet. -—Farmers are invited to oall at.the Express Office and inspect a sample of English barley. It was. grown by Mr. E. Allen, of Gregra, and conclusively illustrates the value of wide Beed sowing. One stool, grown from one grain, includes 278 seed stalks ; and another carries 158 ears, all of which average over 100 grains. The plants are strong, well-developed, about four feet high ; and had they., not beeu re \- moved from the ground would have come tb maturity without' further rain. They make a striking object lesson for the intelligent firmer who is ope.n to learn. F«e! Fire 1 1 Fire { ! 1— It may not— in- deed, it'is not — very generally known that the theological character of St. Michael is .obscure* A similar sort of ..observation might, with much truth, be made about many other Baints ; but the circumstance is not so important in their cases. St. Micbael la chief . of the. angels and archangels, and it g is also in memory of him that many people adhere to the anoient custom of eating roast ^ foose on Michaelmas Day. It was while I'1. * making a search amongst the works of a few very old writers, for particulars about St. [:- Michael and the Goose, that we came across ^Qme valuable astrological information con 1 corning tbe probable damage by , fire which may he expeoted to occur during tbe next Vf twelve maoths. It was the fashion once to ; regard Astrology with a certain amount of ?-! contempt ; but the learned people of the Old p World are now beginning to give much heed to ita predictions. Hence, in view of the extreme probability of fires occaring- f-and especially amongst haystacks aud grain barns —we cannot too strongly impress upon our ^ farming friends tbe importance of insuring | ' their crops, stacks, barns, and buildings, §\ against tbe ravages of fire. The unusual \- beat of this period . is clearly verifying the first portions of the predictions referred to above.' Mr,. G.-E.Hookej at this oipce, will» at any time; be pleased to instruct our- read ' era in ihe correct and best ? methods' ? for; in-V auring their property. And'we advise'that ? be be called upon without delay, S- ' ? ' ' , J. G. Donaldpon, of Bank-street, Molong announces in another [portion of thispa.per that, he has now opened a splendid stock of cricketing materials, suitable for all kinds of players,, under any possible circumstances. The quality is just excellent, and the prices of such a varied nature that all pockets may be teadily suited. Indeed, it is the best Btock of crickoting accessories yet seen iu \- Molong; Mr. Donaldson's stationery and tobaoco' linea are. also well worthy of inspea ' tion. ' The Planet Yknus. — This beautiful planet, which is thirty-eight millions of miles from tbe earth, is- uow a very conspicuous object in the evening sky. Seen through a telescope, sire is like the moon when that luminary is about four days, old, Under favourable atmospheric conditions she may be seen during early afternoon with the naked eye. Yeoval Gold. —Last Friday there was a little .sensation in town on account of an. encouraging report about gold, in very pay able, quantity. Inquiry showed that Mr. Higgins, of Gooaoo, near Yeoval, had brought into town about three tons of stone, which was crushed at Mr. John Black's mill; and gave a return of 9ozs. 3dwts; of gold, Mr. Higgins has been prospecting about the viciuity for 'some eighteen months past, ' with more or lens encouraging results, and indica tions pointing to future good luok'; but so far, he has not come across a reef. Tbe atone in question was taken from .the surface on 'private property, and it is uuderstood there are hundreds of acres of similar stuff. . There ia.is.ome talk of floating ;a company to work the field ; and if only half of what is :'sa.id of it be- true, Yeoval should shortly become a very lively centre. We hear that several partita of miners have made applica tions to work on the field ; buc the lootl mining authorities have no.. information on the subject. ? Rockdale Colleqb — We would direot attention of our readers to the Gold Watch Competition advertised in our columns; The -principal of Rockdale College bas hit upon a happy;'- idea for boys aud girls. 'They now have' the chance of'winning a gold watch if they will try and work a few sums. The . older live child tho larger' and harder the sUina be must-do. We haVe copies of these turns; and they are not hard ; indeed the » Reiv. G; T.Foiacutt B. A:, has taken the last \juuior paperon arithmetic of- the University 6f Sydney; and has so graded it that any boy or gh I may win the watch. We think such ?reward as offered to boys and giils will make them study tbeir 'arithmetic, and 'so will be..a ?great benefit to them even if they do not, win one of the prize watches. Rookdale College is one of our well known' educatioual institutions of Sydney, and we are sure that 9P^j?--ya aent tbere will bo thoroughly well taught under competent, masters.* ~ Social at Cudal.— Ar.rangetnents are being made with a view to holding a select social at Cudal, on Prince of Wales' Birth day, in aid of the R.O. Churob Fund. To .this «nd a strong committee has been formed, amongst whom are to be found— Messrs. L. Carman, T. O'Neil, H. Home, M. Ryan, W. Lannan, J. Kearney, juni, J. Seal, M. jK Digman, H. Carman, Jas. Ryan, G. Healey, C. Carman, J. Lannan, John Ryan, D. O'Neili W. Fracklington, B. McGuinness, D. McGuinoess ; Misses Healey, Carman* Miskell, Hagerty, Ryan, Lydster; and Mes darnes. McGuinness. Siuckey, Minslow, E. Taylor, Dignam, H. Carman, E. Carman^ jSorne, Seal, Lannan, O'lSTeil, Newton, W,. GreeD, W. Frecklin^too, W. Lydnter, Kear ney (2). . With such an excellent company of workers, the (Iuccpss of the social 'should be a foregone conclusion. Hard Lines — A case which presents very considerable hardship, aud apparent :in justice,- was disclosed in . the Police Courtk / last Tuesday. A witness named Mary Ann Constable had been brought from Ryde| to. give evidence in an alleged horse-stealing case. The distance is some 229 miles, and .Mrs. Constable bad to pay her own expenses,. At the end of tbe case she very naturally asked for theBe ; but was informed that . tbe Court had no power to' grant expenses in such a matter. A witness named Drew, who dame from Wellington, made a similar ap plication, and was met with a like refusal. Now, these people are called away from their homes and ordinary occupation#, at th^ in stigation of the police (in one instanco) .and, in .the interest of the country generally, .for1 the purpose of assisting the police in uphold ing -the law for the benefit of the country ; -arid jit certainly seems only' reasonable that the country should' defray the cost sustained by them, That the, re is no provision for such payment is a matter for regret, of course ; and doubtless . the kind-hearted sergeant would like to be able to defray Mrs, Con stable's; railway fare; but as things are ha. hath no power in that, diwotippx 1 Auction Sale. -—Mr. F. S. Murray, looal Land Agent, conducted a land sale at the Molong office, on 12th inst., when the fol lowing transaction waB ' recorded Portion 275, pariah Boree Nyrang, county. Ashburn haw, 23 acres 3 roods 20 perchea:; upset price £1 10s ; sold at £2 per acre to Mary MoMuhon.' 1 Melbourne Races.— It is announced by | the Railway Commissioners that holiday ex jp cursion tickets will be issued from all | stations to Melbourne from 24th October, | available for rieiturn for three months by | ' rcail trains. .- | Lands Om&E.-r-At; the local Lands I Office, on Thursday, ..20th Oct., Mr. F. S. Murray transacted the fqilowiug business Edwin Johnson, c p. 140 seres, , parish ? Buckinbah ; 'and, Edwin Johnson, c.l. 420 acres, parish Buckinbah. Yullundry Church. — The net proceeds of tbe church . festival at Yuliundry on the 5th inst were £22 7s 8d. We , have to thank. Alfred Wiskens, of the f Warirtlda' Watchman,' for ' wbiekin' out (without acknowledgement) our par about Syd. .Smith's imported cattle, and the sug gestion that the Iqte Minister for Agricul ture should start a circus. It was very mean of him, however,' to knock ' Bobs Creasey'a' ! name out of the paragraph, and substitute I the words ' a fe w colonial' bucking mules. | Mr. Creasey ia a white man from tep to | bottom j which is more than can be said of | some journalists. By- the way j is it possible | that when Alfred was ' dishing' the par, he | thought hb ought to be in the circus ? If he !( were not a ' buckiug mule' when so en | gaged, he will probably buck 'when he reads I this. ' Let us bray.' . ... I That Piano. — That a piano, was '...badly j wauted at the School of Arts waB made very \ manifest during the arrangements for a recent, first class, tea tight. Several ladies in in the supper- room, were busy arranging the teibles, when pnother struck up nqrae piano music in the great hall. ' Oh !' exclaimed one of the supper-rooHrparty, . ' listen to the new piano; is it not lpvely — what a mag nificent tone.' Tjieu another, speaking to a fiiend well., versed in musical affairs,'..-'- Oh ! Mis. ? ? ? you play something upon the new piano, do 1' and the. lady ..referred to, with a Hierry twinkle iu her eye, -left the supper room, ostensibly with a. v(^w, tO;. oomplyiug ,j with.,, tbe. request.-' But, as jhedidnoV return^; ' Bed the musio ..did not... change, oneof the/, other clever ladies went to see the ] why. ;and wherefore. Then she found ; that the flayer. was using the same 'old piano ; the new grand being securely, loeked up., to keep it from ' thumpers.' Stock Passing — Mr. Dover, the local ranger reports as follows ; — On October 3, 149 cows from' Terra Bella to-Swansfield, J. A. Stevensen, owner; James Dennis in charge. 70-store bullocks; 'from : Bootney to Toogong; W. 0. Bowman ; owner, D. L. Dalziel in charge. October 12, 188 store bullocks, from Dubbo to Orange ; Andrew Kerr, owner ; J. A. Flanagan, in charge] Shearers' Strike.- Early in last week it whs intimated that there was likely to be'trouble amongst the shearers at Mrs. -McNevin'a, Gar dingtou Station. Consequently, Sergeaut Fagau and Constable Rose, of Molongj and. Constable Lord, of Cumnock, rode over - to .the station. Subsequently, the Sergeant . returned to Molong, leaving Iub companions in peaoe iu charge. It seems that the manager of Carding tonftad determined the price this season should be 17a 6d per hundred, which is that given at a oouple of other stations out that way. When the roll was. called, however, the regular, Btation hands declined to go to ahear at under a.pound; and after some delay Mr. Keay ordered them all off the atation. Meantime, Beveral other shearers had arrived from statiuus whioh had cut out ; and they were set to work at the usual rate — £1 per huadred. This terminated the strike, and the guardians of the peace returned to their respective stations, without having any trouble with anyone; or the opportunity to dis tinguish themselves. Munioipal Election.— Those readers who . take an interest iu municipal affairs will recol lect that a' few 'Weeka ago a vaoanoy occurred, in the Council, owing to the late Mayor, H. S. M. Betts, Esq., resigning his seat. Arrangements were at once made for the election of that gen tleman's successor; and during this Week Mayor Geo. Packham (who had been . elected in . the interim) received a nomination for -the vacant chair, wherein Andrew Parker, saddler, of Gidley-Btreet, Molong, was nominated by 'Frederick M. Herabrough ahd William James Harding.- Nomination day is -next Tuesday, when, at noon, Mayor Packham will iqeet ' the ratepayers at the Town Hall, and declare Mr. Andrew Parker duly eleoted without opposition. Illness.— Her numerous'- friends and ' ao ?quaintances«will regret to hear that Mrs. 0. T. Towneend, of Sandy Greek, near Mologg, has, for some time past, been in a decidedly danger ous condition . of health. The gdqd lady was removed to Molong Hospital during the week, and on Friday, we were glad to . heart bad slightly improved in health. V A New Bakery.— The 'Oil of Grain' is the peculiar title - under which Mr. H Ke'ily announces tht»t he has commenced business in Molong, as a baker and confectioner. Mr. Kelly's advertisement appears in auother part of the paper, from which it may be seen that he proposes to go ahead upon ? thoroughly upto date lines. In addition to the ordinary 'Staff of Life,' Mr. Kelly is prepared to furnish his customers with all the latest varieties of bread whioh are known to the baking trade; also wedding cakes and every description of pastry and confeotionery. Pionio. parties, prouioters-of socials and those quaint arrangements called ' surprises,' will find their requireme.its readily and efficiently attended to, upon communication with Mr. Harry Kelly, the ' Oil of Grain' baker. Mounted Rules.— The first parade of the local Half-company for the ourrent quarter t.ill be held on Saturday, 29th iust., at 3 p.m. Dress : Drill order, -mounted. The September quarter's pay will be disbursed immediately after parade. The prizes aud trophies won at the recen Tournament will be. handed ovtr to the respective winners at a smoke concert to be held at the orderly room ou the night of the parade, at which a full attendance of members is requested. . Two Horse Accidents. — Mr. R. Starr struck a streak of bad luck last week. It seems that one of his horses Btrayed upon the railway line over West End way, aud being run across by a train, very naturally enough, yielded up the aqriine ghost. As the railway people do uot tolerate defunct horse fleBh upon their lines, Mr. Starr had to remove the animal for burial purposes. He had not long completed this solemn and painful task, whon another of his horses ( a fine one for which he had paid £20) contracted a severe attack of gripes, or some such internal complaint, and also departed from this sphere of physical labour. Mr. Starr was moBt attentive to his valuable ' man's noblest, animal friend,' and applied all the most reliable remedies, but without avail. Much sympath is expressed for Mr. Starr over his unfortuuate experience. Sunday School Picnics.— Wednesday last;? two Sunday School Picnics were held ; and, we are informed, passed off most pleasantly, notwithstanding the summer heat of the day was somewhat against out of door pastimes. The children of St. John's Churoh, accompanied by some of their relations and friends, with banners fly in#, marched from the vicarage, to a I shaded paddock some little distance beyond the Show ground. The Wesleyan party had chosen a oonvenient spot in the vicinity of the Rifle Butts, whither they repaired, similarly bedecked and attended. . All the races, games, aud other deversions peculiar to suoh occasions were freely indulged in ; and the little ones wqre treated to their heart's content, with a bountiful supply* of excellent picnic fare. In consequence of a cool r breeze springing iip during the afternooftj the ^merry-iuaking . was prolonged until towards evening,} when the little ones, full of happiness aud cakes, and tollies, etc., returned to their homes, well pleased with their day's amuse ment; and it is gratifying to be able to. record that not au accident, nor other unpleasant incident, occurred to interfere with the day's I pleasure. 