LITTLE GENERAL REVEREND gentleman on the j epree ! " he an-: nounced ; and presently in cuaie Father Munro. Hie ahovel hat ww crushed down ot'er hiB •yet, Mb COHt-COllur WM turned upto meet it, hi* face -m much of it as could be seen when he came in —chalky-white, and the face of Young Tiro, ou whose arm be leaned heavliy, was not much better. I stepped forward atcnoe, Apenktng to bim by imiue, as I did so, and " Tbe Little Gen«rnl11 greeted me with a mazed tmile. " Old bones, Mr. Tregenna, and old eyes f I've had a tumble at last, you set, and Tim McCarthy insisted on bringing tne here." " Quite right, sir," I said. " Here's the doctor ready for you/1 and 1 introduced Macintosh, bemg very carefnl to let that gentleman know the sort of fa man he had for a patient. 1 might have spared Eqysetf the trouble. Father Muoroewas bis own reoommenda* tioo, and in twc minutes wa» sitting bolt upright-he refused to lie oat the table having two very ugly head wounds cx» •mined, and being treated v/itb aa much respect as any pope could deoire. There were two straight clean cuts,, side by side, across tbe top of the head, and on one side was another and tbesresident (stood looking at them curiously before be asked any questions. " How did you say this wwdone, sir?' be asked, "I vu going up a dark " Father Monro told btm quietly, " uvd I had a 1*11." " Did your head strike against any thing r " I expect I struck it in falling," aaid Father Munro, and then a little more •lowly and distinctly " it wan aimietake Bade in the dark." I might be wrong, but it seemedHo me that he meant everyone in the pfece to bear that, and standing by the resident, I looked still more carefully at the bead. Two dean-out, parallel wound* on the top and one at the side. Where before had I seen saob " another head ? I could not remember, but stood racking my brain /With no penult. " Now then, Tttgtoat I Look alive, man !" Macintosh ranged me tram my medita tion with a nude*, and I Rave him the j help that be wanted, wondering all the; time. j *■ Ware you alone, air f' Macintosh' aaked thin white he pushed the examination further. Ue seemed ponied too. " I was going gp the «tair«loae," Father tlunro said patiently. " You mutt hare atrnok.your head twice then f " loan not remember «1L I waa rather) •tunned, I think." I " {tether 1" Mackintosh muttered whim-, eeli, and then seemed to xemember young Tim, who waa' still a^andiqe end watching' us anxiously tram the tat tend of the room, ** Wer% you there at the tin le ?" i Macintosh asked Young Tin the ques- j tion, ibut it was Father Monro who ■ answered " M "Carihj- touncfc me at the loot of the stair," Mil Yoong Titn> said nothing. 1 , Macintosh evidently th-wrfit that the< len hia patient talkea tfcjo better, and be aaked no more questions jwet Abes. We not Father Muck to bed, shaved ofl tbv thiok Er*y hair, drMMid the great ecalp wounds, and git an iai cap on the | grand old head, and far u tliite all went well. Before we had\£nutn«l t cemembered where I had eeea tther so ch wounds, but.1 held Ay pesos and wmtteA. There *u no aid* nam. bed tapir, and fa* mi pat into the ward i<«r the night. " la the mornlngi sirsaid Macintoeh,1 enrreying him in a criMeal way, with hli( tawelled o*p on om aide .alter all waa done,! " we'll get you a quietatrcrih," 1 The old nan lay wed smilod'qujetij at him. ' " I ahall do »erjr well here, doctor, thank you," j "Hope ao, rir," [Sladiurii said, and' capped aa he wiabec'l Mim good night, whiob was ospwr1 jntmd, and made even our1 n erer-to-be-^u rprised at*£ open herepesl widely for a tooond. When the morning- came it waa not thought necessary to more him after aJJ. Gcaig, the street preacher, was lying in the next bed when «ie brought Father Monro in, and knowing; him by eight, waa at first stiongly Kntajton iatio. X beard the words " pspiitt) " and " soarlet woman * muttered wrathfuUy, wfr.fila wo-were getting our charge into bed, eina we gureahint both to Cimfg and to <ti)t knight noise fecfne we left. The next morning, ho*'ever, thing* ware vary different. Crafg, *'bo wumyoaae, . beckoned me to his bell directly I went into the ward ; be held a finger to bii lips, and pgfuted that Father M unto «u doting. '• Yer boots are fair thandoK»a," he wliibj>ereri rejiroachfully. " Can't yoa eoe the man'e asleep 7" I took the rebuke calnnl;/, but ooald not resist a dig at him. " I'm glad you leave 'him quiet," I said. " t tnoaght you'd be at him if yon got a chance." ' "There's atime tor a1 things," said Craig philosophically. " I've-'kap* an etoa him, an' he'is a guid hearty though sair misled. J . W e'll Kho a bitvraclf) fctur, oaybe, and the • i dooTor tieedoa' be ikwed, I'll Keep the I TTard quiet." / I1 Twice i» day Younor Tim none tor oor { bulletin, wild-eyed and anxious, and -wico \ I aent him away comforted, Father Munro iay plMid and patient, worshipped by tbe Bunea, and raspflotod by all. for tjiree days we hoped, and tbeii a change came. He grew restless, turning from aide to aide, and mum urine t° him aelf. An I stood watching him from Craig's beside that nigh£j)e spoke aloud : " A wile and bairn," he aaid, " a wife and bairn," and was silent again. I was reading the chart that hung at bis bed-head, when tbe chief and tbe resident camo in together and looked at him, at whicli hi turned over a little, and looked up into the chiefs face with » smile, not quite "i hrigfiS as usual. " What's this yuu want, sir ?" asked tbe •bief at last. " One oi.your^utibioner* la to aee you f Asd Father Monro*# entile prow brighter. " Tut, tut !"' the cbiel went ou teitQy, " you're off duty, man I Someone eUe is eoemtr to your work." But Father Monro laid «n entreat lnj? hand upon hi® 8leevvt and, beckoning hiio to etoop, whipp^rrvl in his ear. M Can't be done," the uhicf enupped At him when he finished. "J'm responsible for you, you know." " And I for him,*' pleaded Father Munio Tbtf cbiel frowned down with '-he frown that awed so many student* before they knew him. " Man, it's fair ridieulou* !" he said ; " quite unprecedented. 1 certify that you're not tit for any duty." But Father Munro pleaded on. When he finished, Macintosh, standing with the chart in hie hand, held it out for thechiet, with a pnort of impatience (oik it, and ffCdfjfied Hrt'uy towards me. Tbfen he Uid & finger on the upward line that marked a ricinff body umj'eriilure.ftutl turned to Macintosh apnn. " Parity this notion of tua, 1 think, Mr,'' Macintosh said softly. '* He'd worrying over it tremendously, or 1 should net have roubled you. He slept very little last night, you know.1' " What on earth does he want to confers a man for ?'• nt*ked the chief impatiently ; but that was beyond Macintosh, and he shook bis head. " If things go on like this," 6aid the chief, with hit finger on the chart, " I shall operate to-morrow morning." " What do you Chink of le&tinp; him have hi* way in this t" aeked Macintosh; but the chief was quite indignant, and they went down the shadowy ward—it was | growing very late—with their heads to I gether, talking softly, while Fat her Munro , Uy and watohed, peeriog after thew all tbe ! time. What Macintosh said further, 1 do not j know, but they came back to the bed. What Father Munro raid 1 don't know either, but at la«t the chief called aic, and at ooce began to relieve his mind. " What are rou doiuK here at this time of night, Mr. Tregenna !" Taking • case, sir." " You've do right to be here, none at all There's no discipline ben. We can't have this sort of thing. Dr. Macintosh ! There, sbere" (as Macintosh tried to epenk) : " that will do 1 it must be teen to." Thoii be turned and bent over Father Munro again. " Vou'll be satisfied if you see thin man t<!-ni£ht ?' And Catlier Munro tmiled on him. " Ten minutes are all you want, and you promise to sleep after t" " 1 Hhall sleep," be promised ; and then I pot my instructions. , I was to fetch Young Tim to Father llunro'e bedtide, arid I was to leave him there ten minutes. 1 was to warn aim firat as to his behaviour, and I was to take him away when time was up. Then we all three left the ward—Macintosh to get a little sleep, for be was to some round again later, the chief to go home, and I to do my Mrrand. \' I I found Young Tfm sitting in his on* | room, at che top of a seven-storeyed house, I staring oat M ft oloudleM iky, in which j ' etui w«>e beginning to (how. His wife'j | and His oaby win sound asleep, but Tim . looked w> though be bad never known what ; eloef mean*. He heard my errand in [ silence, and is silence be -walked by me j i until—to the darkened ward, where only . hoc and there a glimmer of gas was shown, I ana where thewaiy other moving thing was i , the ghost-like abape of che night nurse— | •we stood by Father Munro- i '* Ten Rioutei, jay son," was al) that the priest said w me ; and then, drawing away to a window seat, watch in hand( I left than. Screens fenced the corner in which the bed lay, the last no that side ot tbs ward. I oould o^t see, I could net bear, what was going <m. Onoe or twice I heard a stifled sob, hushed at onoe by the voioe of the Little General. The miiutee dragged like hours. The night notse, moving like a •badow here sod there down the glimmer ing length of the place, the silent forms .dimly outlined in the nearer beds, were no company to me. Onoe I raised my watch until I could see the second hand moving, and hear the souhd. i X gave their, the ten minutes and a few seconds over. Then I went and tupped at i.be soreen. The voice bad stopped, aud when i went round at the Little General's 'word, tie lay and amiled 'peacefully at me, his hand lay apon Young Tim's head.whiie I Tim'ii face was buried in the bed-rlolhef. " Tim and I have settled our affair*," : said the Little General, " and you are a witneas to it, mjr (on, if ever witness is needed." " Tell him, father !" Tim beeped " Would ye doubt my authorii v. Tim McCarthy 7 I've confessed you, and .<b solved you, with a penance and a promise, fare ye well I" The thin finite™ were extendei in bene diction, and then Tim, the tears ntraaiuinif down his face, crept away into the dark nesa, and I knelt in his place. " Can I do anything for you. sir ?" His hand trembled in the air once more, whether for mo or for the vanished man I do not know. I " An innocenf wile and * bairn," mid Father Monro, " Nunc dimittii," and tam ing hit laoe to the wall (lowly slipped into 1 dreamt from which he oersr rallied. . The Little General was oarried to hie { grave with more pomp Chan ever he had enoouraged while alive ; and many manses were eaid for hie soul before I met' Ysunir Tim again. " Though the use of mautu to a holy saint ii> paradise," aa Bridget M'Cioaky said to me. " is unbeknown." 1 bad thought of Young Tim often, hav ing an uneasy doubt oooceraiop him, and passing n|» the Graaemarketone night, bad him in mv mind again^vrhen he stood before me. " Think of #he devil !" 1 misquoted, itid then ft topped, lor there «u light •Dough to seen the words didn't apply. It was a Saturday tight, but Youug Tim was sober though, excited, and when be asked oe for a moment's chat, I invited hinyto my room. We passed up in silence, I wondering a great deal, but determined to ask no question* I pointed to a chair, and looked dubiously at my shelves. Hos pital Jty suggested an offer of whisky and a fill of 'baccy, but X restrained my in* etincts and faced him in silence. " I was tbinkin' docthor," he said at last, " that as yon were friends with the holy father—" and be stopped again. . " WbatJioly father ?" lacked* '* I know none." " There's but wan for mo/'slid Tim, and tUoo stopped again. 44 If yoo ne&n; poor Father Munro," I \ inflwered, u what of him !M ** He laid a penance on me," Young Tim said boftly, " aa' I'm doin' it, an' will till I die. He gir' me absolution, too, an* I tfi? hiim a promise.'' '* Keep u then I" 1 Raid t*our!y, but Tim went on " There'* no justice in it. The holy father wan alwav* " Shame," 1 paid. " Would you bresk your promise to a dead man V ** Sure an* I will if need be," paid Tim feivently. " You were there an* what I must know, had he hi* rineea V "An much as you or I," 1 Mid angrily, ** if not more. You can't (jet out of it that WttV-" Tim rose from his chair aod faced me frowning. " Ye don't know," he cried; "I've all to lose if I break me promise. But if I made it to « tinseleas naiftt who couldn't judge me or me sin, I'll break toe promise Ki«j be judged by a harder man." 1 nat and puzzled it out, while the voices of the children came up from the reeking court, and Tim leaned apainpt the mantel' piece, breathing hard, but watching me steadily. 41 lie wac a better and wiaer man than either of us," I said at last. " The secret lies between you and him, and you must keep itand Tim, sober and bard- work ing, hold* to hie promise still. As tor me 1 remember that the only time I I saw such wounie as Father Munro had M'u« when, io an election riot, a constable felled a rioter who afterwards came under my handn. Hi* ttafl made two parallel wounoe like knife cute, and the other i woimd was caused by Ihe fall. It was night, and the stair a dark one, where the Little General came by hia death blow. If Young Tim, who had often threatened, was waiting there for Ould Tim when Father Munru toiled up, the rest ie eaeily understood. But 1 have askod no ques tion*, and do uot intend to. If Young ; Tim hue ever to give an account of that night'* doinga. I fancy somehow that the Little General will be there to plead for him. 