Circuit News. Penrith - Rev. E. King. The Quarterly Meeting was held on Monday, 17th inst., and was well attended/ The' mem- bers roll carefully revised in Leaders' Meetings shows a membership of 145, with 4 on trial, after the striking off of 19 on account of removals and other causes. The income from all sources was ;67S 3s 6d ; expenditure, £70 Is 5d. It was found that apart from special efforts the income was an improvement on that ?of the previous quarter. The Sabbath School statistical returns were presented and con sidered satisfactory. Messrs. Bissland and H. Parker were elected substitute stewards for the ,Synod: if required. It was unanimously resolved to invite the Synod of 1899 to hold its session's in Penrith. It was. reported to the meeting that an active and vigorous effort to liquidate, the old circuit debt of £135 was being made by the : ladies and laymen. The question of loans (i and their repayment was carefully looked into, and with one exception it was found the ^obligations were either wholly .or, in| part being fulfilled. A cordial ^invitation' . to the iSuperi n tendent to continue in the circuit was given and accepted. ? '? : , ' . ' Cowra.— Eev. W. J. Walker. The Circuit Quarterly Meeting was held at the parsonage on the 12th inst.J' The 'balance sheet showed —income (including:grarit of £5), £54 9s ; expenditure,; £71 7s 4a, '-'leaving a deficit of. £16' 18s' 4d. ? , The roll-book showed a membership of 52. Theureport of the Sunday . Schools was'of a fatisfactory character. Deep regret was expressed on account of the removal . ' of Mr. S. Bembrick and family from Cowra. Mr. Bembrick was an active worker in Church and Mi ml ay School, and during the current year has .been one of our circuit stewards. A resolution appreciative of Mr. ' Bembrick's \- character and work was unanimously carried. . and Mr. H. M. Taylor was elected to succeed him as circuit steward. ' Armidale.— Revs. J. Q.; Mv Taylor and A. S. 1-lAKDlNG. ' ; ?- Uralla was favoured on Wednesday last with a visit from , the .General Secretary of the Sus tentation and Home Mission Fund. By , the aid of a lantern and a new gas— 'Acetylene '—he gave us an excellent verbal description of New South Wales as it was and as it is.. Jt might be called a series of contrasts— Sydney Cove, a pretty little bay with one vessel swinging to ? her/anchor, and the creek running into it ; and the Sydney^ Cove of to-day, with its wharves \- and ocean .steamers; Circular Quays and the ferry boats. The land opposite the Town Hall, at the beginning of the century a bush scene; ''With: a slab and bark humpy, arid now Horderri's large store. iMany of the, principal buildings, in Sydney were, shown, also a lock and some weirs ,on the Darling. Not only, was the lecture niost .'. instructive, conveying information both by ear - aiid eye, but it was also enlivened by racy anecdote or description, which were all the more impressive by the humor which in pleasant ripples conveyed it to the ear. Evidently Mr. Wooln ugh has no sympathy with the pessimist who would try to persuade you that the country was 'played out.' Mr. Woolnough believes in Australia, and especially in the rich heritage we have in New South Wales. We hope he may be spared to see the results he anticipates in their fulness, and that with the material progress of our fair land there may also be that righteousness which exalteth a nation. \lbury. — Rev. M. Maddern. . i We have been favoured with a visit from Llev. W. E. and Mrs. Bromilow, and Laban and Henry, the two New. Guinea students who ai;e i with them on tour.' As they 'were passing through Albury on the way to Sydney, ar rangements were made for holding a missionary meeting on Wednesday, 19th inst. There was a capital audience. It was a i arc inspiration to listen to the tale of the missionaries and the students, and the effect of it will not soon be forgotten. We were all thrilled with the story and the power of Christ's cross in New G uinca,. The students spoke with wonderful fluency in their own tongue. Their, singing charged every one. A ladies meeting was held the following afternoon. The circuit minister and Mr. and Mrs. Bromilow spoke, and the students sang. A ladies auxiliary was formed. The following officers were appointed : president, Mrs. Maddern : secretary , Miss Moffitt; corr responding secretary, Miss Florrie Brown ; Treasurer, Miss Bath, Mrs. .Bath, wife ot Rev. M. Bath, spoke on the workings and use fulness of the auxiliary. , Brushgrove -and Ulmarra.— Rev. W. H; Howard. . , We have recently been favoured with, a vi.«it from the Rev E. J. Rodd, President of the Conference, who preached at Ulmarra on the afternoon of Sept. 25th. and was well received. It was intended to welcome him. at .a Welcome Festival and public meeting on the following Monday, but it rained so continuously that the former was abandoned. The President de livered his lecture to a small but appreciative audience. The visit of the President /has been a pleasure and an inspiration to us. On Tuesday, the 11th inst., the Quarterly Meeting was held' at Bushgrove. The attendance of officers Was small, ;but the reports were very cheering. A substantial increase of members was. reported from Brushgrove. The balance sheet showed a deficiency on t he quarter, but the income was the best for years. We are still unable to do without a Conference grant, but our minister, who . does not' spare himself! is laudably ambitious of lifting the circuit into a state of independence. . The spiritual state of the circuit is on the up-grade',- and we hope better times are in store for us. The minister (Rev. ,W. H; Howard) was, on the. nomination ' of the Circuit Stewards, cordially invited to the circuit for another year, and the invitation was icuepiuu. Sydney (U. M. F. Church).— Rev. E. W. Briscojxbe. ? .' ? ? The (annual) Quarterly Meeting of the Sydney circuit was held in the ' Centennial' Church, Wyridharii-street. Alexandria, on Wednesday. -There - was a full attendance of officials and representatives, the Rev. E. W. Briscombe presided. ; The spirit of themeeting was most harmonious and hopeful. The numerical and financial returns were satis factory: Unanimous resolutions from each church were received ' recommending the invitation to the present; minister ', for: another/ year. The meeting .by a; very \ heartland,': unanimous vote decided to invite the Rev/E,; W. Briscombe to remain in the 'pastouijjl of :the circuit for a fifth year. The cirf 'r steward, Mr. Wm. Bartlett, in a few - l»i un- graceful, and appreciative remarks, extended the' invitation to Mr. : Briscombe, who in accepting the same,- urged each member to make the coming year, one of the Holy Ghost power by personal consecration and persevering activity, and asked for a continuation of the sympathy and brotherly help and consideration which had characterized previous years.' Spring Hill.— Rev. F. C. Boyer. The last . Quarterly Meeting: showed the circuit to be in a good position financially; and spiritually. ' The Rev.' F. C., -Boyer, received a hearty invitation to remain a third year in the circuit: A correspondent writes Our mem bership shows ,a net increase of 7 on the year. Financial ly, too, .we have very much encourage ment Not only have we paid our way, but we have been enabled to effect such advance that although we have now for well-nigh twelve months added to. our/expenditure the.support of a Circuit Evangelist, we have within £4 paid our way on that enlarged scale of expenditure, and that small balance will (D,v.) be cleared off during the next fortnight. c ? Mt. Lachlan. — Rev. W. H. Wilmams. The Sunday-school anniversary was cele brated last month. The services- were con ducted, by the Revs. \V. F. Oakes, J. A. Waddell, and W. H. Williams. The arrangement of the scholars and teachers,, which is so marked a feature in this church, presented a grand sight, and the church was packed- to its utmost capacity. On the Monday evening the annual entertainment was held, presided over by Mr. J. N. Taylor, and was the most- successful in every sense that has been: held for some years. A very special feature was the singing of ; Masters Lee, and the action song of 12 girls. ;The financial proceeds of the services and the entertainment were nearly £1S. ' The Quarterly Meeting was held at the rcsidence of Mr. J.^ Medcalf. J.P., senior circuit steward. There was a good attendance. ? ? The minister reported 7(5 members, and one on trial, also 20 catechu mens. This, after making up for several losses by removals, etc., leaves a net gain of five members on the 'year.- The : income for the quarter was some pounds ' in - advance. The Sunday-schools reported .an -. increase of 34 scholars, the total for the circuit being 505 scholars. Mr. A. Nash, of Alexandria was unanimously received -as a fully accredited local preacher. Mr. J. Gv Griffiths;. was elected as a substitute steward to attend the Synod, and it was also decided to leave appointment of the chairman's successor next year to the discretion of the Conference. A very hearty rote of thanks was given to Mr. and J Irs. Medcalf for their generous hospitality. □rafton.— Rhv. W. H. George. We had a good Quarterly Meeting. There was a large attendance and encouraging reports were submitted. The income was £0 in excess of the expenditure. The ministerial appoint ment for next year was left with the Stationing Committee and Conference. The application of Mr. J. E. Francis for employment as a Home Missionary received hearty endorsement, lie viewing the quarter, which called forth thanks giving, the meeting pledged itself to fuller service, and spent the closing half-hour in united prayer. In the spirit of hopefulness, we look up. Kempsey. — Rev. F. J. Curwood. The third annual Flower Show has passed off very successfully. Mr. A. E. Watson, secretary, was the soul of the movement, and he was ably assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Lane of Eureka, Mr. and Miss Lane of Greenhill, Mr. Buddie, Miss Everton, Mrs. Haggard, anil others. The hall was' crowded the first night and well tilled the second. Mrs. Savage had charge of the enter tainment, and under her tuition the children charmed the. audience with the Japanese Fan Song. Mesdames Henessy and Ward, and the Misses Savage, Dangar and Pugh had charge of the Refreshment Stall and did a good business. Randwick. — Rev. R. East. . Since September lltli the Rev. 'Richard. East has treated the congregations of this Church with a very thoughtful arid highly spiritual series of discourses on Sunday mornings upon the 'Prophet Elijah.' The description of the Prophet on tlie mount hearing the still small voice, and lastly Elijah's wonderful transit to the better land, were delivered with our pastor's usual deliberate, and also pathetic utterance. We, require more of -this- kind of Old .Testament history brought before us in the above descriptive manner. . * Sackville. — Rev. J. Tarn. The Quarterly Meeting, was held at St. Albans on the 3rd instant. Both the spiritual and financial state of the circiut were such as should give encouragement to both pastor and fellow-workers. The congregations during the quarter have been satisfactory, and the work in general has prospered in a way which speaks in the highest terms of appreciation of our newly appointed and highly-esteemed pastor, the Rev. J; Tarn. The financial position of the circuit especially called forth expressions of thankful ness to God. Notwithstanding some of the accounts were not to hand, still the income received considerably exceeded the expenditure, leaving a credit balance on hand for the quarter. The meeting .was unanimous in accepting a young brother as a fully accredited local preacher, making a staff of 14 ; (fourteen); fully accredited preachers and' 3 (three) on trial. The- meeting unanimously-invited Rev. J. Tarn to remain another year. , '. ^ i .'. ? 