Diime Diirdm's Post Office. Everyone under 18 is invited to write letters here.' The best will be published, and, perhaps, win a prize,' atul even the woivt will be reiul with Interest. Writers ? univ choose any member of the Court they please to write to, but must always address their letters, as of old. to Danie Durden. For Instance, the boy -who knows a good story about animals, or has anything to tell about his pets, will write to Prince Hal; the g'rl who makes the nicest toffee in the world will send the. recipe to Mistress Homely. Princess Spinaway will eu-' ' joy getting Btorles. the Court Jester will .lump al uv good joke, and Captain Cook will always be Riad to : hear of new discoveries of any kind. You may make a. special favorite among the Court-Queen Youngheart, for example. Ttl that case, you cnn always write to lier, but do not forget that every communication concern- : lng this page must bc addressed to "Dame Durden. 'Town and Country Journal,* Market-street, Sydney," and whatever you send, write only on one side ot the paper, and put your name, age, and address clearly. If yi>u prefer to huve only initials or pen-name printed, fay so In your note, direfully rend the rules. Mt. (Anderson, Toodyay, West Australia. Dear Dame Durden,-I had not intended to write again this month, hut, as I have nothing particular to do to-night, and feel in a writing mood, I will change my mind. I am sending a pair of bootees for MistretSis Horaely's Competition. I was never ?much good at making them, but I daresay the ba bies won't mind, as they are warm. The Newcas tle-football team went to play the Yorlcites aome time ago, and & great many people went from here. They were badly beaten, but we did not mind that, as we had a splendid day out. I stayed a. week, and took my bicycle with une, and a.» the roads are very good up there, I had some fun. One night I 'went to a play, given toy Miss Jobson'tî ?schoolgirls, called "Golden Hair and the Three Bears." It was just splendid. The bears were thc best part-at least, I thought so. Old Bruin, Mam my Muff, arid Tiny Cub were their names, and they all. wore 'possum ßkins and bears* 'masks. One . little boy sitting just behind me was dreadfully frightened when they came on to the stage, and cried to go home; and they really did look very alarming. In each scene the children sat at tho very edge of the stagehand as the curtain fell a tew inches further In, there was a general duck ing of heads, and a scramble, when the bell rang, to get back behind the scenes. On the following Friday Miss Jobson gave a dance for the break ing up of the midwinter holidays; and all that day it rained without ceasing, so frizzy fringes and hair were out of fashion, as you »may suppose. Wa had 'forgotten to tell the 'bus to call for me, BO I had to walk a mlle, in pouring rain, and the mads all under water; but I rather enjoyed it. Vou .would have laughed to see me plodding along with my brother's overcoat on, a felt hat with the brim turned down, and coming home it was bright moonlight, so they showed to advantage. After dancing until half-past 12, I walked home aga'n, and finished my packing, and then went to bed, as tired as I could possibly be. The old gardener had ipromlsed to call me at five, as the train_left at twenty minutes past seven; but of course he forgot, and when I awoke it was half-past six. I had never dressed so quickly before in my life just scrambled my clothes on, corded my trunk, and, without waiting for any breakfast, rushed off on my bike. I felt inclined to say something naughty when I found I had twenty minutes or eo to spare. But I expect you are tirel ol reading this, dear Dame, so, though I never get tired of writing to the Corner, I will bid you all gool-bye. -With love from your loving friend, M. I. C. (aged 15). .(The Old Sailor says your indifference to the de feat of your own side at the football match is like that of an Ameritan woman he knew, who loll him that the best fight she ever saw .was between her husband and a bear. "Fust Hiram was on top and then the b'or. Then the b'ar and then Hiram, and it was the fust fight I was ever at that I > didn't care which won.") .Nundle, via Tamworth. Dear Dame Durden,-This is any third letter to you, and I think I was lucky in getting my other two into print from amongst so many writer«. I am going to try for your prize this time. I have lots of things to write about, but I must confine myself to the rules. We haye not any more pets since I wrote last. Our magpie took his leave. and our pet sheep had a lamb-it died from thc ;? cold and rain. There was a large fuñera1. Four i of us attended. My brother Archie tolled the horse-bell. The coffin was an old bag. My little brothers are afraid of the lamb's ghost appearing to them at night. In April last we all went to Tamworth Show. I enjoyed myself well. I onet lots of my old friends, and I went riding on the .merry-go-round, and saw the horses jumping, and also I went In the pavilion to see the flowers, fruit, and other things. I also went to the circus. Thu weather was hot and dusty. We stayed in Tam worth a week, and I must say that week was very short. We each had our allowance of pocket money, but that went faster than the week did, and dad said our name was not good for an over , draft. So, with love to all the Court-I remain, your little friend, 'Catherine M. Davies (aged 9 years). P.S.-Would you like a description of Nundle in my next letter? (Dame Durden: Yes, if you can make it bright arid interesting, and not tell me, "Nundle is a town situated on a plain, with a ¡population of 25. There are 4 bakers, 5 hotels, 6 butchers," and so on.) Coronga Downs Station, via Cobar. Dear. Queen Youngheart,-There is not much mews this time, but I will tell you what little there is. I wa9 very pleased to see my last letter in print, and hope to seo this oné printed also. My galah was very ill for five days, but Mrs. Adams (the housemaid) nursed him so well that he got better. She was so very fond of him that I gave him to her. I am trying for Mistress Homely's prize for the baby's bootees; I am knitting a pair. Mother taught mle to knit; but I suppose there will be better pairs of bootees than mine. I am also sending a doll's crotchet petticoat and a silk bon net. I did not make them myself, hut I hope they will please some of the little babies. There was a little bird with cotton twisted round its legs hung up in a tree and before we could get it down the cot ton had cut off one of its toes. It Is very tame, and feeds but of our hands.. It goes to the cook every day for a! drink. It is one of a number of birds that go about in twelves, and are called the twelve apostles. They are very tame in, times of drought. There is nothing more to tell you, so I will now conclude with love to all the court, espe cially yourself.-I remain your affectionate, contri butor, Marjorie Grace Little. Campbell-street, Young. ; Dear Dame Durden,-As this is the first, time I have written to you, I will give you a short de scription of Young. Young is.built om an old gold field, which was known as Lambing Flat, on the Burrangong Creek, and is about 246 m Hera from Sydney, by rail. Young la also a muicipality, and I's very prettily laid but. The town ls lit by the electric light. There are two newspapers printed here, but they do riot contain much news. The ? populatloni of the town is about 3O0O; but when the gold rush was om there were 30,000. I am enclos ing the. word competition on the word historical. As we take the "Town and Country Journal" every week I will be on the look-out for my letter In print. My mother "¿ked the story "Roley's Letter" much, and was very interested in it, as she knowa tho authoress, Miss Amy Hogue, very well, I wish my Initials only to appear In priait IE the letter ls thought goori enough. Hoping my letter ls not too long,-With love to all the court I remain, your new friend. J. D. (aged 14 years), Young Police Station. ' Hillgrove. Dear Dame Durden,-I now take the pleasure of writing-to you again, hoping to find you and all the court quite well, as lt leaves me at present. I wrote you several letters six or eight months ago, but it appears ithat I broke the rules. I hope I am right this time. I have several pets at home, namely, canaries, doves, and a monkey. We call her Jinny. I am still going to the Public School. I am in upper ¿hird class. It is very cold here; at presenlt it is snowing. The Salvation Army band was here laat week, and I went to lt the last night, and I liked the music very much. Dear Dame, this is only a short letter .this time. I was 9 years old the 10th of March last. Dear Dame, what do you think of my writing? May I write again? I must mow conclude, with fond love to all the court.-I remain, yours truly, Florrie Morris, aged 9. (Dame Durden: Writing so good that I think I must be mistaken In your age. But pray don't send thrills of horror through me by being "quite well, as lt leaves me at present." I thought that phrase was kept only for funny people In novels new.) Bowen Hills. Brisbane. My Dear Dame Durden,-I hope you are well. I have not written to you for a long time. I must tell you about our pets. I have a little .chicken, blind in one eye. Philomena says lt will never grow any bigger, but I give it plenty of food, to make it grow. Our pussy has four kittens-two of them are .black, with -white paws and noses, and blue eyes. They climb a little mango' tree, and they 'pull each other down again .by their tails. They run about and scamper on the floor all day. We are sending yoai a piece of poetry about our little baby brother, John .Edward. Father made it up, and we thought you might like lt for the other children. Everything baby can do is in it. We will send you his photo, fby-and-bye. He te a dear little fellow, but is full of mischief. Good-bye now, dear Dame Durden; with love to all the .Court.-I remain, your loving Monica Banswlde MacDonnell (aged 5% years). (Dame Durden: Well done, Monica. But when did you learn to write? Has John Edward started yet?) 