Mr C. H. Nicolson, the popular Metropolitan Police Magistrate, whose death took place on Saturday, was one of those Gold Commissioners who, during the early days of the Ballarat diggings, made themselves famous. He wag one of the few who kept his reputation free from blemish to the close. Asa police officer he was a rigorous disciplinarian; singularly dar ing, as shown by his encounters with bushrangers, and yet privately one of the most amiable and unobstrusive indi viduals. Indeed, anyone conversing with him and listening to his quiet unpretentious, hesitancy of speech would never suppose him capable of the pluck he manifested in dealing with desperate characters. One instance will suffice. Two es caped Vandemonians arrived in Vic toria, and committed several murders and other outrages. They were'pur -sued into the bußh by Mr Nicolson and some troopers, and after four days were overtaken and found camped in a well-protected position in the depths of a forest. Mr Nicolson gave his orders to his men to surround the ■camp while he advanced to tackle the bushrangers single-handed with a sub officer to follow and assist in case of necessity. Nicolson, on horseback, armed with a double-barrelled gun, advanced and called on the bush rangers to surrender. The principal ruffian replied by mounting a horse, and dashing at the police officer, both firing as they passed each other. Turning their horses they again charged full tilt, and emptied their second barrels without result. Again they charged with their pistols, but instead of using his weapon Mr Nicolson jumped from his stirrups, and, flinging himself upon the ruffian, bore him to the ground. It was he also who really captured Power, the bushranger, and possibly had he received fair play he would have brought the Kelly gang to book without bloodshed. But thereon hangs a tale, which was thoroughly ventilated by the Police Commission. That was in 1879, when the police force of the colony was in a shocking state of demoralisation. Captain Standish was Chief Commis sioner and Mr Nicolson his next ia rank, with Mr Hark in charge of the Richmond depot. Standish was a hanger-on of the Melbourne Clnb; Hark was either related to or in timately acquainted with the principal members, and it suited the Chief Com missioner to make Hark his confidant. The consequence was that Hark and Nicolson became rivals, in the claim for ascendancy, and the en tire force was divided into oppos ing sections. Nicolson claimed as his • right priority in the pursuit of the Kelly gang, but just at the time when their capture was almost assured Hark was placed in charge of the dis trict where they were supposed to be biding. Nicolson was recalled, and then followed a series of sensational incidents, terminating in the siege of Glenrowan, the capture of Ned Kelly, who was afterwards executed, and the death of bis three associates in the house where they were be sieged. So impressed was the public mind with the shamnfnl bungling of the police anthoritie3 over the Kelly gang episode that the Govern ment was forced to. appoint a commis sion of enquiry. The political and personal influence of Hare was over whelming, and it was the desire of the than Government to hare him ap pointed Chief Commissioner. Pressure was brought to bear upon Standish, with that view, but he refused to resign, so that no other alternative was left hut to proceed with the inves tigation. Nicolson fought his own case against powerful odds, though almost worried to death, and conscious that there was little favor to be ex pected from any quarter. The Police Commission however at least the majority of the members—was resolved to do him justice in defiance of all the influences, political and press, brought to bear on the other side. It was after many and warm debates decided to recommend that both Mr Nicolson and Mr Hare should be allowed to re sign, and to receive their superannua tion allowance as though they had served their full term. Hare’s friends would not submit to this. Nicol- SON’s were willing to be subjected to even - handed justice. Thus matters stood for some time until it was found that the Commission would not be moved from its purpose. Then, in order to overcome the diffi culty it was decided by the Govern ment to transfer both officers from the police and appoint them police magis trates, each holding the same grade and receiving similar salaries. That was about 1882. Some years later Mr Hare died, after writing a book on “ The Last of the Bushrangers,” and Mr Nicolson continued until his death discharging the new duties to which he had been appointed, and which he performed to the satisfaction of the Crown and the public. In these he was careful and conscientious, per haps over cautious, but that, every thing considered, could not be re garded as a fault. His timidity of manner was at times almost painful, but knowing as everyone did that he was honorable, upright, and where duty called absolutely fearless, much could be passed over. His only fault while connected with the police force was an excessive sensitive ness and a suspicion that he was being jockeyed out of the position he was entitled to. He was incapable of jealousy or any vulgar feelings towards his fellow officers, but he was quick to resent scheming and intriguing, and lie had enough of these to contend with. The men admired him for many things, but he was too much of a martinet to be popular with them. On the other hand, Hare was an officer that the men could idolise. Not over particular as to matters of detail; blunt and brusque, but breezy and good-natured. He would chat with his men as though they were comrades. Nicolson seemed to be always on parade. They were both good men, though as dif ferent as the poles, and had their superior officer been less weak and heid the scales of justice evenly balanced between them, their valuable services would not have been lost to the country in positions for which they were much better adapted than as magistrates. Prince Bismarck, the "Iron Chancellor,” aa he has been 'armed, diad peacefully, at hiß residence at Friederiohsruhe, in the eighty, fourth year of his age. In the prima of his life the prince ires regarded ns the ablest diplomats' in Europe. It was mainly dne to his I»bors that G-rineny was united, and that the war with France, which did so much to raise the newly formed federation into a prominent place in the counsels of the nations, wore brought about. He was tho trusted adviser of Kiiaar Wilhelm I. and Friedrick 111., hat shortly »f>er tbe present Emperor ascended the throne the great Chancellor retired to hie pal ice »t Friederialis ruhe, where he has jast died. A brief outline of his career will be found in another column. To day is the anniversary of the battle of the Nile, one of the many fights in which Great Britain has proved her superiority on tho water, and by which she has won the naval eupremecy eho now so unquestionably holds. The result of that fight for the possession of Egypt thwartsd the whole of Napoleon’s plans, and compelled him to retreat from a country through whioh he had hoped to conquer India. By some misohance a truck got off the lino near the Western Railway Station on Satnrday evening, bat fortunately no damage of any moment was dntio. A distressing discovery was made in Balla rat East yesterday afternoon by some boys who wore playing in Wills str 'ot, at the promises in course of oreotinn by Messrs Nettle Bros., near Hmnffray street. While the boys were in the vicinity of the new building they heard a ohild crying and on searching discovered in an old dilapidated shed at the rear ol the premises a young woman in a most miserable condi'ion. She was very scantily clothed, and was snffering severely from weakness, hunger and oold, and with her was en infant. The boys returned home and told their parents, who immediately caused Senior Constable Mnlcahny to be in formed of the case. That officer after seeing the woman immediately sent for Sergeant Balchin and Dr Salmon. The latter attended to the poor woman, and the ambulance car was sent for, by whioh means she and hsr child were taken to the Lying-in Hospital. Enquiries elicited that tho woman was 29 years of age, and was named Mary Doughau. She had left her home, uoar Elaine, about a month ago, and had been engaged as a servant for some little time in Ballarat. A few days ago she left her employer, end after wandering about for some time found her way to the shed referred to, where she bad baon lying for tivo days and two nights in a most _comfortless condition, there being nothing in the shed hnt some old rubbish. Sue had not eaten anything tho whole time. Had she not been discovered she could uot have lived much longer. As soon aa tho pitiable discovery was made several neighbors kindly supplied'food, tea and clothing and rngs, and two ladies accompanied, her to tbe Hospital, where every care was bestowed on her and the child, with _th« result that both patients are making satisfactory progress. The services at St. Paul’s Chnrob, Ballarat East, were very woll attended yesterday, when special offertories were taken up for the payment of the parish debts. The Rev. W. F. Tucker preached in the morning, and took as his text Romans xiii,, 6—" Owe no man anything, bnt to love on'e another, for he that lovetb another hath fulfilled the law.” Mr Tnokar also preached in the afternoon, when he delivered nn interesting sermon for chil dren from IL Kings, iv. In the evening the Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Thornton) preached, and choee as his text St. Matthew xrii., s—“ While he yet spake, behold, a bright aloud overshadowed them; and behold a noiae out of the cloud, which said, This ie my beloved Son, iu whom I am well pleased; hear ye Him.” The antbema, " Oome, Holy Ghost” (Atiivood) and "Sendout Thy light”( Gounod), wore rendered in the morning and erasing respootively, and Mr J. M'Grath Bang "The perfeat life.” The offertories were very satis factory, £22 11s 6d being collected in the morning, £2 5s in the afternoon, and £l5 3s 9d in the evening, or a total of £4O Os 3d. It will bo learnt withpleasnre that the Hon. T. D. Wanliss is making steady progress towards recovery from his recent serious ill ness, and is now ont of danger. An impudent attempt to perpetrate a robbery at the Bridge street branoh of the Busy Besßoot Company was made on Satur day evening, about half past 6. It appears that a young son of Mrs Day, the lioensee of the Bridge hotel, observed a lad ooolly dstaoh a pair of boots from one of the raoka in the front, and then quickly drop them into the creek below, clear of the stream. His next move wae to make for Little Bridge street, at the rear of the estab lishment, and descend into the creek, intend ing thence to proceed along the bed of the channel and obtain bis spoil. In the mean time young Bay informed the manager of the shop of what had transpired, and the boots wore recovered just before the would-ba thief reached them, who, when he found bis designs frustrated, quickly made himself saarce. It haying been represented to the Minister of Justice that there is a suspicion that the canse of the death of a girl named Margaret M'Henry, at Creswiok, may have been das to vinlonce, Mr Cnthbert has directed Mr Johns, P.M., district coroner, to have the body of the deceased exhumed, and an examination made. The exhumation will be made to- morrow, and the post mortem examination will be performed by JJr Pinnook, ef Ballarat, and Dr Tromearne, ot Creswiok. An inquest tonohing tbs death will be oommenced at mid-day. Mr M. Stapleton, M.L.A., has been notified that, in consequence ef represantatioua made by him, Mr Stirling, Government geologist, has arranged to make a ri«it of inspection to the Fitfield goldfield, in company with lfr S. B. Hunter, assistant Government surveyor, on Wednesday next. On their way thither Messrs Stirling and Hunter will also visit the Birth day mine, at Barrings. Contrary to expectation, the football match on Saturday between the Imperial and South Ballnrat olnbs provided one of the most inte resting contests for the season, and the per formance of each team was in every way creditable. The game was fast from start to finish, and the shots for goal were remarkably nocurate, tbs two flags having to bs raised no loss than 21 times during the afternoon. The only regrettable inoident of thd'matob was the disablement of Elliott, one of the South team, who had to retire owing to his shoulder being dislooated. The match resulted in a win for the Imperial, but the honors of tho game were fairly distributed between the victors and vanquished. A report of the match appears in another column. Sinoe population has increased so muoh to the westward, Bonth of Sturt street beyond Pleasant street, residents in tbe neighborhood have at times, when necessity arose to go by an early train, found the absence of a cab very inoonvenient. Of late one of the drivers has stationed himself at the oornsr of Pleasant and Sturt streets to catch in tending passengers by the early trains, bat with what result is not known. A movement is now on foot to have a oab stand proclaimed at this spot, and, shonld the circumstances seam to warrant it, no doubt the City Couuoil will grant the request. The half-yearly meeting of the Creswiok brandl of the Amalgamated Miners’Associa tion, was held in Borley’s Dramatic Hall, Allendale, on Saturday evening; Mr A. Wallace, president, ocoupiad the chair. There was only a limited attendance. The president, in opening tho meeting, remarked that the position of the branch was a very satisfactory -one. Daring the half-year £550 had been distributed as accident pay, £290 had been paid as death levies, and about £7O had been expended in relieving distres. Surely few associations could show so good a reoord of work done. The president urged all members tn be careful to report any injuries reaeived before leaving claims, or as early as possible. Good feeling continued to exist between the miners and mineownerß. The taking up of some of the Midas claims by British capitalists would benefit the district and association. The keenest regret was felt for the decease of two members daring the year from injuriss in mines, namely, Messrs R. Kiaroa and W. G. Peart. Tbe half-yearly report with balance-sheets was adopted after several questions had been satisfactorily answered. At the beginning of the half-year the number of members was 850 working, and 50 unemployed, while the num ber at present is 1000 all employed, showing a satisfactory increase. It was decided tn cele brate the next anniversary of the branch by holding a sports gathering at Creswiok on the last Wednesday in Ootober. The arrange ments f«r the celebration were left in the h inds of the officers and stewards. The snm of £lO was voted to assist an old member in distress. One of the chief difficulties that faces every mayor is the annual ball, and the question concerning those to whom invitations shall be i-suod. In connection with tbe ball just given by tbe mayor of the City, the book con taining the names and addresses of those to whom invitations are usually given aonld not be found nntil about a day before tbe event so interesting to ladies cams off. The result was that the ratepayers’ roll had to be taken as a guide, with the result that a few at least to whom ’ invitations are usually sent were omitted from the list. There have been some heart-burnings in consequence, whioh it is hoped will be eased by this explanation. The following cases were treated at the Hospital on Saturday:—A young man named Joseph Halligau, residing in Ascot street, suffering from a sprained foot and slightly twisted ankle through running after a football; Henry Carroll, a boy aged fifteen years, of Elaine, injured shoulder, caused while running down a hill; William Thompson, of Errard street, injury to knee, sustained in falling in a gntt-r. When relinquishing offioe, it has bean cus tomary for some years for tho mayors of the City and Town to present reports to the coanoils over whioh they preside, referring to the leading events that have taken plaoe in the municipalities during the twelve months. Iu some oases this has developed into what baa been regarded as a lengthy document, whioh would, if printed in fnli, ocoupy some two or three columns of The Star. Such reports, however, are very mild compared with that issued by the Mayor of Adelaide, a onpy of which has been received by the City Council. It is in book form bound in stiff cloth covers, and econpies 117 octavo pages, inolnding in its contents »n Act of Parliament, sets of bylaws, and sundry other samples of somewhat dry reading. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr J. L. Anderson, J.P., at the gaol on Saturday touch ing the death of Ambrose Crilly, who w.ih on remand at the gnol en a oharge of drunken ness. The evidence of Dr Jordan showed that death was due to senile decay, the deceased being 76 years of age. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was recorded. Our horse market etill continnes to flourish, and holds out big iudnoement for vendors to forward thsir etook to our local salevards. On Saturday last, at Messrs Coghlan, Boase, and Co.’a saloynrds, that firm of auctioneers submitted a draught mare by Clydesdale Hero ab auotion, and which, after keen competition, was knocked down at £4O to Mr Fiscalina, and th-n re-sold to Mr J. T. Mallin-, of Dimboola, for £43. Mr J. Boasted, of Smeatnn, was the seller in tho first plans. Contractors and fanners are aow fully aware that good draught stock are very scarce in this colony owing, no doubt, to the heavy shipment* that wore aont to Western Australia the last two or threß years, which now makes the competition very brisk for any good sort of a draught horse sent into market. Only recently the above firm realised 40 guineas for a draught gelding. A youth named J. Neal was arrested on Satnrday by Constable Byrne on a charge of making use of insulting words. Tb« accused wae bailed oat to appear at tbe City Court this morning. Evangelictic services will be oontinned each evening this week in the Pleaeaut street Wesleyan Church, commencing at half-past 7 o’clock. The Rev. W. Harris, of Ararat, will conduct this evening: the Rev. S. Hoban, of Geelong, to-morrow evening; and tbe Rev. Henry Howard on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Encouraging results were obtained at last week’s meetings, and ns the work ie growing large attendances are hoped for during the present week. A vocal and dramatic entertainment will be given in the Mechanics’ Institute to-night in aid of Nazareth House. Tho programme, ivhiah appears in another column, includes the drama “ Our Bitterest Foe” and the comedy, “My Lady Help.” The entertainment pro mises to he nnnsnally enjoyable, and as the object to bo benefited is one which should enlist the sympathy of all classes in tho com mnnity, there sliunld be a very large at tendance. The consumption of beer in Ballarat for the month of July jnet ended showed a material decrease as compared with that of Jnoe last, the beer duty reoeivod at the local treasury for thoss two months being £1233 12s and £1306 6s 3d respectively. The duty for July, however, shows an increase on that for the corresponding month last year of £6B 17s. A splendid oolleation of citrons frnits were o» view at Messrs Hndeun and Wilton’s window in Stars street, jast above the Mechanios’s Institute, on Satnrday evening, and attracted considerable attention. They were grown by Mr G. S. Gadd, curator of tbe Bendigo parks and gardens, and comprise 20 varieties, from a miniature mandarin orange to a mooeter ihaidook. In all tliere were lwo oases foil, whioh were exhibited by Mr Rattray, head teaoher of the Maoarthur street State school. They will be on view at Messrs Endean and Wilson’s establishment for two or three days. At the Moonee Talley races on Saturday, the July Handicap was won by Mr J. Soobie s Leeze Me, whioh etarted favorite for the event in a field of eighteen. Leeze Me was ridden by W. Redfern, who just forced his mount home by half a head from Mr Glassoook’a Revenge, while a naok further off was Mr Jungw rth’s The Hammer. The Benevolent Asylum Committee will meet to night. As this will be the first meet ing eince the annual meeting, the appointment of the various aub-committees will be pro ceeded with. The final match for the first rote football premiership waa played on Saturday between the Reserve and Eureka Clubs. Am exciting match terminated in a victory for the Reserve, who soorad 27 points to their opponents’ IS. 1 A number of the ratepayers of the west riding, Buninyongshire, are desirous that Mr Walter Moyle, the late rate colleator for the Bbire, should allow himself to be nominated in opposition to the retiring member, Mr Davies. An effort is also being made_ to secure opposition to Mr Holden, the retiring member for the north riding, and ah ex councillor is mentioned as a likely oaudi date. The Rev. W. Bnrridge, who has almost com pleted his three years at the Neil street Wes leyan Churoh, has received a cordial invitation to the South Melbourne cirouit, which, subject to the approval of the Wesleyan conference, he has promised to accept. The latest estimate of the relativo strength of the parties in- New South Wales, as far as the federal vote is oonoerned is as follows: — Reidites, sixty-four; Bartonites, sixty; Inde pendent one. An analysis of the polling shows that the Bartonites lost sight seats through federal candidates refusing to submit to party discipline and allow only one man to oppose the Government nominee. On the other hand, the Ministry lost four seats in a similar way, and with parties so. evenly divided, tbo lobs of four seats was a severe matter to the federalists. A scrutiny of the voting showß that 90,515 votes were caßt for Opposisinn candidates, and 75,712 for Minis terial supporters, aa follows:—City—Against the Government, 6921; for the Governm-nt, 6621\. Suburbs —Against, 21,801; for, 25,987. Country Against, 61,823; for, 43.113. Majority- for Bartonite candidates, 14,833. The total votes polled were 166,257, on' of a total of 323,331 on the roll, as against 153,126 recorded at the 1895 election, when 267,453 names were on the roll. The border districts cast 11,181 votes for Bartonite candidates, 2580 for Ministerial, and 1471 for independent candidates. The free-trade strength ef the House is estimated at 71, against 53 protec tionists and one independent. We are requested to state that Mr T. R. Treloar, chemist, has been outhorised to pre pare a register of all oertifioated nurses open for engagements. Farther particulars in another column. The matter of giving a return bail to tbe Mayor and Mrs Sboppee is already under dis cussion, and in all probability the festivity will take place in about three weeks’ time. At the meeting of tbe City branch of the Australian Natives’ Association to-night, Cr Alex. Bell will speak on "Local municipal amalgamation.” Tisitors are cordially in vited. Mr H. T. M’Kay, proDrietor of the Sun shine Harvester works, iuYuille streot, writes to say that he has had no disagreement with either the City Connoil or the Gas Company, as might be snppnsed from a reference in an artiole whioh appeared in our supplement on Saturday. 