OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. in HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from a well-known and highly respected colonists is always worth print- ing, and the words of Mr. George Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria-road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature :-" I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice, said Mr. Marner to our reporter recently, "Shewan! overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her." Here Miss Marner entered, and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. " I commenced some two years ago to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she I did not feel His iii ciently unwell to take to my bed, but ox presented a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was over- growing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took-the ' quinine tonic given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely got any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but it had no effect ; then I consulted a well known Collins-street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also reach on rising in the morning j any food taken could not be kept down, She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice " I weighed 7st. 3lb., now I am 9st, 7lb." , " A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial of No ; all the medicine I got did me very a little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the .lubilee- fiolidays; last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel' street, Prahran ; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is along time since I discontinued taking them, and am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them ?" " Yes and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner. " Had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." Parents should think over] this-good health and a hundred pounds saved. It is undisputed that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for in- digestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, amends, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, etc. Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Hobart, Tas., who will forward six boxes for 15s. 3d., or one box for 2s. 9d. post free. FLORILINE. FOR TnKTicrrn AND BREATH. A row drops of the liquid " Floriline " sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly NICOLSON the tooth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness. and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed tooth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline, being composed in parts of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the lasts, and the Brenton total discovery of the age. Price, 2d. Cd., of all chemists and perfumers. Wholesale Depot, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England. "KEATING'S POWDER" destroys BUGS FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other in sects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals! In exterminating Beetles the success of this powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application. See the article you purchase is " KEATING'S," as imitations are noxious and ioeObotwd. Bold In TinMBd., U., audffe. Mr .Mh, by all braUH 