AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The lively and tuneful opera of "La Mascotte" was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening by the Albert Fairbairn Operatic Society in a very complete manner. Ihere was a large attendance, including the Right Hon. the Chief Justice and Mrs. Way, and the opera went so smoothly from first to last aa to well merit the frequent applause whioh it received. This is the fourth and perhaps tbe most ambitious of the performances which the society has undertaken here, and the mem bers, all of whom are local vocalists, are to be congratulated on their success, which must have entailed a ereat deal of careful prepara-J tion. Apart from tbe leading performers the chorus numbered 50 voices, and the cos tumes, provided by the members themselves, left little to ba desired in the matter of brilliancy or taste The Mascotte was played by Miss Lulu Gillespie in a, very bright, and lively style, and l^er rendering of the "Glou-glou" song and the duet with Pippo in the seconcJ act were so good as to produce im perative demands for more. Quite a number of liorsl tributes were handed up to the clever, little actress during the evening, including two! which had been specially sent by Messrs. Wil- j liamson & Musgrove and "The Sign of tho Cross" Company. The comic eldbeut in ** La i Mascotte" centres in Laurent XVII., and a] really good exponent of the character was: found in Mr. Harry Kelly. In facial expres sion, manner, and delivery he niade the part of the superstitious sovereign thoroughly amusing, his acting being specially commend able in the palace scene. He was well sup ported by Mr. Norman J. Pontifes, who as Kocco played tbe broken-down farmer and subsequent grand chamberlain in a very satis factory way. Mr. W. J. Graham represented Pippo in a manly style, and his fine bari tone was heard to good effect in several songs. Mr. J. S. Coboan as Prince Fritellini was good in places, but he was capable of much improve ment both in vocalism and acting. Th* Prin cess Fiametta was a fair success in the hands of Miss' May LenthaU, and ths other characters were well filled as follows:—Matteo.Mr. E. J. Price; Parafoote, Mr.' A. L. Kimmo; Giu seppe, Mr! H. Cowan: Angelo, Miss Bessie Cherry; Lnigi, Miss Jessie Nimmo; Paolo, Miss Mary Baldock; Marco. Miss Nellie Greer; Finella, Miss Ada Win wood. The dances'were prettily executed by the Misses Amy Kane, Maud Brooks, Rose Bead, and Ada Graham. The stage arrangements were excellent, and all minor details showed proof of care ful preparation. A certain amount of ner* vousnes?, very natural under the circam stances, was visible amongst the performers during the first act, but this Boon wore off under the genial influence of a. favorable reception. Mr. Albert Fairbairn, whose pupils did him great credit on the occasion, acted as conductor with Mr. Thomas Grigg as leader of orchestra and Mr. Harry Trevorah as'stage manager. The play will be staged for three more nights, and no doubt in future per formances it will be possible to cut down the waits bo that the open may terminate at an earlier hour than on Saturday. Win Excellency the Governor and suite will be pre sent at-the Theatre Royal this evening. A ciowded house witnessed the 0.8.1, con cert on Saturday evening. The Vaudeville Variety Company undertook the compilation of the programme, and met witii a nattering success. Tbe following took part:—Messrs. W. A; Wafton and T. Duthey (bones), W. Parry and W. Cowan (tambos), T. Jensen (interlocutor), Miss L. Clifton, Messrs. L. yon Allwarden, A. Brownlow, 1\ Johnson, W. Cnllen, J>. York,' and J. O'Brien. During the evening the farce " A night with a ghost" was presented, the cast being sustained by Messrs. E. and W. Parry and S. Whyte. At the con clusion of the programme a humorous comedy, "Artists Wanted," by Miss A. X Gurr, and Messrs. w: Skntp, G. J. Holland, W.Cullen, W.Skuce, A. Henderson, and C. S. Black ford created much amusement. Mr. W. Cnllen as manager, and Mr. T. Jensen as stage manager contributed greatly to the suc cess of the concert. On Friday evening, August 19, a compli mentary farewell social was tendered to Mr. E.C.Stott(who is about.to leave Adelaide for Sydney) by the employes of the Govern ment Printing Office at Wale's, Exchange Hotel.' The overseer of the. office (Mr. H. Brooke) occupied the chair, and'-on behalf of the employes presented the guest with a handsome travelling bag, wishing him all sac cess in the future. Messrs. W. C. Shadgett and S. Winwood also made a few remarks, testifying as to Mr. ' Start's sterling qualities as a workman and a com rade. Mr. Stotfs health was then drupk with musical honors. . Mr. Stott feelingly re plied. Songs and recitations were contributed by Messrs. J. P. Hyland, G. E. Bonney, E. T. Watson, W. A. Verrier. Mi Gbeaxy, J. Treba ?adfc, "W. C. Shadpett, A; FrosJv W. Williams, and H- Tyson. Mr. Cheary also rendered a "violin solo very creditably. Mr. Walter pre sided at the piano, and Mr. T. Woodhead was the hon. secretary, and to this gentleman is due the success of tba'sooal. The singing of " Anld lang syne" concluded the proceedings. Eowley"s Waxworks still attract large crowds daily. This evening a baby show and a tin whistle competition are the added attractions. On Wednesday a "beauty competition" is atmotmoed, and a change of the stage pro gramme is promised for tbe present week. 