TSE ftlT IF JEUK CHAPTER XVIII. — (Conlinvcd.) Ivati was by Tier side when Felix Lanooe entered the great, square hall. She was ^railing into his eyes, forcing herself to . respond to his flattery and tender nonsense with ?words as light. But at sight of Lancoe's clear-cut, ?white face and gloomy eyes, her heart quailed so suddenly that she stood ?with an half-aff- righted expression, gazing at the now-comcr over Ivan's shoulder. 'What's tho matter, dearest ?' Ivan asked, softly, and even as he spoke he felt he knew ?what had made that look illumine her lovely eyes. The new-born jealousy, only a faint flame in his heart, leaped to brighter life, as he followed her gnxo and saw tho patrician owner of ' The Crest' bending over Miss Abby's hand iu greeting. ' Ah ! we are to have the sensation of the evening,' said Ivan, with a touch of mockery and anger. ' Lancoe lured from his solitude ; Lancoe, the cynosure of all eyes; Lancoe, the handsome — the mysterious. You seem strangely interested in him, Madge,' he added, with sudden gravity. ' Well, you know,' she said, half laughingly ?while her heart throbbed heavily, ' he is a man with a history.' ' Oh, you have a penchant for mysteries, have you?' asked Ivan, looking at her reproachfully, and speaking with a little irritation. ' Ono has only to get a reputation for a hapless love or an enigmatical mis fortune, bury one's self from the world, let one's hair grow white at the temples, cultivate a morbid, bitter look, hate one's fellow-men or at least find them disagreeable, in order to capture a woman's inconsequent interest.' Madge flung up her head- and looked with a merry defiance into Ivan's half-displeased eyes. ' He is a problem. Suppose I try to solve him ? Would you mind ?' ' I— don't like him,' he said, curtly, but thero was no time for further speech on the Bubject, for Miss Abby had approached with tho handsome cynic, and Madge had given ' him her hand, ' Really, my dear Madge,' said Miss Abby, her old face lighted with a new-born vivacity, ' we. may consider ourselves victors. We have actually dragged Mr. Lancoe from his den and made him look more kindly on the ?world he had given the cold shoulder to. , Madge felt the man's glance linger upon her intensely, she felt his fingers tremble in hers. Ho laughed a little as he answered Miss' Abby's speech, but she could see that his thoughts ?wcro with the past, and that her face had awakened memories which were inwardly speaking to him and saddening him. ' I feel like a ghost at a feast to-night,' he said, as Ivan moved away to get his partner for the mazourka just beginning. ' I am not at all accustomed to the task of making my self agreeable.' ' But your old instincts will revive, I am sure,' said Madge, gazing at him with a touch of archness, ' and after one dance your refor mation will be complete.' Lancoo rested his elbow- against the mantel, and his glance travelled over the girl's witch ing faco and white-robed form. He looked very handsome as he stood there, and many of the dancers who knew the old story of I Farneleigh's sorrow, glancing at this man -with the ashes of the years upon his hair gazing down on the girl beside him, thought of other days when he had loved another ?woman with the same piquant face and violet eyes. ] ' Would you have me dance, Miss ]?arne leigh?' he asked, in amused amaze. 'Oh, no, indeed ! that would be too frivolous. I ?must come out of my shadows gradually — a full sunlight would be too trying. By the way, is your card quite full ?' ' I don't dance the mazourka, so I missed this. I'm afraid all tho rest except the mazourkas are gone,' she said, regretfully, for it was very true, though for a reason un dreamed of by him, that she did want to be with him as much as possible that night. 'Well, then, as I shan't dance at all, will you be good enough to let me put my name down here for the mazourkas — so ?' We won't dance — we'll talk,' and he added, almost wistfully, ' I'd like to know how the , world looks to you. Very beautiful, no j donbt.' Othors came up and claimed Lancoe's attention, and in a 'little whilo Madge went away with Ivan for a waltz. It was a happi ness too delightful for words to float arpund the beautiful room, her lover's tender whispers and the music's strains in her ears. Madge crushed down tho pain that would arise as she recalled her father's face and the task laid upon her of blotting tho page of Felix Lancoe's life with the stain of murder. She surrendered herself to tlio joy of the moment, shutting lior eyes to possible pain in tho future, revolling iu the exquisitely dear presont. ' I will bo faithful to my trust — nothing shall daunt mo or make mo waver. But, oh, tho years before mo may hold pain, renuncia tion, defeat — I must bo happy in little snatches while I may.' The never-to-be forgotten waltz was over, aud Ivan led her away to a little ante- room, up as a resting place. ' Dear Madge,' he whispered, laying his hand upon, her dark brown hair, and gazing at her wistfully, ' I do love you so. I'm so afraid — afraid, sometimes, that my happiness id too great, and that it will bo taken from me. Why do I feel it to-night, I wonder?' A shudo passed over her face, her lips took on a pathetic curve. ' Oh, do not say that. Let us have no promonitions, Ivan ; let us be happy while it is possible.' , -' How str ingfely you speak !' he said, draw ing a, little away. 'Wo said wo were going ??to bo happy forever.' 'And so we will be,' she said, 'with a change of tone, a smile in her eyes. ' Come, now ; no gloomy thoughts at my first ball.' When the strains of the mazourka floated through th;; old mansion Madge felt herself looking nervously among the crowd for Felix Lancoo. As she saw him making his way to ward her, for a second sho felt a little giddy, and all grew dark ; but only for a second. She had a part to play, and she was going to play it successfully. ' It is very good of you,' said Lancoe, as ho offered her his arm, ' to devote a few moments to a fogey like me. I hope I'm not going to bore you.' They entered the pink-hued conservatory. The splash of fountains was like a lullaby mingling with the distant beat of tho dance music, the perfume of the flowers wove a spell of enchantment in theair, thesoft lights shed a mystical glow over the place suggestive of fairy-land. 'I'm sure you won't,' she said, with apparent innocence, 'if you tell me something about yourself — your life. People say you aro interesting. Aro you ?' The lines deepened on Lancoe's face, as they paused beside the fountain. He looked in suenco ior a moment. ' If its interesting to be a failure — yes,' he said, sadly ; ' but I'd rather not talk of myself. There's something I want to say to you, Miss Farneleigh. It seems to me that Time has grown young — that I am happy as I used to be in the old days here. How like your mother you are !' he said, abiuptly, his eyes fastened yearningly upon her. The words were an affront to Madge, and it was with difficulty she kept from shrinking away with evident disgust. He dared to speak of her mother ! His heart was a stone like his conscience. If anything had been needed to make her hate him, he had supplied it by those words. But he did not guess her feelings. Outwardly she remained composed, except that the lilies she carried were crushed in her burning palm, and her lowered eyelids hid an angry light. ' You knew my father — and mother — very well ?' she asked. I think Aunt Abby said so.' ' Oh, very well ! Your mother and I were friends from school days,' he said. 'Of course you do not remember her?' 'No,' she replied feeling her blood tingle at his callousness, ' I wish I did. I was very young — when she died,' she said, musingly, then turned her blue eyes full upon his face. ' Mr. Lancoe, they never talk about my mother here. Tell me what you know about her, will you ? Did she die at ' Farneleigh ?' ' He looked for a moment more like a figure of stone than a man, only his black, bright eyes alive in his pale face. She saw his fingers open and close convulsively, and for a moment he did not seem to breathe. ' I don't remember,' he said, slowly, at last, his eyes avoiding hers. ' I don't think she died at ' Farneleigh.' ' In fact, I forget. I really don't know. It's a long while ago.' ' They have told her nothing about the 'Farneleigh' mystery,' he thought, with a wave of relief. ' She evidently doesn't dream that her father hated me; she doesn't know that the manner of her mother's death is known only to one — only to one. I'm glad they have not told her,' and an anticipative joy went- through him. ' Perhaps she'll let me be her friend. How lovely she is ; How she brings back my youth ! The only woman who ever made my heart quicken by one pulsation seems before me again, pure, white robed, radiant. Oh, if that past could be wiped out — its horror, its crime, and this were really Alice, free to be won, free to be wed — Alice, loving me 1' A bitter sigh broke from him ; he moved away a few steps, passing his hand nervously over his eyes. ' I have resurrected a. ghost indeed,' was Madge's thought. ' Now to gain admittance to 1 The Crest.' To- night's work will not be done unless I arrange for that — soon.' ' Mr. Lancoe,' she said when he stood again beside her, his composure resumed, ' I've heard wonderful stories about , the beauties of your old house on the hill. Why don't you ask Aunt Abby and me to tea dome day, and show us some of the lovely things you've picked up during your travels ?' 'Oh, I will — I will,' he said eagerly, ' That will make my Phoenix-like experiment complete. I'll take you over ' The Crest,' and it is indeed filled with treasures from almost everv land under the sun. 'My father was a traveller and collector, aud I inherited the the same taste. When will you come ? Soon ? Say you'll come soon,' he pleaded now, with an eagerness almost boyish. ' I will, whenever you ask mo,' she said, a feoling of triumph making her heart quiver. ' Well, there'll be some preparations necessary first,' ho added. I've let tho old place get musty, I'm afraid. But, I'll tell you what I'll do. In about a week I'll give a dinner as a sort of house-warming to the old ' Crest.' You shall be my guest of honour, Miss Abby will come and — Mr. Trent, of course, as well as Mrs. Connie Weston and Colonel, Cathcris. Oh, I'm so glad you spoke of it; I'm so glad you'd like to come.' ' Madge let a smile curl up the pretty corners of her lips, and, conquering her inward shrinking held out her hands. | ' We aro to be friends — I feel it,' she said, warmly. ' Friends ?' he echoed. ' Oh, how good that word is ! I'd rather be friends with you than with any one else in the world.' I Tho last words seemed to escape him] against his will, for ho remained very silent, a strange -look on his faco, making no reply to the girl's questioning'glance. ' And why with me, Mr. Lancoo ?' sho asked, watching him. closely. ' Because — what a foolish fancy it is !— because, to look at you makes me forget that the past evor was. Because I seem to be young again, with no misdeeds, no errors to regret,' ho said, in a voico harsh with a feel ing ho struggled to hide, as he bent his head and touched his lips to her hand. As they strolled back to the doorway to join tho dancers, they did not notice Marcia Baldwin's envious face pressed against tho conservatory window watching them. She crouched in tho cold night, her gown sweeping tho damp earth, looking liko the Peri outside Paradise, on tho scene where sho had ? rovelled for such a brief while. Her heart was the homo of malice and envy. ' It looks as if sho woi'o flirting with Lancoo. Was it Lancoo sho mot in tho village ? Is slio playing fast and looso with Ivan Trent? She'd better walk a straight lino, for I'm watching her,' wore the thoughts of that thronged lior brain. CHAPTER SIX. THE FIRST CLOUD. It was almost three o'clock. The ball which had been a brilliant success was wan ing to a close ; carriages were rolling down the dark, broad avenues of the park, and only a few of the most assiduous dancers still lingered in the ballroom. ' Will it never end ?' Was Madge's weary thought, when for a moment she found her self alorie behind some tall palms at the foot of tho stairs. ' What a farce this gaiety is when a purpose which means more than life or death makes my heart burn — a purpose which involves a man's honour, a man's every hope, and. upon which the love and happiness of my life depends.' Her blue eyes were heavy, and in her snowy draperies, with the great bunch of fading lilies in her tired arms, she looked like a child pining to rest its head upon a mother's tran quil bosom and sink to sleep. Thinking she was unobserved, Madge stole up the stairway and entered, the deserted library. How peaceful it was here ! The fire burned redly, the corners of the silent place were filled with heaped shadows, and her own dim reflection in the glass, looked like a spirit haunting a familiar, deserted 'place. With a sigh of utter weariness she crouched down before the fire. She was thinking of her father, of Lancoe's words, his sad, memory- haunted eyes, the look of something like horror which had several times passed .like a shadow over his face. He was guilty — she felt it in her soul. Guilty, and yet the world welcomed him — fortune smiled on him. ' Oh, father, I will not forget — I will not forget!' she wispered, clasping her hands together, her heart-growing hot within her. ? ' Dreaming ?' asked a voice, softly ; and, looking up almost guiltily, she saw Ivan standing beside her. ' So you got tired of us all. What a blase debutante you are, Madgie !' he said, with a smile. As he spoke, his eyes were filled with a puzzled expression, and it seemed as if he would try to read her thoughts. 'Did you enjoy yourself?'' Madge asked standing up and lightly leaning her head upon his shoulder. She was thinking that as they stood so they seemed revelling in the sunshine of life, so happy, so young, with love as their portion ; and yet she alone knew what a gulf might stretch between them until at last they stood on either side, divided. ' Ivan looked down on her pensive, delicate profile very tenderly, but still with the slightest bit of resentment in his expression. ' I'd have enjoyed myself much more, Miss Mischief, if you hadn't seemed so wonderfully entertained by our exhumed mummy.' ' Aud who is that, pray ?' ' Lancoe, of course.' , Madge looked up at him with a faint smile. ' I'm afraid you don't like our neighbour of ' The Crest,' ' ? 'I don't.' ' But he's really very entertaining. Wo got along famously,' said Madge. ' Yes, so I saw. What were you talking about ?' ' Oh, about ? a lot of things. About his beautiful old' house, for one thing,' she said, with sudden interest. ' Do you know, Ivan, I have charmed tho mummy, as you call him, from his grave— indeed, he is going to fling ' The Crest' open, give a dinner, which shall be a house warming. You are to be one of tho party, Aunt Abby, Mrs. Weston — ' But Ivan's face had changed,- and ho looked alinost forbidding. ' I shan't go. Mr. Lancoe won't entertain me.' ' Oh, but you must,' said Madge, in somo dismay ; ' I shouldn't enjoy the dinner with out you, dear. Say you'll come.' Ivan took a few steps away and then camo ? back to her side. ' Madge, dear,' he said, very seriously, resting his hands upon her shoulders, ' I am going to make a request, audi hope you'll grant it — in fact, I'm sure you will. I don't want you to go to ' Tho Crest.' You will please tell Mr. Lancoo that you cannot go.' Ho did not understand the reason for tho sad but determined look which camo irnto . Madge's eyes, as she stood with clasped hands gazing at him. ' Why do you say this, Ivan ? What objec tion havo you ? You don't liko Mr. Lancoe, bat suppose he intorests mo — ' ' Yes, ho interests you,' said Ivan, a sudden jealous pain in his heart. ' I wish lio-didn't. But you must not make a friend of him, dear. I ask this for my sake. Ho is not a man for you to know.' ' What reasons havo you ?' she repeated, knowing bitterly how futile this discussion was, and how her resolve must stand, no matter what Ivan said. ' I don't like him. Men don't retire from the world and prose among dust and cobwebs for years and years without somo reason that porhaps wouldn't bo very much in their favour. Besides, the man's a cynic ; he has a socrotive, sneering eyo. I hardly think ho's tho sort of friend for you. Promise me you won't go to this dinner, and that you'll not encourage his friendship in the future. Promiso me, Madge,' and he. took hor hands earnestly. She loved him better for every word he spoke against this enemy of her father's — this man she detested ; this man whose good fortune and unsuspected life rankled in her soul like wormwood ; but she seemed, instead, his. champion, as she shook her head and drew back. ' You seem to me very unreasonable, Ivan. I see no reason for not having Felix Lancoe as a friend. I'm sorry not to grant vonr re quest, but I wouldn't miss seeing ' The Crest' and his treasures there. I want to go, and I shall go,' she said, gently, but with firmness. 'What if I tell you this man was, your father's enemy ? What if I tell you that all tho sadness of your father's life might be traced primarily to Felix Lancoo's door? Would you go still :J' he asked, hotly, his eyes half angry, half entreating. A wave of pain went over Madge's heart at his words, her lids fell wearily over her eyes. Sho stood with her eyesjfixed on the fire. ' Yes, I would still go,' she said, in a life less voice. ' Evidently my wishes are nothing to you,' he said, passionately. ' Oh yes, they are,' she said piteously, holding her hands out to him ' Don't look at me so sternly, so coldly. I would do any thing in the world for you'—' 'And yet when I ask such a simple thing — ' ' It is not a simple thing,' she interrupted. ' Aunt Abby likes Mr. Lancoe. He has been here as her guest ; I have promised to go to his house to this dinner. I must keep my promise. More 'than this, I wish to know Mr. Lancoe. You are right when you say he interests me,' she said, her breath coming quickly. ' Let us say nothing of the past, of my father' b differences with him. Since Aunt Abby welcomes him at 'Farneleigh,' why should not I be his friend ? Please say no more on this subject, Ivan — please say no more,' and she fluhg herself wearily into a chair, covering her eyes with her hands. For a moment Ivan towered over her, scarcely able to believe his ears. What did it all mean — what could it all mean, except that Madge had made the choice between his urgent wish and Felix Lancoe's ? He had im plored her to renounce this man's friendship in vain. Tho thought petrified him with the chill of wounded love. ' Forgive me for presuming,' he said in a cold voice which seemed to her to shut out hope forever ; ' I will not trouble yon so again. I thought you loved me better than you do — that's all,' and he walked out of the1 firelit room, leaving her to her own thoughts and the tears, which came slowly, heavily, down her white cheeks. Oh, love,' her heart said to her, ' if you knew how tender you would be, how you would pity me. And yet I may not tell you. My secret must remain my secret, and I must work alone, as I promised.' She did not.see Lancoe again, but made her way wearily to her room, shut oat her maid and flung herself weeping on the bed. There in her crushed tulle, the fading flowers at her feet, she sobbed out her heart until dawn peered inquisitively and coldly at the window. Two days passed, and Ivan did not come1 to ' Farneleigh.' He had been longing for a line from Madge, calling him to her side, but none had come. At last he determined to see her again and span the breach between them, for he loved her so it was acute misery to re main from her side in coldness. ' Perhaps I was a little unreasonable,' he thought ; ' Madge is high spirited, and re sented what I said. Let her know Lancoe. It really can do her no harm — and I'm sure she loves me.' He was half way to ' Farneleigh' when the sound of a girl's laughter, accompanied by a man's deeper notes, broke on the woodland stillness. Some instinct he scarcely knew what, urged him to turn his, horse into the thickest part of the wood and see-who the passers-by. would be on the narrow forest path. He heard the distant tread of horses' hoofs against the banks of dead leaves, and at last, between the half denuded trees, he saw a riding party advancing. 'Mrs. Weston, Jack Ainsle'e first — and then — yes, it ia — it is,' he groaned inwardly, 'Madge — and Lancoe.' The first two riders came on and passed him; the other two on whom his angry, un happy eyes were fastened rode more slowly Lancoe was bending toward the young girl, and she was listening to him, a smile on her lips. In that miserable moment it seemed to Ivan she had never looked so lovely nor seemed more happy. They were almost opposite the Spot where ho waited, when a branch of flaming maple leaves high up on a tree caught Madge's eye. ' How beautiful they are !' she cried, im pulsively. Oh, the sun seems to have flung all the fire of summer into their leaves as a good-bye.' ' Let me get them for you,' . said Lancoe, eagerly. ? He swung himself from his horse and scaled the tree with agility. , ' , 'Oh, be careful, Mr. Lancoe. You way fall,' said Madge. ' But he did not descend until he held the desired branch in his hand. 'You admired it, Miss Farneleigh, and of courso, that was command for me to get it.' said Lancoe, gallantly, as he tied it to the horse's bridle. In fastening it, Madge's hand touched his by chance. Ivan saw a flush leap to his pale clear-cut face, a look almost of long ing flash from his eyes. ' He is falling in love with her,' he thought, with a fierce agony. ' Can't she see it ? Or doesn't she care ? Oh, is she so frivolous as to find pleasure in enslaving him for her own amusement ? I cannot beliovo it of you, Madge !' Ho watched them until a turn of the path hid them from his view. His faco was liko death as ho went back to ' Maryfield.' 'How is it all going to end?' he asked, bitterly. He was conscious of an absorbing misery ; all was dark before him, and there was no answer to tho question. (To he continued.) James Tyson, the millionaire, visited Victoria a few' months ago, and Mr. M'Lean, M.L. A., travelled in the same train with him. ' How are you, Mr. Tyson t' ' I am well, thank yon, but yon have the advantage of me.' ' My name is M'Lean.' ' Oh, of course, I recollect you now — M'Lean — stock tax — no, Hnffra, I mean.' This led on to talk about the stock tax, and Mr.. Tyson educed tho following original argument on the Bubject : — ' It is a moBt demoralising tax. What effect must it have upon the morals of the population when a grazier, living on the New South Wales Bide of the river, says to hia sons, the first thing every morning, now, lade, every beast you oan smuggle over that river iB equal to 30s in my pocket.' What Mr. M'Lean replied to that ho does not say, but he laughs as he tells .the story. 