\- GRANT'S WIFE. And when your love Has oooquered pride— A man was singing to tho accompaniment of the concortiua. The notes wero lopg drawn and filled with a certain rough pathos. His com panions listoned in approving silouco until tlna song came to an ond. 14 Music's a cheering thing in a man's life,' remarked an old, thin, weather- beaten shepherd, the owner of the New Zealand but wberiu the foar men were seated before a largo wood fire. Jackson's wbare was the only habitation for miles around. It was situated npdh a lonely road,aud was tbe geucral refuge for all belated shepherds, stockmen, and rabbiters belonging to the u run.' A long, narrow room scantily furnished, with bunks bnilt into the walls, a table and a few odd stools and chairs, all of which at present were drawn up to the fireplace. The men wero smoking ; the atmosphere was dense; there wasageneral odour of tobacco, mackintosh, leather, also wet sheep dog, for there were several of these animals lying down or creeping about, and tbo musical programme was occasionally varied by a dismal howl from one or other of them which had rashly ventured inko tbe charmed oirelo round tho blazing logs, and got in tbe way of somebody's great boots. A heap of damp saddles was thrown into a corner, whips, straps, and spurs lay about ou table and floor. There was no light save that of tbe fire, which shed a flickering crimson glow into the room, lending a certain picturesque charm to the common-place interior, and soften iug tbe rough faces of tho men. 41 Siug again, Willie,' said the host, and tbe musician, a thick-sot, pleasant looking young mau, complied, and gave them 44 The Ship that. Never Returned,' 44 Rock Me to Sleep Mother,' 44 Annie Rooney,' aud would probably havo favoured the company with half-a-dozen more, uot being in tbe least bashful, hut that bis next neighbour a man whose distinctive characteris tics were a pair of long legs, a pronounced scowl, and a huge moustache, suggested that they had had enough of him ; so he meekly deposited his instrument beneath his chair, and tho party lapsed into silence, broken only by the cheerful cracklings of the burning wood and the sound of the rain on tbe roof. The old mau took his pipe out of his mouth and made a long shot at a glowing ember. 44 She's a bad 'un,' he said, slowly. 44 1 don't like her eye.' Tho remark was apropos of nothing, and no body asked auy questions. 44 She's a d ? d bad 'un,' he continued in nn argumentative tone; but still his companions puffed away gravely and made no auswer. 44 She's tricky, that's what she is,' be went on, after a pause, 44 and my opinion is that the boss has got a handful.' It was not a horse he was speaking of, but a woman! as a remark from tbe moustaehed man betrayed. 44 You've only seen her riding, with a hat and a veil on,' he said grullly, 44 What the ? do you know about hi r eye ? ' The old man squared himself up, ready for the fray, 44 1 haven't lived fifty-five years in this world for nothing,' ho said. 44 I observed just uow that music's a cheery thing in a mau's life ; so's a woman, when she's a good one. When she's not, his life is ? ' 44 Old Dick is rather amusing on social ques tions,' drawled the fourth mau, who had not spoken before— a quiet fellow, looking rather like a broken down-gentleman. 44 Who is the lady iu question ?' ' Mrs. Grant,' said Moustachio. The quiet mau whistled. 44 His wife,' he said slowly. 44 1 say, Jackson, you'd better be careful what you're fiayiug.' 'She'd better be careful what ihe's doiug,*' auswered Jackson, angry at the rebuke, fnr he was generally considered something of au oracle. ,4 When a young woman with an elderly husbaud spends half ber time riding about with a fellow like Spencer — ' 44 Spencer ?' 44 Yes, that idle, loafing cad of a remittance 44 1 know. I dou't admire her taste.' 44 You'll never fathom a woman,' continued the old man, recovering his tone of wonted itn ! portance, and staring gravely into tho fire 'Everyone else considers thefellow a ead,there ! fore she's bound to be shook on him. He's as : handsome as the devil, dresses well, and he rides Grant's horses as if they were his own aud he had about fourteen moro out in tbe pad dock.' Tho man with the moustache paused in his occupation of stirring up the tobacco in his pipe : with his penknife, and turned to his host. 'You know a fat lot, Jackson,' he said, 'but I think you are wrong this trip. She seem* a nice youtig woman. I havo seen her ouce or twico pretty close.' 4t What is she like to look at ?' asked the quiet man. 44 Oh, small and dark,' said Jackson, 44 with a lot of black hair that's always tumbliug down when she's riding, aud that's one up agin her. A uico woman keeps her hair neat.' The other man laughed. 11 You're a rum old card,' he said, 44 but 1 think I'd keep my mouth shut on.this subject if I were you. Whether you are right or wrong it's a dangerous business to meddle with.' Then one of them started talking 44 sheep.'* and everything else iu Heaven and upon earth faded iuto utter insignificance. Rams, hoggets, bwcs, lambs, Meriuo, South Down, Liucolu, it went on, an endless and nll-absorbing topic. L'ipes were filled again and ngain. The lire got low, they talked almost in the dark. Suddenly the sleeping dogs started up with sharp littlo barks, more barking was going ou outside, and presently the sound of approaching horses became audible. Jackson got up and throw more wood upou tho fire, a shower ol spaiks flew up the chimney, then he walked over and opened the door. Tbe quiet man went on smoking. Willie rose and put his con certina into his bunk as if he feared the coming visitors might wish to steal it. It was a stormy night. Tho wind blew tho raiu in at the door ; the old man was calling out to someone. 44 There's two of 'em,' ho said, looking back into the hut ; 44 a man aud a boy.' lie weut outside : the visitors came nearer. 41 Put your horses into the shed and give 'em a feed,' ho shouted. There was more conversation and the flicker ing of a lantern, and in a short timo Jackson returned to the wbare. His grey bair was all blown about ; he had a queer expression iu his They've lost their way,' ho said, 44 they aro only going to stay a short timo to rest I be horses and the hoy.' 44 Who are they ?' osked Moustachio. Jacksou did not answer, but looked at tho quiet man, whose face was blank aud uncon cerned The logs had blazed up ; the hut was light nnd cbeerful-loekiug. A man entered ; tall, fair, aud extremely handsome. He was followed by a lad in a great coat and a knitted Tam-o'-Shauter. *' Sorry to disturb you, my friends,' he said, in a deep, clear voice. 44 In the darkness aud the beastly bad roads we lost our way. The hoises aro kuocked up, and want a bit of a spell. We have a long way to go to F ? 44 rixtton miles,' said tho quiet man. Jackson was busy hangiug the billy over the fire. 44 I'll give you some hot tea,' be said to the boy, 44 como near the fire.' 44 Ob, he's not cold,' cried tho haudsome i man, hurriedly. 41 Give him a rug and let him lie down. We came through a beastly bush I track. Ho is tired.' Mustaobio throw him a largo striped rug. Ho rolled tho boy up in it, and ho lay dowu in a corner. 44 It's d— bad Inch !' continued thb stranger, coming forward. 44 Who is the bpy P' asked Willio. 41 Ob, a nipper from town. I'm taking him back to bis ma.' 44 Ho's a good-looking lad,' said the quiet man. 44 Yea.' Jackson made the tea. Ho handed some in a pannikin to the visitor, then dipped out some more, and was going over to where the boy lay, but the other man put his owu down on the table. ' I'll take it to him,' he said. The quiet man looked at Jackson and raided his eyebrows a bait's breadth. Tho stranger came baok to the fire, and sat looking into it with a moody expression upon his face. Suddi-nly hetbrew baok hishead and laughed — a laugh that made the dogs start up and growl. 44 What's tbe matter ?' said Jackson. 44 Nothing,' he answered, 44 1 always laugh wheu I am iu a bad temper.' 44 And cry when your happy, I suppose !' drawled the quiet man. 44 Yes,*'' ho said, 44 hut I haven't cried yet ' He drank his tea and lit bis pipe. They all lit fresh pipes ; the group round the fire was increased by one ; conversation became general. Thoy eventually returned to their muttons, the boy slumbered in his corner ; the dogs remained quiet. Soou Willio crept away and got bis concertina and began playing softly to himself. It seemed to sooth the comp*uy — their voices sank to a murmur, the ruin still pattered on tbe roof, and tbus an hour passed away. Willie ceased playing, left tho fire, and tumbled into his bulk. Moustachio stood up and yawned. .Jackson was gazing iuto the embers and nodding slightly. After a time the stranger stood up. 44 I think we'll go on,' he said, and walked over to the boy. For a moment or two he bent over him, then raised him to his feet. 44 Aro you resled, young fellow p ' asked tho quiet man, coming forward. 44 Yes, thank you,' answered the lad in a low voico. ' He seemed rather slcopy and dazed. Between bis coat collar aud his bat thero was nothing to be seen but two large dark eyes. He kept his hands iu his pockets and shivered slightly. The man turned round to Jackson. ' Tbauks very much for your hospitality,'* ho said. 4* If you will bring your lantern I think I will eo and get the horses now.' Presently he'heard tho horses go off. In a few minutes Jackson and the quiet man returned to the hut. 44 1 must have another pipe after that,' ob served the latter, and proceeded lo fill it. Juckson's mouth was twitching. Something seemed to amuse him. 44 What's up ? ' asked Moustachio. The quiet man looked at the old one, who re sponded to tho look with just the ghost or a wink. 44 Now we'll turn in,' he said ; but just then the dogs began to bark again. 'They are coming back,' said tbo moustached man. 44 It's from tbe other direction, one person riding,' said the quiet mau. Jackson was listening. 44 It's the boss,' be cried, 14 on the grey,'' and rose hurriedly, went out of the door, and closed it after him. After a few minutes a horseman stopped suddenly outside, and a quick, authoritative voice called out to Jackson. A short discussion followed, and a loud oath. The old man came buck. A broad griu was upon his weather beaten countenance. He shut the door, and walked up to the fireplace. 41 He'll catch them up,' he cried, rubbing his bauds. Tbe quiet man nodded. He looked rather grave. 14 Poor little thing I ' he said. 44 Snakes ! ' cried Moustachio. Willio lifted his head out of the bunk. 44 Who is the man ? ' ho asked. 44 Spencer,' replied the quiet man, 44 Then the boy/' said Moustachio, witl. bulging eyeballs. '4 1 know a fat lot, don't IP' chuckled Jaok fion. 44 I'm wrong this trip, eh P Tho boy. my young friend, is tbe boss's wife ! ' 