aoec P& By Peter Quince. Mh. Wilson Baurett is abs— It has been my Jot to see many Ram ets. I think that the first was G. V. Brooke „ : Since then I have seen all sorts and conditions of them. There was Barry Sullivan, Cresvvick, Jis. Anderson, Edwin Adams, Kean and—the Ham'it—Walter Montgomery, lhere were two especially bad Shakespear an actors, and of course they insisted on playing Hamlet. I honestly believed that they were the worst Shakespearian actors on earth, but I have lived to learn that in the lowest deep there is still a lower deep—and 1 have fathomed it. The two bad actors that I speak of were personal friends, but I never could make up my mind as to w icb was the most execrable actor in the part of Hamlet. I atn still undec ded as between the two, but Wilson Barrett is abso— There seems to be a mania for getting new readings for Shakespeare. Time was when it was good enough to call a spade a spade, but now nobody dares attempt Hamlet unless he has some new reading for the spade. The time will come when Bamlet will throw back-handsprings before his mother and kick Claudius in the chest by way of nov-ltv. Mr. Barrett keeps on his feet, but he kicks all over the text in his somersaulting trial for new readings- What are you going to do with a man whose diseased activity starts off at once with " A little more than kin and loss than kinn'd ?" Mr. Barrett, I believe, holds strong opinions as to Hamlet's sanity. After witnessing the performance of " Hamlet ' it is Mr. Barrett's, not Hamlet's, actions that worry me, for he—Hamlet of course is absolu— But I digress, The late Marcus Clarke used to delight in telling me of a now reading which he had discovered and which he intended to use when, if ever, he played Hamlet. The occasion was that in which Hamlet resolves upon the play as a trap for his unclefather. The usually received version runs— " Out of my weakness and my melancholy (And he is very potent with such spirits), Abuses me to damn me". I'll have proofs More relative than this," etc., etc. Thus spake Clarke:—The ordinary reading is not forcible enough. Shakespeare intended to put an additional o to the word to. Followed by a full stop we arrive at the true vigour of the Bard of Avon. Listen "Out of my weakness and my melancholy (As he is very potent with such spirits), Abuses me too. Damn me, I'll have proof." It now seems necessary to discover, or make new readings. Mr. Birrett at times suggests that he is going to flash the magnesium light of his intelligence upon this abstruse character, but —puff! the flash is gone, and you are at once dropped with a dull thud upon the plain, even, unvarnished floor of commonplace. Mr. Wilson Barrett is absolutely the most disappointing llamlet I have ever seen. And I have never seen any person play Hamlet out of Melbourne. » « • # 'J'he re wore two gleams of sunshine, and when these twu rays shone out the stars ceased to twinkle. Mr. Oathcart's delineation of the ghost of Bamlet V father was solidly good throughout— a trifle heavy and " legitimate," but really good, because by gave his author a chance. Mr. Manning's gravedigger was the best I have seen. He is an actor who thinks—and does not think at random—he seeks to give effect to the words, not to d stort them. I am only giving a one-man opinion, but it is the opinion of a man who has seen many Hamlets. After the first act I went out to see if I could borrow a mitrailleuse. I could have got a revolver, but that would only liave killed six people. There were more—many more—in the cast who deserved death. Last night Mr. Wilson Barrett finished his season with " Othello." The charity matinee at the Princess' Theatre, as was anticipated, attracted a large attendance on Friday last. The programme prepared was just ab "ut the strongest to be bad, consisting as it did of items by all the leading companies in our midst. Not the least novel, though unadvertised, feature of the matinee was the appearance of the two Silver Kings—the English and Australian, Wilec m Barrett and G. S. Titheradge. The Barrett company gave UB a taste of tbeir quality in " Chatterton," and Charles Cartwright and the Bijou Comedy Company put in an act of the " Squire of Dames." The Dan Barry Company were well represented in a farce, while Grattan Riggs and Co., Harry Rickards and Co., and the Turner Concert Company were all on hand for " sweet Charity's sake." Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis, Florrie Green, Harry Rickards and others lent valuable assistance. The Dramatic Association should be solidly benefited by the show. A somewhat dainty pink programme, containing photos, of well-known (and some unknown) theatrical people, was sold at one shilling each. "The Ieibh Dbtective" drew a full house to the Theatre Royal on Saturday night last, find the repre entation served to show that age cinnot wither nor custom ttale the infinite variety of charaete s as-umed in this producti n by the veteran Grattan Riggs. Grattan poses in the Irish D. as a so t of whole Protean ente ta ; nmpnt in himself. Tnev-r ousdisguisesare donned in such a style that r<-ally it seems w. rth the while of Joe Brown making * n attemp r to secure the s-r pices of Riggs, with a view of permanently at ach'ng him to the Vic'orian Criminal Investigation Department. Grattan Riggs is no joungertban when he last appearedin"the Marvellous " but his acting, if anything, is better than ever. The veteran is fortunato, too, in having such an all-round excellent suppjrt nt his back. Messrs North, Harrison, Will'ard, Chalmers, Campbell and Stage manager O Neill, and Misses Alice Deorwyn, Duggan, lowers and Leighford, one and all, play their parts for all they are worth. The scenery leaver nothing wanting. The announcement that the Charles Cartwright Company would produce the dramatised version of Ouida's popular story, "Moths," had the effect of drawing a fairly large audience to the Bijou Theatre on Saturday night last. When Mr. Cartwright was last in our midst he gav« us a performance of "Moths" tha- will not re dily by forgotten, and on this occasion the lady star was Miss Olga Nethersole, who has since developed into one of the Old World's leading actresses. "Moths" is a production that in Lss experienced hands than the Cartwright Company might become odious to a degree, but on the whole the present Bijou Company are to be congratulated on their efforts. Mr. Cartwright, a- Prince Zouroff, gave a very finished portraiture, and Miss Beatrice Lamb, if not exact y an ideal Vera, certainly had a correct conception < f the part, and made the most of a somewhat difficult character. The other parts were filled with ability, though natura ly all the good t' ings of the piece centre round the efforts of Mr. Cartwright and Miss Lamb. " Ladies and Gentlemen," said Mr. Ignatius Keogh, coming before the curtain of the Alexandra Theatre on Saturday night last, "I have to announce that Mr. Augustus Glover, who has rehearsed the part of Badger during the week, and was to have played it in 'The Streets of New York' this evening, has not put in an appearance, notwithstanding that he was here this afternoon. However, ladies and gentlemen, you have paid your money to fee 'The Streets of New York,' and Mr. Dan Bany is not going to foist upon you an < Id piece, even though Mr Glover is absent. The part of Badger will be taken tonight at absolutely a moment's notice by a gentleman now in the theatre—a gentleman who played Badger in the old Princess' Theatre probably before Mr. Augustus Glover was born, and I am that gentleman," continued Mr. Keogh, an announcement that brought from the immense audience round upon round of the most deafening and genuiue applause ever heard in this theatre. " While Dan Barry's name is at the head of the Alexandra Company," concluded the speaker, " our patrons need never be afraid, for they will find him equal to all emergencies." Mr. Keogh retired amid a hurricane of applause that made the old house fairly rock and rattle on its foundations. # # # # It is certainly a perilous position to be in for any management to find when the moment to ring-up arrives that one of the principal characters is non est. Not exactly " Hamlet" without the Prince of Denmark, but, as the song says, " Near it, pretty near it." However t the play went on, and if only as a feat of memory— for Mr. Keogh has not played the part for at 1 ast thirty years—the performance was a remarkable one. His every exit and entrance was cheered, and as " Cufl"' was all there regarding the words and business, he succeeded in putting up not only a meritorious but a memorable piece of work, and this, too, at a moment's notice. Now, ye actors and would-be actors who tlxrong the city sidewalks, the veteran has taught us a life long lesson that we trust we may profit by. Of the other characters in the "old-timer," Dan Barry was in his element as Puffy of the tatur can. Mr. Walter Vincent made a capital Livingstone, and Reg Rsde, a rorty- rorty Dan Puffy. As the Giddy Gideon, Mr. Harry Stoneham did splendid work. Misses Lizzie Lawrence, Rita Aslin, Pansy and Ella Montagu, not forgetting Miss Dora Fotheringham, filled the lady part6, and the massive Myrtle Burrell ugain filled, with great success, a pair of men's unmenti nables. The fire scene was admirably managed by Superintendent Steinio Spellinio, and true to our Melbourne fire traditions, there was no water on hand. "Jack the Giant Killer" has again put up a record in the way of huge attendances at the Opera House during the week. This is hardly to be wondered at considering the immense bill-offare that the only Harry Rickards serves up The latest little item to be noted in connection with the Opera House is that Tom Wootwell has had to turn up the part of Merlyn in order to get 'Ome to fulfil other prearrang-d engagements, and Will Whitburn has been coaxed out from the seclusion of his training stables at Caulfield to fill the AYootwell goloshes. Whitburn is a rare popular favourite, and can- ot go wrong in anything he undertakes. Needless to add that he is very much in evidence. J udging by present appearances the end of the run of " Jack th~ Giant Killer" is as far off as when the Rickardian venture jumped off from scratch. DURING the extremely hct weather, which has been so oppressive of late, the Waxworks has cffered a place of refuge which has been teadily availed of by the publi.', both on account of its remarkable coolness, from thirty to forty deg ee3 lower than that in the shade out ir)e, and «ls > on account of the many attractions offered the e to sightseers—General Mite, the Glassblowers, the Giamophone, Professor Da®is' performances, the wax figure portraits, and many others. MISS LOTTIE MOORE, One ot America's favourite eoubrette artiste?, who is appearing as Pansy in Mr. RickardB* Pantomime of " Jack the Giant Killer" at the Opera Bouse. MISS NONI RICKARDS, A daughter of the popular enirtpreneur, who made her debut with the Ca»twright Comedy Company at the B.joa last week in "A Squire ofDamee. - ' T abma photo. 