CHAPTERI XL. " YOU WILL VACATE THESE PREMISES AT YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIERUE." " Well, Gerald, I must confess this is rather tough on you I" Monsieur Correlli remarked, in a voice of undis guised astonishment, as soon as the lawyer disappeared. "I call it down right shabby of Anna to have left you so in the lurch. " It does not matter," returned the elder man, but somewhat coldly; for, despite his feeling of relief over the disposition of herproperty,he experienced a tinge of jealousy towards the more fortunate heir, whose pity was ex cessively galling to him under the circum stances. Although the two men had quarreled just before Monsieur Correlli's departure for New York, all ill- feeling had been ignored in view of their common loss and sorrow, and each had conducted himself with a courteous bearing toward the other during the last few days. "What in the world do you suppose possessed her to make such a will ?" the young man inquired, while he searched his companion's face with keen scrutiny. "And how strange that she should have imagined all of a sudden that she was going to die, and so put her affairs in order I" MIr Goddardsaw thathehad no suspicion of the real state of things, and he had no intention of betraying any secrets if he could avoid doing so. No one-not even her own brother should ever know that Anna had not been his wife. He would do what he could to shield her memory from every reproach, and no one should ever dream that-he could not divest himself of the suspicion-she had died wilfully. Therefore, he replied with apparent frankness : " I think I can explain why she did so. On the day of our return from Wyoming, Anna and I had a more serious quarrel than usual; I never saw her so angry as she was at that time; she even went so far as to tell me that she hated me; and so, I presume, in the heat of her anger, she resolved to cut me off with the proverbial shilling to be revenged upon me." "Well, she has done so with a ven geance," muttered his brother-in-law. "I went to her afterward and tried to make it up," his companion resumed, " but she would have nothing to say to me. She was looking very ill, also, and when the next morning she sent me word that she was not able to join me at break fast, I went again to her door and begged her to allow me to send for Doctor Hunt, but she would not even admit me.' " What was this quarrel about ?" " Oh, almost all our quarrels have been about a certain document which has 'long been a bone of contention between us, and this one was an outgrowth from the same subject." " Was that document a certificate of marriage ?" craftily inquired Emil Cor relli. "Yes." " Gerald, were you ever really married to Anna ?" demanded the young man, bending towards him with an eager look. His companion flushed hotly at the question, and yet it assured him that he did not really know just what relations his sister had sustained towards him. " Isn't that a very singular question, Emil? " he inquired, with a cool dignity that was very effective. "What led you to ask it? " "Something that Anna herself once said to me suggested the thought," Emil replied. "I know, of course, the cir comstances of your early attachment that for her you left another woman whom you had taken to Rome. I once asked Anna the same question, but she would not answer me directly - she evaded me in a way to confirm my sus picions rather than to allay them. And now this will-it seems very strange that she should have made it if- " '" Pray, Emil, do not distress yourself over anything so absurd," coldly inter posed Gerald Goddard, but with almost hueless lips. "However, if you continue to entertain doubts upon the subject, you have but to go to the Church of the-the next time you visit Rome, ask to see the records for the year 18-, and you will find the marriage of your sister jduly recorded there." " I beg your pardon," apologised the doubter, now fully reassured by the above shrewdly fashioned answer, "but Anna was always so infernally jealous of you, and made herself so wretched over the fear of losing your affection, that I could think of no other reason for her foolish ness. Now, about this will," he added, hastily changing the subject,and referring to the document. " I don't feel quite right to have all Anna's fortune, in addi tion to my own, and no doubt the poor girl sould have repented of her rash act if she could have lived long enough to get over her anger and realise what she was doing. I don't need the money, and, Gerald, I am willing to make over some thing to you, especially as I happen to know that you have sunk the most of your money in unfortunate speculations," the young man concluded, MIr Goddard's sad, white face appealing to his generosity in spite of their recent difference. "Thank you, Emil," he quietly re plied, "hbut I cannot accept your very kind offer. Since it was Anna's wish that you should have her property, I prefer that the will should stand exactly as hes made it. I cannot take any of the money-mnot even what 'the law would allow,' in view of our relations to each other." Those last words were uttered in a tone of peculiar bitterness that caused Mon sieur Correlli to regard him curiously. "Pray do not take it to heart like that, old boy." he said kindly, after a moment, "and let me persuade you to accept at least a few thousands.'" "Thank you, but I cannot. Please do not press the matter, for my decision is unalterable." "But how the deuce are you going to get along 1" questioned the young man. " I shall manage very well," was the grave rejoinder. "I have a few hundreds which will suffice for my present needs, and, if my hands have not lost their cun ning, I can abundantly provide for my future by means of my profession. B. the way, what are your own plans I if I may enquire." He concluded to change the subject. The young man paled at the question, and an angry frown settled upon his brow. "I am going to return immediate;y to New York-I am bound to find that girl," he said, with an air of sullen resolution. " Then you were not successful in your search," MIr Goddard remarked, dropping his lids to hide the flash of satisfaction that leaped into his eyes at the words. " No, and yes. I found out that she arrived safely in New York, where she was met by a young lawyer-Royal Bryant by name-who immediately spi rited her away to some place after dodg ing the policeman I had set on her track. I surmise that he has put her ii. the care of some of his own friends. I went to him and demanded that he tell me where she was, but I might just as well have tried to extract information from a stone as from that astute disciple of the law. lie finally intimated that my room would be better than my company, and that I might hear from him later on." "Ah I he has doubtless taken her case in hand -she has chosen him as her attorney," said Mr Goddard. "It looks like it," snapped the young man; " but he will not find it an easy matter to tree her from me ; the marriage was too public and too shrewdly man agetdto be successfully contested." "It was the most shameful and das tardly piece of villainy that I ever heard of," exclaimed Gerald Goddard, indig nantly, "and-" "And you evidently intend to take the girls part against me," sneered his com panion, his anger blazing forth hotly. "If I remember rightly, you rather ad mired her yourself." "I certainly did; she was one of the purest and sweetest girls I ever met," was the dignified reply. "Emil, you have not a ghost of a chance of support ing your claim if the matter comes to trial, and I beg that you will quietly relinquish it without litigation," he con cluded, appealingly. "Not if I know myself," was the defiant retort. "But that farce was no marriage." " All the requirements of the law were fulfilled, and I fancy that anyone who attempts to prove to the contrary will find himself in deeper water than will be comfortable, in spite of your assertion that I 'have not a ghost of a chance.'" "Possibly, but I doubt it. All the same, I warn you, here and now, Cor relli, that I shall use what influence I have toward freeing that beautiful girl from your power," Mr Goddard affirmed, with an air of determination not to be mistaken. "Do you mean it-you will publicly appear against me if the matter goes into court I" " I do." The young man appeared to be in a white rage for a moment; then, snapping his fingers defiantly in his companson's face,he cried: "Do your worst I do not fear you; you can trove nothing." " No, I have no absolute proof, but I can at least give the court the benefit of my suspicions and opinion." " What! and compromise your dead wife before a scandal-loving public ?' " Emil, if Anna could speak at this moment, I believe she would tell the truth herself, and save that innocelit and lovely child from a fate which to her must seem worse than death," AMr Goddard solemnly asserted. "Thank you-you are, to say the least, not very flattering to me in your comparisons," angrily retorted Monsieur Correlli, as he sprang from his chair and moved toward the door. Ho stopped as he laid his hand upon the silver knob and turned a white, vin dictive face upon the other. "Well, then," he said, between his white, set teeth, "since you have deter mined to take this stand against me, it will not be agreeable for us to meet as heretofore, and I feel compelled to ask you to vacate these premises at your very earliest convenience." " Very well I I shall of course imme diately comply with your request. A few hours will suffice me to make the move you suggest," frigidly responded Gerald Goddard, but he had grown ghastly white with wounded pride and anger at being thus ignominiously turned out of the house, where for so many years he had reigned supreme. Emil Correlli bowed as he concluded, and left the room without a word in reply. (To be Continusd). 