TASMANIAN-BRED STEEPLE CHASERS. By OORAKACH. The liberal programme framed and pub lished by the V.R.C. for its annual Grand National Meeting is of especial iuterest to breeders and owners of Tasmanian cross country horses, inasmuch as these are the only class of horses raised in Tasmania of late years that seem to have the ghost of a show of annexing any of the rich prizes given by the leading racing clubs of the other colonies. In fact, I think it may be fairly claimed for the Tasmanian-bred steeplechasers that they are, on the whole, superior to the 'chasers bred in the other colonies, especially when we consider how very few jumping horses are trained in Tasmania, compared with the number trained on the mainland and in New Zea land. But just as the Irish-bred cross country horses can more than hold their own in England, so can the Tasmanian-bicd jumpers at least hold their own in Aus tralia. And it is a remarkable fact that in Tasmania, as in Ireland, nearly all the best steeplechasers are bred by farmers aud other small breeders, and not in any of the I latere studs. I cannot call to mind any Tas I maniau steeplechasers of note, excepting Turpin and Kangaroo, that were bred in any of the large studs in the island colony. Denmark, Sir Wilfred, May Be, Native, Quicklight, and Britomarte "were all bred by farmers or other small breeders, and nearly every one of those named graduated i as backs or hunters before they [ carried silk on a racecourse. And I have known of many a grand stamp of a cross-country horse in Tasmania that | began and ended his days of usefulness as a hack or harness horse. In such instances religious scruples, or other prejudices against all forms of horse racing, were re sponsible for the non- trial of such horses, as the owners would neither race them selves nor sell their horses to anyone who would race them, and yet, strange to say, these are the very class of people who often breed really good horses. But then, where only an odd horse is'bred on a farm, he is generally a si0erior animal-for cross country purpoJseg to' those bred ill large studs, although; perhaps, not as clean bred so far as! a. long ,apd / friflhibnable pedigree is concenje3. Still it "is an bpeii' question whether a steeplechase horse is any the better for Hieing thoroughbred.,. ' Anyhow, a strain of tlie Arab in ihe tiack lines of his pedigree ie, I think, more beneficial than otherwise, for some famous jumpers in all the colonies have been greys with Arab blood in their veins. But, unfortunately, the Arab strain has nearly died out in [Tasmania, where many of the thorough breds have been degenerated into worthless Meeds - worthless, unless as "gambling machines" at some pony race meeting, where roguery is rampant, aud blacklegs abound. For I doubt if anything tends more to injure the horse-breeding interests of a country, and at the game time de moralise the rising generation, than pony race meetings, run for purely gambling purposes, _ as most of them are. Tasmania is not Btrong in cross-country horses at present, so far as those iii training are concerned, although there are plenty of, I promising 'chasers to be found on the farms { ) in the north-west of the island. But of those j jin work, Montrose and Medicine are about! ' the only two that are likely to be heard of j , in connection with Grand National honours, j The first named is one of the best stamps of a steeplechase horse bred in Tasmania | of late years, and when thoroughly fit is as good as he looks. Old Medicine, who '? so signally failed to distinguish himself i j when trained by Thos. Wilson in Victoria,! j has recently won the only two steeple- j ? chases for which he competed in his own I , country, where the home training seems to | jsuit him, and it is just within the bounds' | of possibility that the old fellow may yet j annex a V.K.C. Grand National. Brito marte has not recovered from the injuries she received when running for the Great j j Eastern Steeplechase at Oukaparinga on Easter Monday, and it is doubtful if the game black mare will ever race again. Of the Tasmanian hurdleracers, J.F., Jeua,! Acorn, Tidal, and old Christinas -Carol : stand out above all others, although Fair- j thorn and little Sheet Anchor are both worthy of respect. But should City Band, I a fine-looking son of Mozart, bred aud! owned by Mr. Talbot, of Mil abide, be again tried over the battens, and if he takes kindly to the game, there is but little I doubt but that he will eoon be hailed Tas: mania's champion hUfdleracer, as he has ? been shoving excellent form of late on the flat. ' J 