TIMELY TALK. |1V; Miss D. A. Cabot in "Canterbury Times."! American 'women have shown their pa triotism in a very practical way during the recent war. While the more frivolous ones were choosing summer gowns, belts and hat bands of red, white, and blue, the more thoughtful ones absolutely refused to buy Spanish goods of any description. For a shopkeeper to praise anything that came fiom Spain was almost to risk loss of custom, so that, those who had a large stock ot .these goods on their bands must have lost seriously on them. Spanish olives and Spanish lace, though very highly prized not long ago, were refused with scorn, and womei: asked for American goods, or failing these for British. This example of the American women might wfl] be followed by colonial women in encouraging the manufac ture of colonial goods. I am told that the duality of colonial-made goods is inferior. As if that could be a sufficient reason for not buying tjhem. Why do .ve not. demand tlu.t they shall equal the English - made article? Immediately we come to the real reason of the inferiority—want of technical training 011 the part of the operatives. Then Ir.; ir- insist that our young people shall have thorough training. Here i« a real and most womanly task for us, and it concerns us very closely, ('an we not effect some in provcuient in existing conditions. It is worth attempting, surely. let us then unite in demanding to be supplied with such colonial manufactures as there are, in preference to imported ones, and let us also demand that they be equul 111 quality to the best made anywhere. Mr. Henry Lucy—"Toby. M.P."—has not studied the woman question in vain., At the recent "New Vagabond'' dinner he re sponded to the toast of "The Ladies,'- and rose to the occasion in a way that elicited great applause. He began by observing that "We women were not behindhand in the march of civilization," and went 011 to say that women wore piand-up collars, they rode, •-hot, and did not insist upon having side-saddles. If they were prettv—as most of ! horn were, he gallantly added—they sat in a boat, while their male friends rowed them amongst the most silent reaches of the silver Thames. They solved acrostics for inadequate prizes, wrote plays and navels. Nearly all the "proper" novels of the day were writ-ten by them. This is very funny, and, perhaps, good enough for jut after-dinner speech;,but, as everybody kiwvs, women have, some time ago, aban doned the "sex novel" to the neglect it so greatly merits, and no authoress worthy the name'would think of spoiling fair white paper by concocting the garbage that, a few years ago, was to be found occupying the most favoured position on the bookseller's counter and the drawing-room table. Our taste has once more become normal, and : only antiseptic literature is tolerated to-day -save, of course, among the moribund cult Df -the neurotic and liyBterical. It is a familiar old adage that "what is hoi-n and bred in a man sticks to him," and nothing is more true than that the educa tion received in the home is indelibly stamped on the children of that home. It is not necessary that the home should be rich with costly furniture, but what is ne cessary iis that it should be immaculately clean, that beautiful thoughts "and manners and beautiful daily living, should be found there. Many mothers, with a very wrong sense of what constitutes economy, keep tlieir best china locked up for special occa sions, or for visitors only. The parlour is a mystery tb the children, and its drawn blinds and closed door enforces upon them Hie fact that it is not a living room. And whbh the children grow up, they keep their kitchen manners and bearing. ' With gir'e at inav'not be such an important matter, '4SS for girl-nature is.more rereatile than boy nattire. The girl, and especially tiie colo nial girl, will adapt Herself to- her surround-; ings in a remarkably sliort time, and wijl comport herself in the presence of royalty with dignity and propriety, but the boys. are different. They rarely lose the rough ness of their early training, and nice man ner^, Bavc in a few, exceptional boys, are difficult of acquirement. Hence it is well to insist on good manners for daily use in the home, and the mother who is sweet and gracious, gentle and good, charitable in her judgments and quick in lier sympathies, is r sowing in her children's hearts the seeds of nobility that,will .ultimately blossom intd that manhood,' ;that womanhood, which alone can make, them useful citizens. Those bacteria again! How they inter fere with our pet extravagance, dog your footsteps, poisop our pleasure, and cast a glooin over everything. A.hospital nurse' has denounced the silken ' pettieoat—that garment beloved.of all women; and now our innocent pride in its rich frou-frou lias de parted. Instead of being a • cherished possession, we fly far from it'on account, of the danger lurking 'within its folds and finely-pleated frills • and flounces. These gather up the genus of tuberculosis, measles, and the like, and introduce them into the family circle,.so we are told. The reasou why the silk petticoat is fixed upon for condemnation is owing to its being un wnshable. A woman who owns one or two of these garments wears them constantly, and as washing would' "spoil, them they be coiue perfect harbours for poison germs. The same objection does,not hold with re gard to the skirts of wboilen- dresses,,he-, cause women lift them if they are over long. The silk petticoat,-' however,'"is: hgver lifted, and it gathers up the sputum - of a sufferer from tuberculosis as the wearer walks along the pavement or down' the steps at. railway stations or. other build ings. . If the skirt were washed when soiled the danger would be greatly lessened; as it is, the poison is disseminated by degrees at her own fireside, and then people wonder where' the illness has been caught. The moral of this is, never wear uuwashable underclothing of any kind. In spite of all people say about the beauty of . the silk petticoat, it must be confessed that the white one, with its dainty freshness, is far preferable. As for the cost of laundering two or three such skirts a week, it is as nothing compared to the cost of inlroduc ine one disease into the home. j The elastic hat-fastener of our childhood's i days is coming into vogue-again, and one I naturally wonders whether the hair is to ! descend from its lofty position 011 the top I of the hair and reappear once more below J the hat brim. Certainly the soft coil on which the hat is permitted to rest is much . more becoming to many women than the fussy mop which French women have de creed should disguise the shape of the head j for the time being. A few adventurous j women, whom fortune has favoured with heads of the lovely type immortalised by ltossetti and bis disciple-Burae-Jones, have already let their hair drop into a natural position. It will Ire long, however, before the fashion becomes general. In the mean time the graceful and becoming-band of narrow black velvet finds a great many admirere, and with, cur- enlarged ideas as to the ugliness of the narrow elastic band, we may, perhaps,- adopt- the black velvet instead. It js interesting to notice liow people bow when they greet each other, . Among wo men. especially, a. good deal of insight, jean be gleaned as to the- character and disposi .tion of individuals. There is the yt'oman who merely moves her eyebrows by way of salutation, as well as the* 'large natured matron who smiles a eracious gre^'ti»g that is of the nature of a benediction. Another gives a pert little bob of her millinery* covered head, but 011 her face there is not the faintest ghost of a sinile, and you won der if she saw you or mcitly attempted to dislodge a fly from the tip of her nose. The how that is a. real inclination of the body is very rare now-n-days. Perhaps the sub stitution of steel for whalebone in corsets has some faint connection with it. Then there are the effusive bow, which makes you wish yon had not encountered it: the supercilious bow, which means, "I don't want to make an enemy of you, but it's a great nuisance to have to see you," and the "really glad to meet vou" bow, which acts like a tonic, and makes you wonder what has suddenly made you feel so happy. There is a great deal in the way a woman hows. What' is more, she cannot help herself, 1ml will reveal her character in the act, dis guise it how she may. 