SIX DAYS' ARISTOCRAT. Lady to oeo you, sir.' : Stevens, my head clerk, popped his head . into my sanctum ono afternoon with his intimation. ' Now, look here, Stevens, I said angrily, 'I thought I told you I was not to bo disturbed by any ono this afternoon. Who is she?' 'Well, sir, that's tho curious part of tho business. She refuses to tell me but she has sent you hor card ' — he holding out a sealed envolopc — ' and told mo to say her business of extreme importance, so I; thought Bir, that possibly you might- ' Oh, all right,' I interrupted, cutting short his apologies. Show her in.' I hud torn open the onvelope, and I confess that my irritation vanished at tho sight of the name on the card. It was that of the Countess of M In another minute sho entered, and I was bowing her to a chair. Sho was dressed entirely in black, and when tho thiok voil which concealed her features was lifted, I noticed that hor oyes boro traces of recent weoping. It wan apparent that oven now she was considcr- ablyexcited. 'Before I toll you my errand, Mr. Gilvray,' I should like to ask you a question,' she commenced. ' Have you any reason for supposing I am not the person whose name is not on that card ?' She drew horsolf up with such an air of pride and dignity while Baying this, as. if inviting and, at the same time, defying criticism, that 1 eyed her rather curiously before replying. I scented developments. Certainly not, your ladyship — and if I may bo so presumptuous I would add that that is rather a strange question. May I inquire what prompted it V I had not the slightest donbt in my own mind as to her identity. Tear stained though they were, it was not difficult to recognise the lineaments of the- young beauty whoso portrait had graced tho pages of all the society journals on the occasion of her marriage, now rather more than a yeur ago. 'I know it is ; and had you told mo a week ago that I should be here to-day with such an inquiry on my lips, I should either have thought you insane or myself dreaming- But listen. Two duys ago I returned to England from the Continent, where I have been for some weeks. Of course I wrote to my husband telling him of my intention, and expected the car riage at the station to meet me. To my surprise it was not there, and I lutd to take a cab to the Hull. ' On arrival home I was greeted with an extraordinary display on the part of the domestics. Looks of aetoiiislunent were visible on their fuces, nnd whispers passed from one to another. Whatever are you staring at, Hensoii ?' I said, crossly, to rny maid. ' Am I 11 ghost, that you could take stock of me in this fashion V She made no reply, however, but continued to gaze at me in open mouthed wonder; and I brushed by Iter angrily to my boudoir. ' I pushed open the door, and then stopped, spellbound. I should have given a little cry but tho sound retusou to come. A woman had risen from a chair my favourite chair — and was saying in freezing tones — ' May I ask to what 1 am indebted for this intrusion V ' My eyes ! my hair ! my face nnd, most curious of all, my voice ' . . . was I dreaming No, fur she repeated her question, this time in a slightly raised tono. An exact counterpart of myself in every particular ; what was she doing here! To bo brief, sho hod the uudooity to Bcouse me of being nil impostor, who was taking advantngo of the extraordinary resemblance which I bore to herself to enter tho house with felonious intentions. I retorted that one of us most certainly was an impostor, but I thought she pos sessed that honour. 'Tho servants, as I have said, were dumbfounded, and any appeals to them were worse than useless, so well did she carry off her assumption. The upshot of it was that I was forced to submit to the ignominy of being turned out of my own house.' 'But, pardon me, Countess,' I inter rupted, 'I think I understood you to sav that this occurred two days ago. IV hat of the meantime 1 . . . . your husband 1' 'Deceived, like the rest. I have written to him three times, but the letters must bavo been intercepted I think. Of course, if I could sec him, only for a minute, but I imagine all knowledge of the affair has been kept from him.' Well, after a few more questions, she went on. A strange business, you suy ! Yes ; it smacks more of the flavour of a romantic novel rather than a natural nineteenth contury episode. Aud yet I believed it ; tho manner of the woman somehow carried conviction with it. After all, the problem was not so very diffioult of solution. It was the question of motive that puzzled me— until I remembered — but no, wait. No woman would place herself in such a situation out of shoer bravado ; that much was assured. Next day I travelled down to Dart- shire, whore the Earl of M's aiieestralv home is situated, and took up my quartors at the little village inn, having ostensibly come to the neighbourhood for a week's quiet and rest. I had not long to wait for n sight of the .' soidisant ' Countess. I came across her driving through the village, and it drew an ejaculation of surprise from me involuntarily. Never could I have imagined two women to be so closely alike. The likeness was startling — the same height, the same clear-cut aristocra tic features, hair not differing a shade in colour. But what a risky game to play. .She must have acquired a tremendous amount of knowledge in regard to t he household and its ways to be able to sustain tho character for a minute, and even now the hair which held the sword suspended over her head might snap at any moment. The slightest thing— a word slipped out hi error, or some little circumstance which she ought to know and did not — would do it. : ,As jfcxikaned, however the Earl was yery .ipuch occupied with electoral busi- xjpss jp.the county at the time, and rarely returned home till late at night, which, of course, facilitated her audacious imposture. I did not waste time. On tho present occasion I thought I might do worse than expend what slight talent I possessed in tho gentle art of wooing her ladyship's maid Henson. Like tho rest of her sex, sho was not averse to flattery, and sho was literally bubbling over with surprises ns to the strange woman who so much resembled hor uiistress, it required vory little exer tion on my part to get from her all sho knew. And what do you think put tho key to tho mystery in my hands 1 Chance, pure and simple. I had mot the maid by appointment ono evening, and when wo returned to the hall after an exceedingly pleasant walk, she suddenly thrust her hand into her pocket and remembered that Iter mistress had given hor a letter to post in tho village. She had impressed it upon hor that it was exceedingly impor tant it should go that night, and tho girl was greatly distressed at her mistake. Howovcr, what was simpler than for me to post it whon I got back ? The landlady of tho inn vory obligingly supplied mo with a kettle of boiling water, and I soon had it open. It was a decidedly laconic epistle ; I give it you verbatim : — Friday night, ten o'clock. Froneu windows, broakfnst-rooni. It was addressed, in a very good imita tion of the Countess's handwriting, to 16, Wardour-street, NAY., and bore the family crest on the envelope. Tho first tiling I did was to take a copy of it. Then I replaced in tho envelope, carefully rcscaled it, and committed it to the tender mercies of the postal authorities. It was too late then to telegraph, but next rporning I despatched a wire to my man : ' Ascertain what sort of person lives 16, Wardour-street, NAV., and wire particulars as quickly as possible.' During the day I got a reply- It said : ' Cannot discover anything definite, but judging from surroundings and habits, shady character.' I so far departed from my usual custom ns to indulge in a little self-con gratulatory chuckle. Hor reason for w riting the letter was obvious, but it was a mistake — one that was liko to cost her dear. Evidently, it was necessary her confederate should visit her, and she had been waiting for a convenient time, until the Earl should he well out of the way. I had something over twenty-four hours to decide upon my plan of action, and I puzzled long as to the best way of ' circumventing them. Of course, 1 could go to the Earl now if I liked, and tell ' him what J knew. But would lie believe it? No. I should simply get turned out 1 of the house for my pains, the alarm would he given, anil the precious impostor ' would take tho next convenient opportun- ' it y for flight, which did not suit my , purpose at all. There would just lie time for a wire to the Countess. I sent it. She arrived 1 late on Friday afternoon, cnrefully muffled up and disguised. About half-past, eight that night a man nnd woman might have been seen walking in the direction of the Hall. I 1 sent up my card— I need not explain 1 that they were myself and the Countess nnd vo were admitted, to make sure of the Earl's presence, I had earlier in the day seen him, told him who I was, and sufficiently excited his curiosity as to "et- liim to promise me an interview nt that time. 1 did not explain that 1 should bring a companion, and ns soon the sjivaut had left us, she, as agreed upon, concealed herself behind some hangings. The Earl walked in. 'Now, sir, you say you are a detective, nnd have some thing of importance to say to me, but which, strange to say, _ could not he said this morning. "What is it !' 'Might I request, your lordship, that the CouuUks be present at our interview ?' He raised his eyebrows at this, but, without i p -aking a word, touched a bell. " Ask the Countess to be good enough to step here,' lie said to the servunt. She came— smiling, aristocratic, the lady of rank to perfection. ' Proceed, sir.' Ehc glanced tit me almost imperceptibly as ho said this, and if she felt a touch of apprehension, she instantly concealed it. I thought it best to come' to the point at once. 'Mv lord, I huve a very painful disclosure to make to you. 1 ou are under 'lie impression that thai lady is vour wife. She is not.' What ?' The way in which he roared out- that one word made me admire him. 'By Heaven, sir, I do not know whether you mean what you are saying.' 'J repeat my statement, your lordship. J am a detective, and it is not my business to say things which I cannot substantiate.' She had gone up to him with an appealing gesture, and he placed his arm around her tenderly. It was all verv prettily done, hut I continued remorselessly : — ' Might 1 ask your lordship whether you have uuy friend or acquaintance whose address is 16, AVardour (Street, NAY.?' She blanched at that. I think she saw the game was up, but still she tried to brave it it out. ' Look here,' lie broke in angrily, ' J 'in in no mood for trifling. I've heard .some thing of this cock-and-bull talc in tho village, and it's time it was put a stop to. I'm going to ask you one question, and I give you fuir warning that, detective, or no detective, if you eaniiot answer it satisfactorily, you shall linvo the best horsewhipping you ever had in your life. Yoa say that is not my wife pnxhioe her.' ' Very good.' I drew the curtains aside, and out stepped the countess. They stood face to lace — two women of one form, two statues out of the same mould. The Earl looked from one fo the other, and the across at me, a pict ore of lielplessne.'s. Then the Countess went up to him and whispered something in his ear. some little interesting domestic detail which only concerned their two selves. He glanced down at her. 'Claire! — heavens! what a hidious mistake.' I heard a sound behind them. A brief struggle and I succeeded in wresting from the baffled imposter's gru.sp a small bottle which she was holding to her lips. A pair ef handcuffs effectually cheeked any further suicidul intentions. But the druma was not played out. 1 proposed an adjournment to the break- fast-room, where tho last scono was |c " I had given tho Countess minute di tions as to her part, and after seein g t tho fastenings of the windows was undone, tho Earl nnd I concealed our selves. AVo had so secured tho woman in tho other room tlint sho would bo powerless to either do hnrself any harm or give tho alnrm. Shortly after ten, a slight tapping was heard on the window- framo. The room was in semi-darkness. Tho Countess responded, nnd a moment later a man enmo in warily. ' Is it all right ?' he asked, and sho nodded. I advised her not to speak more than was necessary. A few more question to which she replied by nods and monosyllables, and lie began to extract from his pockets various littlo parcels wrapped up in white tissue paper. These he opened one by one, nnd placed on the table. I felt the Earl give a movemont of surprise beside me. Ho had finished and was pointing to them admiringly, when I crept stealthily bohind him — the Earl rushed on him from tho front — wo had him socured before he realised what was happening. The light was turned up. Pointing to tho articles on the table, I asked the Earl if ho knew them. ' The diamonds ! hy all that's wonder ful,' lie ejaculated. ' AATell, not exactly,' I replied, ' but a capital imitation of them in paste nnd worthless gold. The lady who bears such a remarkable resemblance to your wife is a swindler of tho first degree. The real Countess being out of the country, she anticipated her return by a day or two, and played her part so successfully as to be Countess herself for six days at any rato, aided vory much, of course, by the fact of your lengthy nbsences from home on political business. The first tiling she did was to convey tho family jewels to her confederate. Ho has either made, or caused to be made, duplicates of the originals, which do inlinate credit to the workman, as I'm sure you'll allow. If the scheme had been successful, the duplicates would have taken the place of the genuine jewels, which would have vanished along with tho soi-disant Countess and her accomplice by the first train after this hour. They did not take them straight awav, for tho simple reason that in such a hue-and-cry as the theft of the celebrated M diamonds would cause, it would be well-nigh impossible to dispose of tliein. As it was the substitution would probably not have been discovered for some time, nnd there would have been ample opportunity to convert them into money. 'AA'ell, that's about all. The only thing that grieved me was that they were never prosecuted. The Earl was too anxious to cover up the affair— in i fact, I believe lie gave them each a handsome douceur to keep quiet, although I told him he was laying hiuiself ojien to future blackmail. You think 1 have been drawing the , long bow, but let me tell you that truth is invariably stranger than fiction. Yes, yes, it's a platitude, I'm aware, but it fits ; the present case to a nicety. 