COMPLETE STORY. [FUBLX5EED BY fiprrriT. A£KiX0E)£EST.]"r. MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, CLARA MULHOLLAND, Author of " A Striking Contrast," "Kathleen ' ^ jUarournccn," <Src., fire. [COPTEIOHT.] HAD been fefeling far from Tvell for some time. ■ A sharp attack of influenza, follow cd by a still sharper touch of pneumonia, had weakened and depressed xnc. .Change of air aud scene, with plenty of variety aud. amuse ment, was absolutely necessary for me, the doctor declared. If I d'd not get this soon he feared the consequences. I smiled sadlr. ' aud: looked at my mother. " We are not rich, doctor. My father conld hot afford to take us all away, and to go any where alone would be too dreary." " Most certainly, and not to be thought of for a moment." "Then I must stay at home, take oy tonic, and hope for the best." And I heaved a deep sigh, little dreaming of the delightful invitation that was even then on its way to me. My mother's only sister bad married a wealthy man without business or profession. They. had no children, and as they were both fond of travel and excitement, had no settled home. They wandered here, there, *and everywhere. And often for a year or more, we had no idea whether they were in Europe, India, or America. Eight months had now elapsed, since my aunt had last written, and it was therefore with extreme pleasure that I (the very day after the doctor's visit) received a letter from her, announcing her arrival in London. She and Uncle Tom were tired of roaming about, she said, and had made up their minds to stay in England for the next two" or three years at least, and had rented a furnished house in \- Yorkshire, where they intended to reside as much as possible. " TVe are anxious, for once, to spend a happy English Christmas," she wrote, "and have invited a number of friends to come to: us both before, for, and after that time. Wo are to hare constant relays of visitors all ibrongh the winter. Our first December 8, so you must meet us on the seventh, and travel with us up to Cleere Hall. _ I will expect you to stay all the time, as I must have someone young and pretty to help me to entertain my guests and make things pleasant. So be sure you come without fad, dearest Celia. Tell your parents, with my love, that they must do without you for o Christmas. f '"Your loving " . "Ausr Cahbt." " P.S.—Be sure you bring plenty of smart crocks,' as *wc shall be more than gay. I ] enclose cheque to cover all expenses." I This, was delightful. The very thing J ;ranted, and most joyfully 1 set to work to prepare for my visit. This, thanks to tnr; aunt's generosity, I was able to. do iu a magnificent maimer, and on the day mentioned by her, I left the rectory with a trousseau the like of which I had never dreamed it possible to possess, and with which I perfectly enchanted. The journey into Yorkshire was accom plished with ease and comfort; and my aunt, uncle, and I arrived at CIcevc Hall in excellent time that afternoon. "Wc looked out eagerly as we approached our new abode, and as we dryye through the old wrought iron gates, up a I&i;>g aveuue, — tilled with admiration. Clccvc Hall. Ktood in the midst of a fine park, and was surrounded upon all sides by noble oaks, tall limes, and stately waring firs. It was an irregularly built, but picturesque, mansion of red brick, with large bay windows and wide balconies. The lawns were well laid out and planted'witb such a variety of beautiful evergreens that even in the dusk of u December afternoon the place did not look as desolate ana dreary as one would have expected. Inside, the house was luxurious, una was furnished throughout with such excellent taste that my aunt and uncle were delighted. That evening we dined alone, and as I was weary and tired after zny journey and unusual excitement I bade "Good night" early and retired to bed. Mr room was a curious one, and my feelings upon entering it were not altogether agreeable. The bed, which stood in an" alcove, was draped with blue silk curtains; the walls were hung with tapestry of quaint design; a large bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfec* staircase of steps leading up to it, occupied all one end; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin wood filled up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon the dressing-table, but their light was not sufficient to illuminate the distant comers, and I grew somewhat r^rrous as I peered into their unfathomable depths. " Grandeur is not always pleasant," I said with a shiver. " I was more comfort able and heppy in my ovrn little poorly furnished, roam at home than in this fine chamber.?* ' . Then* laughing at myself for being so silly, I hurriedly, made my preparations for the night, blew* out the candles, and crept into For some time I lay watching the firelight upon the walls and ceiling, and then a drowsy numbness stole over me, and I fell asleep. But all at once a noise like the tapping or fluttering of a bird against the windows startled me, and I sat up agitated and op pressed. The' room was now in tomplete darkness. The fire had died dowu in the grate; the window curtains were closely drawn. Then suddenly, out of the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the figure of a yonng girl, clad in a simple white dress, a blue ribbon round her waist, came gliding softly across the floor, And stood at the foot of ror bed, gazing at me with sad, sweet appealing eyes. I tried to speak to her, but my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, and - no sonnd came forth, as I marvelled who she could be, and how she had entered the room. The door was shut, the window fust boltbd. But as I wondered, her lips parted, and in a low but distinct voice she whispered, '■To-morrow you will meet one who has suffered much. Too will know him by his pale, proud face, and melancholy eyes. I destroyed his happiness—you must restore it. Be kind~be kind." I gazed at her,* trembling, and tried to speak; but ere I could reply her form faded, became shadowy, indistiuct, then vanished, leaving the room in darkness as before. I felt sick and faint. A cold perspiration stood upon my brow, and. T lay with dilated eyes staring 'into the gloomy corners, afraid to move, afraid almost to breathe—wondering who t-h'* strange visitant could be, and how she had managed to enter my room. Then gradually my terror subsided. It was one of the scrrants playing a trick, or walking in her sleep, I told myself. She must have entered by the door whilst I slept. To-morrow I would complain to the house keeper—and better still lock the door—and then I need have no fear. Agitated and excited I tossed from side to side upon my pillow, the strauge words I had just heard ringing in ray caw. "It is absurd—I will think of them no longer," I cried. "And I shall take good care never to hear them again. A girl in the habit of sleep-walking should bo watched, and not allowed to wander at will through a house at night. I wished I dared get up and follow her. But," shivering, "I dare not. I " And then, at last, utterly worn out, I fell asleep ouco more. Whcu I next awoke, the morning sun was shining brightly in at tho window. The curtains had been drawn aside; my bath filled: my walking dress laid ready upon' a chair. My aunt's maid had evidently been in, but had gone away without disturbing rae. Surprised, that I should have slept so soundly and so long, I sprang up and, dressing hurriedly, ran down to the dining room. where I found my aunt and nncle be ginning breakfast. Aunt Carry and I spent a pleasant morning wandering over, the old house, and many and curious were the things il contained. "This, now. isacharmingrooni," cried my aunt, leading the way into a small inner drawing-room. "This I shall keep as my own particular sanctum.** It was a delightful little boudoir, panelled in white wood, a wide oriel window, and a finely-carved chimney-piecc covered with exquisite old china. Over the fireplace, framed into the wall, was a very beautifully painted portrait, and I started and trembled as I met the sad sweet eyes, of the girl who had appeared so strangely at the foot of my bed the night before.** "Why, child,** said Aunt < Carry,one would think you had seen a ghost. That pretty portrait seems to alarm and fascinate you. * You look quite pale." "Whoisshe?" I gasped. "Doesshe live here?** - "Certainly not, and who she is I cannot tell you. Some daughter of the hou>e.' Bnt we took the place through* an agent and know nothing of the family. She looks charming, I think." " Yes—very.** " And this embroidery, Celia—isn't it ex quisite 'i And this piece of Sevres ? ■ OhI must fetch Tom to look at this.'" Audas my aunt went away to find her. husband, I sank upon a cbair, my eyes riveted upon the pic ture. Then hearing my aunt and undo re turning I escaped upstairs. On the first landing I met Aunt Carry's maid. „ •I have taken your things into a smaller aud pleasautcr room, Hiss Celia,*''she said. " Your aunt thought tho one you slept in last night too big and gloomy." "Oh, tbauk you," I cried. And with a sigh of relief I followed her into a charming daintily furnished little room,' looking out upon the flower garden. " I shall say nothing of what I saw or dreamt last night," I decided, looking round me with pleasure. "Ishall bs happy here and sleep peacefully. They might laugh and jeer—perhaps tell the guests as they arrive—and that I could not stand. I shall forget tho whole thing as fast, as I can." At tea time that afternoon a merry party gathered together in the old oak panelled ball, aud I was duly presented to the newly arrived visitors. When I had recovered from my first shy ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round the room. The company included persons of rarious ages. There were elderly matrons and their husbands, young girls, and several unmarried man. Bat not one corresponded with the description given to me by my ghostly visitant. There were dark men and fair—many jovial light-hearted fel lows—and one or two witn an air of blase discontent. But nowhere did I see the " pale I proud face with melancholy eyes.'/ - ,Upon [convincing myself .of this, I heaved a sigh of relief, and laughing at my folly in thinking seriously of what must have been a dream, I | joined in the lively chatter that was going on around me. - \ > That evening I put on a'pretty white silk, with a hunch of scarlet berries at my breast, and ran down to the drawing-room before dinner, feeling well pleased with myself. .1 was looking quite my best, and reflected with a satisfied smile that at all events my aunt would have no reason to be ashamed of .her niece. 1 My dear Celia, you really look charm- | ing," was Aunt Carry's greetingasl entered. ia » dinner, and I see tliat you are extremely nico to Jiim " fead sSot'ssSS pouring in, one after the other - But no one appeared »>»«« t t»«,i .. • • -"Utno met.°*4uite^ati'ficd " 't'T lZ* aS>> her words, I ^ talking to ! "Potion of Another guest! My hands trembled and es refined-looldiijr man. SThurried acrett my annt, with outstretched band not waited far ma ?" i-on luivc Mr OonV-^' yt°D m ln "rcellent time Gorm?-my niece, Mies Lind™.-" 3Ir'| wfthlT H ill at ca&? Whonl !£?*;_? S™ i'nd Bat it Z'^ritSSlUt the °™ed" saidi not sTSaTm^ dinner ®d "VCTS he 'M him enrreptitionely fmm th V watched table. I noSced S hTZkolf^ of ,bc as absorbed and prc^lS "' 5cW°m"<""3 I nondoTwhat'it h I reflected: Strayed his happiness, and tLTlill!" ^ de" raarhed my neighbfnrf MnBnrae^ ™I I themStT'^ feU0W? 1 ^^be^uuh^wlv^- 1 ^fe-V^^one^uMcnU. upon him." oonse a cloud seemed to fall *acntde£ess^.1iTT£^}°°^'eh different therm"' 7 0 WM quite "A ghost!" white, clinging dress* and^K j ln voice rang8?8 ^ of \- y°ttraBitre ™Sutsx: rr-* ° aI1 nonsenee " 8 ' ani1' -tisgo^-and!^^^ £ andhtrff^e^^bf?Uaof """hine days, and then'the ice being dSu^S"8 skating upon a lake, in a hMnito.i^ bmi some miles away. ' beautiful demesne I As L seated myself to put on my skates, Mr,.Goring suddenly appeared at ray side. - "Allow me, Kiss Lindo,'.' he said;'smiling. Surprised beyond measure, I gave him ray skates, and-I could scarcely believe my eyes when he went down upon one knee before me, and deftly fastened the straps. Aud when he stood hp again and asked rae to take a tuni with'him round the lake, I was still more astonished, and vezy thankful that, having spent two winters in St. Moritz, I was by no means a poor performer, v Kr. .Goring was an excellent skater, and as we skimmed liglitlv over the ice, he unbent as he had never done before. He wasaddight ful companion, and ns I glanced at the clean - cat, handsome features, the pale, clear skin, the short aristocratic lip. and animated in*; telligent face, J marvelled more and more at the gloom and depression from , which he usually suffered. After this, the days flew by in. quick suc cession.. The fine frosty weather continued,! and we spent most of our time on the' ice. -Visitors came and went at Cleeve Hall, .but j Gerald Goring still lingered on umougst us. Ho talked frequently of going, tfut wt always persuaded lo prolong his visit by, my j aunt aud uncle, who. appeared to have con ceived a htrnng affection for.him.. ' /And I ? "When lie was near I was blissfully happy;; when he wandered frop*. my side- and talked or walked with anyone else, I felt envious and dissatisfied. : When lie spoke of leaving ns my soul was ..filled wStlr anguish. His smile was more to me tliau anything in the world, its very rareness: ranking it the more valuable. ' So the days woreron^ and on Christmas Eve some of my mends and l went off together to decorate the village.church.; "M«iy hands make IL'ht work," and in a short time our wreaths were'huug. our plants ana flowers arranged toour; satisfaction. and we wandered out of the church amongst the old moss-gnjjrh grave.-. , . */ Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of where.I sat,- sank down upon the . grass beside a pretty white marble monument., and almost unconsciouslyI read the short inscrip tion : • » " • -v Socred to the Memory ' ' - of Muriel. . Aged Nineteen. " Poor- thingf how.. young!:' .1- sighed. "But.perhape,-afterall, she mis saved from] a ivorld of pain.Vv _ \- A hand was laid; upon my shoulder, (and. looking np, I saw Gerald Goring) white and I agitated, standing before me. * , Come" away,", he/cried. " Oh,- come '. I rose at once and followed him out of the churchyard, and in silence we strolled away across the lonely moorland. . - - "Miss Lmdo)" he said after a time, "how was it you came to alt near that grave?** • " I cannot tell; chaucc, I suppose. • I felt tired, and down-without looking- where." "A dangerous thing, it most, dangerous thing to,sit out of doors at this time of year. But do you—have you ever heard that girl's I history?** . " No; kI never saw.or-heard ber' name till J now." "Ten years ago,7.he said, with emotion, | "she and X were engaged'to he married." : T started round, and looked with eyes full of pity into his pule, handsome face, but ij made no remark. I loved Muriel passionately, devotedly," ho continued. "She was Very .lovely) a dainty little thing, with eyes of the purest blue, and hair like spun gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls. But she was self- willed, and could not bear-to be crossed in the smallest thing. Her parents were wealthy, andbad all her life humoured licr smallest whim. Eight months of the year they lived at - beautiful Cleeve Hill; the remaining time—" " In Cleeve Hill 1* Oh, Mr. Goring, was she ODe of the Leighs ?** Ho bowed his head. •" Mr. Leigh's only child. She was killed I by a fall from her horse before my very eyes." " How terrible!" " Terrible, indeed! ,Aud all the pore so wheu one remembers that her death was caused by her own folly and perveseness.. In a fit of childish bravado she one day insisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her was dangerously wired upon the far side... "'I can easily clear it, and I will jump it,' ahe cried, and away she went. " Oh, God !" he murmured, " how plainly I sco it all—the lovely pouting lips, the defiant pose of the golden head us she flew past ine on her spirited little ware; then the awful crash—the sad hours beside her as she lay cold and dead upon the ground, whilst the groom went in search 'of a carriage in which to convey her back to the hill—the last days—the funeral—and my heart-broken departure from the old house—from which I went vowing never to return." . "And yet you came," I whispered through my tears. "How you must have suffered!" : "Suffered?" he said, tnruingsuddcnly&nd; looking straight into my eyes. "Yes, at first.** ^ . He ' paused abruptly, and, stooping, gathered a piece of heather and placed it in his buttonhole. ' j " I met your uncle and aunt abroad, ns I dare say they have told you, Miss Lindo, and ! wo became fast friends. Tliey kuew nothing of my story, so when they took the hall, they at once invited mo to coifle to them. My first inclination was to refuse.'I hesitated. Some* thing drew me to the old place, and I came. In the house I was depressed, miserable. The thought of Muriel haunted me. I saw her at1 every turn, and I resolved to go. But go I. could not. Something compelled me to stay. As the days went on I grew moro peaceful/ In the open air—with you, talking to you My heart beat tumultuously, and I dan not raise my eyes. " x gradually became happier'.., A WeifffoV seemed lilted from my heart; ' Wtea tfm * were near I forgot past trouble* j feuffi to smile—to laugh. I eeeraed to gtbw jonae'' again. Old memories faded. Things tint • used to pain me did so uo more.vlo &»' • boudoir hangs hlurieTs portrait, and.J tar* looked at it without a pang. I—• "Muriel! Oh, then, it was ahe^ r*: .cried, "who came to mo and told'mel [ recognised her at onco when Isaw tbe por trait." And I stammered out %fuU,dererip*. - i tion of the apparition that had wieitldme upon the night of my arrival at CleevoHair" ' "How marvellous!" ho. murinu^ ^-' changing colour and in an awe:stnu& ."Hid you soe her,more than once?". * "No,: only. once. And I was" umoav over-wrought; The Blue Chamber is biy^i gloomy." . -. - "Theroom in which they laid .her," V"1 covered his face with his hand*. " at die last." i "It muy'have .been,a dream—*W| 'fancv-r—"■ \- "No,"-he answered. Bolcmnlr. "Yoasa* sweet Muriel—of that I am convinced. . Bat why.did she come—to you ? Did she speak5" "Yes," with crimsoned cheeks. /'She- ' she told me I should meet you—described job accurately" ' • \- " How atfuoge I - And oh, Celivwas that all?" • "No, she told rae to be kind to you." ■. *:^My darling, sjie wished to atone." -H# caught iny hands and held tbem^tijhUy ; ; within his own; "And you bate helped her > by your kindness. But, oh! Celia,canjou loye rae ?. You have. heard my. story, ho* how I have suffered,' how tny happiness *uv wrecked—can you—will you trust youodf to ' me?" / • ' ■ I raised my head aiid looking up *hjly into • his face. I whispered: / "Yesi for I love you, and long to see. joa - ■happv.V . ^-Vs. • / •• My love,:my wife, you shall, he cned; " and drawing rae to his breast he sealed promise with a kiss. -Married couples in Norway are privileged to travel on railways at a faro and a-half.- - 