Mil fflll T1 M. ? ,b CHAPTER IX. Till! ICE BREAKS. ' We'll find out about t?!!it soon enough, declared the leader o£ tiie $arty emphatically ; ' I 'low thet you're bound 'for Circle City or Eomewhares up tbet way.' 'Yes,' said King, 'I've explored tbat region and I think there's gold there. I shall stand a rather poor chance o£ making any thing out o£ ifc if I can'treeover my baggage and the money that was stolen from me.' 'We unsare all bound on the same errand, King,' responded the leader, ' and we've got a nateral fellow feelin' for any prospector thet strikes bad luck like this. ' Ye can count on us. Now it will be hours before yer Injuns get down here, and cf ye ?want to lay hold with us an' help finish our ?boat we'll do es much fer you when tbo rest of your party comes in.' ' I'm willing enough to help at your boat building and should be very glad to have you knock my own boat together, but there is my partner up tbe mountain somewhere — ' ' Don't you worry your head about him if he's on the way down and alive.' ' He's both, for I saw him.' ' Then you. can't do him any good by climbin' up after him ; thar's only one way tbet he can go and thet's down ; he'll fetch up at the shore of the lake sometime or other, aud ef we don't see him he'll see us or hear ns at work, so it will be wastin' your energy to climb np an' meet him, to say nuthin' of the fact thet probably ye couldn't climb np as easy es ye come down.' The prospectors grinned as they remembered ilie rapid passage of King on his sled. ' An' es for yer Indians,' continued the leader, ' they know their business, an' ef they're loyal to yc they'll como 'long down the reg'lar trail and get here sometime durin' the day.' ' The two Indians who stood by me are loyal fellows and I have no fear from them ; bat there's Simpson — ' 'Wal, Simpson can't' very well go back unless he's satisfied to take a sneak with what money he took from ye.' 'I don't think he'll do that.' ' Nor I. If he's what he says he is, an ex perienced miner, you'll find that he'll make a break to come up to the middle Yukon valley. Thet's whar every prospector is pinting for these days.' | ' But don't you think,' asked King, ' that ?we can take it for granted that Simpson will come down here ?' 'Thnnderation ! yes, tliar ain't no other place thet he can come to by way of Chilcoot Pass, an' don't ye see that he will reckon that you was smashed to death somewliar on tiie way down ? Mark my word for it, he'll tara~np'by and t-y with a' sled an' make out es how he came over the ..pass alone, or rmebbe he'll pretend thet he hired your two Injuns.' ' Very well then; the best we can do is to pitch into work and wait for all of them.' Accordingly King drew his sled to one Bide and sot to work with his new friends, building a boat that was to carry them over the hundreds of miles of waterways that lay between them and the gold-fields of the Yukon. Their axes- and saws broke the echoes, and their voices sounded cheerily in tho crisp cool air. At midday they paused long enough to eat, and then resumed theirs labors. The ice in Lake Lindemari had already beguu to break up, as King had observed during his journey toward open water. , It might be but a day or two longer when travelling by boat would be possible, and even if it were not these impatient pros pectors would start out as soon as their boat ?was done, dragging it over the snow and ice, and so gaining a little distance. About the middle of the afternoon Kwatl and the other loyal Indian came toiling into camp, each with a sled ; they halted abruptly ?when they saw King at work with a saw, and looked at him in stupid wonder. ' Ah ! Kwatl,' he said, laying down the tool and approaching, 'I took a short cut, -you see ? ' 'Wow!' cried the Indian, in terror. He dropped the sled cord and started on a run up the trail. King made after him laughing aud caught him speedily ; the other Indian had stood stock still as if petrified ?with amazement. 'You.' ghost !' chattered Kwatl, when King caught him by tho shoulders and brought him to a halt. '? . ' Does that feel like a ghost's touch ?' asked King, giving the Indian a friendly shake. 'No, no, no,' stammered Kwatl, ' but you back on pass somewhere, no see you go by.' ' I got by just the same. Didn't you sec anything of Simpson on the way down ?' .Kwatl shook his head. Ho was fairly certain now that this was King, his employer, but he could not half understand the situation even after King had explained how ho had come down the pass by sled. ' Hie ! hie !' shouted the prospectors ?while King was talking to the Indians. Er reckon your partner's turned up.' They pointed toward the shore of the lake 'where a man was standing scratching his Lead in evident bewilderment as to Avhat he should do next. 'Donald!' shouted King. The Scotchman turned about then, and walked slowly toward the camp. When he saw that it was really King that had called to him, he hastened his steps and came up with both hands extended. ' Lord bless my soul ?' he cried, as he ?wrung King's hands and looked him over ivonderingly ; ' I've seen a good bit of the world, lad, but never anything liko this.' ' I don't suppose that people travel over the Grampian Hills that way, eh !' Praser shook his head solemnly. ' It would be a sorry day for Scotland if tho folk should take to that' extraordinary means -of locomotion. How did you ever como out of it alivo, lad ?' ' Oh, I just hung to the sled and let it carry me; that's all — how about yourself?' 'That scoundrel Simpson!' exclaimed Prasor, striking his right fist into tho palm of ?liis left hand ; ' I've had my suspeecions of him, lad, but when I come up to him on tha mountain yonder I had so much to do to keep my sled from breaking away from me altogether that I could na mind what he was aboot until he tripped me and doon I went. I think he would have finished me if he had na been so anxious to get hold of the sled.' ' That got away from him, didn't it ?' ' It did ; the last I saw of it, it was spinn ing around some distance ahead of him and to one side. I don't know where it went. ' I dropped over the side of a precipice and seemed to be swimming in snow for a time. Then you shot past for all the world as if ye had chosen that stylo of locomotion, and I made best I could to follow you doon.' ' Lord bless me ! I'd rather climb back and forth to the masthead all day long on the British Queen than go up and doon yon mountain again.' ' Then I suppose you're perfectly willing to continue on to the gold fields.' ' Aye, that I am, mon ! fower hundred pounds intwa weeks, my, my, it's a fortune !' The prospectors, who had gathered round to listen, smiled good humoredly at the Scotch man's determination, and in that easy way which is vjso agreeable among honest miners they quickly made friends with him. Naturally enough, he was almost famished, and for some time after his arrival he was agreeably occupied in stowing away provisions where they would do him tho most good. Then he set to work as King had done, and tho hammers rang- merrily for an hour or two. It was about the time when the men were ready to knock off work from sheer' fatigue, when the leader of the party plucked King by the sleeve and pointed up tho trail. Simpson had just come into sight. He was laboriously working his way downward with two sleds in front of him. 'Is thet your man, pardnor?' asked the leader, whose name King had learned was Drew. 'That's the one,' responded King through pressed lips, ' and those are my sleds.' ' Then I'll tell you what to do,' continued Drew, ' you and youi pardner take a sneak into the hut there till we have a bit of chin with the rascal ; you know best when to flash yourself upon him.' 'It's a good scheme,' responded King quickly, seeing that this method would be the best for making certain of convicting Simp son. So he attracted Eraser's attention and together they hurried into the cabin near where the men were at work. The ground became comparatively level just before Simpson reached the camp and accordingly he got in front of his sleds and dragged tbem- in. ' Evenin', pardners,' he said, easily, ' yere's one more to join the army of future rich men who perpose to find tho best gold along tbe Yukon.' ' Evenin',' replied Drew, in a surly tone. ' Whar do you come from ?' ' Sacramento.' ' Thet was a long time ago ; whar did you como from just now ?' ' Dyea, over the Chilcoot Pass, of course.' He looked at the miners in surprise ; it evidently troubled him that they did not receive him with the cordiality that miners usually extend to strangers. Instead, tliCy stood around looking at him as if ? they would liko to throw him into the lake. ' You've got a right slick camp here,' ho remarked with an attempt to composure, ' er reckon I'll lay down with yer till I can get me a boat built.' 'It will cost yer somethin' to do thet,' said Drew, sharply. 'Cost?' returned Simpson, in genuine surprise, ' er never heerd of prospectors chargiu' a mau for neighbourly treatment.' ' This ain't no ordinary case,' responded Drew emphatically, ' an' wo 'low that you'll hev to pay.' ' Well I kin pay ef thet's what you want ;? I've got dust enough to liiro all the labour I want an 'ter pay for all the accommodations- 1 nend.' Saying this, Simpson undid his belt and exposed a quantity of coins. Drew nodded, as if satisfied. 'Thet looks to be the right colour, but whar did yo get it?' _ At _ this moment King, who had been listening concluded that.it was time for him to appear. Ho knew well, and in tho courso of of the day had told Drew and the othors, that Simpson had arrived at Juneau substan tially penniless. Ho had but a few dollars more than his outfit, and that was spent in paying his share of the transportation and pffeking from Juneau to Dyea and over tho pass. ? To flash several hundred dollars iu o-0ld, therefore, was much tho same thing as admitting to these men that he had stolen it. So King and Fraser quietly stepped from the hut and confronted Simpson. When ho saw them, his jaw dropped and his eyes opened, but for a moment he gavo no other sign of surprise or consternation. 'Well, Simpson,' remarked King, ' l'SGo that you havo brought my sleds and my money down in good condition.' Simpson glanced from King to Eraser and then at tho scowling faccs of tiie prospectors ; whatever his career really had been it was certainly one that had acquainted him with tho ways of miners. Ho knew that they wero not given to tbe slow process of law in proving the innocence or guilt of accused parties, aud he seemed to seo that there was no bluff strong enough that could bo put up to save him now. Ho throw tho belt containing King's money upon the ground, sat down upon one of the sleds and took out liis big pipe. 'Well,' he exclaimed, 'ef thet isn't the derndest tendorfootost luck !' Having thus expressed his chagrin over his defeat, he struck a match upon his boot heel and lit his pipe. ' Wal, say,' exclaimed Drew, 'you've got nerve, hain't you ?' ' Hev I,' retorted Simpson, indifferently. 'You, 'low,' continued Drew, with some excitement, ' thet ve robbed this yero gent, an' thet ye tried to send them both to death, down the mountain.' Drew paused a moment, but Simpson did not tako advantage of it to reply. ' Ye know what we're tliinkiu' of well enough,' resumed Drew, 'ye know eshowwe look on ye es the scum of a minin' camp, the kind of a bad man thet may get in his work at Leadville, or Cripple Creek, but I am tellin' yo thet you're the kind of bad man thet don't come this side of the divide. ' Aud tliar you sit tliar like a bump upou a log an' never say a word about it ! What do yer perpose to do, an' what do you think we'nns are goin' to do ?' Simpson blinked unsteadily at Drew for a moment, aud then rising, stood before King. ' King,' he said earnestly, ' I 'low thet I did ye dirt. I've been down on me luck, man, for a long time, an' I've been gettin' thet discouraged thet I said ter meself many a time I'd steal if I got the clianct to do it. I thought the clianct lied come an' I did it. ' I'm right sorry for it. I suppose you'll let these men hang me to a tree, but I take ifc you're a good-hearted fellow an I hopes es you'll lefc me sneak back over the divide an' take me chances in Juneau. 'I can work me way back to Seattle, maybe, on board a ship.' ' I don't think these men want to hang you,' responded King. ' He oughter be hung,' exclaimed Drew, ' but in my opinion it would be kind of bad luck to sfcarfc our expedition with a lynchin'. I 'low thet you can get back over the divide if yon are agreed, King ?' ' Great Heaven !' exclaimed Simpson with a groan of despair, ' to think thet I've got to go back when the land of promise is just waiting above me. 'I'm dead sorry I did ye dirt, King. I give yer my word I never won't' tetch another thing, King, thet don't belong ter me, ef only I could be allowed ter go on ter the Yukon.' ' I'll tell you what I'll do, Simpson,' said King, after a moment's thought, ' I don't cherish any ill will against you, although I can't excuse your villainous conduct, and I won't have you travelling in any party where I travel ; but I don't want to stand in the way of your getting on your feet again. -So far as I'm concerned you, can go on to Yukon.' ' Thank God!' exclaimed Simpson. Drew and his companions did not wholly like this outcome of the matter ; they insisted that something should be done in the way of punishing Simpson, but King would not sanction any extreme measures. At length, however, a curious compromise was effected. Ifc was agreed that Simpson should be allowed to go his own way if he could succeed in recovering tho one sled of King's that had not yet boon accounted for. He jumped at tliiw chance to redeem him self, and long before the boats had been completed he had found the missing sled in the forest toward which King had started when ho began his perilous descent. This was after the party had been at the shore at Lake Lindeman for two or three days. Rather cold weather had set in and prevented the ico from breaking up ; then, when the boats —for King's arid Drew's party were ready, there came on a great thaw. Tho travellers took advantage of it immed iately aud set out, leaving Simpson alone working with all his might to get some kind of a craft together so that he could follow. Meantime no othor prospectors had como over tho pass, but before the end of the day on which King started on the long canoe voyage to the Yukon, the shore of Lake Lin deman rang again with the sounds of axes and human voices. Another boat had brought gold seeking adventurers to Juneau, and some of them had already hastened over the Chilcoot Pass. Among them were two who spent moro timo idling about and looking on than in ac tual work. They had' much to talk about apparently, and over and again they put their heads together over maps of the region and documents that men of experience would have recognized as conveying title to mines in British territory. ( To be continued.) 