S RVIEG HIS THEORIES. Sted slet; must have good refer S pply A. D. Goodman, King's-roed, ' 5hc e'lt. Such was fhe advertisement which ap Speared in sev al of the London dailies. At ten o' lck the same morning a abort, thick-set ma' with an extremely red nose showing iha~~ie had been a high liver in the .. servants' hall, knocked at the door of the house on King'iroad, A neatly attied servant girl, with a mus. lin cap perchea on her pretty features, ap. peared on the treshold. 'Is Mr Goodnn in V' asked the caller. 'Heis.' respoded the girl, with several critical glances at the man who stood before 'I should like tosee him on business. -Step in. The visitor was uaered into a bright front roomfi SWhat name shall I say 1 Mr Smiler. The girl disappeared. Then the man began to examine the apart maenttin a leisurely manneri. - collection of rare brie-a-brac bore ample testi mony to the artistic propensities of the master of the house. SSome swell, evidently,' murmured the man with the red face, The girl reappeared. * Master wants to know what's your busi. ness. *I called in reference to an advertisement for a valet. 'Oh i' She tossed her head and again vanished. About five minutes elapsed, and then th6 girl entered the room. 'You can wait here,'she said. ' Master isn't up yet. For forty minutes the visitor was left to. his reflections. 'Must be some blooming sport, he com mented. Then the door. opened, and a tall, pale gentleman entered the room in a languid fashion, picked up the morning paper, and carelessly scanned the contents, as though oblivious to the presence of the visitor. He read the telegraphic news and then the local. The servant brought in a tray upon which reposed breakfast--bbcon, eggs, a cup of coffee, and rolls. The gentleman put up his nose and said : Jane, take away those dishes, Leave the coffee, The servant silently obeyed... SHis appetite isn't good to- day, com muented the caller. The gentleman sipped the 'offee with ap parent relish, read again the cable article from Paris, and finally lighted a cigar. All' this time the visitor remained standing respectfully. At last he ventured to cough, and the gentleman, turning to him, remarked 1 Aw-you called about the advertise Isent.. . Where are your references I SHere, sir,' and he took from his pocket a lalky package. ", Well, I -don't care to see them. ' I served last the Duke of - . 'What the devil do I care whom you s'riped I Will you accept a guinea a week an'd expenses 1 - ' Yes, sir. ' Very well; we leave to-night for Bariu. See that everything is ready. With that the gentleman took up his hat and cane and strolled out of the house in a leisurely, half-bored way. ' He is a rum un,' commented the visitor. . Two days later the gentleman and his ser rvants were quartered in Paris. The former had rented a magnificently fur nished house in a fashionable part of the city. . Try as he would, Smiler could learn little of his new master. He came and went. · He usually arrived home about 2 in the morning, and sometimes Smiler hail to put .him to bed. He got up anywhere between 10 o'clock and noon. SSometimes he breakfasted heartily; at other times he merely sipped his coffee. Smiler was commissioned to buy ticket5 for every fashionable event, from the opera to the races, and he always came and de * parted in a private carriage, quite an elegant .equippage. About this time the Parisian newspapers were agitating the matter of the remarkable tests in spiritualism given before the eminent gentlemen by a peasant woman in Milan. The psychological society was in session in the French capital, and the comments on the feats performed in -Italy were made more interesting by the presence of a renowned -English mind reader. T I i,,it Hals, and his accuracyin ferreting out' 6rfiim feared by the wrong this respect madenS doers. ; " these wonders, but Mr Smiler, read of Osition, pooh-poohed being of a sceptical dispt them. e, gentleman was sip ,-- One moriing when ;hich he had placed a •. pinn his coffee, i to ' hl looked up from his few drops of co ao.niler-_ );aper. and said Snind reader, has run down" :' Markham, e Smiler. What do you another crimn al,) "hi k of that . ot venture an opinion, sir, I / If I mit it was all bosh. 1/ Bh?ld say tyeh ? 'May I ask why 1 -, "i . os it stands to reason, sir, that no S, ?'ells, s ad what is going on in another lnan. 'a . It's against nature, and what's .ea n'i s r nure can't be done, sir. My idea \ l.na? this man, this fraud, I will call Sa.'r, tha incollusion with these fellows. '"ii ,' m?. That's my impression, sir. B E s ing to humbug these French ,'y sir. A criminal, sir, can't be S*. d '.xpt by detectives, and they make S i' 6h a 'ful botch of it, sir. '-. you dou's believe in it 1' T'.. ha entleuinn was now- drinking his , glecoad , . f coflee, ^",^9" , h^ t i, . . -_l , ' ?C ' ,. .,??.' '. : ' ?? -• .'=?'.-:.,z:., :.?., - i... -,':?:? , ' -/.?. . ,Well, now, suppose that I ý?ve.:jyou a .little practical demonstration, - - Smiler started, I You, sir. 'Yes. I've studied a little in that line as an amateur. - Suppose, for example, 1 were to read your mind, Smiler I ' You couldn't do it, sir. ' I should say you were a faithful, honest fellow, who always served his niaster's in 'terests. Smiler gave a deprecating gesture. S'It wouldn't take no mind reader to tell that, sir. ' But wouldn't it take a mind reader to tell, Smiler, what you've gotin' your pocket book. Smiler turned pale. ' As an amateur, Smiler, I don't pretend to be accurate. I should say that if anyone should look in that pocketbook he would find my ruby scarf- pin and my emerald and diamond ring,. Smiler neatly went into a fit. ' Of course I have so many rings and pine that unless I was a mind reader I would never have missed these. And, let me see, Smiler, in your trunk you have three pairs of my trousersa Those -wouk? not?~ ie'easily Seollar and cuffs innumerable. By this time Smiler was as pale as a ghost. ' if I were to read your mind a little fur ther as an amateur, I would tell you that on the 20th day of September you went to a pawn shop on the Rue di Rivoli and there disposed of two seal rings and'a watch, for which you received 500 francs. They cheated you, Smiler. You should have got double that amount. From there you went to a bank, like the thrifty,- honest, frugal fel low that you are, and opened up an account. On the 23rd of September, with commend able industry, you added to your little horde by disposing of my gold-mounted stick, the one presented me by the Baron Rothschild. You carefully obliterated the names. 1 com mend your caution. Four days afterward you sold, or rather pawned, sundry articles in four different places, which I won't take the time to enumerate, In all ydu have 1500 francs in the bank and 20 francs- in your pocketbook, together with other: articles of mine, which you were about to get sid of this morning. You have been quite thrifty, and inside of a month it was your intention to draw out your money and emigrate to America, where you are desirous of setting up in trade. This has been your dream, Smiler, the life of a prosperous and honest tradesman. Am I right, Smiler If I have made any mistakes, attribute it to the fact that I am but an amateur. But Smiler was speechless. 'To continue, or rather so go back into the past, I read that you robbed all your masters before me, only they: were not mind readers in an amateur ay, and attributed the loss of different things to a natural shrinkage, When you first -entered my apart. ments in King's-road, your, thoughts were regarding my worldly possessions. You saw much that made you suro'I was a man of means. After. I entered .the room, I was seemingly -busy reading the newspaper. Really, Smiler, I was reading you: I did. not want to see your references. They were superfnlous. The man -himself stood before me. There was the reference. I deter mined to make a little study of you. You interested me at once, for I recogiised in you athief of many years training, a thief who had pilfered for all his lifoand never been detected. Here, I thought, is a subject worthy of my attention ; here is a case which will edify and amuse me. $So I took you to my bosom, Smiler, and employed you on the spot. As-you stood there waiting for me to address you, the thoughts that flashed through your mind were; ' I can easily get away with one of those Dresdenware vases. Hehas so many of them thathe will never miss it. Then he must be a careless sort of a swell, one of those spendthrifts. He will come home inebriated every night. If a pin, a ring, a watch, or some other article dia asppears, he will think he lost it somewhere the night before. Here's a swell that pays no attention to his personal effects. All he thinks of is having a jolly good time. Am I right, Smiler But Smiler never relapsed from his col lapsed condition. ' You began to pilfer when you purchased the tickets to France. You made toen shil lings on the tickets. You put aside for your self five shillings from the purchases from the trunkmaker. Do not deny it, for it is written indelibly on your .mind. I took tc you right away. ' Here is a precious rascal,' I thought. ' Here's a servant worth having. You will remember that I commeided you for your faithfulness. And now, Smiler, do you believe in mind reading ' By the way, where are those pawn tickets, and kindly hand me your pocketbook, Smiler obeyed without a word. ' And now it wouldn't take a mind reader to tell what is going to happen. The languid gentleman weit to the door, and ushered in two officers. Smiler fell upon.his knees :-· 'Mercy, mercy,' he said. "- Yu~zi r roborate,-all 1· --a-h sav-id,' ~:-~.r inaked the gentleman, with mild interest-. - ' Yes, yes, I confess. Don'ts put ain- in gaol.' 'I am sorry, Smiler, but I have finislied with my subject. I now turn'him over to the law. Officers, do your duty. Very well, Mr Markham,' replied one of the officers. 'Markhaw I' groaned Smiler. 'The same,' replied the languid gentle than.. ' The great English mind reader 'I am he. I advertised not for a valet, bunt fora subject. I wanted toprove some of my theories to the society of savants here. Yo? have proved a very good subject. I shall write out the results of my investigations to night, and then if you care to have the law Sdeal leniently with you, you will sign it. I will then read the paper before the society. My enemies willhave to concede that my work is incomparable. By the. way, Smiler, hate I converted you to a belief in mind reading 1 ' You have, sir,' groaned Smiler. ' And now, officers, take him away, as I have a little work to do. With that the lainguid gentleman turned and entered his study. Smiler straighten.d himself up dismallyp. . Well, I'mi blowed5 he said. .- _ -,,]),?' ,. . ,. - ? :-,-?. .? .' ? .. - . r,-' " ' = :,'61? 