LIFE IN ENGLAND HALF A CENTURY ACO. .;....? Miss M. Betham-Edward, the well-known novelist, has issued a volume of reminiscences. Miss Edwards is the daughter of a Suffolk farmer, and her descriptions and anecdotes of the Suffolk folk, both lay and clerical, inYthe district round about the old manor house of Westerfield, near Ipswich, where her early years were spent, deserve (says a London critic) to rank with ' Our Village ' or the immortal ' Cranford.' The parson as she knew him was very much as he is 'described in Joseph Arch's recollections. In other words, 'he was no more fit to be a clergyman than to be dancing master, to the Royal Family.' Referring to the parson in her own village Miss Edwards says : — Of hisnumerous children one boy was particularly obstreperous at church, He would put his mother's bonnet strings into her mouth when the poor woman drowsed during the long martial sermon, make wry face3 at his brothers and sisters, and other wise set them a'titter. The family paw lay immediately under the pulpit, but, at last* the contagion of jnisohief proving irre sistible, the incorrigible youngester was im prisoned on the steps behind hts father. On a summer afternoon hardly had the final benediction escaped the preacher's lips when a tremendous blow resounded through the church. Everyone stared aghast. With a backhanded cuff that might almost have felled an ox our rector had sent the unfortunate boy backwards, shouting for all to hear. ' How dare you, sir, thus misbehave yourself when |I am preaching God's word in the pulpit?' Doubtless a highly effective moral lesson was intended. The result was that many church people betook themselves to chapel ~ ever after. The communion service had a very worldly significance to some ? of the parishioners. ' I do not know how it may be in most country places, but in our village a curious custom prevailed. . The wine used for communion service was luscious Tent or Malaga, and what remained in the chalice was give a to the aged poor who .were present. The ceremonial had a peculiarly aristocratic cha racter little according with the doctrine of Christian humility. No chamberlain more exactly assigned the rank of court visitors. First knelt the rector's wife and daughters and squire's family, next in order came the larger or so-called gentlemen farmers and their womankind ; following these the village shopkeepers and small tradesmen ani tradeswomen ; lastly,;the laboring folk, gene rally a pitiable group, consisting of decrepit grandslres and crones just able to hobble. No sooner had the solemn rite been adminis tered than a sonorous deep-drawn quaffing was heard from the lower end of the rails, the poor old menand women gratefully swallowing the remains of the wine. It might have been better to eo through this little performance in the vestry. Anyhow, who can doubt that such a custom proved a snare ? My nurse (the good woman lives and corresponds with me still) was returned frotr her own church one Sunday morning when she encountered a neighbor coming; from his ; it was Sacrament Sunday. ' So, Master (laborers were called Master, never Mister) Smith, like me. I s'pose, you have been to the table?' 'Ye?,' was the ruffled reply, 'and I might as well have stayed at home. I only got one d ? d drop !' ' Another characteristic story is the follow ing : — 'A young married couple had detcr inined, fot some reason or other, to have their first born christened simply 'Fred.' The fancy was perhaps foolish, but the ohild's name certainly concerned its parents only. They would have nothing to do with Frederick, but only the monosyllabic pet name. Tliis is the scene I witnessed as a child. We were especially interested irf little Frtd, and had sent him his christening f rook. Clergyman — ' Name this child !' Mother, shyly—' Fred, ? sir.' Clergyman, roughly — 'Frederick, you mean?' Mother, growing nervous, feeling that all eyes are upon her— 'No, sir, Fred, if you please, sir.' Clergyman, with an impatient murmur and vicious splash of holy water — ' Frederick, I baptise thee in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' As a matter of course, Fred's parents afterwards patronised the meeting-house.' Rural ideas in those days had a stronger flavor of the unexpected than in our own educational times. But Miss Edwards calls to memory the tale of the rustic maiden who waB invited to take a walk with her lover, 'Oh, no,' she replied, without the slightesh hesitation, 'it is nob dark enough yet.' Standards of conduct, Miss Edwards re marks, differed in the middle of the century from those now generally accepted. ' For instance, walking one day to Ipswich we met a laborer's wife and her two daugh tars, girls of 12 and 14 years. §So, Mrs. P ? ,' said my eldest sister, 'you have been shopping?' 'No, miss,' replied the r, good woman with an unmistakable air of self-approval, * but lam anxious to do my girls all the goo'd I can, so I have just taken them to see a man hanged.' ' Nothing strikes Miss Edwards more than the improve ment in the education of girls since oho her self attended a school near her home. The discipline of those days is unheard of now. The victim in the following case was the daughter of a baker, whose education was paid for by ' daily cart loads of bread.' She appears to have committed some offence which incurred social disapprobation : — At 8 o'clock, just before- bed-time, all the girls, marshalled by principal and head governess, trooped down to the kitchen. There, stripped naked, in a tub, stood Rebecca H— — , exposed to the tauntB and ? objurgations of the resb. For some minutes this disgraceful scene lasted, the chorus In creasing in fury and volume. 'Ob, Re becca ! Oh, dirty, odious Rebecca ! oh, filthy Rebecca!' cried, howled, shouted these vicious lookers-on, the little naked figure baaring her martyrdom in. stolid silence. Nofc a tear, not a ory escaped her, very probably her feeling being one of intense thankfulness, amazement that vindictiveness ended here, and that she was not beaten within -an inch, of her life as well. 