ladfhted rida|. Xx Mens. G. SuaLDON, Authoreas of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER V. A MOTHERasi LOST IleQUEST. Royal Bryant's first act upon leaving Edith was to procure a warrant for the arrest of Solon Retz, after which, accohn paniod by an officer, he proceeded directly to tile man's place of business. Leaving the official outside to await hIia signal, he entered the store, and, going to the counter, addressed the man standing behind it. " You are Solon Rotz, I believe, air," he roemarked. " Dat lsh mine name ; and vat might po your piahuess mit me T the man re turned, while he studied the handsome, manly face before him with a shrewd and curious gaze. " I have come to redeem a watch that is in your poassossio, and upon which you made an advance to a young lady the week before last," Mr Bryant explained. The pawnbroker's eyes began to gleam with a sullen lire, as he comprehended the young man's business with him ; but he inquired, with an assumed air of meekness " Vat ish der young lady's name, if you pleash 1" " Miss Edith Allandale." "You hat der ticket, I suppose 1" still with insinuating meekness. " I have ; hero it is," brielly responded the young lawyer, as tie passed it over to him. "And hero is the money also," he added. The pawnbroker pretended to study the ticket very carefully; but his only aim was to gain tirme, for lie saw plainly that he had a resolute character to deal with. After a minute lie remarked, in a tone of caution: "Der young lady should haf come her self-I cannot deliver der vatch to a stranger." " Look here, my man," said Rtoyal Bryant, in the incisive tones which he usually employed in conducting his cases, " we are not going to have any unneces sary words over this business. I have come h-re to redeem the watch for Miss Allandalo; there is the ticket calling for it-hero is your money ; now give me the time-piece without any more parleying." " But you hlia no' proved your au thority -J must hlt a written order from der girl, pefore I can give up der vatch," objected the man, with a sullen air. 'I lam Miss Ailandales attorney," briefly returned the lawyer. " Ha I you vill hat to prove yourself. Maybe you po her attorney--maybe not; I cannot tell," said the pawnbroker, with an offensive leer. The yiung i an flashed litly ; but he never allowed iimself to lose Ilis temper, under any circumstances. "There is my business-card," he quietly remarked, as he laid it before the loan. He glanced at it, and his face changed slightly. The name was known to him, for the papers had recently reported aprerplexing case in which the enterpriaing young lawyer had come off.victorious, to his \- everlasting credit. But it was evident that the pawnhbruker did not moan to surrender the watch, if he could avoid doing so. " But you pring me no written order -.you-do not prcoe your authority, eh ?" "he persisted, obsatinately. "It ish all verra volt to any you coh der girl's attor ney. Vatif I gif up der vatch 7 You go away mit it- tihe girl colnes for it I no haf it, had she makes troulto mit me 7 I tells you I must haf authority." Royal Bryant's eyes flaslhed fire. " You shall have it there is my au thority," he brieflly remarked, with aware of his hand toward the window, where, at that moment, the olfficer who had accompanied him stood pecring cutriously within the room. The face of Sdlon Retz tall instantly, and he grew pale with mingled fear and anger, as lie at last realised that the young man had come amply provided with power to enforce Ilia authority, and it \- wounld behove him to submit to thle inevit able without further disputation. 'So, muttering sullenly to himself, he turned to a safe behind him, and brought forth a small morocco case, which he re luctantly handed to his visitor. Opening it, Edith's champion found anl elegant little time-piece, the case of which was beautifully enamelled in blue anid white, a circlet of diamonds surrounding the monogram composed of the initials, £, A., in the coutre. Royal Bryant felt his ire waxing lhot as he looked upon it. "And this is the watch upon which you advanced Miss Allandale such a paltry sdm I'" he exclaimed, with indignant em phasia. " hut it ish all out of athylo," ro sponded the pawnbroker, with a alightiug gesture and a shrug of his shoulders, yet, at the same ttim regarding the costly trinket with an avaricious gleaim in his eyes. " I lhf to protect myself-I could not afford more." SIt is worth twenty times tile amount" sterrnly returned the youllg nman Its lieho closed the case and slipped it into ai inn side picket. Mr Bryant quietly left the shop, and. a moment later, thie olicer eUnterLd and arrested the pawnbroker upon the charge of theft and alsi that of passing counter felt money. The iiusn, thoroughly larnmed by this unforesoon catastroplho, lirst protested Ilis innocence of either crime. then ravcutand swore at being no ill-treated, and finally "ended by blegging and pleadingC in tli moet pitoous uiillncer ti be let ol'. All was of no e i ll, lhowver, and lie was cmnpellued to slhut up his s htope a ndc accomlpany thie olicer to thil court, where a omuple of hoursum later he was Caled uponi to answer the charges agaillst ilim. Riioyal Ilryant, meoanwhll, hadl lhad all inturview witl tile grocer, to ieiim lie related tile facts regarding the guldenu coin, aind olferd Iliim a round sum if he would withdraw his suit against Miss Allnlidale, and nallear, instead, as a wit ness for her ogilnat thlle wily 1lpvn broker. Troe maiu, who was not really bad at heart, and whose eoleciCoe haid troubled him nct a little ill ,'low of his hlnrsl esa toward tie young girl who had bacn re duced to oluoh straits, wllinugly accceded to lie lawycr'o prupoeition, cud eoneidcrid hhlacoelf lucky to have got out of the affair with so little t nroilui, aid with a generous ainouit of nleu ie iiis plchiket instead of a bill for entpenies. Oonsequouetly, whliuii Eiltli's cse was called, tcere was no one to appear against her, aiad it iiao quietly dis missed, while ttiint ci he l)awniibrOkar wao substituted ill ito place. The young lawyer conducted tile caea very cleverly. BIe' told howl he had, in a tit of absent mindedness, defaced the gjold-piico with his ponknife; how he had ifterward givrei it to his copiyist ici paymenit for her sorvices during the week. .Ie ro lnted how she hiad gone directly trom his office to the pawnbroker's shop, where she had presented her ticket and the coin, to rodoom the watch which ohlo had pawned the week provious; how the money-lender had taken the coin and dropped it into his drawer, thon, pretending to return it to her, clniming that it was counterfeit, hoe had given her a spurious coin in place of it. Heo related how, all unsuspicious of any wrong done her, Edith had resolved to snake nnothor test of tile monleyr and, taoking it to the grocer's, had tln dered it in paymnout for her purchases, when it was ulnhesitatingly accepted, although later the maoon had discovered his tistiaku. In proof of these latter statements he produced the unlucky coin which had caused so much mnischief. " But how can you prove that this is not the piece of moiey that you paid Miss Allandalu '" heo was asked by the counsel for the defence. " Because I have that also in my pos. session," ihe replied, as he drew it forth from his vest pocket, and caused it to be passed to the magistrate, remarking, as hie did so: "' Your honor will observe whore the piece is defaced by vertical marks made with this punknifo which I hold in may hand. It ish von tam lie 1" burst forth the irate pawnbroker, as he looaped forward withl blanching face trying to get a gtilmtops of the two piecesC of moneoy. '" Silnce I" thundered the maongistrate, bestowing an annihilating glance upon the irreverent man. Theo, turning to the young lawyer, ho added : "Mir Bryant, you will please state how you happen to have the marked coin inl your possession -a circumstance which seems rather umysterious, since you claim that it was given t tthe pawnbroker by Miss Allan dale on Saturday even:ng." " I will call a witness, your honor, who will explain that matter to the court. Mr oKnowles, please go in the box," said Air Bryant, turning, with a bow, to his for muer client. As that gentleman went forward, the money-lender sank back in his seat limp and white, for he instantly recognised him. " Mine Gott I" he whispered, "it iah all over mit inn now." Air Knowles briefly told how he had received the mutilated coin from the pawnbroker as a loan upon a valuable clock, and that he had, that very morn ing, given it to Air Bryant in part pay ment of a debt which he owed him. He was madec to swear that the defaced piece of money was the same that he had received arid paid over to tie young law yer, after which hi produced the ticket as further evidence to substantiate his ftory. Ioth 'coins were then weighed and teasted. The scratched one was found to be genuino ; the other a skilful counterfeit. Asn rioyal Bryant's suggestion, the pawnbroker was ordered to be searched, whent no less than three more bogus pieces were found concealed upon his 'his was deemed sufficient proof of his guilt, without further testimony, and he ras sentenceod to twelve mouths' imprioon ient, without Edith having been called to the witness stand to testify against himn. As the crestfallen pawnbroker was led away, -Royal Iryant went eagerly to Rdith's aide. " You are free, ltisa Allandalo," he exclaimed, with a radiant face, "and I think we are to be congratulated upon harving made such quick work of the aso." L It is all owing to your cloverness," Edith returned, lifting a pair of grateful eyes to his-face. ."How can I thank yeou 1" o' You do not need to do that, for I feel that 1 alone have boon to blame for all your trouble," he said, in a self-reproach ful tone; then he added, with a roguish gleam in isfine eyes : " I shall never be guilty of paying my copyist in gold again. Now come, I haove a conveyance waiting for you and will send yeu directly homo to your mother," the ung o man concluded, as he lifted her shawl fromi the chair where she had been sitting and wrapped it about her ahoul ders. Edith followed him to the street, where a cab stood ready to take her home. hMr Bryant assisted her to enter it, when he laid a small package in her lap. "It is your watch," he said, in a low tone. 'Then, extending his hand to her, he added : " I shall not ask you to re turn to the oitice for two or three days you :red rest after your recent anxiety rod excitement, while I am to bo awayuntil Wednesday noon. CoootomoonThursday morning, if you feel able, when I shall have plenty of work for you." lie pressed the hand he was holding .with an unconscious fondness which brought a rich color into the young girl's face, then, closing the carriage door, le gave the order to the coachman, smiled another adieu, as he lifted Ihis hat to hier, and the next moment Edith was driven away. 'herm was a glad light in her eyes, a tender smile on liher red lips, ard, in spite of her poverty and rliany cares, sio was, for the moment, supremely happy, for to) al Brynnt's rmanner had been tar more suggestive to her than he had boon aware of, and shle was thrilled to her very soul by the consciousness that he loved her. Sleo nat thus, in happy reverie, until the carriago turned iota the street whore she lived; then. suddenly coming to herself her attention was again attracted to the package in her lap. "There is something beside mamma's watch here l" she murmured, as she noticed the thickness of it. Untying the string and removing the wripper, she found a pretty purse with a siloer clasp 1)ingn1 upon the case containing the watclh. With burning cheeks she opened it, aind found within a crisp note and Royal Bryant's card bearing these words upon the back : " I shall deem it a favor if you will accept the enclosed amouot, as a loan, until you find yourself in more comfort able ciroumnstbces financially. Yours, Edith caught the purse to her lips with a thrill of joy. " How kiud I how delicto " alsheto mur inured. " lie knew I was nearly penni less-that I had almost nothring with which to tide over tihe next few days, during Iis absence. He isn a prinao among A vivid Ilun dyed I. r checks as sheo soddoenly checked the conlession that had rhuoort cecaICd her lipso; lirhtead drooied. ler choest eavond with the praid boeatig ofi h er hoec rt , a s oi to reatlS o d t h art ih er delepest and ctrcirgettaft'ootmcos load boon irrooevocbvly givO to' thle noble-liearted youiig IInIRl hool had benc so kind to hlr i hIer recaont trouble. Theo vehicle stopped at last before the door of lier homo- if the mieorable tuiuimtit-houst coulo d be desigoinatd by suca rnanr--aul soh praog nogorly to thie ground. "t ih faro is all paid, iiss," tie said, respetfully, no soho heosillued a moment ; then sino wont boundirng 0010 the stairs to be mot er the threshold of her room by Iato O'Brien with her finger on her lips and a look ill lier kind, hoonest eyes, that mrado the girl's heart sink with a sudden shock. "My mother I" sheo breathed, with paling lips. " llhist, mavournoon!" said the woman, pitifully ; then added, in a lower tone : " She has been mortal ill, miss." "And nowl" panted E'.ith, leaning against the door-frame for support. "'Sh l She is asleep." Edith waited to hear no more. Some thiing in the woman's face and manner filled her with a terrible dread. She pushed by her, entered the room, and gliding swiftly but noiselessly to the bed, looked town upon the scarcely breathing figure lying there. It was with dilliculty that pho repressed a shriek of agony at what ieto saw, for the shadow of death was unmistakably settling over the beloved face, and she know tlmt the last of her dear ones was about to be snatched from iher iand gathered to the others who had gone before. As we know, Mrs Allindale, upon recovering colsciouseiss after the dopar ture of Edith with the officer, had beeoon seized with a severe coughing spell, which iand eulhninated inanllarmiiiug heimorrhago A physician was called, and the bleeding was temporarily checked, and, by means of opiates, ahlto was kept quiet and com paratively comfortable during the night and mist of tno succeeding day. Late on Sunday ovening alto showed signs of another attack; but this was also warded off, and she slept quietly during the night and seemed brighter oil Monday morniug. haVon the physician camrne in, she was beginnit:g to be extremely nervous about Edith, and hurried Kato away to AIr Bryant's oflice, the woman consenting to go " if the doctor would stay with her," which he, knowing the end might come at any moment, consented to do. During Mlrs O'Brion's absence the bleeding returned, more violently than before, and, despite the physician's utmost afforts, could not be wholly checked; and thus the frail lifeo was surely ebbing away. She stirred slightly upon her pillow as Edith came to her side and bent over her. " My darling," she murmured, weakly, as her white lids fluttered open, and she bent a look full of love upon the fair face above her, " l-am going-' "Neo, no, mamma I " whispered the almost heart-broken girl, but struggling mightily with her agony and to preserve calmness lest she excite the invalid. " Bring me- the - Japanese box - quick ! " the dying woman commanded, in a scarcely audible tone. . Without a word Edith darted to a closet, opened a trunk, and from its depths drew forth a casket inlaid with mother-of-pearl and otherwise exquisitely decorated. "The-key," giaped the sick one, fumbling feebly among the folds of her night-robe. Edith bent over her and unfastened a key from a golden chain which encircled her mothor's neck. " Open I " she whispered, glancing towards the casket. The girl, wwondering, but awed and silent, unlocked the box and throw back the cover,thus revealing several packages of letters and other papers neatly arranged within it. Mrs Allandalo reached forth a weak and bloodless hand, as if to take some thing out of the box, when she euddenly choked, and in another instant the red lifoe-current was once moo flowing from her lips. " Letters-burn" alshoe gasped, with a last expiring effort, and then became suddenly insensible. In an agouy of terror, Edith dashed the box upon the nearest chair and began to chafe the ccld hand that hung over the side of the bed, while Mrs O'Brieon came forward, a look of awe on her face. The frail chest of the invalid heaved two or throee times, there was a spasmodic twitching of the slender fingers lying on the young girl's ihand, then all was still, and Edith Allandale was motherless. CHAPTER VI. EDITIt'a IIItrrTAuE. When the bereaved girl realised that she was bereft and utterly alone in the world, she threw herself upon the floor beside the bed and buried her face in the clothes, with a heart-rending moan of anguish. "Alone I alone I" she murmured, while shudder after shudder shook her slight form at the sound of the pathetic word which reminded her that there was not a person in all the world upon whom she could rely for sympathy and aid in this ead emergency. Alone I alone I It has the most pitiful sound in the world. It speaks of a deso lation that chills one to the very soul that makes one long for death and oblivion, and, to this fair, delicate girl, who realisoed that ho had henceforth no object in lifo save that of providing for her own individual necessities-that for her there would henceforth be no dear voice to greet her home-coming, or to offer her tender counsels and loving encourage ment, it seemed as if she could not endure her deplorable bereavement. Kind- hearted Kate O'Brien stood by the solitary mourner, all her sympathies aroused for the motherless girl, yet feeling herself powerless to offer one word of comfort In view of her great affliction. Tears of compassilon rolled over her cheeks, and she felt like .gathering the poor grief-laden girl into her strong arms and rockiog her upon her breast, as alsto would have rocked a sobbing infait; but poor Kate, ignorant as she was, possessed a delicacy unusual with hlier class, which made her feel that nhe would he plresuuming to offer her any such familiarity, and thus shel stood one aide, a helpless, though sympathetic, witness of liher sorrow. At last she could bear it no longer, and advanciug to Edith's side, tremulously reumarked t "Oh, miss, it's a sad loss you're called on to bear; but it's Kato O'Brien that'll be yer friend as long as she has a crust to her name. Come away, miss, to the fire, and let me make yo a cup of tea, for you're shivering wid the cold, and as white as a ghost." These kindly-spoken words only caused Edith's grief to burst forth afresh, and aho sobbed and wept until she was ex hausted antd at last sank half fainting on the floor. Then oMrs O'Brien lifted her in ier stroig, arms and placed her in the invalld's elhnir, whiclh hie drew close to thie stove, in which alto had a cheerful fire burning, and where, with her back to the bed, Edith could io longer see the loved formn tying so rigid there. Shel bathed liher fac and miade her driok a glass of wineo which her mother no lhnger needed, after which she went soltly ibolit mtiakig a cup o fragrant ta aid toasting soce slices of bread, for she kinow, froii the uppeavauloo of the girl, ihat siuhe nedad tood--wilictl iidoedntie did, for she had boon too anxious anid excited that mlorning to antRa morsel of the breakfast whichl the matronl at the station-heouse hid broughlt to her. \Vhen Kate plmced tle simple repast before hlier, Edith looked up into her face with a pitiful glance. " i f cIauot eant lI " she murmured, giotly pusnirog the plate of toast one side f but rhe thanked her for the toanuid drank it thirstily. Kato then brought the sofa pillow from the lounge and tucked it behind her head, after which esle stole softly from the room. She encountered the physician just outside the door, he having returned from a call elsewhere to uscertain the condition of his patient, and told him the sad neows. iHe was not surprised and when Mrs O'Brien spoke of Edith's grief and deso lation, the man's sympathies were aroused, and he at once assumed the care of every' thing, and, remarking that he would make all arrangemouets for the woman's burial, he went away immediately to attend to his duties. Wlheri' Kate re-entered the room, Edith was sleeping the sloop of exhaustion. She had not had any good rest during the two nights previous, consequently aslo was utterly worn out, and outraged nature asserted its claims, in spite of filial grief. Site slept for many hours, evoen though there wore others moving about her making liher dear one ready for her last long resting-place. V When she finally awoke, everything necessary hlad beeu done, a rude screen arranged around the bud, and the room made as tidy and inviting as circumstanceso wodld permit. We will not linger over the sad details of the ceremonies attending MIrs Allan daloe's burial. Suffieo it to say that ois Tuesday afternoon her remains were borne away to Greenwood, and laid to rest, in the family lot. beside those gone before, after which Edith returned to her desolate abode more wretched than it is possible to describe. Shite had made up her mind, however, that she could not remain there any longer-that she must find a place for herself in a different locality and among a different class of people. This she know alsheto could do, since she had the promise of permanent work aid now had only herself to care for. The change, too, must be made upon the following day, as MIr Bryant would expect her at is offlice on Thursday morning. There was much to be done, many things to be packed for removal, while what she did not care to retain must be disposed of ; and, eager to forget her grief nod lonelliass -for she knew she would be ill if she sat tamely down and allowed herself to think - she began at once, upon her return from the cometery, to got ready to leave the cheerless home where she had suffered so much. She decided, first of all, to pack all wearing apparel; and, en going to her closet to bogin her work, the first thing her eyes ell upon was the casket of letters which liher mother had requested her to bring to her just before she died. The sight of this unnerved her again, an, with a moan of pain, she sank upon her knees and bowed her head upon it. But the fountain of her tears had been so exhausted that she could not weep; and, finally becoming somewhat composed, she took the beautiful box out into the room and sat down near a light to ex. amino its contentents. "lammia evidently wanted these letters destroyed," she murmured, as she throw back the cover. " I will do as silo wished, but I will first look them over, to be sure there is nothing of value among them." She snot about her task at once and found that they were mostly missives from inti mate friends, with quite a number writteni by herself to liher mother, while she was away at boarding school. All those alto burnt after glauncing casually at them. Nothing thl n renmaied in the box but a small package of six or eight time.yellowed epistles bound to. gether with a blue ribbon. " What peculiar writing I " Edith ob. served, as alshe separated one from the others and examined the superscription upon the envelope. "' Why, it is post. marked Rome, Italy, away back in 18-, and addressed to mamma in London I That must have boon when she was on her wedding tour I " Her curiosity was aroused, and drawing the. closely written shoot from its en' closure, she began to read it. It was also dated from Iome, and the girl was soon deeply immersed in a story of intense and romantic interest. She readily understood that the letter had been written by a dear friend of Mrs Allaudale's youth-one who had been both school and room-mate, and who unreservedly confided all her secrets and experiences to her bosom companion. And yet, it was strange, Edith thought, that site had never heard her mother speak of this friend. - It seemed that there had boot quite an interval in their correspondence, for the writer spoke of the surprise which her friend would experience upon receiving letter fron her from that locality, when she had probably believed her to be in her own home, living the quiet life of a dutiful daughter. Then it spoke of an "ideal love" that "had come to beautify her lifo;" of a noble and wealthy artist who had well her heart, but who, for some unaccount. able reason, had not been acceptable to her parents, and they had sternly rejected his proposal for her hand. Next came the denouoment, which told that the girl had eloped with her lover and flown with him to Italy. " 1 suppose it was not the right thing to do, darling," the missive ran; "but papa, you know, is a very austere, re. lentless man, and when lie has once made up Ilis mind, there is no hope of eover turning him; so I have token.my fate into my own hands-or, rather, I have given it into the keeping of omy dear one, ansd we are so happy, Edith darling, and lead an ideal life in this quaint old city of the seven hills, at whose feet runs, like a thread of gold, the yellow Tiber. My husband is everything to me-so noble, so kind, so generous ; it is so very strange that papa could not like him-that is tb,, only drop of bitterness in my overflowing cup of happiness." There was much more of the same tenor, from which it is not necessary to quoteo; and after reading the letter through, Edith took up another, in terested .to know how the pretty love story of her mother's friend would terminate. The second one written a month latter, was more subdued, but not less tender, although the young girl thought she detected a vein of sadness running through it. The next two or three mentioned the fact that the writer was left much alone, her "dear one "being obliged to be away a great deal of the time, upon sketching expeditions, etc. After an interval of some months an other letter spoke in the fondest manner of the "dear little stranger" that had come to bless and cheer her loneliness "louely, dear Edith, because my husband's art monopolises his time, while he is often absest from home a week at a time in connection with it, and I do not know what I should do in this strange country away from all my friends, if it wore nst for my epreious baby girl whom I have tnamed for yoet, as I prmniaed, in mateory of those happy days whichl we spent to. gather at Vassar." "'Then msamma's friend had a daughter, lwho was also named Edith," mused our fair heroine, breaking in uponl her perusal of the letter. " I wonder it she is living, and where. Tlhese letters tell me nothing, give tno last name by which to identify either tmhe writer or her husband." She turned back to the opistlo, and read on "She is such a comfort to me," it ran, "and gives ome an object in livo--ome thing besides myself and my trou "- these three last words were crossed out " to think about. When will you come to Rome, dear Edith? Your last letter was dated" from St. Petersburg I am very anxious that you should see your little namesake, and make me that long promised visit." There was scarcely a word in this letter referring to her husband, except those crossed-out words ; but it overflowed with praises and love of her beautiful child, although it was oeidddt'that the.younee wife was far from experiencing the con jugal happiness that had permeated her previous cassives. There was only one more letter in the package, and Edith's face was very grave and sympathetlic ais she drew it front its envelope. "I am sure that her husband proved to be negligent of and unkind to her," she mnurmured, "and that she repented her rashness in leaving her home and frieids. Ohl, wonder.wlty girls will be so foolish and headstrong as to go directly contrary to the advice of those who love them best, and run away with men of whom they know compiratively nothing I" With a sigh of regret front the un fortunate wife, of whom she had been reading, she unfolded the letter in her hands and began to read, little dreaming what strange things she was to learn from it. " Oh, Edith darling," it began, "how can 1 tell you?-how can I write of the terrible calamity that has overtaken me 7 3My heart is broken, my life is ruined, and all because I would not heed those who loved me, and who, I now realiso, were my best and kindest counsellors. I could bear it for myself, perhaps-I could feel that it was but a just judgment upon me, for my obstinacy and unfihal conduct, and so drag out my weary existence in submission to the inevitable; but when I think of imy innocent babe-my lovely Edith--your namesake I ohl I I would never have had her christened thus, I could not have insulted you so, had I known t The letter here looked as if the writer must have been overcome with her wretchedness, and wept tears of bitter despair, for it was badly blurred and defaced. But Edith, her face now absolutely colorless, read eagerly on. " t cannot bear it and live," the writer resumed; "and so--I am going to-die. Edlth, my husband-no, may betrayer, I ought rather to say --Ihas deserted moe I 11e has long been attentive to a beautiful Italian countess, but I never dreamed how far matters had gone untilyesterday, when I came upon them unawares, in Everard's studio, and heard him tell her how lie loved her. Then I learned of his base conduct to me, whom, as he ex pressed it, he ' had cleverly deceived and coaxed to run away with him.' t is a wonder that I did not drop dead where I stood--slain by the dreadful truth ; but the two did not dream of being overheard, and so I listened to the whole of their vile plot and then stole away to try and decide upon a course of action. When Everard came home, I charged him with perfidy. Then--pity me, Edith --ho boldly told me that he wasl weary of me ; that he wculd pay me a handsome sum of money and I might take my child and go back to my parents I Obl 1 cannot go into details, or tell you what I have suffered-no one will ever know that but God I Why, oh, why does He permit such evil to exist 1 There was a huge blot hate, as if the poen had fallen from her fingers, then the missive was resumed in a different tone, as af a long intervaf of thought had inter. vened. . " Edith, 1 am calmer now, and I am going to ask a great favor of you. You are happily-married, you have a noble husband and abundant means, and you know we once pledged ourselvas to beo friend each other, if either should over find herself in trouble. Presuming upon that pledge, I am going to ask if you will take toy darling, my poor innocent little waif, bring her up as your own, and never lot her know anything about meo ? She is pure ; she is not to blame for the sins of her parents, and I cannot bear the thought of her growing up to learn of her heritage of shame. Your last letter tells mo that you will be in Rome in less than a fortnight. I cannot meet you-I can never again meet anyone whom I have known ; and so, Edith, Iam going to die. I give my child to you -I beleve you will not refuse my last request-and you will find her, with the woman who nursed ome when she was born, at No. 2 Via aol Vecchia. The woman has my instruc tions-heo believes that I am going away on a little trip with my husband; but you will show her this letter, and prove to her that you have the authority to take the child away. When yougo home, you will take her with you, as your own, and no one need over know that she is not your own. Do not ever reveal the truth to her; let her grow up happy and care free, like other girls who are of honorable birth ; and if the dead can watch over and shield the living, you and yours shall be so shieldedl and watched over by your lost but still loving - BE?E." "She was my mother I I was that child I" came hoarsely from Edith's blood less lips as she finished reading that dreadful letter. Then the paper slipped from her nerve loss fingers, iher head dropped uncon sciously upon the table before her, and she knew nothing more until, long after ward, when she awoko from her swoon to find her lamp gone out and the room growing cold, while her heart felt as if it had been paralysed in her bosom. (To be Continued). 