Lalif Pufluwl MELBOURNE TRADES HALL COUNCIL The above met on Friday evening, Mr. -J. W. Hyman being Lnthechair. but at -8.45 adjourned the business in order to allow Mr. James Smith, the well-known journalist, to read a -paper on the ' Abolition of Labour.' Several masters of some importance were contained in the correspondence, bat thes? were deferred for consideration at next meeting. Life Governors. Cha=, Harris, secretary of the Eight Hoars, \- Anniversary Committee, stated by direction of his society, that the names of the life- governors to charitable institutions appointed by the trades had not yet been placed on the tablets. ' Mine Uncle.' Edwin Cravrcour. secretary to the Pawn brokers' Association wrote with a Tiew to solicit the Council's sympathetic co-operation in its endeavour to defeat Isaac's Usury Bill. This rneasure, said Mr. Crawcour, would inflict great hardship on the people it was proposed to benefit. Profits made by pawnbrokers were not so large as those made by other trades. He asked that representatives from the Association be allowed to attend a Council meeting and give expressions to their views. 'Jam.' A gentlemen in the jam trade wrote, stating that although they had no union the boss of the Bosella Preserving Company, where employes had worked o2k hoars, had voluntarily decided to reduce the time to -18. [This is all right, as far as it goes, but did the kind toss alto reduce the pay ? Perhaps trade was s'ack, you know. If The Tocsis is wrong in this surmise it wUl apologise next issue. — Ed.] The Clothing Board. The Trimmers and Cutters'. Society, which; is defunct, except when its ghost is resuscitated for a, special purpose, intimated that A. Klemmer was its nominee for the Clothing Board in place ofjS. Harrison. Delegate Gibson, however, knocked the stuffing out of this. innocent look intimation by stating that the Tailors and Tailoresses had nominated a gentleman named Ewe (you pronnonce it U.E.), and said an attempt was being made to get a manager of a factory on to represent the employers. There was one such gentleman already representing the employer?, and another would mean double representation, air. iiwe was trie only.umonigt nominated, and he asked all members of the Council to use their best endeavours to secure his return. Labour Congress. Another letter was received from Adelaide re La bour Congre3s and Eight Hours Celebration to be held in September, and stating the Congress syllabus would include the question of the State educating the children free (and finding school books), abolition of the contract systetr-, the minimum wage question, old age pensions, employers liability legislatio-n, universal half holiday, the people's power of initiating legisla tion and the referendum, industrial federation, boy labour and kindred questions, amendment of the Merchant Shipping Act on the fines of New Zealand's law, and emp'oyment on Sta tions. The Council has already appointed three delegates. The Wiles Hiheps. Delegate Graham asked what had been done re the Jliners Strike in ? Wales. The President replied that the Executive haa the matter under consideration, and were taking action. The trenwith Hallway Inquiry. Delegate Sl'Cabe asked what the Executive had done in regard to the investigation alleged to have been made by Trenwith. n, registration for employment at the Eailway Department, 'Would a report be presented that evening I The President : No. . : Delegate Al'Cabe: I am sorry for that. : Sweating in the Baking Trade. Delegate Anderson asked if the Executive had, done anything iu regard to. the Bt. Hilda case where a baker was only fined 1?. for- a breach of the Factory Act. . . President Hyman said the Executive; .,w.as making enquiries. . ' . '' . Furniture Tradfi Wairfic: / Delegate Dobson reported that , the. Wages Board in, the above trade had fixed the rate of pay at la. per houri (Applause), ; Unemployed. ; : Delegate Barker reported that public5 meet- ings were being. held in the suburbs to ufge'the Government to find. work. for the unemployed. ?„ The Rev. Arch. Turnbull introduced a depu tation from, the l'aria Belief 'Works. ; The; men complained that their, pay ; had been reduced from 6s. per day to 4s. 6(3. * It was at .attempt on ? the part of the1 Government to sweat the : worker p. ; ? ? .. :?.-? r; :.?? - '?'???'? ??-'?? ? ?' ???'? -[' '???? Cunningham ', one of the - men, said he had been working t hr'ee 'weeks at: 68. per dayi arid now the officers of the xlepartment, Mr. Catani, Mr. David sou,.; .and others, had decided to put ther men on. piece, work at, 5d. per; truck. ..? That , would mean 4^.;6d. per day of eight hours. The men .asked for 7cj.; per truck, :but.were :told vby thp : railway officials = that they would:, let the .work by contract before; they; would give moie than 5d. .-:?:][ ??, ? .:'i ?.. ? -; ?-£: Delegate IH'Cabe: The threat i.«, if men will ino't/' work- at'- sweating wages; the;w6rk' will be ^givensto a contractor.- i^d^'M- ..w^hAbII /iU : ^'Delegate' B-aird : 'jjAnd'''ljh at' ,T yirquld v 'mean ?^eadVig'un^ertheiCo^raccbr. ,, ;\; ''''/, ''{. .7^ '? ? President Hyman: said the = Council' would take some action to assist the men. - - ?; w- .r ? ;.r- The deputation then withdrew. ' - A Reading1. Mr. James Smith then read a paper on the Aboliiion of Labour, and. after passing the usual -rotes of thanks and compliments the Council adjourned. 