WEST AUSTRALIA. I PERTH, November 19. In consequence of the remarks by the Chief Justice to the effect that particulars for the publication of the writ list in the daily trade circulars should not be furnished by registrars of the Supreme Court, the registrar has since refused the publisher of the circular access to the official lists of those against whom writs have been issued. A large meeting of commercial men this afternoon expressed an opinion in favour of the continuation of the publication of the lists in the Trade Circular, and decided to ask the Chief Justice to receive a deputation, in order to request that facilities to the publishers to obtain the names should be restored. November 21. The Chief Justice announced at the sitting of the Full Court to-day that he had received a letter asking him to receive a deputation to urge that facilities be restored for the continuance of publication of the daily writ- list. He said it was impossible for him to receive the deputation. If he were exceeding his powers in directing that facilities for obtaining the writ-list be not given, it would be open to aggrieved parties to taken action. Considerable alarm has been experienced by timid residents. at Cannington,, near Perth, at the frequent appearance of a conventionally attired ghost. Lately a number of the residents waylaid the apparition, who surrendered on being bailed up by revolvers. The costume consisted of a sheet, with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint. The party decided not to hand him over to the police, but to administer a sound thrashing with a paling. This was accordingly done, and the ghost was then set at liberty. On Saturday a fruit hawker named Jules Henri Betrix reported to the police at Mount Malcolm that his mate, John Malone, had been kicked to death by a horse. The police proceeded to the scene, near Garden Well, between the North Star and Richmond Gem mines, and found Malone's hotly covered with blood. He had terrible injuries behind the; right ear. Subsequently a post-mortem examination was made, and an inquiry held, and in consequence of suspicions of foul play being aroused Betrix was arrested by Constable Keeley, who made an inspection of the scene of the occurrence, in company with a black tracker and a man named Cull 1 ston, to whom Betrix first reported the matter. Cullston pointed out where the body was found, and about 14 yards away the constable found a pool of blood dried up ; also a stick stained with blood and evidences that the body had been moved for some distance after the deceased had been killed. Dr. Healey, in giving evidence at the inquiry, stated that he did not consider the wounds could have been indicted as a result of a kick from a horse, but they might have been caused by the stick produced. Two miners named Firbank, also gave evidence to the effect that they heard groaning near the spot on Friday night. They took a lantern to investigate, and were met by a man answering the description of Betrix, who said nothing was the matter. Almost immediately afterwards Bel rix went to the camp of Culliton, and asked him to get up and come over, as his mate had been kicked by a horse. The accused was committed for trial on a charge of murder, The deceased had a wife and family in New South Wales. 