A STRUGGLE WITH A MANIAC t -uaiH' 1 . " 1 . uvUMir»— All Bights Reserved. Wo were all seated around a roaring fire, for it was the cold weather in India; the evenings were raw and ohilly, and though we were in Bengal, a Era was really acceptable. On the particular evening of which I write we' were a party of .ladies;.- the.- men. had all gone off after dinner to attend to lotteries, sb wo were at an up-country race . meeting, and we were consequently left, to our own devices. Wo were camping rather luxuriously in a largo uninhabited house, which had been prepared for our' reception by our' host, a sporting and hospitablo civilian. ' After chatting for somo time, silence- had fallen upon us, and we had sat' gazing into the fire for several moments, each : thinking her own thouuglita. Somo amongst us doubt less had sad and bitter momories, whilst others were weaving bright visions of future happiness — visions which, alas, are seldom realised. I can remember tho scene so wel,l seem to see it now. Tho bare, scantily-furnished room, fitfully illuminntcd by tho flickering iflamcs of the fire— for we hud sent away the .lamps — which threw its uncertain light first 'on one face, then another, until there was .something fantastic' arid weird about -the manner in which.it danced from side to side. Suddenly a large' piece of wood which had been smouldering for some time fell asunder- and, leaping into life, tho flames surrounded and enveloped it, throwing, their radiance into even the far corners of tho room as they did so, fintil, in the very exuberance of their 'life, they burnt themselves down to a dull i level, and a steady glow succeeded the brilli ance which had - been too bright to last. Giving an impatient, sigh, a girl, one of tho \- youngest amongst us, who had been seated : on tho floor staring into' the fire with a dreamy, far- away look in her eyes, suddenly exclaimed: ".How dreadfully solemn wo all are ! Lot us do something Dimming. Can't anybody tell us a story — not a stupid old ghost story, but a real live one of something which has happened ? I am sure you could tell ub one, dear Mrs. Grey," she ended, looking with lovely imploring eyes into tho face of the lady against whose kneo she had been lean ing. -The lady addressed was a pretty,' fair woman, with a bright, happy face. Stroking tho girl's hair lovingly, she said: " Why do you tliink I can toll you a story, Ailccn ? I never told one in 'my life." " Well, do try now." pleaded Ailcen. "You said only .this morning that you once had acuriousand dangerous adventure," .1 here interrupted; ' " if it is not anything you very much' dislike talking about, couldn't 1 you toll us that ?" Mrs. Urey made no reply for-a monicnt 'or two, but appeared to bo .taking counsel with our oid friend the firelight, as she once more ' turned her gazo towards it. ' ' " I will tell you- one true story of an ad venture which I once lmd," slio said at last, " but before doing so; I shall l'avo to tell < you something which happened to mo before ;I over came to India. ' Shall- 1 begin ?'-' she ' inquired, glancing at our faces, which by now \- wore all turned towards her- ' > Wo assured hcr.that we wore all eagerness . to hear what she liad to tell, so, settling her self comfortably in hor chair, she began: " I was the only girl- among a family of ' fivo brothers, four of whom were older than : myself. When oply .seventeen I became en gaged to Hoihcrt Millor. He was about ten years- my senior, and had- been introduced i to my parents by my eldest brother, who i really knew .very little of him; they had, however, just exchanged into the Bame regiment which had been ordered to India. " My engagement at first gave great satis faction to my father and mother, as Herbert Miller was of good family, had a consider" nble income at that time, and would some day be a rich man, as ho was an " only child, and his father whs extremely wealthy. - " I loved him when I accepted him, but I lir.d not been ongaged to bim for many weeks before I discovered thatl conld not possibly marry him, as he hud a temper which was at times so violent, that his paroxysms of rage made him positively mad, ho became quite .incapablo of controlling himself; and knew riot what 'ho said .or did when uniler its influence. The' provocation required to put him in this state of mind, which bordered on lunacy, was so slight that I dreaded any thing vexing or annoying him past words. " At last— one day— after "a fit of. anger worso than any I had ever witnessed, in which he . did not spnro me ', oven, : for I had vexed, him in ' trying ito calm , his wrath— I told him that 'I could not possibly marry a man with such . an unfortunate Toiliiig. ' . ' " He used every argument he could think of t.o' induce mo to reconsider riiy decision, . hut - I was obdurate. . Young- as I was,I know that my lifo would bo one of absolute misery if I married him. " My parents were thankful at tho escape I had rmulo from what, be my outward for tune over so bright, could only have proved a most unhappy life. . "Herbert Miller, when he became ,ot last convinced that my decision was unalterable, left mo, vowing that lie would bo revenged on me for having jilted him, ns ho terihod'it. " When we "parted, lie turned to me with a look of malignant hatred in his eyes, which 'haunted mo' for months, saying: ' However long I may wait, iNvill have ray revenge at last.' " Two years passed,, and I onco uioro be came engaged, and again, strangely enough, to a man in the same . regiment as that in whioh ' my: brother r Charlie and Herbert ; Miller still) were. . I-know Captain Grey too well before wo became engaged to bo in any doubts as to the kindness of his nature. . I told liimall about the episode o my previous engagement, at , tho same time.begging him to exchango from his.regimont' which was then in India;: he, . however, laughed aside my fears about Herbert. Miller," Baying. that ' ho was.very unwilling to" leave his regiment ' , as he was fondof it, and disliked exceedingly ; tho notion of exchanging into ,anotlicr one. jl saw that it really would-be a source' of groat \- . l trouble to him if I insisted upon hiB doing so. At last wo settled that; unless' the posi tion after trying it proved a very unpleasant quo for mo; ho would remain with his regi- merit. ;r ,' ' : ' ' ." When wo arrived in India the regiment ' - was Statidncd ' in'' Calcutta,' -arid - matters V; turned \ out very . much better than. I; had dared to hopo.. Beyond an exchango of the hrircst; civilities when, wo met py chiuico in ...'society; I never saw Herbort Miller.- Some- :' ' . timas wc'eks pasBod without my oven speak- : ' 'irigtoliim; hb.had, I fancied, quite forgot- , y ten ilia threat. His tem per was, if. possible V ' .worso thandver, and often' tvas I", thankful ' - that I had - discovered' it in time. What a V yiife of misery, I thought, should I have led as tho wife of such a nan. " Four years passed very happily, oar little ' . soil was born a -year after our marriage, ,, lindmy lifd was full of peace and content ; bat if; , -5 fl break camo and the regiment was ordered on , ' hotivo sorvico.Somo frontier tribes in Assam, : . i -' which had, for 'aoiaqtiiao been giviiqgtronble, had risen in open rcbcljiou; and my hus band's regiment was airiongst tho firqt ordered to quell the disturbance. .' .With bitter tears, and an aching heart, I said, 'Goodbye' to my liuaband. As I bodo " adieu to all the other officora I could - not leave out .Herbert Miller,' who, as he- shook mo by tho hand, stored straight into my eyes, with again that malignant -look -in his face, whioh I had never forgotten,' hissing, out.bctween his closed teeth as he did'so:' " ' Yon think I have forgotten, hot I never forgot.' " Next day I was on my' way home. - I re mained in England for a -year. I conld not rejoin my hnBband, for, though tho fighting was over, no ladies could go to tho place in which his regiment then was stationed; bat-, at last, I heard from him that he had.leftrbis regiment for. a time, -arid was going into political/employment,, and could now have mo. with him. . He had been appointed too station far up on the frontier in a wild, out- of-the-way district, , hut he knew I would rather go to liim, even there, than reriiain at home iilohe;' so I was to start with- the boy as soon as I could get ready- " My prepara tions did riot toko long, nnd l was very sonn on my way to India. " My first disappointment took' place on my arrival in Calcutta, where my husband had intended meeting mo. He wroto that ho could not do so, as just, at the last ho had found it impossible to got leavoi Ho,- how ever, sent a trusty servant— Sam, a Madrasce, who had been with us over since our arrival in India. I started by ono of the river steamers from Calcutta, and travelled up the Brahmapootra, a journey which in those days took , much longer ; than it does now. My husband would meet me at tho landing, he wrote, and wo would travel -ori to our <lcs: tination together. The voyage in the boat was drawing to a close, ana wncn it was ended I was met by another disappointment. Everything was still so unsettled that it was impossible to get leave, and so I had to mako my journey into - tho interior alone. One more week, however, "and-I- should reach my destination. -. . " Wo travelled during the day in a bullock cart, halting each night at rest-houses on the' way. Three days before I reached my final destination I was to pass the night only a mile an ay- from tlio hastily-constructed bar racks in which ' our regiment '—as I always called it— hiss stationed. My brother was with tho regiment, and it had been arranged that my last two days' ' travelling should bo done, on horseback, with him as'iny escort. " How delighted I folt when, aftor. four days' travelling with little Dick and Sam for my solo companions, I arrived at Minipoo ! My brother,- 1 knew, could not arrive until the .- following morning; as ' 'he had been ordered out - into - the district o'n: duty. But I -had - finished the last .stage qf my solitary journey; to- riiorrow I- .should see Charlie, and only two days after that I should be with my husband onco' more, I thought. Orders.had bcon given to tho khansamali (butler) to lia'vc everything comfortable and ready for me. " Tho bungalow was very picturesquely situatod on the top of a thickly-wooded Hill, overlooking a dense forest; it wiis built in a clearing cut in the jungle, whioh oxtendod four, miles. As' we entered I saw. two mon leaving the" verandah with ' guns in their hands. Sam informed mo that they were two sahibs, one of whom had been staying there for - somo days, the other liad only ar rived that morning; they were going out for shikar, he concluded. I thought it rather odd that, they should go out at sucli a late hour, when darkness must so soon overtake them, but not fooling tho least interested in them, I turned my attention to making Hick and myself as comfortable as. I could for the night. " Tho bungalow was rather curiously built in a square; it consisted of four rooms, two on either Bido-of a long passage which tan the whole length of the house. My two rooms opened .into ono another, and each had two doors lending into tho corridor. The-. outer room, in which I hid decided to sloop, also had two doors opening on to the verandah. Tho , inner room was very dark as it only communicated witli tho corridor, the doors of which were nocossaiily shut, and tho outer room. A small window somo ten feet from tho ground, supplied what little light and ventilation there was. Tho bath-rooms at tached to theso two rooms wcro very incon veniently situated' outsido in the verandah, there being no moans of 'getting into thorn from tho rooms. . Visiters ... to the bungalow were evidently rare, and I supposed that the other half of "the bungalow, was bet ter arranged than tho one which it had fallen to my lot to occupy. I congratulated myself upon its being the cold season, as tho heat would have been quite unbearable during tho hot weathor. . " Some time was taken up .in getting the rooms mad'o as comfortable as. .possible; then I bathed, changed my travel-stained garments, and attended' to Dick. -Having ascertained that the-1 Sahibs " dined at'half- past,sqvpn,I ordered my dinner to bo brought to mo in my room at the same time: As. it had become very cold and damp after sunset I hod a fire lighted in- the sitting-room. Sam accordingly brought a shovel-full of lighted embers, with which ho kindlod a fire, and whon he had pilod up some logs against tho wall,'! told him to go and have his dinner, as I should not. want him again, for an hour, when ho would have' to bring, my dinner to no.' When ho had taken his departure, say ing with a cheery .smile: ' Then I done go and have my dinner, missus,', I settled myself down by the fire with an iriterqeting book' to read. ' Hick fell' asleep' oh . the floor by my feet.-, I put a pillow - under his -head, .and covered him with a rug, and there ho lay,, tho firelight playing curious tricko among his thick, goldon curls; one little' hand reBted under bis clieek, whilst tight; clutched in tho- othor he. held a ' trumpot, the onlybnc of his; toys ho Hiid' Insisted upon bringing with him., I felt terribly, lonely. I read for a while and tried not to think how, quiet it was, but. by degrees the silence became positively oggres- sivo; it overwhelmed me, it seemed as if it vrere something tangifale- that eoold be felt, arid, paradoxical-as it may 'sound, conld-aiso bo. heard. Never haij'I oxperionced'anytliing like tho intense solitnde which surrounded me.; I weqt anfl looked oaten to .the -veran dah. I walked along the length of -it- ont- side ond pooped- as I passed into the other two rooms, " which also' opened on to it- Lights were -burning in them,'.' hub silence and solitude held .their swayihere-' too. .Tho . servants were alloridowtiy out sido in the kitebon, which was on the other Bide- of thohouse. . " I lcant agaiust-thc railing, of the. srom- dsh, and looked out into the dnrknese. No ray .of light wns . vfarible. Tbo hooso waa surrounded hy pine - trees; and ttioir masses iookedpositivaly black as I gazed up at them. They grew close np to-tho house,i»> close that I could reaqh tho. trenk;of one' by leaning over tho Tailing, and tho. branches, swaying slightly in a faint breeze which spramg-up at tho moment, touched tho reef of the veran dah. Tho noise this made, slight as it was, seemed a relief from tho utter' silence, but 8omebow-it wended- tmcahny. I shuddered .with eold,.rodaomeihipg vcryriike-ieaT-eiept over me as I - tunted and re-entered the fpom, whhMwwhrh oontrast -withtlnld- pees and blackness; outside. - looked -bright and.chcerful. Still I felt d'c'solato antl lonely. I piled somo wood on the fire, which gave out' a warm glow.'lighting up the room. I looked round with a stert when a log foil on to the heartli. How stupid I was. I.thou'ght; Itwas no-uso fighting - against ythe feeling which overwbolmcd me..so I got up hrid;hegari peeing up and down the room. I looked at. Hick, still 'sleoping. worn out with his journey. How I wi.Bhqd the child would wake and cheer mo with his chotterl l wished; Sam would coriid backi' even that tho two men would return.' What were they. doirig-in the forest for so long, I wondered? I looked at my watoli; it was only seven— still another, half -hour before dinncr-tiwo. How slowly tbo timo was passing ! "Suddenly the silence was broken; a shot, -was . fired -only - a few yards from tho .house, nnd I- fancied that I" conld distinguish voi'cea talking. - I went.to the door on the verandah and opened it. Yes, there wore voices, and 1 could hear people running. rapidly about. Then, for a few moments stillness—utter 'stillness. Then, close beside me, from out tho blackness sur rounding the fir-trees, I saw' a face, tho very memory.of- which will. haunt me to my dying day; heard a voico whoso tones I knew so well saying, with a fiendish, mocking langli, ' I never forgot ' ; saw a gun raised and .painted towards me, ns I stood helpless and alono, horror struck witli fear at the droadfttl fate which was coining to me. I put my hands over my. cars' and closed my eyes as the trigger .was being .pulled, then, just as' the gun was fired, a figure sprang out of tho surrouriding-hlnokneHB and knocked it from tho hand of the man- who hold it, rind I could hear the bullet whizzing through tho darkness until it found its homo apparently in the trunk of one of tho forest trees. "'Fly for your life,' shouted a man's voice; bis face was still invisible. Turning 1 fled into tho room, shutting tlio door behind me,and with difficulty placing against it the heavy bar which kept, it closed. Though trembling with excitement and fear, I also managed to shut the outer door opening on to tho verandah. . "Next -moment ono of the doors from tho corridor slowly opened and Bam crept in tho room. Ilia face bad assumed that peculiar grcyisli tint which shows that a nutivo is under the influence of some strong emotion; there was howevtr, no flinching in his look ; liis eyes wore clear, his mouth sot and determined. Hanger had come, but Sain -would not desert mo, 1 felt sure. " 'That Captain Miller Sahib, missus, done gone mad. Take a shot gun and say will kill miBsus,' he said.. " For one moment fear- fell upon mo, and I thought my hour had coirie, hut only for a moment did I give, way to the feeling; then I determined that I would at any rate fight for my lifo. I would die hart. In tho meuntimo Sam and I had been examining doors arid fastenings. " The verandah doors, were, as I have said, disposed of, but of the four winch opcncd'On to the outside only three fastened securely, by means of tho heavy wooden bars already mentioned. The fourth door had no fastening whatever. We placed all the furniture wc could collect against it; there, were only two beds and same'tahlcs and a strong man "pushing with any force against tho door, which opened inwards, could, I foresaw, open it at'onco. 1 piled nil tlio logs of wood Sam bad brought for the firo against tho wall near the door. Itiatruok me with a bitter irony how useless all these precautions would prove if . .the man I "feared was still in possession of the gun. . Tho time occupied by theso preparations was only a few moments." Jnst as they wore complete .we heard voices in the next room, and a severe struggle was evidently going on; then I heard one man say : If you firo at her, by Heaven I. will brain you the next moment,' anil the. other voice replied: ' Will kill - her if I hang for it. I said I never forgot," and I never do.' .. " After this a scuilling sound, then sud denly a shot was fired, and a bullet fic'w past me, but about a foot to my right, as I stood near the door, listening with a sense of sick ening fear to. what was passing on tho other sido of it. " After this a terrible noiso and confusion ensued; several nativos evidently canio to help, and tlioy at last succeeded in securing tho maniac, who appeared to bo possessed of almost superhuman strength. .' One last des: pcrato effort to cscapo on his part-ran. effort 'which wbb evidently frustrated with great diffieul'.j' — was sucq'eedcd by a pause, and siloncc, then I heard somebody . trying tho verandah door, and that Bomebody said: t" 1 Captain Miller is safo for tho timo being; como and speak to me for a moment. Don't open the door, but listen to what I say.' .- ' This man is a raving lanntic. Besides myself : there ore only four native servants hofe, and of those four two are practically useless. Wo have scoured him for tlio prcs- ent-with a rope— tho only one wo could find; it is old nnd rotten; and should ho get loose again," hcavon help us all, as Ills maniacal strength is equal to that of four men.' " '.You must get news sent to the fort; it isonlyamUe away, and the road by which you came passes within a hundred yards of it. Your servant must go; on no account attempt to do so yoursolf, as. should ho get looso againand find yen liavo left the house, ho wonhl mako straight for: tho rood to tho. fort. ' I can-protcot -you whilst ho is in tho, house; but onco he leaves it' I an. helpless.'' : " I had no time to reply to this speech-as at this momont the ehrioke' and stenggles in the next room reconfmenced. . Sam, who- had been' standing close beside me during this- colloquy, now' riaid: ' , " I will go to -the fort- missus, to Captain Lord, and tell' him to ee mo-right along with soldier men. ; I run qiiick and soon come back.' " ' Very weli, Sam,' -I replied, much- more bravely than I felt, for it-scemed dreadful to be left- alono. to fate the horrors of tho proximity of the shrieking, straggling wretch, in the next room. . But how will yon go, 'Sam-? I daro not-open-the door. ' Sam's face- fell for a moment, but bright- -oncd immediately aa glancing up at the- window.Bet high in the wail, he said : " ' Iiclimb np there and- fall on-the -ground outside.' . _ " He accordingly plocodmsmall'tahle-uii- -dcr-tho window, on ' whioh ho-putooobair. The window was, as-Fhavo Said; somo tea 'l«t abovo4be , ground— itwas- rcaBy- apace Kft -whea-tho.houeowaa boilt — andthededge iras lormed by thodepth-of-teo wall. Sam telinibed ap-on to this - ledge,. bat jnsteasiho was about to drop ' itoim on-to-tho gsotqtd- -ontado-a dreadfol-tbonghbatenck me. "'Bom,' I said, 'you donlt know the 'iwoxdvhoiwwsll youpasstheisentry'? " ' Missus write a letter,' said-Sam, -some what doubtfully, descending from- tho lodge on which he had squatted- himself. " ' lhat would-be nqmE&to-;'ehow-thfteeo- try,' I said. ' Arid you told-rite to-day how «tnictthey.wero in not-allnwiag-peoplriilnto dSmfort.' " Sam's-dneky countenan onlorikeillaOi of- dismay aa'ho pondcredthie dUerama, ix Aftec a momentls pauBe,.ho-wever, glansipgpahtr ms ssiff'- - - i If missus; let . me. tako Massn Hick, I; get in at once. - I tell the sontry my story and h'e' beliovo 'it diteotly. moment he see' white child along of mi£' : - - -'? j.;;. " This proposition at first appeared im-. possible, and I said that I would riot, could not, let the child go; but I Sooo saw that Sam was right.' . With Hick as his-'witntes lie could pass anywhere; alone, he might be tekori prisoner, nnd if holp did not come soon I shuddered to think of what might happen. " A fresh outbreak-of : wild crios from the next room decided me; the ohiid niust go. " He awoko just. as I had come to this de cision, for he had slept all through the noise. " Kneeling doivn on the floor "bcside'liim, and patting my arm round tho little fellow, I said: " ' Hick is to be a big boy, and to go out of that little .window with Sam to be Sam's trumpeter; Sam is going to call sonic soldiers to take away that had 'man wlio inakcs so much noiso, but Hick iuust blow his' trumpet or Sam can't go,' " Whilst saying this. Sam- and I were hastily dressing the child irTKs little ulster and thick boots. ' " ' " ' Is it dark outside? ' asked Hick. " ' Yes, darling, but Big" -T5oys"Bdn't mind dark, do they ?' " hVo,' said Hick doubtfully,; but you conic too, mother,' lie said, rubbing his little rosy, warm clicek against mine. . ." Choking back a sob, I said: " ' No, Dick, ! can't, . -You- must 'make linste and play a now game.' "As I spoke I.knottcd two sheets together and tied tlicm round the child, Sara in tho meantime had mounted oil to the window- sill, so, giving tlio child one long .' mother's kisB,' 1 put hiui oil tlio. table, and from there on to the chair, and ' Sam, reaching down, caught hold of. the end of tho sheet in his hand and pulled him up by it, whilst I steadied liim from below. All sense of fear left tlio child,- who was quite excited by tho novelty of tlieso proceedings; Looking down at me, lio said; blowing his h.tnimpct; which ho had all along held clnspcd in '.liis chubby hand: '.I will bring - soldiers: soon, motlior. Don't bo afraid.' Sam then lowered bim on to the ground outside, and with' a reassuring 'All right, missus, . we cojijo back quick,' disappeared with Hick in hifi'arras. I heard hiB step as ho moved Btcalthjly through the wood. When that sound- ceaBtid, silence— utter silence— rcigiicil nround." " How I wondtred what wus taking place in the next room ! I strained every nerve, but could hear nothing, I presently dis covered, liowevor, that by slightjy enlarging witha. knifo tho hole uhidlv thd bullethnd made through the door, I edultl peep through and seo across the corridor into tlio . opposite room, t-b'e doors of which -were oiion. A strarigo siglit met my gaze. - Seated in 0. chair placed just in front of tlio -door, unshaven, dishevelled; - bound ; hand and foot-, ".was Herbert Miller, gazing with tlio look of a wild animal in his 'oyes at tlio mon who sur rounded him. . ' My protector ' sat.u little to the right of liiiri in an attitude of extreme watchfulness. Resting . against , his chair was a gun. He was it middle- aged man with a very dcterinincd-lookiiig.face; he "was short and thick-set, but apparently, cxtrcnu-ly powerful. i " Squatted nonr him were.' the; four natives of- whom he had spbkori ; ono S-jak quite a hoy,, whilst tho other was a feeble-looking old man. Tho only two who .would bo of any uso, .1 foresaw, if it cuinc. to'.'U' flgbt, -were the, khansamali, ovidently a"' Muteuliiiani.'arid a' counti-y bearer, probably the servant of riiy protector; he 'looked a. reiy -powerful; man, but I now clearly ;saw- . that if .it came. to a strugglcj it-would bo a caso of -ono English- man and. two. natives bcing.matchcd against tho strength of a maniac. . " Iter somo time I remained spoil-bound, silently gazing on this strange scene. Lulled into a false socurity by' the quietness of their prisoner, tho natives gradually relaxed their vigilance, and the two men nearest to him— i the two strongest — sat witji 'thoir heads bowed upon their ' knees, apparently fast asleep; the' Englishman, even, was nodding. Suddenly, making onc'mighty mad effort, for which hp strained every limb, and musclo, tho madman managed to' burst the rope which bound his arms.- From, somo port of hiB dress he produced a knifo, which be must have' taken off the tablo.ready laid for dinrior, and concealed about him; and with, one cat severed tho rope which conlinbd his legs. Then commanced a strugglostop horrible to describe; ho made one bound towards, .tlio Englishman and nearly succeeded in getting possession of his giiri; for onb moment, full of sickening fear I thought ho lmd done so, but Mr. Middlcton— for that waa his name — succeeded in wrenching it from his grasp, and throw it behind him as ho now needed both hands tu guard himself from the frantic attacks of -liis enemy, who, mod' with disap pointment and rage,; rushed on him, his teeth clcnchod, his eyes starting front his head, a look of diabolical : malignity in hiB face. The two .tall natives pamo gallantly forward, but, as I hdd foreseen/ tho fled, .' leaving theso three men to fight one who seemed possessed . with the power of six. It was horrible to sco, more horrible still to hear, as tho maniac from' time to timo gavo buret to wild cries, more resembling, thoso of an animal in pain; than anything human. " His struggles continuod for long, and lie occasionally becamo exhausted and would be quiet for a few moments, but only' to renew, his efforts with in.ereasqd yigour. Theso .intervals, howcvcr,:gavo the thfeo men . time to recover their breath and strength, bote of which seemed as if they must soon fail. I -saw that they wore becoming wearied out, :and I noticed -Mr. Middlctbn during a qnict iiiterval hastily -regaiiv posSresVon" 6f hisgun. I tlien know that he hod determined to uso "it if ho found his strength- would hold.out .no longer— he bad, I saw, no alternative. Bat I prayod as I hod never prayed before, that it should not .be necessary, prayed that I might riot witness-tho death of one who 'htiid -ante been very door to me. 'I listened intently for any sign of rescue, then at last I heard tho sound of homes galloping, rind almost before I realised thatl waseavod, the next room wus fiQcd with soldiers, or so' it seemed to me. In reality te'ere.wero eight-of ;teem.twoofiicors;.bothof whont- Ikncw well. andi.BiT soldiets. It was spoil over; seeir teat rcsiatance waa-in vain, Captain Miller -aBewsed himself to be secured, and was masdieid-off teriie foct-in chai®o ot tbe-'-oix men. Hu fatevras a veryoad-oi»;lnywiuw)ent down to . Caloatta, ajrid from teonoe homn. Hois ahopelesa-lunatic, -ariddspoQfineihfor life in an asylnra., '' ' ' " From tee . two-'offitem-I hoard how Sans and-iittlo Hick had' fared. The preseoee of "the child had) aaamfoTepaw,y onaMod" hinr to pass thocoritrics casilyq'.'aod ho' entered tee rouglffyibnilt-mess-inzuBO with tho child! in.hia arms. Pattioghim'down- ontuide the doair and tafcing eff his cap, ho gavo-hitu-my letter, telling him to give it to-tho sahih-who wascated at tho hpad of tbo tablo— tho offloorawore atdhraor. . Someewhat abashed, tee little feUourwalkod inte- teerooiri, cling- ingwitetene hand to Sairi, whflst Eanfy graspedtfn-tha other-bo-lndtLiarIetteE,oand BtSinuchrizedtriimprit. "D«ztl3ijy;th»-glaai. qf - CSie lights, the aettered-enrexrilateotiott o(i-;Re.-entered: .te» "Zoom, bntwatlriilairrririCTfflg'gfiiSoqagatlonw outstretehed. hand ho solemnly marched towardstho table. - Imagine the sarpriso.of the mon -seated around it, whon in their midst:ihey.Saw.:a little fair-haired English child, who announced in, solomn tones that ho lind come / tor fetch spmo ' soldier mon.'. Samtold. liia story, of which my letter proved the truth, so in hot hasto th'ey monntod and rode to my rescue. , " Mr. Midilletim, my proteoter, was an official in the forest department; he had only arrived - at Mimpoo that day. Captain Miller' had token leave a week previously, having beard of my expected airival, anil, unknown to .hie brother officere, hod been staying in the bungalow daring that time. Mr. Middleton hod noticed nothing peculiar about him until just before my arrival, when ho became so strange and excited teat, under pretence of showing him some, peculiar bird which could only be shot at dusk, linking his arm in his, he had induced him to go "into the forest with him— his design being to got liim into, the fort, and . there givo tho alarm and have him secured. With! all. a madman's cunning, Captain Millor evidently suspected his desigri, and insisted upon going in an opposite direction.- When they, after wandering- aimlessly about for Bomo time, again. nenfed thobungalow. he suddenly, de clared his intention of murdering me, and a scuffle ensued with tho result that I have already described." , . \\- f There," she ended,' ' " that" is a ' true story,' Ailccn, and I hope yon like it; I shall never forget that evening, I ..am sure. " My brother came for mo the next - day, and we went on together to my liusband, who. joined us two marches further, oiit." ' . " Do you over hear of; Mr. Middleton ? " I naked. "I think it was receiving a letter from.him torday which hfonght tho, whole occurrence so vividly hoforo'me," sho .replied. " You can imagine how deep is my feeling of grati tude to the man who saved mie from, what might liave beon a horrible death," sho ended quietly. . ' - / ' . 