H 'D&POBTK; By J. O. B. The Chinaman always attracted attention, whether he stayed at home or went abroad. His pigtiil and ' pidgin ' English offended the fine sensibilities of Californian and Australian roughs — his Machiavellian grip of the whole gamut of deceit made European diplomats secretly envious. A few years' residence in Pekin taught the latter that when the Question was one of crookedness they were but little children picking up tiny shells Df guile on the shores of the great ocean of Orien tal~craf t, while the real treasures of subtlety were Ear beyond their reach. Then came the Japanese lesson to sweep away poor John's cobwebs of cun oing, to expose his feebleness and invite the Euro pean eagles to the feaBt, much as South African iiamonds invited the vultures. Like Wolsey, he would not now be naked to his enemieB had he but served bis great Empire as he has Berved his small Emperors. * * * * In view of what is taking place a few weeks from our shores, it is droll to turn up the opinions of the late Sir Henry Parkes and of many promi nent Australians during his day. The Chinese Fee-faw-fum, lord of the Middle Kingdom and leader of 400 millions, was never far from our coasts. Travellers, of course, knew better — knew the Empire to be 60 hopelessly rotten that a combined effort even within its own confines was chimerical. But the simulacrum served its purpose up to the day when Japan let the light into it and the sawdust out. -Then it was hur riedly buried so far as Australia was concerned and its victor put in its place. Apart from the looming partition, it is instructive to keep an eye on the problem the Confucians have tackled now that Russians have been engaged to reorganise and drill their armies. A partial solution of the fiercely-debated question regarding the conflicting claims of heredity and environment is at hand. If young Ghiatese whose eires have been humble and timid for ages can be turned into fearless soldiers in a few years, heredity will have to speak a little lower and consent to be less cocksure. The Swedes taught the Russians to beat them. If the Muscovites do the same for the Mongols, there'll be wigs on the Celestial green before the 20th century brat is out of bibs. jfc JK *. ' 4fe After many years, the Sydney ' Zoo ' is to be opened on Sunday afternoonB. Why it was. ever closed will be a puzzle to our children. Still, as the controversies of one generation are the com monplaces of the next, it is always as well to ao cept what's given without inquiring too minutely as to why it was so long withheld. Whether the poor relations inside the bars will join their distant kin outside in appreciating the change it would be premature to say. Much will depend on the latter's conduct. On the first day of opening a similar Sabbath show in a distant city an intelligent hid gave the leading elephant a plug of tobacco and awaited developments. He hadn't long to wait. When the grateful pachy derm realised the character of the present the career of that bright boy was abruptly terminated. The danger is that some Sydney youth on a calm Sun day will try the same experiment, adding a little peppor to give the morsel the necessary piquancy. Then he'll retire a considerable distance and watch, confident of some result from so much pains. As sure as fate, some country church warden, who, being away from home, like an Englishman in Paris, thinks it no sin to do as others, will be nearest the quadruped when the hitter finds his mouth full of tastes and his eyes of tears. Angry animals, like angry men, are un discerning — they don't pause to cipher things out. Much as the constable who seized an innocent Mongol to make up the number of lib? Chinese prisoners, one of whom hal escaped, the elephant takes the first that comes when his temper's up*. Serious, elderly men should bear this in mind when going to the ' Zoo ' on Sunday. * * * # Why the teeth of the Australian black are many and good while Jiiose of his white brother are few and bad has been at last explained. It -is because the coloured person who chews to live when he's all his grinders chooses to die when they've left him. No other course is open. Bet- . ter oblivion than the sorry farce of tnaxilliary movements that in no way aid digestion. The fact, therefore, that an aboriginal lives is a gua ? *-_ ll.l l:. i^_i.V ? a T«. S« ^:«P««m.4 ,..?-_? - . - ? ??'. . SSZl' !? Oi ' ?? ? ? I Besides, there's always art to fall back upon. With teeth at a guinea a set, the person who elects to go without them should be watched for his own *afety. It is impossible to attend a crowded theatre or meeting and look around without feeling that if the loss of ivories meant the same to black and white, laughter would not be eo general nor the world so populous. . * * * * ? . Mr. Joseph Fisher, of Melbourne, has demanded letters patent in New South Wales, and possibly throughout the world, for an improved revolving machine to be devoted to advertisements. To have walls, woods, and rocks obtrusively pro claiming the -virtues of ' vittles ' and drink is bad enough. But when to these is added a new kiad of machine in the interests of moving false hoods, affairs become -serious. When a lie is fixed, whether with nails, paste, or paint, it can be studied and exposed ; in fact it exposes itself. But a^revolving lie, like the ghosts at Macbeth's ban quet, is bo quickly followed by a bigger one that, while you're wrestling with the first there!s'no_ tinae to tackle the second, which accordingly spreads abroad the most obvious misrepresenta tions. The new machine, if it is really an im provement, will certainly exhibit 10 untruths a minute. There is a little bitterness in the reflec tion that while you're throttling the first the remaining nine go through. For it must be a poor fabrication that can be squelched in six seconds and allow breathing time before grappling- its suc cessor. There are whoppers that have lasted for centuries, that arise and forge ahead with fresh vigour' after every knock-down blow. Like the Wandering Jew, they turn up in the most unex pected' places when everybody thought they were in their coffins. And now they're, to be circulated by a revolving wheel, as if man himself without the aid of machinery, wasn't the best medium for the spread of fiction. * * * * Continents, islands, peninsulas, isthmuses, capes, and what not are at present in the position oE the turkeys in the fable, stuck with forks and request ing to be eaten. To the credit of New South Wales, she is on the alert for stray crumbs falling from any table, her mother's particularly. In Norfolk and Lord Howe islands she already enjoys oversea possessions useful in teaching her the diffi cult art of controlling communities beyond her borders. Her subjects on the unsubmerged mountain top which shelters the Bounty people's descendants gave a little trouble at first. But Syd ney forbearance, assisted by Salvationist fire, has brought the incipient rebels to repentance. The malcontents began by stealing the Gouvernante's rings and the policeman's revolver. It is hard to get rid of the hereditary tendencies developed over a century ago in the neighbourhood of Houndslow Heath. But the first tap of the big drum, followed by hymns and complicated knee drills, established society on a sound basis. And now the mother colony, so as to be mistress in her own house, demands the restoration of Goat Island, between Balmain and North Shore. It is at present an Imperial powder magazine with sufficient modern explosives to amalgamate vari ous suburban municipalities -in case of accident. With two islands at sea and an extra one at home, the process of annexation so modestly begun should not stop this side of South America. The Western Pacific has still cannibals to be reclaimed, and if some of our prominent public men would but devote themselves to the good work, the news that a few of them had been induced to remain would be received with equanimity. * * * * Last week the various colonial schools were mostly made up of contending young and survey ing old. In every case the head masters bore generous testimony to the conduct of the boys and the diligence of the girls. Non Angli sed angeli is what a stranger would have observed in presence of 60 much innooence. But public and parents looked silently on and said nothing. Like the Bailor's parrot, they were probably thinking deeply — turning over in their minds what was best to be done during the next few weeks if madness was to be avoided. For if any greater provocative ' to mental alienation exists than a well-filled quiver during a long vacation, it has so far remained undiscovered. At one school on breaking-up day the lade swung clubs and the lasses wand6. Some explanation should be given of this display. A boy is but following a natural instinct when he grips a club either to swing round his own head or crack his neighbour's. Clubbing commenced under the shadow of Eden, and, although the method has been improved upon, the desire remains. But where is the con nection between girls and wands P To be sure, a lady with rubies and a rod walked through Ire land some years ago, but the nativeB were too virtuous to meddle with her. They've changed lately. Besides, we've only the words of a poet for it, and there's a long-standing vendetta be tween poetry and truth. When a girl is 16 or 17 she's :t wand, in herself. Every young fellow she touches, even with her ungloved hand, suffers a change, occasionally into a hopeless idiot. And a droll use she sometimes makes of her power. No ; women cause enough trouble without wands to help them. . * * * . * The world has seen many Kosciuskos. Two alone demand notice — the 'first of Australian mountains and the last of Polish monarchs. The leagued oppression of the North suppressed the latter ; Mr. Wragge, the Queensland meteorolo gist, got over the other: It would be useless to continue the contrast, further than by adding that ' if freedom shrieked when the European Pole went down, it was the colonial scientists that did the bawling when Wragge's went up. Whether any thing will come of this attempt to wring informa tion from the everlasting hills remains to be seen. Truth, like Fortune, is desperately hard to find, especially in these days of Panama Canals, com plicated divorce cases, and universal back-aliding. Because she's at the bottom of a well to- day is no reason why she shouldn't be at the top of a moun tain to-morrow. She is as many-sided as human foot-marked. The last account oi tne piace comes from a pushing correspondent, who with three comrades stood upon the summit at sunset. On the rising fog their four shadows were to be seen projected, each with a huge halo. When reporters take to a head-dress hitherto thought incompatible with high-class journalism, it is time for the public to pause and think. Should the mountain fogs really possess thissingular power many per sons may be induced to visit them, if only to sea themselves for a moment in what would probably be their first and last appearance in a halo. 