the ghost in armour. A CHRISTMAS STORY, by billy NUirs. . . f What may this mean, That thou, dead corse, again in complete steel, . Rcvistest thus the glimpses of the moon, Makinc night hideous ? — Shakes peace. IIow odd a single hobgoblin's nonentity ; Should cause more fear than a whole host's lUVllviVJ — Byron. The chost — the ghost again 1 Dickens. (COXTINUED.) Mine host welcomed ine with that mix ture of cordiality and sturdy self-respect which seems peculiar to the old-fashioned rnr il Knglish landlord, and with a cheery " Merry Christmas to ye, sir !" threw open the door of a private parlor; where a glowing tire illuminated the apartment in" striking ontrast- to the deepening »luom without. But cheerful as was the prospect, I hesitated to enter, for after so much exciting adventure among those of my own kind I was not much inclined to spend the evening in solitary grandeur until I retired for the night. However, I made no remark until after I had dis posed of a plain but plentiful meal, when the cloth having been removed, the land lord himself came in to enquire after my comfort. " Oh ! I'm first rate, " thanks ! I an swered "Couldn't be better, but its rather dull being alone. What's up in the other room ? Someone seems to be keeping up Christmas there pretty jolly !" " Oh, them, sir," he explained, "they're only some of the villagers and farm hands, good enough fellows, -hut not company for the likes of you, sir." , " Indeed," said f. " I expect I have been in worse, and I would have -beep -lad if it bad always been as honest. 1 suppose they wouldn't mind mo joining them for an hour or so." " Of course not, sir !' lie replied, with a shrug of his broad shoulders, " if you ve a fancy that way. They are not bad chaps, but rather rough." ".Test so," said I, " that just suits me. I've travelled a good deal, and like to study character wherever I may happen to camp, even in the bush. '.'In the bush !" repeated he, beg- "ing pardon for my boldness, sir, but are you' from Australia ? " "I am that," I replied; "but what makes you tlu'nk so ?" " Well, sir," said he, " tliats just the words I've heard our young squire up at the hall use since he came back from those parts." " All ! and what nny his name be." " Sir Francis lieatherdale ; perhaps, sir, you might have met him out there somewheres." "No!" said I. reflectively ; "there's something in the name seems familiar, but Australia's rather a big place to drop across anyone, even if you know him. But never mind, be kind enough to intro duce me to your jovial friends inside and trust to me to make myself at home." With that- lie led the way through the bar and opening a door upon which was tygoned the legend "Tap Room" but looked 11 not a large room, pile of-logs in thel?.!iJlfcV Cra?kll."= lamp over along table oneacfi i"? were stools and chines, on which"-..!'! 1 seated some eight or nine rustics in the ordinary smock frock- of the farm laborer. One exception was the personage who oc cupied a chair at the further end near the' fire. He attracted my eye at once from his peculiar costume which seemed to con sist principally of a voluminous velveteen jacket with a bewildering number of pockets, most of which yawned as if they" were accustomed to repletion and were wait ing to be filled. Tn London he would have passed as a dog fancier, in the country he might have passed muster as a game keeper, but there wassomethiiig in the cun ning cast of the features of which the most prominent was a broken nose, the evident remit of some affray, the smirking grin with which he regarded me as I entered, and tile suspicious glance from his small deep set twinkling eyes, which induced me to put liini down at once as a poacher, in which surmise I afterwards found I was quite correct. The landlord motioned me to a chair at the foot of the table near the door, thus placing me opposite to this doubtful character, but before I seated myself I thought it only right to introduce myself, especially as my eut-ry seemed to have cast a damp upon the party. "Good evening, mates," I exclaimed as heartily as I could, "and a Merry Christ mas to you all. I'm just back from Aus tralia, and rather like the company of a jolly lot such as you seem to be, so if you've no objection I'll join you for an hour. Landlord, bring in a couple of gallons of ale and some bread and cheese." I have often heard that the surest way to gain the heart of an Englishman is to appeal to his stomach, and it proved effectual in this case. My order which involved the outlay of but a few shillings, must have seemed to them reckless prodi gality, and they showed their appreciation of my munificence by a chorus of " You be welcome, zur, sit you down and make yourself at home," while my friend the poacher confirmed the general verdict by expressing his opinion in an audible whisper, which was more like a growl; that I was "the right sort and no mistake," and our friendship was sealed with vigorous hand shakes and broad grins which showed their delight at" meeting witli so generous an entertaiiier. . It was a sight to see the way that bread and cheese disappeared under the attacks of the formidable clasp knives which each one seemed to possess, and how they washed it down'with copious draughts of the home-brewed. I have seen some eat ing in my time in the busli and on the diggings, particularly after being on short commons for a while, but this beat all, and I thought how many rich people would pay handsomely if they could but buy such healthy appetites. After they were all satisfied with eating, they re-lit the long pipes they had been smoking when I entered, and applied themselves to drinking in a steady, business like manner which speedily threatened low tide in the beer flagon. I was anxious to confirm the good im pression I had made, so after some desul tory conversation enlivened with a num ber of anecdotes which were no doubt highly humorous. 'if' I. could only, have fathomed the point of them, I volunteered a song and gave them one of Thatcher's diggings songs, which was received with tremendous applause.and hammering of pewter pots on the table. Then they one by one were persuaded to sing a rural ditty, which generally ran upon the theme of " the course of true love never did run smooth," and commenced with — " As down in Onpid's garden One morning I did slray, . Twaa there I met a fair young maid And thus to her did say — Or it might be As I was a- walking, One morning in Slay I met a young maiden Aqd to her did say — and so on, in what seenied an intermin able succession of verses, drawled out in a iqanner which suggested that the singers knew they had plenty of time on their hands and were determined to make the most of it. A fresh supply of ale in- creased'thp -jollity of the company and a long man in a smock frock with a lugubri ous cast of countenance had favored us with a song commencing— When fiti-t I- went ar waggoning. A. waggoning did'go ; I filled my parents' hearts full Of sorrow, grief and woe; Aud many were the hardships That I did undergo. Every second line had the final vowel tremendously drawn out, and - the whole stm<?k-.iu at the end of each \erse with a roaring chorus of Sins; whoa, my lads, Brag whoa, Drive on my lads, hi-ho, And who can lead the life that we jolly waggoners do. Even my friend in the velveteen coat cast oil his reserve, and held forth oil the joys of poaching in a rollicking ballad with a defiant chorus and we were all in the full swing of " Tis my delight of a shiny night In the season of the year, when the quick beat of a horse's hoofs cantering along were heard and as they stopped at the inn-door, and a manly voice shouted " House, ahoy ! the roar ing chorus subsided to a dead calm, and the assembled rustics sat open-mouthed, as the poaching chairman whispered hoarsely "It's the young squire." From my seat near the door I could plainly hear the landlord as in response to the 'hail he hastened to the porch, calling lustily at the same time for the ostler, but the rider checked him as he leaped from his saddle, with the remark that he would merely come iu to refresh himself before making for the hall. " Certainly, Sir Francis !'' said mine host obsequiously " happy to see you at any time. Merry Christmas to you." "Same to you and many of'ein, old man!" cheerily replied the Squire, " It won't be my fault if we dont all make it so. Give me a glass of hot toddy as soon as you like." "Directly, sir!'.' was the response "rather a nasty night outside." " Na-ty !" repeated the Squire with a loud laugh " why, man alive, its glorious /" and he shook the snow from his riding coat as a dog shakes himself on emerging from the water. ""Bub wlio have you got inside ? I th raght 1 heard someone" making themselves happy." "Well! its about the same crowd, sir" answered the landlord "only there's a gent with them — a sort "of tourist you know — and, - by the. bye. I - believe he's just back from Australia." "Is lie, by Jove !". exclaimed the Squire, "then I'll have' to look at him and see if we ever met out there," and with that I heard him turn and stride towards the room where we were all sitting iu most proper order. When I heard the word "glorious" with its old hearty ring, I pricked up my ears; for without any further evidence l felt convinced- that this must be my old mate Frank Heath, somehow transformed into Sir, Francis Heatherdale. As the door opened and he stood there surveying the company, they all rose and bowed, in rustic fashion, while I slowly turned and looked him stolidly in the face. For a moment lie seenied puzzled,' then as I could not. help smiling at his perplexity, his countenance cleared and with another burst of laughter he gave me a hearty Smack on the shoulder as he shouted " If it isn t Billy Nutts, by all tnats glorious. Why, where did you spring from ?" - " Well," said I as we heartily shook hands, "I was just doing a tramp through the old country, but you 're the last man I expected to see this Christmas." " Ah, yes," said he, "I expect we've both had some curious experiences since we met on the other side, hut we '11 have plenty of time to talk them over now, for, of course, you '11 spend Christmas with ine ; but come on out of this, and we '11 have a- tot together, and make arrange ments before 1 start again." " That's all right," said I, " but it would be hardly polite for me to leave the present company, which I have certainly found very entertaining." .. " Ha ! ha ! just the same old boy, i v""1 Frank, as I must still call him, a ways u. character. But we'll I1"®6 , " Here, landlord, bring in some more ale, and w J ,, ' i. , Merry Christmas and a Happy >. There was a chorus of applause ah' proposal, which was at once carried- out, and we retired under cover of a round of tremendous eheeriug, in which my friend, the poacher, was most demonstrative. When we gained the privacy of my room we sat down cosily, one on each side of the fire, and Frank proceeded to tell me how on that well- remembered day at Fiery Creek,- the letter I had brought him from the Melbourne legal firm informed him of the illness of his father, Sir George Heatherdale, who probably feeling the" absence of his well-loved but erratic son, had in his decliniug years declared his wish to be reconciled, and that the latter should be sought out and urged to' ret urn home to take his proper place in his inheritance. Frank had lost no time in obeying the summons, and left Victoria for the old country -by the first available mail steamer, not without writing to me ill explanation, but as I already stated my change of abode prevented me receiving the letter, and it is probably still awaiting me in the Beaufort post-office, or long since consigned to the limbo of the dead letter office. He was in time to be pre sent in the last few weeks, of his father's illness, much to the comfort of the old man; and at his death my old mate Frank Heath succeeded to the property Under his real name as Sir Francis Heatherdale. He had married the girl of his choice, and was as happy as could be, intending to celebrate the Christinas week on a scale which lie characteristically spoke of as "glorious." I -liung back at first from his repeated invitation to spend the holi day week at the Hall, on the score first of not being accustomed to graud com pany, and second of not having a proper rig-out, but he overcame all my objections in the light-hearted way peculiar to him: " Why, man alive !" he exclaimed " It will be quite enough to introduce you as a friend of mine, especially from Australia, and if you pitch some of those wonderful yarns of yours, about fights with black- fellows, and bushrangers, and the big nuggets you found, you'll cut out all the swells and be the idol of the girls. Isn't that enough, you old reprobate ?" I certainly was of opinion that it was quite enough, if not more so, aud hinted as much. Also that I was not particularly aged or of doubtful moral character. Like wise in any of my narratives I was always careful to adhere strictly to facts. But he only winked at me and laughed in his boisterous fashion, and bidding rae to be ready next morning, he promised to bring down his dog-cart to fetch away myself and my swag, aud with a final hearty hand grip mounted his horse, and with a shout of "So long, mate, we'll have a glorious time of it" he galloped away up the hill and was lost in the darkness. (To he continued. ) 