[COPYRIGHT.] DAYS OF DANGER. Thrilling narratives of the Bnshranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE, IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART IV. True to hia word tho chief of the survoy party watched the strange retreat in the glen for a week, but not the slightest sign of any human being, save the members of their own party, was ob served during the whole period. At the camp absolute quietude prevailed, and at length tho chief abandoned the watch and resumed his usual work. Occasionally a visit would be paid to the hut, but it remained in tho same condition as when first seen, and the name-' Oarl Jensen ' -stared at the men in its grim silent way. Had it not been for tho thefts committed from ihe camp and the finding of the piece of corned beef at the hut, even Mesley would have believed that the place had not been inhabited since the death of Jensen, and that like the palace of the Sleeping Beauty, a spell had been Mirown over the locality whioh had preserved it from decay. About two days after the watch in tho glen had been abandoned, Constable Williams, of the Mersey station, with two assistants, arrived at Oonsidino'B camp with a couple of pack-horses laden with provisions. Hin mission was a dual one. One journey was to provision tho camp, \vhilnt on tho other return trip he was to take back tho bones of Jensen, the murderer. Dr. Sutherland, of the samo place-a hoary-headed criminolo gist-had obtained the sanction of the authorities to such a course, and as the cost would be little or nothing, no demur was likely to bo raised. Constable Williams-who really per formed tho dutioB of tho district official was one of tho oldest officers in tho pay of the government. Strange to say, he hnd previously boon stationed in the New Norfolk district, and was well acquainted with Jensen, Duffy, and Worrall. When tho murdor took place he had boon one of the most active in I lie ; pursuit, but his energies were clogged by i theuction of his superiors who-whon they concluded the culprit had gone away in the whaler-practically ceased all active operations. Williams held firmly to the belief from what he knew of the former that lie had not left tho colony at least, not at tho time alleged-and as Jensen was not a man easily disguised, it was improbable that he had gone away at all. When the news of the skeleton find and tho photo, which identified it aB the missing murderer was brought to him, he merely said, without undue elation, . I knew ho would bo found not far away. The fellow was tho last in the world to trust himself amongst his own sort of people either on land or sea.' The exhumation of the remains was in a way a labour of love to tho constable, and ho set upon his task with due , deliberation. Ho was not a hasty or ^impulsive man at any time, nnd whon ho reached the survey camp of course the news he he«rd there whotted his appetite for morii. Every wordabout tho robbery of the food, boots, and clothes was taken down and a minute description of the missing gnrmentB and footwear also attached. . Then he set off to view the retreat in the glen, and even wont so far as to make a rough Bketch of the hut and its surroundings. The whole statement about its reoent occupation, suoli aB the finding of the meat and the appearance of the ashes in'the natural firophcii, was committed to paper, and after spending a couple of days wandering about tho locality in the vain hope of coming upon ' some further faots that might assist him, Williams proceeded to dig up the bones, an operation which was moBt carefully carried out, and they were placed in the bags. Dr. Sutherland had promised him a handsome reward if he took care of his gruesome relics, and even without that incentive the constable would have done just as well. When the exhumation was complete, Constable Williams set off for the Mersey, and in due time arrived there and handed over his ghastly load to the delighted Burgeon, who had them carried to his chamber of horrors and laid out in state. ' Why, bleBS mo, Williams, I'll be able to make a perfect skeleton out of this. There is scarcely a joint missing. You have done your work well, and BO must Edwards in the burial. I wonder who put the shout of bark over him 1 He couldn't have done it himself before death I'm convinced, and the blacks don't care for that sort of thing,' said Sutherland. ' I've wondered myself who did that good office for the villain. He didn't deserve much consideration from any one. He was a big' hulking- scoundrel over six feet in his stockings, and at all timos ready to thrash a woman. Oh ! I knew him,' concluded the constable as ha left the room and wended his way acroBB to the public-house where he lived, for Williams was a bachelor, and as he was quickly nearing sixty, likely to remain so. One of the first persons ho met in the bar-parlour was Miko Keenan. Hia party worked near the settlement, and they often went into the village. The two were acquainted, and after a few commonplaceB, Williams said: ' I've just brought those bones of yours to Dr. Sutherland. He says his collection is nearly completed now.' 'My bones?' answered Keenan with a laugh, for he was in a merry mood mellowed by some rich whisky. ' Oh, not yot, begorra I The old doctor won't have my bones just yet. Fill up again there, and don't bo lookin' at the empty glasses.' ' You know what I mean,' returned the constable as he replenished hia glass in an absent-minded sort of way. ' I mean the bones you found at tho foot of the big tree. Jensen, the murderer, you understand.' ' The devil, you have I What on earth ' made you bring them here? Couldn't you let them lie ? Oh, faith, though I alwaya knew they couldn't lie. Nothing hauntod can lie quiet in the grave. Oh, it's coming homo to mo now,' oried Keenan, plunged suddenly into deepest melancholy. ' Haunted bo jiggered. What do you moan? I carried the confounded things in a oouple of bags and slung the skull over my shoulder. The bags wern as harmless as a new-born babe, and they nearly made as much noise. How the bones did rattle to be sure. Now tell J us what you moan by being haunted,' qnoriud Williams. In a deoply impressive manner Mike Keenan told his listener tho whole Btory of tho ghost ho had seen on tho night which prectd'd tho break-up of tho camp, and he narrated it with perfect accuracy and truthfulness. Ho fully concluded that tho time had arrived when others should share his secret besides his cxmp mates. The bones seemed to haunt him, for after he had nlmost forgotten about them, up they turn again. To the super stitious man there was something very singular and uncanny in the whole busi ness. At auy rate, it damped his enjoy ment for that night, and when Williams left him shortly after he was indulging in a sad reverie. Next morning as the constablo was passing Dr. Sutherland's house in a very thoughtful mood, he was hailed by the surgeon himself. ' Coine here,' cried tho old man. ' I want to have a chat with you.' Whfiti Williams wont over, the doctor led liim into his 'specimen room,' as ho called a largo-sized chamber which con tained scores of ghastly emblems of mortality. More than a dozen perfect skeletons were ranged round in upright attitudos, whilst there were skulls of famous murderers, bushrangers, convicts, Ac., and weapons which had been the instruments used in many an awful doed. The skeloton brought by tlio constable the night provious was arranged very neatly on a table, and it waB to this that ihe doctor went. ' You told nie last night,' he began, 'that Jensen was over six feet in height.' ' So he was six feot one or two I am quite certain. He was three or four inches tailor thnn mo, and I'm five foet ten inches,' quickly answered Constable Williams. ' Then this isn't Jensen's skeleton at all. You've been all barking up the wrong tree. You see there is nothing like a thorough medical examination alter all to get at facts in those cases. Many an innocent man is punished and often the guilty escapo for tho want of a little intelligence and taking things for granted that shouldn't be so taken,' replied the surgeon energetically. ' How do you know it isn't Jensen i" asked the constable. ' Because it is tho skeleton of a very short man. In lifo ho could not havo been more than five feot five in height. Certainly not more. Now, if Jonson was six feet two, or even six foot, this cannot bo his skeleton. It'B as plain as the nose on your face.' For a few moments tho constable did not, reply, and then ho slowly said : 11 quite believe what you say. I've (earned a few things lately which tend to show that the authorities may be astray a second time regarding Jensen. I'll make « full report of tho case and send it on at once, and I'd be glad if you'd furnish me with a description of the probable sort) of man the bones belonged to. I suppose it is not that of an aboriginal ?' j ' Oh, no. It is a white man's skeleton right onough. I'll writo out my portion at once, and if you come back in half nn hour you can have it. Good morning,' and the doctor showed the officer out. AM the latter went towards his office his brow waB contracted with puzzling thoughts. ' From what Keenan told me last night, and the story given by Surveyor Consi dine,' he mustered, ' that scoundrel muBt bo alive still. If so, we'll drop across him sooner or later. I wonder if he'll risk coming back to the BettlementB again. It looks as though he would be stealing the clothes, though ho may have only wanted them as a protection against the cold and to save putting together the skins. How came tlint photo, of his with the dead body? I think old Sutherland must be doting. Another doctor should be callod in to also have an examination of tho bones. If he bore out what tho old man says, then of course we would have to believe it. There is a clue to follow up, at all evonts.' The papers which Williams was going to send to the authorities wrro already arranged, and only a short addendum had to be pnt in calling attention to the con clusion arrived at by Dr. Sutherland. This, of course, he urged, was of great importance, and he concluded by saying that placing all the facts together he ventured to submit that the murderer Jensen was still alive and in the colony. On going over to the surgeon's place, the doctor read out to him the detailed description which he had elaborated as to tho probable stature, &c.;, of the man from which the skeleton came, and he ended by saying : ' Don't you know-or rather, did you ever know-a man who would answer that description V The constable racked his brains for several moments, and then, if by inspira tion, a thought flashed through his mind. 'Yes, I do,' ho exclaimed. 'Tom Worrall, of New Norfolk. That is his description to a nicety. He was scarcely five feet five in height, and you will recollect he disappenred about the Bame time as Jensen. His partner, Duffy, and himself wore supposed to havo been drowned.' ' Of course, I remember. Duffy's body was found a fortnight or so after being in the water, but-it was so decomposed and mutilated that it was impossible to say for certain what the causc of death had been. It might) have been anything from hanging to cholera. I remember it well,' replied the surgeon. ' There is a big mystery here to solve. Jensen and Worrall must havo gone away together, and, if BO, it is probable they murdered Duffy for some reason or another. Then how did Worrall meot his death ? I suppose you can't tell that,' asked the constable. 'The bones are all right, but he might have been murdered in twenty different ways without my being able to tell. For instance, if he had been stabbed to the heart or choked, I could not tell so unless the ribs showed signs of tho knife's passage. I am rather inclined to believe that the man died suddenly, nnd not ns the result of wasting disease, but there is a good deal of conjecture in that. However, if you can prove that this is tho body or skeleton of Worrall, and I think you are near the mark, there is a big field to work in, as you say. He must have been with Jensen or in com munication with him to get the tin box and the photo. In all probability Jensen put the sheet of bark over him, though I don't see what his motive was in leaving the box beside the body,' concluded the doctor. ' Oh, I can see an excellent motive in that act. If the body was ever found the likenesB would, of course, come into the hands of the authorities, who would not fail to reoognise it as that of the murderer, Jensen. That would effectu ally atop all dispute and enable the ruffian, with a little oare, to come baok to white civilisation. That point is clear enough to me. Yet the confounded fool was really too clover if that ia what he hn9 done. Ho has roused ft sleeping dog. So fur as the law was concerned he WBB dead to it, as my superiors have long since given him up as gone. That is the way criminals generally over-rench them solves. Give them rope enough and they will hang themselves,' replied WilliamB. ' But you forgot that Jensen could not possibly know what is within your knowledge. Put yourself in liis position and then plan an idea. You believo the polico aro still in full cry, and your desire is that they shall bo thrown off the trail once and forever. I t hink Jensen's plan, supposing we aro right in our belief, was atilever one. The only weak point in it was the improbability that the , body would bo found, but I daresay ho knew what, ho was about more than we give him credit for. What is your plan now?'asked Oonsidino. 'Just wait for instructions. I'll add my belief that the skeleton found is that, of Thomas Worrall, farmer, of New Norfolk, who was supposed to have been drowned with his partner, Duffy, in the Derwent River four years ago. That should rouse them up,' repliedOonstablo WilliamB. The samo day a horseman was des patched to the Tamar settlement with the details which tlio reader already knows. From there it was sent on to Hobart Town, as most of the papers in referenco to the Jonacn tragedy wero kept there, and it waB desirable that action Bhould bo taken-if taken at all from headquarters. Nearly a month elapsed before any reply waB received, and then a magistrate was despatched from the Tamar to hold an inquiry on ' Sutherland's skeleton,' as it was known at the Mersey settlement. This bore out all that has already boen narrated, and aftiT npending two days I taking evidenco, a voluminous report was despatched to the capital. There was no doubt tho skeleton did not belong to | Jensen, and there waB much proof that the bones once formed portion of Thomas Worrall'8 body. This wns tho gist of the report, though it was hinted that there was presumptive evidence that Jensen waa still alive. Koenan's vision was trotted out and made to good service, for it was shown by Constable Williams that the outlaw would bo most anxious to know if the tin box and its contents had been found by those who had dis covered the skeleton and buried it. AinongBt other facts which were brought out was one contained in tho evidence of Graham, tho cook of Con sidine's camp. This was the disappear ance of a copy of the Hobart Town Mercury, having a lengthy account of tho lindingof tho murderer Jensen'sBkeleton. This muBt havo boen taken 011 the same occasion as tho clothes, and no one but Williams seemed to see its importance. .If Jensen took it,' ho argued with himself, ' ho must havo become aware that his stratagem had worked, and not fearing the police, ho would make his way back to settlement as quickly as possible. Having the ordinary civilian's clothes which lie had stolen from tho camp, there would be nothing to prevent him making a start at once, and that is doubtless what he did. Had he remained two days longer at his haunt in the glen he would likely havo boen captured, as Mesley found tlio place within forty-eight hours of tho robbery. Tho devil's children have the devil's luck,'concluded tho constable, and liis soliloquy ended, ho proceeded about his routine business. In a fortnight's time word came that tho former reward of £250 offored for the apprehension, dead or alive, of Carl Jensen, for the murder of his wife, &c.;, had been doubled, but from tho half hearted way in which the authorities took the matter up, it was patent that they really did not believo themselves that thero was much likelihood of securing the criminal. It was on tho 27th August, 184G, that the people of the little Mersey settlement were shocked by the news that Constable Williams had been brutally murdered within fifty yards of the public house at which he lived. A knife had been the instrument used, and, strange to say, the knife which had been left sticking in the body of the dead man was quickly identified as belonging to an assigned servant of the licensee of the public house, who was also a rather large farmer in the district. The article could not be mistaken, for a score of peoplo could testify that it belonged to John Southey, the name of the assigni d ser vant. Most damning of all, however, was the fact that considerable ill-will was known to exist between the dead man and John Southey. The latter was a person much nbove the ordinary stamp of assigned convict servants, nnd on more than ono occasion the constable hod most offen sively asserted his authority apparently for the Bimple purpoao of showing the tremendous difforenoo botween an as signed servant nnd a petty constablo. This was rosented by the former, aud at length Williams used his authority to such effect that Southey waB arrested and received twenty-five lashes. His master, the publican, actively sided with Williams, for the constable was his boarder, and, in fact, his best customer. As his pocket was affected, it was little wonder tho unfortunate Southoy went to the wall. The convict bore deadly enmity to the constable after the dogging, and he did not take the pains oven to conceal it. He openly avowed that if ever he was in a position to meet the constable face to face one or other of them would go down. This was an un fortunate and reckless way of speaking, and when the murdered constable was found with Southey's knife piercing his heart it wns not to be wondered at that all the people at once directed their at tention to Southey as being the actual murderer, and two hours after the dis covery of tho body Southey waa arrested. In fnct, before the formality ot the inquest had been gone through. To BE CONCLUDED. 