THE DANCE OF DEATH. Through the long night, the lonely night The silence, like a funeral pall, Lies over every green delight Of summer's festival. Shrouded in darkness sleeps the rose, The pinks are only ghosts of flowers, And in the night the garden knows Footsteps that ars not ours. You do not hear the feet go by Across the dim and dewy lawn But I can hear each footfall — I Who lie awake till dawn. I hear the the feet of hope outworn, Of youth that goes and love that flies, Till the cold fingers of the morn Close my unhappy eyes. Yet if, before sleep looks my way, I draw the curtain and look forth, What time the East grows pearly grey, And rosy grey the North. I see the empty garden lie Silent, deserted, grey with dew, With all its troops of ghosts gone by To leave my dreams to you — To you, asleep in your white nest Laid straight and still, my lily maid, My dreams crowd hack against my breast, Awed, baffled, and afraid. But through the garden shimmer and shine, Fair shapes that no man else may see ; These are your dreams, O dream of mine, Who do not dream of me. That dismal impersonation by which men are now accustomed to imagine forth the King of Terrors, we owe to the middle ages. Though the figure of a skeleton has been occasionally found sculptured upon ancient tombs, it does not appear that it was ever there intended to be symbolical of death. An inverted torch, or some such graceful image, was usually adopted in classic ages to express the extinguishment of human life ; and the tendency of the heathen mythology and philoso phy was to dissociate the thought of the grave from any sentiments of un manly dread. The circumstances of the early Christians likewise tended to divest death and the grave from any asso ciation that might awaken disgust or aversion. For all of these were hourly expecting martyrdom,. and, as a writer has said, familiarity with death is apt to alter one's earlier con ceptions of it. Two ideas are very generally accepted which experience shows to be false. One is that the dying usually fear death, and the other that the act of dying is accom panied by pain. It is well-known to all physicians that when death is near, its terrors do not seem to be felt by the patient. Unless the imagination is stimulated by the frightful portrayal of the supposed " pangs of death," it is rare, indeed, that the last days or hours of life are passed in dread. Oliver Wen dell Holmes recorded his pro test against the custom of telling a person who does not actually ask to know that he cannot recover. As that loving observer of mankind CldOLl Id) uU lllLioL CVCL jUllC WllU IvllOWS whereof he speaks assert, that people almost always come to understand that recovery is impossible ; it is rarely needful to tell anjmne that this is the case. When Nature gives the warning, death appears to be as little feared as sleep. Most sick persons are very, very tired ; sleep — long, quiet sleep — is what they want. I have seen many people die. I have never seen one who seemed to fear death, except when it was, or seemed to be, rather far away. Even those who are constantly haunted, while strong and well, with a dread of the end of life, forget their fear when that end is at hand. As ages rolled on, and the standard of human con duct became debased, men, had reason to look with some apprehen sion on that event which, their reli gion informed them, precluded all after change, and initiated them into their state of final happiness or woe. At: the same time their unrefined imagination required something gross and palpable to feed upon. The con cealed truth, wrapt up in figures and symbols, they cared nothing for. But any rude, homely illustration, no matter how coarse, was felt at once, and its truth and force readily acknowledged. Under such circumstances, the human skeleton became everywhere regarded as the true and only type of death. When the idea first crept in it is impossible to discover with any truth or exactness ; but by the close of the ninth century it was in uni versal use. Death, once represented as an animated skeleton, the fiction of his appearing to different indi viduals, and summoning them away, whether they would or not, seems little more than a variation of the original thought. It is supposed to have first been definitely put forward in a Latin poem written by a French monk. However this may be, the thought was eagerly seized upon, and, with its' various embellish ments, it became one of the most popular and fruitful fictions of the Middle Ages. Death visiting the king, the serf, the bondman, the child, taking them off one >by one with his most forcible persuasion, soon became a subject on which every rude painter tried his hand. It was represented in tableaux —the miser going off with his friend, and the .same friend calling away the lawyer, and then the priest, and so on : while the whole series was called the " Dance of Death." The Church seized upon the idea, and the Dominicans, especially, had scarcely a convent which was not embellished with a " Dance of Death." They found it of invaluable use to them in their Sfirmrmc ac every condition of men was impli cated in this solemn merriment, and with such notes they could scarcely fail to make an impressive discourse under any circumstances. And in the cloisters of their cathe drals, on the walls, on the windows, on their public buildings, in the market place, on the bridges, nay, in priyate houses, all through the northern parts of Europe, especially during the fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth centuries, where ' might there not be seen a "Dance of Death ?" The idea seemed to be especially congenial to the Teutonic mind. It worked its way indeed into every European literature, but the nations of German extraction most delighted to parade it in every pos sible form, and what sly satire, of what searching sarcasm, what gro tesque humour, was it not made the vehicle ? And yet the subject remained the most lugubrious that could be conceived. Here we see the first broad manifestation' of that union of the comic and the terrible, the first balance of that strange task which loves to contem plate buffoonery and solemnity inter mingled, which is so peculiarly a characteristic of the German races. The Elizabethan literature offers another instance. The most cele brated of all these pieces was that which stood in a small shed in the rhnrrh.varH nf tlia TY — , w. mo , con vent at Basle, and which was stand- though in a dilapidated condition, so late as 1504. But the first publi cation on this subject was issued at „ Lyons in 1538 and the prints were regarded as copies of works executed by Hans Holbein. This was soon published with alterations, though it was not until 1545 that the work was arranged in the form in which it has come down to us and which prompted me to note the whole subject. It soon attained ail enormous popularity. Edition after edition was printed. The plates were transferred to missals and were used as illustrations of every kind of work. This always went by the name of Holbein's " Dance of Death," and for a long time the designs were regarded as the genuine work of that artist. But doubts have been raised upon this as upon so many other literary matters in which our fathers implicitly believed, though the weight of evi dence still inclines in favour of Holbein. The number of plates in this cele brated work amounts to 53, though several of them appear to be inter- polations, as they have little or nothing to do with the subject ; those which are strictly a part of the Dance amount in number to 41. They differ from other designs on the subject inasmuch as they frequently represent a group of persons, whereas the old paintings generally had only two individuals in each compartment — Death and his victim. The free dom, spirit, finish, and severe truth of some of these gems are truly wonderful. What a satire on human vanity. And, oh ! what fantastic humour is there ; what irrepressible mirth breaks forth in every attitude of that strange dread spectre ! There is a messenger bringing to a new- niiiue caruiuai tne insignia 01 ms dignity, and1 Death looks him in the ' face and takes the hat off ere it is well placed on his head. And the bishop, ah ! you must come, and he tucks the prelate's arm under his own and walks him off ; and see ! he puts, the abbot's mitre upon his own head and has shouldered his crosier and has got the abbot by the j robe, and is laughing in the very intoxication of delight at his victim's futile reluctance. There are soldiers and emperors and sages, lawyers and physicians, and every human passion and folly. There is the miser who has barred himself up with his treasure, but Death walks in in spite of bolts and bars and helps himself to the- gold at pleasure. And the merchant grasps his recovered bales, but it is of no use, Death has got hold of him and his recovered mer chandise again he must abandon. There is a merry meeting and Death pours the wine down the drunkards' throats. Death is fighting with a fighting fiend in order to carry off the gamester. The blind submits to J his guidance, and he plays jocosely on his dulcimer as he beguiles the old man into the open gravel He takes the pack off the pedlar's back, and the fool prepares to have a merry bout with him — it will be his last. But there is one- plate more touching than all, perhaps, because the satire is a little less apparent. It shows us an old shed, and a woman, tied down with poverty is boiling some broth for her two children, when Death steps in and leads off the younger. In vain .he stretches out his little hand to his mother ; she can only utter exclamations of sorrow, for there is not one to help her. Why should that little one wish to remain amid all that wickedness ? Why should she wish to retain him ? Oh, spare the innocent yet a little while! No! Death has him by the hand, and he cannot stay there longer. No wonder the fiction was popular. There was joy, sorrow, mirth, mad ness, misery, a stereotyped epitome of this earthy world. Everyone anxious, everyone busy, and Death sporting unexpectedly with all. It was a spirited homily and satire combined, which all who ran could . read and so reading understand ; and there was a truth in it of tremendous significance, which all felt it their duty to apply though they did not always care to apply it. J. E. S. HENERIE. 