FOIKE T PEOPLE EDJJUK& FOSBERY COMPARED WITH POKTIOS PILATE. Ai( insult to Pontius Pilate. (By 'A Civilian.') Some people there sre who ssj that Tnoin's attacks on our present police system grossly esaggersto and distort i ' facts, and generally shoot wide of the Jnark. Let those people at once dis miss bucq tuouguts, tor, us a matter 01 ? fact, the paper is rather mild than other wise. The system is not only a blot upon our boasted 19th century civilisa tion, but is a me naco to aad oppressor of every working man, womoa and child in New South Wales. Particularly is this oppression feit in the Metropolitan District, where Super intendent Bead, pulled up with self esteem and ignorance, holds direct sway, and makes his presonce felt by all — the ordinary constables justly detesting him, and being driven by him with his iron rod of autocracy to oppressand persecute the general public in the manner which they frequently do, The police, as a body, is a fine force, containing as good fellows us are anywhere to be found ; iut once under * Convict-driver ' Bead, nil good and manly qualities must be placed iu the background, otherwise ? promotion is well nigh impossible, and the 'sack ' looms on the horizon on the commission of the most trifling olfence Against the Regulations. Well, now, what is the history of tliis old, doddering martinet, Read. Some thing over 40 years ago, it is said, the police were principally recruited from the ranks of the ex-convicts and 'ticket-of-leave men, and in order to raise (?) the status of the force a num ber of police were brought out here from England, Bead being amongst them. Having no chance of doing any thing in their native country, no doubt they thought they would succeed in Australia. Read being the happy po3 sesor of those two grand virtues, steadi ness (i.e., ignorant stupidity and no ideas) and perseverance, did succeed, and now has more power in his hands than any man in Wew South Wales, not excepting Viscount Uarapden. Our lives nnd liberty are in the hands of ?this old drivelling, sanctimonious hum 1)usr. The word ' sanctimonious ' is 'used as he is alleged to be a regular at tendant at the Vesleyan Church and Va3 president of the Christian Police Association, Such talk-, thongh, is almost blasphemy. Just think one minute, and the damnable hypocrisy at -once can he noticed. This autocratic tally every Saturday holds a court in his own room, with all the inspectors from tbs various stations standing .round. He is judge, jury, prosecutor land everything else. Then an unfor 'tunato constable, who may or may not lavejbeen Been having a glass of whisky ? -ca'a cold night, or committing any ?other trivia! offence, is brought before lim. If this constablo has succeeded . in banishing his manly qualities and Ass been rendering himself a public persecutor by 'running in' and sum moning all and sundry, for alleged joffencea, he will probably be let off with a caution or a very light fine ; hat if, on the contrary, he Las been working his beat regularly and well, never interfering except when really neces sary, and therefore has bad but few' ' cases ' the matter at once assumes B very different complexion. Christian Police and Read ? Ha, ha ! Some times, however, a really innocent mas is brought before him by some senior constable, and no matter wJbst proof Bach man may he able to produce to prove the Effiior-constable to he telling deliberate lies, it makes no difference ; for Bead trill take the word of one eenior-constable before that of balfa . dozen ordinary constables. He cannot : deny this, but if he should, and he is quite capable of doing so, it can be proved. Merit and ability do not mean promotion. , Nobody, unless a sneak, a good liar, or with great influence \- behind him, can hope for promotion. How many men have received Btripes .for being postmasters in the noble art of ' pnb catching !' There is one senior .sergeant oE the writer's acquaintance, -mnd it is certain that there was abso lutely no morit in his promotion, for he 3s one of the most illiterate bailies in the force. Many men 'without a Btripe can be found in every station who ore far ?hove their senior-constables both in common sense and ability. Why does : jKosflil Fosbery not promote by examina tion, as done elsewhere? Simply . because tinder his accursed system he (does not want brains and intelligence. I And now we come to Fosbery himself. v fBw did h« come there ? He teas only fca olerk under the late Inspector-General ??' (Captain Mcl/erie, and therefore knows ,:?? ^nothing abont the*real work of a police \; hrian. He gets his £1,000 a year «s ^ jlnepector-General ; £300 a year on The I- ^Aborigines' Protection Board ; two ;';f ^guineas a sitting on tbe Transit Board, ' ;»nd no doubt many other guineas from ? iether sources. He is the absolute ruler ''? '*-( all the police in Ht.S.W., and against ?? !his decision, right or wrong, there is no * ^appeal. In the metropolitan district it : |is Bead who really does all the work (7). .fosbery merely endorses his opinion ; : :bat in the country there sometimes is a ^chance of f airplay on appeal to Fosbery. One case is specially in the writer's : fflincT, as he knows personally allcon £; -corned in it. A constable was 'sacked' ? Wthout mming,or a ghost of a chance ?' Jiaving been given him of entering a I defence, even if he knew what charge ^Jwasiaid against him. Respectfully he ? --\rrote to Fosbery, but got no satiefae fcV'tory reply, being merely told that the :' ease could not bo re- opened ! This was '?' verjr jwod, as the case from first to last : had never been open : and to this day that fon'ialile does not know for what ,! cautt) he was diEcliargi'il. This great Jvjsjpslicu so , jjreyed on (!?.« lni'il of this y-*fei-coiisu»u!e that for a couple of weeks lie iptafaa iiaif demented, and i'osbery stood a great chance, and deservedly so, of sharing the fate of Julius Cffisar, King Charles, Inspector-General (of convicts) Price, of Victoria, and other tyrants too numerous to mention. On a memorable occasion, recorded in Holy Writ, the Man of Galilee was brought before Pontius Pilate, who took him on one side and conversed with him, then returning to the Jews, said, ' I find no fault with this man.' There is an application here to Posbery. A constable is obliged by someone, unknown to the constable. Fosberj listens to the accused ; and then he also takes the accused on one side and qnes tions him (?) — Oh, no, he does not — a mistake nearly occurred — he straightway ' sacks' him without seeing him, or even giving him the satisfaction ol knowing for what he is punished. Now, Pilate, we know, would have set at liberty the Man who was unjustly charged before him ; but through fear of the Jews, did not. At all events, he heard both sides speak, and expressed his opinion freely. Fosbery, on the contrary, never heard both sides, never saw the accused, and would not know him if be saw him, but condemned him unheard, and unjustly, too. Therefore, it is certain that if Pontius Pilate were to visit Sydney he would feel deoplj insulted tt being com pared with a man to brimful of injustice and tyranny as Fosbery. Harry op with that Royal Commission! 