THE STOKY-TELLEB. -1 A RUINED LIFE. J [By Wanderer.] I "You look (strangely out of eorts to night/' I said, after l)eteetive Sharpe had been sitting beside my fire for some ten minutes without speaking. "What is your trouble? Don't think my question promp ted by vulgar curiosity. If I can assist you in any way, either by advice or in (some more practical maimer, you know you have but to ask." * Sharpe did not answer immediately. I had noticed when lie came in that his usually cheerful face was clouded, and that the smile with which he greeted me had lost much of its old spontaniety. I knew something out of the common must have occurred to thus affect my friend, for he was eminently philoeopliical, so far as small worries went, treating them as so many pin pricks, which, could not be avoided, and which time alone could heal. "I am afraid you can do nothing," he said at length. "I know exactly what you mean in offering your assistance, and, be lieve me, I would avail myself of it without scruple were I in any difficulty; but this trouble is not personal. I suppose a, man in my profession has no business to have a heart; but, unfortunately, with all my ex perience, I have not managed to harden that useful organ to the exclusion of the feelings of regret and sorrow when some particularly painful case comes under my notice. As a rule, I feel entire satisfaction in putting a criminal where, for the time at least, he can do no further liarmj but I had to lock a man up yesterday whom I would gladly have let slip, had it been possible to .ao so. And yet, I don't know that I should. It would only have been putting off the evil day for a while. Had I not laid him by the heels, he would sooner or later have fallen into the hands of eome of my brother officers, who might, perhaps, treat him more harshly than he deserved. His has been a sad 'story, one of the saddest that has ever come within mv knowledge. Would you care to hear it V It is not a detective sstiory, mind. There are no hair breadth escapes, or 'clever captures,1 aa the newspapers call them. It is only the nar rative of a man, once a respectable and highly respected member of society, but now a common malefactor-no, not a com mon malefactor, for the latter thieves for thieving's sake. The subject of my stoiy burglars because there is nothing else left for liim to do, and because, in the excite ment o£ pitting his wits against our's^he finds a certain amount of forgetfulness." ^ "You have aroused my interest already,' I replied; "pray go on. This burglar of yours cannot be an ordinary type. There must be some 'motive underlying and in fluencing his transgressions. And yet, one would Slink that such a man as you de scribe would find relief in self-destruction rather than crime."' "You don't think suicide a crime, then? inquired Sharpe. "Under certain circumstances, decidedly not,"' I answered. "That's just where the other man differs from you, replied my friend. "His bring ing up was so strict that its effects still linger in his mind. lie told me himself that the thought of making an end of every thing often came to him, but tliat some force-certainly not cowardice- hejd him hack. Strange, is it not, that a human being will of his own free 'will continue an existence full of misery, from which there is no possible escape save by death: If one ray of hope pierced the darkness of his future, one could understand him clinging - to life, but when that future holds nothing but a fate even worse than he has already encountered-well, I think 1 should feel in clined to chance the pains and penalties of another world. For the man of whom 1 am speaking they could not be much worse than what he is' enduring here. But 1 am getting away from my story. "Some ten or twelve years ago I first met Harold En derby. That is not his real name, but it will do as well. He was then a bright, handsome young fellow, inst beginning to make Ins mark ? in Ids chosen profession-as an electrician. We foregathered at a Little party given by a mutual' friend, and at once chummed up. He was one of those men whom yo.u take to instinctively, without being able to give a reason for your preference. full or spirits, the life of any company in which he found himself, merry jest and quick repartee springing without nn effort- from liia lips, there was withal something m his face, a look in the depths of his blue eyes, which spoke of n tine and steadfast cluv ract-er beneath all this superficial gaiety. Our chance acquaintance ripened into inti macy; seldom indeed, did a day pass with out'finding us together. As we grew to understand each other better 1 found thsit I was not mistaken in attributing to hnn those good qualities which I haye already hinted at. He possessed at that time ail the attributes both of mind and body which go towards making sv successful, up right man. Not only was he c ever m his profession, but he was also the jwul ot honour. He was never tjired of talking ol his mother, wlio^ from all he said, must have been an exceptionally good and sen sible woman. l'"rom her he had imbibed certain chivalrous sentiments regarding women in general, which, although excel lent in theorv, and exceedingly usel ul in keeping him out of many temptations and excesses which lie like pitfalls in most young men's paths, were in the end the cause of his undoing. ou look incredu lous. When 1 have finished you will under stand mv meaning. , . "I need not tell you-you know it as well ;,g I-what a mighty influence a. woman can exercise over a young man either for good or evil. Indeed, the man need not neces sarily be young. Some of us are so pecu liarlv constituted that no amount of expe rience seems sufficient to teach us a lesson, and we go on trying to gather grapes irom brambles, though our hands be bleeding fi-om tliorn scratches. Wy siirme may be somewhat far-fetched, but I don t feel in the humour to-night to find a better one. "J catch vour meaning perfectly, said I. "At the same time 1 must say I don t see how you can claim to be an authority on the wavs of this weaker sex. I have seen vou bolt across the street sooner than meet one vou knew. As for me, I«am wise 111 my feneration, for I acknowledge that tbe lon ger I live the less I understand the dear creatures." . , The ghost of a smile flitted across filiarpe's face. , ' . "I forgot that vou are- somewhat sore on that point," said he. "I certainly do not in tend to speak from personal knowledge, out rather from observation. It has been forced upon me in my professional experience tliat quite a large proportion of criminals owe their first fall to the influence, direct or indirect, of a woman. fco it was witn Horace Enderby. . " ,, About a year after our first- nieetint- lui derhv confided to me the fa*:t that he was deeplv smitten by the charms of a young lady who was barmaid at one of our lead ing hotels. 1 Itnew very little of the girl, having seen her but once or twice; but 1 tried to dissuade him from paying Ins at tentions to her, thinking that, however re spectable she might be, she would prove too fond of gaiety and excitement to make hjm a suitable wife. He was deeply in lore, however, and, like aJI men in that blissful condition, could eee no faults m bis charmer. " 'You. mu£t come up and see her,' he insisted, 'and when you have talked to her a while, you will see how much you are mistaken.' "I excused myself then, saying I had some particularly pressing business oil hand; but that evening I took the oppor tunity of paying the young lady a visit., knowing that Horace had an. engagement elsewhere. She was undoubtedly pretty, nor had I ever heard a whisper against her good name; but I had not chatted five minutes with her before I knew her to the finger tips. Tain, greedy of flattery, with1 one wish occupying her shallow mind to the exclusion of all else-namely, the desire to wear finer and costlier dresses than any other girl in the city, she was about the last "woman, on this earth to suit a man like Enderby, whose tastes were essentially quiet, and aVeree to show of any kind. The next time I met him I again tried to reason liii.u out of his folly, telling him in no mea sured terms the estimate I had formed of his inamorata's character, and advising him to choose some thoughtful, sensible girl a§ his life companion, whose intellect would be capable of holding more than one idea at a time, and that idea something more lofty than the fashion of the latest spring bonnet. Your knowledge of human nature ?will tell you the result of my attempt- as a match maker-or spoiler. There was a de cided coolness between us when we parted, indeed, it was only by . the exercise of a certain amount of tact that I averted^ a serious quarrel. Poor boy! I pitied him then, I pity him tenfold now. "From that time forth Horace and I saw very little of each other. Several attempts on my part to resume our former amicable." relations were met with such decided snubs that my pride took arms, and refused to allow me to make further advances. Still 1 kept myself in touch with him through1 others, arid learned in due course that his engagement to Miss Blank was announced. The young lady had left, the hotel in obe-. dience to Horace's wishes, and was living with some friends on the south side, and here I met her one afternoon while out that way on business. I was thinking of some tiling else at the time, and would have passed without noticing her. but that she stopped and spoke to me. Even" then She was discontented: called Horace a 'straight laced silly, for insisting on her retirement from the bar, and said she wished to good ness she were back again among 'the boys.' I left her complaining, and went on aDout my business, sad at heart, thinking of the utter shipwreck my fi-iend, in his infatua tion, was about to make of his life. But the woi-st of my forebodings did not come up to the reality. . - "iSYx»! after this the marriage took plaee, the first intimation 1 received of it being a very nice letter from Enderby, enclos ing his and liis wife's cards, and saving that now he had proved how much 1 had been mistaken, he was desirous of renewing our old friendship. The letter concluded by asking me to call and see the happy pair on their return from their honeymoon. I aiu always ready to acknowledge myself in the wrong if 1 have made a mistake, and in this instance 1 heartily wished, for Horace's sake, that such had been the case, but one look at my friend's face when I next met him told me that, my estimate had been only tjoo correct.. I scarcely knew him, so altered was he. His happy, smiling face had taken on an expression of utter hopelessness, and he anticipated my en quiry after his wife by saying as he took my hand " "Don't- speak of her, old boy. God help me! You were light. She is everything you told me and more; and yet-I love her still-will always love her." ? How strange it is that a man will con tinue worshipping the ideal which he has set up in his heart, long after the earthly embodiment, of that ideal has proved itself utterly worthless! livery day you see it, and in every walk of life. Now it is a man, loving and cherishing a being from whom all semblance of real wo-manhood has long since departed; again it is a woman, who still adores the swinish lump of flesh, mis called a man, who in his treat ment of her has fallen lower than the level of the beast. Can these folk sc-e something in the objects of their steadfast- love which none other can discern? Or is their Godlike pity and forgiveness dictated by that divine spark which, the preacher tells us, diffe rentiates man from the bmtc-s that perish? It is a big question-too big for me; but as 1 grow older 1 seem to develop an un- . comfortable habit-of thinking. To return to my etory. "Before twelve months had passed l'^n derby had lost his billet. 1 was surprised, knowing how his employers valued and liked him, and when we. next met I asked iiim the reason of his dismissal. " 'Embezzlement.' he replied ivifh cyni cal frankness. '1 got away with a few hundreds, but they let me off on account of my past good character. Ha! ha! ha! My character will be at a discount before long I'm afraid.' .'To say that T was shocked would be to put it mildly. 1 knew Horace's salary was quite sufficient to support two people in comfort, besides which he had saved over foOO during his batchelorhood. I ques tioned him closely, and at- last, the truth came out. His wife had squandered every penny of his savings, and then cried for more. He had reasoned with her, but all in vain. She threatened to leave liim for a richer man if he could not, or would not supply her wants. You can imagine what that meant to a man o! his tempei ament. He got her the money she demanded latal step. Had he put his foot down and refused to satisfy her insensate caprices, 'she might, perhaps, have turned oyer a new leai; but lie could deny her nothing, tuid could not even speak "harshly to her. Like most women of her kind, she made up in eun ninnr wjiat she lacked hi wit, steadily dis cerning her husband's weak lioints. and plaving on them with ruthless audacity. Horace was lucky enough to get another good billet shortly after his dismissal, livery one knew and liked him; and had that she devil, his wife, endeavoured to assist him. his first lapse would soon have been forgotten, even by himself. But- she was one of the destroying kind. In less than six months after Horace had gone to his new berth, I held a warrant for his arrest for forgery. I made some-excuse on that occasion, and relegated the job to one of mv confreres, telling him enough of the real facts of the case to make him treat his prisoner kindly. This was the beginning; ll^e end came yesterday- that is, for some few years at least. In the interim Euderby^s life has been one loug torment, from which he lias vainly endeavoured to escape by throwing himself with abandon into the most hazardous and daring career open to him- that of a professional houseoreaker. How we came to connect him with the affair for which he is now on trial would be too long a. stoiy.' I only know tbat 1 would have given six months j>ay J50?11®? than have met him yesterday. Pooroidcnap. He'll get ten years, certain, this tunc, What has become of his wife? Surely you need searcelv ask me such a question. Her fate is horrible enough, but not- a whit worse than she deserves, 1 cannot understaijii Why such women are allowed, to ]ivc. Had Horace not met her-pshaw! whai's the use of indulging in vain speculations? liis fate.; lias overtaken Mm, and there's an end on'.L" 