CHAPTER EXVII.—TO THE RESCUE. “The wound is serious, but not fatal. I have found the bullet with my probe, and will soon remove it. and then, sir, you will rapidly recover.” So said Surgeon Powell, as he stood by the side of the bed of the Hermit in his little cabin. As has been seen,the Surgeon Scout and the “Ghost” both kept ithe appointment made, and that night in the camp at Beacon Rock Frank Powell learned the story of the Haunted Fort and tire Ghost of the Mountains. He also heard how the three scouts had been put. to death, and thait Colonel Cody and the lieutenant could be rescued. And, more, Surgeon Powell learned !ihat the “Ghost” was none other than Burt Braxton, who was playing into the hands of Prince Ashton until he could catch him in the trap. The story -Of how the ranchero had been captured by his sister, their recognition of their re lationship, and that Zulita was there at the Hermit’s cabin nursing their father, the Hermit Nemesis, Doctor Powell lis tened to with the deepest interest. When the cabin was reached, after a hard ride, Surgeon Powell at once went to work, with the result stated. The bullet was removed, tile wound JQressed, Spurs placed in charge of the ■household affairs, and Zuilta appointed to nurse her father back to health and Strength again, while Burt Braxton and Surgeon Powell, both in the guise of .ghosts, were to go to the rescue of .Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. The Hermit had heard the happy tid ings that his children had found him, and he said, smilingly, that he did not 'believe that a bullet through the heart Could kill him then. Surgeon Powell said the news was bet ter than any medicine could give, and Showing Zulita how to dress the wound, \- and leaving her in charge, with Spurs a? assistant, he rode away with Burt Braxton to the rescue of Colonel Cody, -and with everything they could carry to -aid them in playing ghosts to perfec tion. Zulita saw them depart with full con fidence of their speedy return, and that -there was any such word as fail with .them she did not believe. 