'• story. [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AKBANGEMEXT.] THE THBEE DISGRACES! JUSTIN M'CARTHY, Auibor of "Dear Lady Disdain,'.' Red Diamonds," "Camiola," &c.;, to. [COrYP.IQUT.J Ill CH TO N Emlay was some few years ago.a young and pro . mising writer of novels and short stories,. whose path of fiction led him mostly into the. tangled alleys and amid tho doadly nightsbadc bowers of tho sensational ro inauce.: -Ho was.fairly successful in his work—ho had hones of irr eater success—ho enjoyed: liis craft, and lie liked life generally, and lie looked on the .social -world as a vast and inexhaustible reservoir of • materials for short story, study of character , «nd exciting incident, and for the raoro pro longed emotion of the tlirce-volume novel. Sut he had as yet had no experience of his own in anything romantic; he had only once . been really in love, aud this love affair wax of .(he most unpromising nature possible even for, a romancist. The girl. lie. loved..was a voting Enssian woman of great rank whom 5ie had met daring a season's visit to St. Petersburg, and Moscow. It was the first and only visit he had paid to Russia, and he had. gone there in quest of . materials for u novel about. nihilists. and dynamite, and all that sort of tbiug. After be had got there and studied St. Petersburg and Moscow,. be did not seem to seo his way .to any. story of the kind.*; No. dynamite . crushed any where along, bis quiet road. He ' enjoyed himself much, however; he had good j . letters of introduction, aud was well received in society, and there he met the daughter of Prince Vassili, and straightway fell in love with her.-. The father of the princess was a gyeat . noble.who was /understood to have advanced views in politics, and was therefore looked upon with a.little disfavour at: court,-.but whose rank,, wealth, and social position made ; him;.a brilliant figure in .the ..life of St. : Petersburg,•• and perhaps even more in.the; life of Moscow. ■. Ho had two daughters, both beautiful,, graceful, and. clever,, and it was with the elder, of the two that Emlay fell in i love. . i - - . . But Emlay never, told her: of his love—; never had a chance of making such ou avowal, and would not have made it cveu if he had had the chance. What could a struggling London novelist have to do with the . elder daughter of the great Prince VassUi? The princess smiled on him, was kind to him, and seemed to like him, hut Cricbton Emlay kept his-:love .to himself, and he finished his holiday, and came buck to London, and made , stcdicH of the Princess Marie, under various' forms of fiction, principally in short story, and was sadly convinced that they were very poor attempts indeed at portraiture, although no got much praise from many papers for hia charming and delightful heroines. The princess was becoming only a shadow.to him, hut yet she whs a shadow which stood ghost like at. the gateway of his heart and, as ghosts have often done, prevented any other form from passing un Suddenly there came news to Loudon which • interested" the. public slightly-,, but which /absorbed the attention of Crichton Emlay. The Prince Yassili had fallen^ into terrible disgrace. He had been said to be connected with some revolutionary plot. He was travel ling abroad with his wife, and two daughters when the plot—if there was a plot—was dis coyored. He had not ventured' to return to / Russia and stand his trial, and nobody, it appeared, now knew where he was. He hud. been heard of lost at Now .Orleans, and «n application .was actually made by Russia to the United States for his extradition. . Put there were two difficulties iutho -way first, the Russian Government wero not able to say where he was to bo -found, and, next, the Government of the United States would never entertain tho idea or giving him up unless it could be proved that bis plot, what ever it might be, involved-murder as well as politics. So the demand was dropped, and the whole subject soon faded, out of public memory, so far, at least, as England and the United States .wero. concerned. It was remembered very keenly still in Russia. Crichton Emlay was living in a picturesque and somewhat (esthetic suburb of London, on tho farther' verge of Chelsea. Tho houses were all of the intense Queen Anne order, and tho red brick and the white-edged windows gave the place a decided stamp of self-conscious superiority. A good many artists and. authors lived there. They wero rising men us yet; they were not risen men. Risen men would have taken themselves off to some more 'distinctly fasliionablo quarter. There were "some rising doctors thero too, and some, i-ich city men, who liked to be regarded as persons with a tasto for the picturesque and the artistic. Crichton lived in a little flat iu Tennyson ten-ace, uud just opposite! to him ..were the Robert Browning Gardens. In the Robert Browning Gardens had stood for a long time an unoccupied house with a sort of huge breastplate on it, and an inscription thereon in letters of white paint .on • a* background of black, proclaiming that the house was to be let oi* sold, concluding with a reference to. certain agents who: were willing to take charge - of the letting or tho sale. Every morning as he was*dressing and. glanced across the road Emlay observed the announce ment, and began wondering who had lived there, and why tlicy hud gouo away, and who • would fill their vacant places, and whether it would ever be any concern o; his if. tho. house was .soon again occupied or remained as. a howliug wilderness, for ever. And, behold, one morning hoaroseand looked out of his window< and the entablature was gone, aud it was borne iu upon his mind that a new comer was arriving at last. .Crichton felt a sort of languid interest in the movement. He found himself stsking of his own soul the question, " Will it turn out to be a matter of any personal concern to me?" And tbe answer came promptly buck, " No, of coursenot, not the slightest personal concern. Why should it 2 How could it? What can it matter to ' me who comes or who goes 'in tho houses around me ? t don't know at this particular moment who is my next door neighbour, aud I don't want to know. .In fact, I think I would very much rather not know.". But this time, somehow, ho felt strangely curious, "inquisitive, and interested. Other things, however, called off his attention, and he forgot all about the expected occupants of the house over the way. Some days passed, and he had not seen or Iicurd any thing about his new neighbours. He'did uot even know whether the new neigklvours lmd taken up their abode in the house just opposite to him. Eralay was accustomed to have an early ride in the park every morning. It was one of his luxuries, and lie could not do without it.' He often met in the park a near neigh bour of his, the sturdy General Drinkwater, who lived in Tennyson terrace. One particular morning General Drinkwuter and he found themselves riding side by ride. "I say, Emlay," the gallant general said, 1' do look at your opposite neighbours.'' •11 What neighbours ?• And where ?" Crichton answered, somewhat puzzled; "Those three women—don't you seo— there on the walk, just coming towards us." " I see three odd-looking women, hut how arc they neighbours of mine ? Thoy certainly are very odd-looking." 14 Don't you know uuything about them ?" " N'ary thing.". ■ " -i ■ " Well, you won't he long in that blessed state of ignorance. Why, man, they have taken the house right opposite to you in Robert Browning Gardens. I saw them the very first day they came, into the house, and I uever saw such odd- lookimr creatures iu my life!" . "You seem always to bo on tho lookout for beauties, general," Crichton >aid with a smile. " Well, I suppose boys will be boys." The good old general griuued. He liked to be chaffed in that sort of way. 44 Didn't come in for much beauty'there," he said. , • ; - • - • The women did certainly look very odd, and more than odd.-- Two were tall and one was short.. The tall were girls, the short was an elderly woman. The. girls wore huge hats, with whole flower beds disposed ou them.... Their .dresses were garnished, with ribbons of. various gaudy colours. Their skirts trailed on the ground at one side, and were surprisingly tucked up at tlie other. The tucked up side made an astonishing display of red silk stocking and yellow shoe with shiny buckle. The tall girls had veils drawn closely over the upper part or the face, and the lowerpart of the lace was unmistak* ably painted—daubed rather. Tho lips were like some kind.of cherry paste. The chins had a touch of white pigment. The eyes, so far as could be seen, shone deeply uuder dye of. some kind. The two girls appeared to have superb figures, as far as. such dress could allow the figure to be fairly seen, and yet their movements were curiously awkward and ungainly. Sometimes they waddled and sometimes they minced aud sometimes they strode. The shorter and elder woman had her. veil up mid her eyes beamed through spectacles. When Emlay saw them now, for the first time, an odd idea occurred to hint. 44 They certainly cau't be called tho Three Graces," he said to himself. "Perhaps one might call them the Three Disgraces." They were curiously on Iris mind as he rode home, and ho set himself to study them. Nobody ever ssemcd to visit their, curious household. An elderly lady, presumably the mother of .the girls aud presumably too tho woman he saw in the park, was often seen at an open window reading or knitting. An elderly, intra left the- house every morning punctually at nine, and returned every evening punctually .at six. This was no doubt the father of the girls. General Drink water told Crichton that he had heard tho father was a rich old Jew doing business somewhere in tho .regiou of.Petticoat lane, hut the locality seemed to bo rather a surmise of the gallant general's, and to have come up from his sudden dislike of the now residents. General Drinkwater was not by any means aloue in his dislike. Host of the neighbours grumbled at the sight of tho three woman. Crichton saw them very often : passed and repassed them on the Chelsea Embankment. They were always patrolling there. Thoy never seemed to know anyone. People stared at tliem, turned round and looked after them. They did'not seem to mind iu the least. One day, Crichton passed quite near them, and the tailor of. tho two girls sent a sudden flash out of her eyes—Crichton could just see tho light of the eyes through the veil—as if she recognised him. Then tho light of the eyes shrank back into the shelter of the veil again; and Crichton assumed that he raust'have been mistaken when he thought the girl had looked at him with any meaning in her expression.* . " "They surely are not English girls," he thought, and yet ho could hear as he passed that , they were chattering English to each other. "Polish Jewesses/' he said to him self. " These Polish Jews and Jewesses can learn to talk any language like natives." He began to wonder whethei the materials of a story could be got out of them, and this thought 'distinctly quickened his. morbid interest in them. In any case his. interest, morbid or not, was not destined to he allowed to die utterly away. As for instance :— " Hr. Emlay 1 Mr. Emlay !" cried a pretty young married woman to Crichton at an eveniug party in Chelsea, "I do so much want to ask you about your opposite neigh bours. Who are'theyS- What are.they? And can nothing be,done to get rid of them ? Must wo always have them .with us—like the poor?" The questioning lady was the young wife, the second wife, of the leading clergymau in the locality, and she caught hold of Crichton at.what was called. a " neighbours' party" iu that part of Chelsea. ' The quarter was getting rather proud of itself. It was becoming artistic, literary, and even smart. There were three or four peers who had taken to living there, and some influential members of the House of Commons. These "neighbours' parties " were meant to bring together, all the best people. To be invited to them argued that you belongcd.to the best circle—the inner circle of social life in that region. The smart .people of the quarter were very proud of their peers and peeresses' and other distinguised folk/ and J naturally. Mrs. St. Bosworth, the pretty bright-eyed wife of the church diguitary, was very careful about the reputation of the i whole place. "My dear Mrs. St. Bosworth,'! Crichton explained, not withoiit a smile, " I am afraid I can't tell you anything about them ; .1 . don't know, who thoy are, or where they came (from."' ... " But you have seen them—now come, you j must have seen them.".. , . • . - • "Oh, yes, I have seen them more than once." Well, and what do you think of. them ? j I waut to know." ' ! "They are very odd certainly, and j curiously made up, and painted. I suppose." "Painted? Yes, and glazed. I should think. | Toe.paint seems put on. with a sweeping; brush. Have'you noticed .their petticoats?" "Yes,'! Crichton answered with due i gravity. "I couldn't, help noticing their j petticoats." - • . : "Well/and what do you make of them ?" j " Of the petticoats j Nonsense ; no ; of the women." "I don't know ; I really can't make any- j thing of them." "Well, I have had them watched," 3Irs. | St. Bosworth said triumphantly. . I "Yon. have had tbein watched ?" ( " Gertaiuly I have. Do you think I intend ' | to allow this neighbourhood to bo disgraced i by these frights? Do you kuow that I call them the Three Frights ?" . I "I was inclined," Crichton said timor-l ouslv, not quite knowing whether the earnest } little lady would see the point of the joke, I " to call them the Three Disgraces." j "Three Disgraces? Yes—well, how is! , that ? Oh, yes, I sec—of course, I see—the; Three Graces—the Three Disgraces. Very ; good, I am quito willing to adopt it.. I think ; it is much better than my Fright*. Yes, 1 have hud them watched. I felt it was my duty." " Not really ! And what havo you found out?" Mrs. St. Bosworth shook her head in a disappointed way. . "To tell tho truth, I have not.been able to find out anything against them; no, not. a ! word.'! She seemed like one wronged by fate.. "No? But you must bo veiy glad of that." ."Yes; of course one must be. My hus band is.. very glad, but ho is naturally a much better* Christian than I. Ok, yes. he is quite glad, hut I am afraid I was only thinking whether wo couldn't get. them out of this neighbourhood. You sea we really are very select just here, and there are lots of places where these Three Frights—oh, I mean these Three Disgraces would not be minded at all. T think it's rather hard on us, don't you ?" ■ Then some other people joined in. tho con Iversatiou, and Crichton Emlay easily con ' trived to escape. But he began to find him j self curiously interested . in the Three Disgraces. .He could not keep them out of | his mind. . Ho was impressed in un uncanny sort of way. Even the talk of Mrs. St. Bosworth, so harmlessly frothy and narrowly ingenuous as it was, impressed him more and more with this strange senso of perplexity in a problem which had no call on him for solution, and with a business - which was absolutely no concern of his. Who on earth were - these Three Disgraces? And in any case, what did it matter to him who thr>y So he was thinking as ho walked slowly along the Chelsea Embankment on his home ward way. It distressed him that he should have to waste any of his thoughts on these absurd ungainly,;womeii, and yet it seemed to be fated that he must feel an interest in them. ' " Can it be," he asked himself as he walked home that night, "thatI am blessed by for tune with the chance of making a sensational story out of them ?" Full of that hope, he trod the Chelsea embankment. The night was warm and soft in early summer, one of those raro delicious nights which make us- unwilling to under stand what the earlier writers in prose and poetry meant when they pictnred the charms of an English June. Emlay wore a light gray coat < suit, and he remembered with a c of recollection that ho hod worn the same light gray coat one warm eveuing when he was returning from a dinner party in Mos cow,* where he had met and talked with the Princess Marie, and when he had first begun to realise that he had fallen in love with her.; How far away it seemed, that time, and yet | the light gray coat was not old. There was! not anything like an interval which could have allowed the Princess Marie to change in appearance, to lose any of-her charms. He was thinking of this when he found himself almost unconsciously under the windows of the house which was occupied by the Three Disgraces. There were lights in the drawing-room windows, lights somewhat softened and sup pressed. The windows of the drawing-room were partly open. The rest of the house was in darkness.. There was singing heard from the drawing-room, but the tone of the sing ing, like the tone of the light, was somewhat subdued. Still Crichton Emlay, who had positively stopped to listen before crossing the street to his own home,-could distinctly make out that it was the singing of music hall minstrelsy belonging to London and to Paris. The songs were now in English and now in French. '♦These Polish Jewesses," he thought to himself, " that is the only sort of thing they care about," and be was on the move to cross the road and go home to his own den. The house of the Three Disgraces had, like all the other houses in the terrace, a balcony in front of its drawing-room windows. Crichton suddenly "became aware," as the old poets put it, of a woman's figure standing in the balcony. The woman was looking down into the garden and np and down the street. Had she seen him? He hoped not, for he had undoubtedly been listening; and although it was very harmless listening, yet it might seem rude, and the poor Disgraces would, perhaps be sensitive to such sort of attention. Or perhaps they would not mind, perhaps they would rather like it; people of that sort were not usually over-sensitive. But anyhow, whether the women or the woman ' liked it or did not liko it, Crichton felt abashed at the idea of being caught in a listening attitude. He drew himself into the shadow and waited for the woman to go back into the house. . • But she, standing in the balcony, began 'to sing, or croon, in a low voice, a little French song which he knew only too well. It was a song which he bad heard, the Princess Marie sing, and had never heard sung by anyone else. It was sung now in a voice exquisitely sweet, soft, and plaintive, so low that, thero was "nothing lived 'twixt it and silence." And our poor friend Crichton started, as i£ from common-place and prosaic life be.had suddenly found himself set down in a land of blissful enchantment, and he said to his beat ing heart, " It is the Princess Marie!" . And he advanced involuntarily from the shadow, and with his movement the figure disappeared from the balcony. For a moment he stood there and could not move. In another moment the door of the house was opened, and a woman came gliding, not running, towards hhn wbeic he stood. She spoke a few hurried words in Russian. Crichton had picked np enough of Russian to know what she was saying. " At last, at last yon have come," were her words.' Theu she drew close to him, and then shrank back with a look of disappointment and alarm. It was the elder of the two girl Disgraces ; there could be' no doubt about that. There in the bright soft moonlight, Crichton could see the face raddled with rouge and made ghastly white with paint. But he had heard the voice and the song, and he saw the eyes, and be knew it was the Princess Marie. ""Whyhave you come here?" she asked him in a quivering, low-toned voice, and yet in a voice thrilling with emotion. "Do you know mer" Crichton asked in a tone as low as her own. "Yes, I know you; of course I know you.. But it is not to tlie purpose whether I know you or not. Do you know me ?" " Yes, I know you. I know you by your voice. .You are the Princess Marie." "Hush, hush, for heaven's sake! No names here ! "Why do you come here ? Youl do not'come to watch lis, to spy on us ?" J" ""Oh !"' *He positively started with horror I and resentment at this cruel stab. The giriV' 'voicoeof tcned.' " •. : "No," she said, "you brave English gentlemen do not act the part of spies. And I besides, I know yon, and I liked you—we all | liked, you, my father and all.' I was waiting thought your figure was ! he will not come to-night. So go away, do not stay another moment, do not ask me any "questions,'butgo away." " Am I never to know? I might be' able to serve you." ' " Some time, perhaps, but not now. Good night." She almost pushed hira from her. He gave one last look'into her face—that painted, desecrated face, that bewildering masquerade, for he could not donbt that it was a planned and purposed masquerade, and planned for a good purpose. He left her without glancing . back, and hurried to his home. There was one comfort, the street was absolutely deserted. Even already the lights were out in the drawing-room of the Three •Disgraces, and all the.other windows that he could see on either side of the street, save for some few bedroom windows, were quite in darkness. He. was convinced that neither Tennyson Terrace nor Robert Browning Gardens could have seen anything of his ' sudden'meeting with the Princess Marie.- He ■ sat up late .that night," and smoked many \- japes, ancl racked liis brain vainly in attempts • to guess at some explanation of this marvel •lous mystery. His sleeping night was a night of phantom-haunted-and bewildering • dreams—about rescues, by hira, of the Princess Mario. Next morning he received a short and simple lc-tter, written in the hand, apparently, of a housemaid, and containing the words: " Can you be in Batterseu Park to-day at twelve—hear the pond? If so, I may see ybo." It was signed " Mnry." Cricbton had not the slightest donbt as to ; the identityof.the writer, and he took good care to be in Battersea Park ac noon that day, and-not far'away from• the pond. - Hesaw nursery-maids go by with perambulators, and he saw romping little.giris and boys and ; elderly women-with baskets, but he did not see any of the Three Disgraces; he did not see the Princess Mane. He was growing disappointed, perplexed, and angry. Then there came along one of the pathways near to him a young woman look ing like an overworked governess, iu a cotton frock and a shabby shawl. She was reading a book as *he tramped along. He saw that she was reading through green spectacles. All his life long Crichton had detested green spectacles when wonx by women. But as the girl passed him she lifted the green spectacles for a moment, and he sawthe bright eyes of the Princess Marie. " Good morning, Mr. Emlay," she said, in words that had only the faintest trace of a foreign accent in them. " I see that-1 must make myself known since you did not recognise me." . " I knew your eyes." he stammered. "Not through the spectacles. Oh, r.o; I might have parsed quite unknown to you if I had not lifted the spectacles. Well, will you walk with me for a little ? The lady who employs me is not likely to be anywhere about here to-day, and she will never suspect that her nursery governess is walking with a young man." "Are you really playing the part of a nursery governess, too?" lie asked in utter amazement. "Yes, that is one of my parts. But I am only a nursery governess who gives lessons on certain days of the week, and thin is not one of my days, and so I feel quite safe. Do you want to know why I have asked you to meet me here jn.it now ?" "I am deeply anxious to know. I am deeply interested in you." " Thank you; I am very glad to hear it. I asked you here because I do not want yon to be seen coming to our house, and I want to tell yon, since you have found us out, why we are playing these extraordinary pranks. How you found us out X have not tbo least idea; but it is only too certain that if a friend could find us out an enemy would be still more likely to get at us through any dis guise." - "I did not find you out," he stammered. " It was all the merest matter of chance." "Didyon think U3 very horrible? You know I saw you often and often as you passed us on the Embankment. We were all greatly amused at meeting you." "Thenyou all recognised me?" . . "Recognised yon? Of course we did. "Why should we not know you on the Chelsea Embankment*a* well as in Petersburg or Moscow? You were not disguised. "We were.". "You were, indeed," he said emphatically. "I never should have known any of you— no, not even you." he added, with a' certain deeper tone in bis voice, as he glanced at her and her green spectacles. " Well," she said, hastily, and yet gravely, " we had to be disguiseo. Our one great object was to avert suspicion as to my father's whereabouts. He could be wife nowhere but in London, and he could not be safe even in London if .we did not take some means to. prevent anybody from guessing who* we T/ero. So we thought it nil out, und we decided that our best plan would be to"* inhke' ourselves conspicuous • and; ridiculous. Any • women would -bei willing to hide in obscurity for their fathers' | sake—not many women, we thought;' not many women who bad lived in society and in fashion, would be supplied likely to make public and ridiculous exhibitions of themselves fur any'purpose. Obscurity- would never'liave sheltered us; to be publicly ridiculous was our only safeguard." She turned to him. with panting breath. '"Your 'idea was. that the brilliant and fashionable Princesses Vassili would never be supposed .by anyone to have turned them selves intothefrightsof a:Londou enburb?" "Yes,", she said, with a certain hesitancy, " that was our idea, arid so far it has been successful." But your discovery frightened us; not about you—oh, ho, not about you—but about others—about enemies keener-sighted, yes, far keener-sighted thiau you. W6 had to choose between the risk of timid obscurity and the rise of flaunting ostenta tion. We thought it alt out, and we made our choice. So far, as I have told you, it has succeeded. But now that you have recog nised us,' we begin to be afraid." "Yes, but of whataro youafraid? Do you really believe the English Government would consent to hand over your father to his political enemies in Russia ? " " Oh no, we don't suppose anything of the kind. You don't quite understand our fears. What we do fear is that unauthorised and officious sendee may be rendered here to the Russian Government; there might be a secret capture—a kidnapping—oh, yes," and her cheeks turned deathlike pale, " even an assassination, which some of the base understrappers of the Russian.. police might believe would be welcome to the Czar und>' the Russian Government. Oh, my friend, I can tell yon that such things are not uncommon in'the dismal story of our political movements in Russia. ' What is my father? Why he is only what you here would call an advanced reformer, a man who thinks but of the welfare of his country, and of his people, and of every good Govern ment." Her eyes kindled , and flashed. " I am proud of my father!" she said, in a tri umphant tone, and she sent a sidelong defiant glance at Crichton. " You have good right to be proud of him," Crichton said fervently^ and he had not the slightest doubt of the truth of what he was saving. He did not know much about the movements in which Pnnce Vassili was en gaged, but he knew that he was talking to Prince Vassili's daughter, and he knew that ho was in love with her, and that was enough for. him. ".Can-I-help you in anyway—any way whatever?" he asked. "I will do anything —ruu any risk— ".Oh, no," she answered, gently. "There is no risk that you could run;—or uny English man. You cannot help us, you can only give us your sympathy." " Oh, for that," he exclaimed, "you hare all ray sympathy, and touch more than my sympithy—and you must havo known that long ago." " Dear friend, is this a time for talking of things like that ?" "No, I admit it; it is not the time. .But may not the time come?" he asked,, with passion in his voice. He had crossed the border and he was glad of it. He had forgotten his own compara tively obscure position, and he had ventured to make love to the' Princess Marie. For the time he did not remember that the Princess Marie was an obscure exile in London, watching over the life of her im perilled father. -"You are a strange young man." the princess quietly said; " most people seek their | friends when the friends are in prosperity, j You wait to proclaim your' friendship until i the friends are in obscurity, aud in danger, | and in disgrace." | "Then the time may come?" j " If we get over this, the time may come. | Now, goodbye. It is not proper that a' i nursery governess in green spectacles should : be seen talking too long to a young man in Battersea Park." " One moment before I go. What is your hope for your father V " He has the warm friendship of the Czarc witch—who is working heaven and earth for him—without success so far. Now good bye until —" *" May. I not see you ? " " No, not for the present." " Goodbye ; don't forget rae." "Forget you ?" So they pirtc.l. Some months afterwards the newspapers announced that the Prince Vassili. against whom some unjust accusations had been made, had been quite restored to the favour and confidence of the Czur, aud that he and his wi e and daughters had re turned to St. Petersburg. They had been living, it was added, for a long time in an obscure exile, nobody knew where. Now they had gone back to their splendid home in Petersburg, and would after a while return to their estate at Moscow. The society papers soon after announced that the brilliant young novelist, 3Ir'. Crich ton Emlay, had.gone to Russia on a visit to the Prince Vassili. Before long the society papers will have to make another announcement—the announce ment of a marriage between Mr. Crichton Emlay, the brilliant young, novelist, and the Prmcos Marie, daughter of Prince Vassili, of Petersburg and Moscow. 