LUTE GENERAL NEWS. BUhop Thnrnt va, Rddreoeinfj the Church Con greas ot Ballarat yaaterdny, Bttid that religious life in Australia was dtplornbly tneau, and comtnerciol morality consisted mostly in plundering. A largo consignment of lemons from Italy has been condemned in Melbourne on account; of being Effected by settle. It wob reported yesterday to tho Pieubytorifin General ABBBinbly Bitting in Melbourne that owing to the falling - ff in the receipt of tho church, old nnd inflriu membera will lope 35 por cen£. of their BulaticB, At tho meeting of tho Preabyterinn ABBoralily in fllelliourno yeaterdwy ft dftlivemnco was adopted propoBing the uppoiutiuQnt of u Bpecial committee to ten whether nn improved system could be intro duc. d of trntiGferring and eettling ministers in the Church. It wits etnte.1 tli'ifc tho prosnnt Byj=tein caiiBed discontent throughout ihoChuroh, nnd l-oth tho mpn 1 1] umB-Ivcsniid their congregations suff ''red through it. There wub renlly do much 'wire- pulling,' Diiid one* apeater, in the filling up of vacancies under tlio present eyntem, thnt many of tho ininittTH had hi'ormin utterly diBguutcd, nnd there wns widepprond diecontenfc. Mr. John Ycomnns, retired officer of the Vic torian Tjxndd Department, died Buddenly in u cor ridor »t the Melbourne Public Olilcea yestorduy, while taking to Dr. Lloyd. II n hnd just remarked that 'I Imva never felt bettor in my life,' when ho slid to thi' floor, and died without another word, lit? wbh 70 yoara of u^o. . Three- meo, formerly subjects of Professor Konnidy, have- confesBed that tho cxtniordinary fonts pciforuird hy them under the nlluged, iuflu eneo of hypnotimn wero all frauds, find proved tho fiict by giving a practical exhibition before it large number of leading medical men in Melbourne. Tho rainfall on 'Monday in Victoria averaged three- quarters of an inch throughout tho oolony, doing immense, good. liny harvesting was stopped aud fruit trees wero injured hy tho violence of the storaia. More rain foil again yesterday. Thfl ropork of tho Aged Poor Commission hnBbeen laid on I ho bible, of the South Australian Parlia ment. It r.'OommondB tho erection of cottage homes for nil married inmates, a destitute asylum, fcho boarding out of euitablu inmatea of tho asylum, and inaliennblo pensions for colonists who havo con tributed to the uimsion fund, whioh would bo bud eidised by the Government. A number of Victorian fruitgrotvoi'3 havo notified tho Agricultural Department of their intention to export fruit pulp to London during the coming season. Mr. Taverner, tho Victorian Minister of Agriculture, expi'cts thnt altogether about 250 tons of raspberry nnd apricot pulp will bo shipped to England during the next two months. Tho rnspbernen will como principally from the Lilydalo district, and from Kinglakc, near Whittle* on, while tho apricolii will bo moBtly producod in tho Goul burn Valley. Ho received a joint notification from nino village settlera nfc,Monbu!k, in tho Dandonong RnupeB, saying that thoy would Bhip 25 tons of raspberry pulp. Tho pulp iR expected to realise cIobb on ifilOOO in London. This the Minister takes an eridooco thnt them) sottlurs are boing firmly established on tlio land. Mr. M'Gowan, M.P., whon seen lnat night said thnt the caucus meeting of tho labour party hud discussed tho ton duty, uud tho result of tho discussion wns that no alteration had boon made in tho uttitudo of tho party as he.,bud unuounced it dunng thn debntn on the financial atatoinenr. No difluitn statement or promise, the labour Qlcndcr said, hnd been mado in regard to tho pnrty supporting tho tea tnx con ditionally upon tho compromise abovo referred to. No change was contemplated. As a matter of fact momhers of hiB p»rty wero divided in their opinions nB to how the money should ho raised in order to establish an old-nge pmision fund. Same mombers thought it should como from a Innd tax. Others thought it was a fair charge- on nn income tnx. But Mr.-M'Gowen Bnid thoro wns nn impropsion at tho meeting thnfc portion of t.ho revenuo dorivablo from thvtea duty would be devoted to tho eatnblibhmunt of the qld-ngo fund. Piittir Chiniquy has onterod on hU 00th year. He is in por feel health j liiu sight and honring mo ns good ns whon he wns 20, nnd ho prenches with no moro fatigue, thnn when nt 20 ho delivered his first public dipoourBt). At an inquest held lately upon nn infant which died in Shoreditch, London, from starvation, it was ascertained that tho mother, father, and two chil dren hnd to exifit on 2a n week, nftnr paying rent, nnd that amount wan earned by the mother making Blippers at l'Jd per pnir. A Spaninh paper imyH thnt one of tho qoldinrs about to return — Icbb both armR — lolt homo mar ried, nnd tho father of two children. His wife was kept bo long without news that on her mothorin Inw'a advice, believing horself tu be a widow, she married her huebnnd's brother. The, marringe resulted in a non ; but -vbat 'elco it will ronult in when tho armloijs ooldiur getB to Barcelona ia a matter thnfc amuses those, busy goatipn of tlio neigh bourhood whoio busincBfl it iBn't. It is, foitunntoly, seldom thnt suoh a Bcrios of futfilitiifl na thoeo reooutly nttonding tho Bryant, tiimily at ICaot Warron nro recorded. l)Aiist thoro died Mr«. Bry/int, next herdnuglitar, Mrs. Griffiths, muccumbed, and then another married daughter, Mrc. B/ouff, who bad oomo to boo hor ailing mother, look flick and dit-d. Next a uon of tho deceased Mrs. -}/ifflths fell ill, death- resulting, aud fiunlly another grandchild of Mrs. Biyant pnatod away. This all in n short apace of time. Every fatality but ono in traceable to measles. Mr. Bryant and hi' nioco woro aleo attacked, but nro recovering. Mr. Young gave a favournblo roply yentorday to a deputation which urged tho olnims of Wyalong to a railway. SamploB of now whont nro coming forward fraoly. Tho grain is pronounced fur miporior to that of hut harvest. Tho Adelaide Board of Health hus rafupod tho BorviccB of ii gont'eman, who offurod himsulf as a rat cxpuit, to guard ugainet rats biioying the bulionio plague to fcho colony. Tho Viotorinn Govurnmonfc han. taken Btops to cheok the. wholoBalo isbuu of hawkorB' lioonaus to UUUUP II It Ult) /iblUllUd. Tho Victorian Legislative Counoil hns passed to tbo third reading stage tlio Plurrtl VotlDK Abolition Bill.. At Coolnbah laet wsck a fl ok of emiiB camo right into town, apparently dyin,? for want of water. ? Ib hv. been ngrccd liy tho Prowler to mnbp thn. scope of tho inquiry of tho Huntor Rivir Flood Comiiiieflton very wide. -Tho death in unnounood fiom Oampbolltown of Miolmol Gfildlng, aged 83 ; he tiok part in tbo Irish risiiiK of 1818, Vvry shortly, the Kuilway OommlBfiotiernnseuroJ a deputation yesterday, u naw syttcm of traction would be in tnm on tho tramways. Tho oattlo wliinli rooi'ntly died at Tain worth fell victims, it him been definitely naoortnincd, to Cumberland (Ucoueo. Mr. Copeland, M.L.A., reoogniacB tho great dim. - 'culllcn which Mo in iho wny of tho Publia scbuol tenohero during the hot weather. Hh in doBiroiio thnt tho Minister of Education shall tnko into con sideration the udviscdbUiiiesR of having cnuh of Publio sohooln provided with puukaliB, so an to hocuio n onolur ntiuosphoro nnd better vontilntion during tho imimn-r imuths, such punknha to ho worked by wnter-powor wliaru that is avnilftblp, aud in other pi torn to bo worked by hand. Conuidorablu alarm ivhb expnrionoud by timid rcbidenta of Oonnlngtoi), noar Pc^ith, at tho fre quent iippunrnnco (,f n conventionally attired ghost. Lately n number of reflidenta waylaid tho itppnriMop, who &urrondor;«d on boing biiilod up hy a revolver, i'lio oontumu oonsistod of a shoot, with ojolct holiui, and decorated with red pnint nnd other elaboration. Tho ronidunta decided uot to hand him over to tlio polico, bill; to ndminintor a nound thrnshing with a paling. This wan accord ingly dono and tho ghont iofc ali liberty. ? At lOilgoorlio, on Saturday, Jules llenri Biitrix, a fruit hawker, reported to thn polioo thiit hid muto John Malono, had boon kicked to death by a hnroo. SuliRcquntiMy siiflplcionB of foul play wore arouond nnd.Butrix was nrrentcd. IIo lma bi-un committed for trial. Dr. Hunt, tho Quconnland Govornmont Pathc lfifjinr, {luring hin ronldonco in tho cnntral diatrlct-a, hns thoroughly invoatigatod thn uubjeob of Holt fever, und in cutitfiod with tho cfllonoy 'of innooula tion. Two oldidontitios died at Guunodnh, lnH* wook, Mr. William Kolly on SnturJny, ond Mm. Patrick Dftroy, aoar., ou Suuday, The Anglican CongreBS was opened yeBterdny at Ballnint. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Bullarar, preBided. Thoro wero oIbo preEont the BiBhops of Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Tasmania, and New castle. Dr. Thornton delivered his ' opening nddrees, in tho courto of which ho vehctrently aesailed detiomiontioBai disintegration. Australian town life, ho said, was i-taincd deep with in tempernuco, profsnity, nnd luit terrible to record, even amonRRt children. The testimony gathered from bush life wns far.from favourable, theft being incessant, unchnstity lightly thought of, nnd BUicldo was becoming cpmmon. Tho tone of tho bar w»s often utterly unbecoming, and tho language of i-.ho 1oirh\,itiv,- Ohambero often decrrading. Public nun of repntntinu resorted to foimB of claptrap wit and banal jocularity over Scripture phrases and ideas. The gambling spirit was a cancer. Our mil ( h was uudietingoiahable from frivolity, and our nmuaementa drifted townrdB folly. He feared that Australian culture w«b not yet predominantly Christian, nnd bo believed thnt tho Church was tho only remedy for thn evils mentioned. Thn eastern branch of the A.N.A. promptly met nnd considered the Bishop's nddreBf. On tho motion of. Mr. A. M'Kenzio, seconded by Mr. D. A. Browne, n motion «aa paat-:ed resenting the asperetons cast upon Australians. Mr. J. W. Prince, a working miner, late of Yal wal, Wowru, Ims written from D/twson City caution ing all AiiKtrnlinn miners who might think of going to the Klondylio ffolufiuld to remain where they are. He says, ' Kloudyko is a voiy pnor field, aud the rush has been a boom to tnko peopla down. I urn (-lire no goldfleld ever broko out about which thuro wero ao many uufounded report! as there have been about this.' The Registrar-General declares that though marriage with a deceased wife's sibtaria legal in tho colony, imirringe between a woman and hor deceaBad i.iioh.iiiri'j limt.hnr ia illoi'nl. null, and void. So what is snuci* for tbo gooEO is not always snuco for tho gnnder. Phylloxorn continues to sprend at Glenfield, uear Liverpool. Mr. Dnvis hus ruported fiuding the pest. iu his vineyard, ono of tho finest in tho locality. This makes tho fourth viaeynrd found diseased within the Inst few monthe. Vignerous view the. situation with considerable nnxiwt.y, as tho viuc ynrdB infected nio situated in tbo eontro, of tho vine-growing industry. Tbo vineyards affected appear healtny, and nro loaded with fruit. Tho Iofb to owners is Beriuus. The work of doBtruction of same of tho ?'inpyariip, whioh aro badly infected, is now beiug proceeded with, and it is reported thnt tho pest; in various Bruges ban been found. 