[?] ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. ? v ? (From our Special Correspondent.) London, October 21. 1898. Dr. Cockburn and his wife were among the guests of the Lord Mayor on Friday evening, 'the occasion being a pleasant in terchange of civilities between the Frui terers' Company and the Lord Mayor, honored by long usage, 'which took place at the Mansion House. The Fruiterers, on fVioii. iiai*f T«v\n nrh f. +n tint* onlnnn rvf fchp civic hall a splendid offering of the frtiits of the season, the Lord Mayor on his part invited the Fruiterers to dinner to meet members of the corporation, councillors, and other guests. Tne fruit displayed on table, tastefully decorated with light foli age, was suiTounded at 7 o'clock by ladies and gentlemen, assembled to witness the presentation. At the head of the table stood the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress and the officers of State, the sheriffs and their ladies. In making the presentation of grapes, white and blade, in full ripe bloom; melons, pineapples, peaches, apples, and pears, Mr. Deputy Soper, past-master of the Fruiterers' Company, said that all the fruit was British grown, and he as sured the Lord Mayor the company were doing their best to stimulate the growth of fruit in Great Britain. Fruit, of course, has a great interest for the Agent-General, who was greatly struck by the magnificent display. To the tro-^ pliies of each kind he could only apply' one word, 'perfection,' but the grapes made him marvel. The individual grapes approximated the size of egg plums, and the tounohes carried his mind back to a picture familiar to most of us in childhood, wamely, that of the two spies returning from the Promised Land staggering under the weight of their luscious spoils. He was greatly impressed also by the magni ficence of Mansion House hospitality, and by the luxury of the furnishings of the rfrnnlinn-rnoms. which are adorned with numerous works of art, including speci mens of the work of the best known pain ters and etchers. These, however, are the property of Colonel Davies, the present Lord Mayor. Another thing that struck Dr. Cock-burn was the magnificent of the uniforms of the powdered and plush breeched upholders of the mayoral dignity. When the pristine splendor of these uni forms has been dulled a trifle I am told they find a ready market in the wilds of Africa, the native princes and potentates being very anxious to secure them in order to impress their subjects and extend their kingdoms. Their use at the Mansion House has often been questioned. Why should the first citizen of London surround him self with such gorgeously attired menials? The reason is plain to me. These awein duce visitors to that chastened frame of mind necessary to keep them from rebel ling against the long and often ultra, prosy after-dinner speeches common to Mansion House banquets. Dr. Cockburn had no inkling when lie went to the dinner that he was to be called upon to inflict aspeech on his fellow guests, but he found himself fixed upon to reply to the toast of 'The colonial guests,' pro posed with commendable brevity by Alderman Sir Henry Knight, who gave the Agent-General a lead by referring to Australian wines and fruit, and by deplor ing the protectionist proclivities of the colonies. He also made reference to the generosity of the motherland iu granting autonomy to her colonies. In reply, Dr. Cockburn said he came from a land of bright sunshine and sapphire skies, where fruit of every kind grew luxuriously, but never had it been his good fortune to see such fruit trophies as those presented to the Lord Mayor on that night. It was only right, however, that London, the centre I of civilisation, should be able to collect the best of everything. He thanked the mayor anu iSir nenry ivnignc ior tne kindly allusions made to Australian wines and fruit, and expressed his pleasure at the fact tiiat the antipodes were in a posi tion to plentifully supply the London mar ket with the choicest fruits at a time when they were not procurable from other sources. As to Australian wine, he thought that its purity and excellence would soon secure for it a place on every British table as an articJe of common consump tion. Adverting to Sir Henry Knight's re marks upon the fiscal policy of most of the Australian colonies, Dr. Cockburn remin ded his fellow guests that fiscal questions were always delicate matters to touch up on. So far as Soutli Australia -vas con cerned, he could only say that as a coun try in its industrial youth, the citi zens were only desirous of profiting by the example afforded by the fiscal policy pur sued by the supreme industrial nation when her manufacturing industries were in their infancy. And remembering the rigid system of protection practised by England at that interesting period of her glorious history, South Australia was striving to attain her excellence by copy ing her example. In granting autonomy to the colonies the motherland had simply given her off spring the opportunity of developing their natural genius. And the natural genius ot the British race lay in their ability to manage their own affairs. A boat load of Britons landed on any coast in the world would inevitably become in the course of days aa orderly self-governing community. The mother country, then, was not only generous, but wise, in granting to the colo nies the means of working out their own destinies. Dr. Coekburn's speech contained also a few of the expected references to the 'ties that bind' and Imperial federa tion, but he was very brief in his senti mental passages, and his speech was there for all the more appreciated. The Agent- General's next appearance at the Mansion House occurs on Friday week, on the occasion of the grand dinner to the Sirdar, which will be the event of Colonel Davies's fast expiring mayoralty. Yesterday in company with Mr. Sin clair, the Victorian Government produce expert, and Mr. Dow, 'The Advertiser's' special commissioner on agriculture, Dr. Cockburn paid a brief visit to the dairy show at the Agricultural Hall. He was greatly interested in the working of the Radiator buttermaker— an invention which achieved much newspaper fame a couple of years ago, but which does not seem to have been taken up by Australian dairy men. This cleveny-constructed machine pasteurises the milk, separates the cream, and produces the butter in the true granu Inr frirm in something lf«H than two minutes. The entire operation is auto matic, the work of the attendant being reduced to watching the thermometers and lubricating the moving parts of the ma chine. The entire plant costs very little more than the ordinary articles necessary to buttermaking on a commercial scale, and the Agent-General cannot, but think that it would be of the greatest possible value in the colonies. Regarding the dairy cattle on view at the Agriculture; Hall/ Dr. Cockburn admiteJliSnH&ey; -artf on the whole a very remarkable lot ofr milk and butter producers, but so far at , stud stock were concerned he thinks thai the owners of cattle taking prizes at th^ \ R.A.S. shows in the colony have nothing* . to fear by comparison. . ? ? I ran across Colonel J. M. Gordon t!«r other day, the ' first time sincrf V:: his return from the big' autumn^ ^ manoeuvres on Salisbury plain. As I told 5'ou at the time the' colonel was attached to the balloon sec^ tion of the Northern Army, but he did not make any aerial flights,. The balloonists, I indeed, took very little part in the opera-! tions of the army, being relegated with'1 the baggage to the rear. Colonel Gordon/ ihoiwever, did not lose anything by being attached to the section. He seems, indeed, '? to have been 'in, the thick of all the fire worth seeing in connection with thefcc operations, which are indulged in appa rently more with a view ito finding out the weaknesses of the commissariat arranges ments of the British Army . than to give generals an opportunity of provine their tactical 'knowledge and strategical skill. And if this was the case the manoeuvre* were indeed a bri'lliant success. The army; powers that be had some splendid object lessons in how not to cater for an army in the field. Colonel Gordon, by the way, is great iy. pleased with the military authorities here* who afford him every facility and assis tance in carrying out his duties as inspec tor of warlike stores, and he finds his colo nial knowledge and experience of the greatest value an facilitating his work. He has recently been appointed a special member of the Ordnance Committee— ?»;- ? body composed of distinguished represen tatives of the naval and military forces, which deals with the whole question of the Empire's armaments. Socially also Colonel Gordon finds himself very happily placed. He has the run as an honorary member of most of the soldiers' clubs, and of several institutions which do not cater specialV for her Majesty's naval and military offi cers. To add to his enjoyment of life and work he has the pleasure of seeing Mrs. Gordon making steady progress towards health and strength. Reverting to the manoeuvres, I may mention a rather laughable incident which occurred iu connection with the balloon to which the colonel was officially 'attached.' The officer in charge got rather «ick aa the days went by at not being called upon to make an ascent. Finally, he up- . proached his general and begged leave to try the powei-s of his charge. The general was quite willing, and ou the following morning— the Northern army being then under orders to retire precipitately before the officially irresistible Southern force on the morrow— the balloon man gladly availed himself of t'he permission, and pru PPf'dpd :llnft' iu« Imlliirm hoinrr rtf /i/Mirc-* captive. He was hardly 50 yards above ground when a section of the pursuing Southern cavalry came upon the scene, promptly captured the guard of the bal loon's gear-cart and ground apparatus, and commenced to wind the aeronaut down to earth. He, however, did not see fit to fall into the hands of the enemy, «» cut the restraining cord, and sailed away into space on the wings of a freshening breeze. Colonel Gordon, who saw the ascent from a distance, was rather cha grined at his lost opportunity, but his dis appointment was considerably modified when he heard that his friend had to spend 16 hours aloft before he could make a safe descent. Three distinguished names have been added to the already representative list of statesmen aud public men forming the Grey Memorial Committee, to wit, those at. Lord Russell of Kellowen, Lord Chief' Justice of England, Earl Carrington, and ; Mr. Sydney Buxton, Under Secretary of State for the Colonies in the late adminis tration. Surprise has been expressed in some quarters that Lord Salisbury, who .is Lord Robert Cecil claimed the hospitality of the dead statesman in New Zealand, and subsequently rendered his host good service at times in his career when official lostility threatened to bring it to a pre mature close, has hot actded his name to the list. Lord Stamford's name is also missing from the list as published, but he will doubtless be invited to join the move ment to do honor to the memory of his illustrious relative. The fact that Sir 3aniel Cooper *is not one of the committee has also caused remark, but after all Sir George was never identified with the. mother colony, and Australasia as a whole is adequately represented on the com mittee. A good story illustrative of the ignor ance of the colonies, which was at one time a leading feature at the Colonial Of fice, and is not even yet entirely banished from Downing-street, is going the press rounds at present. As is well known, the late Lord Carnarvon officially recorded his opinion of Sir George Grey as 'a danger* ous man.' Sir Charles Gaven Duffy, on one of his visits from Victoria, called upon his lordship, and in conversation chanced to introduce a reference to Sir George. 'A very strange and incomprehensible charac ter,' said Lord Carnarvon, with a shake of the head, 'I hear he has now withdrawn to an island off the coast of New Zealand and surrounded himself with a number of wallabies.' 'Oh, yes, I think that is not at all improbable. Rejoined Lord Car narvon— 'What must foe the state of morality in a country where you make light of such a proceeding?' 'Why, my lord, what do you suppose a wallaby to be?' 'A half-caste female of course. Is that not so?' 'Certainly not, a wallaby, is simply a small kangaroo.' Mr. James Sadler, who has been touring in the north for some time past, returned to town a few days ago, looking 'fit as -v fiddle,' and confessing to feeling ten years younger that when he left Adelaide in the early summer. He has enjoyed his holi day immensely, in spite of two periods of severe indisposition, and I'm afraid views with feelings not akin to pleasure the near approach of the P. & O. steamer Austra lia's sailing date. Mr. Sadler leaves Lon don on November 3 for a brief spell in Paris, and will join his ship at Mar seilles. Whilst iu Glasgow a few weeks ago Mr. Sa'dler took the opportunity ottered to examine the system of booK-;- keeping in vogue at the Savings Bank there. He doesn't seem to have been 'struck dumb with admiration' thereof by any means. It differs in many essen tials from the system in use at the Ade*. laide Savings Bank, which,~1h Ms opinion, is quite as safe and far quicker than the Gldimnw method. WMst to England Mr. Sadler has kept hie poetic muse severely in check, but the deatfc of Sir George Grey moved him to pne little sou net, which appeared in the 'Daily Chronfc °i' understand that several shipowners have decided to take ^advantage of the'eer-, tificate which will be iBsudT by Hpyd's reieiater of shipping in connection with t&e; refrieeration and insulation of produce* carrying 'vessels. Messrs. TurnbulL Mar« tiu & Co.'s new vessels are being surveyed; If : with a view to getting the Lloyd's hall ??::tnarkr' It is'hb'pecPthat the certificate will -'tend 'to reduce- the carrying expenses, arid ??'?.'?'BO benefit the shipper of perishable pro :r duce. - ' : The Agents-General for South Australia,' ? New -Zealand,- and Victoria, :'m'et at the ;. West Australian office on Monday last to ? talk over with Mr. Wittenoom the desira ? ? bilifcy of attempting to obtain soine conces \- Biorifrom the Australasian shipping com panies in connection especially with the carriage of exhibits for the W.A. Interna tional and Mining Exhibition. They de cided to instruct the sneeial commissioner, Mr. E. T. Seammell, to make an apneal to the various companies through Messrs. T. Cook & Sous. The Dairy Show at Islington used a few years ago to be patronised by the Aus tralian Governments as a means of intro ducing the dairy products of the colonies to the British public. In the show now in progress at the Agricultural Hall, Aus tralasia is represented only by a few cases of Queensland butter and cheess, which though of very good quality are by no means representative samples of the best that Australia can produce. 'The reasou for abstention on the part of the other colonies is, I understand, the expense, but if, as I have suggested many times, the colonies concerned in the dairj- industry co-operated, an excellently representative display could be made at all the leading dairy shows at a very small cost. And I think the advertisement gained would be cheap at the price. Following on the Narrung and War rigal, Mr. W. Lund some time ago gave orders for two sister ships to be built of equal size and tonnage. The first of these, fcjje Wakool, is now berthed in the South West India dock, and will leave for Adi» laide, Melbourne, and Sydney, via the Uape, early next month, under the com mand of Captain Thomas. The steamer is a 6,000 tonner, and has been built with til the latest improvements and fitted with the most modern machinery. There is an tbundance of cool storage accommodation, and the ship is fitted throughout with the electric light. The dairy produce season of 1898-9 com menced with the arrival of the P. and O. Arcadia last week, and which brought 115 boxes of Victorian and New South Wales butter. The small consignment was landed in excellent order, but was not all equal to being designated ''choicest.' I under stand that for one small parcel 114s. per cwt. was (Obtained, but a considerable por tion of the shipment went into consump tion at considerably under that figure. The prospects for the season seem good. The Panes are said to be short of winter fod der, and the droughty season which has prevailed in the old country must check to some extent the home production during tbe coming months. The Orotava has brought 1,763 boxes in first-rate order, and so far as one can learn the quality is very good on the ave rage. The price for choicest ranges from lOSs. to 112s. Information has reached London to the effect that several parcels of American and Canadian have been recently received at the Cape from London bearing well known Australian brands on the boxes. Mr. .Sinclair, the Victorian expert, is tracking the offenders out with a view to stopping their little game by legal pro ceedings. Mr. Albert F. Calvert was ever a para gon of modesty, ami it must have been painful to him to be forced into print to contradict, by means of a circular letter to all the London papers, Mr. Witte noom's statement that the recent dis covery of diamonds in the Nullagine dis trict of West Australia was the first inti mation of those precious gems in this par tiaeiay part of the colony, and to claim for himself the credit of discovering the dixmondiferous nature of the Nullagine conglomerates. This he did in 1891 — seven long years ago — but his modesty lias patenting him announcing the fact until now, and his natural generosity compels him to ad mit that 'within a hundred miles of the Banie locality he discovered, whilst wash ing tin, crystals oi' rubies, sapphire, and tourmaline,' and that some of the stones he brought home were submitted to a leading firm of diamond merchants in London for cutting, with the result that the ''leading firm'' certified that ''these ?white diamonds would fetch quite as much in the market as the ordinary run di diamonds. ui course scupia people are now asking questions as to why Mr. Cal vert did not try to turn his knowledge of iNullagine's richness in gems to commercial advantage instead of wasting his energies and other people's capital in developing ?wild cat mines and other unprofitable concerns. The reason is plain. The dis coverer of a diamond field would neces sarily lier- onie notorious, and Mi'. Calvert's objection to notoriety is such that as you have seen he prefers Dankmptcy to fame and fortune. Tis the perversity of genius, and nothing more. Mr. Calvert, by the way, has filed his accounts. His gross debts amount to over (£42,500, of which some £15,200 are un secured, and his assets are valued at (£23,062. At the adjourned meeting of his creditors yesterday, Calvert's solicitor stated that his client was unable to find the money necessary to pay the 7s. Cd. in the pound lie had offered. The debtor had managed to raise half the sum re quired, and desired a further adjournment to enable him to complete negotiations in another quarter for raising the balance. The creditors, however, refused to accept that proposition, and passed resolutions for bankruptcy, with a trustee and com mittee of inspection. Mr. Jack Hellings, the holder of the City of London 100 Yards Championship, had a ridiculously easy task to perform in order ^to retain his honors last evening at the -Westminster baths. The best man in opposition was the old polo player, J. F. Monks, who, however, hadn't the ghost of a show with Hellings, who paddled home four yards ahead in the slow time of 1 min. 8 see. To-morrow nipht Master Jack .?will add the Southern Counties 100 Yards Championship to his trophies, unless the unforseen happens. The best of his op ponents in the race, which takes place at Hornsey-road baths, will be the holder, !A4 A. Green, who has recently returned fWihi' a voyage to Australia, and R. G. F. Cohen, another Otter man. Green's best itinae tor 100 shards is 1 min 6 2-5th sec, land Coden has never beaten 1 min. 7 sec, so ?Hellings ought to win very easily if he is able to reproduce his last year's cham pionship form, which represents about 1 min, 3 sec. in a 44-yard bath. Your recent visitor, the Duke of Man chester, who arrived in Paris a few days ago en route for the old country, must ttiave been considerably amused to find himself named in one of the leading Pari sian journals as one of the chief backers of a plot alleged to be on foot to restore the monarchy in France by placing; the Duke of Orleans on the throne. His grace of Manchester, however, saw that this ridi culous yarn had its serious side, and promptly expressed hia opinion of the 'childish invention of which J comprehend neither the origin nor the'e&d;' in the Parisian press, and to guard against vacci .denfcs such as. the. police authorities of the Centre of Fashion occasionally bring about in their zeal to nip political plots in the bud quitted Paris-next' day.* ' ? Mr. John Murray will shortly publish a work by Messrs. Louis Becke and Walter Jeffrey dealing with the early naval his tory of Australia. The.tible of the volume will probably be 'The Naval Pioneers of Australia.' -Mr. Becke is now in London making the final revisions of the work, which will be illustrated with reproduc tions from old prints, which the authors ihave .secured from sources not hitherto available. Haddon Chambers has practically com pleted the new four-act modern comedy which Mr. Wyndham has arranged to pro-, duce at the Criterion. The 'youthful Aus traliau dramatist,' as he is still termed by some journalists, seems to have aban doned the, play dealing with South African mining matters and city 'finance, for which the late lamented Barney Barnato was to supply 'local color' and technicalities, but intends, I hear, to make dramatic use of the varied city experiences which the dead millionaire assisted him to gain. Those ex periences, if report speaks true, were not always to Haddon' s liking. Barney could ?make money for himself easily enough, but his 'tips' were not usually provocative of, feelings of gratitude among those he fa vored wibh financial hints. The reason was that Barney only dealt in half confidences. His tip to buy was probably all right, buL he didn't complete it by telling you wheu to sell. . According to current report Lily La-ngtry 'has had enough oi the sport ol kings for the present, and intends to sever her connection with the turf at the conclusion of the present flat-racing sea eon. Merman's defeat in the Cesarewitck is said to have made a serious hole in the fair owner's banking account, but I hardly think her losses over the Australian horse are the cause; of her retirement. Mrs. Langtry's luck during the season has been ?heartbreaking, and one can hardly won der at her deciding to give the turf the cold shoulder for a time. Delays are not always dangerous, and sometimes they are salvation. Miss Hilda Spong, who sailed for America yesterday in the steamer Marquette to fulfil her en gagements with Manager Frqhmann, had arranged to cross the Atlantic in the ill fated Mdhegan, which ran on the Mana cles last Friday, and caused the loss ol over 100 lives, but was forced to transier her passage at the last moment owing, I hear, to costumiers' delays. Mr. George Musgrove entertained on Friday night lasi- the officers and men of the Guards- -who recently returned from the Soudan at the Shaftesbury Theatre. The 'Tommies' were enthusiastic in their approval of 'The 1-telle of New York,' which piece still draws excellent houses, and showed also tfteir warm appreciation of the 'free canteen' which the boss of the old firm generously provided for his military guests. There should be a large muster of Anglo Australians at the Albert Hall on 'Wednes- day week next -when Madame Mel'ba's con cert takes place, and for the first time in the hall's musical history the three chief performers, the prima donna, the leading contralto, and the solo violinist, will be Antipodeans, namely, Melba, Ada Cross ley, and Johann Kruse. Miss Crossley, by the way, appears with Albani and Ben Davies before the Queen at Balmoral on Saturday next, and the gifted trio will be the guests of Lord aud Lady Carring ton at Abergeldie Castle on the previous day. The report of the Freehold Trust Com pany of Australia, Limited, for the year ending June 30 last, states that the net profits for that period were £3,903, which, with the balance of £2,360 brought forward, enables the directors to propose a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum for the last half year, and cany forward £3,563. The report winds up with a recommendation for the immediate windiug-up of the com pany for the reason that in consequence of the great reduction which has taken 'place in recent years in the rates obtainable on loans over freehold lands in Australia, the directors, as existing loans mature, find it impossible to renew or reinvest the money on terms which will yield a profit to the ?shareholders. The ordinary general meet ing of the company takes place next Thursday, and ai its conclusion an extra ordinary meeting will ensue for the pur pose of discussing the board's recommen dation, when, no doubt, the resolution to Arind up will be carried. 