DREYFUS CASE. M.. Zola's letter to M. Fanre. Sweeping Indictment. The Daily Jfcws of January 1-1 says: \- JI. Zola's letter to the President of the • Republic. published in the "Aurore,"has '•■■■ been written with the objoet of forcing ; a prosecution in the Assize Court. . Those who are personally acquainted with ■31. Zola are satisfied that this is ■ v what he wants, 51. llolino stated in ■ tho Chamber tliis afternoon that criminal : proceedings for insulting the array, &c.;, would be taken .against tho author of a the letter to the President of the Re public. Unless the jury very much ''."misrepresent... .tho opinion of their countrymen,.II. Zola will- be sentenced to • imprisonment -r- twelve months, perhaps. .: The manliness of 51. Zola's ■ conduct, his resolve to bo in the early Christian sense a martyr, that is a witness, is totally misunderstood by his . countrymen, and from tho mass he gets nothing but execration and threats, hi. Zola warns 3R Faure that his Pre sidentship is about to be sullied by an ineffaceable disgrace. A court-martial 'has dared to acquit 5Iajor Estorbazy by . orders—an insult to justice und truth— and history; will record that this crime against society was committed while hi. Faure was President. Ho (51. Zpla) . will not be less daring than the court > mnrtjSk A"baneful man, says 51. Zola, : has conducted tho whole Dreyfus case Colonel du Poty do Clam.. The. truth \- will never be fully known till all this man's doings aro brought to light. Here is 5L Zola's portrait of the • colonel:—. ; "Ho appeared a foggy, involved mind -haunted'with • romantic'intrigues, "de lighting in the methods of the detective novel, anonymous letters, appointments in > lonely places, mysterious ladies who •'hawk ahout at midnight crushing pieces of evidence. He bethought himself of I dictating the 'bordereau' to Dreyfus, .> ho proposed to study his countenance in a" room lined all round vpth looking glasses..' He, as . 5Iajo'r? Eorzinctti, ; , relates, wanted ' to take Dreyfus by surprise in his cell during the prisoner's deep, with a dark lantern. There remains hiueh more to be told about : Du Paty do Clara. Ho is the first man responsible fo'r an awful miscarriage'of justice! It was found that confidential information was leaking out of the 5Var Office, leakages are going on as much 'asboforo. It was conjectured a priori \- that the author of the 'bordereau' -could pnly.be an infantry officer. . Major Paty de Clain persuaded General : Mereier, a man of not much mind, • General de Boisdcffre, who appears to , have yielded to his clerical passion, and General \G°USC) whoso conscience ■•.sceihs bo . have always'; been elastic. •Paty de Clam hypnotises everybody, for ■ he goes in for spiritualism and occultism, ; and. holds conversations with. ghosts. This first part of the Dreyfus affair, when Du Paty put Dreyfus to every kind of . mental torture, is a nightmare for those ■ who know the story." The whole investigation, continues • JI. , Zola, 'took place just as in the chronicles of the fifteenth century— , mysteriously,\ud with sensational ex .pedients, all founded upon one single childish charge:—that asinine "bor dereau," which was not even a com mon piece of high treason, but the most impudent of swindles, for the famous secrets mentioned, therein were for the most part utterly worthless. The letter continues:— . "Xow Dreyfus, is before the court .. martial. The trial is in camera. Had ; a traitor eouspired to bring the Em peror William in triumph to the steps of Notre Dame the mystery would not • have been more jealously guarded. The natiou is overcome, and dreadful- stories arc whispered. "What is there behind all this ? Hothing hut tho romantic and lunatic wanderings of Paty de Clam. Read the acto d'accusation. It is a prodigy,of iniquity. 1 defy honest people to read it without indignation. Dreyfus speaks several languages. A enmo this. Ho compromising papers are found at his house. A crime again. He sometimes goes back to his birth place. A crime again. .He is hard working, he wishes to know, every thing.- A crime. He is unmoved before tho jugc il'instruction. A crime. Ho is moved. Still a crime. AVe were told formerly there were fourteen charges in. the indictment. . "Wo find there is biit one—the 'bordereau'— and we learn that even the experts were not agreed, and one of them, If. Gobert, was jostled in military fashion,; because he dared to , entertain the! wrong opinion. AVo arc also told that twenty-three officers came to denounce Dreyfus as witnesses, but we do "not know what they said, and wc know that all did not attack him. Moreover, they all belong-to the staff. It is a family trial. The general staff made the case, tried the. case, and has just tried it again a second time. "Then people fall back on tho alleged document shown to the judges behind Drcyfus's, back. I deny the existence of this document with all my might. Perhaps there may be a ridi culous letter concerning fnst women where somebody speaks of " that animal D but a document con cerning the national safety, a document that cannot be ' shown without war breaking . out to-morrow ! Ho, no, that is a lie, and all the more disgraceful and shameless, as the liars lie with impunity. One cannot bring their villainy home to them. They are rous ing up Prance, screening themselves behind her legitimate emotion. They are closing people's mouths, disturbing hearts, and perverting minds. I know no greater civic crime." Dreyfus's wealth, tho absence of any alleged motives, his continual cry of innocence, AT. Zola goes on, show him to bp a victim of the ravings of l'aty do Clam and of Jew baiting, one of the disgraces of this age. Colonel Sandherr, of the AYar Office, died, and Colonel Picquart took his place. One day, a note sent to Esterhazy by tho agent of a foreign Power awakened Colonel Pic quart's suspicions. AI. Zola relatesat length his inquiry, and he says J' General Billot was a uew man. He was not compromised. . He could have cleared up everything. He did not dare —in terror, no doubt,'of public opinion. He lost the opportunity. He has now committed himself, and he has accepted the criminal legacy. He is more guilty than the others, for it was in his power to see that justice was done. Can you understand this ? General Billot, General de Boisdeffre, General Gonso know that Dreyfus is innocent, and they keep this frightful secret'for a whole year, and thoy are able to sleep at night, and they have wives and children whom they love. The crime was consummated. The staff could not afford .to confess it. Colonel Picquart was sent to -Tunis, but not in disgrace, for General Gonso carried on a friendly correspondence with him." The contest between Colonel Picquart and Du Paty is next described by M. Zola. We shall meet them both again some day before the assizes. At bottom it is always the same thing—the staff defending its existence, unwilling to confess its crime, the abomination of which, says tho author of the letter, is increasing from hour to hour. \- "AYlio are *the protectors of Ester hazy? Pirst, in the dark, Du Paty. His hand is betrayed by all sorts of eccentric expedients. Then Do Bois deffre, Gonse, and Billot himself. The only upright man in the affair. Colonel Picquart, is tho one who will be punished. It is said he forged the note from tho foreign attache to Estcrhazy. AYliy? Is he also paid by tho Jews? The bennty is that ho was an anti Semite. AVn see this infamous sight of a man ruined with debts and crimes acquitted without a stain on his character, while men of spotless lives ore put in prison." General do Pellicux and Major Bavary then conduct, says M. Zola, a scoundrelly inquiry in which knaves are whitewashed and honest men be smirched. Then tho court-martial, M. Zola shows his renders what a court martial is:— " AYlien ! a Minister of AYar has publicly stated in the Chamber that a sentence must he maintained, will any soldier give him tho lie ? The judges were suggestionised by this statement | of General Billot. Thoy argued thus— Dreyfus was sentenced for treason by a | court-martial. He is therefore guilty, and we—a court-martial—cannot say that he is innocent. But we know that to find Esterhazy guilty would be to proclaim Droyfus's innocence. They have rendered an iniquitous sentence which will remain for ever a blot on j eourts-mnrtinl. The first court-martial i was perhaps imbecile, the second one is | necessarily criminal, l'cople talk to us | about the honour of the army. 'We | have nothing but tenderness and respect ! for the army that would rise to repel an i invader, but the question in hand is not ! about this army, but about the sword I wielded by a master wlro will perhaps | be imposed upon us to-uiorrow. Are we '.to kiss the handle of this sword ? if ever. Another crime is to have sought defenders iu the dirty I'ress." 31\. Zola gives a scathing indictment of the last conrt-marfial. They allowed the Public Prosecutor to insult a wit ucss," Colonel Picquart, andjust as he was rising to reply they closed the doors. He then proceeds " I do hot despair in the least of onr final victory! I am more certain of it than ever. In fact tho ease only begins from to-day, because now our respective positions are clear. On one side the guilty parties, who are against light; on the other side the avengers, who will devote their lives to. the vindi cation of truth. I accuse Colonel du Paty de Clam of. being the devilish author of this miscarriage of justice. I accuse General Mcrcier of being, through weakness, I suppose, an accessory to one of the greatest ini quities of the century. I accuse General Hillot of holding certain proofs of .Dreyfus's innocence and having kept them secret, and of harirfg committed this crime against the country, man kind, and justice, for a political purpose, to save his* staff. I accuse- General de Boisdeffre and General Gonso of being accessories .to the same crime. I accuse Geucral de Pellieux and Major Bavary of baring carried on a scoundrelly in quiry in a spirit of monstrous and, as the indictment shows, shameless par tiality. I accuse the three experts in. handwriting of baring made .lying re ports, unless they are insane. . I accuse the staff of carrying on in the Press, and particularly the Eclair and Echo de \ Paris, an abominable campaign to pcr : vert pnblic opinion. I accuse the first court-martial of baring violated tho law in giving judgment on a secret docu, iuent, and the second one of cloaking this fault by order, and of eommittiug the crime of wilfully absolving a guilty man." 