SUNDAY AT HOME. MUSINGS FOR SUNDAY MORNINGS. By the Rev. J. H. Jowett, M.A., of Carr's-Lane, Birmingham. \---------- "Be-not drunken with wine. . . but be filled with the spirit."-Ephe- siansv., 18. That is an extraordinary antithesis. The contrast would appear to be al- most irrelevant We are accustomed to oppose excessive drinking by the claims of abstinence, but here the al- ternative counsel is the reception of the Holy Ghost. "Be not drunken with with wine, but be filled with the Spirit." Do not try to accomplish by one way what can only be attained by another. Do not seek the stimulus of life primarily through the senses, but through the heart. The fundamental need of life is not a sensation, but an inspiration. Man haEaa body; he is soul. It is folly to seek to spur the essential powers of life by a stimulus of the flesh. The stimulus must be more inward, and must be given by the Holy Ghost in the soul. If a man wants buoyancy, power to contend with a "sea of troubles," and keep his head above water; if lie would be light hearted, and have power to resist the awful, pressing weight of urgent care; if he would be optimistic, with reason that can pierce the near and frowning horizon, and realise the golden mor- row beyond, the secret must be sought, not in the highways of the body, but in the deep recesses of the soul. And so the subject of the contrast expressed in the apostle's words is this-the real stimulus of life; what is it? What is it that reaches and quickens the inner- most man? And the answer given is this-the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Wine might excite a nerve; the Holy Ghost inspires and stimulates the life. "Be not drunken with wine, but be iilled with the Spirit." But how are we to become filled with the Spirit? Along what lines may we re- ceive stimulus and inspiration? The apostles supplies an answer which, to the worldly wise man, may savor of foolishness, and appear as a message for babes. "Speak one to another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs." That is to say, one of the great s means of revival and stimulus is to be found in the channels of fellow. ship. I am to take psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, the rich, inspired, spirit-filled utterances of my brethren, and I am to use them for my own in- spiration. Along the way of life they made discoveries, and I am permitted to share in the fruits of their painful toil. They trod the wine press, and I may drink the juice. They put their experience into "psalms and hymns and spiritual songs," in order that what to them had been a doubtful experi- ment may be to me an unwavering as surance. I am afraid that in our day this means of spiritual stimulus is very . largely ignored, and its loss is partly responsible for the flatness and low vitality of so much of our Christian discipleship. We cannot afford to drop The Hymn and the Psalm out of our daily religious life. They offer us the vehicles of the Spirit for the carrying away of fear and despon dencies, and for the bringing in of a buoyant faith and peace. Goethe's mother used to say that whenever her son had a grief, he turned it into a poem, and so got rid of it. We may not be able to turn our griefs into our own poems, but we may turn them into other people's poems, and so be rid of them. Stimulus is sometimes gained by mere expression. Souls are often heavy because of pent up feeling. A mode of expression would be a means of relief. Utterance would be revival. The means of utterance can be found in "psalms and hymns and spiritual songs." In these we may find our stimulus. We may gain our inspira- tion from that which is inspired. How else may life receive stimulus and in spiration? The apostle gives a second answer as startingly simple as the first. Stimulus may be found, not by drink ing wine, but by cultivating gratitude —"giving thanks always for all things in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ." Is not that profoundly true? An un grateful heart can never be exuberant. Where is no gratitude the spiritual nerve is dormant or dead. But how is it where gratitude abounds? The whole life quick, alert, exhilarant, ex pressionable. We say that a man's face "beams" with gratitude. That is the right word. There is exhilaration within, and it reveals itself in a coun tenance illuminated-without. Gratitude confers the quality of "aliveness," and acts as a stimulus to all the complex faculties of the soul. There is still another method of inspiring thile life, mentioned by thile apostle, in this great passage-the method of self-subjec tion; "subjecting yourselves one to an other in the fear of Christ." Self sub jection is a powerful stimulant. It makes life buoyant and exuberant. At the heart of the self- seeking man God has ordained that flatness and dead ness shall reign. He may appear bright and energetic, but his exuber ance is forced; at his heart there is heaviness, weariness, death. If you want to revive your life, go and lose it in another. When a man subjects himself to the service and welfare of another, he enters into the joy of his Lord. Seek your stimulus, not in wine, but in fellowship, in thanksgiving, and self- subjection. "Except ye be converted, and become as little chil- dren, ye shall not enter into the king dom of heaven."-Matthew xviii., 3. "As litle children." How frequently the Lord took a little child for his text! How often he rebuked the hust ling, selfish behaviour of feverish, am bitious men by putting into their midst a little child! "Except ye Become as Little Children." What is there about little children which must also be fthild in those of a ripe age who would be Citizena of the Kingdom tf Gxd ? What iare thf great characteristics of the child-nature in which all healthy mnaturity must Sshare? 1. I think the first great feature of chilidhobd is pure afflection. In childhood, affection is spring water. It just bubbles up most nturally, and is pure afid delicious. In manhood, affection is too often tari wvater. It has flowed through pipes of expedi ency, prudence and' alculation, and it has 16st its sparkle auid- limpidity. "Mastefi, wihO shall be greatest in the Kingdomh of Heaven?" There you have affectibni which 'is' losing i purity, affectidn Wdith a selfish aim, affection yoked to personal ambition. Now that is the perilous tendency when our lives emerge out of childhood. Affection is prone to pass into long sighted cal culation. "We have left all and Ig followed Thee; what shall we have therefore" Love sets a price upon it self and demands payment. Tha.t is not the way of little children. Little children loved Jesus for the pure luxury of loving Him. Their love was its own reward. They loved the lov able and were happy. But are not older people prone to think that de votion to Jesus ought to be returned in the shape of temporal prosperity? 1)o we half expect material payment for spiritual service? The Lord wants us to have the pure, uncalculating love of little children. He wants us to live so much with Him that to love Him shall be our highest bliss. "My God I love thee, not because I hope for heaven thereby, Nor because they who love Thee not Are lost eternally. But as Thyself hast loved me, 0, ever loving Lord." 2\. The second great characteristic of the child nature is its fine sensitive- ness. A child's spirit is like a photo- grapher's sensitive plate, exceedingly impressionable, responding to the daintiest touch of the softest light. The joys and sorrows of the world find in children a most ready and sympathetic response. Now this line sensitiveness is apt to be lost as. childhood is left be- hind. Our impressionableness is prone to lose its delicacy. The grief and happiness of the world don't move us with the same facility as of old. Our character is inclined to harden in one of two directions—towards a gloomy pessimism or towards a glar- ing worldiness. The child disposition may be symbolised by the month of April. April weather easily breaks into sunshine, and quite as easily melts into rain. Childhood easily breaks into smiles. It quite as easily melts into tears, and before the tears are dry the smiles are there again. But away from childhood we are prone to lose the April characteristics. We pass either into the dull heavy, pessi- mistic gloom of November, and it is difficult to move us into smiles, or into hard, worldly glare of June, when it is difficult to melt us into tear's. These are the two great tendencies of all life which is not vigilantly watched—to a gloomy pessimism which loses its sym- pathy with joy, or to a hard, prosper ous worldiness, which loses its sym- pathy with grief; and both dispositions are opposed to the child nature, one of whose great characteristics is a ready responsiveness, a fine sensitiveness for the whole emotional round of com- mon life. "Become as little children." 3\. A third great characteristic of childhood is its open-mindedness. Childhood is an age of eager question ings, and not of dogmatic conclusions. It is a season of keen receptiveness, of intense love of the sweet light. Now that open-mindedness is apt to be lost with the growth of our years. Re- velation is regarded as closed, the volume as ended, all light as given, so that our knowledge can now be ar- ranged in final forms. That was cer- tainly the condition of the people among whom Christ's earthly ministry was passed. Their minds were closed, shut up tight against the recep- tion of any new revelation from God. And so the Lord spoke of them as having their eyes closed, and their ears stopped, and their hearts har- dened. They had lost their open- mindedness. Their windows were no longer open towaruds the dawn, for the reception of the truth of God. There were two forces acting at work clos ing their minds, and they are quite as active to-day-the forces of pride and prejudice. When these abound in a life, every door and window is closed, and the "Light of the World" will seek admission in vain. If we are healthy, and have the nature of little children, we shall have a hungry, open-minded- ness for the truth. "As new born babes, long for the milk of the World." —"Sunday at Home." =========== A St. Petersburg paper tells the fol- lowing strange romance of the sea:— The British steam schooner Gastold, trading between Brazil and the Bal tic, with a cargo of ebony and ma- hogany, put into the Finnish port of Hango. She had on board three offi- cers and 43 men and a Miss Mary Gas- told, who is described as being in com- mand of the vessel since the death of her father a few months ago but is more probably the daughter of the late owner. The lady, it seems, was en- gaged to be married to one of the officers named Thomas Smith, but this fact did not save her from the perse cutions of the third officer, whose name is given as Sariets (Sarriez?). The evening before reaching Hango, while the lovers were enjoying the view of the sunset on deck, the third officer came up and once more deman- ded the lady's hand in marriage. He had been threatened 'ith dismissal at the first port they touched at for his importunities, and on Miss Gastold again refusing to listen to him, ne drew out a revolver and shot her fian cee dead on the spot, afterwards at tempting to shoot himself. He was at once secured, however, and im- prisoned in the hold until the ship reached port. The victim of this mur der was only 26 years of age, and the lady just 21. Zeehan.—Two agents in Zeehan receive the "Examiner" by every opportunity. They are Mr. J. C. Collings and Mr. T. L. Hood. For the latest read the "Ex- aminer." 