u v:/ . WAYS OF THE WORLD. By BOYET. gf" The humourists of the world have come j £, nobly to the rescue of a dull week. The j Emperor of Germany has been pumping a ? 5? * lire-engine right royally. The Beudigo t '£[, ghost has been well peppered, leaving be-| hind it, in the hurry lo get its impalpable 1 t body out of the range of solid shot, "half; a dozen yards of white muslin," and tlie ;. Kniperor of .Russia proposes an "inter-! ; national disarmament." This brings to j * . )nind the Danish fable of "The Boys and j ')/ the Cats." After some hard-fought I skirmishes extending over a lifetime, the boys suggested to the cats that it was j f about time for peace. The cats were glad >;;,to hear it, and gathered on the roof of a' very high building to listen.to (he peace pro- ; \ posals, "which wore stated by the chief: V 'bov. When he had done au ancient torn ?f arose and suggested, before they went any! j , : further in ihe matter, that the boys' 1 should empty their pockets of the stones, j ; ! ?> .. I A \ ietorian lady who was at ihe State j ' Hall, Buckingham Palace, writes to an Aus- ; "" .'.traliau friend:-"The tirst dance on the pro- j .gramme was the Lauvcrs. This surprised ' we, after being accustomed to the old-; ?.? 'fashioned first set of quadrilles for ? years. The Prince of Wales danced .» i with the Duchess ol" Sparta and \ the Princess with the Duke. There j V;.. was no romping, the 'kitchen' clement being quite absent. At the figure where ' tiie ladies stand in the ccntre, hands were r- .-merely joined, the wild and boisterous kick round being tamed down to a dignitied I ' walk. After all, a state ball is merely a big I "crowd of onlookers invited to see the JJoyal-1 ? ties danc-e, and go to supper. W hen tliey ' have liuished the guests can indulge if they please. Hut dancing amongst them is the exception, as there is so much to see. At | flipper, which was superbly done, we ali Vs.carried away the bonbons ns souvenirs, i-/; There is a bench set rparl for duchesses, and .7' - the coronets and jewels here wore simply ^dazzling. I think the Duchess of Devon Fhire looked most regal in white satin, the Duchess of Portland next, and then the Duchess of Marlborough. The plate is very lino, most of it being on mounts ol red ?&t.;, p.'usii fixed to tiie walls.'' * t I P There is a row bow for men, and "Madge"' gives it. The performer grasps .jhis hat with such astounding swiftness ,that he occasionally omits to remove his cigar. Then he describes a curve with it jffjthat almost bangs it against his knees or j .^juet above them, and just as rapidly places ij^'it on his head. Last season the idea was ."to raise the lint an inch or two, and to pre- j .??*-Borve a stolid passivity of countenance the v"": while. The two went well together. Thcj ^expression !ess calm of features remains,! but assorts ill with the wild urgency of the windmill bat trick. The latest American matrimonial idea is ! to convert the whaleback steamship, j Christopher Columbus, into a matrimonial I agency. The managers of the company ad i vertised that they would pay the Bum of £5 and give other inducements to couples married on board the steamer running be i tweeu Chicago and Milwaukee. Next day . 200 let ters were received from young men ! desirous of obtaining the advantages, and ; many young women asked the managers to | find them husbands. Here is the germ of : an idea for Hobson's Hay steamers aud ; Sydney Harbour ferry boats. j j Gossip from Home.-Miss Kate Bishop got £30 damages against the syndicate run ' ning "My Innocent Boy" at the Royal j Theatre.-Lord Brassey has been visiting ,the local dockyards at Devon port, where he was guest of the naval commander-in-chief, , Admiral Sir E. Fremantle, nt Admiralty j house.-Lord Hopetoun has gone to Hoin j burg for his health.-Lieutenant Greatorex, some time on the Australian station, is one ' of the officers of the Crescent, under com ' maud of the Duke of York.-"The Aus tralasian Club"' has been opened in London ; at "The Ship and Turtle," Leadenhall stveet. The executive committee is com posed of:-New South Wales-Alfred Gar rick, J. II. Geddes, Robert Gray. Yic ! toria-A. W. Cunningham, George Niven, J. Jl. Siuolair. Queensland-Charles S. Dicken, C.M.G., H. S. Littleton, Oscar de Satjre. South Australia - M. Atten borougb, W. B. Wilkinson, )2. Burney I Young. West Australia-Philip Mennell. H. J. Saunders, William Thompson. New Zealand-James Doughty, Thomas Macken zie, Sir E. Montague Nelson, Iv.C.M.G. Tasmauia-A. Duthoit, J. T. Roche, N. S towers. Hon. Secretary-Dr. D. H. 13eeg ling. While we have been thinking abcyit it in Melbourne, Sydney has had its "Poster Dance-"' It was given in connection with the Society of Artists in the Paddington Town-hall on August 25, and was a. .dis tinctly prccious success The Poster girl is a demon to: twirl; She was born through a/bottle of ink, And a tin of green, with ja ;dat> between,f- ^ i From a tube of yellowy pink. From foot to waist (lie scissors and paste Have cut her a 6callopy guy.- ' . ' ' While lier tittupy Jiat, with the tail of-a-eat," Lanks over and dabs Iicr eye. The "Hoarding:" set" she is dancing yet, Where she faddles away on top, But lier doodah day is to rip away In tlie Washington Post-er hop. How the signs of spring harden on every tide. In front of eh op .windows, ladies swarm on fine afternoons. The blowfly at night com.es out of his hiding-place, and takes preliminary bumping canters round I the cciJing. The last of assembly dances are Announced, thousands of blooming ' country faces are met with in town down for the agricultural show, one can see to read by daylight going home in the 0 o'clock train, dust rises on tlie least encourage ment by the wind, and the hydrant man discontinues watering the streets. Yes, epriug is here iudeed. A "welcome" banquet was given in Lon don to Mr. E. Wittenoom, new Agent General for Western Australia. Sir Charles Dilke was in the chair, and there were, in addition to well-known rank aud file names, three earls, a number of lords, baronets, and right honourables pre I sent. I only mention this because of the j paragraph that concludes the notice of the dinner, from which we may gather some idea of how English dii>ers finish up the evening. So different to our quiet and hum drum ways, don't you know. "The dinner over, small groups were formed, and conver sation flowed freely. The night being young, some suggested an adjournment to the Em pire or the Alhambra, others wanted to look in at the Lyric Club, and a strong contingent voted for the American bar at the Cecil, where 'whisky sour'-a popular Yankee concoction-was the order of the ; day, or, rather, night. The guest of the j evening, of course, went off with his wife, ; and the genial chairman had to rush away j to iiis Parliamentary duties."' The footpad who attempted to rob the i young lady on Toorak-hill must either have | been a beginner or a great imiif at his busi | ness. The slightest knowledge of the ways i of woman would have told hiiu that her ' puree wasn't worth even looking at on her return fronj town. He should have known that when a woman sets out for her after noon jaunt to the lilock she carefully cal culates the money she requires, even to the odd halfpenny, aud spends it. "One and six for ribbon, a shilling for chocolate creams, fourpenee for stamps, and sixpence for glove- cleaning." Three and four alto gether; and that is about the average con tents of the female purse. The bloated con dition of the article is generally due to the presence of tram'tickets,coppers, and cough lozengfcs. It was the presence of these that no doi/bt led the unfortunate footpad astray. BjVtfte way, women are very thoughtless amr earelcss with their purses. A habit they have ivhen travelling iu trains is to lay them calmly on their laps, and look steadily out of window. Those who know take no heed, but I have seen needy travellers feast ing their eyes on those apparently wcll filled purses (Dead Sea apples), and twirling their fingers. It is not fair play, especially to that class of person who can resist every thing but temptation. News comes by-the mail of the marriage of Countess Cowley, daughter of the Marquis of Abergavenny, and sister of Lord Richard Nevill, to Mr. R. Ji. M. Biddiilph, eldest son of Mr. R. Myddleton Biddulpb, Chirk Castle, North Wales. All the children had been ill, fltid <he doctor had ordered theui away to the wild climate.of Bendigo for a change. "My dears," wrote their mother, "I don't really think you had better come down for the dance," a juvenile one long promised. The reply was prompt and to the point. "We must, mother; our programmes are full, and we've even written out fill we're going to eat at supper." Maryborough . (sweetest of names) is keeping right abreast of the times. The winter pastime for its ladies i6 billiards; billiards in tlfe local library, with a nice fire, and the tea things on a side table, so snug and cosy like. Aud the kind, eelf sacrificing men come in aud give valuable hints and assistance, especially on such points as "making the bridge," holding the cue, putting on side, &c.; Making a bridge is the chief-dare I say it-pons asinoruni of the lady players. They never make it twice alike, and -demand constant instruction from the men. Many of the billiardistes are already giving promise of becoming ex i pert players. But they must be careful, or the allurements of black pool, pyramids, ' and snooker will insinuate themselves, then pocket - money will disappear nil too quickly. Finally, the wicked cigarette may get a footing, and then the harmless tea will go, and in will come the exhilarat ing limejuice and soda, and the ladies will begin to play with the chalk, and cut the cloth, and call the marker "Jack." Belleville, the French suburb so much identified with barricades and revolutions, has had a beauty show. It was organised j by a band of Paris painters, sculptors, and j poets. About 100 girls of 15 or thereabouts ! competed for the honour and prizes. The j chief award fell to a Mademoiselle Rochet, but she did not get much in the shape of j a prize-only a fat rabbit. The "accessit" I fell to Mademoiselle Raux, who was the ! only one of the competitors wearing head j gear. She appeared before the jurors with ia red Phrygian cap on her chignon. Her ' prize was a bottle of strawberry syrup. The j chief prize-winner was very angry at only I {jetting a bunny as her award, and used j ornamental language, and stamped her foot. But she was consoled on being told that her profile would be modelled by one of the jurors, and the. chief poet would compose verses to her as a memorial of her triumph. Lady Butler (Mrs. Elizabeth Thompson, the founder of the Roll Call, Quatre Bras, &c.;) has been annoyed by an imaginary in terview with her that has appeared in a weekly paper. A photograph of "Lady But ler and her Children" accompanied it, but -it was the wrong Lady Butler, and the wrong children!. 