THE MARGARINE DEPUTATION. . TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — There can be no denying that: margarine is a colorable imitation" of or a patent counterfeit of butter. Mr. Hanncn, in his letter, gets oiit of that phase very well, and he may bo conceded the "not proven" verdict on the other points. But can he guarantee the con science and tlie craft of every retail trader lo whom he sells in hulk? But let that stand. What is margarine, and how is it produced. Whence come hogs' lard and bulk tallow? I have no doubt that if I were allowed to set out. iu these pages, microscopically illustrated and otherwise pic- lorially elucidated, all that is involved in a full and correct answer to the foregoing proposition as to hogs' turd and bulk tallow, "a she is made," my facts in point of sensation- producing would double-eclipse De Rougemont's best flights. A knowledge of hogs lard raising uud bulk tallow gathering— the buses of the product under discussion — is what lues lead to the biatc ukase of sale or manufacture of this butter ghost m Canada. . , . , 1 lwve neither dairy farina nor trado commissions to bolster. It has .been my lot to "tramp" much of this colony and continent. Far and near 1 have stvn the "Gehenna"— where the tire ecu.scth not from burning and the worm (Beth not — the station, the farmyard, and the butcher's shambles meltiiig-|xil— ' "the boiling-down pot —into which are tumbled, indiscriminately m many cases, the "drop-deads," the "dead-beats," bovine aJid equine, tiio tulierculous und the cancerous. "Take of these elements all that is fusible. Melt 'em all down in a pipkin or crucible; v Set 'em to simmer uud taicv off the scuui, And first-stage margarine is the residuunn Nay, further. Every country shambles has its yard of scavenging swine to devour the offal, and convert it into "a marketable commodity," as tlie shopkeepers would say. The swiue, per force of habit and dire neces sity, become carnivorous, flesh, fat, aud all, for the pig yard is a place cramped as to area, and usually so entirely devoid of a vestige of vegatitiou that whole generations of swiue bred and brought forth FU?«V »,u->'e» taste aught but the semi-putrid offal or tlie hriH-boilcd carrion txrforc referred lo. Think of the dog s-lmsb cha racter and origin of the lard, and the kindred nostrums made up from (his uusavm v cauldron diced ; and of tlm "mountebank l.vi.uf," in season and oul, of tlmsc who sell this carrion-fed bacon or pork as dairy produce. Much, of course, will be pleaded for the gonn-dotri>\ijig action of lire. But the Charon of these terrestrial Hades have tongues burning tor a drop of cold water, too, ih times, and neglect the cauldron; the fires burn low, and a. simmering heat will not destroy microbes. Ihiis the tallow or lard gels ladelled into tho casko at tepid This, need I say, is a cold, naked analysis of facta, necessarily somewhat general, but strictly accurate. In my ineandeiings I have seen much ot the kindly and sinpahtctic efforts of society lo soothe the ebbing life of many a bright spirit suffering daily proclamation of death-warrant from this insidious, far-coming, and rar- reacliing kindred curse of phthisis. It, indeed, needs all our sympathy, and more effort at thai end of - But are not all the efforts at the wrong end.' 1 retention is better than cure, because if the prevention bo effective the cure scene does not open. , Here wo aro, politicians and all, fiddling while Rome is burning— wrestling as we are and have lictrii ovci figures of speech in a party l>"cnl culled tho (XniiinonwoalUj Bill, "the crimson thread of kinship, etc., bedizened into an hypnotic maze, whilst the nbovenoted poor witches nf tmimmon are stirring their death-beget ting cauldrons unchallenged.— Yours, etc., J. MACLEAN. Kovemocr i. 