Political Points. It is not generally known, but it is nevertheless a fact, that Brace Smith is the managing partner of the great colonial shipping firm of W. Howard Smith and Sons. So it would he im possible to find any Freetrader in Aus tralia bettor qualified to know the re lative valnos of Freetrade and Protec tion to the colonies, or to find reasons for his adherence to the belief in Free trade, which he consistently professes.. Brace Smith told as on Saturday night ? he and other Freetraders who sought '? Federation had by no means abandoned - Freetrade ; they had simply put it in ; reserve until after they got Federation.. A Freetrader of Freetraders, with the.' commerce of the country as the source of his fortune ; this is the sort of man tbe Anti- Federalists/ accuse of ' trying to eneak in Protection.' One of the two misguided obstruc tionists at Brace Smith's meeting played into the speaker's hand, though he did not intend it, by interjecting, when the speaker compared Beid and Gladstone: — ' There's no analogy.' Brace Smith : ' Yon are right ; there is no analogy ; the one man was a statesman, the other' is a politician of purely provincial char tor. The other one of the interruptors at '? Bruce Smith's meeting : ' How long is this ago ?' A voice in front : ?? 8hnt ? up you fool : it was when you were iu- gaol,' : , Mr. Brace Smith characterised the reports of the 'Sydney Morning Herald' daring the Federal campaign as ' of the most noticeable fairness.' Let it never be Baid of Batharst that it voted two to one in favor of the Federal Bill one month and reversed it the next. Let us remember that lUtlinrst has never received the fail meajure of praise that it deserves for its action towards Federation. Let us recall what the Bathurst Federal Oonvention did. It aroused the interest in the movement, and forced the Government to take the question up. It was undoubtedly the prime factor in bringing Federation to the present prac tical stage, and it cannot desert the glorious movement now. What though ' The Wriggler' jour nal wobbles and tarns, the men of Bath atBt will remain true to tbemselveB and true to Federation: they will never brand themselves as a constituency of ' YeB NoeB.' in diagonal suit, stutters in nis walk. Known by his wobbling gait and vacant anti-Federal look. Anyone |returning him to ' The Wriggler' office, or to the Liberal Federal League (where he can be properly looked after until Wednes day), will receive a fervent vote of thanks.— Advt. Interjector at Mr. Bruce Smith's meet ing (referring to Eeid) :— ' You don't like him.' Brace Smith :— ' No, I never did like him ; I saw through that gentleman ten years ago.' At Brnoe Smith's meeting. A voice : —'What about the M'Sharry case ?' . Bruce Smith: — 'I will just tell you. something about the M'Sharry case After all the abuse and vilification I have received over the M'Sharry case, the Crown Solicitor came to me last week and asked me to carry the case on farther. JBnt I told him to take the case else-; Where.' Then the vulgar crowd of 'Conservatives' (see the 'Delirious Telegraph') laughed until it had to hold its Bides, and the pure-minded patriot who evolved the brilliant interjection was 'crushed again.' 'Twas ever thus. Oar Blayney correspondent in another column points out the hardships electoral officials will have to undergo in West Macquarie Electorate and wonld like the Public Service Board to undergo the ex periencb. Bless his heart, that board does not want any experience in the work of the men they cut down. Under the Reid demand for a decent financial statement their work was cut out for them. Theirs not to reason why, Theirs not to make reply, Theirs to retrenok or — give up the billot. An inquiring eleotor : — 'However did they come to pat a cove like Syd. Smith into the Ministry ?' Another elector : 'Why, didn't you hear ? It was old Harry Parkes. He made Syd. a Minister and when they asked him what he did it for he said : — 'Well, you know, I have always found it an advantage to have somebody in the Ministry who will fetch and carry.' The Abtooatb cannnot help express, ing its indignation at .the Batharst Branoh of the N.S.W. Federal Asso ciation for its base ingratitude. They got Brnoe Smith here to deliver an address, and their opponents immediately put into effect the noble resolve to offer a boys' and girls' entertainment so that the children should not go to the political meeting and be 8 nuisance. And poor Alf. Rigby and others stood shivering on that balcony for a couple of hours, nobly sacrificing themselves on the altar of devotion, burning red lights and ex hibiting things with a seven and six penny IUBglU lauiern uu a buubu tjueau, to show how badly it was possible for people to write. In this way also it was a great educational effort, for the at. tempts at writing were such a 'frightful example' (quite as bad as could bs done by the Minister for Education), as would warn every child to go to school. . And yet these Federal hgrates — what did they do? Why, simply laughed at Alf. and Syd. and the other kind souls, and didn't care a scrap if they all got Violent attacks of influenza, and never seemed to think of offering a word of thanks. And the children were so much amused, too. Anyone can see the same long, gaunt, and politically grimy band wobbling all through these effusions — and this is the political Pharisee that says, 'I am not as other men are,' and talks about underground engineering. 'Yes — No' Reid threw down the ganntlet and made the battle cry '' Me or Barton,' but his party and the ' Yes —No' organs are now trying to bring in any other possible issue but the Federal one ; ifor instance .: — Syd.'s very own ' Yes— No ' organ prints an effusion of Mr. Johnaynes to try and divert the issue. John says ' the people of Bath orsl are cute.' Quite right — too oute to be drawn from the Federal issue before us by Johnaynes, who stamped the ?country against Federation at the Con vention election time, and against the measure at the referendum. Of course John don't want Federation — it means the disappearance of his own political bread and batter. Syd's Smith's very own 'Yes-No' organ says : 'Mr. Smith does nit de pend upon any underground engineering for success.' Well, we want to know what it calls that great local industry that flourishes so exceedingly in its office at olootion time. 'We refor to the manufacture of '{cor-1 respondents,' viz.v 'Elector,' ' An Elector,'' 'Catholic,' and such like. ipJut thio manufacturing ganjQ is too thin. It's as tbin an the poor hungry ghos who manipulates. Everybody knows these 'correspond- ents ' are not creatures of flesh and blood, bat are ' men of air ' ; ghosts, in fact, and that organ is their shroud — the only tangible and existing thing about them. 