Panic Burden's Post Office. Everyone under 18 ls Invited to write letter 'here. The best will be published, and, perhaps, win a prize, and even the worst will be read with interest. Writers may choose any member of the Court they please to write to, but must always address their, letters, as of old, to Dame Durden. For instance, the boy who knows a good story about animals, or has anything to tell about his pets, will write to Prince Hal; the girl who makes the nicest toffee In the world will send the recipe to Mistress Homely. Princess Spin- away will enjoy, getting stories, the Court Jester will jump at a good joke, and Captain Cook will always be glad to hear of new discoveries of any kind. You may make a special favorite among the Court-Queen Youngheart, for example. In that case, you can al- ways write to her, but do not forget that every com- munication concerning this page must be addressed to "Dame Durden, 'Town and Country Journal,' Mar- ket-street, Sydney," and whatever you send write only on one side of the paper, and put your name, age, and address clearly. If you prefer to have oniy initials or pen-name printed, say so in your note. Carefully read the rules. Mount Anderson, Toodyay, "Westralia, May 31. Dear Dame Durden,-I have been wondering all the week where I should get enough news to write again, so at last I have come to the conclusion that I had bet- ter tell you a little about everything, and not keep to the one subject. We have had such a lovely lot of rain lately, so that all the grass and flowers are coming up. Before that we had been without rain for a long time, and all the stock were dying, and water was very scarce everywhere. Most of the people in town anti- cipated a good season, and used their water for their flowers; but when the rain held off so long they had to buy; and one man was carting ten miles for his sheep. We were the only people in the district who had a good show of flowers, and the chrysanthemums were lovely; mother has such a number of different va- rieties ; and with a lot of water they grow so well here. I went to a musical entertainment given by the Payne Family, about two weeks ago, and enjoyed it in mensely. I think it is wonderful how they play with the handbells. It must be hard for them to keep such good time. Gold has been discovered lately about twenty-five miles from Newcastle, at a place called Blackboy Hill, but the name seems inappropriate, as I heard there was not even the ghost of a black boy any where near. When the Government Geologist went out he made an unfavorable report of the field, but never- theless a number of miners have gone, seeking for fresh fields and pastures new, I suppose. The two best mines are King Solomons and Toodyay Wonder. If the former is a good as that in R. Haggard's book, lt will be a rich one; will it not? I dare say you read about the riot at Kalgoorlie, when the Premier visited it. There was great indignation all over the colony at the way he had been treated, for the miners seemed to have given him a good hustling. There had been a row with the alluvial diggers before this, and it was thought they had been the cause of the rioting; but it happens that they were not; and most people believe that it was due to pickpockets, who wished to reap a good harvest. I will say good-bye now, so please give my love to the Court, and accept the same yourself, dear Dame,-From your loving contributor, Murief Clarkson (15 years.) , (Professor Wideawake, who delights in being, "impro ving:" That line should be "Fresh woods and pastures new." It is one of the most frequently misquoted quotations in the language.) I Gregra, via Molong. I To Washington. Dear Slr,-The last time I wrote tc you I promised that I should write to you again; that was a very lóng time ago, but I now take up my pen to do so. It's a good many months ago since I wrote to Dame Durden, and I suppose the Court of Enter tainers have forgotten me hy this time. I kept put ting it off, partly because I was too lazy, and I had nothing of much consequence to write about. Tell Sambo Napoleon, Sir Henry Parkes Smith, that I waa very pleased to see lils photograph in the Christmas number, and that he does seem a "special kind of brackie." Well, I am going to tell you about a show I went to; and, perhaps, out of the vast numbers of the Corner, lt might at least interest a few. I went to the Cudal show, but it was a very miserable affair. Tho j day was very hot, and the showground dusty, and I nothing any good to see. I was very glad to go in the evening. Then the gentlemen who drove us over to the show and ray sister and I went down to the place where we had left the buggy, had tea, and went to the bazaar, and stayed there till 10 o'clock. We did not wait for the dance, and so we had a ten-mile drive home in tho moonlight, arriving home at nearly 1 o'clock. Now, for the Orange show. On the morning I went down to Orange, I was in great haste, because I was afraid of missing the train, which was to be due at the station some tljiïe between 9 and half-past 0 o'clock, and succeeded 'in being over aa hour too early, the train came in at nearly 10 o'clock. There were six more people beside me got on at Gregra. There were a good many from Manildra on, whom I knew. The Molong Station was crowded, and so were Amaroo and Boranore. When we got to the Orange show ground lt was about noon, rather hot,, and awfully, dusty, and so crowded we could not get a seat. The grand stand was full. I went into one of the pavilions, and had a look at tho flower stalls, and the ferns, pot plants, grasses, blooms, etc., were lovely. There were a lot of very large pumpkins, melons, fruits, grain, -vegetables, etc. j went into the bushrangers* tent, that is, the one tpa't had the paintings, of the bush rangers in. They were nearly all the scenes and paintings of Morgan, Ned Kelly. Kate' Kelly. Captain Moonlight, the capture of Ned Kelly, the raid In the city of Bathurst, pictures of constables, black-ti'ackers, bushrangers, death of Ben Hall, etc. In another tent there "were trained dogs, circus . men, swinging and climbing on ropes, and a woman twisting herself through hoops and swinging clubs, and a clown daubed over with flour and tar. I had a glance at the animals and birds and poultry. There was a merry go-round with an ugly wooden and painted blackfellow (begging the Sable Minion's pardon) turning the organ. The tent with the trained brown bears, had the most people crowded around; you could not get past. Right from the tent over to the railings of the ring the people were so thick, one was in constant danger of getting your eyes poked out, while your toes were tramped on, your hat knocked sideways, and other serious complaints too numerous to mention; but you've experienced it. Mr. Washington, and know what it is. One time I was just going in the tent, but was de tained outside a quarter of an hour; just then the people were packed one against the other like sar dines, arid one little youngster of 7 of 8 was lost In araonzst the big people, and was hitting, crying,' and malting desperate efforts to get on free ground onoe more. The people. were watching the hears outside drink lemonade on a high table, or stand. Inside the tent the bears were dancing, wrestling, trotting, sit-; ting in chairs, monkeys leaping through hoops, and rid ing on the bears' backs, and running around with a small wheelbarrow. There was-also what they called ah "eduoated pig," performing, and.dressed-up actors. What a rigmarole I've written; one would think I was an excited child of 9 or 10. However, space forbids more, so I'll say farewell. Give my love to the Court. From your old friend and admirer, Amy Louise Gianellle (aged IB). (Prince Hal: Your train system lemmas me now ar temus Ward applied for a journalist's railway !pass. : The clerk in" the ticket offlce replied, "No, we can't, pass you." "I know you can't, I sez, you go so slow you can't pass anything.") Oakleigh. My Dear Queen Youngheart,-I hope you will not think me bold for. writing to you in preference to any of the other members of the ourt. My cousins bet me I would not be game to write to any of the lady ' members, so I write to show them that I am. I have not gor any pets to speak about. I have a kangaroo rat under a box, but I can't call that a pet, because when you go near the thing it tears round in a most - alarming way. My sisters, though, have a meitsley looking kitten they drag all round the house, it's as thin as a wedge, . and they cali it the most extraordinary nome, "Afternoon" is the nearest I can wade to. t shot an owl the other night; and I am trying tb stuff it. They're awfully pretty birds, you know; and they are not very plentiful here. The next bird I stult £ will send down to you ; so I hope it will be an' accept able gift. I do hope you -will publish this letter, as I wish my cousins to see it in nrint. Trusting you will I íovcive my boldness, -I remain yours truly, J Jack Courtney (aged 15). (The Jester: Many thanks; but one stuffed owl at Court ls enough-you see. There's the King-Yes, your Majesty, I was just saying stuffed fowl ls an ex cellent food for brain-workers. Prince Hal (In a whisper): I'll have the owl when lt comes, and If lt doesn't come soon, I'll tell the-King what you really said.) Moore-street, Leichhardt. Dear Dame Durden,-I -wrote to you about two months ago, but I did not win a prize, or get my let ter in the "Town and Country Journal." I was very much disappointed, but my teacher (Miss Leonard) told me the best thing ls to try again. We went down to Five Dock on Friday for a picnic, and I enjoyed my self very much. My mother and sisters and brothers came, too. I am in'upper third class at school, and I am going to be promoted next week to fourth. Hoping you are-in good health, I will now conclude with love from your little friend, v Alice Bishop (aged 10 years). Barnstaple Manor, Five Dock. Dear Dame Durden, I am sorry to say that my last letter was not put In print, and I hope to see this one in the Children's Corner. The little boy, Lawson Rodd, who wrote to you, was very glad to see his letter in your paper. He is my first cousin, and so is little Gowie Rodd. We all live together with our dear old grandfather. My mother died when I was quite a baby, and I do not remember her. My father has just come home from West Australia. He has been away for two years and six months. He came home to go to my aunt's wedding. I was also one of the guests: I once had a pretty polly, but it used to eat our loquats, and grandfather sent it away. We have a dear little pony her name is Jessie. I am iust 10 years old. Now, with love to all, especially the little Black Boy. Your loving little friend, Una Barton. Boggabri. Dear Dame Durden.-I have never written to you be fore, but I hope this will not be the last time. I think I will give you a short account of the town I live in. ns it may interest yourself or some of the Court. Bog gabri is situated on the left bank of the Namoi. It con tains four-stores, three hotels, two fruit shops, three public halls, three saw mills, a public school (which luis about 200 names on the roll, and over which there are three teachers), a printing office, post office, a po lice station, and a railway station. The chief employ ment here, as in nearly all the other parts of New South Wales, is wool-growng. The time for shearing has not yet arrived here. There was a show held In Gunnedah last Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. Gunnedah is about twenty-four miles from hore, and is a larger town than Boggabri. Dear Dame Durden, I am very fond of cooking, and will send Mistress Ho mely some home-made lollte recipes. I will close, now. Dear Dame, with best wishes-from , I Marcella Winters (.u years;. Broken Dam, New South Wales. Dear Dame Durden.-This Is my nrst letter to you. and I hope you will be pleased with lt. It has tieen very dry here until now. It is raining a little to-day. We had to cart our water two miles. We have a dam that has not been dry for seventeen years until now I have not been at school for three months. The schoolmaster that was teaching went away, and I was not sorry, for I had to walk four miles, but I sometimes rode. Broken Dam is a very quiet place. Wo are twenty-two miles from the nearest railway sta tion I go three miles to Sunday school every Sunday. Mv slater was going to church last Sunday, and her hor««e fell with her, but luckily she got off without even a roll in the dust, which was inches deep. I have four silters and five brothers. If you like I will write again. With best wishes, -I remain, your Little friend, Leslie Fons (age ll years). Charters Towers. Pear Dame Durden,-This is the first time I haye written to you. I have no pets to tell you about, only one good old dog. He is so faithful and kind, and his name is Keeper. He is about 10 years old. He is the same age as myself. My father brought him home a little puppie, when I was a baby. We haye had him ever since,; and we are all very fond of him. your loving little mena. Jaclt Haughian. 