LOCAL AND GENERAL. THE regular meeting of the local brnnch of the Federal'Association was held nt the Town Hull on Monday evening last. Alderman Moreshead presided and their was a good attendance of members.. The secretary stated that in accord- ance with the decision of a meeting of representa- tives of various leagues held recently in Sydney, he had written to the council clerks in the various centres of the Canterbury electorate, requesting them to hand thejjletters to prominent federalists, with a view to th'e establishing of branches of the Federal Association and' thus strengthening; the movement. The secretary's action was endorsed. It was resolved on the motion of Mr. Freeman seconded by Mr. 0. Miller ;--" That the following be appointed an executive Committee, Messrs. Moroshead, Cole, Sutton, Lofts, Miller and the secretary.": It was resolved¡ on the motion of Mr. Cole seconded:by Mr. Lofts-" That the secretary write to the proprietors of-.tho "Sydney Morning Herald" and tho " Liverpool Herald" thanking,, them for tho "valuable aid-they- had rendered, by their advocacy of the cause of Federation." The chairman complimented the association upon the" success achieved locally'at the recent polling on the Commonwealth Bill, also upon the fact that they had defrayed the expenses incurred'in connection ' with the Federal move- ment without asking for assistance from'the Central'Association. It was unanimously decided to invite Mr. Barton to deliver an address locally at an early, date. THIS Mascotte Minstrel and Variety Company gave an excellent performance before a crowded audience at the Town Hall on Saturday evening ln9t. The company viii give another performance this (Snturday) evening. BAIN fell at intervals during tho early part of the week. THE local'jTennis Club will hold their annual dance nt the Town Hall on Friday evening next. The affair promises to bo a great succoss. CARDINAL Moran's friends and confidents, both Billites and anti-Bvllites; made every effort to dis- cover how His Eminence would vote. But they never got'bim off his guaid. Now, however, that the referendum is over it is understood ho voted for the Bill. He issnid to have remarked : "A bird in hand is worth two in the bush." By the way, the leaders of the other religious denomina- tions, including the Salvation Anny, were mostly in favor of the Bill. THE Into Sir Henry Parkes was quite correct when he expressed his doubts as to the bona fides of Mr. Lioid in the cause of Australian unity. At Milton, the other day, tho latter jubilantly re remarked " I am tho old George H. Heid again." How significant. THE Premier now cheerfully recognises that there is not the ghost of a chance of a conference -this side of the general elections at any rate. But, ah I Is he disappointed ? Certainly not. Wood's Great Peppermint Cure Coughs for and Golda never, fails, 1/6 and 2/6. Tins Premier has succeeded in making himself so unpopular in the other colonies by his equivocal conduct that all his personal ambitions are in jeopardy under Federation. THE Campbelltown and Liverpool Tennis Clubs meet on the court of the former to-day (Saturday). A Rood game should result. THE famous American phyaican, Dr. J Mount Bleyer, is busily engaged upon the work of per- fecting his new discovery, which he thoroughly believes will master the fell disease of consump- tion. Though not yet so far advanced as to warrant tho acclamation of success, his experi- ments so far have proved most satisfactory. Dr. Mount Bleyer has seized upon tho well-known principle of the purifying agency of electricity. Hè establishes ozone, by instituting an olectric current, and tho ozone revives the impaired blood of the patient's system. His method of adminis- tration is simple, consisting o,f the use of pads on the sufferer's chest directly over tho defec- tive organ. Another pad is placed at the corres- ponding point on the patient's back. An electric current at-high voltage is sent directly through the body for 20 minutes or half an hour. Under this treatment the decayed tissue of the lung is gradually destroyed and oasily got rid of by expectoration. AT the Licensing Court held nt the Court House on Thursday, before tho P.M. and Mr. Mayne, J.P., several renewals of publicans' licenses and a wine license were granted, as also was a transfer of the license of the Royal Hotel from G. Yates to 0. Bishop. SERVICES, in connection with tho Wesleyan Ohurch, will be held to-morrow (Sunday), as follows :-Li vorpool, lla.m., Rev. J. Hopkins; 7 p.m., Supply («f.B), Ingleburn, ll a.m. and 7 p.m., Mr. Meldrum. A NU M BIS it of cases of influenza aro reported ia town and district. Ï RAGES, promoted by Mr. J. H. Stanfield, of tho I Cricketer's Arms Hotel, Smithfield, will tnko pince at Smithfield this (Saturday) afternoon. Numerous ontrics have boon roceivod for tho various ovonts and good sport is nnticipatod. A p jo EON -M ATO tr, promoted by Host Lea, of tho OrosH Roads Hotel, will oventuate shortly. WE understand that His Emloynco Cardinal Moran will visit Liverpool to-dny (Saturday) and open a bazaar in aid of St. Anne's Orphanage at 2*30 p.m. Your Grocer keeps Wood's Groat Pepper- mint Cure for Coughs aud Colds, 1/6 aud 2/0. 