CURRENT LITEJLYTUIIE. ''He-low ::iu! oil Top' N the title of a volume of stories and fUett-lu-* by the author of ' liiiyines from the Mines'- Kd ward Dyson. There can be no doubt that .Nfr. Dyson lias a familial1 knowledge of life .,n till' yoldlields of Australia. He hay been brought up on one, and lie carries into manhood, memories and recollections ?-f incidents which would come under a boy's observation, and the interpretation oi' which lie now es-ays to give;. A keen observer, he is aNo an accurate narrator oi what he has *een. and he ha-; i lie poetic faculty of giving a glamour to his i\,ht.\ lives Ilis lir.-t piece -1io\\\n that he v.antt ? ustaineel power. It i* disappoint ing. lie pictures to us a miner's wife who lias lost her husband in a mine. He and olliers are entombed in il. The mine has since been shut deiwn. iincl a cover of (hick slabs laid across the top of the shaft. Agnes Brett has gone out cf her wind al tliolus.- of her husband. (Jrief has whitened her hair. i- nd reduced her iigure till sbe appears like a ghost haunting the mine, and mourning for her husband. Nlie aroiii-es the. tender -yinpnthics of Dick lladclon. a little lad with liiir.iiui fc'c-liuirs to lie stnuifrely le. itched by her unhappy position. He I earns her history from an old miner, and watches her a* she Ilits about the entrance t-i the mine at night. At hist lie gels a notion that lie may give her sonic consola tion. He finds one of the chilis Incite, and that he can get on to the top of the ladder in the' shaft, lie slips in at dusk, and from below ivphu c» 1 he cover. When the nioiirnei ? ?mnes to call her husband IVickic answers I.er, soot he's her. e-veii kisses her. She g.ics liome contented, and come* to her riirbt mind. Uer-olleeliciii of her maiiiaeiil state she has none. She dyes her white hair. ;-nel des clops into a bu.Noin. romping coun try pirl as she was when married. Then ihe stoiy takes quHo. a new tuvn. She scolds Dickie for alluding to her former : tale, and when he forbids her marriage nt e-haucl he is promptly bundled outside. Then Dickie dix-over* a ghost in tlie do serted mine, vho turns nut to be a gold thtef. The strain which pervades and give* Mich a charm to the opening chapters is completely changed, and the narrative be comes vulgar and coinmonplae-o. The shorter Fketches nre much bettor. Jhey have the merit of being more homoge-n- vni=. Semie of them are fan-icnl. t\nd of the f-haraeler of lampooiiR. Sueli i- ' A Sab bath Morn at Waddy.' dwriplivp of n e|-ianv1 be! ween Weslpyau clsifcs-Iwiders at a little -bush eliapel. It is easy for n young man In thn pride of intellect and strength tn bring relisrlon into eonteni|it hv ridicul ing tbe ponduet of Jt» professors, bill as he ?.-rows older Mr. Dyson may discover that (he feelinc which makes for religion is deeply planted in human nntnie. and is rot a subject for caricature. As il1uc-ra- ti'in« of 'Australian life and manners, thought and feelings, -he sketches -Have ♦?? Be'ow and On Top.' By E«4*aH Ryw-n. ' fi(i--*ner, Brisbane, lie. : Geortre.RoberlraniiirlPsmpan^ Rock hampton : Cowie and Co»-lanrt. IKP9. considerable literary value. They arc cleverly written, original, and so far as wo can judge drawn from nature. 