CASTING OFF DISGUISE. Ikcluded in recent cable messages is one which slates th a t the Hmds s&ye; a t a foil meeting' of the Transvaal V olkeraad P resid en t K ruqeh gavej expression to stro n g Opinions against th e B ritish suzerainty, and the G overnm ent wee authorised by th e H on so take advantage of any, B ritish com plication elsewhere. To' those who have w atched tbe tren d of Boer opinion .thia report will n ot come as a m atter to r surprise, for while p tio r to th is th ere h ad been no overt dem onstration hostile to th e sufc«- raiuty agreed to, a t Gonvuntion of F eb ru ary 3814. i t b ra been apparent th a t there was a strong desire to throw off even the slight shackles w hich bound them . In tho official P ress of th e South A frican R epublic there have been m any demand*, tmd tuore particularly hinco th e ill-fated J ameson raid, for th e G overnm ent to refuse id be any longer bound by th e term s of the London Convention. A t laat, how ­ ever, strong in th e plenitude of his power, fancying th a t after a decisive m ajority he obtained in the election for the Presidency over H err B croeb, ho was safe in his .position, and could defy G r*at B ritain, ho has throw off. hie disguise, and he now stands i e colors, qb the fop of G reat B ritain. H aving a subservient Volks' read, who blindly follow the tpse dixit of a conceited hypocrite, th ere w as no difficulty in securing the passing of a resolution which should give to tho wily KrL’GBI the power he w ants. I t can well be imagined that patriotic end sonl-stirriog speeches were delivered on th e greatness of h e South A frican Republic, and roud references m ade to the friendhip of so g reat and powerful a country as G erm any ; no donbb many disparaging references were made to G reat B ritain, and th en th ere w ould be a burst of enthusiasm as th e resolution was p a t and adopted. B qI even w ith all th e ir outw ard show of bravery — it is in reality b ut pure braggadocio—there is evidently a feeling of tim idity for th ey do not propose to throw off their nominal allegiance boldly. Oh no, th a t would n o t be in keeping w ith the characteristics of Boer political life—th ey intend to aw ait a chance when B ritain is involved in any complication, and then, like a little terrier barking a t th e heels of a lion, do th eir best to harasB and annoy. I t is ju st as Well th a t th ey have throw n off th eir cloAk of cunning and deception, and th e H igh C om m issioner of South A frica has been, o r shonld be, placed on his guard, fo r it. is m anifest to all w here the a tta c k will be made, nam ely, in the country under B ritish rule in p roxim ity to the T rans­ vaal. T he B oers have been g u ilty of Finch practices before, and nnder th eir new ly-fanned enthusiasm tboy will n ot hesitate to supply arniR, am ­ m unition, and stores to any of the native triboB w hom the emissaries of P resident EJtutER may successfully incite to revolt. The head of th e South A frican R epublic is gradually disclosing his tru e character— be is never genuine or sincere, his pro ­ mises are fall of subterfuge, shuffling, and d u p lic ity ; b u t he is steadily advancing to th e b rin k of a precipice, over which he will fall if he is not wiso enough to boat a hasty retreat, and if the Boors themBelvea in th e m ost unm istakable m anner do n ot prove to the w orld, and to G reat B ritain in particular, th a t they have not p a rt o r parcol in tho treacherous proceedings of tb e ir l e a d e r s i f they will not disown th e coarse taken, then they m ay on tho least sign of their disloyalty to th e term s of (bo London T reaty, find th at their independence has ceased, and th a t henceforth they will belong to the B ritish D om inion; th e ir win^s will be clipped, and all th eir ideal love of liberty will have flown away. A kingdom w bicb is bnilt upon foundations so unstab le as th a t of the Transvaal cannot last for long ; when a country is governed by co rru p t and unw orthy m en its d tta y is b u t a question of a few sh o rt years. Weabf AiABoana Union.—As an outline of Ben Tillott'e visit to Hobart the wharf laborers have been successful in reforming their Union, which has been defunct for some considerable time. A preliminary meeting was held a week ago, and adjourned until last evening, when about 40 attended and enrolled as members of the organisation. The various officers were appointed, for which there wore keen contests. The^general committee was instructed to draw up rules and regulations for discussion at the next meeting. Judging from the interest taken in the proceedings, there is every possibility of the Union being numerically strong in the near future. I n Qkmupat- Assembly.—Not altogether dull were the proceedings wt-lbe toaefcixige of the FrBsbyteriab General Assembly JrenteltRy, and the laymBneldera were occasionally afforded a little entertain by their colleagnet the The Rev. Mr FergUB trotted m l wlih bOto• eftebt against M r Talbot old bhestndjkaboht the jury who Were lnatiUctedby Curran hot to bake any .notice of the judge who Bb.ook his head, ’'for tb^re Was nothing in it" i but he hulffered during the remainder 4f the kitting, being obliged, to keen his own neck rigid fpr fear of having the jokb meeting the curate's egg, tome parts .tl rich were good, but it failed to A liii tne ghost of a giggle; tbe^ointof this criticism of Mr iTon'oa' speech not getting home ii tune. On the whole the debates wen courteously conducted, although the read' acceptance by one minister ft? another*! personal word (in the absence of documentary proof)—“ b^tiuse be knew just how far that genllemau’c word could be taken" —sounded a little sandpapery. Still, de1 spite exchanges of aharp retort one can believe the hearts of all are in the right place. All, th a t is, with thi ceptioa of the Rev. A. Mew.___ upon In* own hssukacbe. That gfnlbleixttE a t the night public, meeting told- of the care he had ,taken of a j£lOO cheque, the gift,of w ,F flton to the New. Hebrides Mission. “ I was very anxious not to lose it," said he, “ but I kept it as near my heart m possible," indicating tb s regjen. ping In the aatoe jjla'c^. Not the first time that, 6. he^rj boa got out of place through hue attraction of a cheque. Nearly all day trab occupied in discussing the eligibility of the Rev. F. Barclay to be accepted to the full status of a minister of the Presbyterian Chiiroh. Had Mr Barclay been in attendance to listen he would probabb hava gone away puzzled as to whether h\ was a harmless ignoramus, & wolf >1 sheep's clothing, try big to get into the Presbyterian told by sdtae negle’&ted; hack aoot, Ut a shiniog light Of, suon brillitncy Of mental; moral, ana spiritual attainments that no congregation would be able to grteon him without bliokiog. Nine of the liiembere were of opinion he ought to be at ouce accepted, aud ten thought two years’ more probation would find him ripe for the ministry. S w ift and LtymeBTON for Men’s 6nits a t Cotfc Pritft, for 14 days ocly. 41 MUrray street. A Gin A W iiiv.—A gin and a whip “ cCupte of articles (^qf ^personal, property which 1Very „ fsmifear . _ to ________ nautical folk!. To-day Imth.of these nautical appanages appeared in the CiVil Sittings. The' gin was A|V«ry fair average gin, and Messrs Hud dart Parker aud Co., to whom it belongs, can testify that it is a very valuable and faithtuf gin. According to tbe relation of a Mr Biin, thfc whip was not as b u s as tfee^lh. I t broke aud allowed him to orop involautarily into the hold of the Tambo. The jury looked at the whip, so did tbe judge aud tbe clerk of tbe cottrfr. and they could evidently t£e ho 'difference between it and .aby other whip. Some of thewitafthftB were very technical over the whip, because it very nearly whipped a man on to the skin of a steamboat, and when it was not doing this whipped coal out of » vessel's hold at.9d a ton. One of the DftmaiTehgagrd ou the cae© held that the whip was a new ohe. o obb said it was not, and llie legal gentleman seamed quit© Ftoased that ho ohe attempted to dispute hik nautical knowledge.; , ,. Cabcadx Oosbults and Asbatso17ateas caunpt be,beaten...................... N irrnnzn th x Bud.—"Personal explanatioBs" bade fare to monopolise a good deal of valuable time at tbe meeting of the Presbyterian Assembly this morning, the Her, M r Craig being aggrieved by sine of omission on the part of a contemporary. This led to the irregular reopening of a thrashed out question, and to a variety of other personal explanations, which, as the Rev. H. Jones said, might have been prolonged ad tryfmVum but for a timely suggestion by Mr D. Storrer, "T hat the Assembly proceed to tbe next haBineBS,’’ which was adopted, to the evident relief of the non-talking members of the Congroas. St. Patrick's Day.—-The l?th of March h*s for ages been held .sacred afe thi festival of Bt. Patrick, Ireland’s n&tional; saint. In all parts of the world, wherever two or more natives of Erm’a Isle may gather together, there will be great joiciags. In every church and religii institution connected with the Catholic Church there arise psaans of praise. The glory of the festival, so far as Hobart is concerned, has greatly degenerated of late years, and instead of there being sports gatherings there is nothing bat a social or a concert. Nevertheless, the day is kept up with great heartiness and enjoyment. This evening there will be a concert ‘ Town Hall, for which an attractive programme has been prepared, and do doubt there will be little room left for latecomers. Swift and LittNOstone for Drapery and Clothing at actual Cost Price, for 14 days only, at 41 Murray street. B in Food.—From what we can learn there is a great deal of food sold in city in the shape of tinned fish which____ fit for human consumption. The Health Officer might employ Ms time worse than by making an Inspection of some ot these (fcined products, which wonld give plenty or material for hacteioiigfcal experiments of an interesting character. Cascade Lagrk, light and refreshing, n ce tabiebeer. Sufbamk Court.—Through an inadvertence the decision of the jury in the case of John Thompson, who was tried attbe Second Coart of the Criminal Sittings was omitted. He was found guilty and sent to gaol for one month. Oa the application of Mr Allwright, Henry Brennan, in whose case the jury had failed to agree, admitted to bail, himself .in £50 end oae surety of a like amount. ' Cascade Raspberry and Boda, licious drink. W ords to Young Maw.—The rate of ir progress in these daye is simply tremendous. The forces which Nature is placing at our service, and the power to handle them with which advancing Intellectual culture endows us, make the vast creation our vassal. We analyse the sui gh the stars, we yoke the lightoL ing, we outstrip the day. Were the great problem of modern srieoce solved, could we yoke the oae physical force, whatever its nature and name, which -transmits ___ messages, to our carriages and our candle^ sticks, could we make • it on cheap terms draw out trains and illuminate our night, it would complete the greatest revolution ver accomplished in tbe history of our world. We are living through the revolution i our children may see it crowned It he discoveries and inventions of the next generation are at all commensurate in their rate of development with that of the last ew years, the world will be a glorious orld to live in. or a terrible j and you sM irinBrown1 haV° ^ wttle wbicb.— B w tft and Livinostsn for Men’s Coate and Teste a t Cost Price, U days only 41 Murray Street. ' O rlM -iih Twpke.no> M irrrea —To- *l th6 conl' r °f B.thnrat •■J Elizibeth Btrwle, a t op«n.»ir tsmmr- »ncw meeting wUl be held nnder tbe enanioei .of tbe Tsemtnien TemDemno# Ali/enoe. Ih e ifu.ee E. end “ T n S —ill eing dnete, the S.lvetion Army B an/ No. 2 Corp., will pie, selections. The eeting will begin a t a quarter to 6. 