A--GRuEAT'7WRUONG'; OIl, THE . AMYSTERY' OF" LACTi d O?OLLOW GfAKGE. a O$HAPTEBR XXII.-(CosmEn.) v Threading a dark street, with tile damc I wind in his teeth; and his heart torn with bitter memories, a woman's cry for help f ??artled him. He dashed forward, following the di rection of the sound, and a few blocks off 'in the shadow of a projecting roof, he caught sight of a woman struggling in the hands of astramp. " You villain!" thundered Sir Harry, making a dive at his throat, but the tramp eluded his grasp and fled, leaving his victim panting and faint with terror. She was a tall, slim woman, in a flowing mantle of black. "I hope, madam, that I was in time to save you from injury ?" The woman turned her white, affrighted face toward him, and put forth a slender hand. 'I. thank you sir," she began, but his cry of amazement cut her short. "·Merciful heavens!" he gasped, catch ing at her arm, "ant l in a dream, or do the dead come back T' " Sir Harry.Treasham ' . i.. ,: H.s namebroke from herlipsa ina tone S" of startled regret, and wrenching her arm from his hold she was hurrying away. But ere she had retreated ten paces he I caught her again and held her fast. She turned on him, lier blue eyes blazing. • "Sir Harry Tresham, how dare you ? Unhand me this instant." He only held her all the more securely. " Miss Trevethon I It is you, and alive 1 Thank Heaven 1" Ilis voice beoke almost into sobs, so great .as his enotion. Lenore stood passive, a smile lighting her pale face. ".Yes, S.r Harry. 1 sce there is no hope of running away from you," site answered. "But what de.rs it meani" he de manded; "for Ileaven's sa:ke, epeak. Miss Trevethon, only yesterday I aro you buried, and to-night I meet you here." Her blue eyes flashed with a sort of grim amusement. " Can you not guess, Sir Harry? I arh not a ghost, hence you did not see me buried yesterday." He caught her hand and kissed it in his rapturous delight. "You are alive I there is some mistake. Oh, Mica Trevethon, thiL is the happiest day of my life." She laid her slim soft hand on his arm, loolking up at him with her grave, plead ing eres. "Yes, there is a mistke--a great secret, Sir Ilarry which -you have found out, and I am sorry. I meant to keep the truth all to mlyself, but since we have met, you will keep, of course, the secret at my asking 1" "Assuredly. I think there is nothing you, could ask of me that 1 would deny, Miss Treve*hon. Dut, I beg your par pardon, I do not quite understand." " Let us walk on together, and I will explain. I am stpping not far off, and Irleg solUewlhat of a stranger in London, 1 lost my way in the fog this evening, which accounts for my being out so late. Sir Harry, I am very grateful to you." lie shook from head to foot with ex citemeut and emotion as lie gave her his " For what, .Miss Trevethon ? Because yoii hane made nle tlhe happiest sman iu yeull d?.t, and burie- under the dreary mlarbles at Lyirdith Hlall, and to me life was u.,t wort t the living. Now, I look upnu yl.ur living face, and -' The little trembling hand left his arm, the sad eyes filled with tears. " Sir Harry. pray do not speak in that way," she implored. " If you do I must run away from you this minute, and I am so miserable, so utterly alone, so sorely as need of a friend. Help me and keep my secret." The rapturous glow faded from his eyes, for something in the look of hers told him that the hope he cherished was a vain one. He answered her like the man he was. " You shall have no need to rnn away from me, Miss -Trevethon. And now tell me what your sdcret is." " You have surely guessed. I live, end I am not Richard Trevethon's wife." "Miss Trevethon I Then there must have been vile falsehood and treachery. Can Sir Geoffrey have perpetrated this great duplicity in order to secure and hild your fortune ?" She bowed in assent " And you have suffered the world to believe it I Miss Trevethon, I cannot understand." "Neo matter ; you understand enough. I wish the world to believe it" He turned upon her in dire amaze. " T.un wish the world to believe it; you intend to let this shameful plot suc ceed. is that what you mean, Miss Trevethon '" "Precisely that, Sir Harry." " And you will let Sir Geoffrey Trove then lie to the world, and cheat it with a mock funeral, in order to hold your: wealth ? You are willing to give up your name and your birthright, Miss Treve-: thn '?" " Yes, I intend to do all that." Her voice was steady, and the hand onY his arm lay quiet and pulseless. Thei yoong man looked at herin sheer amaze-. ment. "Mies Trevethon, what can you mein." " Just this, Sir:Harry."I codildnot obey my father's last command and wishi 'and . marry Richmond Trevethon, and: thlreby secure~to him the fortune which, houlold be his; and since they have' plinned and plotted this immense fraud,: I have no wish to expose it. Iinean that they shall have it all their own way. They and the world believe me dead, and to them dead henceforth I will re main; then the fortune will be theirs,: and in-part, at least, my father's wish will be observed." i"Give up your name, 1Miss Trevethon \--your fortune, everything I By Heaven, it shall not be I Before this time to morrow all London shall ring with the stoiy, and Sir Geoffrey Trevethon shall be dealt with nccordling.to his deserts."' " arv, Sir Harry; the secret is mine, and at my ;isking you will surely keep it? Oh, pray, do not deny me tile sole kind Sness have evera- ked of y.u! Help me in this myhour of lsore trial. Keep my | ecret, Sir Harry. and be ily friend." "Alwawy your friend, MIis Trevethon," She alnswred,, utterly unlmlanned by. her untreat;lig manner, " but this gross fraud .:,,i ininsi;-e should be e=ansed." S-IC not demre tt. For my satLe, Sit Harry you will be silent "- - "For your saker-.-Miss Trevetions, 1 would wvillinglydo even more than tshat. But is the world toloso you utterly ?" - "The world dan well d i wtho?t mer S h?o ana?,-wrvu, wiln a inournioul asille; it will scarcely misn me. I shall leave tngland in a fsw days, novekto Tethian. Ho caught her hand and held it close, his eyes burning down upon her. "lHiss Trevethon, it shall be as you say; I will keep your secret. You shall dio to the world if you will,, but live for me. When you leave England, let it be as my dear wife. I asked you once he- d fore, and you denied me. I ask you again. Have pity on a love, Lenore, which never swerves, never forgets, whether yo' live or die. Give up vour heritage; I have another for you. Re-. linquish your name and take mine. YWe will leave England together, and in some F far land, with every wish of your heart fulfilled, you shall learn to lore me Lenore, you must love me when once you are my wife. Have no fears, hesitate no longer, but lay your dear hand in mine and say it shall be so." She looked at him with briming eyes. " From my yery soul, I wish I could, Sir Harry." "'You can, Lenore." " Nay, forgive me, I cannot." '" And why I" A'sudden crimson stained her white face; her head drooped, her clear eyes fell. "MBiss Trevethon, I am answered,' said the young man, gravely. "Yoa love another." She was silent, burning blushes still mantling her cheeks. He walked beside I her, silent also, until they reached the t Boor of the lodging-house. "Miss Trevethon," he said then. "you 1 kill at least permit me to be your friend. Indeed. I think you asked that much of I me. Now tell me what I can'do? If r you cannot love me, surely you will allow. me to do some little kindness for you '* "Yes ; you shall keep my secret.' "Is there nothing else 1?" She hesitated, and said with some con- I lusion: "There is but one thing. Come in t 'nd I will tell yoti." He followed her into the plain little sitting.room she occupied. "You will think me very childish, very silly, no doubt," she began the moment they were seated, " but I cannot help it. I should have been oiut of E gla:,d lone ago but for this feeling ao fancy. or whatever it is that possesses me. Sir Harry, you remember our summer trip to the Highlands ?" "I do. assuredly." " Well, while there, the day that you and Sir Geoffrey were deer-stalking,1 ran off and sort to the Black IHollow Grange.' " I'o the Haunted Manor?" "To the Haunted Manor. I had a mind to ask you to go with me, and I r wish I had done so. I went alone, en- 1 tered the old house alone, and there, Sir Harry, I saw the ghost. Don't laugh at me, pray. and don't say that I was mis taken. 1 saw it just as plain as I see you this minute." "And what manner of thing was it, Hiss Trevethon 7" "An old man. I snaw his face clearly; a fine, pale face, with a long white beard, just like the Trevethon portraits at Lyn dith Hall--" " Did you speak to it i" "'o ; I'm ashamed to tell you what I did. I got frightened and fainted, and afterward ran away, and I have so bit terly regretted it." "lMy dear liissTrevethon, why? You surely do not believe in the popular legend that peoples the old house with ghosts? The old man you saw was a rambler of some sort." She shook her head with sad, sober eyes. " Nay, I think not, the face was a pnoulit..wne.. You've heard the old ?story;nir SeiMrj n ytidniyt ry'oaf ytor father's fate T' "I have, Miss Trevethon." "Well, all my life long I have felt somehow that the clue was in that old manor; and now, ever since I saw that face, oh, Sir Harry, I cannot rest day or night. It haunts me incessantly, until now I think that it was my poor father's face. and that he hasbeen shut up in that ota nouoe aun mese years. "'My dear Miss Trevethon, that could not be." "The notion haunts me all the same I must know; I must solve the mystery, or 1 shall go mad. I have thought to gc again, I was to go last week, yesterday, to-day, but somehow my resolution always fails me-the old place is so deso late and-" She paused, a painful crimson flooding all-her drooping face. The young n at regarded her curiously. "You would like me to go in your stead, iliss Trevethon, and investigate this mystery?" She looked up with eloquent eyes. " Oh, Sir Harry, if you would." " Ill start in the next train, ind i' there's a mystery in the old house, I' unravel it. And now, as I've a few hur ried preparations to make, I must bidyot good-evening. On my return I shall find you hero?" " You will find me here. Sir Harry how shall I thank you ?" "I'll tell you when I get back. Good bye, Miss Trevethon." Ho pressed her hand, bowed, and was gone. "o Such a noble heart," sighed Lenore as she watched him down the rain' street; "and I, what a miserable, an womanly fool I am." And sinking down upon a sofa she hii her proud face in her hands and wept is shame and bitterness. CHAPTER XXL. THE utwaEr PrAGEOL it will go hard with me if I fail to find some loop-hole'" he had said but search and grope as he might, no loop-hole could be found. - And at last, after tumbling and falling and bruising his hands against the thick aills, he had given over, and sat down in utter despair. The walls were solid, and there was no sign of door or window, the ,,nly egress being the closed trap door far above. How many days and nights had gone by he could not tell-an eternity it seemed. He was growing alarmingly weak from hunger, and a fierce pain, groduced by the dampnes, racked his There was but one hope for him, the hIope of death; and the sooner it came •,nd released him from his agony, the ,etter. And yet it was hard to die thus, in the terv prime of his manhood; to lie there .md'starvroe and rot in the darkness, and he world never know aught of his Ie bowed his burning temples on his -Iup'd-pd Iands. aud a great sob of pain rld doepair shoiok hi. l Se would live, 0 0e only woman he adored, and smtile in \- er ieffable loverliness, andgive her sweet ' re iissus to some happy lover, while he hauld lie ti:ere unlamented, and perhaps S'nrem.bered. The thought was very aitter. His bowed head fell lower, and sob after rsob shook the strongmian untilbetrembled I" Heaven havre mercy on me," he groaned aloud, ' and it 1 am to drink. this bitter cop. let me drain it quickly I" Something like the sound of a human voice answered him--a strange, hollow sound that seemed to issue from the solid floor beneath him. d Ambrose started to his feet, the per spiration breaking out upon him in cold drops, his eyes glaring into the thick, t black gloom. " What was that ?" he demanded. The hollow sound was repeated, and tl after it came a succession of taps. The 1 young man stood and listened, the im- F penetrable darkness all about him. h "What's that l" he again demanded, the tremor of a great horror running through his voice. The rapping grew louder, a rasping I sort. of crash followed, and then some subtle instinct warned Ambrose that he I was no longer alone! Some living creature d was near him. t Never till his dying day did the young man forget the saensations of that moment. t A horror that was unutterable fell upon him, and the very hair on his head seemed to rise. What presence was itthathefelt so near him 7 By a great effort he com uneeded his voice. " In Heaven's name, what are you?" he askead. Asoft step struck the damp floor. "To amr there, are you I" answered a I pleasant voice; "and in utter dartness, too I Why, where's your lantern 7 Pat 1 out by the foul air, though, of course. Whew I what a stench, and dark as I E rebus I One might as well step into 1 grave . You've found the time tedious, no doubt;. and I couldn't get here one mminute sooner." "In Heaven's name, who are you!" I again demanded Ambrose. "Who am I? Well,King Lear, at your service, as I told you once before. I've not forgotten you, Mr. Gerhart; I 1 knew you in an instant. Your face is a very striking one. I saw you when you went down, and I should have stopped you, but I was curious to see what you were after. I didn't think a soul but my-. self knew of that secret passage from the death- room. How come you by your knowledge, and what took you down here '" " No matter now," exclaimed Ambrose. " If you are a human creature like my lelf help me, I beg,to get out.of this hor rible pit." A peal of mirthful laughter filled the vault with weird echoes. "A human creature? Indeed I am. Did you take me fora ghost? I'll wager my head you did now. H,ha, ha, ha A fine joke that. No, young man, I'm not a ghost as vet; I'm good for a dozen years to come, if I don't o?eo my breath before we're out of this: Come, now, give me you hand ; it is time we were moving." The toroch of human fingers thrilled ever nerve in Ambrose Gerhart'sn ody with delight. "Heaven bless you, you are human I" he cried, clasping and holding the hand that had sought his in the darkness, "and you have come to set me free." "Precisely, sir. And you may thank your stars that I happened to see you, for no other man alive, I take it, knows the secret of the underground entrance. Come, now, here we are I Softly, softly, stop by step. We are going down, you see. We shall get a firm footing pre sently. If we only had a light." Ambrose permitted himself to be led on to a sort of aperture in the floor, from which a few steps led downward to some subterranean chamber even darkerand closer than the one they had left. " Here we are," said his companion, as their feet.touched the ground. '"Now tunnSl straght and safe; ut it is very tedious. You'll fancy youraelf nearing the neighborhood of London before you emerge into -the daylight. Once out of this serape I'd advise you to keep out, for you have had a narrow escape. If the question is fair, young man, what did bring you down here 1" " The question is fair enough. I came down in search of the Mystery of the Black Hollow Grange, and I found it, too." King Lear wheeled round and faced him in the narrow way. "What do you moan?" he demanded ; " What have you discovered 1" ". Lead o",' answered Ambrose, feel ing for the yellow roll in his breast. "As soon as we strike daylight you shall know. You forgot that I have been without food or drink for-Heaven only knows Ihow long. In a few min utes more my strength will give out." In silence the two pursued their way through the black, underground tunnel. A violent thunder storm and the sum mer day closing in. Sir Harry Tresham, sitting in his saddle on the lone heath, had his first sight of the Black Hollow Grange. Since his boyhood he had-heard of it and of its mystery, and now for the first time his eyes beheld it. "And that's the Haunted Manori What a ghostly old place I And to think that Miss Trevethon ventured to come , here alone. No wonder she was fright ened. Of course there's nothing under the black turrets worse than bats and rats, but it is rather a forlorn old nest to look at. One wouldn't quite fancy sleep ing there such a night as this, with this confoundbd storm about his ears. I'll defer my investigations till to'morrow, and seek shelter in some adjacent inn. To- morrow I'll make a fresh start, and if there's a ghost on the premises, I'll make his acquaintance. Miss Trevethon'smind shall be set at rest. Softly now, Ratt I ButRattler would not be soothed. The thunder peal that shook the bills, and I immediately succeeding a lurid blaze of Slightning. made him cower and tremble t beneath his rider. In the next breath, I with distended nostrils and flattened ears, b he threw up his head, and darted off at a mad gallop." Rattler, softly now," coaxed Sir HI arry, vainly tugging at the bit. L The horse flew on as if he had gone 7 mad. Across the grounds, through the black hollow, and sheer down the rocky dlescent. Tho wind took Sir Harry's hat and Swhirled it away; the lightning flashed in a his eyes, the thunder deafened him. And Son went the terrified horse, defying rein or curb. SThey made the dangerous descent, and the rider had kept his seat; but just I beyond the moor thererose a rocky ledge. Rattler leaped over it like a whirlwind, and Sir Benry was whirled a!,ver tuatler's head, striking tile hard yearth beyond so violently that he lay ,there o motionless. The horse flew on across thle windy moors,- utterly regard tess of tise fallen rider. "0 . . (To beontisnued.) The product aingle pair ofr osparrows,, if r each puirshould ,blae 2 ynosg in a year nd d all livr-:r?vbuld ih-00 years esumher 275\. 1t. 0S316 bsird. ". The bird hstches 5 ocr. birodsin ua,yeur. aond produce from -1 teoit 3younoiinrs brossd.: -'7 " : :. - 