The L%ht That Oast Mo Shadow; CUUODB stories are told shout the powers oseesaed by certain natives of India, who ire up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted •cotes of years to the study of nature! laws and forces, which the test of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are celled, for the purpose of finding out the «uct of their remarkable performances. They treated him lather ecurvily. bat interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Ssnskrit manuscripts. An adept went with lam to aoave wherein the books were kept. B» plaoe waa dark aa (tie boUofn ut K mil. ^ " I cant see to read, here,** said the viu tor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brigtened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it bad one strange quality—it cast not the alighest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yon who now read it have no reason for doubt except that ail the lights you have seen have cut shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly ran. parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Code Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cum, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine whieh they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from him his experience? Take an example:— In the spring of 1888," write, oar correspondent, ** I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was demnged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and greet depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort Off and on I continued in this way for two yea**, nothing that I took relieving me At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, aud procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested." and gradually all nervousness lelt roe. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having nsed it or seen it used. I now gladly admit its value, and its power orer disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Motlier Seigel'is Curative Kyrrip. I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interest* of suffering humanHv I outfitter. jl^llo&ley; • ic? u.ii. miVBir^^, JHIJIIimrtiaiii jf 1893\. "»»" There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter aud the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter mar be true enough, bet it cannot be verified without mote trouble tlian it is worth. Or the other band we have a trust worth}- witness, who win answer letters of inquire and J can . be I found c * at . his 1 • address. ... * • 1 Finally, there is notlMig mvstic or magicat about Mother SeigeTa Curative Syrup. It acts on the theoty that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion aad dvspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness sad pain had ait such dark and terrifyinjr shadows. And that is why people believed all that is told of success fay eager witnesses. 