SWEDISH WOMEN. ■Le JOUEKAX. DES MODES." " The Latin race," says a celebrated author. " is feminine, etea in its men— and the Anglo-Saxon race is masculine, even in its women." In fact, the men of the Latin race are as nervous, impres sionable, changeable, and bright as women. Their manners, also, are as insinuating as woman's, and they can talk brigbtly even when they have nothing to talk about. ... . But. as a strange contrast to-these peculiarities. the Latin is a materialist, and the Anglo Saxon an idealist. The Latin con siders life as a passage of material pleasures ; the Anglo-Saxon considers it as a school, with duty for schoolmaster. There areyucceptions to theso rulc3, we know bnt these are the rules wbich dis tinguish the characteristics of both races. The Swedes, though not of pure Anglo Saxon race, may be included within its limits, -and some of their customs deserve mention. For instance, when there is a wedding, the bridegroom carries a whip in his baud, as a sign of his authority in the domestic circle. If there he even a whisper of scaudtil against the bride she cannot wear the virginal wreath of orange blossoms. The way a peasant bride is adorned in"Sweden is curious; all her friends lend her jewels, etc., which they hang on her head, nock, arms, hands, bodice, shoes, etc. Then a silver ring is placed in one shoe and this becomes the property of tho boy who is allowed the honor of taking off the bride's, shoes at night before the guests separate, and then a perfect fight takes place between the married guests and those who are'not married, who surrouud the bride to prevent" the bridegroom taking the bride, which; of coarse, be eventually does, aim then rnns away with her liks the " conquering hero that he is." A Swedish wedding usually last sevorul days, and amongst the maDy ceremonies is the planting of n fir-tree in memory of the day. A -Swedish peasant rarely marries a girl not of his own place. The Swedish peasant is simple, affectionate, courteous, hospitable, and cheerful. The women's dress consists, usually of a yellow woollen shirt, and an over-gown of white cloth, fastoned at the back with black. A black collar en circles the neck, and a red apron covers the front of the skirt. A white cloth fichu is draped on the head. The gala dress is richer in colors, and a red em broidered belt is worn round the waist. Married and single women dress alike. A Swedish peasant's house consists of two rooms, a kitchen and a baking oven, and the whole made of trunks of trees. The roof is made of brunches of trees covered with mud. There are no bells or knockers to the door; everyone goes in freely, without asking permission. The first room that is entered is the sitting-room and diningroom, and sometimes it is also nsed as a-bedroom. The furniture con sists of a large wooden table, chairs, and several little sofas, which, joined together, serve as beds when needed. A large cfock is always to be found in the room, and a chest of drawers. The floor is covered with branches of fir- trees. There is also a large fireplace, and when the fire, is alight no candles are nsed. Next to this room is a second room, used only for sleeping and for hanging np the family's wearing apparel. Nearly every peasant's bouse has a little garden in which to grow cabbages, carrots, apples, etc. Trees, however, are rare in Sweden, especially in the North. Open fields are considered more beautiful than forests. In some places tho dead are buried in forests. Swedish peasants live on brown bread, cheese, butter, and salt beef and mutton, They do not like fresh meat or vegetables or potatoes. Their drink is light, home-made beer. They sometimes drink coffee, but only fashion able people drink tea. As in Ireland, the family pig often shares tho bedroom with his master. Doors and windows are rarely opened, even in summer time, and tho people rnTely undress on going to bed. They wash only once a week, ,on Saturday night. . . . . Like all ignorant people of every country the Swedish poor are very superstitions, especially in illness. For instance, corns are cured by some one telling the sufferer that some one is dead. The friend says, " So and so is dead!" " And my corns are dead," says the sufferer. This must be repeated three times. If anyone com plains of any pain, and some one says, "It's a lie!" the pain disappears,at once. Spitting is supposed to keep away evil spirits, witchcraft, and ghosts. The first timo an unmarried man stands god father to a baby it mnst be a girl, and the first time a girl stands godmother to a child it must be a hoy, otherwise she will never marry. The water, which serves for the baptism, is carefully kept to bo nsed in several illnesses. Nowhere in the world is the love for children so great as in Sweden and Norway, especially in Norway. In fact, the monotony of ex istence is relieved only bv this love. Very little difference exists between the Swedes aud Norwegians in their customs —so little that thoy need not be men tioned. 