The Early Days of Gladstone. IT is not perhaps generally known that the little town in Port Curtis, named after the Grand Old Man is one oí the oldest, if not the oldest, settlements outside the convict prisons in Queensland; although the traveller in per- ambulating the town would not observe any thing of very great antiquity, save perhaps the Metropolitan hotel, to remind him of the fact. Still the fact remains, nevertheless, that in 1846 a settlement for the better class of convicts was formed on the high piece of ground known as Barney's Point, and from which can be obtained an expansive view of harbor, the entrance thereto from the south being almost lost in haze in the distance. But Cardinal Moran wants to give Gladstone a still greater antiquity. In his " History of the Church in Australia" the learned Prelate tries to show that on the shores of Port Curtis the first Mass was said 290 years ago, by the priests of De Quires, the Spanish explorer. The explorer in his diary stated that in 1606 he landed at a spot which he describes, the mountains, river, bay, islands, &c.;, answering admirably the description of Port Curtis ; but he further said the natives cultivated certain fruits such as the citron, sugarcane and yam«, and bunya bunya among other foods. None of these things are to be found in their wild state in the Port Curtis district save the bunya bunya, and the general opinion is that De Quirns landed somewhere in New Guinea and not on the coast of Queensland at all. Anyway I failed to find even among the oldest inhabitants, anyone who held the opinion that Cardinal Moran has proved conclusively that the first Mass in Australia was celebrated on the shores ocf Port Curtis. But there is no disputing the fact that Gladstone has claims to antiquity (for Queensland). It appears that the English Government were rather much exercised what to do with the large number of convicts transported to Australia. Already a settlement had been formed at Moreton Bay to relieve the penal establish- ments in Sydney, and still it was desirable to further extend operations for the benefit of the better class of convicts ; and the British Government resolved on a course ef action, which, had circumstances turned out favor ably, might have considerably altered the course of events in Central Queensland. The proposals of the Colonial office was disclosed by Lord Stanley in the House of Lords on March 3rd, 1846. He said that ' the Govern- ment to which he belonged had thought proper to appoint an additional colony to the north of the colony of New South Wales, be- yond the limits assigned to that colony, the new colony not being too near the tropics to prevent its being healthy. It was intended that a number of these convicts who had reached the most advanced-that was the lightest-stage of penal discipline, should go to that colony, where they would be furnished with provisions for a limited period, and also a portion of land. They would also be per- mitted, if they thought proper, after a certain interval, to emigrate to the adjoining colonies and become the servants of the outlying popu- lation cf those colonies. The class of convicts who would be sent to the new colony would be those who, when they arrived there, would be in the position of those of having received a conditional pardon." Labor was source in in the new colony and as the squattages were being extended along the northern coast the proposal met with great favor ; and they saw also an outlet for their surplus stock. But the plan of giving land to the convicts was .strenuously objected to ; thus, in the lan guage of the Courier: "placing them in a much better position that the men of virtuous character." But colonial opinions, either for or against, were not considered by the Home authorities, who prosecuted the scheme with much vigor. The classes to be sent were two : all exiles (that is, convicts transported -with pardon, to take effect immediately on their landing), and all pardoned convicts in Van Dientanrs Land unable to earn an inde pendent subsistence. Measures were also .adopted to secure a due proportion of the .sexes. Bâtions, bedding, Sec., were to be supplied free for one year, after which the new settlers were supposed to maintain them selves on the land granted them for culti vation. £10,000 was to be spent on public works, the settlers contributing labor. Free emigration was permitted but not encouraged. Lieutenant-Colonel Barney, of the Boyal Engineers, was appointed superintendent, and . arrived in Sydney in Sept. 184Ü. With a sur veying staff he went to Port Curtis and laid out a site for the new settlement, the Govern ment residential buildings being on the point named after himself, while the township site was fixed a mile further east on the flat, "rides" being cut through the thick timber . east, west, north and south. These " rides" . could be traced until quite recently. The Colonel then returned to superintend the load ing and despatch of the remainder of the military stores and requisites. Presumably a number of men had been left behind to erect buildings for the staff, but my authorities are silent upon the point. Anyway it is not likely the buildings would be erected after the various officials had arrived with their stores, . furniture and supplies, so the date of the . erection of the buildings can be sot down as . early in 1847-just half-a-century ago. Tho superintendent returned in the "Lord Auck land," which was to be followed by the " Thomas Lowry" with the balance of the stores and other necessaries. Upon arrival in the Bay the superintendent intended an elaborate offioial landing; guns were un muzzled to fire a salute in honor of the cir cumstance, while each man wore his official . suit, the whole making quite a dazzling dis play. In the midst of the preparations, the vessel ran aground on Fairy Island, and the . crew and passengers landed as best they might, and starvation was only prevented (the stores being lost) by the arrival of two small vessels from Brisbane. While waiting1 helpless uncertainty what to do-whether to' '?tay or return to Sydney, a despatch was ?od from the Imperial Government an * that the letters patent under whioh ' No, stralia had been created into a separat »v, would be revoked, and direct ing that establishment formed there should be itu "'ately broken up. Colonel Barney and bis t. Ts were to be employed, as occasion might Wve, in the colony of New . South Wales. No reason was given by the Gladstone »Administration through the Colonial Office for such a sudden abandon ment of the scheme, and the settlement was . deserted, the only tangible result of the whole being a bill for £20,000, the cost of the . experiment-the assets consisting of a few roms-and not very picturesque ones at that. About this time Colonel Maurice O'Connell, . afterwards Sir Maurice, was appointed Land Commissioner for the northern colony, and he resided, I am informed, in what is now known I as the Metropolitan Hotel-the only really ancient-looking house in Gladstone -a wooden bouse built nearly 60 years ago, a large quaint root Hort M'Cann has been trying to im prove the old house, but he has uot deprived it of its old-time ghost- suggesting appear ance. I must confess I was ignorant of the fact that Gladstone had enjoyed the privilege of being chosen as a convict settlement, or that it was as ancient as it really is. In con junction with Western men generally I be lieved Gladstone to be an insignificant little town with a grievance- that lt had " a beauti ful harbor," of which no one took the slightest notice. That each Gladstonian had harbor on the brain, that thc whole subject matter of every conversation was " our harbor" and that Gladstone must prosper some day. The people j had great expectations, and the harbor was some day to be recognised, and the township would boom. But after five days very hap- I pily spent in and around the town my ideas j have undergone a considerable change. But of this anon. The afternoon after my arrival, the Host of the Metro., whom I found to be an energetic and really pushing townsman, invited me to a drive, which I accepted. " We'll take a round, and have a look at Barney's Point-the old settlement you know." " Bight," says I, and mounting the steep hill we soon travelled the couple of miles to the Point. Whatever failings Colonel Barney hod us an Administrator he wisely chose the site of the Government buildings, of which little now remain. Nearly hidden by lantana, oleanders, lilies and aloes (someone evidently had a taste for gardening years ago) was the remains of the chief buildings, of which a por tion of a couple of walls remain-a mixture of brick and stone, the mortar thickly impreg nated with crushed oyster shells. Shell covered walks can be traced leading to what were presumably the "staff" qnarters. A short distance away a stone floor in excellent preservation, a hollow running along the centre. This was the laundry presumably ; further on again four walls with a, doorway and a huge aperture, probably a window, al though quite out of proportion with the other portions of the structure. Sections of a strong slab fence, which apparently surrounded the whole, are to be observed here and there, while a row of posts alongside of which are traces of a shell pathway, was evidently part of an erection for trellising plants. Facing the sea is a granite slab bearing this inscrip tion on the one side : " Beneath this stone are deposited the remains of Thomas Mules Strat ford Riddell, eldest son of the Acting* Colonial Secretary und Mrs. Riddell ;" and on tho j otherside: " He was born in Sydney on the 22nd January, 1832, and died at Port Curtis on the ICth September, 1851, aged 22 years." Poor young Riddell was a nephew of Sir Muurice O'Connell, and had been sent up to his uncle's from the city to gain bush ex perience. He was assisting to load water at what is known as Police Creek-the only source of water supply for the embryotic city at that time-and after completing the task of filling four ship's tanks lashed in a bullock waggon, his foot slipped, and he fell under the laden and moving waggon, his life being crushed out. He was buried at Barney's Point, and the granite block which now covers his remains was sent up from Sydney. In the '50's Gladstone suffered very much through drought, and owing to the lack of water supply the little township was well nigh depopulated. But I must leave the further history of Gladstone for another occasion. I ROLAND QUIZ, j 