TEE GHOST OF ALDERWODE. [By Ravenswood.1 ' There's no help for it We shall bave to take a haunted house,' I exclaimed, dashing down an account book. 'A haunted house!' gasped four mouths around me. \ 'That is so,' I rejoined. 'Our income amounts to the sum of £98 per annum. Out of that four people have to be fed, clothed, and housed— four useless people, utterly incapable of doing anything for their living,' I added, bitterly' and somewhat cruelly. 'Haunted houses are occasionally to be bad at low rents ; if we could chance on one it would be a godsend.' 'So think X,' eaid Jerome, xny elder brother. 'I shall go to bed every night in a Jubilee illumination of gaslight—that will settle them! They're a weak-eyed, owlish set— perfectly useless in a glare.' 'It's my belief as soap and water settles ghoB's quicker nor anything,' said Martha, our good old family domestic, lingering at the door. 'They can't abide the smell of it. What .they like Are dirty cobwebby 'oles as no one else'll live in. ? Give 'em plenty of hard scouring, aodft, and { urniturepoliBh, and tbey'je miserable. You never catch ghos's coming inigh at spring cleanih'B or on washing days,' nodding her head knowingly. 'Paint, varnish, and plain wholesome white wash are the things ' 'cried Gub, my schoolboy brother, who dabbled in amateur painting and enamelling. ' You won't find a ghost putting its nose within a mile of those— they'd give it the colic.' ? ' I shall try asking them for donations to the Old Women's Clothing Club,' primly re marked our fair siBter Benzol, who was an angel of mercy in the parish. ' Bravo, Kenny! We Bhall never be troubled with them after that !' shouted Gus. ' Perhaps the Restoration Fund would be better,' added Renzel, reflectively. 'Not being acoustomed to clothing themselves, may be they wouldn't take kindly to the notion for old women.' 'They won't Btop to take to anything — ex- cept their heels,' remarked Jerome. 'We'll put up large noriceB,' said I. ' 'Ghosts, beware ! Spring cleanings held here every spring-, summer, autumn, and winter. Washing days frequent; gas everywhere; cleanliness and light tbe order of the day. 'No panelling nor tapestry allowed ; only honest brick walls and sanitary paper, white wash and carbolic aoid. No foothold for ghosts anywhere. Should such intrude they will be required to give donations to the fundB of the parish church and the Old Women's Clothing Club.'' 'First catch your hare— that is, your house,' remarked Jerome. ' I have seen one advertised in the paper for weeks,' said Renzel, peering up and down the columns of a daily journal. ' Ah, here it is ! Listen, all of ye ! ' 'Alderwode, Upper Norwood. This com modious family' residence— said to be haunted — to let for the nominal sum of £20 per annum. Four reception, eight bedrooms, conservatory, and large garden. Apply on premises.'' 'That sounds all right,' said I. ' The place is only an hour away by bike, too. Suppose I spin down there.' 'I, too !' put in Jerome. ' As chaperone, dear boy,' he added. 'If the phantom be a ghostess it would be the height of impropriety to leave an unprotected little bachelor like you to her soft blandishments.' _ I msasure six feet, while Jerome is compara tively short, making up in brains for what he lackB in stature. ' Then if we like the house we can decide on it at once,' I continued. 'And you would take it after paying one daylight visit?' exclaimed our long-headed one. 'Why not?' 'Excuse me, my dear fellow, for undiluted language, but you're a fool.' ' 'You surely don't believe that nonsense about the place being haunted ? Rats and mice--that's all ! With perhaps au owl and bat thrown in to make weight.' 'Do you suppose that any undeinented landlord would let such a place for £20 if it were only haunted by rats and such small deer?'' ' Oh, I daresay tales have got about.' 'And do you imagine, you son of a mole, that with the world full of poor folk that house would be untenauted if the tales were false ?' 'No, you're right,' I replied. 'We must spend a night there, if possible, and judge for ourselves.' ' Oh, poor Jerry ! Alas for thee, my Ronald !' cried Gub.' 'A Back of bones will be all the residue of you left to your devoted and afflicted family !' and flourishing a hand kerchief patterned with varnish stains he veered off, while we elders began, with graver thoughts and words, to discuss our altered fortunes. For trouble had come heavily on us Dav nants; motherless since childhood, bereft of our father— an officer of the — th Husears— only a year since, left now with only a bare pittance through the failure of the bank in which was the bulk of our fortune, it was only our indomitable flow of spirits and good health which kept us from succumbing to the trials of our changed condition. The same afternoon found us preparing for the expedition to the haunted house. 'Call out the items of the commissariat,' said Jerome. And 1 enumerated— ' Two candlesticks. One dozen caudles. Six boxes of matches. Two novels by John Strange Winter. A small flask of brandy. Two bottles of Base. A corkscrew. A packet of sandwiches !' Stowing them away at the same time in a dilapidated Gladstone bag. 'Accept my humble contribution,' said Gus. stuffing in a filmy packet; 'some red Bengal lights to give effect to the ghost scenes.' 'And mine, for the ghost itself,' laughed Renzel, holding up a voluminous scarlet flannel garment; 'It must be very shivery to be made of air. this cold weather.' It was then December. ' This is my little offering,' said Jerome, carefully loading a revolver. 'You can't shoot phantoms,' remarked Gus sniffingly. 'There are phantoms and phantoms, my child,' was the oracular response. An hour later we were reviewing Alderwode from the road, and found it ancient and gloomy of aspect, buried iu dark overcrowding shrubberies. 'Every inch of it breathes ghosts,' observea Jerome, regarding it ruetuily as 1 knocked at the lodge door. ' We have come to sample the ghosts,' said I cheerily to the old woman of hopeless aspect who answered my summons. 'That is,' added Jerome, perceiving that she was a walking antidote to the meekest joke, 'we think of taking the house; but wish first to spend a night in it to prove that it is habitable.' 'Stay if you like, sir,' said the old lady's husband, who just then appeared, and looked j less pessimistic than her spouse. 'You're made of sensible stuff— you want to know what you're coming to,' he added with a merry twinkle in hi6 keen blue eyes. ' Other folks, they come bag and baggage, and then ? ' ' Yes ; then ?' queried Jerome eagerly. 'You'd best ask 'em,' was the laconio reply. ' Are the ghosts very bad — and frequent?' asked I. 'Now, look'ee here, master,' said the lodgekeeper, ' I reckon as ghosts' affairs have nought to do wi' me. I mind my business and they mind theirs, and so we get on comfort able together.' 'Well, can_you let us have some coal and wood for a fire J' queried Jerome. 'Ay, ay. I'll put you up some firing,' moving away. ' There are ghosts ?' asserted Jerome. . 'There are,' I agreed gravely. 'Never- theless, we won't yield the fort without a struggle.' 'ill lend you a couple of chairs,' said the caretaker, returning with a scuttle of fire pro vender.- ' They bain't grand 'uns, but they're better nor tbe floor.' ? And shouldering our kits we prepared to turn into quarters. -- We found Alderwode reeking with decay and dreariness. A stone terrace, witb grass springing between the flan, skirted tbe oaok of the fiousBj and from it flights of mow grown steps led 4owo Into a garden wh,ere the paths, thick -with weedB, oould hardly k distinguished from the choked-up beds. 'Not exhilarating,' was Jerome's verdict. 'Good for the frogs,' I suggested hope fully, unlocking the door and entering. 'I wonder which is the ghost's boudoir or Bulking ?, den, according to sex, or if it is ' a romer bold and gay.1 ' - And, obatting on, we went through the rambling old place, and decided that if the ghosts weretjonifanionalje we sliott'd do very Well there. ^ The room we selected to 1-iv--uac in opened by a glass door on to u ciM-H-rv.itory, and 11 o'clock found ' us_witli ouv lire lighted, out candles and supper on tli-« c!iim:iey- piece, and our chairs drawn up to t!:- iiuurth, regaling ourselves with Bass and snin.lw.ehes. This done we lit our (lijius, and. one eye on the revolver and one on a novel, awaited events. 'The curtain will riss at 12, I suppose,' remarked Jerome shortly before. 'The' orchestra is turning up already,' re turned I, starting to my feet as a wailing cry passed through tbe house. 'I don't care a straw for cpmmon or garden phantoms,' said Jerome, watching the door, revolver in hand. 'It's your ghosts which are not ghosts of which one has to beware. Ah !' as a hoarse laugh rang through the air, followed by the same ghostly wail as before, 'I will go and recon noitre the enemy,' issuing into the hall, whence I could hear his footsteps become fainter down an adjoining corridor. Grasping my stick, a stout blackthorn, I was keeping watch on the conservatory when my gaze became riveted on the misty figure of a weird-looking old man within beckoning to me with one bony hand. That it was a phantom there was no doubt, for through its form I could distinctly see the woodwork beyond. \- In a few seconds it vanished, and I dashed to the glass door ; but as my hand touched the handle a horrible thrill ran through me, and I felt my hair in very deed rising on end. I tried to withdraw my hand, but all power had left me, while the fiendish laugh I bad heard before sounded just beside me. Then gradually the thrill lessened, my strength returned, and I was, though slightly trembling, myself again. Undaunted, I entered the conservatory and perceived an open door before me at the bottom of a flight of steps. Running down, I darted into a large laboratory, where at the far end was the strange being I had seen in spirit form. He was an old man with wild wizen face and gaunt form, enveloped iu a long black garment. 'So it's you,' I exclaimed savagely, 'who frighten honest folk out of the house by dia bolical tricks, you old scoundrel. I'll teach you to play the fool ! Come with me !' 'It's for you, my friend, I have been wait ing these many years,' said the wizard, gently rubbing his hands together, and regarding me as if I were a choice anatomical specimen. 'Just the type— strong vitality, superabun dant energy, flow of animal spirits.' 'Yes; you shall have a specimen of all if you don't come out of this.' . ' My good sir,' returned the old man, 'I will come with you wherever you dictate, if you will first Bit down en that chair and listen to what I shall say. Yes,' as I instinctively obeyed, ' I thought you would.' Oh, horror ! Again that thrill, but worse. Through my whole frame it spread, till every bone ached as if on the rack. AU power of motion and speech, left me, and my brain became duller and duller. I could still hear and see, but* the sounds seemed far away, and the room filled with mist. ' At last,' screamed the alche uist, gloating over me, 'the opportunity has come. Now for the experiment of my life, which shall prove to the world that it is possiblo to restore - mortal existence to the d-ing, and that to me, Pbiiabas Dracon, the discovery is due. Yes, yes ; chloroform now,' saturating a cloth from a glass bottle, ' till the vital force is all but deadened — till the heart has but a few more throbs to give ; then elec tricity, to restore the heart's action, to call back the ebbing life.' He was hurrying towards me, chuckling and mumbling incoherently, when the door, which had shut with a spring, was burst open, and Jerome rushed in. ' What's the meaning of this ?' he cried. 'Another of them ! Brave boys !' cackled the old man. 'Sit down — sit down .'' point ing to a chair, and hastening to a row of ivory kuobs in the wall. ' Stand where you are !' thundered Jerome, 'or you will be shot dead, pointing the re volver at him. ' What has done that ?' indi cating my inanimate form. ' ' Electricity, the grandest ' power upon earth,' cried the scientist. 'Very well, you just undo it or I'll put a bullet through you.' And the old man went slowly to an electrical battery and lessened the pressure directed through the chair on me. 'Ah, thank Heaven.' As my fixed eyeballs relaxed my limbs quivered, then answered to my will, and I gave a gasping sigh. ?'All right, old man?' asked Jerome anxiously. 'I feel a bit queer,' I replied, staggering up ; 'but fresh air will soon put that right.9' 'What a pity! Such an opportunity!' murmured Dracon. ' You old blackguard !' cried I, advancing with clenched hand. 'lies as mad as a hatter, Ronald, put m Jerome. ' Get you into the air — I'll manage him. Now you,' to the scientist, 'go before me iuto the house and remember there's a re volver covering the back of your brain.' And, muttering and moaning, Dracon did as he was bidden. Next morning I obtained from a well- known lunatic asylum near a vehicle and attendant for his removal. Enquiry proved that Alderwode— which dated back several centuries— was connected by an underground passage with tbe next dwelling — that of Dracon, who had devoted himself to the study of scientific inventions, chiefly electrical, till his abode became one greatiabpratory, and. queer noises and explo sions became eo frequent that the landlord gave him notice to quit or stop experiments. - Discovering the passage leading to Alder wode— then vaoant — he removed hit: apparatus to vaults there and continued his pursuits, startling away tenants by ventriloquism, optical delusions of the Pepper's Ghost type (for which he used the glass door and electrical currents). As Boon as Martha had had a fair innings at the old place we removed thither, and now I - defy anyone to find a brighter or more un ghostly abode for the modest sum of £20 per annum. — Fashion Novelties. 