THE STORYTELLER. THE ACTOR'S DOUBLE. We wei-e talking about spirit manifes- tations at the Thirty-nine -Club, and retailing the usual second» or third hand Recounts of deceased ladies and gentle- men showing themselves to their sor- rowing relatives. " It is strange the tricks which om brains will sometimes play us," said Dr. Macpherson. "I remember once seeing a ghos,t myself, and I can tell you that the sensation is a very curious one. Ii was a good many years ago, during my examination days, and I had been sit- ting up until the early hours ' cramming.1 Everybody in the house had long since gone to bed, where I ought to have been .myself, so I was rather surprised when I glanced up from my book to see some- body sitting at the table where I myself had'been a few moments before, writing. I felt quite startled for an instant, until I recognised the intruder. He was a little hazy, but I "could see plainly enough, who be.was." , " A. dead relative f asked Maj. Dennett, who* wag a firm believer in the good old-fashioned ghost.. ... Macpherson answered iu his peculiarly quiet way. " Nb ; it was myself. " The appeai«ance cf seeing one's-own ghost is not alto .géther unusual, I believe." . " Now, I do not think your experience wais half so remarkable as one of mine," said Gilbert Dane, the well-known actor and manager of the Howard Theatre, who happened to be there that night. Dane is not a member of the Thirty- nine, but bad come with. Macpherson.. Most of the brain specialist's friends are tn the profession, a fact which is perhaps due to the year which he himself spent on the stage as a young man. "My story begins prosaically," said the actor, when we tegjged to hear it. "Host the latch-key with which I let myself into the theatre, and took some- body else's to the locksmith's to have a Suplícate made. I agreed to call for it »be following morning, as I was going np town for reheai'sal. I was living at Putney then, and we were actively pre Ítaring a play which deserved a better ate than it received, if thought and preparation go for anything, for I came near making myself ill over it. I was feeling out of sorts on the morning that I had called for the latchkey, and when Hie locksmith swore positively that he had given me the thing already-that less toan ten minutes previously I had come in 'for the key, ,paid for it, and ?taken it away with me, I will confess that I lost my temper and stormed at the fellow, but I could not get hiai to budge a line from his .story. He seemed to hâve an idea that I was playing a practical joke, and the onljr result of my talking was that I nearly lost my train to Waterloo. It was moving when I reached the platform, and I had to run for the only compartment of which the door was open, near the end of the train. .'The compartment contained two other passengers, but if I glanced at v them at all, I- noticed nothing except that each was pretty well hidden behind a daily paper. I had fortunately bought my own paper before calling at the lock- smith's and speedily followed their ex- ample. So tar, the story is painfully commonplace. Now comes the truly remarkable experience, which has stamped the doings of that day indelibly cn my memory." Thé actor paused to strike a match and relight his cheroot, which he had allowed to go out, and we all watched him, in silence, wondering what was coming. Macpherson only had the air of a man who had heard the story before. "I had become rather interested in . paper," Dane went on, when the cigar was alight again, " and did not notice my companions talking, until one of them" started telling an anecdote. Then it gradually dawned upon me that tbie story he was telling was one that I consider my own particular property, and when I listened it struck methat the story was being told, not only in my exact words, but also in my own voice. They say that a man does not recognise his own voice-when he hears it in the phonograph, for instance ; but that is, possibly the fault of the phono- graph, and, at any rate, I know that I recognised mine instantly. The story and the voice startled me, und it is difficult to describe my feelings vrhen I put down my paper to glance at the narrator." 4 "It was yourself?" asked Maj. Den- nett, excitedly, as the actor paused, and Dane nodded, " Yes, gentlemen, I saw seated at the ¡ other end of the compartment by the window, opposite MB companion, a figuré that was an exact facsimile of the re- flection which I see in my glass every day when I haw dressed for the part of e respectable citizen. . It was myself, jcompfete in every detail of face and \- attire." .. ' ? " An optical delusion, I suppose?" I juggested, and'the actor shook his-head. "No.; that was the first idea that occurred to rae-that I had been work- ing aad worrying too much over the Àew^ play, and my brain hád played me a trick. The unconcerned way in which the third man glanced at me encouraged me in the belief, for the likeness, unless I was imagining it, "was enough to attract instant ^attention. I wondered whether there was actually a man sitting and talking where I saw and heard mj facsimile; for the third man, as ordinary, everyday individual, had nol spoken a word to him, and might, from his expression, have been listening to his anecdote or simply thinking. I was relieved when he laughed, at the point when ' my double,' as I began to call his companion, came to the joke of the story ; but when he opened his mouth ii was only to increase the mystery of the affair, for it showed me that ' my double * possessed my name, as well as my voice, my dress, my face, and figure. " I began to wonder then, not whether the man at the window was a reality, but whether I was reality myself, and it really would not have surprised me if I had looked in a mirror at that moment and found it reflected back a face that was strange to me. It is strange how quickly a single phenoaienen will some- times change all one's fixed opinions on the subject of the supernatural. I felt that I must Bpeak to the men, if only to prove whether I was awake or dreaming, and I seized the opportunity of intro- ducing myself offered by hearing 'my double ' called by my name. *" Excuse me,51 said, addressing him, 'but I heard your friend* just now call Mr. Dane. I wonder whether we are related at all, for that happens to be wy name, and we seem to bear a striking similarity to one another." " ' My double ' turned and surveyed më through his single eyeglass in exactly the same manner as that with which I should have surveyed a stranger who addressed me in the train, *"I really do not know whether we are related,' he said, in the voice I use when I wish to be slightly patronising. * I am Gilbert Dane, of the Howard Theatre,' and he actually banded me one of my own cards. "There was something in the sub- stantial nature of the familiar bit of pasteboard that brought back a little of my common sense, and relieved me from the state of stupefaction into which the phenomenon had driven me. " * Come, this is a very clever trick,' I said, with a smile which, I am afraid, was rather feeble. ' You have certainly succeeded in startling me. Now I should like your own card, so that I may know whom to congratulate on a very clever performance.' " 1 " And what did the Mystery do ?" I inquired with interest, when the actor paused. " He did exactly what I should have done if a stranger addressed me in the same manner. He became angry, and asked me what I meant, and whom I called myself.. " ' "Weil, "until to-day I have been in the habit of calling inyself Gilbert- Dane, of the Howard Theatre--' I wa3 be- ginning, keeping myself as cool as I could, when my double interrupted me, in a tone which I still recognised per- fectly as my own. " ' Well, you had better not do so any more,' he said sharply, ' or you will find yourself in tue hands of the police. I see that you have been imitating my dress, too, which I cannot help, but the use of my name is another thing." " We had just reached Vauxaall, our first stopping place, as he spoke, and a ticket collector, who knows me by sight, came to the door. ' My double ' caught his eye first. " ' 1 wish you would tell this gentlemau who lam,' he said, and the mau answered promptly : " * Certainly, sir ; you ave Mr. Dane, the actor.' " He looked startled when I asked the same question. "'I should call you a very good imita- tion,' he said, when he had recovered from his surprise. " This was becoming decidedly uncom- fortable, and I began to wonder how I could prove to anybody that I was not a very good imitation of myself. The ticket collector's ready acceptance of my double as the real 'Mr. Dane ' showed me how helpless I should be in an appeal to anyone who did not know me well. But I felt that it would not do for two Gilbert Danes to remain at large. The question which one was to surrender the title must be settled at once. It struck me that the easiest way to do it would be to go together to the theatre, and submit the question to the company as- sembled for the rehearsal. I suggested this conrse to my facsimile, and he sur- prised me by accepting it raedily. " ' I warn you that I shall detain you when it is settled, and send for the police,' he said, in my haughtiest voice. " It was what I was intending to do witkliim." The actor paused to light another cheroot. ^ ' " And did you both go back ?" some- body asked. Dane nodded. "Yes, together; the third man left us at Waterloo," he said. " You may not believe it, but I felt really uneasy as I approached the stags door, and the fact that I had no latch-key to open it for j myself seemed a calamity.. My double calmly produced his, and marched me ' into my own theatre with the air of a proprietor. Then he closed the door behind him, and, changing his voice and manner, suddenly turned toward me and said quietly, "And now. Mr. Dane, I will puzzle you no more, but apologise for giving you sb much trouble, which I hope you will think repaid by the enjoy- ment of a unique sensation. The fact is that I am very anxious to go on the stage under your auspices, and I thought that this would be the best way to ob- tain an introduction to you, and at the j same time stow you a specimen, of ray j acting in the part of your understudy. You will admit at least that I under- stand the art of making ujS. Now, aro 1 you going to gire me an engagement or to send for the police ?' " " And you gare him an engagement, I 6uppo3e ?" I asked. " Yes ; I have always regretted that be threw it up before the year was up aud returned to his former profession, that of a medical maa." " lt was he, of course, who called for the latchkey in the morning ?" " Yes ; he had been in the shop when I ordered it, and the fact finally deter- mined him to carry out the affair, which he had been pondering some time." " But he must have haunted you like a shadow befoi'ehaud," put in Maj. Den-* nett, " to learn your gestures aud that. I should hardly think the result was worth the trouble." Macpherson, who had bean sitting quietly in the background, sui'priaed us by'replying for his friend : " Excuse me, Ma jor," he said, in his usual quiet way, " but you make a mis- take there, Any man would have been glad to give a hundred pounds down for the engagement which Dane offered ino straight away. It cost nie le33 than £10 for clothes and about a month of study and my time was not worth £9Qà month then, or I should not hare thought of giving up medicine and taking to the stage."-Herbert Flowerden, in the Pall Mall Budget. 