WIT AND HUMOUB. A “ monster in human form ” says that the only time a woman does not exag gerate is when she is talking of her own age. “ Does Miss Hysee sing ?” asked a man of a friend who had just introduced hinr to a young lady. “Well, that’s largely a matter of faith.” “ I don’t understand you.” “It depends altogether on which you believe—her mother or neighbours.” A New York man, who had not been out of the city for years, fainted away in the pure air of the country. He was only resuscitated by putting a dead fish to his nose, when he slowly revived, exclaiming, “ That’s good—it smells like home !” In a provincial theatre, where “Mac beth” was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very great favourite with his audience, in the ban quet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, “ Hence, hence, hence !” when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the ap plause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried out, “It’s all right now, Smith, he’s gone !” Miss Blanche—“ Have you made any conquests this summer ?” Miss Marian— “ Oh, yes, Mr Jones proposed the day before we came away.” Miss Blanche —“Doesn’t he pop the question in the mostawkward manner imaginable ?” They meet now as strangers. _ When a celebrated miser died a few years ago, a surviving friend wrote for him this epitaph :— Here lies one who for med’cines would not give A little gold, and so his life he lost: I fancy now he'd wish again to live, Couldhebut guess how much his funeral cost. i “I see,” said the man with the paper, . “that there is a king in Africa who has i been drunk for fifteen years.” “ That,” i said the cheerful idiot, “ is what might be called a soaking reign.” ; “ What did Noah live on when the • flood subsided and his provisions in the j ark were exhausted?” asked a school , teacher of her class. “ I know,” squeaked , a little girl, after the others had given up. E “ Well, what?” asked the teacher. “ Drv > land.” “ How is the bank doing at the Gulch?’ I asked Broncho Pete. “ Suspended,” saic ; Alkali Ike. “ So ? And the bankers V \- “Ditto.” Mamma—“ Ethel, what do you mear t by shouting in that disgraceful fashion s See how quiet Willie is.” Ethel—“0 1 course he’s quiet, that’s our game. He’s , papa coming home late, and I’m you.” 