I I'AID IV FIJLL. I concluded. I Bjb bad not been long at Hil-field I before be (onnd out all about Mi >6 I 51 ir'and. Sbe was tbe only cbild of I a weal 'by rquiio of tbe neighbourhood I and bad baen engaged to Mr. Brook too I for a considerable time. They would I have been married before now, so it was I said, but for the young man's reverses I on tbe turf, In fact, so . seriously had I be impaired hie property that there was I just a possibility of the match .being I broken off altogether. A'l Mr. B.rook- I ton's hopes, said Bob's informant, .were I centred in thB bay ,boree, Bronze wing, I who bad been first favourite for tbe I Mercpool cup. His owner hid backed I him heavily, and, in stable phrase, bad I gone a regular raker.' Tbe wbite-legged I cbeBtnut, which was also Mr. Breokton's I property, was engaged in. tbe same race, I but was not supposed to have the ghost I of a chance as lung as the favourite kept I well. I Tho young gentleman arrived very I early ouo morning, and it was given I out that there was to bo a trial. I Bronzawing and tbo chestnut, Mont- I rose, together with a third borso to I make the rnnning for them, were de- I spatched to tbe training ground, I whither they were shortly followed by I Mr. Brookton and Bramby. Greatly I to his disgust, tbo now stable-lad was I not allowed to form one of the party, I but he consoled himself with the re- I flection Ihit he bad seen it all before. I When they came back Bub noticed I that tbe owner of Bronzewing seemed I to ba in excellent spirits, and as the I horses were being returned to their I boxes be beard him 'remark to the I traiuer : I 1 1 don't suppose there will be any I good in running Montrose, will there 1' I ' Oh, I shouldn't eav that, sir,' re- I turned tbe trainer. 'For one thing, it I will open hie eyes a bit; and, besides, I it may be a great advautge for Bronz- I wicg to have sime thing to make a I pace for him.' - I ' Well, Til think it over,' returned I Brookton, sod the rest of the conversa- I tlan was inaudible to Bub. I At the first opportunity he ' asked I one of the lads which of the two had I won the trial. I 1 Oh, Bronzewing easy,' was the I reply. I Considering what be had himself seen I on the previous occasion this was as- I tonlshing news to Bob, and now, more I tbao ever, ho was convinced there was I fool play going on. If things were ai I they should ba, why had tbe former I trial been kept dark f Fur, although I Bob had thrown oat several feelers, be I bad failed utterly to discover anyone I who could throw the smallest ray of I light upon the transactions at day- I break. At all events, nuns of the I stable lads would admit any knowledge I of tbo matter ; and it was evident that I whoever was concerned in it moct I have been strictly honud t> secrecy.' I Of course, tho horses might not have I carried the sauie weights as on the first I trial, though that was scarcely likely. I Above all, why wss Mr. Brookton kept I in fhn dark ahnnt the former affair 1 For that he was iguorant of it, Bob felt assured. The whole thing was a mystery. The lad might have puzzled bis brains over the matter for long enough, dud been none the wiser, but for a most surprising and unforeseen piece fof good lack. A couple of days after the trial, jost about breakfast time, adog-cut was: driven into tbe yard, sod a vulgar looking man, considerablyover-dressed, got down ; calling oat in a vary pom pous way for some 'one to jput his horse i up. One of the lade asked . Bob to lend i a hand, and the horse wss taken oat of; the ebafts. 1 ' 1 Who is that 1' asked Bob, when the j man bad gone into the honse. 'Don't know him from Adam,' was the reply, ' Looks a good deal like a bookmaker.' When the animal s wants had been attended to, the other lad went In to breakfast, and B ib was left alone ip the yard. He noticed that the window of Brumby's office, which looked out eipon the stables, was open, and. at that moment be saw the stranger being Bhown into the , room. A sudden impulse took possession of him, and lie made up his mind to hear some of the conversation about to .take place, let tbe consequences be what they ' plight. The resolve wis not prpmptedbya »o«y exalted sense of honour,! perhaps, : bot then he was only a poor stable-lad,: and : he would not have -beslttt'afc'a much: more questionable act, if. he could Only do a service to the gracious lady who had, as he fully believed, saved ; him from death. ' _ Sv" Bob walked noisily across. toStoP.' kitchen door, thsu turned andegspt silently along the wall till he was right under the wiodow, the sill of which vr'ah: no more than a yard above, htsJiMid-'i Here was not a soul about, auddnl could bear every word as plainly 'iSB-lt J he were in the room. ? Fat briefly the substance of wmt Ap, learned was tuis : Bramby tutd Sdis covered, qaite by acrid enVtorit- Montrose, who had been a_?eiy 'toto ward two-year-old, . marvellously In the In the MerepooIOape imlicwpw had allotted him hitherto an hlnc on hM 'ty'tp carry Even looked npon the race ss a good thing for him, and, as Bjb had heard, the young gentleman's future practically depended on Broozewing'a victory. In the secret trial Bramby had ascertained, beyond doubt, that "Montrose was a good three lengths tbe better at the weights, and immediately conceived the idea of a splendid coop on bis own acconot. With the assistance of a bookmtkiug confederate named Moss — the person wbo was now closeted with him — Montrose had boenqnietly backed to win a great stake, a matter easy of accomplishment owing to ' be pronounced favouritism of. his stable companion. In addition to this, Mnas had been steadily laying against the ; favourite, and Intended launching out farther in, this direction on the day of the race. Altogether, the precious pur looked forward confidently to making their fortunes over the Mere- pool Cap, coolly ludiff:rent to the inevitable rain their villainy most entail upon poor yonng Brookton. In the public trial Montrose had really carried a stone more than bis proper weight, so that his owner was completely hoodwinked. Bramby had no donbt about being ablet-.i persuade his employer to run Montrose ; toy as ha c in tempt - uoubIv remarked to bis confederate : He's such a mug there's ao credit . in foolin' him.. Having lingered as long as be could venture with safety, Bob stole away, and juioed his companions at tbo break fast table. Bat for ones bis appetite completely failed bim. He was in a forious rage agaiust the pair of cold blooded swindlers, as well as frautic to think bow utterly powerless he was to circumvent their abominable plot. If ho were to tell Mr. Brookton all be knew, it. was almost any odds against his being believed. Hpw could a straightforward, honourable - young gentleman like him credit tbe distance oE-euch foul treachery ? . Hie first thing be wcnld do wonld be togoandqneetion Brumby, and then, . as Bob succantly put it, ' all tbe fat would be in the fire.' Even if Mr. Brookton were to scratch Montroso it would be of no nee, for it was scarcely likely a pur of rnffiens like Moss and Brumby would let Bronzswing win after having laid against him. No, the matter must be quits — . for the present, at ell events — and he mast set himself, unaided to tbe task of spoiling the ' plant.' But how ? — that was, indeed, a qaestion harl to answer. Bib racked his brains by day and by night till he grew quite pale and hsggard-looking, but never a plan could be discover worthy of b second thpugbt. Asia last resource be had made up hie mind to tell ail to Mr. Brookton, hoping to convinc9 htm by his earnestness and sincerity, when an accident occo'red that caused him to defer that proceeding for a while. Montrose was by no means a good-tempered colt, and ona morning he lashed ont at bis stable attendant, breaking a couple of his ribs. The important part of it to Bob was that be was installed in tbe in jured lad's placy The Merepo.d Gap wonld be ran in a few days,aed lie knew that he should have to accompany the horse. Tuns, chances were . afforded hint on which he had never reckoned, snd, with a -slice of luck, be tit inght he coold see his way to patting Messrs. Brumby and Co. 'properly in tbe cart.' The horses were seat to Mere pool the. -day before the race, snd stabled at an inn near the coures. Bub and Bronze- wing's attendant went in tbe horse-box, and Bramby also travelled by tbe same train. The accommodation at the small hoEtricy was limited, and no boxes being available; the thoroughbreds were pat up in a two stalled stable. ' In the 'munuog they were taken ont for a gallop on the coarse, and when breakfast Was over, and the two lads returned to ' their charges, Bob felt that the. time bad coins- for settling Montrcse. He didn't want to injure the borer, -merely to prevent bis winning ; and what be had tn his mind mast be done ss near to tbe time of the race as possible. However, bewas determined to taks advantageof the first convenient opportunity, and leave the result to Providence. : He waited and .waited, for -bonis upon hours ss it seemed to bim, yet the longed-for chance would not qntnie. Bramby was » fixture in the yard that morning. He walked op and down chewinga-etraw, or leant against the. stable door-while -be smoked bis cigar,' and, Bob's jh'e&ri;: grew nck within bim. Ofcourae; it Was still open to .him to reveal the. plot to' dir. BrjDokton, but that; he considered, .iindl he w poor, tame alternative. wished forwMeomethiog muchinorodramatic. He wanted to tiieys' Mm? conspirators Vsstnto 0 Ibe triiamph, 'tbbir ; (topes of kirtory excIttoto/Mto ighest pqariMp pitch, and then-ratribot'.oo. .. 1 -"jhixUyA&er; "twelve !r"toflock_; ajverrioninthe -gbape jilfi,-3Hs-=«atboty j-fifijuqt; t iUo w.iat|Kina fore raybody, . he grid. . .'I . 'Ww or pwya-ihoiayht '-Bob, < . 'Got s clg, Jemciyf he asked his companion. ' Not tbo ghost af one.' wss tbe veptj. '.Well, here's a. tanner ; go and get a -packet-— there's a shop jost round tbe Corner.' : Wfc-at if the boss should come ?' put, in Jemmy. 'Oh, hs's all right for a quarter of an hour — look sharp !' The boy ran off andBob .wont, into the stable. When Jemmy returned with the -cigarettes a few minutes later there was a look. on Bob's face as of-a man who h«d performed an arduous ditty to his entire satisfaction. In the race for the Morepoo! Cop Montrose was first sway, and he led Ms field a lively dance for about three- quarters of a mile. Then ho "collapsed suddenly — shut up like a knife, the experts said — and was seen ho more io the race. As he witnessed tbe shattering oi bis hopes, a wild-eyed, white-faced man on the tralnor's stand was biting his lip through, io the effort to keep back the flood of profanity that was " enrgiDg to his monib. .... . 'He's been got at! he biased between his clenched teeth, t nobbled, by .' Then came a, roar of ' Bronzewing 1 The' favourite wins P — and that good horse, shooting ont with the race io band, passed the post an easy. winner. ' Congratulate you, Bramby,' said a brother trainer, clapping him heartly on the back. ' You're done the trick this time, old man !' Brumby shook him off with an angry oath, which made the other stare in surprise, and rnshed madly down to the paddock. He was just in time to see Brookton, "his handsome face flashed with delight, leading in the winner. It was a bitter pill for the baffled rogoe, but he had to swallow it with the best grace he could muetsr. \- Montrose walked in with the crowd, and as the jeekey . dismounted Brumby came np to bim io a white heat of rage. ' What the has happened 1' he growled. The lad scowled back at him. ' Well, it strikes ma yon onght to know. I should say he's bad a bucket of water — that's about the sice of i>.' Good Lord !' groaned Bramby, 'do you suppose I should go rtapping the hone I stood to win a fortune over — ' Well, then, somebody else has gone and pot yon properly in the bole,' returned tbe jockey. 'And me too, d— n Mm P be added ruefully. The lad bad backed the presumed -good thing for rather more than he could afford, and was incliued to be croety in consequence. Brumby was in si quandary. He conld not make a' fuss over the supposed nobbling without letting in more light on his crooked proceedings then wonld bavo been at all prudent. Bat be strongly suspected Bob. He htd never liked the -boy, and felt, eomeho v, that the feeling was mutual. At the first opportunity he qaeetioned bim. Did yon give any water to Montrose this morning t' And Bob, -lookiog him fairly and squarely in the face made answer : 'Not a drop.' If Brumby had succeeded in verifying - bis suspicions, there is-no doubt he' -wonld have inflicted a signal vengeance ' upon Bob, bat tin opportunity was not .afforded bim. He was completely rained by bis losses, and before many days the batiffs were in possession of Hiil6eld,' and its tenant had fled. 'Bob Cadey, however, soon found a new place with Mr. Brookton. who was giving up the turf, but intended forming a smell breeding etnd. With rare magnanimity be never told bis master bow be had saved him from beiog rained by the victory of his own horse. It was reward enough for him to know that the debt of gratitude owing to his sweet youog. mistress bad been paid in foil. " 