OUR STORY. A LOST SENSATION. (By P. Y. Black.) Glen left the great newspaper building one evening in a disturbed frame of mind. The city editor had been making severe remarks, and Glen was neither sufficiently old nor calloused enough to accept these outpourings, as did the other men, with polite indifference. The young man was still enthusiastic in his cal— ling, and he felt grieved that, as the city editor had hinted, men on other papers were finding all the good things. No one on the paper took a greater personal interest in the prosperity of the sheet than Glen, and tonight, pondering on the caustic phrases of the chief, he felt that some tremen— dous effort must be made. This is a highly proper frame of mind, for an ambitious young reporter, but an un— comfortable one. He stepped meditatively home— ward, but had not gone a block before he was aware of hasty, patter— ing footsteps, and of an eager voice hailing him. Glen stopped and allowed his panting pursuer to catch up — a rosy and excited boy of twelve years, a child of the curbstones. "Well, Petey," the reporter called, cordially, " what can I do for you ? " Petey paused to get breath and jerk into place his unsettled gar— ments." Say, d'you want to take in de show ?" he asked. " What show ?" " Daddy Smith's Benefick. I'd de manager, I am, an' it aint no fake show, you bet. You want to come an' put it in de pape ? See, here's yer ticket. It's tonight in de dago expressman's stable, and de cops aint goin' to chase us, 'cause I'se fixed it alright wid Big George, wot's de cop down dere. He knows me, he does, an' wot I tells 'im is right. " Dere's goin' to be de Injun Maiden, an' I'm de cowboy wot clubs de Injuns, 'cause Big George won't loan us his gun to do de shoot- in' wid. Den dere's goin' to be all de new songs up to date, same as at de teayter, an' Hairy Mick de shoe black's goin' to give a skirt dance. You ever seed him ? He's great. Den de Weasel an' me spars fur pints." " But I think, Petey, if it's a bene— fit, I ought to pay for my seat." " Dat's all right," said Petey, looking up shrewdly, " 'Porters never pays, 'cause if dey did dey'd guy de show. See ?" " Petey, it is extremely bad form to criticise a benefit performance un— favourably," said Glen, solemnly giving the boy half a dollar. "Now, I have long had the honour of know— ing you and many of your friends ; but who is Daddy Smith, and why is he to have a benefit ?" " Didn't you know daddy yet ? 'He don't get round much, 'cause he's been sick. He 'dresses envelopes an' cir'clars, an' does dose kin' of t'ings. He's just out o' hospital. Dat's why we kids give 'im a benefick. See ?" " I don't see yet. Is he a boy?" " Naw ! Daddy's an ole man an' a gent'mun, he is, an' orful well eddicated. He knows mos' ev'ry- t'ing, daddy does." " Is that why you like him so much ?" "Naw! Course not ! He's good to us. See ! He's nice, and lets me stay in his room when my fader is drinkin', and he lets all the boys wot is nice boys come up to his room, an' den we's good times ; an' he tells stories — not ghost stories, like ' the hoboes tell — when it's all quiet, an' you feel as if de bes' moosic people in de worl' was on the roof playing de softest tunes, and daddy talks till you feel as if you was bein' cuddled by nice peoples, an' you want to be a hero an' die like Abrum Lincoln, and have all de dude peoples cry at de fun'rals." "Halloa!" cried Glen, staring. The boy had waxed too enthusiastic about his friend to notice the smile on the reporter's face. " I aint the same feller as I was," he continued, drawing his little figure erect with a flash of honest pride, " 'fore daddy took hold of me-. I'se learned things, I has ; an' I tell you, mister, I'se a good man now. We're all diff'runt — daddy's boys." "You have made me very much interested," said Glen, gravely. "Shall I see Mr. Smith tonight ?" " I was t'inking," said Petey, re— flectively. " He don't know nuffin' 'bout the benefick. Dat's a s'prise. But, say, mister, dere ought to be de— presin — de presintashun in the paper, an' I guess you can come wid me after de show, an' see dat, cause I'se got to make de speeches. We want to do dis t'ing in style. See ?" The entertainment in the Italian's stable which Glen attended gladly, was entirely orderly and passed off with great success. Petey found the pecuniary results satisfactory. The number of little boys who possessed nickels was beyond his expectations, " An' dey give up like turrybreds," he said. The newspaper man stayed through the performance with Big George, the friendly policeman, and enjoyed himself greatly, meditating a quaint story for Sunday readers. Petey joined him when the programme was finished, with a face glowing with satisfaction. " I'se got a dollar an' sixty cents," he said, radiantly, "an' de half— dollar you give me. Say, dat'll pay daddy's room rent for more'n week. De kids has 'p'inted me a dallygit to give de coin to Daddy Smith, cos he's pretty sick, and we musn't make a noise, see, all of us goin' wid it to him. You come wid me an' see de. presenshun. Say mister, will you call me ' mister,' too, w'en you put it in the pape ? It 'ud look better, wouldn't it ?" They ascended together the greasy stairway of an old house in a humble quarter, climbing until they reached the topmost stoiey, and Glen smiled to see his little companion grow nervous as they neared the top. The boy clutched the newspaper man's hand, holding him back. " Say ! " he whispered, " take your time. Wot's de way to begin w'en I makes de presenshun ? Say, go slow. Dere aint no hurry. De speech words is all jumbled up in my head. Ladies and gentlemen — wot nex' ? " . " I can't help you," said Glen. " Say just what cbmes up first. It's sure to be the kind of thing:" " Sh ! " Petey whispered again, holding back arid' listening.. " Wait a bit. Dat's daddy readin', so I guess dere's a lot of the big fellows in dere tonight. Daddy gives dem lessons. Oh! I say, mister," he went on, his courage suddenly dribbl— ing out, as he snuggled against Glen and pressed his hand coaxingly. "You make de speech and de pre— senshun, too." "What nonsense!" Glen an— swered. " You've got to do it." " I don't like," Petey whispered back. " De big fellows'll laugh and guy me. I ain't no Chauncey Depew ! " Through the cracks of an old door came the sound of a man reading or reciting. Glen detected the unmis— takeable note of breeding in the voice — a clear, educated, modulated voice — not what one would expect to hear in such a place. Petey and Glen waited silently. " Dat was daddy!" cried Petey, his enthusiasm and confidence re— turning. " Aint he great ? " There was now the murmur of several tongues within the room, and Petey turned the handle of the door and showed the reporter the faintly lighted interior. Resting on a cot in a corner a man reclined, a book still between his fingers, while four youths were scattered about the little room. They were ragged and rough and repelling, and yet Glen's face brightened up with friendly interest when he met their curious and startled gaze. For the depths of the eager and new-born light in all their eyes were familiar to him — the yet dim but enobbling light of aspiration, the yearning light of a holy hope. Un— consciously he smiled on the lads the spirit of comradeship, while in a flash his memory darted backward to a day in his own life, when, pressing a good man's hand, in the president's study at the university, he had made a vow, realizing for the first time the worth of his manhood. As the eyes of these lads now, so shone his own that day. " Is, then," he thought, with wonder, " this also college, and is this the president ?" He turned expectantly to the man on the cot, and looked at the thin, pale, scant, and gray-haired figure. He looked with interest, and again with perplexity, and again with angry astonishment, till his brow puckered up into troubed lines, and his eyes stared widely, and his teeth clicked sharply to silence his startled tongue. Petey had given him a kick on the shin to secure his attention to busi— ness, and with a great blush and shy eyes had plunged into a speech which he trusted was sufficiently happy to be reported in full in the morning paper ; but Glen heard none of the boy's words, nor noticed the hoarse laughter of the youths in the room, nor knew, indeed, what was passing, save that the man on the bed rose up and stood on the floor, with his arms stretched out to Petey, with grateful love in his look and tears running down his cheeks. Glen did not cease staring until the boy, breaking down utterly in his grand speech, discarded all en— tangling forms of ceremony, and rushed, with a whoop of delight, into "the open arms of the man, and rap— turously thrust at his face his pre— cious handful of silver. " An', say, daddy !" he cried, " de reporter saw de show, an' it'll be in de pape, an' how I knocked out de Weasel, an' dis presenshun an' de speech — least I dunno 'bout de speech, 'cause I dunno wot I said. Wait a bit ! I know now !" The Perth Medical Dispensary — A. Y. Parkes, Ph. Ch., manager — delivers medi— cines without delay, so in urgent cases can be relied upon. Country orders despatched same day as received. " It's a mark," he anxiously shouted, leaping from the man's arms and running to Glen, " it's a ' mark. See ? You say dat — Say I said dat ; it's a mark of de great esteem — -dat's right, ain't it ?— wot some kids, de little kid? — see ? — has long entytained fur Daddy Smith, wot's always done de right t'ing to dem, an' dey'll do de same to him ! Has you got dat ? Dat's right. Daddy, dis 'ere's de pape man, wot's a nice feller." The man turned his moist and happy eyes at last from the little boy and looked at Glen, and then there came a silence in the room, and a chill, when the two men met. Petey fell back, staring and per— plexed ; the four big lads stood up, awkwardly gaping and resentful. The older man's face grew swiftly gray with the shadow of fear, but Glen's glowed with triumph and a gratified revenge. In spite of the shaven face, the haggard cheeks, and the whitened hair, the newspaper man recognised at once, in this " daddy" of the boys, a criminal, an untried felon, a fugitive from jus— tice. (To be concluded.) 