BITS BY THE WAY (Br Fa isoae). Tao wonders of photography will apparently never cease. The latest, the photographing of the invisible, is one that declines to give spiritism more than a partial bearing, or extend to it more than a partial belief is one that few in this century ever expected to have to take seriously. Yet it seems that they must accept it now as a accomplished fact. The spiritists aver that their numbers are increasing, and that their particular form of belief is daily becoming more deeply rooted, more widely spread. Of this point, they may be better fitted to judge than the very large number, undoubtedly the majority, who will not even entertain a thought of there being other spirits on earth than those materialised in fiery but liquid forin, or chemically evolved from various substances for medicinal and manufacturing purposes. Between these avowers of belief and disbelief in spiritualism, non-combatants are apt to fare much as Mr. Pickwick did in a celebrated case of attempted mediation, bua combatants and non.combatants alike must see that scepticism in regard to spiritualism is so very largely abroad, that the unbelievers have very little occasion to take up arms in de fence of their unbelief at all. The spirit of the age is nothing if not practical, and often the practical can comprehend materialism only. Still there are numbers who, while totally disclaiming any belief in spiritualism, are consciouns of a lurking desire "to know you know ;" to see if there is anything beyond the vague mistiness that enshrouds the spirit world' that human eye can behold, or human sense accept as the undoubted return in spirit form to earth, of loved ones they have lost. This desire the latest de velopment of photography, should, if it do all that is expected of it, do much to satisfy, and then, ah then, well we will most probably be seeking for some fresh theory in mysticism to which to pin our faith, or over which we may exercise our powers of con tending. There is something very captivating in the latest photographic idea, for if it be possible to photo graph ghosts, i.e., the spirits of the de parted; we shall then know more cer tainly, surely, whether those who have left us for that home beyond the skies are happy in their high estate. There is no photograph of the human face worthy of the name in which the true expression is not caught, and we may hope that if the spirit face can be photographed, the expression will con vey to us the measure of happiness or woe that has fallen to loved ones' lots in that higher, purer sphere. If, as is by so many believed, this material air is thickly peopled with the spirits of the departed, hovering around loved ones of earthly mould, then this photographing ot the invisible, with wbich Dr. Raussell has so impresseda so many of the most scientific minds of the age, should resolve numberless doubts and fears, and settle disputes seeming apparently endless. It should also give the spiritualitts that measure of worlds' belief for which they have so long hungered in vain, and to which their perseverance if nothing else gives them some measure of claim. There have been many interesting groups of men who have helped to carve the fortunes of this colony on many occasions during this decade, and on many public platforms, while at a period when, in the Federation cause, the best talent of the colony, the greatest eloquence, and the most determined patriotism and energy posseosed by the public men of Vic toria is nightly being exercised, but few such gatherings can be in any way devoid of interest. Yet it is doubtful whether around any could cling such a halo of the past as that which in vested the gathering at. the Exhibition Building, on Saturday, with an inte rest that was as human as it was his toric. It was called the Old Colonists' gathering; hut, dear me, - what a number of young colonists gathered to do them honour. . Opening cere monies do not, as a rule, attract very large numbers even of specially in vited folks, for they are generally dry, sometimes dreary, and those who love the more lightsome things of life prefer to wait till music, song and moving crowds, the evening hours enliven. Bat to do the old colonists honour a large and brilliant crowd assembled. There was much to please, much to dis tract on the line of march to the plat form, but there was nothing even to compare in interest with the men, un bedizened by orders, not exalted in rank, who crowded it. Grizzled and grey, worn and scarred by the hand of time, but with spirits undimmed by aught that they had gone throunh. Not often, indeed, does such genial old age meet together. Mr. Coppin, who was the premier attraction, and at whose entrance every one involuntarily rose to their feet to do him honour, is, as all know, a great sufferer, and yet, where would one see a more genial face, and meet with a more jovial spirit. Mr. Jackson, the President of the Association, is well touched, too, by the hand of time, but of a graver mould; while Mr. Zox and Mr. Fitz gibbon seemed overflowing with frolic. It seemed difficult to believe that this latter white-haired, but almost rollick ing gentleman, is in the habit of evolving periods that vanquish all oral enemies with their dignified pro fundity. All the geniality seemed on the side of age, the young men on the platform were charactised by a look of melancholy or discontent. On the faces of the middleaged the discontent seemed settled, or scepticism or sorrow had banished mirth; but the old pioneers, it wan good to look at them, if only to see how some have been able to draw sweetness even from lives that have had their lines cast in the wildest and roughest instead of pleasant places. The old magic is in Mr. Coppin yet, and after the first few sentences the mellow voice re-asserted its charm, and the audience were soon hanging on his words, laughing as he listed, or heart-stirred by appeal on behalf of the Old Colonists' Home. It was one more of the many "last ap pearances " this venerated colonist has been forced to make, but the last, let us hope, will not be for many years to come. It was good to see Mr. Coppin there, surrounded on the platform by comrades tried and true, and friends of later years as staunch; to see the people press forward to get a band shake, a smile or a word; to hear the cheers that greeted him when he rose to speak, that rang out again as- he concluded, and to feel that so many long years of a longer life spent in the service of his adopted country will be honoured to the last by people and country alike. So much about Mr. Coppin that there is little room for anght else, but Mr. Coppin was the hero of the occasion, and when heroes are about other things must wait. Altogether, however, the Carnival is attractive in appearance. Tae stalls seem well furnished, and for the most part artisticallyarranged. FairPuritane, looking the fairer for the severe fashion or their dress; a group of . turesque and pretty girls in pale green Empire robes, and large black hats, patches on their cheeks, and loveliest of flowers and autumn foliage, mingled with the fair attendants of the Anastral Salon Stall, with white aprons and caps, but none the less attractive for that, and at the "Intellect" Stall, to which Northcote has committed itself, the Italian .costume adled to attractive ness.. Fitzroy Stall was patriotically gay with American stars and stripes, and had the ladies agreed upon uni formity as well as costume, the effect would have been very good. Aa it was it was somewhat marred by individual ideas regarding the costume being carried into effect. The draping of the stall has been well carried out by Mrs. Ackmau, who has gone beyond promise in performance, and there seems every prospect of good business being done. Mesdames Bowman, Tucker, Moran and the. Executive Committee generally, aided by the general, are, here and about, busy. Mesdames Seymour Fergie adi Denton, with fair assistants, seemed successful in making the tea-room generally taking, and all seemed well satisfied with pre liminary flourish of business. The Austral Salon Stall is undoubtedly the most artistic and commodious. The Flower Stall, like it, a part of the City of Melbourne whole, being as for tunate in its human flowers as its natural. The Fancy Stall, inFawkner's House, is most abundantly furnished, the display being as ample as it is" artistic. The rest must be left for another time. 