What People Say. That the share market was inclined to totter a little bit on Saturday. But there was a slightly healthier tone yesterday. ? That the ' ground hunger ' has extended to the south side of the river' and the Two Mile. Tnat two 20 acre leasoa uavn uocu ap plied for in the latter locality, including the old 1 North Phcenix and Golden Crown shafts. That the Geological Department has al ways held that these shafts were not sunk deep enough. ' That a strong financial company should also have plenty of scope and encouraging prospects at the Chatsworth. That the boom has been the means of disinterring some old show3, familiar with the earlier days of the goldfield. That' there has been a good deal of. money-making lately. That some folk have been credited with scoring hundreds and a few still luckier-ones, of thousands. . That some too have got their balance in cash and others on paper. That the Brokers' Association now post their call list on the well- lighted side of the Exchange room. That the list has therefore come, out of darkness into light. That W. Chaplain is the successful tenderer for tho erection of the new State sohool for boys, the price being £1228. That the Municipal Council have given notice to storekeepers that they must not expose their goods ou the footpath. ? ? ? _ ? ; ? — — — ? ? — : — ' That in athletio and other circles Gympie has not fared well of late. - Tliat the Hornet F.C. were beaten by Toowoomba after a gallant effort. That they got an unmerciful licking in Brisbane from the Merfhyrs. : That the beating was rather unexpected in the face of the stand they had made against Toowoomba. Tbat the Gympie Wallaroos were similarly 'downed ' by their Maryborough brethren on Saturday. That the Maryborough ladies also proved victorious against the Gympie ladie3 in the Tennis tournament, held on the Cosmos Club's Courts. ' ~ That previously to this eight Gympie players who fancied themselves at whist had been outplayed by a comparatively young club at Bnodabarg. That the improvements at tho Telegraph Office _ for whioh tenders were accepted some time ago, are now in progress. That gas has now been laid on to the Police barracks, and a lamp erected at the foot of the steps. That this should help those who are hav ing Her Majesty's accommodation forced on them, to see their way. That the Treasury returns for the financial year just ended are very satisfactory, and likewise very creditable to the Govern, ment. That they show that the Government were able to spepd £143,000 more than in the previous year, and yet come out £20,000 to That the usual fishy attempt will probably be made to make people believe that the balances are not genuine: That one political rumor current in Bris bane is that the senior member for North urisDane, as leader or tne a. party m tne Assembly, intends to move a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry. That he hasn't the ghost of a show of carrying it, but it will give him the chance of telling the Hansard reporters of the wonderful discoveries and observations that he made in the course of his trip Home. That at the next General Election there will be quite a crop of candidates for Mat. Battersby's seat. That a Mr. Mair is mentioned as the Labor-in-Politics candidate for the seat. That he was expected to formally start his campaign last Saturday. That he is reputed to have no interest in the electorate and to be by residence an Ipswichian. That in a populous farming district like Moreton, almost adjoining Brisbane, every section in it desiring representation should be able to find a suitable local champion. That possibly the Labor-in-Politics managers think the right to concoct in secret and in the blackness of darkness a political programme for all Queensland, carries with it other rights. That one of these is the right to foist candidates' upon electorates in which farmers and timber-getters predominate. That if this is the case mair's the pity. That it is becoming quite a common sight to see small groups of youths in their 'teens staggering along the public roads in a semi-drunken state late on Saturday nights. That the gratitude and approval of' the general public can safely be promised to the police if they can do anything to stop the production of such pitiful sights. 