RED WARDER OF THE REEF. CHAPTER II.- Conatinfed. The man, doomed to die three days hence, was not handcuffed. But a pair of strong though light irons, with a two-foot chain between them, confined his legs. Since his convic tion the prisoner had altered nothing from the same sulky indifference that had characterised his manner through out. R~ejecting with scorn the minis tration of the chaplain, he either lay in his hammock dozing or sat, as now, on the little wooden shelf fixed to the wall, and with that evil.looking, hair less, pallid face rosting on his hands, watching in a crouched attitude through half-cloased iyes the ceaseless pacing of the warder. The latter, a young Englishman not long joined the force, had, when occasion offered, been able to do several little kindncoses to the convict whose position, as one for whom lifoe was getting so terribly short, aip pealed, in spite of his crimes, to a heart yet unhardoened by much experi ence of prison sights and scenes. For the past few days he had suffered much from toothache, and even now his jaw was bound with a flannel bandage. Also, when he had ro lieved the last guard he had casually mentioned to him the fact of his having procured leave to go into the town that night and have the tooth drawn. His watch was nearly over only another half hour or so more when, passing the condemned cell, he saw something that drove all other thoughts out of his mind. With a g'urgling, choking sound, his legs apparently drawn up clear of the floor, Ucmbo was hanging by a saddle-strap he used as a belt from one of the iron hooks from his ham mock. An oldee hand might have paused a moment, for, never until now had the prisoner shown the least in clination towards suicido, mouthing, indeed, with many oaths, his deter mination to 'die game.' But Ashton, laying aside his rifle, hurriedly pushed back the patent spring of the wicket, and in his eagerness almost tumbled into the cell. He had better have entered a tiger'e. In a second the murderer was upon him with the whole weight of his long, lithe body bearing him down, and the sinewy hands gripping his neck. like a vice, and throttling the life out of him even before they fell. At last, rblaxing his fierco grasp, the prisoner rose and kicked heavily at the motionless thing that, with wide-open mouth and protruding eyes and tongue, stared blankly at him. Then, giving a grunt of satisfaction as he saw that his work was complete, he searched the dead man's pockets, and, seoon finding what he sought, unlocked his logirons. Then, peering into the corridor, he listened intently. But not a sound broke thie silence except the purring of a distant dynamo. He, long ago, had heard the report of the nine o'olock gun froee the battery on Flagstaff Hill, and knew that he had, therefore, not much time to spare. -apidly and thoroughly he went about hi's buiness; until, oneoo again, a sontry with mufied face and shouldered rifle paced slowly up and down, pausing every now and then to glance into the cell where, over one side of the straining hammock, a glimpse could be gained of a manacled leg. Suddenly his eye was oaughtby a white, square object on the floor of the cell; and, re-entoring, he careless ly picked up a card and threw it into the hammook. If he had but known ! OHAPTER III. A nx n'ova o?? nnudoz. 'Och; be jabors, mo poor man, an' is.ut so bad agin, thin ?'Ay, shuro, I soee the brute's there all roight. Bodad, an' the sunor 1his neck's stratched the suner we'll be at pace agin. Now af wid yeo, an' git the rotten thing out.' T•hus Relief.Oonotablo Sullivan to the man with his swoahithed face in No. 4 corridor, who, peaked cap drawn over his brows, and .handkerchief to his month, neemod able to do nothing but shake his head and groan, whilst pointing to the cell in token that all was well with his charge. Along the passago and down some stairs, and through another passage, all brilliantly lit, wont the sham con stable, one hand to his face, grasping his rifle with'tho other. At the end of the last passage was a covered yard, at the farther side of which he could see the great iron entrance-gate of the gaol, through whose bars a big, round, white moon seemeud to glare inquisi-. fivoly, so closo she looked. Aud now the road to freedom appeared clear; and, by instinct, depositing his rifle in the arm-rack on the .loft hand of the half-way, he turned towards the little open gate to the right of the main entrance, alwvays barred, this latter, except to admit the prison van 'Black Maria.' • But one. does not got out of Port Ehdeavour Gaol so easily-bound or free! The Governor, an old army colonel-martinet, and, therefore,, in the rgardl of his men, faddist--saw to that. Thus, as the escaping felon toepped to the wiloket, coolly exultant, and snifling the fresh night air with all the eagerness of one long confined, a man i suing from tihe lighted guard house said : ' Haullon, Ashtonl Off to have it out ? Well, it's the only oure. Give me your pass till I clook you,' and he extended his hand. The cold sweat started in beads from the other's forehead as, to gain time, he mumbled indistinctly, and groped with one hand in his pockets for the thing that now flashed mnto hib mind with fatal cortainty was not there. Idiot, ass, that he wasI The card, doubtless, that he had pulled out of the fellow's pookot with the key of the irons, and neglecting to even glance at, had thrown into the ham mock ! ' Loft it in your room, oh ?' queried the other, jokingly. ' Well, my son, you'll have to find it, tooth or no tooth. It's worth my jacket .to lot you out without it. Now, then, off you go and got your ticket.' That, however, was more than even he dare do; although, for a moment, the thought ooourred to him to return and hill. Sullivan, and then possess himself of the pass lying on the dead body in the hammock. But he was now unarmed. Sullivan was a big, powerful man. No, plainly, there was nothing for it but a dash. Where he stood was somewhat in shadow. Even now, Sullivan might have taken it into his head to have a look at his prisoner. He could hear steps approaching. The constable on dutywas, too, he thought, eyeing him suspiciously. In a second his resolu tion was taken. From the shadow of the porch he might still have made a dart, preserving his incognito, his escapade set down to pain, and the knowledge that he had lost his pass. All these alternatives flitted across his brain in a space of time mea sursable by a dozen heart-beats. tealising that his case was desperate indeed, all the old murderous bravado rose up strong and fierce within him. He began to aco red. Armed, he would have killed the man who stood there in his path, as he had so lately killed the other one. Sud denly, tearing off his bandages and pushing his cup away from his eyes, he thrust a distorted, furious face into the light. The guard stopped back appalled, and the next minute a crashing blow from the other's fiat sent him reeling to the ground. Another mirnuto, and the murderer was through the gate and specdirg along the road to the town, ankle deep in powdery dust that rose in whito clouds into the white moon light. Zip, zip, ping, ping, came the bul lots, as the men on the watch-towers fired at the flying form, whilst the great bell rang out sharp and quick; and hurrying, half-dreesed warders snatched up their Martinis and ran, firing as they went at the pillar of dust ahead. Ping, ping, ezz, erzz ! How the bullets hieed and whistled past him down the hill, kicking up little splotches of dust far in front! And how that infernal bell rang! :He hated bells! Always had done so, since the old days at Arawatta home. stead, when a boy, at the call of one, he rose at dawn to tramp through the wet grass after the station saddle. horses. If over he owned a elstation, he'd take good care to have a night horse kept in. Ah! that was a hit ! He could feel the blood running down his log into his boot. If he only had hold of the fellow that fired the shot ! He did not in tho least know where he was making for, never having been at the port before, nor, indeed, any where except "Out back;" but still he kept going, and still the bullets sang pnast him and pecked at the dust ia front. The way lay all down hill. In front of him he could see the har hour, and the masts of "the shipping, olear in the moonlight. Behind him he could hear the muflod tramp of many steps. He felt weaklr, and stag gored once or twice. All at once he became aware of shouts coming to wards him. But by this he was at theo foot; of the steeoop desucet, on the brow of which was placed the gaol. To the right the road wound towards the hoeart of the town. To the left, dloee to the sea-beach, were some sheds and yards, stacks of timber, jetties, and a small coaster or two. Dust was rising ahead, evidently from police or townspeople aroused by the firing, and bell-ringing, and hastening towards the gaol. It was worse than useless to go on. The rifles wore quiet noe. Where he arouched, in a shadow of a paling fence, his pursuers could not see him. A storm, too, was coming up, and black clouds were already throwing their reflection on the white ground. Rising, he crept along the fence, till, finding a brolken paling, he tore it out and squeezed through. He was in a yard; a long shed from which rose a chimney tookl up one side. Thore was a smell of hot iron and fresh paint in, the air ; his feet crunched cinders. Itight against him loomed a big, curiouely.sghaped mass whose possible use puzzled him as he limped into the shadow of it, and gave it a moment's vague speou lation, whilst heavy rain-drops splashed hollowly on its iron skin. At the height of his shoulder was an aperture big enough for him to got through, and so into the belly of the thing. He could hear his pursuers oursing the gloom at the other side of the fence. Just as well in there as anywhere else! And putting all his strength into the effort he drew him self up by his wrists until he got his head in; and then, holding on by a cross-stay, he wriggled his whole body through. Ho was a tall man; but swinging from the stay he could tonouch no bot tom. Deciding to lot go, he, hoive'rr, only had .to drop some throe feoot. And wheroever he sat he sat on a slope; a matter that seemed so funny to him that he laughed aloud, whilst the lightning flashed and the thunder roared, and the tiopical rain fell in streaming shoots over his refugo-e kept dry by reason of the entrance being on the under side. The inces sant lightning illumined his cavern continuously, enabling him to discover that his wound was not serious-a bullet had passed through the fleshy part of his thigh; and tearing up a Irerchief he found in the pooket of the constabulary tunio, he coon extempor ieed an cffiient bandage. In another poooket he came aoross a plug of obnaeeoo, of which, taking a good chow, he lay back and stolidly awaited what fortune might have further in storo for him. CHAPTER IV. THIE "MOORINO OF TIE LWA.DER." In spite of his wound, which smarted, Combo Carter slept until awakened by voices at the mouth of his shelter, where Sam Johnson and a group of his men wore conversing. 'It's the most extraordinary thing Iever heard of I' remarked Johnson. 'He's disappeared as it he was a ghost.' 'The storm did it,' said another. ' He got away under cover of that, with the traps closo at his heels.' 'But whore to ?' asked a boyish voice. 'The police swear they were close to him when the storm broke just near our fence here. I wouldn't have him eccripe for the worth of my right hand! I can't help fancying yet, ho's planted rome where about the waterside. If you don't mind, Mr. Johnson, I'll just have one more look.' 'Look and welcome, Master Strat. ton,' replied the owner of the foundry. ' But every corner's been turned upside down, and no sign. I believe, myself, he's collared a boat and is out at sea by this time.' At the name of Stratton the hidden listener had pricked up his ears. Could this be the son of the bank manager that he had shot, after kill ing his father? It was funny if such should be the case., And he was not left long in doubt. 'Poor young chap,' remarked one of the men. ' I know his father well, store that brute Combo did for 'im. Plugged the kiddy, too, didn't he, boss ?' 'Wounded him badly,' replied Johnson. 'HBis mother wanted him to take a billet in the bank after he came out of the hospital. They offered him one at occe, but he couldn't bear the notion. So they apprenticed him to me. Smart and handy he's turned out, too. Did moet of the work on the Red Warner here, besides drawin' the plans for him. Now, lads, some of you go up to the Marine Storeyard and get the trolly to put the Warder on. They're going to take him out in the afternoon, as soon as poor Ashton'e buried.' ' Yes, decidedly,' thought the mur deror, hardly able to repress a chuckle, as he crouched away from the circular globe of light, ' it was funny that the son of the man he had shot because he wouldn't put up his handswhenordered should have been the one to have the biggest share in building this splendid hiding-place. No one would over dream of searching in there. That was evident. At nightfall he would come out, and, if he could but steal a horse, he might yet be able to snap his fingers at them all. And they were, apparently, going to take the thing he was in away somewhere. Up country; perhaps on the railway. Likely enough it was a sort of new fangled tank for use on a station; maybe to dip sheep in. If they'd only drop a bit of tucker in, he'd be fixed right up to the knooker. But, failing that, the bacca'd have to stand him.' So ran the villain's thoughts, as already in his mind's eye he saw himself once more free, and back again in his old haunts, or even farther out-right across to the Territory. By-and.bye, he heard a voice close to the hole say : ' No news P' 'None,' was the reply, in the same youthful tones which he resognised as young Stratton's. 'Port Endeavour's been searched from top to bottom without success. Now a party has gone inland, and another one down the harbour along each shore. I came back because I thought the Warder's lid was a trifle big for the slot, and I knew the Board people wouldn't cars about being kept waiting now they've got their moorings ready at the reef.' Then there was a sound of chipping as of a cold chisel upon iron, and, presently, something was clapped into the man-hole, fitting . so closely as to show not the faintest gleam of light.' Suddenly the buoy was rolled over, shaking and bruising its occupant considerably, and causing him to mutter deep ourses as ?he picked himself up and sought vainly for something to hold on to. The dark ness was intense, and the heat, on gendered by the sun beating on the iron plates all the morning, grew almost unbeatrable now that the only opening was closed. In desperation, the wretch slipped off his clothes and lay naked upon them, with the hot iron burning his skin wherever it touched. All at once he felt.that his shelter had been lifted up bodily, and was moving. The heat grew fiercer, and the sweat poured off him like rain. But he set his teeth and suf fered it. Presently he felt the thing he was in moving with a new motion. Swimming through the air, this time; whilst a dim rattle came to his oars. This was when thewarder was being hoisted on to the Marine Board tender Thetis, Captain Haynes; and the rattle was the noise of her steam winch. It grew somewhat cooler now. But, presently, another and an altogether novel motion puzzled him. He had certainly pever experienced anything likeo it before. It was not that of a railway. And what could be making him pant so distressfully, and draw his breath with such diificulty ? Air, air, in Heaven's name ! Ho fumbled vainly about in the inky blackness for the lid he lid he had seeon them put on, bruising his fingoa and tearing his nails against clenched rivets. But he had lost all sense of locality, and kept groping upwards for the manhole when it was, in fact, under his feet. Nor would it have availed him any could he have found it-oun ningly turned and slotted, and esulked with red lead and, oakum, already as hard as adamont. Denser and denser grew the atmo sphero; his breath camo and wont in wheezy pantings. There was a weight as of tons pressing on his chest, and his heart hit his ribs like a hammer. For, perhaps, the first time in his lifo terror came upon him. Where was he? What was being done to him ? And ss he staggered here and there, bruisod and bleeooding, against the hot sides oe his prison, gasping for breath, all at oneoo his feoot touched the murdered constable's handouffs that, together with his bolt, he had put on years ago-it seemed-in gaol. Picking them up, he battered with all his feeble, sobbing might against the iron plates of the dreadful trap in which he had been snared. Suddenly the thing changed its position to an upright one, and he fell headlong to the bottom of it and lay thero doubled up, the burning heat of his body turned in a moment to chilling cold; his chest felt as it it were bursting, and strange, flaming shapes rushed hither and thither be fore his staring eyes. The dismal tolling of a bell, too, in his oars I Ah, how he hated bolls! . . Ding dong.dongding I . . Now he knew . . . They lad hanged him at last That was the prison bell . . . He wasn't quite dead yet, though. . . . Swinging at the end of the rope... . O.Curse them all I' 'Didn't you fancy you heard some thing rattling and knooking when we lowered the warder over the side, Haynes ?' asked the president of the Marine Board as the Thetis steamed homewards from the Cat and Kittens. 'Rivet heads and an odd bolt or two,' replied the skipper, shortly, cast ing a look back to where the great red buoy swung well out of the water, rooking and nodding to a .westerly crosseaswell, whilst to their ears came very distinctly the eullen booming of the bell.--Staund Magazine. 