Good=will to Men. We wish our people, and, in fact, every body else, a Merry Christmas. If there bo a time of the year when general gladness should prevail, and when all the petty differences that mar human relations should be set aside, it surely is the anniversary of our Lord's nativity. In the hurry and bustle of business the m'p.n.t, hnrifl nf hmnn.n hrnt.Vifirbnnd ia n/nf; ? ? — ? — 'tr- io be forgotten, and in the hard struggle for existence, which, unfortunately, is the experience of many, it is too often bitterly denied. Few, however, are capable of resisting the softening, humanising influences of Christmas time and Christmas thoughts. Which ever way we read the sacred record — whether it be, ' On earth peace and good- will to men,' or 'on earth peace to men of good- will,' it makes very little difference in the essential character of the message. It is still a love ladened, joy-inspiring breath from the paradise of God, which ought to, and -which we believe does, bring fresh ^supplies of sweetness, hope, and healing into a redeemed but still sad and ^suffering world. To Christians the ?present season is, of course, something .more than a public holiday. Though ? there is no reason why spiritual glad ness should not sometimes express itself in rest from usual toil and in some forms of earthly enjoyments, the pre sBnt season is not simply a time for indulgence even of innocent desires. It is a great Christian festival, and should be preserved from deterioration into a mere holiday. Tears ago, Christmas Day was a sacred day. Our ?churches were filled with worshippers, ;and resounded with songs of gladness ; and we cannot believe that it is in the ?lntoroHfa nf rftlimmi t.Vin.t, nnlYlin wnrRhin ?should be eliminated from this world wide festival. This year, of course, -Christmas Day falls on the Sabbath, and so far as Christian people are eon deemed, that fact will necessarily link it -with worship, but it is more than probable that multitudes of persons will turn their pleasures into sin by a secular celebration of the birth of Christ when \--they ought to be reverently worshipping Him in His sanctuary. Now during the present season the ?Church is specially reminded of its privileges, and of the duties it owes to the un- christian world. Two great -facts are inseparable from a christian .and intelligent conception of an appro priate celebration of our Saviour's ad vent. The first is the wonderful message -which announced to men the divine purpose of the Incarnation, and the second is the actual appearance, life, ;-aud work of the historical Christ. The -thoughts of God towards our race had ? many times been revealed to men 'through Patriarchs and Prophets, but -never before had the heart of the J Divine Father been so gloriously and so graciously expressed as in the rsong which the angels were sent -?to sing above the hills of Judea. And despite the deafening clamour of -every unpeaceful force, which for two ? thousand years has wrought turmoil and -destruction amongst men, the peace foretelling and love-inspiring cadences ? of that message from heaven have floated through the ages, filling the imagination -of youth with wonder, and the heart of the matured saint with benediction. 'The message, however, had its fullest : interpretation and pledge in the Divine 'Child whose tender throbbing heart . already beat responsive to the heart of His human mother. The Divine Father . had not only sent a message, but He had ^sent it with and in His Son. The historic Christ became not only the -.pledge, but the revelation of God's good 1 will, and the bearer of peace to a troubled world. How He revealed that ' good will,' and the nature of the peace He .gave, and still gives to His trusting ? disciples, many of our readers well know. Now these two great facts lie at the foundation of all true Christmas ?festivity. If the Church in a spiritual . sense commemorates with thanksgiving ? the nativity of the ' blessed Lord, its : rejoicing is the echo of the angel's song, ? but witli the added sweetness and confi dence which have been imparted by the Spirit of Christ, by whom the Church '.has been redeemed and into whose fellowship it has been brought. Every ? enlightened Christian of to-dny centres !his confidence and love on the historic ?Christ. In Him he has realized the -fulfilment of the angelic message, and J enjoys the love of God, shed abroad in his heart by the Holy Ghost given unto him. Now, it is the privilege of the Church, and of every individual Chris tian, so to celebrate the advent o£ Christ, that the festival will become an unfailing spring of spiritual delight and power. And for this we plead. In the interests of the Church of God, and of our own beloved section of it, let us strengthen our faith and enliven our zeal by renewed homage of heart to the living Saviour, and by presenting to Him the gold, frankincense and myrrh of our material treasures. But while we avail ourselves of our privileges at this festive season let us not forget our duties to the unchristian and impeni tent. We, of all the Churches, profess to believe in the drawing, healing power of christly lives. It certainly is neces sary that Christ should be preached in our pulpits. He must be ' lifted up ' there or He will not ' draw all men ' unto Him. But He must be preached by the simplicity, loveliness, purity and sincerity of every christian life. If we all, pastors and people, exhibit practical proofs of Christ's indwelling, the world will ' take knowledge of us.' They will 'see and fear and turn unto the Lord.' With these thoughts as the bases of our desires we wish every reader of the Methodist ' A Merry Christmas.' While the Parliament has Lone Hours. been attempting to legis late to shorten the hours of labour to shopassis tants and others, it has set a woeful example in the long hours it has itself observed. Sittings of 14 hours' duration have been the rule within the last fort night ; and on Saturday last the Assembly achieved an innings of over 30 hours duration. If, under these circumstances, the business of legislation is unwisely done and injustice perpe trated in some directions, there will be little cause for wonder. No Parliament can be in a fit state to do justice to the solemn and important functions pertain ing to it under such conditions. The country now pays its legislators, and they are expected to do its business wisely and calmly. Far better that the House should have adjourned, to meet again after Christmas, than that such a strain should have been put upon every one concerned as we have witnessed within the last week or two. Some refreshingly frank 'pea statements were maae Dy Confession, members of a deputation to the Chief Secretary on Monday last. The object of the depu tation was to secure Government action in suppressing betting on the Sydney Cricket Ground at the ensuing Cycling Carnival. Amongst the gentlemen who spoke were some prominently identified with sport, and especially with horse racing. We fancy we have seen the names of some of these in connection, with gambling prospectuses. Mr. T. H. Hassall, M.P., said it was 'im- possible to provide honest, legitimate sport for young men unless the authori ties assisted to suppress gambling.' Mr. Mackay, M.P., testified that ' bet ting had never done any sport any good, but had done infinite harm.' Mr. W. A. Holman, M.P., averred that ' scul ling, foot-racing, and other manly sports had been killed by betting in the past.' Other speakers made statements equally as strong. And yet some of these men would legalise betting, and invest gambling with a halo of sanctity by putting in the totalisator as a machine for aiding the charities by a commission of its proceeds. We are thankful for the testimony borne to the unadulterated evil of gambling, and are glad the cyclists have prayed to be deliverey from it. 