St. John's E.C. Boys* School. THE MARIST BROTHERS. A meeting of thu pariBhioneri of St. John's Cathedral was held in the Boys' Schoolroom yester day afternoon. His Lordship tbe Bight Re 7. Dr. Dtvyer, Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland, presided. There were about forty gentlemen present, includ ing Fathers Gleesoo, HcAuhffe, B.A., and McCor mtek. An apology was tendered for the abeence of Mr. J. Thompson, J.P. Tho object of the meeting, as explained by hiis Lordship, whb, in the first place, to approve or otherwise of the establishment of tbe Marist Brothers, to welcome them to tbe parish, and to arrange for their support while they remained here. The introduction in |the diocese of the Brothers as teachers bad received the approval of Dr. Murtay and himself, and it was a matter of tbe deepest concern for tho parishioners. Apart from any financial considerations, the bringing of them to Maitland was in a sense a crowning of the life work of Dr. Murray. Tbe Brotherhood gave every promise, that the work which their venerated bishop had curried on so well for more than an ordinary life-time, would be continued not only for the benefit of the present generation, but for these who were to come after them. He felt sure when the Catholic people realised what the advent of the Marist Brothers in the diocese meant that they would enter into the movement for their support heart and soul. They were all agreed on the nucuesity tor supporting Catholic education, not by talking about it, but by acting, and in doing their best to bear the expenseof tho education fund. At present there were no funds for tbe support of schools or colleges, and there waa nothing to do but rely upon the faith and generosity of tbe laity for the financial support of what they con sidered necessary for education. The arrangements vanie with the three brothers who are teaching at St. John's School was a premium of .£50 each, and their support iras to be paid for an the rate of £60 a year. If the school was not so close to the college a house would have to be provided and furnished for them the same as at Newcastle, but the people were at preEent exempt from this. Them must be a general subscription amongst the parishioners. The school fees were vory small. Last yoar they were only a little over JC50 given for the education of upwards of a hundred boys. So thi-t tho fees themselves would not be nearly sufficient to Bupport the brothers, and he asked the meeting to make some arrangement whereby the amount required might be subscribed. Mr. M. Murray, J.P., proposed tho first resolu tion as follows — ?? That this meeting of the parish ioners of St. John's Cathedral Parish approves of the action of the Coadjutor Bishop, in placing the Boys' School in tbe hands of the Muriat Brothers, and pledges iteelf to support his action in every way that may be necessary.' He said since the passing of the Education Ace Catholics bad very heavy dif ficulties to encounter, not only in having toaupcort their own schools, but in being also taxed to keep up the Public Schools. Tbe Maitland. dioceBO felt tbis more than other dioceses, because they had to pay secular teachers, and heavy debts were accru ing over their heads. The religious orders had always been looked upon as a great assistance to the Church, more especia'ly whon education had been secularised and taken out of tho hands of tbe Church. Tho opinion of a high authority quoted was ' The. watchful providence of God over his church perhaps in no one inatanco so advantageously appears as in the institution of religieus orderB, Those orders are a kind of sacred militia, embodied by a special call of the Holy Ghost, to edify and assist the church in her spiritual warfare. By them the exercieo of primitive piety is constantly main tiined, tbe evangelical counsels are devoutly fol lowed, and the promotion of God's honour is made their sole occupation of life.' In regard to this order of Mnrist Brothers it was well- known from reports in tho newspapers and from tbe various meetiugB of the colleges at the Christmas distri bution of. prizes that tbe order was a very dis tingnished oso as a teaching order and belonged to tho first rank. It waa but eighteen years since the first school was started in Sydney by the Marist Brothers with four pupils. la a year tho number of pupils increased to twenty and in the following year .the roll, numbered 122, while, at tbe present time they had 1800 pupils on their College rolls'. Ho referred to tho success of the students1' in the public exams. They began to go up from the College in 1831, and since they had been rijpreBented nt the University every year. In nil 70 candidates bad matriculated from St. Joseph's Col logo, Hunter's Hill (completed at a cost of .£12,000) while 121 passed the senior and 322 tbo junior public exaun. Among those who matriculated, 52 did so with honours in mathe raufcios and languages, 13 being first-class, Students of this college, had also gained nearly £1000 inscholanships, At the Olvil Service exams, racently initiated by the Public Service Board three candi dates passod, one first and another being third. These examinations were competitive, and in Rome sub jeots wcra nearly in lino with the senior University examination, wbilo success carried with it immediute appointment in the civil service at a salary to begin with of M0 a yoar. This was a splendid evidence of the success of the brothers in Sydney, and that meeting would certainly have no difficulty in giving its approval of the action of the Coadj utcr Bishop in introducing thorn to the parish. Mr. M. P. Maheh, J.P., seconded tbe resolution, and said the purlehionors were under a debt of gratitude to his Lordahip for bis praiseworthy action. Ono way of showing sympathy and on doraeraent of that action would be by each one subscribing towards tho maintenance of the BrothurR, who as a teaching order had praotically no superior. Tho resolution was put and oavAol unanimously Tho second resolution was proposed by Mr. F. Herrmann as follows : — 'That in order to secure t.ho funds necessary for establishing' tho Marist Brothers in St. John's boys' school, and for their regular maintenance, a committoo bo formed con sisting of tho following gentlemen, with power to add to their number :— Messrs. Michael Murray, M. P. Mahor, Thomas Moylan, R. Bailey, George Maher, John Post, J. F. O'Brien, John Walsh (Dn« worth), Joseph Fanoll, F. Herrmann, Dr. W. D. Power, and J. Kennedy.' Tho motion wrs seconded by Mr. Geo. Maiieu, J.P., supported by McBsrs. CirAs. Hayes and J. Kennedy, and carried. Dn, Power, J.P., proposed ' That aaubaaription list bo now opened,' This was seconded by Mr. Jas. Moylan, nnd carried by each one putting his hand in his pooket and giving a subscription. At the clopo of the mooting Dr. Dwyrii announcod that over £00 had baen subscribed, inoludiug tho following amounts 1 — J. 9. Riitnoy JE5 Ga, M. P. Muhor, J.P., wCB 5b, E. Koiily £5, M. Murray, J.P., JJ5, Dr, Power, J.P., £H 3s, J. Konnedy £Z 3a, Goo. Maber, J..P, Jas, Moylan, Frank Herrmann £2 2s each; P. O'Rourko £2, a friond jC2, nod Mrs. W. Clift and Jaoob Smnll £1 la each. A vote of thanks. to his Lordship tho Bishop for presiding wns oarried by acclamation. Tho oommittoo hold a meeting afterwards, and mnde urrangomonts for a thorough oanvaa of the pariah. # 