HANNAH PURVES FIRST AND ONLY LOVE. BY NELLIE BROWN. The hill road was very lonely. SIt stretched, white as chalk, between the unfenced moorland for miles, broken here and there by a rough group of Whins, or diving into a belt of firs, set as close as bristles in a brush, and af fording no glimpse of even the n honday sun to the scantily-mossed ground nnderneath. The great bare hills of the Laonmermoors succeeded each other, ith the samne swell of green he-ther, coarse rtss, and black whins as far as the ey-e could reach. Hannah Purves C?ome to her door to :shake the cover of the dresser. She ?vs- tidying the best roon-she did not weary of dusting it over and over--i was occupation, She was a rather plain woman, and sallow, and her hair dr?essed in an oId- fashloned way added -give apparent iears to her age. Being at the door, she stood and look ed. The pee-wits shrilled and wheeled *n the slope to the left, by the roadside ro the right the sheep nee aimlessly Oongregating and separating. The deep. sunlight brooded over everything. Far down on the road a speck moved and crawled. Hannah watched it for a few moments, and went back into the 'house. After the glare of the sunlight, the hoom wa salmost dark, for the window was crowded with geraniums, and their broad leaves turnled edgtways to the ieght,r blocked the, panes, and all their big trusses of blossom, scarlet, Pink ,and white, leaned in the same di section, hungry for the sunlight. She '.spread the white cloth on the p0olished `-'bureau; 'and bega'n to Jepilcj`,tlte'ornaA mnents, which sh had set oi;i'the centre table- the white china dogs, the old sil ver lustre teapot without lid,the red hen with a slit in her back for pennies. She wiped each mechanically, slowly, and put it methodically into the place it had occupied. There was a faint cry from the next -room, followed by a. few feeble knocks with a stick, Hannah hastily set down the red hen, and went through to the kitchen. Everything inl the kitchen was .also spotlessly clean: but there was an atmosphere of suffocating heat, and a sickly smell from the pot of pig's meat boiling on the fire. An old woman, in a clean, stitS- starched white cap, sat in. a. chair at the side of the fire. She was helpless with age, and crippled from the consequences of a paralytic shock; her face, wrinkled and drawn, but -still alert, seemed the only thing llving about her. bIn one of her big, weak-knotted hands she held an oaken stick, with which she rattled on the floor to attra ctHannah'Is atten tion. . "What o'clock is't, Hannah?" she a.sked, querulously. '"ust aboot, three," answered Han yah "Are ye no through w ' that room "'es, I'm dune." She lifted tie heavy pit, and set it to one side. "Are ye onaryn"t on ye're tea, granny? I'll hing on the kettle--it'll be boilln' sune." "I dinna ken what I'm wearyin' on," sittd the old woman, in tre thin, ?vague ly fretful tones of age. "D'ye ree nae thing o' your brother?" "He canna be hame yet," said Han "If he no gets spree'd again," said the grandmother. "There's nae use meetin; sorrow half -ay," said Hannah, quietly. She lifted Sher stocking, and beganto knit. - he kitten emerged from below . the table, bumped its back, and made a clutch at the wool. There was a rap at the door. _ "Dinna open it, Hannah; it's some seekin' body, and we're two lone wee -min," said her grandmother. "I'll see whae it is," said Hannah. She peered out of the window, keeping carefully behind the curtain. Then fhe fell back a step, white as a ghost. "The minister?" hazarded \frs Purves. "Walit a meenit; it's a man I ken," SHannah. :-She breathed hard;. and looked strangely scared. But as the rap was repeated she went to the door, and opened it. S"Weel, here am I," said the perspiring man on the threshold. 'I telled ye I was comin' to see ye-some day." "qYe've ta'en your' time," said Hannah, a little drily. "That's five year since." "No that, surely. Hold on, I want to r peak to ye--' "But come in and sit doon," said Han sah, relenting. "This is my granny. Granny, this is Mir Glennie-I dinna ken •f I..ever spoke to ye about him-we got acquent when I was in service." Mrs Purves eyed him suspiciously with her vividt dark glance, as he step ped in swmeltering and wiping his forme bead, with mingled embarrassment and h.eat." "'I was through tis way," he said apologetically. "I thought Hannah- ,iHsS Purves--would excuse me glen' her a cry in. -I hope ye're weel, mem." This .with .an evident desire to propitiate. "'Just meddin',"' said the old woman, '"We've a right to be thankfau'--but I'm saw mu' frail." "Ahnd hoo are ye a'?" asked Hannah, Pith a faint monitory emphasis on the last word. She had remained standing, and preserved a cold severity of mien. wThe stranger suddenly turned purple. "She's been ta'en awa," he said. "I medna'" make nae secrets frae you. It was the drink did ito . .o-eoman, ye dlnna ken what a life I hae had. There's a little ane tae.. . A cripple, puir taed. . It's mither let it fa, whenl she wasna' right. . I hae ha'en an awru' life . . an awlfu' life."h "Ye needna speak aganinst her now, Onyway,' said Hannah, in the same grim monotone. "Hannah, ye might gie the man a orink o' milk," interrupted the old woman, who, only haf-hearing the words, and not at all comprehending ahem, yet took pity on his heated look. S"Dianna fash," urged Alec Glennie. "Oh, I wasna thinking," said heanah. She went into the back recesses of the house and retutrned with a glass of -reaming milk on a tray. "It's raile kind, but I rwasna' heedin'," saLsd Glennie, as he took the tumbler. "It'll take the steer oot o' your throat," said Mhrs Purves. "I think I'll be gaun," said the visi tor. "Will ye speak a meenit, Hannah?" he added in a lower key, whilehe shook -hands with the invalid. -" - "! "Idinna think it ser's," said Hnnah, but she went with him to the door. "'Ye ken what it means - me comin' here," he said, anxiously scanning her •ale, set face. "I haine some notion." "Wile ye-ill ye look owre 't?-I keti I no used ye weel-- will ye marry me * "No," said Hannah, clearly but de cidedly. "'Inu couldna make up my mind to face ye again; but I put'on the resolution. I can gle ye a hame--ye'ed be g-id to the helpless wee crter--and I aye like ye, tuanna, though I was infatuate " \- "There's nae use gaun back on auld stories," said Hannah. "I hae a helpless enough crater to look after here. I'm mnuckle obleeged to ye." She closed the door, and he stood stupidly staring at, the handle in h?umiliation and anger for a few moments. The pee-wits screamuned and wheeled; the vast silence of the moor land mocked them. For a moment he meditated on knocking again-then he turned and heavily descended the road. "What was he? what was he wantin' ?" demanded Mrs Purves, insistently. 'I used to ken him," said Hannah. BEut a tear scalded her eyes. In her pride and wrath she had shut the door on the one love of her life. It was some six months later. Mtark Purves came in with a quick'step at an nnexpected time, and his sister, who was stndnfng at the table straining her eyes *ver a sheet of paper, hastily put it away, and replaced the ink bottle in the corner of the press with a confused air, which her brother was too much occu pied to notice. - THannah wore a black gown; the chair by the fire was empty. "I brought up the paper frae Duns," said Matrk, tossing it on the table. "The notice is a' right, but I had to pay a shilling for the deeply regretted." "I'll see it the now when I light the Iarmp," said Ia:tlnah. "Han, what d'yo think o' me gettin' :married ?" usked Mark, abruptly. "Was ye thinkin' o't?" said Hannah, letting her tpaper spill burn her finger in her amazement, not unmixed with dismay, Mark noidded. " Vhae on?" "Liza Colvin owre at Farney Mill." "'Is't settled?" "Lang syne. Only, ye ken, she no cared aboot comin' in to bather wi' her." "I think that's gey hertless- o' ye, Mark." said Hannah, stung into plain speech. "Baith o' ye-just waitin' or she was away. Ye might hae telled me ony w ay." "'Ther was' nae use makin' ye mad," said Mark, coolly. "And ye needna be nmad, yet; it makes nae odds." "And what aboot me?" asked Hannahi, directly. Her brother's selfish eyes fell. "Oh, weel," he said, uneasily, " ye'll no likely be wantin' to bide. Ye'll can get a place, easy enough; it's nae advantage to ye bidin' here." "It's a fine way to treat a body," said Hannah, bitterly. "Ye've just made a tool o' me, Mark-I gied up a guid place, and guid chances, to come here, and I've gotten a' my thanks in no day." "Ye can bide for the term if ye like," said Mark, sullenly and shamefacedly. "I'll speak to Liza." "Ye needna. This is a' her glt-uip. But ye needna concern yersel ahoot me. I ken what I'll dae--and maybe I'll no seek a place either." She thought with secret exultation of the half-written letter in her apron pocket. "Oh. weel, if ye due yersel' a guld turn it'll no hurt me," said Mark, and loung ed out of the house. Hannah took out her letter and looked at it. Alas, she had huddled it by in haste, undried, and it was all blurred and blotted. "I'll write the morn when Mark's oot the road," she decided, and took up the paper. "Puir granny," she thought, "little ye dreamed that sly Lizzie was ready to step into your shoon." She looked at the column which re cords the commencement, the crisis, the close of eventful and uneventful lives. And her heart seemed to stop beating as i she read among the marriages: "At Edinburgh, by the Rev. Ninian Dinwoodie,. Alexander Glennie, to Mary Landells, eldest daughter of the late Walter Keith." She laid the paper down quietly, and sat collecting her stunned thoughts. She j remembered the baker's eldest daughter well-a large, slow woman, with a rather gentle aspect, who since her father's death had attempted a little dressmak-I ing with very doubtful success. "He needit a hoosekeeper; and she needit a hame." she said, half aloud. "I see. And it's my aln blame If it wasna me." She had no resentment; only a dull sense of prospectless rregret. She took out her blotted letter again-a letter to Alec--and her pride gave her a momen tary flash of gladness that she had not sent it. There it was, blur-red and in complete-like life. She put it into the fire, and it flared- then the red sparks ran on the black tinder-there was an end of her romance -and she turned a heavy heart to the column headed, "Wanted, -Domestic Ser vants."-"Illustr.ated Edinburgh N-ews." 