; BROWN, V.C. By MRS. ALEXANDER. Author of "The Wooing o' %" ""ThoFreres," "AXife Interest," "The Crooked Path," &c.; Published bj^epeml arrangement with the Author. Albrights reserved.] PART IV. Chapter XX. When the carriage drew up Valerie sprang out to greet her friend. "So sorry we were not back-sooner. I hope you amused each other. As we were in that direction mother wished to call at the Court, and when I found you had come over here I asked for Gihbs and made her put up a change of raiment for you. Mr. Brown is giving us his last day in Blandfordshire. I am so glad you came over. The general is to bring hack Dr. O'Grady with him. Oh ! you need not worry yourself. I have settled everything •with Lady Hazelhnrst. How cross she i3." While Valerie rattled out this speech Brown had assited Lady Stapylton to alight, and she now welcomed Margaret warmly. Aiter an exchange of commonplaces they went to their respective rooms. "What is the matter with Mr. Brown?' asked Val as she accompanied her friend to her apartment to see that all was in order. " He looks inspired." "Do you think so?'said Margaret stoop ing to pick up her handkerchief which she-had dropped. "Make haste, dear Marge and dress—I hear the general's voice. He is talking to Dr. O'Grady and you know punctuality is the god of his idolatry." '"What dres3 have you brought me ?' asked Margaret anxiously. "Your maid packed up your things. I did not venture to interfere. But all your frocks become you, Marge." '1 am not so sure. Will you ask your Susan to do my hair! That is a thing X can not manage." It was in vain that Hugh strove to steady hi3 nerves. To take a rational view of the situation—every throb of his pulse—and they came strong and fast—seemed to say "She loves me. She loves me." Sometimes in a whisper—sometimes in trumpet tones. He had arranged to leave next day by a train which would take him up to town in time for dinner, as he had an appointment to keep with General Preston on the one follow ing, but now he resolved to take the last train, which reached town at 6 am., and so secnre-a whole afternoon—the last perhaps he should ever spend with Margaret. Perhaps she would walk with him through the woods back to Caresford. What was there about Viim that so dainty and delicate a demoiselle of high degree should love him? And she did. She loved him welL The love light in her great, soft, hazel eyes, tho indescrib able tenderness of ber lightest touch, her • tremulous yielding to his passionate caresses. Ah4 though he was but a soldier of fortune, ' risen from the ranks, he was sweet Margaret Neville's lord and master. ' She could not, or v.ooi j not, say him nay. But she was his ^neen, too—most tenderly reverenced, whose hand he felt scarcely worthy to kiss in spite of the consciousness of his power over her. He felt intoxicated by the wild exultation which filled his heart, that made him forget there was any to-morrow. No, he would not think of the years of uncertainty which lay between him and the possible moment of ecstasy when he could call her "wife." It was not often given to a to taste such joy as his—and he would drink the divine draught to the last drop. The little party had all assembled, save Margaret, when Hugh entered the drawing room. She came in noiselessly a minute or two afterwards weaving a perfectly simple, un trimmed dress of crimson velvet, admirably cut, and suiting her rich brunette coloring. A single row of fine pearls was round her throat. To Brown she seemed most gloriously ap parelled. The delicate outlines of her slender figure showed well in her close-fitting corsage and straight, plain skirt. She seemed not to notice him, butshook hands with the general and O'Grady. Dinner wa3 announced almost immediately, and of course Margaret went in with Sir Hubert, and O'Grady took Lady Stapylton. Everyone was talkative, being more or less excited about Brown's appointment. Tho general knew something of tho district where the new levies were to be raised, having shot tigers there in the days of yore, and had much to say about the country and the people. Lady Stapylton was thankful that their fcien-i would be in a comparatively healthy region, vau enquired as to tne language spoken and the races to be found there. Margaret was very still and silent, and O'Grady deplored the loss of his chum. "Faith, ne'll be a real loss to me, Miss • Neville. Not that he appreciated my merits as he ought—not by any means. It was *C Grady, you gossiping old sinner!' 'O'Grady, you murdering saw-bones !' 'Why don't you put yourself on short commons, O'Grady? you'll not be able to mount that unfortunate pony of yours soon.' Those are the endearing terms in which he addressed his preserver." T deny it all?' cried Brown, laughing; "at times I felt it right to rebuke your favo rite vices. But, doctor, I will say that I shall not soon look upon your like again." "Begad, you aro right there ! Is it sorrow that's bringing you to a knowledge of the truth ?' "Oh, Mr. Brown, doesn't sorrow at all," said "Valerie. "He is delighted to he off to fresh fields of—let us say, of glory." "Amen!" returned the doctor. "You're right. Just look at the eyes of him. Some thing has struck fire to every electric light in the chamber of his soul and ho cannot hide the blaze. What's the illumination for, my boy ?" ."Who knows—perhaps, because my soul .recognises the appearance-of its sovereign." "Which is ambition?' put in Margaret Softly, but very distinctly. "Yes, Miss Neville, the highest ambition a man could have." Valerie glanced keonly from one to the other and smiled. Her mother looked at them and " YommLL the soul 'it,' Mr. Brown," said YhL "I think the soul is generally considered feminine. I don't see how my soul could lie considered feminine, but I should certainly hesitate to-sav 'he' in speaking of it." "I believe those terrible old gentlemen, the Fathers of the Church, considered that angels were always mascnline," said Margaret. " If all they have to offer us in heaven is a collection of well-preserved choir boys, singing and playing on their harps—faith! I'd be inclined to try the other place," said the doctor. "Fm not surprised that Brown is exhila rated," said Sir Robert. "He has got a splendid start, and I will say he deserves it. But you'll have a lot of hard work. Brown, you'll be in the saddle pretty well all day. Your first care will be to secure a couple of good mounts. There was a fellow in Bombay, Tom Law, who knew where to find the very kind of animal yon wanted whatever it might be—provided you'd give the price." Then the talk turned on horses and flowed in that channel for some minutes- till the rail way whistle diverted it. "How near that seems," said O'Grady. "It is really less than half a mile off," re turned Lady Stapylton, "but the wind is set ting this way." "You take the midday train to-morrow, don't you?', said the general, addressing Brown. • " I did intend to do so, hut I think the mid \- night one will do as welL Lshall be in ample time for my appointment with General Preston on Thursday." The ladies then left the _ table, but the separation was very short. Then came music, and Lady Stapylton made Brown sing all the j old favorites. Valerie played his accompani- j ment3 on the violin, and her mother gave them some delightful bal'vis and Volkalieder. Then the doctor, whose^ duties would not let him remain for the nighu, took hisleave. "Must you return to the Court to-morrow?" '..hiopered Brown to Margaret, while the general was saying some last words to O'Grady in aloud tone and laughing at hisown wit. "Yes, Val promised for me." "If it is fine—will you walk—do walk, and let me come with you. I must -speak to you alone. There is only one-day of leave before me." He caught her hand unseen in the dim corner behind the piano. "Yes," she said, low and soft, "andwe-have so much to say. I will not go till after luncheon." Brown pressed her hand to his heart for | asecon d and went to speak to Lady Stapyl-. ton, who called-him. ■ The little party sat talking till nearly mid night before they separated. Yal hesitated at Margaret's door and then went in with her. "Marge—dear Margo! I see that you and Brown V.C. understand each other. Are you not preparing trouble and pain for yourself "Or. perhaps, joy and peace and all guod things." "Then I am right, liut, dear, think, you cannot keep him now ami spoil his career. And a long engagement is sure to bristle with miseries and misunderstandings, especially when half the world will be between you. Margaret, it is too, too foolish. Oh, how sorry I am for Hugh Brown. He is such a tine fellow—so high-minded anu straightforward, and " " Why are you not sorry for me, Val ?" cried Margaret, suddenly throwing Iter arms round Vat's neck aud bursting into tears. "I know it is unwise both for him aud for me, but how can I help myself? It seems liko mere school girl nonsense to say so, but indeed he is my fate. Don't you feel for me, too, \'al?" "I do indeed, but you have many com pensations, Mar„e, while he has nothing—only you." "Do you thing I cannot be constant, Val ? Do you not believe that the man I love will not be all and all to me ? I am not worldly. I am as proud of Hugh Brown's love as if he were a crown prince. He is far abovo me. To be his wife will make mo a better woman—and oh, so infinitely happy. I thought you had a better opinion of me, Val." "Solhaye. I believe you to be as good as gold and as true as steel, but you will have an awful time of worry and opposition and every possible temptation to inconstancy. I would not let any of your people know a word about it if I were you, Margo dear." "I certainly will not. Aunt Haxelhurst is not bad, but she is not my mother. I am entitled to keep my own counsel." "Yes—j'ou are indeed. Marge, why don't you confess your sins to my mother? She would keep your secret religiously—and she is so wise, so kind, to say nothing of her sincere liking for Hugh Brown. A es, do tell her." "I think I may, Val, hut not just now. I am so driven to and fro between pain and pleasure I scarcely know what I am doing or saying. And to-morrow lie will leave us—me,' perhaps for ever." Margaret clung closely to her friend and sobbed bitterly. "Yes, it is very hard to part just as you come to understand each other," exclaimed Val, and proceeded to reason with and soothe the weeping girl. "I must see him again, and alone, Vai," she said. " There is so much to say." "So you shall, dear. Leave it to me. I'll manage," replied Yal, consolingly. "And now you must go to bed, you are quite worn out and will lock a perfect ghost in the morning." This argument seemed to ha ve decided weight with Margaret. Valerie therefore summoned her maid, who soon let down and brushed bliss Neville's long nut- brown tresses, and _ Val having " tucked her up" aud lit a night light, kissed her lovingly and left her to sleep if she could. How strange it was to wake next morning and remember she wa3 betrothed to Hugh Brown. That she had solemnly promised her self to him. That she was her own no longer, aud then to go downstairs to meet him face to face. She hurried through her dressing in tho hope of exchanging a word with him be!ore the rest appeared. And anticipation did not de ceive her ; as she passed a projecting window on the staircase she saw him on the lawn speak ing to Val's favorite collie just in front of the dining-room window. Siie turned into that apartment, which was empty, and was immediately joined by her lover. "Margaret, I have been awake for hours, burning for a sight of—for the sound of your voice. My sweetheart! you are pale aud heavy-eyed. You have not slept, I fear?" "I have slept, but it was long before sleep came." "I fear I have so far brought you more sorrow than joy, my darling. It seems aimo3t audacity to address you so familiarly, and yet how naturally the words come to my lips. And you love me, Margaret ?" "Enough to make parting almost too bitter!" " It will bo fine and dry to-day, thank God, so you will walk homo witli me." Before she could reply Sir Robert was heard calling for his right-hand man—tho hui.lerr.nd valet—so the lovers were at a respectful dis tance from eacli other when he entered the room with a cheery greeting to his guests. An hour after came the colonel's groom with a note inviting Sir Robert to dine at tho mess that evening as O'Grr.dy had told them tiiat Brown had postponed his departure till tho last train and they were going to give him a farewell entertainment. Sir Robert went oti to answer this and being alone with Margaret Brown exclaimed—"I wish to heaven they would leave me alone. I shall have to speechify with my head in a whirl, and my j heart—you know what state my heart will be ' in after tearing myself froin you. Lady Stapylton, too, has asked me to go and talk to ner oeiore ruiicneon—i am supposed to leave immediately after—and I must go to her, she : has been so amazingly kind to me. Yet 1 feel | that my presence sometimes gives her pain— j keen pain. Margaret, my queen, will you; allow me to teil her that I have dared to tell you how I love youj " Or that I have been hold enough to draw j that confession from you," interrupted Mar-: garet with smiling eyes. j "I betrayed myself first. Indeed, I must: have often betrayed mvseli. But, Margaret, ! ifirto :.r, T.Tdv Kfn.rivlt.rmV> Kim) may I confide in Lady Stapylton'{' the i thought a moment and then exclaimed— I "Yes, if you wish it. lam sure you are! wiser than I am ; I will he guided bv you. 1 i wish, oh, how I wish you couid bo always near ; to advise me." j "You will feel stronger every day. > Margaret, and better able to lean upon your-! self. You will start immediately after: luncheon. How intolerably far off that mo- j ment seems." | "Mr. Brown," said Valerie, coming into the j room. "Mother says will you pay her your farewell visit now ':'' And Brown went im mediately. "Do you know, Margaret, that mother is quite up3et about Mr. Brown's departure. Yet she keeps saying it is so much better for him to go away—faraway. There is :io piaee for him here. I think ho will mako a very good place for himself. I do wish you would let ."no >>-11 mother you have promised to marr" U igb Brov.u "As Hugh has the same wish, Val, 1 have agreed to his conlidiug our story ro her, and now I am glad I did. It wiil be a comfort to speak of him with you both. And she wiil not be angry with either or us." "No—perhaps not—hut she will think you unwise." When Hugh joined them at luncheon j Margaret could see that ho had been much j moved. But as the time for setting out o:i their walk to the Court drew near he brightened up. "I am going to see the gardener's little boy, who has been very ill—and so will go with you as far as his cottage," said Valorie, when they rose from tho tabic. Margaret knew that she meant to prevent the appearance of the young chatelaine of Carexford walking away tete-a tete with Brown. I At last they were off. In a few minutes \ Valerie stopped at tho cottage, which was on j the edge of a common intervening between the general's little property and the Guresford; lands. Then they were free—Margaret and her lover—to speak out their whole hearts to each other. Their steps grew siower and slower, and Hugh rapidly sketched the story of his life for her information, eagerly watch ing her speaking face to sec what impression it produced. And he could soon teli that her love for him—her trust in and respect for him were untouched. The reader need not dread tho infliction of a long lovers' duologue, with its tautology and endless recollections of .small incidents, to them of supreme importance. Anyone with average human feeling can imagine it ali. There was a grave intensity in Hugh's tone, a ' passionate earnestness in all ho said which j deeply impressed upon -Margaret that iu! accepting his love she took upon herself a i great responsibility, even while ho insisted, with unseiiish generosity, that she must never) consider herself bound to him an hour after j she felt her engagement a chain that chafed. "And you must he equally free, Hugh," | she said, smiling. " It would tie unfair other wise." "Oh, I shall ask tor my freedom when I want it," he said rallior grimiy. " Meantime, 1 are you going to writs to me, sweetheart V Ij may have that comfort." ; " Yes—yes. ox course. L'o you not think 11 shall want your letters, Hugh'! You must : write me long, long ones—about everything you do and think and wish and hope for." They had now reached the avenue of lime trees and hud sat down on tile grassy bank beside the big stem of one of them where they might be long unobserved by any passers-by. "Your letters wiil be a foretaste of heaven) to me, Margaret. Meanwhile, will you wear • this for my sakelie drew from his waist-' coat pocket a ring and asked her to take off her j glove, when he placed upon her engagement; finger an old-fashioned brilliant ring of the i Marquise shape. "Stay, dear 1" he exclaimed, j "I must show you the inscription inside. Ho! withdrew the ring, and taking it from him she j read the words stmprc l'islc/sa. i " It is a curious ring and a beautiful one. I j wish you had not drawn it off again, Hugh ; it, j is not a good omen." j "Do not trouble yourself on that score, i sweetheart; nothing I give you can bring you ' evil. Margaret, I have worn that ring round ' my neck since I was about 38. It was left for ! me by my mother when she left nie." ! "Do not speak of her, Hugh. I could never! lorgivo her for desertion of yon." "God only knows what straits she may have been in!" "No, nothing can excuso it, finch dear. And now you must wear this for my v, she resumed. "It is tho only suitable Ming I have to give you. The seal t in? of my late uncle—maybe Urn omen ilia! you are to rule in his place. Hugh, dear, it must be growing late—we must go on to the house." "Oh. God ! how shah 1 say good-byeho exclaimed as it to himself. They rose and i slowly paced along till they came very near the semicircular iawn on winch the avenue de ! hunched. I " Von had bettor not come any further," said Margaret. i hate to conceal my en j gagemont with you, hut 1 cannot face the irri tation ofexplainingto my autit now—and as you I must go away it would do us no gocd. And i you say Lady titapylton was very kind*:" I " Infinitely ki.nl and sympathetic. You may ! trust her, I am sure. What! no further': j Must 1 .stop here':" " I am afraid you must." "One last kiss, my dariing—my queen—my all 1 A long kiss—as long as—I like I' j "I love you, and 1 shall always love you," j murmured Margaret brokenly, throwing herself I into h;3 arms and giving herself to the long j impassioned embrace m which he wrapped her [ while she 1'clt the wild throbbing of bis heart i against her breast. At last be released her ! and gazed almost alarmed at iier pallid race, | her quivering lips, her sweet wofnl eves. I Again and again he repeated his farewell kiss till she took courage to dismiss him. "Y'ou must go now, let us not look at each other I again—or we shall not he able to part. Go— my dear love !" "God be with you, sweetheart." To Margaret's relief Lady Hazelhurst was out, so she escaped to her room and had time to compose herself before apiiearing in the dining-room. Fortunately, the county member and his wife, with Mr. and Mrs. Harrington Everard and a very High Church curate of pronounced Conservative proclivities, dined at the Court that day, and the bu?.z of political talk diverted attention from her pale, wau face and absent manner. Never through all the coming years could Margaret forget the night which succeeded. The long, long wakeful hours—the desperate desire to see his face onee more—the sweet memory of his tenderness—the awful vista of three long year3 of separation—all this and more racked and tortured her. At last, worn out with mental anguish, she dropped asleep—a heavy sleep, which lasted long after daybreak. W hen Margaret entered the breakfast-room next morning she was much later than usual, and felt some surprise at finding her extremely conventional aunt in animated conversation with the stately, serene butler. "Yes, niv lady," he was saying, "if it wasn't for stopping at Kendlesbam to have the wheel repaired, instead of shoving in a lother carriage, the train would not have been behind hand and the accident would not have occurred." "What accident':" asked Margaret care lessly. "Oh, a dreadful collision at the tunnel junction," exclaimed Lady Hazelhurst. "The up train ran into a luggage train, and all smashed up. Very few passengers were hurt, fortunately ; but that poor Mr. Brown, who has just had a very good appointment in India, was either dangerously hurt or killed, and carried into the. Lodge, which is, you know, quite near." ( To be continued.) 