[?] BY ALICE J. MUSKETT. ROSES, Roses, Roses. This is in the garden of my heart; it is planted with roses that blossom without ceasing. Sometimes, at twilight, I wander along the winding paths of my own heart, and whisper to the roses ; for when Hi* nurht falls their scent is sweetest. And they bend to me as I pass, and touch my cheek. Then I tell them the thoughts too sacred and tender for my dearest ones, but the roses' know, and their scent grows richer. Sometimes, at noontide, I go weeping to my roses, because life is so sad, and my stumblings so many. Then they whisper to me 'Patience,' 'Courage,' 'Endurance,' and one small pale rose bends down and draws her soft petals across my eyelids and lips, and I am strong once more. Sometimes, again, I go weeping, not for myself but for the pains of others. And I say, ' Oh, my flowers, what can I give ?' They answer, ' Yourself, if you will.' And I say, 'I will.' Then they lean tome as I stand among them, and press against my breast which I bare to them, and my hands which I hold out to them. Sometimes they press so strongly against my flesh that the blood flows, but, when they draw back, their scent clings to my hands and my bosom, so that when a weary head leans on my heart or trembling hands cling to mine, the scent is like balm. Sometimes I go singing to my roses, and a soft breeze blows through my garden, while the flowers sway rhythmically on their stalks, and I dance to the music of their motion, they showering their petals upon ? me. Then I stop, and the roses and I laugh together, and they kiss me on eyes, and lips, and feet, and,, hands, and heart. So we laugh again. Sometimes weeds spring up under the rose bushes, but the flowers fling down their petals, their sweet-smelling petals, till the weeds are smothered. Sometimes, ah sometimes, I go to my garden and the roses hang their heads and are brown and withered. Then I throw myself on the earth and let the thorns tear me as they will, so I lie weeping and sorrowing till the roses bloom again. Once. I took a wrong that had been done me to my roses and they said ' Bury.it. So I dug a hole at the foot of a yellow rose, and laid my wrong deep in the earth. Then the roses leaned to one another so that I could not even see the spot where my wrong was buried. Once in my garden, in the very centre, grew a white rose — one perfect white rose, scentless but beautiful. One day I gathered it and g*ave it away. Then I mourned because I had destroyed my loveliest flower. So in the dusk I went sadly to my garden, only to find the bush that had borne the white perfume than any others there. Once the Master who had planted the roses came to me and said, 'For many years your roses have gladdened you and now what can you give to show your gratitude ?' Then I thought and said, 'Master, I have nothing so beautiful as my flowers, I give you your own gift.' But the Master smiled and answered, ' Keep them till 1 come again, but shut out from your heart all untruth and cowardice lest your roses die.' None can come into my garden with me, not even mj dear ones, but for them I gather my fairest flowers. One day those who love me will seek for me and will not find me. I shall be lying in my garden covered with my roses Roses. Roses. Roses. The mists pass wraith-like through the trees With trailing trains of wreathed white — They glide, the bush ghosts of the night ; They fade before the rising breeze. 'Ringed' monarchs, dying all too soon, Stand sapless, trembling in the cold, And groan and quiver — early old — And point their fingers at the moon. The eldritch cry of startled bird, The dreaming watch-dog's plaintive sob, Attune— i}iem to the ceaseless throb Which through the livelong night is heard. Where ghostly gleams the toadstool's lamp, Amid moss-soddened, ti-tree bowers, The hoarse frog tallies off the hours, Down in the fetid, rush-grown swa.mp. From gullied gloom, where never strays Yon feeble moon's pale, sickly beam, Shrieks out the weird and eerie scream That never frights the sun-lit days. The bittern drums upon his log In muffled beat, suggesting death, And ever and anon the breath Is caught when howls the native dog. The curlew pipes his wizard note^ And dances in the moonbeams white, The squirrel curdles all the night With screams that strangle in his throat. The stars an icy light ray down From out the cold, clear, midnight sky ; The pale moon, witch-like, rides on high, And knits her white brows in a frown. The tall trees shiver through the night ; They shake their tresses to and fro : Then falls a palsied limb below : They sigh — and shudder with affright. The cold blast rolls its cadence deep, Through gullies fledged with crested trees ; Its echo booms from distant seas That on the iron-bound sea-coast leap Alone, amid the night-dews wet, I watch the constellations rise ; I watch the ' Centaur' clock the skies; I track the planets as they set. I think and dream throughout the night ; With Nature's ghosts I hold commune ; I tell my secrets to the Moon, And bathe me in her valkyr light. I drink my fill of mystic lore ; I merge my part into the Whole.; I feel the meaning of the soul And tread the far-off, unknown shore. Alone, but not alone, I dream Throughout the starlit, frozen hours, And weave me garlands of thought-flowers And trace, with tears, God's fitful gleam. Alone, but vision compassed I muse, and muse, and ponder on Till Day dawns — and the Night is gone, And all her spectral soul is fled. 