Terrible Burning Accident. A Sydney Han Tails on a Hot Steam Pipe in a Bath. ' His Flesh Adhered' to "the Pipe'Lite a Steak to a Fryingpani' An Awful.Sight. While in a bath in Pitt street, a Mr.-Jarvis hud the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before ho conld be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible war. The shock of the burning and the fall proved, to he very disastrous to Mr. Jarvis, ana for a number of years after he was a confirmed in valid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A, few months ago, however, reports began to he circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jurvis was getting round again, and that he hud had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady;;; If was on account of these ^ rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regard ing same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Grown lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was dis covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about,* and able to answer the knock at the door. -^Although pale and bearing still u few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very'clear tliat he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he mid: "You want to know all-about my ;ase? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to case." U ell, I am glad of an opportunity t. tell you. Tho facts rauy be of value to those who are stricken as I was.*' "How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so had that.I had to leave otf work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." \- " What were the symptoms?" . " Simply indescribable. . The pains were something terrible. Tlicy were just about*as much as 1 could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones m two in every part of me. I had no control over iny bowels or bladder, utid was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly- shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor "sleep. On the '.'3rd March Libt I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me un order to the Director of Charitable Institu tions." •' " Did you make use of the order ?" "No-; I came home and. went to bed, and have been pretty well in'bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over.ty£th me/and only a question of day&_ when would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and'did all he cotild, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the con clusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait," and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He 1 told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.} Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement des cribing the cure^ effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit iny own. I determiued to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was us marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? Tliey arc perfectly new, and I have never used thctn. They were made for ine before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, hut I .whs too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who hud come in and taken xhc buby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, aiid nuult? another man of him." A friend who called in at, this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than'he aid a fortnight previous. "I can now." continued Jarvis, "havea cold bath, and all the feeling has 'come back into my legs. * I ascribe all the change and benefit"to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I nm in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new mail. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the chauge in me. They can hnrdlv believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite*a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this 'country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy,, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, .also the many disorders which arise' from an .^ impoverished state of the blood, such a^atuemiQ, pale, and fallow complexion, general muscular- weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness | of breath,"pains. in the back, nervous head ache, &c.; . ' Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the labour party in the N.S.W. Legislative .Assem bly, . was seen Lby .our. .spotter in con nection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Ifr.AI'Gowen says he ha3 known Jarvis from infancy.He also, knew that he had to give up his . work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve, months ago owing* to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He .understood Jarvis tvas refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his cose had been 'pro nounced incurable. Mr. XDGowen. was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. "Williams' Medicine Co., Darragh'a Buildings, Queen street, Brisbane, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. Od., or half a dozen for Ids. 3d. Sec that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 