DAY BY DAY. "What one must admire about the political woman (or lady) is her thoroughness and comprehensiveness. The male politician, as a rule, Is content to settle one thing at a time, and very seldom that. But at least ho only permits his gigantic intellect to wrestle with one topic at a time. Not so the so-called "weaker vessel." When she launches herself >upon the troubled seas of politics she sweeps the oceans In one light ning-like cruise, and' you can hardly see her vessel for the foam In her wake. The "National" Council of Women (of course there's nothing "National" about it yet, but then the dear creatures are ever a trifle pre vious) met recently at Sydney Town Hall, and proceeded, as is their delightful wont, to settle the affairs of the universe. Nothing was too large or too small for their purview, .Proceedings began with a paper on "Arbi tration, as Opposed to War," and the dulcet femes of the fair speaker's voice had hardly merged Into the echoes of tlie past when It 'was proposed, seconded, and carried, nem. con.— -"Tlint the National Council of Women deplores the spirit of war abroad at present on the earth, and advocates the principles of peace and arbitration." That ought to, if anything can, settle the Spanish-American difficulty. Moreover, It should bring Balm of Gilead to many a wounded male heart, as an assurance that his "old woman" will wage .war with him no more, but is eager for -peace and arbitration. Though, as a matter of fact, It will be noticed the reso lution refers to the "spirit of war abroad," and says nothing about the spiylt of war at .home. After this large matter was thus satisfactorily disposed, of, the ladles de monstrated the catholicity of their outlook by. referring to cookery as a means of grace, and discussing '" net-making, scents, and. mushrooms. ; .'..PerhapB — the .writer merely suggests It — If better cooking prevailed there would be less war both "abroad" and at home. Many hostilities have been provoked by 'dyspepsia! One cannot help noticing, and with pangs of poignant regret, that Hunter- street is really becoming very despondent regarding the fate of its adored Convention Bill. True, the paper dally devotes'more and more space to the "splendid reception" of this orator, and: the "unauimouB vote" of ithat audience, for federntlon-at-any-price; true, also, It waxes with each Issue fiercer nnd yet' more fierce with the opponents of the federation pig Ju a poke. Read, however, between the lines, it is easy to see that it merely employs these devices as encouragements to its fall ing spirits, as small boys whistle when they walk through churchyards o' mights, to keep the ghosts away. It Is In its leading columns that the attentive reader may dis cover the perturbations of its melancholy and despairing mind. Hunter-street evidently thinks that the Government should do some thing to compel the recalcitrant voters to vote for the bill — but the oracle doesn't know exactly how to put it. Ostensibly it is in favour of every voter being compelled to vote, no matter which way his vote is cast. The cloven hoof, however, protrudes too ob viously, as witness this passage: "And as only one side, the affirmative, has to produce a given number of voters, any impediment to the full exercise of the franchise presses with special unfairness- upon this side." The writer really 'trembles to think what may happen if by ehnnce those 80,000 affirmative votes are not cast. The present writer does not mind now con-> fessiug that lie. was becoming seriously unw easy at the fact ithat for several days noth-< lug had been heard from Mr. G. W. Smalley, New York correspondent of London "Times." We have become so accustomed to Smalley running America, and running it every time, and, not seldom, twice a day, that a sllenoa (n his part of several days seemed to be token that Smalley might possibly have chucked America, and declined to further Interest himself on its behalf— in which case.i t is evident that the United States would have been played out. But let the joy bells ring out! Smalley has only been incubating. He is again to the fore us full of first-class information and brassy prophecv as ever! He has just cabled to explain that M'Klnley's call for 75,000 additional volunteers meant .the retention by America of Cuba; ''Puerto Rico, and the Philippines. The only wonder Is that America, with a sleuth-hound Ilka Smalley within her borders, does not utllisa him to discover and defeat the Spanish fleet, If anything should happen to Smalley dur- i'jS the. latter operation it is possible that civilisation, recognising that afflictions are sent for our eternal benefit- Would try to bs resigned. According to the perennial Lucy the Brit ish House of Commons has just unveiled a bust to the late Lord Randolph Churchill. This raises the question what virtues, and merits entitle a deceased English statesman or politician to "go on the bust," as Mrtvi- 5 „pu.ts " By Lucy's admission Randy, at one time or' another, quarrelled with every friend he ever hud, with Hit, solitary exception of Sir Michael Hicks- Beach. Lord Randolph "cut the loaf" even with Luey himself, and a man who could jangle, with poor old Lucy must have been of a pugnacious disposition Indeed. Lucy, for some weeks now, has displayed a really sub lime reticence about his aristocratic friends. But lie has broken out again, and, strange to say, has made his opportunity out of Randy and his bust. As an illustration of Churchill's bellicosity Lucy, writes: "My own case Is interesting, as illustrating the tem perament of this remarkable man. For six years following 18S0, when I made his ac quaintance at the table of his old friend Colonel Fred Burnaby, I was honoured by Lord Randolph's intimate, almost affection ate, friendship. In: 1886, he being then Sec-L retary of State for India, there appeared in a London newspaper: of. which I was In edi torial charge, some criticism on his policy. Meeting me In the evening he stared over my head, as If I were an utter stranger, and for three years never spoke." Thus does Lucy manage to ;kill three birds with one lump of grease! We learn from the foregoing that lie not only had "Cockle" Burnaby and Lord Randolph Churchill for Intimate pals, but that he edited a paper of sufficient im portance to make the Secretary of State for India Bit up and snort! How beautiful, and yet how unique, a scene must have been that of the fiery Randolph and the tame Lucy wandering about . the world (the London world), their arms around each other's in genuous necks, sharing the same sweetmeats, halving their alley-tors, and sucking at the same time the same succulent orange. Fancy, too, poor Lucy's desolation when Randy would not play any more! However, let us be thankful for the fact that they were re conciled at last. Query: Could Luey possibly have been the prototype of Thackeray's ' Archer, to whom the satirist Introduced us in "Pendennls?" Perhaps Lucy Is hardly venerable enough, though Fie has now been cackling in type for many years. ZED. 