A DOCTOR'S STORY. — | ' We were throe ffiends very comfortably domiciled in a single suite of rooms on J3 street, in near vicinity to (.he 3L, Medical College, which we attended. One of us was Hollander a gentlemanly, handsome youth, of wo lender a Jiature for a doctor, we thought. but a very accomplished folio\v m his studios, nevertheless. " The second of our trio was a thiektongrued, red-faced Russian- v.iios- fierce eyes, shaded by long lashes, gave an impression of e--il always dispelled when liis avhite t c i n d g*ood nn.turo revealed in :i very pleasant smile. He was remarkably arduous in his pursuit of knowledge, and sometimes scrupled not to resort lo questionable means, which were betrayed to up by his muddy boots and clothing- when he re-appeared alter a night-long absence, introverted and unquestioned. As for myself, let it. suffice to say mat although my fortune v.ns m-eagre my heart was light. and ignorant of any graver care than the preparation for tomorrow's rei-ii .n ions. Whil<j Hoi! .nder was studying', and the Russian experimenting. I sra nfraid I was ton often found perusing: some light love-tale or thrumming my guitar. My idle spirit •was as deaf to Hollander's friendly admonitions as to the Russian's grunts of scornful disapprobation. But the tranquil tenor of my life was abruptly terminated by a disturbing influence I bad never anticipated, when one fine afternoon I fell in love with Estelle Grayton. To end the tale of my enthralment in 1lie fewest words, 1 availed myself of many opportunities for meeting the fair Estelle, and in no Ions time the influence of a passionate, abiding attachment infiltrated my entire beings and was not, I felt assured, nmc-ciproc-ated. I was little disturbed by my friend Hollander's good-natured raillery, but I felt so sharply nettled under the Russian's coarse ban tor, that I would often retort in the bitterest terms, and appear so distressed that the twinkle in Hollander's eyes gave place to a look of sympathy and reproof, fey which the Russian was awed into silence. At this juncture of my affairs I returned one evening from my accustomed visit in a most forlorn and wretched mood. Estelle was ill. I c-onld learn nothing' more from the servant than that she was delirious: and, though tormented by an insatiable thirst, she suffered the severest spasms at the mere sight of water. I stood for an hour or more watching the shadow's which passed across the curtains of her chamber window, like clouds across the bright firmament of my happiness. The next evening I learned that she had been taken away for more skilful treatment of a disorder which threatened her life; whither, the servant, who was our sole confidant, was uncertain, and apparently without any good reason for her belief that it was to I«"rance. I was inconsolable and fretful y intolerant of the kindly efforts of my two friends to interest me in new researches and experiments. The lectnre-room, the dissecting-room, the hospitals, even the theatre, presented no allurement of my grief-stricken spirit. I wandered the streets during the daytime, and at night I haunted the home of my beloved one. hungering for the merest scraps of news concerning her. I suppose I showed so severe effects of my anxiety in my pale face and sunken eyes that i' really alarmed my frie; Hollander, who finally insisted change of scene and air, and panied me to a quiet watering- place ffear L . where we remained a week. A lover's solicitude for his sick mistress is not to be cured by sulphur baths and draughts of brackish mineral water.and and it was with this conviction that we returned to our lodgings in "B street at the end of the aforesaid time. "We found our friend, the Russian, in nothing more interested than in the analysis of a mad dog's brain. Nothing was wanting to complete his happiness,, lie said, but a human brain similarly affected with which to compare the canine's. Hollander became immediate^ Jy interested in this experiment, which promised novel discoveries and developments. They vainly sought to interest me in their theories. What was a mad dog's brain to me? -My own was mad enough. Fired with youthful ardor, and the true student's yearning for a deeper understanding of a puzzling proposition, my friends searched the wards of several of the large city hospitals, and re- -.uvne-d on the evening of the following 2ay elated by several discoveries. The eases represented thg different phases aul stages of the disease, but their interest la> chiefly in a single case in the Q Hospital. Their patient was a beautiful young girl, they told me.whose young life must soon succumb to the dreadful malady. The Russian's only sorrow arose from the fact that her friends would probably never permit her beautiful person to lie upon the dissecting-table. If she were only ugly, or iriendless, or old, wiiat great benefits would accrue to science from her misfortune. On the morning after the funeral of the unhappy girl, Hollander so artfully united the interests of the fair patient and her malady that I became deeply attentive to his elucidation of his theory of the disease. Jle dwelt so long up m the special importance of direct comparison l between the human and the canine brain in the study of the distemper, that I soon perceived Him to *iave become familiarised with the idea of a certain hazarhous, hideously repulsive project, which the Russian had. doubtless, proposed to him long before. TTe ended his discourse with a direct prop ">=al of the venture, for which I was not unprepared. His strong influence over me, the stronger brr-ause hitherto only exerted for my good, together with a \v';lu notion of sport, and a mad desire to forget for a time the pain in my heart, availed to win me to partake in the venture. It was left to the Russian to make att needful preparations, an* at midnight wo set forth fully equipped for the work before- us. We threaded a wearisome maze of deserted, echoing streets, and •near the end of half an hour, approacli- • e«3 a Jin 1 ,.- chapel, which stood before a gloomy, sU 'Yit churchyard. Already I had more- than once repented of my rash participation hi the affair, and would now have abandoned it had I not feared the Russian's taunts and Hollander's contempt. The former now lighted a lantern. :md 3ed the way from the stre-t through a cats into the churchyard, and along a path between -J)-? graves. -After a longsearch he paused beside a nmund of 's fresh-turned earth, and p mted to a i wreath which his own hands had iaid •upon it as a mark of its identity. j " This is the grave," he sa : <l. "Walt | Ji:re: 1 win r*:ii:rn soon." | ( Ho disapp.-&r--a.; and }e't us standing ] there in thoroughly wretched, bat somewhat consolatory- ennipanioo?hip. I I drew r.er.r to Hollander, and g.tzed | fearfully about me in the gloom. The shades seemed to mask all familiar shapes In ghostly cover®. Old tomb- I stones. blackened and stained by mrmy , years' exposure, and ov-rgrown with moes. peered oat from dark r-jir»--.f ^ or, j s-'e-'-ming weary with long .standing, nought to incline themselves io r^stm! £ti;tu>J'?!?. For a momem in-; moon i . ! broke through a cloud, and the dancing, quivering shadows beneath ray appeared the phantoms of tii.it life with which the fertile grove in the daytime, must have teemed. After a few moments the Russian reappeared, bringing a pick and two spades, which ho bad jn-jctirvd in an outhouse near the chapel. lie handed us the spades, and, raising the pick, buried it in the mound with a tbucl which pent a tbril! <~>f horror through me, "We must work hard," he said. "It is now one o'clock." Thoy had made considerable- progress in the work of exhumation before I felt able to assist. When we had reached a depth of three or four feet the Russian suggested that I should remain outside and act as guard. I gladly at-riaiosced, and, with whatever consequence to my weakened nerves, would have i- joiced to have had any reason to alarm them from achieving that hideous purpos-i. After the labor of a half-hour we hoard the mud of llie pick upon the wood of the box enclosing the coffin. In a few minutes the last shovelful of earth was thrown out, and the lids of the box and coffin removed. At the Russian's request I handed down to him the dark lantern, also a. covered vessel and case of surgical instruments which lie had brought, and then, nearly fainting, I retired out of view of the operation. SiiU, by some strange fascination, I held my eyes fixed upon lhe ope?i grave, which appeared like a lighted window In the abode of ghosts. A moment afterwards I heard Again the Russian's voice. "Pass down those gloves in my coat pocket," it said, and added, in a lower tone to Hollander. "She was a beautiful girl. What hair* What features:" X approached the grave, and. in some r-uriositv. aroused bj' lhe last remark, I stooped to gaze on the pallid face in the coffin. With one \v;Id shriek I started back, and fell. "Oh, what is this? My Gc<3! Estelle! Estelle!" Instantly T felt a rough hand upon my mouth, and faintly heard the Russian's muttered curse and admonition, "Be still, you fool! or " A long period of unconsciousness followed, from which I was revived by feeling a. glass of water at my lips, and I opened my eyes upon the familiar furniture of my room, whither my two friends, with untold effort, had carried me from the scene of our unfinished enterprise. For months afterwards T was intolerably distressed by the mere thought of that, night's revelation. But it wrought a sa'utary change in my habits, and made of me the semblance of a man.— "West Lothian Courier." 