A WHIRLWIND HARVEST. BY F. FRANKFORT MOORE. CHAPTER XVII.— (Continued.) "Ia it possible that this is tho first glimpse you hnvo had of England?" cried Agnes. "It is practically my first glimpse of England. 1 could not have been more than a year old when I was taken abroad." "And yet I am sure that you had all an exile's longing to return to England— you learned to allude to it as home, did you not?" said Agnes. "Oh, of course. I always thought ot England as homo, though I managed to llvo very happily irborcver I found myself," replied the girl. "Sometimes when I was suddenly brought faco to faco with a party of English men and women making a tour of Italy, my longing to be in Eng land was easily repressed. Indeed, I may safely say that at no time did I fool very patriotic. The greater number of tho people whom I met painted such a picturo of England as reconciled mo to llvo abroad." "You do not reeognlso the country from their description?" "Why, they talked ot nothing but fogs— they made me believe that from August to May thcro was nothing but fog hanging over the whole of the country— fog and damp and rain and snow. Well, wo haven't driven into a fog up to tho present, and I find these furs that Mrs. Adrian advised me to buy in London, almost oppressive. Tho green of tho meadows besido tlio little stream Is brighter than tho green of olive trees in wlntor. Yesterday t'ho sky was blue, and to day It is the same. Oh, I havo become more English thau tho English themselves; I feel my self ready to refer to ovoryone who is not English as a miserable foreigner." "That Is tho proper spirit to acquire; I hope you will be able to retain it all through tho winter. We do not Invariably have blue skies and dry roads during November and December in England. But we havo at least comfortable houses, with capacious fireplaces." "That Is something. I never saw a really good fire until I came to England. I have sat shiver ing in the house In which wo lived at Siena. Tho llttlo brazier of charcoal which was brought Into tlio room for a few minutes only seemed to make us colder." Agnes laughed, and there was a considerable 'pause before she said: "And your mother. I wonder It she was quite happy living abroad all her life?" . "Only during her last illness did she express a wish to see England onco more," said Clare. "All, I cannot speak of it— I could not tell you all she said In those last piteous days. After slio had written that letter which I brought to you— she would not allow mo to see a line of it, tat sealed it and put It away under her pillow— all her thoughts seemed lo return to lior home. Every night as I sat up with her I could hear her murmur: 'If I could only sco.lt again — If I could only see the meadows, and sn;ell the Eng lish May!' Ah, I cannot speak ot It." 1 Tho girl turned her head away, and a llttlo sob struggled In her throat. "My poor child!" said Agnes. "You havo all my sympathy. I can sympathise with you, for I, too, havo suffered." CHAPTER XVIII. They did not oxchango a word for somo time; and when tho silence was broken It was by Clare. "Just before her illness I ventured to suggest to her that we might go for a month or two to England," she said. "And then " "Tho look that came to her face was one ot fear— of absolute terror. I was frightened, and began to think that thoro were perhaps graver reasons than I had over fancied for our exile. It took her some moments to recover from the shock that my suggestion had given her, and then she so id : 'You must never think ot such a thing as possible. I shall never see England again!' " "Poor woman! Ah, what it is laid 011 woman lo bear!" snld Agnes. "And she would havo been so happy If it had not boon for faithlessness. It she had only trusted the true man \yho loved her she would have been happy. I fear that sho can not ever have been happy with your father." "She never spoke to me of him." Clare spoke in a low tone. "Ho died when you wore a child — so much, I think, was taken for granted," sal<f>' Agnes. "I havo always taken It for granted," said Clare. "Oh, yes; I remember asking about him when I was quite young, and my mother told me that I had 110 father." "Then you must assume that he Is dead," said Agnes, "and pray that you may never havo suffi cient curiosity to lead you to scclc to know moro about him." S Clare looked at her with somo surprise on her face. "What! You know " sho began. "I know nothing," said Agnes quickly. Inter rupting her. "I havo hoard that he was not n good man, and I know thut If he had had any- , thing of good In his' nature your mother would not have parted from him. But he Is dead, and we havo 110 need to talk about him. Now, lot me tell you tho names ot all the places we cau soo from here." They had driven to tho summit or one of tho low Brackenshiro bills, and there Agnes pointed out the various landmarks. Far away to the .north the great manufacturing town of Llnn- borough Iny beneath tho great shadow of Its own smoke, and to the right the exquisite splro of Scarchcstor Cathedral wns seen, and by the sldo of the old minster ran tho river Leet. All through tho valley lay tho villages of Ncssvalo, with Its Norman church, from tho tower of which the cur few is still rung, Greenlodge, with Its tall May pole, and Ilolmworth, with Its grey castlo and moat. Then on every liaml were to he seen the splendid park lands surrounding the manor houses, the broad meadows, the brown furrowed fields of Brackcnshlre, with here and there a farmhouse, and down where the Lambcek flowed, a brown mil! with its slow-moving water wheel. The quacking of ducks that swam in the llttlo stream was homo up from the valley at Intervals and mingled with the melancholy whistle of a curlew, and tho occasional notes of a robin sit ting on a gate at the sldo of tho road. I "England — England — this is England!" cried I Clare. "I never wish to see any other land so | long as I llvo. Ah, my poor mother! This in I what sho was longing to see before sho died." i Agnes did not speak. Sho knew that t'ho girl I paw all the Incidents of tho English landscape j through a mist of tears. It was not until tho phaeton wns making tho homeward circuit, and had just come abreast of the wall of Wcstwood Court that a word was exchanged between Agues nnd Clare. All the In terest of tho girl was once moro awakened when she learned that Claude Westwood had been horn lu that great, house which was just visible I tcrougli tho trees of tho park, and that he was a now tho owner of all. "And the murder — it was dono among those trees?" said Clare, In a whisper. Agnes nodded. The wrotch — tlio wrotch! What punishment '00 great for tho moustor who did that <lceu. cried Clare wltli something akin to pas sion in her voice. Mr. Westwood told you of it?" snld Agnes. Ho did not need to tell 1110 of It," replied tho ..A 'la rea< a" "bout it nt Cairo." there "CUr3. U eot B EUR"sli newspapers Very rarely. Strango to say, a copy of a news paper containing n paragraph referring to the re prieve of the murderer was sont to my mother by 'n England. I saw the paper by chance, it had not been sent to her because of that para- Srapb, of course; but on account of somo other piece ot news." Then you know who It was that sent the paper?" "That was tho mystery. It troubled mother .,nmo "me thinking who could have sent It." . she know why it had been sent to her — «no knew what was the particular paragraph it contained of Interest to her?" .."J thlnlc that sho was quite certain on tout point; but sho came to tho conclusion that it was n account of a paragraph referring to tho , Production of an opera In Ixindon in which a triend of mine — of ours, I moan — had taken tho '.enor role." ' "m' A friend of yours? Whnt Is his namo?" His name was Clro Rodanl; ho was 0110 of tho maestro's pupils. We used to sing duets under <no guidance of the maestro; It wns good for both or us, he said, and so, I suppose, it was. At any rate, Clro got his engagement, and perhaps ho ont mother that newspaper. Ho certainly sent uje the six papers that praised his singing. Ho man t send thoso that were nob quite so compli mentary; It wns the maestro who sent them to me." 'The paper may havo been addressed to you; It h Ki0t n matter of Importance. You would pro- oably nover hnve recollected rending tho para graph about tho rcprlcvo of tho mnn It you had not m?„ Westwood n fow months afterwards." I certainly should have forgotten nil about it; nut now — well, now It In different. And It was those trees tho terrible deed was dono?" Yes; it was among those trees. I havo not «? noai "10 P'a0 since It happened." It Was horrible — horrlblo! And yet they did ?.» . 08 tho man — thoy gavo tho wrotch his luo!" . The girl spoko alnjost fiercely — almost In tho same tone as Claudo Westwood 's had boon when denouncing tho man. Agnes gave a llttlo cry. . Do not say that — for God's sako do not say hat," she snld. "Ah, If you only know what you avo saying!" , "If I only know!" cried Clare, In a tono of as tonishment. "If you only know how your Indignation that a wretched man's life wan spared to him BhoclcB mo. ' said Agnes. "Dear child, suroiy you nro on the sldo of meroy; you hnvo not been accustomed ,0 the savage code of a llto for a llfo." Glare was silent. It shocks mo, to hear nnyono spenk us Claudo vlestwood does of that poor wrotch," Bald Agnes. It Is not possible that Vou- — Tell me, Claro, do you think your motlior would havo find the Mmo thought as you had Just now? Was slio In- 'i want when sho rend that tho llfo of that roan Blandish was spared?" . "Sho cried "Thank- God!' as fervently as if hho v "W known- the wretch all hor life," replied Clare., "Ah; my dcur mother was a better woman than I nm. Hor heart whs full of tenderness." "And so Is yours, my child," snld Agnen, gent ly. "You did not speak from your heart just now. Your words wcro but nu ocho of thoso I have heard Clauuo westwoou npcaic." Tlioro was a. long silence before Clare put her hand on tho arm of her companion, saying In a low voleo: "I was wrong, dear Agnes. I spoko un feelingly, without thinking of all that my words meant. I only thought of the passion or grief In which Mr. Westwood had expressed his in dignation that the man who brought so much unhapplness into his llfo had been given his life. Wo nro all sluners. . "Pray for him," cried Agnes, quickly. "Pray for that man as Christ prayed for His murderers. Pray that his llto may not have been given lo him In vain." "I will pray that God may pity him." said tho girl. " Wo all stand In need of forgiveness, do wo not?" The roinnindcr of the drivo to The ICnoll was silent; and so was Agues, when she wont to her room, and seated herself In front of tho Are. She was breathing hard as she leant forward with her bead resting on her hands. Sho re mained motionless, staring into tho glowing coals until tho luncheon bell rang. Then sho rose hastily, saying In a whisper: "It was too tcrrlblo! God pity her! God pity hor!" Iler maid cntored tho room, and sho changed her dress. While in tho act of going downstairs sho beard tho sound of Claude Westwood's voice In the hall. Ho was talking to Clare in front of tho blazing logs of the hall lire,' and Agnes saw that he now wore tho dross of a country gentleman. When ho had called ot the house on the previous day, as well as on the day after his return to England, he had worn a black morning coat. She paused beneath tho stained glass window of tho little lobby wlioro tile broad staircases turned off at right angles to the half-dozen shal low stops lit tho bottom — she paused, and could not move for some moments, Jor the sccno which was before her eyes appeared to her like a glimpso of n day sho remembered well — tho same man wearing tho same jacket and gaiters had stood talking In tho same voice to a young girl who stood by his side looking up to his face ns sho stooped somewhat over tho big grato, holding her Angers over tho blazo just as Claro was doing. She stood motionless on the landing. Tho crimson roses ot the stained glass of the win dow mado hor a splendid headdress, and in tho panels or. each sldo spread branches of rose mary — rosomary for remembrance. Alas! sho remembered but too well tho words which had been spoken between the two peoplo who had stood tlioro long ago. "It is for you —it Is all for you," I10 had said. "I mean to make a name that shall' be in somo measuro worthy or you." Those woro his words, and then she had looked up to his faco and had put hor hand, warm from the lire, into his hand. Sho had trusted him, and now "Is It a ghost?" cried Clare, laughing. "Aro you a ghost, beautiful lady, or do you sco a ghost?" Slie had gone half-way along tbo hall to the foot of tlio half-dozen shallow oak steps beneath the window. "A ghost— a ghost," snld Agnes, descending. "Yes I have seen a ghost." Claude advanced to the middle of the hall to meet her. Sho greeted him silently. "I saw your ponies In tho distance and hurried after you, hoping that you would ask mo to lunch," said ho. "A woman's lunch!" sho cried. "You cannot surely know what our menu Is?" "I will take It on trust," said he. "You repre sent company here. When I como to you I forget the loneliness of tho Court." When spoaklng he had looked first at Agnes, then at Clare. He seemed to take care to pre vent tho possibility of Agnes's fancying that he was addressing her Individually wheu he said, "You represent company here." "And you represent company to us, for tho capacity of two lonely women to feel lonely is quite ns groat as that of ono man," said she, smiling In her old1 way. "Ho brings us news. Agnes — good news," said Clare. "Ho lias got the medal of the — tlio society — what was the name that you gave the society, Mr. Westwood?" "Tho Geographical," said he. "Thoy havo treated me well, I must confess. They hnve been compelled to lake me 011 trust, so to speak — to accept my discoveries, without any demonstration on my part. No one knows anything ot what I hnvo seen or what I have done In Central Africa. Tho outline that was cabled homo represented only tho recollections of a missionary at Uganda. It Is little better than nonsense." "That Is tlie greater reason, I say, why you should take the opportunity that is offered to you now of letting the world know all that you havo passed through," said Clare. "All — all — all that I have passed through, did you say?" lie cried. Then he laughed curiously. "Well. I don't suppose that you could tell all In an hour — I suppose they would givo you an hour?" said Clare. "They might even make It two hours without forcing me to repeat myself," said ho. "But, all — all! Good heavens! If I wero to tell all!- Luckily I cannot; the language has not got words adequato for the expression of somo of tho things that I saw. Still — well. X saw some few things that might ho described." "Then you will go? You will give them tho loeturo which you say thoy havo invited you to deliver?" cried -Clare. He shook Ills head. "Oh, yes, you will," she said, going close to him, and speaking In a child's voice of coaxing. "Agnes, you will join me in trying to show this man in what direction Ills duty lies?" "Ah, In what direction his duty lies!" said Agnes, gently. "What woman can show a man where lies his duty it his Inclination points In another direction? But I am forgetting mine. Luncheon!" Sho pointed to tho door of the dining-room, nt which the butler was standing with an ag grieved expression upon his face; luncheon had boon waiting for somo time. "Duty!" said Agnes, wlion Clare and Mr. West- wood had passed through, "Duty!" She gave a scornful laugh. CHAPTER XIX. "Duty! That constituted tho foundation of tho plea at Claro for the delivery ot his lecture bc- foro tho Royal Geographical Society. Her eyes sparkled as sho talked at lunch, urging Claudo Woatwood to abandon his resolution to keep a secret the story of his adventures, of his dis coveries. "My dear Agnes," sho cried at last, "will you not join with mo in lolling btm all that is his duty?" Agnes shook her head. "All? Did you say 'all'?" she said. "All his duty? Why, my dear, such a task would bo akin to Mr. Westwood's description ot his travels. Tho language does not contain sufficient words to tell a man all that is his duty. But so far as tho lectur'o before tho Geographical Society Is concerned, I don't think that he need say very much. Surely they nre entitled at least to a paper iu oxchango for their gold medal. Any thing less would bo shabby." "That should settle the question," said Clare, looking with a trlumphnut smile at Claude. "I suppose — yes, I am sure that it should," said ho. "Only— well, I hardly know whero to begin in giving an account of some of tho things I saw during my yearn ot captivity— such hor rible ceremonies. You have heard of the devil- worship of somo parts ot Central Africa; but all that you havo heard has been a faint, a far- off rumor of what that worship means. I havo seen—oil, 1 toll you there nro mysteries— magle — in the henrt ot that awful Continent that cannot bo spoken of." "But thoro is much that you can talk about— thero's tho country, tho climate, the products," said Clare. "Don't you remember tlio hints that Mr. Pnddloford used to give you aboard tho Andnlusiau? Mr. Paddleford wus a— a— gentle man— I suppose ho would ho called a gentleman iu England." "Though I10 was not. called so on hoard tho steamer?" said Agnes. ' "Exactly. .Ho was fond of opening up now countries." "Through tho medium of tho Limited Liability Companies Act— occasionally going a llttlo fur ther than tho Act was ever meant to go," said Claudo." . ' "At any rato, ho used to say that tho man who found a new market for Manchester or Birmingham was tho true patriot. But still you did not riso to the halt— you did sot malco any attempt to provo the extent of your patriotism. But perhaps you might ho able to show tho geographical people that Manchester or Birming ham might have what Mr. Paddlaford called a 'look In,' so far as Central Africa Is concerned." llo glanced at Claro aftei- she had spokon. "Birmingham might certainly havo a 'look In' at some of ibo tribes; it might contract for the constant supply of brass gods for them." said Claudo. "Thoy worship brass out thoro with nearly as much devotion as tho pooplo hero worship gold. As for Manchester— well, I'vo beon In a valley whero Manchester could And a hint or two. Tho sides of tho valloy aro covered with a plant— a weed which, if It bo- camo known, would mako cotton valueless. It requires neither to he spun nor wovon." "And yott havo discovered that mlraclo which tho world has beon wanting since tho days of Adam," crlod Clare, laying down her knlfo nlid fork, and stnrlug at him. "You havo dis covered this, and yot you could send that poor publisher empty away, although he had como out from England to meet you and make ar rangements for tho publication ot your book!" "Manchester would bo ruined In ' order that ,. — Mr. — was his name — Paddleford? — yes, that Mr. Paddleford might float a company," said A"Not merely Manchester, but nil tho cotton- growing States of America would ho brought to tho verge of ruin," said ho. "Tho growth of that weed upon tho sldc-s of the valley I speak of far exceeds tho growth of all tho cotton In the world. Wo travellod for four months through that valloy without onco losing sight of that weed. Things are dono 011 a lurgo scale In Central Africa. The ground rents thoro aro somewhat less than they aro in Middlesex. Can vou fancy a valloy running from John o' Groat s to Land's End with Its sides covered thickly .with ono .wood— say with thistles only?" \- (To bo continued.). 