[?] CHAPTER V— (Continued). Till! PURPLE MASK. 'M7 God, Phyllida!' said Stimhopo, through his teeth. ' Phyllida !' Ho sprang forward af tor tho one instant of stupefaction, and tho strange man at the other side of the doorway jostled him, ns ho too made a quick step after Phyllida Blake. But she was quicker than either. 'Homo,' she cried in her clear .young voice to the driver of the hired brougham as she jumped in and banged tho door. Sho was used to nien who waited for her at- tho stage door; sho did not want any of they' suppers or their presents, and her' conchmnn had orders to start off tho very second she was safe inside the carriage Sho novor bestowed a glance on either Stanhope or tho other man as she drove off, ' and they fell back against each othor to avoid tho wheels. Stanhope said something civilly, by instinct, and tho stranger, for solo answer, turned rind snarled at him wordlessly, like a dog. It was with a sense of some horrible danger threat ening the girl who had been all tho world to him, and now was only tho Dancor in the Purple Mask, that Stanhope turned away. It was absurd and reasonless, no doubt, if any thing could be impossible in a world where a girl like Phyllida Blake had changed to a woman painted white and red, with that evil, sombre mask across her oyea. He could not. go back ,to Eavolston and hear him raving of tho . now dancer, now ! But something made him pull up in ytho shadow of tho theatre and watch the man who tried to speak to her. Ho heard him call a hansom, aud saw him got in. Was ho going to follow her ? Small nnd contomptiblo ns ho had looked, thoro was something evil about him and, in spito of his determination that tho woman in the Purple Mask was nothing to him, no matter wlirifc Phyllida Blako had beon, Stanhope, was half inclined to take another hansora and follow him. ' Bah ! Ho can't, know her address, or ho wouldn't have tried to stop her hero;' ho thought, practically, and' turned to go homo. Oh ! If he had only been ono spr|iid quicker lie might have spokon to tho girFfto had loved, so long. ' ' ' ? . ? 'Or to tho Pnvplo Mask!'- And at tho unbidden thought ho turned, with tho old pang at his heart again, and went homo. His Phyllida Blako was doad and buried ! Ho would novor go near tho theatre again now. As for speaking to her, she had loft him of hor own accord, and of her own accord sho should come back to him — ^or not at all. Phyllida, meantime, was driving homo. ?vSho was hungry, sho was elated, and sho had not scon in tho half darkened ' house the face of the man whom she had put out of hor mind and heart bJx months ago. Sho ran lightly up hor four flights of stairs and rattled tho letter box impatiently. Rosa lind let her in, and stood looking at hor when they woro in tho sitting-room, where supper was waiting. 'Well ?'!? sho said, ' how does it go P You haven't washed off all your whitewash,' 'Haven't IP' carolessly. ' 'Didn't wait. Mr. Dare has given me a raiae,Ro3alind. Fivo pounds a week extra for sticking to him and not going to do a turn at tho Iflmpiro. Gor geous, isn't it ?' Sho sat down lazily and stretched her little foot to tho firo. . ' What havo you boon doing P' sho askod, looking at Rosalind ns sho took tho soup from thofendor and lndlod it into platos. Mrs. Warwick's pretty faco wns flushed, her chest nut hair twisted in a tight curly mass at tho back of hor head, and hor fingors woro inky, but sho woro a triumphant air that carried oil such dotails. 'Working! And I've sold anothor story. That's twenty pounds,' sho returaod, proudly. Phyllida clappod hor hands. ' Wo're doing' well,' sho said.- 'No ono has oven miRnootnd that the' Purnlo MurIc is Phyllida Blako. And it's such a success, too . — a biggor success than ovor I was. Old Dare is so pleased. I wish, though,' thought fully, ' that I did not look so ugly in it some how, if I look nt mysolf ' bof oro I go' on, it makes mb shudder.' ' '??' ' ' t '. ' ' ' 'You don't look ugly in it — you couldn't,'1 Mrs. Warwick roturned. 'Phil, you don't know ho.w lovoly you aro I' ' ? , 'In a black wig, with my mouth 'painted! scarlet 1' soornllully. ' Woll, anyhow,, no ono knows mo.' ' ? ? Sho began to oat. hor supper, idly . Rlanaiiitf at Rosalind as sho ate. Good - food, and happiness had worked woudoi's 'with Mrs, Warwick; hor fn'co had lost' its hard' linos, hor lips woro softly red, and her oyos wore clear and bluo instead of looking half cried ont. 'Rosalind in Rnnkington — and Rosalind in London!' sho said rooklossly. ' Do you know, 1 .don't 'think- Riolmrd, would know you if ho woro alivo. You'ro so pretty.'. ' Ho'd know, mo if I paintod myspltblnok,' ?with doleful conviction. ' I' wish you woulcVnt. talk of him. Somehow it makes mo fcbl ns if ho woro.noar. Ab if ho liacVnt. died;' 'Nonsonsol' said Miss B)akof abruptly. Sho droppod hor spoon into Iho plato % with ouHoub inattention. Someone w.as comin» up 1.he stono stairs outside tho door of the flat with a oautious padding footfall that romindoil hor, too, of Warwick. * Rosalind, knooling on tho rug, slim and youthful in her cotton waist aud sorgo skirl, looked up at hor sharply, tho soft colour obb-, ing from hor fnoo. ,' Somo ono on our Biairs!' sho whispered, norvously. ' And bo lato.' ' Somo ono going homo I' answerorl Phyl lida, but. rIio snt aUfl1 nnd ngfd ns oho Untuned to tho' soft stop outsUlo.' ' No owe lives above us,' Rosalind . clutched her kueo. 'I don't like it,' she whispered sharply. ' Oh, Phil — is tho door bolted ?' But Phyllida, moro swiftly than sho had ever moved in hor life, and moro silently, had gono noisolessly to tho door, and softly shot the bolt. Outside the footsteps halted ; some one tried the door. And tho upper half of it was glass. Thick and corrngated, but still glass ; and a smart blow would shatter it. Thore was no light in the hall outside ; inside1 tho small passago was flooded with light from the glass door of tho sitting room ; . instinctively Phyllida crouched down bo that no ono outside could seo her, Rosa lind, with her fingers in her ears, stood on the hoarthx-ug, and iu spite of herself nearly screamed out as a shoulder came heavily against the door. Phyllida's, heart leaped wildly, ? ' * « . Oh! to bo able to seo who was outside, not to sit hidden like a. rat in a trap ! It could not bo Warwick, yet in her soul sho thought it was, iu spite of that fresh grave at Ruskington. Motionless sho crouched, scarcely breathing, and by and by tho soft, slow stops, moved away, ?, Sho heard them grow loss and loss down tho stairway. Trembling and pale as death, she went back to Rosalind. 'It — it couldn't have been ho !' she said,. mechanically. '.Wo know bo's dead,' But Rosalind mado_no answer. White and spccchloss she lav on tho raar. ' Rosalind !' tho ^ younger ' sister cried, angrily ; .;?' don't look liko that. It could only havo been some drunken man who made a mistake* . , Rosalind sat up slowly ; all her colour gono, and a deadly terror in her oyes. ? ' Do you; think I've not hoard that 'stop night after night,' sho said, ' and that now I don't know it?' If that wasn't Richard, it was his ghost,' ' Rubbish !' Phyllida cried,, fiercoly, for, that had been no ghostly shoulder against tho door. The memory of tho man she had seen at tho 'station came back to her. Could there bo moro mystery than thoy knew ? Could he, after all, bo alive P A terror.- such as she had novor yet known camoovor her, but sho did not own it. ' It was- some drunken man,' she said, gently. ' Richard, is doad and biu'ied.' (DEEAPTER VI. , ? ' I .MEAN TO MABUY IIEB.' The inmates of the little flit in tho Rossetti Mansion had not slept well. Time and again had Phyllida'- started, thinking sho heard thoso croopiug steps on the stairs ; that cautious, fatoful knocking at tho door. 'But with tho morning light both sho and Rosalind woro ashamed' of thoir terrors, the day wns fino and bright, and Anne, brought their break fast, us the postman's knock was heard at their door. , ' ? ? Thoro was a letter, for Rosalind ; as she road it, her faco brightened. ' ' Lopk hero,. Phil,.' sho said, ' it's from tho editor of tho Picadilly... He -wants to Bee mo at one o'clock about, somo moro articles. Isn't that gorgeous P.,Tlio only .thing is.',' — nervously , — 'thatljEeolalraosttook shaky to go. That horrid man last night remindod mo too dread-, fully of Riohard.' ,' ' .. ; 'I know;; so ho- did me. But if wo'ro. going to see ghosts in. every drunken -man,' wearily, 'wo willleadia eheorfullife. Go! Of course you; must go, .and I'll go with you as far as tho agout's for the flats. Wo niust havo tho night watohman put on our stairs. I'm' not going' to havo my nights — and my looks — spoiledi'by' a drunken tramps. Wo can go in a hansom, if you. fool tired.' She glanced', idly at tho , envelope Rosalind had thrown down. She had seen writing oddly- liko that onco ;: somehow it reminded her of Stanhopo; - ' Watohman. or no watchman,' returned Mrs, Warwiok,, nervously,, '? I don't seo how I can stay .horo to- night while you'ro at tho theatre ; all alone, 'withi Annio and Maisio in (bed. I novor : used to bo- a fool, but I was used to horrors.. Now I shiver at what I -would havo laughod at when I was so miser able.' - ' Come with, mo, of. course,1' rosponded Phyllida practically. '#Baro says you can havo a box any night,, i&you; don't want to como bohind with, mo.' ' ' I dorou't go bohindi Somobody might bo there* who know mo.. -&nd; I hate it — ?oh! Phil, you don't know how I hato evoryfching about a.thoatrOi'' 'Well, you1. can sit in. tho box, and I'll como for you. whon I'm ready,' yawning. ,',Do,.Roso, I couldn't gp.and dauco, thinking ? of you,, sitting, hero' at. homo. /No ono will 'over seo youdn a box you know.' \ 1 'Blif supposo ho camo aud knockod while |Anuo wub aldno'horo I'' fearfully. 1 'Phyllida yawned. .... 'As Anuio novor ovon woko last' night,'' sho .said, scornfully,, ' I don't suppose sho ,wpuld bo much agitated. tShe can bole tho (door. Besides,, tborO' won't bo 'any' ono ; the' ?watchman, will suo to that. What aro -you goiiig to \voar to seoiy.our editor ?,' , ! ' Oh, anything.' ' ? 'Not at all, my angel ' Put on your, bost-, ?hat; Thoro 1b nothing' to- holp ouo' in this. oruel ^yo'rld liko ouo's-bost hat.' But, . in spito, or hoi' best hat, all i'obos ;abavo the soft rosos of hor oliooks, ovon in .Bpitu of hor bost shoos, Mrs. Warwiok 1 tromblod as sho. wont up.' tho dark 'stairs to- tho oflico of, tho Pkcadilhj, As tho boy took, in, hor card, sho.wasintwo minds about run ning, for her lifo,,but ahe onught sight oMior solf in a clingy mirror and took onurago.. Not that tho beauty, of Vonus would do hsr any. good ,if her work was bad, but that nothing; londs bravery' to a woman Uko kuowiag sho is 'woll dressed. \- In si do tho. glass door o£ tho officotwo mon Bat, sirioking c-igarotlos. Tho proprietor was new to tho honours of owning a. niagnzino, and if ho had not boon a frioud of tho editor's, would 'liavo boon an uuboarablo nuiBiinco . to that, goutlomnn. , Aa it was, ho- ruthor likod his iucossant visits, oupooially in tha middlo of ,tho month, whon work wna slaolc, (2'o 60 continued,') 