TfiE Kynhrnm FrsE Prsns. vox fopuli vox.: Dei. Official Organ of the Shire of Deakin THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898. Change of Habits.—Says an Eng lish exchange, “ a singular change has come over the habit of the rabbit since it became .acclimatised in Australia. Here it burrows, in the ground, but in that country it is in the habit of climbing trees, which it can do with great facility, for the purpose of feeding ®n the leaves and bark, of which it seems particularly fond.” Death —On Sunday last Alfreda Annie, an eight-years-old daughter of Mr Thos. Muirson, of Taripta, passed away from this life after a few weeks illness. The cause of death was puerile hemorrhage, for which she had been attended by Dr Wight. The funeral took place on Monday, the remains being interred in the Nathalia cemetery. The Ecv F. Delbridge was the officiating clergyman, and Mr G. H. Bishop conducted the funeral arrangements. The Lancaster School Trouble — The agitation for the removal of the school at Lancaster to a more convenient spot was brought before the Rodney Board of Advice at its meeting last week, when a deputation waited upon that body. After some discus sion it was resolved that a meeting of parents interested be held, at which members of the board and the school inspector would also be present, and that the department be asked to take no action in the matter until the result of said meeting was ascertained. It is hoped that the question of sites will then be finallv ■ ttled. School Improvements.—The Education Department proposes to effect certain repairs at the St. Germains State School at a cost of | £30. What is really required is a firestick to be applied to the teacher’s presenti quarters and the construction of a new building fit for human habitation and possessing some con veniences. A single man might possibly—if ho knocked all of the rooms into one—find breathing space, but to condemn a married man and family to live in such a place during a Goulburn Yalley summer, and fine him (by making him pay rent) if he prefers to live in a tent, is a refinement of cruelty worthy of the earlier ages. The Weather.—On Monday 33 points of rain were registered in Kyabram. Stormy weather appears to have prevailed throughout the colony, and reports from all parts an nounce a welcome change. Seme of the late crops will doubtless be benefited by the moisture and cool weather which followed, M‘Coy’s Bridge.—This bridge is in a very shaky condition and appears to be gradually sinking at the western end. In spite of this fact, however, vehicles still cross. Action is necessary at the very earliest opportunity to endeavor to effect.- repairs and put it in proper order again. Shire Loan.—In another column is ad vertised by the Shire of Deakin tenders for the purchase of 12 debentures of £100 each, bearing interest at the rate of 4 per cent.’, payable half-yearly. Tenders are returnable on Tuesday, December 20. Township Recreation Reserve._ It is pleasing to note that, thanks to the persistency of Mr J. W. Mason, M.L.A.. the Departmental “at once” has had a definite meaning on one occasion at least. The reservation of the Kyabram Township recre ation reserve, 28 acres 1 rood 11 perches, has been duly gazetted. Let us hope that the appointment of committee of management will speedily follow. Police News.—On Wednesday, before Messrs J. Eais and J. Dobinson, J'.sP., John Johnson was charged by Constable Hehir with stealing a roast of beef from Mr Thos Hayes’ butcher’s shop the previous day. The constable deposed to seeing Johnston coming out of the shop with a parcel hidden under his coat. He entered a shed in Ryan’s yard, stopped there a few minutes, came out and ran down the baak street, jumped over M‘Donald’s fence, through the yard and leaped over iuto Allan street again by Cook ing’s. The constable caught him there and made inquiries as to why he ran away and what he left in the shed. Johnson denied running away or that lie. put anything in the shed. On going back to search a roast of beef was found wrapped up. Patrick Hayes re cognised the roast as one he had put in the shop about half-past 2. He had not sold it to anyone. Defendant, who pleaded not guilty, made no statement, but contented himself with asking the constable a few questions. The Bench held the charge proved and sen tenced Johnson to seven days’ imprisonment with hard labor. Denis Neaton was charged with having no lawful visible means of sup port. Constable Dugan deposed that defen dant had been about the to unship for two or three days and did not appear quite right in his head. He was begging from place to place and was in a filthy state. The man had been arrested for his own good, as he might be all right if properly looked after for awhile. Neaton asked to be let off, promis ing to leave the town and'get to work. The Bench remanded him for three days. Rodney Council.—This body meets at the shire offices, Tatura, on Monday next. Death' or a Well-Known Cricketer. —The news of Mr Richard Wootlon’s death will be received with regret by all sportsmen, he being a familiar figure in cricket fields years ago, while his prowess with the gun was well known. Although suffering for years from Bright’s disease, it was only a few weeks ago that the malady evinced danger ous symptoms, and Mr Wootton was removed to the Mooroopna Hospital; but unfortun ately medical efforts were unavailing, and he passed away on Sunday last. His family are widely known in the Rushworth district, he being the licensee of the Waranga Hotel, on the Murchison road, while his brother keeps another hotel in the town of Rushworth. The funeral on Sunday was sufficient testi mony of the respect in which he and his wife and famdy of seven were held, the cortege being a very large one, headed bv the Rush worth Band, who played the Dead March at the grave He was better known as a cricketer, particularly for his bowling; and his per formance against Shrewsbury’s English Eleven some years ago, at Benalla, is fresh in the memory of those who admired “ Dick ” Wootton as a thorough sport. He was only 42 years of age at the time of his death, and genuine sorrow is expressed by those’who knew his worih, at his early demise. Cricket.—A scratch match was played on the local ground yesterday, when sides were chosen by Messrs Richards and Wilson. The scores were:—Wilson’s team—Hotham 7, Dawes 4, L. Day 0, Wilson 43 (not out), Mitchell 1, W. Day (junr), 12, Dugan 13, Breen 0, byes 1 ; total 81. llicharcTs’ team —Miller 11, R. Haslem 5, Cooper Joy 8, Richards 25 (not out), M‘Lean 14, W. bay (senr), 5, M'Kinnon 0, G. Clements 8, byes 2 ; total 84. J A Time-Honored Practice.—Bishop Murray, Roman Catholic Bishop of Maitland, New South Wales, condemns the practice of using flowers at funeral ceremonies (says the Sydney “ Daily Telegraph.”) He considers it oue of silly sentiment. No possible good could come of it It was all vanity, and pomp, and folly. Alms deeds and prayers for the dead were preferable. At times ihere were pretty floral crosses and handsome wreaths sent by friends to place upon the 00*303 and graves of departed ones at a cost of several pounds. It was a useless extravagance, which should be discontinued. The Plenary Council, which sat in Sydney in the year 1895, he said, ex pressed. x desire that the practice should be abolished by the various priests in as gentle, yet firm, a manner as possible, and, so far as they were* able, strictly prohibit the use of flowers in connection with deaths. “ When I die,” said his Lordship; “ there will be no flowers ; but I hope there will be plenty of rosaries, plenty of prayers, Masses, and Holy Communions.” Boring for Gold.—In connection with the mining vote we_not.ice that the Goulburn Valley is to be exploited in the hope of find ing gold leads. We take the following from the Minister’s proposals on the matter :—In the valley of the Goulnurh a line of bores will be placed to test 1 he probability of a ■ main lead being found. The upper half of this river drains a very extensive area of auriferous couutry, and as many of its tribu taries have oeen payable, it is reasonable to assume that a lead exists, which may be pro fitably worked. If this were proved it would open up about 50 or 60 square miles of coun ty Kyabram Railway Station.—Goods and parcels are waiting at above for the following .-—Parcels—J. A. Finlay, P. Hogan, Jos Robertson, D. Singh, J. B. Isiug, S. Pell, S. Harris. J. Fleming, R. Leek, Jas Allan. E. Rogers, W. Haughton, Duncan Menzies (2), P. Bourke, F. T. Doherty, Doual Fram, Jno Pell, P. Cunningham, Pederick, Muirson, M‘l.ean, Moorhead, Dobinson, Barnett, Boyd, Parkinson, Peel, Robinson, Carolan. Goods — H. Ryan, S. Pell, J. Gray, R. Breen, Men zies, T. Ryan. J. M'Kenzie, Muntz, Guinan, Hearn. Train Service.—The new time-table is to hand, showing that on and after December 1 an extra train will run from Toolamba to Rchuca on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday evenings, and from Ec'.nca to Toolamba on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday mornings. More Assistance Required.—The busi ness at the Kvabram railway station has increased considerably of late and the S.M. (Mr Orr) recently applied for another porter. The traffic manager recognised tbe justice of the application and granted the request. Porter Buckley has arrived to take up the duties. Taken to the Hospital.—The lad, William Condick, who had his leg broken through a fall off a cart wheel which he was using as an impromptu bicycle, was removed to the Eehuea Hospital on Friday last for treatment, and is progressing as well as can be expected. The Law’s Last Penalty.—Alfred Archer, the Strathmerton murderer, paid tbe last penalty of the law for his crime on the scaffold on Monday morning. He slept well the night before and met his death firmly. He made a confession of his guilt to the Rev R. Elliot, of Numurkah, who had attended him to the last. Archer appeared truly penitent and stated lhat he was pre pared to meet his God. Echuca Sub-Treasury.—Accounts for the following are awaiting payment at the above Sub-Treasury:—J. Lancaster, S. Lan caster, It. O. Pederick, W. J. Pederick (3) J Trevaskis. . . w’ ' -URF Llub Meeting.—Ageneral meeting of members of the Kyabram Turf Club wifi be held at Ryan’s Commercial Hotel at 8 p m on Thursday next, December 1, when arrange ments will be made for holding the annual meeting, fixing the date, drawing up Dro. gramme, &c.; ^ Wheat Market. The wheat market is weau, and latest quotations are 3s 0M1 to 2s lo/01’ Pl'ime Und 38 £°r g°0d ; new wheat, Electors Rights.—Persons qnal take out electors rights are reminded tl 1st December is the last day on whie can do so to ensure enrollment on th rolls. A Musical Treat.—The Ru Brass B ind will visit Kyabram on next and play a number of selec music in the open-air, commencing p.m. A collection will afterwards t up in aid of the hospitals. The band to be liberally patronised for their cl efforts. Seaside excursion tickets are advi obtainable up to April 30, 1899. Eleven platelayers were killed in through the Philadelphia express over them daring a fog. Bombardier Carter, of Geelon^ < in winning the Queen’s prize. T? K the runner- up. A would-be ghost seared a ni timid persons in the vicinity of cently. Some men laid wait tor h wards, effected a capture, and then tered a severe beating with a pa more ghosts for that young mqn. Grubs resembling caterpillars h doing great harm to the onion cro Mount Gam bier di,trict. A Bill has been passed in Mao restrict aliens from over-running 1 gum-fields. Numerous aliens an field, principally Austrians, whose alone are put down at nearly 2)300. The Board of Health has decider tute proceedings against the Echuc Club for utilising the recently erecl stand without, it is alleged, the reqi of the Board, having been complied - During the recent epidemic of r Sydney 200 deaths occurred ther the metropolitan area. Messrs Bourchier Bros, of Yai offer a reward of £50 for the dig person or persons guilty of sowing or mandrake in one of their crop Each alternate half of the land yi foreign weeds. 