A WOLF IN WOOL. A COMPLETE SHORT STOEY. CFOE THE 'STJNDAT TIMES.') ? ^^^ P11 Eeverend )//ralP-byer-16ote4 ?j' 'f§&\»- swiftly to and frp between the old man and the . yo un-g; carefully reap ing. His gla-nce . e.ach time over | the 'girl, who. . stood; between '/.— *?& tall gi rl ; and ? well''-- -fen,-. '? tnrod.with* red dish hair' and a look; of defiant misery upen * li e r t o a r- . Btained face. She gazed at -the carpet.; father and .brother gazed afc hor^ and there -wa3, a grim little silonc» bflfore the clergy ,ra^p, with - curious lack -:-f his customary fluent assnrance, suggested seats. The Ileverend Nathaniel was a. fair man, short and inclined to.be caponlined, with. ?watery blue eyes, ana a fork of sandy beard beneath a voluptuously lifeappro ciative month. The two men planted themselves upon chairs -with the awkward precision of .rustics, and tho young woman's figure, as. -she remained .standing alone, made it evi dent, thafc if she wasn't married there had been breach .on her part of one' of the most ' stringent social canons.'' ' A emel disgrace,*' the old man called, it, ' to them that has always been able to look any man-in the fsioor-^-meanin' ineself, bit, an' ma sou Charles there. An' if her motuer'd been alive — : — ?' The big-h naEal voice broke'off. and the shaggy-browed old ^fellow peered into the battered stra,w bat as if seeking the rest of the sentence. yj will not— pretend to misunderstand you.' The clergyman's tones seemed to -irag- ^themselves, out; of him. 'I hayo already heard something of this— rthis unfortunate visitation. And I need not \- sayrtbafc my Leartf el t sorrow—' ; An odd little sound — a mere splinter of mirthless laughter — cut him short.; j' Brazen I' the old man said, moving his ?chair further away from the' girl. ' Things \yras bad' enough, bufc we didn't count on ihat~—Ai& we,' Charl-os ?' | Charles — sis fsefc-two 01 wire and. leather — -gave anangry hitch to his waist 1 strap. .'* I'd drown her if I had my way !' 'jia said, viciously. u An' as for the feller— ' . Mr, Slobyer half rose from his seat and .held up a plump deprecatory hand. .'*' Hush,. Charle3 1 Hu3h !. As Christians, [my good, lad, it is- our duty to -make every ' allowance- fbi: tho erring, to. take iufco uo 1 count — .' Tiio mere ghost of a glance from 'tho girl mad,a- him stumble, and his pale ' eyes , flickered as he turned hurriedly to. the old man. '''What is it I can do' for you ? 'Why' — be seemed to swallow spme ?thing hard— ' why have you brought her here?' 'I have brought her to you, sir, to her paotor, as hem* the proper person to ? spostulate with 'er, to pint out her wieked ?ness in refusin' to give up the name of the man, the cursed villain ! — askin' your pardon, sir — who — ' ' Ah !' The pastor's tallowy cheak .flushed, and the slink wenfc out of his -back as. his eyes, with a new. meaning, in thetn, met the girl's, for tho first time, full. She has not; mentioned names then. '1 was afr^thafc is,' — with a violent effort he forced back into his voice its pro fessional cadence, as he caught the ancient's surprised eye — 'the matter is so ! truly lamentable that I am as 'much upset as if' it were my own daughter. Bat' — '.he laid his pastoral hand on the old man's jironbark knee — 'are you sure, my -dear 'brother^ that if; is advisable— that, in short, ?there is anything now t,o bo gained by 'eliciting the name of the guilty person — ' \ 'Any thin' to bo gained!' Bespecfc for ,tho cloth scarcely prevented the old man ' 'from shouting. He jumped *o his feet and [flung ont windmill arm. ' Hot muqh to be .gained, certainly, by the party himself, .'cept asajmightj ahidin'as CharJ-es there an' laesqlf can giv-e him !-^eb, la.d ?' ? Charles, anticipafcively contemplating his freckled boulders of knuckles, wa8 understood to intimate through his sun Bkinned-nose that he required no assistance upon t'liafc contract. 'An' we'll spot the cove alright -.some day; he can make his mind easy about that, w lioever be is ! ' . Mr* Slobyer got stiffly up. 'This lan guage; young man, is unseemjy in my pre sence; y And, as for you, too, my doar brother Jarrick, ib is my duty, as your pastor in the .Lord, to rebuke you' for pur posing to requite evil withe^il. Nay, more, Bjnc^ your intentions are thus ireprehen Bibjy incompatible' with your Christian membership, I am of opinion thab,your. daughter has done well to keep her secret. And I would impress upon her new ' — he fixed the girl with a look as significant as his slowly-enunciated words — ^the 'im-oeratiye necessity, for her own, for the ? sake of all concerned, of continuing t-o keep Sfc ! '?'. ' Hifl eye,' resting steadily now on Hilly Jarrick's, told her that the arrested sentence would have been ' for her own,8ake.' The corners of her mouth went contemptuously down, . ' » ? 'I will keep uiy secret ! ' slie said, reso lutely. '.Not* for my own sake, uor for the mau'3 1 Bub I will keep it ! ' Her eyes, as she apolje, travelled to a largo wa.ll photograph of a woman-r-yonnjj juidilark and slender— with nu infant in her arms. ^Slobyer's gaze followed hors, and his lips nearly placed themselves for an ?nncjoncal whistle. ' l^or her sake, is ib ?' he said to himself. ' All the better ! Bub wlip'd have expected that?'. . '?$:?.?? ? ? - ? '? ? ? . , \- '^Tbat girl of Jarrick's, Nathaniel,' said Mrs. Slobyer, ono day, several m,6nt'ns . ; la,ter, ' has she confessed, who the father of her child is ?' ? EewerenA Slobyor. looked . fixedly out of tlie window. 'I don't think So., .^haven't heijrd anything of ib, afc all events.' ' Obstinate as- wel.l as vicious! Don't yojii' think ib your duty to take her in hand yourself ?'?? 'X my dear ! . To what orid ?' ?* To what^eud ?' Mi#. Slobyer pn{; down her boot: S'he was :S-itu and dark, and \- sharp-voiced. ' 'Whjjt a question ' for a clergyman 1 To1 tho end, / should say, thafc- BCDundrelisni shou.ld be exposed and punished — as f?-.r as tho nuvle offender .ever i3 punished in these cases !** Tho Jtevevend Ifathryiiel, bethinking himself of long .Charley Jarrick's a^e-. tougieued arms and brickbat fists, told himself fcbafc the ..male offender ? in. this, Jnst;apca'C(i:o-xd a chance o£ very adequate . jmnjf-hm&nb; indeed. , : 'iyelUyou. see', ilaria, young Jarrick is . go violentljrincaused against the unknown tbsfel think, the girl isj right to keep sflfftrc». To confess might; mean murder.' * His wifs- cogitated, ._$'!- wondep. i£_ Nathaniel flsspects anybody in 'particular. ' ^v»rgofc3nv own, doubts, about that young/ fellow w» tried to gefc dtgeharged from the pofifc- ofSc0 ienr sjiyinff .thafc churches and Imowtts haw nothing th do with religion. -M&& b* capaH'Q of -anythiqg 1 I think I'll («S£B*«0t».'tbo wretched-girl myself —men are 'tools in ikese roattoE?/* # ^ # » ? * ? * Bastard, Mts, fiiobyei J You may as ''Weft- spy ifc a? »»y- father an' bpotber. The ?'?WOTtS's hardjyever oft* tbeir tongues now.^ t ''Ife'ils -only wrhafe yau have to expect. .jSwiSfebyct'^ moral snifi -waa perfect}, her ^yrte preserve a highly ye^ctabledis-j 'Unc0'ix&m; fibs &&\- ..*%-- -?»?« stood at., ^Brin^'thp aisgracefoi Jittla object h.erej I tsteh to awit/ ' m .- -: ,?'-.-' Willy JveticWs flush of' profcosb jiffainst tU&tonQ.gMo; her fftco ft charm that hardened the, other woznan's heart the more. .' I do not sho(w him to people, ma'am.' '.What nonsense\ girl. I am your clergy man's wife_.' MiUy whitQped.aga.in, and her month set ?itself. ' I will not; shpw you my child ! ' '?ETofc show mi6'H' How dare you 1 Do you forjjet what yo'c ar.e ?' . The , woman's voice was like a whip. , There was. obviously something behind this ? ?unwillingoieas to produce the poor little 'piece de conviction. . ; The, .auburn head wept down, 'lam :nob likely to forget what I am as long as there' is a kind Christian left to put me in ?mind of it. Bub I have a right to my feelin's all the, same.' , ? ? t. ? ' Feeliugs 1 The feelings of -^ a . str.nmpeb )' ' ? . ? .Ths l.i.st .word was half whispered, but the girl backed, as from, a blow. 'Prom you !' she. said. . ' Fr,om you of all people] Oh.-rnj GoS-!' ? Mrs. Slobyer snid nothing. A vague apprelierisiou seised her, as the girl stepped quickly into the house and came back with tha little breathing bundle. A couple of yards from the gate she shopped short with the infant's face turned to her boson;. ' It's your own doings — this,' she siyid, ?q'uiotiy. 'I WQuld have spared y6u. Look ! ' — .and, with a sudden- motion, she brought the child's face within afoot of the othor woman/s.' Mrs: .Slobyer looked first with curiosity, then with downing suspicion, then -with' horrified cartaiuty, and at the shrill little vcry forced trom her by Jjer discovery young. .Tandck Cftme slouching to the door. Swiftly his sister wheeled round to him. 'I'll tali you now,' she s^xid, 'the child's father is this woman's husband !' Afc a suddoutnrn ia the bnsh t-iiclc the Eev. Nathanitil, plodding plstcidiy home to dinner, found waiting, for h.im two persons whose, business he had little difficulty in., djvininp;. He wojjld have spuwred up his w*a,ddiiug pony, but young Jarrick got hold of .the bi;id.le, old Jarri'ck pulled him out of the saddle, and .together they briefly indicted him. Denial would have b«en. idle; desperation gave him a spice of dignity, ?? Ac your peril !' he said. ' 'Remember I am still your pastor, and that there is a law !' 'There's two laws, mister!' — young Jarrick took a greenhide, whip from under' his coat--' an' this is the one that's going to deal with you at present !' ' An' as for the pastor racket,' old Jarrick said, with savage irony, 'I reckon, yqji was Millie's pasfeo,r to eome purpoee. Lay into hjm, hid, for alityou're worbh — somebody might happen aloug.' But tho pair, Jika most wiry athlotes, had underrated the possibilities of fat. Slobyer ducked nimbly under the first savage sweep -of the whip^jclasped too Ions man- round the angles, and brought lum -down with auch a crash that) he-uidn'c dis play any immediate intention of getting upagaiu. ? - In an instant, then, the Keverend.lfa thaniel w,as in the saddle, and off as- fsisb as his fussy little beast could lay leg to ground. . ?? oil ! — you- called her thafc, did you ?' All Slobyor's oil was gone. He (-poke with cynical abruptness. ' And then ?' ' The.n she showed me the — yout child ! There is no mistaking it ?' 'So like its dad as all that, eh?' he re^ turned, coolly. 'I?id you know ib was on your accfeuct she kept the secret so long ?'' Mrs. Siobyer laughed contemptuously. ' So she was good enough to say 1' ' Ah, well — 3ince you've dragged it. out of her and gob tha-t pairr of ruffians on to me — I'll reward you, later on, with, a little piece of'important information. Meantime, I'm off to the police station about a warrant ? for these Jarwcks.' But it was to the railway station he 'betook himself instead; and it. was from Sydney, three days later, that the promised ' piece of information ' arrived in a letter. 'Before I- start for-r-needn't name it — I just w»nb to \eb you know thab if Milly Jarrick is what you called her, you're tarred with exactly. the s.ame brush. When I 'married' you the origiaai and only genuine Mrs. Slobyes was alive and hearty' Tn Brisbane. T*-ta ! — A. Sl'o.bteb.' 