Kept. In that ever - precious prayer of our Lord, pre served for us by John (Ch. xvii), are the words : ' While I was with them in the world, I kept them in Thy name : those that thou gaveet me I have kept.' Again in the prayer Jesus says : ' I pray not that Thou shouldeBt take them out of the world, but that Thou ahouldst keep them from the evil.' Nor was this prayer limited to those immediate fol lowers of His gathered about Him, filled and thrilled with His divine presence : ' Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also who shall believe on me through their word.' How comprehensive! The great heart of Christ in its boundless love went out in prayer to the Father for all His fol lowers in all the ages. He prayed for us. Then Peter tells us in his first general letter, speaking of the believers' inheritance to which we have been begotten in Christ, that it is ' reserved in heaven for us, who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation.' . . . This keeping power of Implies God implies that there is Danger. danger in our pathway. There are enemies without and weaknesses within. Many and mighty are the efforts of the foes of our souls to deceive and to destroy our I faith, our peace, our hope. But bow assuring, in the midst of temptations, difficulties, and dangers, te know tbac we may draw upon the unlimited power of God to sustain us ! ' Call upon me, and I will answer thee,' is the promise. ' Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it,' is the word.' This keeping power extends to ail the realm of our individual life. The divine interest in us reaches to the | minutest details of daily life. ' The steps of a pood man are ordered of the Lord.' Every morning the child of God may look up into his heavenly Father's face and say : ' Keep me this day, O my God, for Jesus Christ's sake.' Forth to his daily task he may go with a consciousness that the power of God is around him as a defence, and within him a sustaining, comforting presence. We must ever remember, Payable however, that this power On Demand, is supplied upon the faith. Like the deposit in the bank, payable oil demand, so the power of G-od, sufficient for all needs, is granted according to the demand of faith. Cons tant faith means constant power. How ir the power supplied, do you ask ? By the Holy G-host. ' Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you.' He dwells within the believing heart, and strengthens the inner man for the defence and the for ward march. Remember, this power of God has never failed. It built the mountains ; it formed the stars and holds them in their course ; it has guided man in his progressive march through the ages. It will not fail thee. Kely upon it ; stand upon the promises. — Cal. Christian Advocate. How often we sing it. Blessed «' Blessed assurance, Jesus Assurance, is mine ! ' Indeed it ib blessed to know — to know our sins forgiven, to know Christ as personal Saviour, Divine Friend, Heavenly Companion. This knowledge which produces, by the Holy Spirit, peace and contentment of mind, hope of soul and joy of heart, is a great heri tage of our faith. Job of old naid : ' I know that my redeemer liveth.' Paul says : ' I know whom I have believed.' Again he Bays, ' We know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were rHssnlvfirL wft havn a hnilHinrr of fi-nrT an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.' John says much about this personal, spiritual knowledge. It hae been the comfort and strength of saints in all the ages. Its defmiteness, clearness and reality defy contradiction. In these days of superficiality, from which the Church has not escaped, it is well that we believe, and preach, and profess that ' we know that we have passed from death unto life.' Tbe old phrase, ' experi Religion an enced religion,' is not Experience, often heard now. We are getting too formal. To pin tbe Church is a matter objective. To be converted is an experience sub jective. Many are contented with the mere act of joining the Church, which carries with it little or no experience other than that which comes from the carrying out of a fixed resolution. There is a great deal more than this for the believer. Conversion in the New Testament sense, and there is no other worth considering, carries with it an inner experience, ' a change of heart,' that is indeed a ' new creation,' a ' life from the dead.' This means peace and love, joy and faith, rest and hope ; it means fellowship with G-od. Whoever Vina aiip.1i an ATrtniMATiAA known it. ' Whatever a man experiences he knows. Tt is the knowing that constitutes the experience. If he did not know the experience he could not be said to have it. There is no consciousneBB of which we are not conscious, or of which we have not knowledge.' We know — Blessed Assurance ! ' What we' have felt and seen 'With confidence we tell ; And publish to the sons of men The signs infallible. We who in Christ believe .. That he for, us hath died, We all his unknown peace receive,1 And feel his blood applied.' - — Cal. Christian Advocat^, ' Kill ^-al- vour passions to and make death- Thev ™1! ,riae alive.' UP ev can ' y e ' terrible taproots, and you will never pull them up; but your deter mination must be to destroy them. You may have to do it openly. I have known men who have had to lose all their character to win their souls. It is a solemn process. There are downright damnable things in most men who call themselves Christians, aud they are cherishing them. Bring thara out and put them to death. — W . H. Webb-Peploe. 