— T|0N — A SIN OFFERING. CHAPTEH HI. VISCOUNT IIIIAIUZON, The announcement of tho engagement between young Will Carteret and Elizabeth StanhoiMi wn« acepted with gonernl favour both by their Immediate friends and by society, mid tho lovers thonmylvcH wero niOru lurvuuny iu»i»«uvu, «»«« ...v. ........ ........ dftntly happy, than often happens in these cool and cautious days. There was, howevur, one marked excep tion' to thu general chorus of congratula tion. ' , ' Edward, Lord Bmblzon, a miut who hod courted thu girl's mother when thu buutt tlful Anno IUUhvcn, and who hrid renewed his umvcleoiiie addresses since her widowhood, sot his face steadily ngnlnst tho matoh, and— what was more to tho purpose —his ' tongue to ridieulu and disjmrago The peer in question was at this timo about fifty years of ago and unmarried. He had Htarted iu life with splendid advantages,; good estates, and well nursed during a long minority, and tho hcrltngo of an hnnotiralilu name, to which wero added considerable personal accomplishments and oimrm. But thoir possessor counted everything null and void owing to tho pitlablo congenital uml»dy whioh turned existence into one long appro- honslon. Epilepsy was tho drop of honey in tho poison of his lot. Bettor, ho said to himself, not to have beuu horn at all, tho attitude of ids mind being that of furious rebellion, us against a shameful injustice which set him free from tho restraints binding on his fellows. Handicapped by tlda ignominious weakness hi tho ruoo of life, lie dollbcmtuly resolved to seize and exhaust what compensations wero open to hliu, without suiuplu and without moderation. It wah Baid by those who wished to find ex cuses for his subsequent excesses that a good woman would at any timu have saved him, and that Ted Brublzon never went wholly to tho bad until his suit had been rejected, as already stated, by Anuu Buthvcn (afterwards married to Bir Algernon Btanliape), o., the grounds, not ho tuuoh of his evil ropulo, as of his constitutional iinlirmity. Whether this wero true or not, it is certain thnt few men of his ago bad a worse reputa tion, or look morn pains to defy tho oniuious thoy outraged. When a man has pledged all the energies of Ills being to norvo tho world, the flesh, and the devil, tho record will not bear transcription ; in this easo bo thorough was tho resolution to oxhaust all thu possibilities of evil that society itself (seldom intolerant of great men's vices) was constrained to turn its hack and shut its doors against Viscount Brnbizon. Even amongst tho ranks of tho aspersod British matron no mother could have been found willing to givo hor daughter to this man's arms. Scornful of tho disgraoo he bad taken stioh pains to socuro, Lord Brnbizon wont abroad for a timo, trying fresh oxperimots in self- indulgence in tho different capitals of Europe until at length satiety sot in, nnd he dissnpeared from tbo hiumta of civilisa tion. For a period of many years tho darkness swallowed him up ; he was ropovted from Hiiro to timo to havo been disaovcrcd in India, South America, nnd .Input), but ho invariably shunned the recognition of his compatriots, mid kept the secret of his modus of life. But a few years before this story begins Lord Brnbizon had returned to London, and rc- established himself in the ordinary routine of social existonco. Tho world surmised that it was the know ledge that Lady Htnuhopc was a widow which led him to this new departure ; at all oveuts ho was prompt in renewing tho old courtship and hud apparently renounced or curbed the oxcesscs of hit) youth. Tho return to forinor surroundings after such an absence is u sort of resurrection ; old acquaintances and old impressioiiR havodlsap- E mired, nnd it is possible to innko now ones, esldus, thu world in this connection fa by no means a hard taskmaster, and when thu middlougcd voluptuary showed signs of umondmnnt uiid respectability it was quite willing to let by-goncs be by.goncs. Twenty years had changed the slim and lovely muiden of eighteen into a still more beautiful woman, and the old lover rcnuwed Ida vows with thu ardour nnd, indeed, with the intemperance of his youth. absolutely bad, and it was at least to tlds man's credit that he was faithful to tho purest feeling ho had ever known, and though this diRappointmont was inevitable, it may fairly bo regretted that the bitterness of it stirred up unew the half dormnntsplto and malice of his nature. He refused to necopt as flnul his rejection by Lady Stanhope, hut still continued to per secute her with his attentions, and to follow lior'to ovary public resort within his power. Tho antioyuncu was the greater that she and her daughter w.»s singularly alone in the world, having no near male relative to stand up in their defence or to try conclusions with tho offender, so that it led on mora than one oconssion to their cutting short their Loudon season nnd returning to thu seclusion of their country house. They continued to reside there during the iiutum and wintor of 81, Lady Btunhopc being well content td indulge her beloved daughter and her accepted lover with tho opportunities for constant intercourse afforded by their close neighbourhood, and to rest herself in the security of her own hearth. To tho young pooplo it was n spell of ex- quisitu happiness never effuced from their re collections, but as the spring opened nnd the clAlms of tho trousseau became pressing— for tho marriago was fixed for Juno -it wns held necessary to go up to town, Lady Stanhope taking apartments in Hans Place, us who hud been accustomed to do on former occasions. Will as a matter of oourso accompanied them. A substantial feature of tho Cartel et proncrty consisted of a fine old house in Pic cadilly, which had come to thom us part of tho dower of their maternal grandmother. I Thu brother up to this timo hud lot thu hnure; | hut, iu view of thu young man's marriago. Giles hiul, in hln munificent vmy. nrndo lnm n present of tlio title-deeds, nnd lind Wdden him rc-dcconito nnd rc-furnish under the di- rcctlon of his future mother-in-law. While this work was in progress Will, as ft matter of convenience, occupied a room or two In the house. .. At this time he often wild lo himself that ti» the whole sweep of God's ear n nu man more blessed than himself eotild be foiiml. Tbo little ctouil that had obscured his sunshine —his brother's lovu for Elizabeth— was pass ing away, for Giles hud come home as ho promised, and there was not a hint in his ho- hiiviour to the lovers of any soreness or dis appointment. Tin espoused their Interests at all points as if thoy had been his own ; hut tho reserve of a inan with whom lrcservo has been the habit of a lifetime is always calcu lated to mislead tbo ordinary observer. Neither bis brother nor Elizabeth lacked ths crimination as a rule, hut the inevitable ab sorption of lovo dimmed their sagacity. Amongst other results of their engagement was that Lord Brnbizon found himself, in his relations with Lady Stanhope, at a greater disadvantage than before. Ho hiul at once on her return to town re newed ills previous prosecution, but ho now discovered that she had two formidable cham pions in tho brothers Carteret. Giles, Indeed, had charged himself with a direct commis sion to hin lordship, in which he required from hitn, In Lady Stanhope's name, a ces sation of Ills obnoxious attentions. The manner in which ho fulfilled this duty was carefully courteous, but thn manner admitted of no mistake. This interference stimulated tlio hostility which Lord Brublzon had always entertained for the Cartcrets. It is not difficult to under stand tho grounds of Ids dislike. In a way they recalled to him his own youth, without the curse which had invali dated its privileges and robbed him of the chances thuy found easy to secure. To sec tho Rweot and stately Elizabeth by the side of her happy lover was to be mocked, as it were, by the ghost of his own frustrated hopes, nnd to inspire in his disordered mind an almost insane desire to wreck a condition of things from which, for the second time, ho was himself shut out. The popularity of tho young man, who was tho easy possessor of ail men's golden opinions, would alone have oxnsporatcd a mind that suffered secretly from tho estimate which the world hold of himself, and which lie considered had been implied in tho bear ing of thu elder brother during his recent interview. To pursue Lady Stanhope any longer had become practically impossible, and it was ft slftn of his inmito vlleness that ho now began to hato tlio woman who had so persistently thwarted hitn, and even to extend the feeling (h her innocent daughter. Ho showed his spite utter his manner, throwing off tho restraints to which he hiul of Into BUlnnlUed. He mado a point of adopt ing an offensive and insulting tone whenever ho camo in social contact with tho brothers Carteret, and exhausted his tnulign ingenuity lo Injure and traduce them In their absence as occasion served. BUt those can laugh who win, "and the ono man was too nappy nnu inu ouiur in different to trouble himself about tbo way in which Lord Urablzon relieved him self of his spleen; therefore, finding him self thus Insolently thwarted and set at naught, ho went further Ktill, and mtffered his venomous tongue to fling public aspersions upon tho fair faiuo of Lady Stan- hopo nnd hor daughter. Such in brief was Uio position of affairs when un event occurred which threw into con fusion nnd dismay, not London only, but the country at large, and changed tho current of many lives. CHAlTEll IV. TIIK CORONKIt BITH. .On the 1st of June, 1882, three wcokn before thu dnto fixed for the Carteret-Stanhopo mar riago, tlio town experienced a great son&a-; tlon. On opening tho morning papers over tho late breakfast table— tho season being now nt tts height, and society in full swing— it was met by a paragraph announcing tho sudden death of Viscount Brnbizon. The unfortunate 1'cer had been found by his butlor lifeless on tho floor of his house in Pall Mull, -when tho man entered to say thnt dinner wan »rvcd. The timo was ten o'clock, for his Lordship's dinner hour was of the latest. Medical assistance being summoned, tho cause of dentil was pronounced to bo a suvoro frnoluro of tho skull, obviously produced by tho sharp odgo of a grunlto pedestal, at tho foot of which Lord Brnbizon was lying. The natural conclusion reached was that he had fallen heavily against it on boing over taken by one of tbosu epileptic fits to which all the world know he was subject. But before tbo day closed on which the fatal accident to tho deceased Peer had been publicly iiiinouuccd, ominous rumors floated in the air, to which thu oveuing papers gave shape and voice. It was now htnlcd thnt death was the result not of a fall, iih had liccu at first hastily sup posed, but of foul play, olosur investigation showing that tho wound at the hack of the head had been inflicted by some blunt instru ment, nut by tbo slinrp odgo of tho granite pedestal. Tito police wero already in posses sion of acluo.uul reserved information, for obvious reasons. Thu inquest was to be held on the following day. U is needless lo say that tho result of tho coroner's investigation was awaited with keen anxiety. Lord Brnbizon, indeed, had but fuw friends, and might reasonably bo supposed to havo mado many enemies, hut murder wont Itoyond his offences. A public sympathy, Inevitable under tho oiroumstaucos, and a plenary indulgence dis tinctly undeserved, gathered round tho - dead man's body. His heir, a nephew, who during his uncle's lifetime hud been unable to Keep on tonus with him, appeared at tho house nt Pall Mall without the loss, of an hour, fired with righteous indignation, and prepared to strain nil the resources of tlio taw tor tho dcteotion of tho criminal.' Tho services of couiisid em inent in eritnimil cases had bean engaged for tiic prosecution. The Inquest was held at . tlio luto Poor's residence, and, after thu observance of ttio u.muI formalities by coronor and jury, tho evidence given before thum may ho briefly summed up. The servants of tho houso were first called. A footman deposed that his fiurdshlp had oome iu about eight o'clock in tlio ovoning and had gmiu direct lo his dressing room, aa his habit was. His valet stated. that on leaving IiIb dressing room Lord Uraldzim went to tho library. He hud mentioned casually lie had loiters to write. .Ills maimer was juat as usual ; there were no signs of excitement or disturbance. Tlie butler guvo his uvidcuco with great pre cision. The first timo he entered tho room it was to t ik:- In a letter thnt had just bcon de livered. IIU master then appeared In his usual health, and was busy at his writing- table sorting papers. Tho timo was about half-pn«d eight -o'clock. Under cros«-ex»mimttion, ho explained that U was purl of Ills duty to sue Lord Brublzoii's letters dtdivcud nnd dispatched. . The footman was then recalled, tho Court hanging brcuth)es-Iy on tho facts elicited hy tho dexterous manipulation of tho counsel for tho proo(mthm. 1 Ho slated that about half un hour after thu delivery of tlio letter a gentleman culled who dcelmcd to give his nam, hat was admitted on his saying that he cmno by upjwmtment. Tho visit was brief— perhaps twenty minutes —aim uu leit uio House in an uuutunl Being questioned as to his meaning; tho mnu explained that the visitor had let himself out of the houso, no bell having being rung to summon tho attendance of a Servant. " Did ho know thu gentioinan ho hud ad mitted?" He replied that he did not, haviug :buen only a short time in Lord Brabizon's servico ; but, he added, with some hesitation— tbo ad mission h< hip lit e a (tomb-shell thrown into court- -that mid of the maids who imd scon the vi d'nr going upstairs had told him it was Will Carteret. The maid -crvnnt on being called oried a good deal and was generally incoherent, but tho ou'cmne of her testimony was to tho rffect that " Who was afraid tho gentlouinn sho saw was Will Carteret, unless it was his brother. It was very hard to tell tho differ ence between them at any distance— ono might think they were twins, forthey'wero as like as two liens." Sho also insisted upon ' adding to hor evi dence the statement " that Mr. Will Oartnrct was the nicest gentleman in London— too kind-hearted to hurt a: fly— and that' sho had not seen him in Lord Brnbjzoh's house before." "Whero then had sho seen him?" "In other gentleman's houses. Sho hod not been long In her lato master's service. Lord Brnbizon always dismissed his servants when ho shut up Ids town- house, and engaged new ones whon ho wanted thorn." Tbo butler was recalled He related in a straightforward. ('«Hstinct manner tho finding of Lord 'Brabizon's body stretched on the floor at ihd'fobt'iif thc stafuo when he went in to announce dinnei', as hi duty was, and tho meuus that had been token to restore animation. He had lived with hifl Lordship for some years, and knowing that ho was subject to fits had fcit less alarm than he would otherwise havo done. A doctor bad been sent for at oncc. The medical evidence was then takco, and felt to bo conclusive. Not only had death been caused bv a blow dealt with a blunt Instrument, but tbo instrument Itself had been found on the floor of the librarv. It was a short Indian club, curiously curved and inlaid with the precious metals- ono of Lord Brabizon's foreign curios. It always stood in ft certain niche of the high mantel, and hud doubtless been seized upon hy thn murderer ns a weapon suited to his deadly purpose. Tho massive head of the chili was stained with blood. The inquest was adjourned for the attend ance of the brothers Carteret nnd somo other witnesses, summoned by tho coroner at the instance of counsel. The result of the inquest was to raise to fever point the pulso of public feeling, more especially that section of the public personally acquainted with tho deceased nnd tho accused. Tho strained relations between tho parties were well known, and tho citcumstnnco thnt Will Carteret had disappeared rIiico the mur der lent an ominous significance to the sus picions of which he was tho object. When the inquest was re-opened, ol tne two brothers Giles Cartarct alone answered to the summons, no was much less known nnd less popular than Will, being addicted to long nbseiico of years' duration, passed in adventur-. mis travel lieyond the bounds of tho discovered, and having the reputation (always a dubious one to tho nvcrngo mind) of a singularly re served and taciturn nature. Ho was at home at this time, as was gener ally unknown, in the prospect of his brother's Immediate mnvringc to Elizabeth Stanhope. Very little cvldenco of Importance wus elicited from him ; his object, appeared to be not to speak an unnecessary word. He ailirmcd on oath that ho knew nothing of the transaction, savo from public report, having left London for Paris tho day before the occurrence of tho murder, and not on the samo night, as he had observed had been erroneously reported. Ho repudiated almost contemptuously. tno suspicion that rested upon hi tirolhor, as being a man to whom such a criino was im possible, and claimed entire ignorance of his recent movements, as well as of the unfriendly relations said to subsist botvvcen him and the late Poor. On ibis latter point, however, ono or two friends of Will Carteret, who had been bound over to attend tho adjournment, gave fuller information. They reluctantly admitted that it was a fact well known and oommonly tnlkcd about in society that ill-blood sub- sistcd boon the accused and Lord Brnbizon, and that he had threatened to publicly chastifto tho latter unless certain shameful imputations which had given offenco to the younger man were formally withdrawn. Ono of these witnesses hesitated painfully, and seemed anxious toquullfy tho admissions ho imd made, hut, yielding to legal pressure, oxpluincd thnt tho deceased man had offered a gross insult to tho mother of tho young lady to whom the young Carteret was en- Ho was also led to express tho opinion- responding unconsciously to the subtlo sug gestions for the prosecution— that though Mr. Will Carteret was tho best of good follows and a loyal frioud, his temper was ex citable, and apt at times to get tho upper hand of his self-control. In answer to a further question, ho Gtatcd that his friend was a member of tho lloman Catholic Church. "As all our family havo been since the days of Edward tho Confessor," inter- posed tho deep volco of Giles Car teret. , . The Coronor, as a point of technical pro priety, rebuked the interruption, but asked at tho samo time — "If such were 'also his own persuasion ? Tho limn shrugged Ills shoulders. " The question strikes ttio' as Irrovalent," ho said, " but I sco no reason for shirking it. My personal 1 persuasion ' stands outside all creeds nnd all churches." A slight murmur, indicative of aroused feeling, rose from that quarter of tho room whoro tho jury sat. A unanimous verdict of wilful murder was returned against Will Carteret, and a warrant for his arrest issued, nil tho witnesses present being hound over to give evidence at the Contra! Criminal Court. TO UK CONTINUKD. 