TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAM TO A S'RYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hut water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvie, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other form of paralysis, A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable m lUdy. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45, Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said :-" You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ? " " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms !" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could hair. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bone in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, aid I was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ? " " No I I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor in fact, I could not get out of bed, I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium. and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in, I was under him for five or six weeks. He on me to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxia, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of salt, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary move in fits, He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my lens. ( Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is out infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver treatment doses b at the ears off used in the case of another boiler-maker in England. which I read in the Australian Work- man, by Dr. WI liquid' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the adver- tisements! a case which seemed to see my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Ino effect was as marvellous as it was magic'. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. as I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the sting has of time back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. W ilium»' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man in the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor give me to -leaden toe excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being ub me again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it c firms what is said in all the chief news readers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams'' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxia, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished shots of the blood, such are urie nia, pale and so low complexion, general muscular weakness, run digestion, loss of up petite, shortness of breath, pains in the hurt, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labour Party in the N.S W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our repo ter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was b d ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney H spital, as his case had been proud indeed incurable, Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists. or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Q/ieenV-pliO«, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or half dozen for 15s. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are Bitten. NOBLE TOMMY ATKINS. Lord Roberts ii of chairman of the Executive Council of the Army Temperance Association, and in an article in the December Quivtr, beaded "Sober Soldiers," says:- The latest report, from India confirms the previous year's record of the moral and physical improvement which the Army Temperance Association has brought about amongst our soldiers to that country. The statistics of health are most satisfactory, the admission! to hospital being a bout' 20 per cent. less amongst members of the Association than amongst the men who do not belong to it; while as regards the iii crease in crime the difference is even more remarkable, court - martial convictions interest members of the Army Temperance Associations being only 52 per 1 000 during ib96, as against 2880 per 1,000 amongst men who did not belong to the society. An excellent record surely. May the Army Temperance- Association flourish I OASOADK ftAHl'DEKHY AND SODA ODCB taken always asked for. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIRED my hair is turning grey or white, or falling off use " True MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER " for it will positively restore in every care Green or White Hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most "fir -trees.' It makes the hair onanningur peeuU tuL as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots where the lands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for the Man CAN HAW KXNBWSU*." Sold or chemist and vitamin searchers at is A. per opttie^WbrfaieU DJ»it>j9 surrended Road. London I still \ t 