sHADOW OF WRONa. . ,! BY" CIARLES GIBBON. CHAPTER XII. THIE SIHADOW CLOSING IN.: Mirs. Linley was inL a flutter. She had •i special admiration for D)r. ]lrogden. She looked upon him as the embodi ment of all goodness andi skill. lec sides, lie had attended Marsy when she was ill with the measles, and the good dante considered that his science had saved her daughter's life. Again, he hadl early taken an interest iun her son George, to whom lhe noted as a guide in his medical studies. They shook hands. The dloctor in quired for Mr. 'Linley, senior, and re gretted that his old friend was front hlome. The doctor took off his hat and clonak, and, like a person well aic quahsied with lthe ways of the housc. hung them up ia the hall. The dame then led him into the parlour, where a lris firo wai s blazing, and every *hing had 'an air of comfort. The doctor seated himself by the fire, and. in that quiet. thoughtful way of his, commenced to warm his hands and rub them togetlher. Then began a shower of questions on the lady's part as to her son. ' And how is George, Doctor ?' ' Well, Mrs. Linley, and likely to continue so, I aml glad to inform you.' :'I have such fears for taint boy, Doctor;. it almost disturbs myv rest o' nightd to thing of his delicate chest. You know, !)octor, ihe' was always de icate "about the .wvbat-you-may-ycall 'embn organ?' : :. * lThe doctor bowed' and i smiled as if le perfectly uniderstood' all about the wsatht; vouni-my-call-'em organs. i' lBut hI?a is the young lady who is' ill -?' inquired the d:doctor, just as the dame wsas about to liaunch out into a cross-examninations as to: the doctor's osis hIealth lrnd thIit of his landy. ' Al,- ,poor child,' replied Mrs. Lin ley, ' slieis ini sadistate I'' ' Humipih. ! wihat ase :the symp tomsl?' S:'-Oh, I"don't; :knoi~?!exlctly;-, mow she's one:.thiilg ::'nd tlhie, next' time quite: different'. : i : "?s ;shehieak? 7?'Ts :?: ," '; 'Very-cnii't;eveunsit" ip in bed fbr a nuniute.h i ' Doyost know' the cause of her pre sentlillness ?'"': . ';, ; D"no-except that just "before she camie hers ethe poort child walked 'an awful ;distance, and':shie's never bedn hbetter : since.' '..: : -,: A' Ah--- over-Mxertiqn-.It presumie ?' ' Yes; :something of that sort.'" The doctor said ' A I' ruibbed his hands together,: and looklced into the fire as if h saw a very satisfactory explanatiron of the matter there; then lookced up at IMrs.: Linleyas if a new idea had struck him. ' Is the lady nyn friend of yours ? ' Oh, lor, no; I don't knlow any ilting about her, any more than. you do. We hIiven't been able to ask her anythling, she's been so ill ever since she came; and tlihe old man that's with her wvont tell us anythinig. ' Where did tlhey come from ?' ' There, I can't say, again. The doctor lookled into the fire' again, but this time as if he:'were seeking for something. Not fisidii'g it, hle asked, witlhout drasingg his eyes from the fire, 'Iave you no idea' wllhere she comes from ?' ' Well, I don't lunow how it is;, boit: somohow I fancy that they came froin your place, Caverford.' The doctor brighltened 'ip inme diatelyj. He ceased the handin~- tion process, and ,looking up to :th dlame, ob served : ' Ah ! I think' I: Icnoe youi guests, Mrs. Linle'y!' ' Eh! decry nm, do you non" ' 'I thinllc so, but I may be mistalcen. Howerer, you :must~,ask,me no ques tions aboutithem nndah yi'ou must not be 'surprised: if :t slhould take them away from youI." The good ,dame Linley opened her eyes anid mouth'in blank amazeuent. 'hy;" they 'haven't done anything, doctor ' " " ;:" ' Humph ou imu?tnstn' inquire too p~artieularly..just.:now, Mrs Linley.4 W' Well,.no, of:cousse not; I wont askl . out anyj questious-oidij they ltaven't conmmitted aimurder, .or somnething terrible, .live lthey, :now ?' _.isquired Mrs. L-ihnleynin a state of iitense ex: citement. .: 'There, now !'s reqlied the doctor, sitl a dlepseentory .'motioii of his lhanids ; 'you are just doing whiiat you promised not tb dod.' . No, nod, of course. But they ha'ien't run away witls themselves ?' she .asl~ed unsde, her lbireith. ' That is precisely what they have Goodness gracious 'hush. you. must say nothing at pruseint,' interrupted l ithe dctori: de cisively;.' but, 'vitsth he lland'i smiile, turning .his perem.ptosy a n'vds into llayfulness,' ho nontund , ' Will 5dii showme ndto the room of iny patient ?' ' Yes, :yes~-crtdiily,' replied the daemne,' :flurriedly; ',I? should hay& dobin so befdre.; But 'iill'.yoiu:have',lsothllng ,to take! befofe?;yot:dsee her ?' . S',Nottliig,' thafik;ou' .I am annxious. to lisow if iiiy.;suriitses as'. te the: lady's idedntity'be,:correct' . .' " ''Then come r hisi wayt doetor. We will liave a nice bit of supper ready for you by the time Mou are done. This way, if you.please.' Dame Linley hadi afirm faith in tho efticacy of good 'victuals as a prevcita tive of all the ills that flesh is heir to ; consequently, in conducting the. doc tor to the sick room, sle could not even tlhen forget that hlie lhad travelled i plretty long journsey in an air cele brated for giving good appetites. The doctor rose from his seat, and followed the danme into the lobby, up the staiirs, spd into a cleanly little bedroom. As they entered they did not observe tihe olpen mouth iand ex tended eyelids of little Susy, vwho was seated on a small stool by the head of the bed. She looked as if she had just seen a ghost. Neither did they ob serve thle rustle of the snow-white curtains ias if: soimeone had hurriedly lpassed behisnd-tlhem. E'Imilie, or, 'rather, Amy-now that sls is in pirivate life-then, lay on the lied ippareutly in a troubled 'sleep. She llusttered strange words now ind sagain, and stirred aits if someone were touchsinig her and sihe were endeawoir Iung to shrink away. Her face was very pale, anld with her long dark haIir slying loosely about the pillow, she looked sadly beautiful. Thei doctor ipaused for a moment s hlie entered the room. Ie made a motion to Dame Linley to be silent ; then hie stepped lightly to the bed. lie lesunt over and listened to the rapidl breathing. lIe passedl his hands scve iral times through the hair of the sleep ing girl, nmittering some words to liimself us hlie did so.. Slowly the quick ..eavy bres.thing hecemne subdued into, a quiet, ordlinary rcspirution, and the tface, which had formerly s:orn a slight expression of pain, assumed the calm appearancee of one illn a heavy slu.inber. Tihe doctor paused, and.he listened again. lie' seemed to b.e satisfiedl. Tiurning to Mis. ?inley, 'he said,; '1 ain mulch tisraild that ,your. yosung friend hIere is in:a i n langro's. coindi tibn; I should Ies becnli sumnioned, beforE.' ' Oh, la, doctor, I liope the fl girl:,is not likely to die. She is tich;a sweet darling, doetols-ifoyuos nofily ?liisdl hler spcial, or sa'iwelier oyes.. I hopeI hope she will recover:: : : ''. T"he dane's e'yes began .to fill witli 'watesr is shIhspioud ?.ie: a doebr riplled out hsis wnses t as:ilo:olied d at it solemsii ly ift ' ocre minaiung calculation si to ti'ne. Suddenly hie inquired, 'Ias she JICeen long ill this sleep ?' ' No:.' ' How 1os. ' About half art Jlour, perhaps.' 'lHumplh Upon this sleep will de pendl, in a gre?s niensure, the solutioc of the problemn, whethelr she is to die or not.' 'Poor child,' mm'nirmed the dame. 'We must wainch awhile,' ,said the doctor ss he seated Lfhmself by tile besiside. IDame Linley also toolk: a seat. Sufld denly she remembered solnething, and bending over to the doctor, she whiis pered, 'Is se the person you took her for ?' ' Yes lnush !' Thie doctor laid hIis finger upon his lips, iand thle dame was silent. IlDuring their conversation Susy slipped out of the roomn and down into the kitchen, where she informed the rustics that "a asd wvithl a dirty face was uplstairs with missus, add was goidge to burder tile poor yousng lady.' Hob informedl her txat it was tile doctor, wsho lhad come to cure the ,lady; but Susy persisted that he was going to " burdcr" hier. T'Lhe doctor sat by thie bed ; his eyes, gleaming strangely, were steadily fixed upon the pale face of the sleep ing girl. IDanme Linley- sat wvith hier arims folded on her lap. tiurning hlier eyes alternately upon the doctor and hIis patient. Amy made a slight. rest less motion. Thie doctor again softly passed his Land througsh iher silken hail', iand again all was still. The candles bumned with a sickly, leaden light, and the breathings of the sleeper and the watchers were audible. Tlhus halsf an hour passed. Tie doctor leant over to Danme, Linley and whis pered, ' Shle will wake presenitly; will yon leave us togetlher ?' . SThie dame opened her eyes. S'Oh, yes, of course, doctor, if you ivith it.' ' Thlank 'oui.' i. The danme rose and walked'slowly fromn the roonm with a puzzled expres mioli of countenance. The doator was a strange nman, surely.:. She could not p?uderstand hIim. .. '¶h)he door closed, and the doctor was lone with hiis patident He rose to his Cet, hIis eyes still fixed, upon the sleeper's face. 5' Strange !' Ie muttered, ' that years -twelve wear yerss, .should pass. in peace, and th'it now tlis girl should rise like the sladow of an old wrong to:haunt me, to drag. me.to the earth, Wvhen.success seemed but to wait upon my own decision.' IHe still gazed upon the sleeper's 'face with that low, steady gaze pecu liar ,to hinm. S 'No, Emnily could not err; there is danger threatening from that dark cloud far back in the past. *Hie paused and appeared to be .think ing earnestly of something associated with the past, for his eyes wore that gloomy expression of looking inward. Susddealy he again fixed his eyes upon the sleeper. -. 'My power is still potent-letme see. She herself will be my best in forsant. She is powerless to resist bre.'. · His face assumed a halrd, command ing expression. He passed hIis hands shlowly , throighl the hair just above the girl's face. Whilst he did. so he miuttered some words it a low, firm ,oice. The sleeper stirred as if about to wake; thie face became troubled ias if:~i;ith pain; the lips moved as if ?iah an endeavour to speak. The dlodtor continued to pass his hands throughsthe hair, and to mutter some mnysterious words.. Slowly the expression of .pain failed from the sleeper's countenance, and a hectis flush ilkmined thie cheeks. The lips ceased to move, and the form became still. The doctor bent over, and touching thie eyelids lighiltly with his finger, breathed upon them, still muttering. Gently, and very quietly, tile eyelids parted, and' the eyes gazed straight into the doctor's face with a dull, dreamy look. Thie breathing seemed to cease almost entirely ;the stillness was profound; the light in the room was weak and gliastly. The doctor spoke slowly, eaool word dis tinct ancd emphatic. .-. 'tLook back, look back--liack, 'into into the past !' Thie eyes turned from tlihe doctor's face, and stored blankly into veeanicy. . ' I obey.' , , ., The words weare quite' audible, butt the voice seemedihto- comie-from:some one at the- bottopl of. a well;....;::; ' Look back, ::ari as thie .mioid cani carry you.'" What see:yoii?u.: - : i Away, t the :veri;.ylimits, of all memory, I see a black wall of elond.'. Drawy near.'J . n, ,'I, see. a. little childait: play, in tlhe ooms of a ehouse liythasee.' oY ourself? 2 ,t Y ~is.'' There is a' tall1 Idy in tbe .roam' siuw, , j:-J~~·:: ·1:T 'Wesl ? ' ,She :is, vecry beautiful, :cLd seems seyr sad,. She speaki,; ind it xi 'with ':a strange: accent'.. i:r. ":'I,.? . : ' Gan you-hear what she says7? .." p' Goton.' r' here:is a.tall, dari.inmanh withher.le l-e is spealang to hgr in a- los soime. The lady seems. to be ?troubled ; she tiies to leave the room. The, man seizes her by the hand;. and points to the sea. She weeps nndc falls upon his hiseast. A dark cloud seems to pass through the room, leavihg some of:its ·gloom behind.' ' What follows 2' 'TIhe lady is dressed for wallkinf; sle is weeping. Sise takes, the child in hIer arms and kisses it fondly. -'.The child does 'ot inderstand the mehn ing of the lady's tears, and begins to cry. The lsdy kisses it ag'ain drid sagain. The dark nan suddenly :drag?s hier away,' and the blacek 'cloud passes thlroiugh thie room again.' ' What ne-t ?' ' 'lhcre is a tall mann with: A' dark moustacihe; hie is fondliig thl 'bhild, and big tears are riunimifng downe his cheelks. The child is on liis libee, iad is playing with the guard-clhai'cf his watch. Some sorrow' 'is pressixig hIeavily upon him, and the child seems to be in some way conniecfed With lt. Thie room is almost quite:dairk flow. ;'Draw near again.' ' 'There is a poorlyfuirnished garret, nid an olbid mni bent down with sor row and age 'The child is witJ him, and is listening in 'wonder to the strains of a fiddle lwhich hlie is playing. She is learning to call him "Father." ' 'What else ?' 'I can see no more. There is a heavy load on my heart, and I feel quite weary iand exhausted. My . temples throb violently as if sonm?ache were cobmpressing them in a vice.' ,'.hinough.' Tie doctor again passed ,lss Ihand lightly thlroighx tshe,hl ir, sindmutter ed in as disll, comandiing tone, '. Sleep, sleep.' Thu eyes of the girl slowlysl clised, he hectic fluslh left lier cheleks, iud her breathing once.more becanme soft and.regulhr. . Tlhe doctor tirned away from the ibed and walked tbo thie window. ' ie di'ow. the. curtains aside and looked out into the nigaht. There was a ner sovus tivitching about his :lips, whichl Jold: tisat ihe was deeply agitated. :T: iem moon shone out with her liquid ighipt-tinging thse ,gloom with silvery brighltness., Dr. Brogiden loked uip to tho soft watcher of t he night; he tiisred his face away, and looked va calntly into tie shadows beyond, !j So tlne old sinner is hunting me doen,' l he muttered. 'The wrong pur u?simoe .:.whitlhersoever I may Jly, Theoi'e?is no 'escape. It follows me day 'in-d nighit i:'lhe. iiud is stietched out so.'graspiand .ci:iish me; i The sladow '!of ;t?;e?;evi'wveighx'"s uion msy heuart. There is is escape. Mliy power, iu which my hesrt exulted, over common earth seems helpless to save ;ne. There is no escape.' He passed his han!d throughl his hair as sf he would smoothe aw'ay the bit ter thoughts whichl were rising in his mind. * Nearer, nearer - daily, hourly. r earer it draws,' he continued to mut ier." 'There is no escape i' lie turned from the window and walked to the bed again. ile looked at lite Iface of thesleeping girl, but this time the look was one oe .softness, al :nost lpity. '.llow like, how very like ! It seems her image come again to blast me..' lie gazed upoin her long,, and gr:i dually his eyes resumed their Iierce brightne-,s. .A sudden purpose seem ed to stir him up. 'Y'es; she n-lxt be taken out of the way of those who may do me harm.' Again lie passed his hands lightly through the hair, mutiering to him self. The .sleeper stirred. A lihtlu timel, and her eyes opened. The doctor stood still. She rubbed her eyes with her hand, alnd appeared to be try.ing to recollect something without suc ceeding. She looked blafikly at the doctor ; there was no expression of surprise, fear, ur recognition. She looked at him almnost as if she were still asleep. Then a ray of intelligence lit up her fine, dark eyes. She was still very weak, and as sh er.dea vouretid to r:ise her head, she sank backl oni t6e pillow. The doctor bowed andtl smiled blandly. ' You iust not exert yourself in any way at 1resert, Mademoiselle.' Amy made .a strong effort anld spoke 'We have met before.' 'I ihave hid that honour.' 'Where ?' ' At Caverford, in the cireu.e.' Amy rcmembcred,0 now ; she also re inembered-tlhe agitation. of Peter, and the'cause of their flight from the vil liage. She slhuddercd, and shrank sway front hin. The doctor observed. 'the shudder, and attributed: it to the Itrue cause-dislilke for him. lie turn eed frdom the bed, and vwent to the table. From his pocket he took some phiatls, Which he lihad. broughlt with him. Tak ing a tumbler half filled' with: water. which he found on the t'eale, he drop ped into it soie of the liquid from one of thle phials.. le returned to the bed flronm which Amy had watched hisr miovements withl painful mnxiety 'You are, still very weak,' he said; ' take this, it w'ill strengthen you., SAmy took the tumblner from. his hand, but kept her eyes steadily. fixed upon his face. ' What is it ?' slhe askeld. I-'A simple draught, merely, to, eobl the blood and keep down fever.' ' You ase a doctor,.then ?' ' Yes, tlitrt is why I am here. ' Tlthe the draught.' SShe raised the tumbler and!drank:off. tihe contents, still watching: the- doe tor's face. .He smiled softly as he tolok: the. eiispty tembler from her Larndi:l She mppeared to regiiin much' of her lost 'igour immediately. " 'You.axie better now?' ' ?Yes; much lietter.' SShe was 'still .watclhingi hin: keenly. He sat down " 'Give me your hatnd. Slowly. she e.xterided her .arm;. le ilaced his fingers on-lier vrist, tolok out his watch, and calculatedl" the beats of the pulse. He ~i is evidently satisfied. . . : ' In a very slhort time ?ou 'vill blie itulte well again.'i 'Do you thinkto ?' ..... 'Yes ; and then~ -'' . 'Then Wivhat?. ' ' You niust be:er;y caeiul'off:your self.' r There was a long' psause. Siddeply Anmy said : 'Whfein you spok'e to me in' Caver ford, you said. that ,ybu .had ,soiie thing importaint to iniform me of:' S',Yes.' ' ' Is it still importanit?' 'Yes; but I cainot t~ell yoiu io'v.' ' Why ?' 'It would agitate you too much." 'No; I can listen. : ' I must not tell j ou.i ?-our present state.' ' Hi.er face darkened.'' SDoes it doneern rne alone ii ' i No' ;.there are others wlihm it'{iii l Thi're iivas ahnotlier pause. The doc tor looked at his watch again. 'Now, listen,' he said. 'In three days hence you will be well--that is, well onough to indertake a journey. What I have to tell you will materially affect youir future life: more than I dcan well express to you depends upon it. At.tlhe end of three days I will despatchl a messenger with a gig for 30oli. If you will return with him to Caverford, I will tell you all.' Ainy had not once removed her eyes fromn his face. When he had finished speaking. she said, 'And you will not tell me this secret now ?' ' It is imposilble ; you must have the proof of my words before you. 1Will tou come as I have asked )?" :hI cannoot' 'You must." . As the doctor uttered these two words in, a peremptory, half-subdiued tbne,6 his eyesi hitherto ,averted, now mhet those of Amjn. A striange fire gleamed illn the-eyes of Dr. Brogden. For a momenet Amy withstood his -aze, then her eyelids drooped, and her former wealmness returned. ' You promise ?' said the doctor. 'I do,' replied the girl, in a low voice. 'On the evening of the third. day from Ihis you will find the man at the foot- of the avenue witli the gig-you will be there ?' ' I will.' 'Enough. Now rest.' Ile-pphased his hands tlhrough ithe hiair several times.: The eyes of the h:irl closed, and she seemed to sleep. 'Good-nighlt,' lie said. softly. 'Good-night,' answered 'he gil1. SThe doctor opened the' door, and walked softly down stairs. - He found ;Damne Linley and Mary anxiously waiting for him. He satisfied them as to tlihe state of thcir guest's health. '"She promises well ?' inquiried tihe Jame, as she helped the doctor to some supper. ' Very weil,' rellied Dr. Brogden. ' A fuew days' rest wil restore her com- pletely.' The damne and her daughter Were de liighted. The doctor was soimewhat silent, and, to the great astonishmentt of 'Mrs. Linlemy, suddenly declared his.. iiutentlibn q i· teturning to Cav-erford that uirght. Thie dame begged of him not to thiink of such a rash project, trid, in the most good- natured way piossible, said that She would not allow it. It wvas ridiculous ; the idea. of tiravelling tlirty miles at such ai time of night. It was not to be tlhought of. She paltitid the comforts of a nice. cosy little bedrooml which she lhad preenired for him, and contrasted it with tlhi long, dreary, cold road w-icll he would have to -Irl'avcl. Biut all in vain. The doctor was deciled, and- calmlly insisted upoin imlmucdiately' returning. leulctlanmtly mwas ,aDain Linley obliged to order Bob to saddle a horse for Dr. Irogden. (To be Continued.) Cardiff, it is stated, has formed a club of the tallest, shortest, stoutest, and thln nest cyclists in the towll. The anglncs for working tile evaporators, electric lights, and refrigorating mnachinery of the first-class cruiser Tortible are cal.. culated to consume about 2?' tonls of roal per day. At Johannesburg Edwin Morris sued for divorce from his wife. They were mar. rled ii Australia, and had lived at Roode poort since 189IS. His wife misconducted herself with a man named Mot tarsllhed. Dlssolutloll of marriang was granlited, sital £500 damages g1vnc against the cu-re. spondcnt. 