THE PITY # IT. By Usdeeihu.. in JbirjH'tit' Jlfjtt .itw. I A fierce wind was sweeping over J (be ocean, an! over a lonely island I that lay far out among the surges. It® I (air-weather inhabitants had fled and abandoned toe lonely breaches to the I storms and tho hardy people whose onlv I home was there." Yet a few loiterers I were still left from the summer birds of I passagr, and even now one of them, a I yoong girl, came down lho z'gztg .path I which led from the top of the bluff to I the wide shore. The gale pressed her I against the sindy wall and wrapped I her garments closely round hrr. The I flattering draperies thus swathed shout I the tall figure had evidently come from I the baud of some milliner of destinction. I graceful, unconscious presumption ' I marked the wearer's air as she - drew ' I near a knot of weather-beaten fisheVmet). I They were aware of her approach, it was I plain, but took no aotic s of it, and -con tinued their discussion. Wps tbewdnd, at its worst, or would it strengthen through the night, and was Sun Halei's boat safe enough where she lay ' or would it be the part of prudence for him to take hor round the point to a heller lee ? The girl stood by them awile waiting for a pause, and then broke in with an imperious, delicately modulated voire. ' Will you tell me, please, whether one of you would be able to sail me over to the mainland to-night t' A man lifted bis head and stared at her, then turned back and. tuade a re mark to a comrade as calmly as if she had not spoken. In a second she re peated the question, in a tone a little raised. Then ail the men turned and etared. The eldest took his pipe, from his mouth and responded, .contemp tuously; '> Why no, none of u8 wonldn,t be able to sail you over to the mainland to-night. We ain't goin' sallin' much about this time.' The rodenesi of bis speech brought a little added haughtiness to her manner, but did not caoac her to. desist, Oh, she said, in the clear high tones which contrasted so strongly with the rough growl of the meo, I did not mean yon to take mo, of course, with out — I supposed this would be an in convenient time for yon to - go, bnt I am very anxious to get across tc-nigbt; — ' Her voice trembled a ,-litflel' ' ' I meant to offer to pay you well, of course — I will give anything that the trip is worth, with pleasure.' The old fisherman looked her over for a moment or two before he an swered : : - ; y 'Mebbe you Levcn'to noticed the weather. It's a bad wind, and its goin' to be » bad nighty r.Thfere ain't none of us cares to risk bis precious self out to-night— and yoor momy ain't goin' to make us do it.' The girl had drawn her slim figure up proudly. She was angry, and yet same strong motive forced her to per severe. -I am sorry,' she said, 'for it is really a matter of great importance 1 1 me. You know the steamer has nut come today, and there is no other wav iu which I can get back. I don't mind tbc danger. If none of you care to go would you be kind enough to tell me if there are any other men that might be willing ti undertake it. Iam ready to pay anything tbat won'd .make it worth while.' The old man disapproved cf her ob stinacy. ' I don't know a damned soul,' he said, solemnly. She looked at each fare. The speaker had evidently voiced the senti ments of all But he broke out again . 1 Well, there comes Jack ; he'd undertake to sail you to hell as lief aB not, if he took the qo'iuo. Hire, Jack" be shouted, as a tall young fellow iu a tattered coat came lounging up. ' Here's a yonng woman thinkB abt'd like to take a little pleaaure-jannt to the main to-night, an' wants to know if you won't oblige ber.' She thinks she can bev wind and. weather by. payin' fur 'em, an says she'll give you aoythiog you like if you'll g"t her across this evenin. Tbc young man came nearer.' He hid large, finely cut features, and -the eyes of a hawk, whirli Bwept over tte_ girl's whole figure, and seemed to take in every detail 'with a glance. Evi dently he felt in her polished manner, ber delicate amy, the same sting which had irritated the older men. A bold smile curved bis lips. ' Ob, yes, I'd take ber, be said with" a slow drawl — ' 111 take her if she wants to go. An I won't charge any money .either, l'il take her for .nothing bnt a — kiss.' The men all burst <nito.fi noisy laugh. A sharp exclamation of displeasure came from tho girl ; her bee was crim son, and she turned to go,. 'BuJ-np one bad noticed a round little figure which had rushed down the path fay the bluff and plodded hastily through the sand. It stood now directly in the 'younger woman's way. Two plump, betinged little bonds grasped ber arm: with all tbeir might as "the newcomer turned impatiently to the oldest and most- re sponsible looking man ia the group. : ' Oh, Mr.— Mr.-ob, sir/ she cricd, panting, « Ifaope jou baven't encour- 1 aged her to do anything .msb- ;i .am sore she came down 'here toashsome of you to take her Mroa JMpieW..11)10 .inusn't — indeed die miiso't . . go. -I couldn't let her go in such weather. ; I. couldn't Bleep fei; fright wi'h her M an. Ob, my'dest Jlelen.' appealingly to the girl, 'you- tnusn't think- tof Aa likely asi»t% to«emw'mm-.aii%B we sball hear yoor dearJathec is JS-itnr, and even, if we don's you musu i dreftin of - crossing. He , would khow. y-you couldn't,come. L ThineV.'mmnlitoat message to - bring -yoii - pver no use' voice any < httma'u, mp, but Mid old>Sn»ralft;bjJgjTOS®f?|fi g»uifu|iTOff#rttone.vyi >, ; Was" that what you vabtin1? to go Jurl.To sea ypar father r What, if the matter 1' \- ' He -is . dying,' she said, shivering, and, with 'every .vestige of haughtiness gonq < \- he said ; That's too bad. 1 did'utiktiow what you was after when yon came dona here so bigh an1 mighty ft boat I'm faal sorry to bear the old gentleman's sick. We'd all of'cb'liketo help youef we could, hut it is rough, and no mistake. I suppose my wife'd be rerl oneisy ef I offered to go-to-night 3-6eeme-«s -if — . jThc tall yonng sailor they cilird J jck moved towards her on the other other, side., 'Sea here. he said, in curt tones, 'flf ypu want to go. I'll take vou. It's a wild night and there' is some "risk -to ir, but I can pretty ranch promise to get you over safe. Only thesd men don't like to take the risk, if they can help it, because they've all got wives and families. As for what I said jutt now, I'm sorry for it. I didn't mean nothing by it. I thought yon were try- ing to get ns to go just out of pore sassiness and because yon didn't know what you were talking about. But if so be as your father's sick an you want to get over to him, I'll sail you over eafe if auy man can, and he glad to. Ask the others." ' That's eo,' cainc from two or three throat's.. ' You can't do better than . take Jack's offer,' said the old man with a pipe, judicially. He's very willin' to ran into resks, but tie'e the best man 1 ever knew to wriggle out of 'em. Ef be «a$s he'll take you over safe, 1 guess he'll manage it. There ain't no better sailor here. An' don't you worry, ma'am, he went on, turning to the little old lady, who was bending her head, first towards one speaker and then another, and uttering disjointed ejaculations. Bf your niece goes along with Jack Maverick" you can rest easy all night, an' I understand that's what you're most disturbed about.' ' Wri), areyop coming! asked Maver ick. ' There's no time. to fose.' The girl etooda moment.' ' Yes, I will be back directly,' she said. She walked rapidly away over the sand. As she went she heard Maverick's voice behind her shouting for Tommy, and Skying fie would -have to go along to work' -the sheets!- ;; Some one observed thab -Tommy might not want to go, but Maverick said be had got to whether be wanted to or not, and tben.one inquired if Tommy was sober, and another vooched for his not having had a drop that day. Helen heard it all through "the continuous stream cf remonstrances' from her aunt, who was exhausting her resource?, as far as words /rent, in efforts to keep her charge at home. A few minntes later the yonng girl returned a'one. .She was wrapped In a long cloak. She- crossed the beach in another direction, _ to _ .where several boats lay at a little wharf, on which the rame crowd— -of- .men were now gathered. '" Goin' to try it for sore!' asked one as she came near. ' Weil, J hope ye'il have luck, aud get safe through. Books equally ,th< ugh. "Keep ; your eye out' fur a shift in' the wind, Jack." Here, Jer-me- help ye aboard. Better get se ttled do wh"nfor iye|gefc into the JShe had jumped -on ' the : tiny deck,' half a dozenfiahds field out to help her, and taken heracat? The bay was quieVbnfc beyond the bak eijormous waves were heaving aud breakings-There waaa clear -space in" the western jsky, the Bunhad sunk lower, and eWne level sind Ted in their faces.'; ' (. J ' :.r '-r " 3 here wa8-an -old -man aboard—the luckless; Tommy, Bbe concluded--and he>nd Maverick were fansy about .the rapes i The saii'wehl; opjvritiiA rattle, ; a line; was ||iei eailfiltid, tuid the fadahPnimy nway Krom'be wltarf, $££>'. — 'That's a foolhardy hnriness,' she hoardja voice eaying as tbey slipped were board, wero still moviog about the boar, settling" everythlug -to rights;" As" he passed h< r dlavfricfc spoke.- j r ; a 'u'a'fiDg 1? wetter'n wateronlBfde hbere. That coat won't keep you dry. Better rig it; round'- your . petticoats, and . put on Eula OlrsihIU A uiuwguv uu »» i'h- jwuj and tbis hat. Jf yon tie yonr haod- kercliief light round the , throat it'll krop the water .out some.' . , 1 She gazed distrustfolly at the stiff yellow jacket and list he held out to her, but she did mpt lijw to £isohey? and soon she was trinsformed from the waist up iota a slim yonng fisherman. The boat bejan to pitch as it struck the waves,-, and. then as ihey grew larger, ti ciimb with a slow staggering motion up the long inclines and slide swiftly down the slope?. Maverick was at the wheel, his keen hazel eyes fixed on the water ahead, yet every second he glanced quickly at the eky and the hotizin. His long arms "alternately straightened and relaxed as he held the boat against 'tbe shock of a wave or cased her ...past, a breaker. Helm watched him while Ihesa't spray blew In her face and the wind whiBtied past ; then turned and ngarded the watery desert around hat .Mbit by tho" iast roja of the sun it "looted pitiles?, forioUB, cold.. Her jwze camB brck to -the boat. Tommy had disappeared into tho cabin somo minutes before, and now, as the Tittle door Jfm 'fc?K oneii and ' shat sgam with a i>ahg,Tier ' -He's staying a long time jo that cabin.' he paid. Tommy 1' " fifeviiiM rang loud and rough above fhewlhd, hut Tommy did hdtfirarv - ¥ttelio I YomthyThe shontedagaio. The 'door ewnng ppe-i "an inch . and banged once more, hut .. there was no answer. J'sr -» 1 tho ddoranaimr tihe gunwale. . She opened it, and "in the gloom could see Tommy's form stretched on the floor. She called him, hot be did .not stir ; then, wiih a shudder of repugnance, she laid her hand on bis ragged shoulder and shook it You lemme he,' came in an ugly grunt from tbc lumpish form. She drew her hand quickly back and made her way to the stern. 'There is something the matter with him,' flie said, locking anxiously at Maverick, whose attention never diverged from the boat's ennrcr. ' Wlatdo'you mean 1' inquired hr, sharply. 'He is on the floor in a heap. Qe wouldn't answer, and when I shook him be told; me to leave him alone.' ' What do you thiuk'a the matter !' tor one-second tbe tiard, piercing eyes eonght hers; Sbe would not have cared to refuse their demand. ' I thought,' she panted, ' it might be < — could it possibly be — that he had beeu drinking !' x Hell !' said Maverick. . A second flew by. ' I'll have to sec to hiiu,' be eaid, 'and you'll have to tako the wheel. When I tell yon, hold it like this, 1 or all you're worth, and don't let go till I take it. Can you V ' I'll try,' she said, humbly. ' Try ! nonsense !' he-sneered. ' Can you do it 1 If you can't! we may hare a chance to try swimming over.'. ' Yee, ril do it, she said. All tight. Heady. <:,Vou>. . Lean hard.' For an instant he helped her" steady herself agaiust it, then she was alone, putting forth all her strength to bold tbe wheel aB lie had left it. Bhe turned her.hrad aud saw bim dive into the cabin ; there was the sound of a see file; a bottle came dying through the air and "sank beneath a breaker. Sbe heard blows, oaths ; the next moment Maverick slipped out of the cahiu door, wrestling still with the man withiu thrust. him back suddenly, slammed to .the door, aud slipped the heavy bolt. With almost the same movement be secured tbe other side and was at the stern with the wheel iu his band. Ho was panting, and suppotted himself on the wheel as lie held it. - The girl cowered on the scat near by. In all her sheltered existence she had never before been in tho presence of danger nor close to the sivage realities of life. The people she knew might have as fierce instincts at heart as these, but they were concealed and tutored to the semblance of nonentity. Tbis rough ness and animal violence startled her with/the sense that she had suddenly stepped into another world — a strange, shocking, awfully real world, where things were not what tbey seemed in that carefully arranged little drama of existence -in which she was "accastoined to play a part. Sbe beard the old man pounding at tbe cabin doors acd shouting, but Maverick took no faced. Ail his at tention was given, as before, to guidiug the boat through the tumbling waters. Yet be found time to throw a glance occasionally at her. Yon stood your trick at tho wheel well. You're strong — for a girl,' he aaid, presently. ' It palled bard. I di In't know if I should be able to hold I, she answered, ' Haven't been used to sailing much, have you 1' (.Not in emaT boats. I've been quite often on yachts. Bat that is different.' Yes, that's different,' he said, grimly. ' Then you had other people to do tbe work. You'll get all yon want of cat- boat sailingnow. You'll have to In crew as well as passenger. Tommy's fixed himself for the next while — lncky if- he hesn,t fixed us too,' he added savagely, under his breath. < \- Is there danger !' she asked. ; ' Depends on what yop'ro afraid of. I'm not inynuch danger ; but l'in not particularly afraid of going to the hikttnn). If I did, it would be. all in the riayls work for me. Bat I gneas 9onMi Like to spend a good deal o' time ashore yet, jso I s'pose there ii some linger for yon — a sigbt fmore'u if Tpm'py'detaid Bober — damn hira !' ' I will do whatever you tell me to help1.' - - - - v pi>, I'll let you do all you can. He caught some fleeting expression on h?F( face. 'Look np here,' be said abruptly, and a!s she raised her eyes he gave a masterful Jaugb. ' Why, you're nut "afraid ! No more than if you was , on. dry land 1' No,' she said, with an answering smile, I'm not afraid. I suppose I ought to be, but I'm not I know you'll get as to ebore ail right — and even if you don't— I'm not afraid. I don't believo ' I shall ever fdcl afra'd agdio ; if I do, Til go to sea in a cat- boat in a storm and get over it.' He cbnckltd. . , That's worth while,' he said. "Qo catch that rope that's dragging over board, and put .it in' the boaV No, dou't chnck It in loose- ended like that ; coil ft up neat, and stick it under- that, other that runs along the deck. "If we go down, let's go down shipshape.' - ' She did it, and came back to-eit dear ; him. The boat gave a sudden s-oil, and . tbey heard a thud as Tommy's body struck against the cabin' door.' -Then, came some blowa and inarticulate cries. ' He thinks we're going down,' srid Maverick. Oh, poor fellow, he's locked ' in there,' cried Helen. Well, be might as well drown in the . cabin as floating round loo if. It'd be no morc'n he deserved my way,. He's dooebis'b'edt to' drown you.' ; \- Helen -did-rmt iansWer. Again she was watching with involuntary admir ation the young man's quick move-, mcnts, hblHing" thfe'faost hBre, oaangheri off there, ' slipping round the breakers, twiatiiig : iitiuiingh the '-.watery " lands, eluding the "grasp of death. When they , were in the hollow of tbe waves, the' greeh . hissing drater asncompsssed; them i od fevery. ride and fahhg- -above them ; -wbtm they were on the crest of a billow,- bhlSr'fiiil.lrrt. ' I was Wfir.derine what ycu lliooght abont the old man i' he answered. 'If she said; 'I bad not thooght about him at at1, except tbat it was horrid, and thai you were hsfd on him, when' yon talked about bis drowning.' 1 I'd be willing for any one to be hard on' me, and harder, if I did what he's done. But I meant, did you ever see a man before that had been — drink ing f' ' I dont think sc, but I dent remem ber. I don't like to talk about it.' Yes, but I wart particularly to know what 50a think.' ' Why, I — think it's horrid.' Maverick drew in a long breath. 'Yes,' he eaid, slowly, 'I suppesed that's what you'd eay. I asked because : — I drink too much myself, once in a while, and I rather wanted to know how it wonld seem to a yonng lady like you.' 'Your cried tho girl drawing beck with a gesture of repulsion. .'You! Ob, how cm you f . Maverick gave a slow smile as he noticed her movement. ' How can I !' be repeated. ' How can't 1 ! wonld be more to the point. You're talking of something yen don't know anything about, But you kuow you're diegutled with it, and that's the maiu thing, after all. See here, though: I guess I'd like you to understand a little of how things look to me.' His eyes wero dwelling on her face with a carious, inquiring iootr. T want you to tell mo why I should'ot drink. I don't find things very entertaining on tbe island. My father drank before me. He was a gentleman — belonged to the simc sort of folks yon do, I guess ; but something npBet him — L don't know what it was. He came to live on this island — buried himself here for the rest of his lifp. He married one of tbe fisherman's daughters, aud then he died when I was a few years old. I bar-'ly remember him. My mother wanted to try and bring me up f . r a gentleman : sbe was agood mother; (here are'nt many like her : she'd have slaved bersr If to death to get tbc money to send me to the main, and have me educated as my father had been before me ; but he forbade her. The la-it thing he t ild her "when be died was to make a fisher man of rac. He aaid fishermen were' better to live among than tbe men oat in tho world. Mother never went against what he said, and then when I was a hoy, sbe died. I bad'nt nobody' Mt in the world, but tho fo'ks were good enough to id?. I got on all righ. Presently I began to go fishing with the rest. I'm a good fisherman toe I'm. tacky. I make more money than any of 'em. Bnt what do I want with the money f And what do I want with the fishing! Once in a while, in ti storm, or like tbat, there's fun in it, but most of the timo it's tiresome. But I don't know anything else, and I daresay 1 would'nt care for anything else any more than I do for that.' 1 But there are other things than fishing,' broke in Heleu' 'if you don't like tha. You are used to the sea ; yon might be a siilor— yon would care to see more of the world.' ' I tried that, bat I don't know enough ( for anything tut a common sailor, and I'll never ship for that again. I ain't one of the kind <hit ca-rs to take another man's order s.' 1 Then why can't ycu care for what I the ether men on the isjand care for ! I Tbey work, and grow op, and get I married, and take care of their families j Mscerick int-rrupted her with a 1 snarl. ; 1 Ya — ah )' he said ; ' that's for them . that like it. There is nt a girl I know I'd marry. They're tiresome ; They're I stupid, blundering things. I'd die a drunkard within a year if £ was tied to a girl like that.' He'cu'e eyes flashed. ' What right have you to speak so !' she cried. You te'l me yourself you drink more than yon ought tn. What right have yoa to a?k for better things ibau yon have ! Do you deserve them ! Be sides, life isn't to pick-sad choose ; life is to do what comes to your baud with ail you might. There is plenty. for you to do, I know, without whimpering tbat ' there is uo'.hing you care 1j do . but — ' drink.' ' I ain't whimpeiio?,' interrupted ' Maverick, fiercely.' I never said a word ti a soul before I opened my ".Hps fi? cjOTpfifigll —instead of going to work to right. thing1, iiiveu't yon any ambition ! Don't yon care to he of use in the world f What is a uian for6nt to d0: things and overcome difficulties! If you don't want to be a fisherman, go! and; fie eometbicp > el p. > jTepe j are plenty "of other things 'to' "If you orders long -enough .to learn la guffa them yourself! Aby one can sm. yon are clever enough ,to do what yoa . Lke. Only you ddu't like. ' D'j fon think Its contemptible. 'And then yoa . say yen cin't help" drinking. Why don't yoa tell ill: troth", and sa; yon Cm help ' xtutiyooifiin't Sthkb3hoj trimbjs fo : ' MtveHck'lwab" looking her with a y! thing -yon understand !' he cried,! « What do you know -abont whether it'a hirdbreasy to quit .drinking!. If yon think It's a picnic, ask somebody that's -.tried it' . £— ! ' I didn't say't'was easy, ' rejoined ths girl. ' ' 1 8aid.y(in oegbt to 'do it. A man isn't to do:£hinge because they're easy — he ia&Idothem; >.because theyte herd. . Anfi if he isays he can't he isn't a man— beVa csward !' "t . . r. - : ' It's Ihcky for you you're not a man,' cried the piilor, sayagdyj 'Laokaiut if- -as a saddcn jjvave etiruok rthe ' boat, careening h'wjar.to wie eideand.thfcow- iophe girftw jlttk tike lightning ibis irm lhe gnayiawiitifd5h«i moment s in a ahe-fonnd -X <. r ! ' ; gaggsral goni j iv?4®pnmgBh-Ai»i«iwe«fl, >ithopk I did jutt now,' she said. ' I bad no right. Bat it whs all tme.' ' I know tfaa','. ra:d Maverick, and bis voice too was changed. ' It -is true, and it'd he a pity to waste so mncb truth t- lling. It made me mad a little — bnt maybe it'll do some good yet.' He turned as he spoke and gave ber a sudden smile, so radiant, so tinder, (bat from a reckless fisherman he seemed transformed into a stiinleaa knight, doing homage to bis lady. HpIcu's eyes dropped. Sbe wanted to speak, yet some ttrango timidity bound her tongue. At 1 fit : 'The weather is no worse,' the fal tered. N",' said Maverick, as be glanced around the horizon. Bnt it looks like a shift of wind to the ro-tb.' ' They were silent once mr-rc.' bnt as tbe boat laboured on there was 00 lack of sonnd. The ' water hissed and seethed around them ; there was a con stant dull roar of breaking wavcB ; the wind shrieked through the ropes ; tbe timbers of the boat creaked and snapped. 'There's going to.be a squall, said Maverick at length. 'A squall,' repeated Helen. 'Can the wind blow harder than tbis J' Easy, answered be, taking his eyes a moment from the horizon to consider her. 'There's going to be a equail," and the only chance for us to ran throagb it is to get tho siil down. The question Is if yon can do it. I can't leave .the wheel, for if one of those waves caught ns wrong it would smash ns.' ' What shall I do F she said, stand ing np quickly. The water trickled off her jacket as she moved. Under the glistening yellow sou'wester .ber hair, beaded with moti'ture, lay in soft curls on the smooth cheek, the colour of a pink shell. Her eyeB were alight, net with fear, bnt with the sense of power. As ber compa-iion's roviog glance rested on her be smiled. ' There's some company it'd be pleasant to go down with,' he ' eaid, ' softly, and continued without a break: -Got up there for'ard. and take hold of the rope aronnd those two cleats, Do you see !' Sbe nodded. - ' Undo first one and the another, all bnt the last two tarns ; hold 'em fast, cno in each hand, till I toll you to 1-iwer, and then tit both go, steady. It's a mercy Trigged the lszy-jicks yesterday, or the sail would have been in the water.' The girl.8tepped forward, staggering, and caught hold of the ropes to u-itxtit. them. They were wet and hard ; she strained and pulled in vain. - ' Harry np there,' shouted Maverick, and some thing iu his voice' stirred her strangely. It seemed to Iter she could have moved mountains at his command. Sbe looked back with a little laugh, then t-eut over the st'ff ropes ; they melted under her fingers ; in a moment they were free. She waited for.the word. ' Low. r away,' he cried. She lo sened the ropes in h< r hands, and as the boat pitched, tbe siil began to come down. For one. moment it stuck fast, and she thought everything was over ; she heard Maverick niter , mi oath, and pave a sudden quick pall with ench strength as she had :nut known she possessed.: The obstacle, whatevr it was, gave way, and tbe soaktd, heavy sail began to slip down again With each pitch of the boat it .came lower. -Maverick, at the other end, drew in ' the boom and made it fast along one side. Suddenly, with-, ut a moment's .warning, ; the wind stopped. There was no longer any enrrent of air moving pa-t them like a pvlpablc flaid, the rigging " hang limp, the whistling and singing rtopp'd among tbe ropes, even the creaking of the boat ceased as she lost way. There was not a sound except fiorn the tumbling waves. The boat rose and -fell like a log on the lung swells. Helen "took ber place again , beside the tteeraman. He nodded. 'You did well,' -he. said. She smiled back confidingly.. Existence till now .she felt bad been a dream ; lifu had be gun -when she sailed cut on the raging waters, and its delight lay in facing danger and being whirled along in ' the fierce sweep of natural force a. - As she | looked at-Maytrick she caught an an- swering gleam in his eye. It wss the sime spirit in him, she tfaonght, only he stronger ibau she was and knew more. She drew closer to him. \-- Not afraid yet !' he asked. 'How could I be! sbe answered. ! « Yea are going to bring us in tafe.' ; The yellow. eyes Bofteoed and became inmiooasas they looked into hers, then suddenly grew hard again. « There it . comes T ; he criedj and Helen heard a low hissing aouod to one side. It came nearer, then with a blow like a collis'on the wind struck the boat, which tamed half oyer, hung Ja mpujent, and slowjy righted herself. Tjib'Skle blew: harder :tban . before, bnt jrqin-lhe opposite direction. It took I'tiisjtareetB' off this waves ; 'in a little hiie every . breaker had disippeared. Thin began a mighty confusion amongst toe -billows. They- were like a routed' arriiy entongled by their own efforts to M6ape," Vr like a troop of giants suddenly blinded in the midst ; of : battle. One riin oue way and oue another. - -Where i jgigat.tic billow t-iwered on high it -soddeoly lost it 1 force and -sank, ,run- ning in, a dozra diftireut directions ; where there was comparative calm a huge /wave swiftly reared ilslf, detached from, all comrades," dark, threatening, terrible. : As the firtt force of the. gust slackened, Maverick said;: - : -i-- ! ' '1 belie ve'we must" be 'bearing the other sidc. ': The; wind'a pff shore. If we canmtnsge lo raise a little sail; and- work in agaiust it,- we ought to iget into calmer water" presently;'. : ', - . ' 'Veiy well. , Yaf etall ' I! do !' askedUelep. . .- -1 | He gave faeruaninnte instinctians, and once more she stumbled forwards and began-to wprk! with' the. 'ropes, of! "fihe -isiti ' en&yiSi.o.t; jhanaged s to. riLiseit a little. . j- ,< V : ; = "Thit.Tl'do/heBhohtdi'and'Biie msdeit igtt'abd him. ! I - td>the boatittiesgirl :wriehing$uthylike : 4acutyiinte$t«ingB"-l>ib?A)f toRn' handiwork which looked eo; frail and .helpless in the midst pf natare's fury. But several times he called ou ber to help him ; she took hold of the wheel, and pulled as he bade.hir, and slopped whin be told her it was enough. She had no rtber tfaonght than blind, trust ing ob dience. At last she became aware that tba wind ws blowing lcs3 vtiilently, and waves tumbling less tumultnously. The last gtiani of light bad faded from tbe west, but at inter vals thrnngh the clouds that drifted overhead came a thin raombeam. A l&ntiru; which hud been lighted whe-i they left shore hung at tbe .m«s% and throw a faint light on .their way; anmher, which she had brought from. a locker and lighted nnder Maverick's directions, was lashed to the gnnwalc at the stern and .showed the compass on the seat beneath. . The waves came . like an endless procession of ghosts cat of the dark before them, and slipped away into the dark behind. A« la-t the moon becrtne entirely -oh- schfed.-SBait- began-to-raiu-softly. " The sea's going down,' said Maver ick; we most be getting well into the leo of "the land. But I don't know where we'll come io. I've lost my reckoning with this heavy eei.' ' It's getting stiller,' he repeated, a lif.la later and Helen had Blreidy began to feel that tho boat was now rocking gently. ' It's getting stiiL We must be getting, close to shore. Holloa 1 I think I see ft how !' He bent his bed and peered through tbe might: Helen could see nothing. Yes,' bo went on, 'there's some building. Bnt L don't know them — yes I do, too ; it's Fisher's barns. And there's lris'doctr. Hold on, we'll be in in a moment. 'Jia'iit much of a place to get to, but ii?a dry Jsnd, . anyway. Leastways it's land— I would'nt like to say too' much" about its being dry . And you — you most be as wet -as a fish. I hope it wou'g hurt yon. Salt wat-r is'ut likely to give . you cold, anyway. . Well; we've hud a rough voyage, but we've got to the end all -right. I kept my word and -got yon in Eafe, th'oogb there was one time when I did'nt-know if I was going to. Hero we aro along side,' he gavo a loug sigh of relief as he released thb wheel and rubbed hiB arm two or three time.-. Oh, how tired you must be i' cried Helen. ' Your arms get stiff pulling so long,' he said. ' ' Now wait a moment and let me make her fast before we go off. There she'll lie quirt till I'm ready to go back. ' Yoa won't go back to-night !' she questioned. . 'No; I'll wait for daylight ; it '11 be a good bit qutoter then. And you've already convinced, mo. .1 amgbt'nt to be in such a harry to set drowned.' He locked 'at -faer -elfarply; and Helen, who was suddenly afraid I hit; be was angry, smiled timidly.. She laid her hand in his as he stood on the dock, and he drew her up beside him. ' Well.' he said, 'we've. got to make the most of tbis being land ; it hasn't got much else to recommend it. Now how am I going 1 1 get yon over 10 Wcithory ! There isn't a human being within two miles «>f here. I know ill t J ry has some horses at pasture somewhere abont — and there's an old waggou in tbe barn. Cimo and sit down here in the lee while I see what I can dr.' . Sic followed <0 tbe building which. Icousei through the darkness, ar.d eeated herself on a pile of ti ards at one eide, while Maverick turned to wards the road, tho white glimmer of which was dimly visible, it was not cold in- spite of the s'orm. Sbe leaned her bead against the mossy boards aud listened to the geotle drip cf the rain and the murmuring of the grass. Sbe tilt at peace with all the world. Even the thought- of her father did not trouble her. She . was . doing, all she could to get to . hint; and she bad a blind faith that the ebonld find him belter. Besides, it was no longer "her- care, it was Maverick's, "who was going to see that the - readied her goal in safety. She sat tired, idle, contented, in the soft wet dark,;going over and over, in a sort of Waking dream, every moment of th3 wild voyage. . She re collected escb movement of Maverick's sinuous figure, each quick change in his face, each variation of bis voice. And mixed with these came back the wild rush of the wind, the rear of the fcam- ; ing breaker-, the driving spray. Half-an-honr must have gone by be fore she, heard her- companion's voice once more. He was speaking to a horse whicfa he was leading along tbe roid. Then she became aware that he was on the ither side of the batn, and ap parently brating down the dour. Soon be called to her : "Gome! I've got a team here ready, but I can't leave it,' and. abe ronsed herself and followed the sonnd to where in the faint moonlight she saw' a horse ; and waggon stauAng, with .Maverick beside them. 'This is r&tker; a skittish animal,! he said. ' Yoa eat ia first, and make yoarself comfortable, and then I'll jump io. I pot in all the old blankets "and things I conld find.' Helen climbed iit and wrapped the warm rngs aronnd her. : Maverick fol lowed wittia leap, and before be was seated the horse was off at full . speed. Presently it quieted down and they went more sedately. ' Maverick had "fastVned'the boat's la itern in front of, the wagon, - where it threw '.a faint illumination 'before them. : But they con d.birdy disingaish the griy road from-the'dark -thickets along the edge. ! .He talked as they, drove. . He told her teles of -the country-side, and the. life there,' whtuh was eo simple and ' -monotonous, yet ,often '/so. dramatic and strange., . He; had, en odd, mocking fanmour, "kind Helen ' nspouded to it gayly. Bhe. was aware.: of. a' natural i .atinctive. sympathy with the way; he frit!and Bj3ke. !His very recklessueas : and courage, rb's keeD,, 'quick, domineer ing spirit rou8ed «omFtbing within : her that'shebaLa'neverknown before, "and yet that , she .recognised as it stirred her inmost aelf. She li- toned eagerly, she laedPsiiiy? shrant iwithn feeling.of -impending- -loss when -"i ! -nowviThiat koDnDesud, your.of«ther> > -wae ; in is liisHbarii. Tfira isbe tot etfil undlookpS at htm by the lantern light. She did not'faiow what to do, and yet sbe was .not -troubled, for she thooght he would kco wi." - . Maverick glanced down at her and saw what disturbed her. He smiled — a. slow, friendly smile. ' Yes,1 he said, . you'd better give me ten dol'ars for him— then he'll thank me for breakiu" bis door. And I brought you over, you know ; but then you gave me lots of good advice on the way, eo wt're quits. , But I would like to hive the purse.,: He took it oot of her hand as heepoke.and emptied it 011 her la->. picked out a bill, which he put backj closed the little stiver snap of the porlr- monnaie, and put it in his pocket. ' Here we are,' he said ; it must be near midnight. But there's a light in the back of the house. It won't tako long -to wake them.' . He drew -up the horse, jumped down, lifted Helen after him, and took the lantern in bis band. Tbey walked op tbe long pa'h to the honse, which was' dark-except for-the one light tbey- bad seen. . Maverick knocked vigorously ; they waited, without speaking, a few- moments. 'They haven't heard,' he eaid, and knocked harder. From far off came a noise Of opening and shutting doors, and voices ; evidently the people were stirring. 'They are coming,' he eaid, and drew closer to her. She saw the look'ip his fac, eager, hungry, sad, and then she seemed to ere htm again as he stood beside the wheel, holding brr life in bis hand, and bringing her safe through the ravening wavce. ' Gkiod-by,' he cried, and put out his hand. She laid her own in it, bending towards him ; his arm went abont ber waist and gathered her close ; his head bent nearer and nearer ; their lips met The next moment tbey board a key turn in the lock. He released her, and was gone without a word, as a flood of light fell over the threshold. She stepped across it and the door closed behind her: ( To ie concluded, next week J 