VTOLET TOnw .SOTL'S. We notice ib the, Petcrsburg Times, of South Australia, tliat a" benelit was ten dered to ,lr'h T. Wallaceo (san of Air T Wallace, of Dalxunattuim) on WutedneRday, the 19th instant, The benefit' wan given by the -Petersblrg Dramatic annod Mlsical Club in recocntition of the vainable ser vices rendered by Mr \\\rallace during the I ;ast seven years. Our enote:nporary says: -Diring this period Mr Wallae ha.ts proved himself to be at most active and versatile membelr of tihe clll, and so .thoroughuly ann hc ingratih.tcd himself into the favor of the amnusment loving public. that any caste of characters now seelms iqcom/plete without bis atume--indet:t, he imay be reganrdd ahnosot a indispensihle ! to the Society as thoe ghost to the prodnc- I tion of Ilamlet. air Wallace emtne; to Pletcrsillnr wsitlh an esitalllitli led replimltionl from N iii..racootre. where hie tI.It been the life aund onil of the local l)ranatic Soeilety, inieldinig ts it dill some?e of the best. talent of the Sitllh east Froni the lirst it wis l s.ctct?l t 'ln.ti shoerg hld stlirelil a prize, II' and his arrival mII rkel a new era in hmcal in ...t'en " ..rainaties, Durin, the years that to ha:lye passed Mr \\\'allce,: has never spared le himiself, wurl many lphillrthlrpi,: moIveU- if ilenlts hiave loen largely helped al ng bly i his ellorts. The lenelit lein ,:dUl ,i this l occasion iwas tlherefolre a gr:,cefiil comnlpli- sc melt on the part of his fellowv 'lhespia,s, I; while the spledid lluse slhoved t lit Iihe . society's action mie l popnlir approvail l." it WeO arl. very pileasedl to recorl theo fact t tha:t Mr Clharles 'Ain\ilison has lleoi sllc cesmfiil in paIssin: his exllinlion its civil ill egingieen . Wheni Mr HIhltIlil i took the it pusition of shire seCi'eIrl' iat V?iolet Town, Mr Andersin was iplinced undler his training for tile plrofession, of civil engineer and hisd success is largely due to the blirot c?lss tuition lie has rect eieed froill Ilhat genitle- i mano. arinrg the past three yvers lie his devoted nll his spire tiin Ie toi gaining knowledge Oln the suobljects which were: to lit hi for the prolfessionl , :and theli rewar t of his labors iiiist lie highly sitilmetlary to hin. mProfessor Kirnnt, one olf i the examineriiieis, coingratuila.tedl him oin hisi suc cess in passing fully on his tirst tridu-al mitost la recoril performaiintem--aniiil ino ihtl lit iMr Anderson's iiimaniy ftiends will tie pleased to Ilheaur of his silccxess., A meetilg. of tihe local detlhmlitont iof Victorian LMounlitedl I11i.e was held ait 3ltS!tanue'.s Kiatl li otel iton Frilay evening last ferthe piurpomse of airrangiiag istcial in coniniection with the visit of the SIil rile ,m teaim: oil the 4ih of Novlembellr. The chlir I imas oecupied by lieiut. It, 1). Urc?ker, amnil there were also present Privai.ll.es Neil, Mlaher, M)lc;l ane, Curoker, lh enler;sn and t Southiern. It wase decided ito hutl aI soli it on the evening iof thie -tlih lproiximnio, and Private Neil was appointelm tIo) It 'is secre ta'rv. The whole of m iltle Imieminibers omf lite ileimelltlltlet weret formeid geineral lcom l initeem, iiand a woring committee,. colllnipis ilng Pri iateS IlicFli rlaine. lbiiiinson, Slouith. Urn and the secretaIy, i;is relLeci to Iiimke ,ill aIrrangelllments. The prices of adll ission were lixad a:s follows :--lI.oblo ticket is, extrai lady Is. 'The coinmmittee of the local Mlecliamnics' lnstiltlme have tiot, so far. dcea!t wilh thle proposial of thle council to ptrchlase i the hall. \lemIbIers genelrailly are opposeI Sell tthe saile of the lbuihling, especially on tihe lines proposed, ani l ihereforlte oii tot feel dispoised ,to proieei itll futllher with the sbllject. L in trying to get the coullncil to lealse the ti ilding thlie main i oitbject in view wlts to -get :I front erected, anld limts naturally nahi to Ihe vailse of the ltproperty, and at thle samiie limll ilke the hitll iii I ornament to tile town. Unlder tihe new proposali l, how ever, tile conliil wril inot iindl itself to erect a fr?lntli?age cvn if thle iall Iwerel slid e to them for thie rice oif thl imllmrlgalmge, and t therefore Ihe commlittltee oblject to irimls fuerring tIlhllr rightsl to 1Ili: clinil mit suich la ridicilonihlsl; l\v smitii. At the piresLet tmime thie ll?stitite is self-supportii g. miial ?icl linling tihe e?ase thie colllmmittee have nlil tie sire to piirt with it unless by so dotling tihey cain implrove their lposition. Although the S seeuetairy has inotilfled imelbellrls two oc Ic casions that Ila meetlinm \wilht ble hItm tio _disicus tlle coimiceil's prmplo-al i quiiornnm has liot ,been got itogethler, bitt Is it will lie nleles:tiary to send i rl eply" toi tie nexi iteelini f tio e council tile initter w\i I Inro i bally te dl llt Witi next weeik. Oil Smmit;y nexi t tihe Lord Bishopl of Melbourr.e will preach andit celeblrate Iloly sit omlminnion ailt St. P l'tII's Church, E:Inroli, ait 11 o'i clck. Ie will administer the milo of cmnliihaltiou r tlhere at i t'clock, andlll again at St. I)itnstani's, Violet 'T'owni, ait 7 .lockl. It halis beeti mrviunged toi lim it itea-meetiing amid concert in time pib.ic hall, I~lron,- on Siiilrtlmiy eveninii w\vhenl the lim.thop will deli'ver;i tn adimh'ss. Umring his sla? in Viole.t tioiri his li.oIldihip ,mill At the loamil Cuillimt of Petty Sessions, 'on Frid iv last, beforem Mr UI. tiinard.. J.P., I lunry .1hn'ray proceededm against \Villinn 'ilim illlm:iml for asl.allit. Mr L:wry Iip t lared1 fmr cmlllplainanliit. Defendiiant il S mili ed that li e I mit1i mt'nm nitcl iian il.,ssllt Iiimnder1- muliliilmc lilit lint e is he ws under the inIm encm e oiSf drinki T at t thie tiii e lits ' h lhd iinlt kiinlli at il he was doi ng. 'The Coll l .mi . pllin llt, omil o lth, statedll that miefen linit hi mIt \- lconill to his hmutt and clI'lt elcllli.iaisill himll by strikiing him, knocking him down. I.ilispiig his ? iea, I oil tlle fluor, allnd il lithe wire ill-treating him. As I e (compaimiant) illwas an old mani of 70i yemIrs, lie had noll elmhncet, whith mi imimi fell mmr like thlt mie fendhnt, and malithitgi h hle ld noi wish tio press for mary.lv ?nal y he wiiante t hIil e ltinchl to dlefiendl I mhll. lThe mlelefell sa ami thiit the whoile all"ait' roise omit of i-omit Iulihitsit usingil itnliminug words to his imotiuer somo ime ileago. .M. r Lawi'ry pointle I ouit thalit l ring theI isntllll, it the colpl.ainrl nt mhlm his shirt tlrin outt, intlll thle artitde eima ini tie coirt if the liBench wishle to inspect it. M1r Liniml said lie did nolt think theme was any necessity. It wams clear to himi Ihat an as. ilt, had ieon enmnomittedl, and lie considered it silmmnefiul thtt a m'yomngi mitn-it like defendant shoiuld take advmanitmge of ;i' old man of 70. Drnmikenneso;.ws t no exctuse for thie comnmilttal of such ;in mssalt. ieJ woihl in?e defendant £. withi 1 Os costs. - 