That Upper Yarra Line. (TO THE EDITOBS OF ' TlIE TOCSIX.') Sir, — Your correspondent, ' Fruit-grower,' in his excellent summary of the position with regard to this line, hardly does justice to the shameless ' boodling ' that has taken place. The line, as originally laid out by the engineers, was a fairly good one ; but on its first inspection by the committee, in conjunction with D. Synie, that perron o jeered to what, I am given to understand, hejeleeantly termed ? the G — d d — d curve to South AVandiu.'' That was enough for the com mittee, and they immediately proceeded to cut out the place, which, of all others, they said, in their Report to Parliament,, 'must' be s-rveil! In the House, recent) v. the Minister referred to this alteration as having been made ' owing to local opposition ! ' As it was seen that this alti ration largely destroyed the utility of the line to the Wandin district, a petition to the committee was hurriedly got up, and a deputation fr.om the district went to tender additional evidence. The petition was signed practically unanimously by the Wandin district, and the deputation (drawn from both sides of the district, twelve miles apart) was unanimous in theevidence it gave in support of the petition, namely: — 'If you honestly want to make a paying line through the Wandin district, en route to Warbur ton, then start the line at Croydon, and bring it through the 'Wandin Jam Factory Valley, and so make a straight line to the Upper Yarra. That is the shortest Hue to Melbourne, and the fact of the fruit-growers of the Wandin district having placed the jam factory where it is, after voting on the ques tion of site, shows that they reckon that valley the centre of the district. It will run through the best soil, and also serve that pait of the district whicb is most adapted for sub division.' Fear's were already entertained in the district that a start at Coldstream was really aimed at ; and one of the deputa tion having referred to this, the chairman took occasion to remark, ' 1 don't know what puts a Coldstream start into their heads ; it has never been mentioned.' But. mark you, within a few r ays after the hearing of the additional evidence as above, and the presentation of the petition, , the. Minister was once more fetched up to Coldstream ?' lo-jijispect the routes,' and, by a little ingenuity in the construction of imaginary difficulties, he felt able to assure the House that a Coldstream start was actually the shortest and cheapest, and that the Department had now discovered that a(brpad gauge could be made as cheap as a narrow oueXand etdLsetc. — the long-striven for point hnd been' gained. Tf he Warrain district had served its purpose as a catspaw. and Syme's jferoad gauge line from Coldstream was fairly on -the boards !: The Minister had actually the audacity to state in the House,(.the file of the ' Age' will show it) that it really did not .matter whether the line started at Croydon or Lilydale or Coldstream. as the dis trict would be served just as well by any of them ! Note, now, that if evidence on behalf of a line from Cold stream to the Upp r Yarra bad been taken in the first in stance, it would not have had the ghost of a shovvv Such a line, as Mr. Trenvvith blurted out in committee, '? would not serve twenty people,' and hence the necessity for keeping up the pretence that the Wandin district was being served. Now, Sirs, was it all part of the bargain for that thick and thin support of the Government through the elections? and was the half-hearted opposition of the ' Age ' to Mr. Came ron only a blind .' The whole thing absolutely stinks with political dishonesty, and some of us who had taken a good deal of trouble, in the foolish belief that trustworthy evidence was wanted with regard to a paying rout-, will touch the vile thing no more. — Yours, Sec, A NOT H £ K F R U I TO RO «'EK, Wandin. 