BOB: A TALE OF ADVENTURE IN WEST \- AUSTRALIA. [By Tijiox.] (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXV.—Ik Hot Pursuit. "Where were they bound for?' 1 = asked, Vying to apeak in an indifferent tone. "Albany." "What! You drove all that way?" "Yes, we got 'fresh horses on the road. The bloke didn't seem to care how much money he shelled out. We kept going all the time." . " And was the boy always screaming ?" "No, only when we came among people. He was quiet enough driving on quiet tracks. My ghost! That was a drive ! When we got near the coast the rain fell in torrents, so thick I could hardly see the horses' heads, and at night the cold was awful. Thought I'd have tumbled off my perch many a time." " And when they reached Albany, what became of them ?' " Went straight off to the boat. They had the devil's own luck—the Orotava was off half an hour later. The young fellow set up shrieking again when they got into the launch. 'What's up now?' the captain asked. 'It's my young brother that s had a touch of the aun,' he said, and hustled the boy in. I felt a bit curious, to I hung about till the launch came back. 4 Where did those two parties go to ? I asked of a chap who was looking after the hand luggage, and he told me they'd gone to Melbourne." I rose suddenly. The ostler had told me all I wanted to know. "Get horses, take me over the same road, and you will have this," I said, rip ping open my belt and showing him the notes it contained. His greedy eyes glistened. In spite of his sporting proclivities he realised that gold in the hand was worth any amount of problematic ventures on the issues of the Mel bourne Cup. The bargain was struck on the spot. Leaving him to make his own terms with the hotelkeeper I hurried hack to Mrs. Brown, gave her the news" I had cleaned, pro mised to write from Melbourne, and was back again by the time the liocses were harnessed. A moment later we were off to Albany. No one need expect a description of that journey from me. • I saw nothing, heard nothing, was conscious of nothing, save theone fact that every moment was bringing me nearer to Bob. Heat and cold, light and darkness were all alike to me. The roughness of the road was unheeded. Ab sorbed by one passionate aim, physical dis comforts passed unnoticed. My guide com plained of hunger and thirst, grumbling some times at the scanty meals of salt junk, washed down with sweet tea, which the bush hotel affords. I looked at him in amazement ? What \- did it all matter; I ate and drank mechanically, and one might have given me stones for breiid without much fear of detection. At one of our halting-places an incident oc curred which woke mo from my lethargy. I noticed the woman who served us eyeing me silently. When the ostler had gone out of the room to look after the horses she said in a low voice— That man has been here before." "Yes." "He brought a man and a boy. They said the boy was mad." "Yes." She came nearer to me and"drew a tiny package tout of her pocket. " When they'had put him back in the buggy he made me a Bign. ' When he comes give ] him this,' he said. Ho dropped it into my hand as the-buggv drove away." I opened the package. It contained an end of the terra-cotta necktie purchased in the township. My eyes grew dim. Dear, dear little Bob! She trusted me! She knew I would follow her! She counted on my help. She should have it to the last hour of my life— the last drop of my blood. On reaching Albany I was less fortunate than my forerunners. Four mortal days bad ' "to tie lived through before the boat started for \- Melbourne. People talk about minutes seem ing to be houra—mine were years. I felt my self growing grey and worn with suspense as I lived through those four terrible days. What .might not be happening to Bob while I was left to kick up my heels in this dull port ? I don't know what my shipmates could have thought of me. My mind was so completely absorbed by the one subject that any kind of small talk demanded a supreme effort, and this I was unable to make. The anxieties of my position had worn: me, physically as well as mentally, and I was fit for nothing but sprawl ing on the deck and counting the hours that separated me from Adelaide. For it will be readily understood that I had not the patience to go on by ship to Melbourne. I meant to ! go overland with the mail. It seemed very strange after the primitive methods of travelling I bad lately undertaken to find myself seated in a railway carriage look ing out on a station platform thronged with passengers. Boys crying "Evening paper," hucksters vending fruit, cakes, and refreshing drinks, trucks wheeling luggage, and portere conducting travellers and absorbing tips—just as they do in the civilised life of the old world. I was glad to get back to civilisation. I had had enough of diggers, troopers, bushrangers, blackfellows, and the amenities of struggling fighting townships, which, in my case, in cluded a prison. The return to more orderly methods of existence doubled my chances of recovering Bob. I was so busy formiug plans that I hardly closed my eye3 during the whole of that rapid journey. Yet, when I stepped out at _the ypencer- streetstation,Ifeltas strong as a giant refreshed and perfectly ready to embark on fresh perils. I decided that my best plan would be to put the matter into the hands of a good de tective. But it was useless to think of present ing myself to the critical gaze of civilised beings before having brought my outer man into har mony with my new surroundings. I lost no time in putting myself into the hands of a skilful _ barber, and then, carefully avoiding the main thoroughfares, I purchased collars, neckties, gloves, and other odds and ends deemed essential by civilised man. I had collected quite a respectable bundle bjr the time my shopping was over, and now the question arose, where was I to induct mv new habilaments? Clearly I should have lio en gage a room in some modest hotel where I could dress-and leave my scanty luggage when I went in search of the detective. An obliging shopman gave me the address of a ■ coffee palace and I set off at once. Not being blessed with the bump of locality I missed the right turning and found myself in a narrow little street, where I was obliged to walk in the middle of the ro3d in order to see the names written above the doors. No indica tion of the place I sought met my view. I raised my eyes to the upper stories, and there something struck my eye which caused my heart to leap with joy and sent the blood coursing madly through my veins. For there, suspended to a window bar and floating gently in the breeze, hung the missing half of the terra-cotta necktie I carried in my breast pocket. 