Brevities. I Try Judges' Baking Powder.* I.O.O.F and Bruida meet Tuesday night. The French have evacuated Borgu in the Lagol Hinterland, t , Miss Cadden, Teacher of Music and Ladies School, Penrith.* ... A dividend of 6 per cent, has been declared by the Bank of Australasia. I Mr Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the colonies, is now at New York. I Mr E). Andrews holds his next social at the i Foresters' Hall on Wednesday next. Colonel Vella, Secretary to the Malta Dookyard, ii charged with embezzling £25,000. Varley, one of the Trial Bay escapees, has been captared on the Grafton to Armidale road. The " Bose of Anvergne " Opera will be repro duced on Wednesday evening, 21st instanf.# Pope Leo XIII, regards International arbitration as preferable to the Czar's proposal for disarmam nt, Chinese Imperial troops are haviug a bad time with the Black Flag rebels, who hare twice defeated them. Bone dnst and fertilising manures always on hand at W. and B. Fulton's, Cumberland House, Penrith.* . Eighteen persons have been killed in an eccident to the New York to Montreal express,, which collided with a trolly. ' The news that 40 had beeb drowned in the wreck of the Stickeen Chief turns out to be a cable-cram. All on board were saved. A couple of Solomon Inland villages hare been burnt by the crew of the Mohawk to arenge the the outrage on Mr Pratt. A calf with two heads and duplicate tails is the latest freak of nature brought to light at the Glebe Abattoirs. It was still-born. Co'Bton Hall, Bristol, where the Trades' Union Congress has been meeting, is burnt down,- a"grand [ organ being destroyed in the fire. The publio will find a good 10i worth of Groceries I for 10s, at John Lamming's Store. St. Mary a,* Sir Herbert Kitchener has inflicted a crushing defeat upon the Khalifa at Omdurman', and Gordon't murder has been thus partially avenged. " The Czar's disarmament.scheme has caught on with religious classes in Great Britain, especially dissenters, and it has' been the subject of many sermons. Kaiser William, addressing his troops at Hanover announced the victory of the British in the Soudan, and called for three cheers for Her Majesty, Queen Victoria. \- Signor Succi, an Italian fool who fasts for a living, has succeeded in abstaining from food for 33 days. He has beaten this record on former occasions. Boys at Wellingborough, Eng., placed a heap of lnggage and a wheelbarrow across the rails, wreck iug an express train and killing six of the passengers. Your Chemist keeps Wood's Great Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds, Is 6d and 2s 6d.* A sensation was caused at St. Leonards,. Glenelg, on Wednesdey, when Elizabeth Aon Bickford, a married woman, shot herself with a rifle during a fit of melancholia. Five of the British gunboats which were present at the fall of Omdurman have proceeded to the White Nile to meet the Jub Hirer expedition under Major McDonald. Mr Mark Foy's 22 footer Irex, of New South Wales, v> ill sail against a new boat specially built by the Medway Sailing Club, on the 17th instant on the Thames. A special line of Cashmere, at 8d per yard during the Sale at H. Ntale's Nepean CaBh Stores.* It was an Australian steamer, the K, and A. Coy's b.b. Australian, that conveyed the message from the American authorities to Admiral Dewey that peace had been proclaimed. News has comeJa-haad-of-a-dreadfuHnaB8gcre"of and subsequent cannibalistic feast upon the crew of a South Sea Island cutter bearing the gruesome name of " The Sea Ghost." South Wales miners hare agreed to the abolition of their monthly holiday, "Mabon's Day," and the strike is over. This and other disputed questions hare cost the district £7,000,000. Buy your Groceries at H. Noale's Nepean Cash Stores ; special reductions for July.* . News of the battle of Omdurman was receired with enthusiastic delight in London and other large cities, and Major-General Kitchener is- to receive the freedom of the city of London. A drama based on the Dreyfus case, played in. New York on Friday last, provoked shouts of " Gire him a new trial "from the excited audience. May be, the echo will reach France. Emperor William of Germany enthusiastically endorses the Czar's idea of a general disarmament. Mr Balfour, Frst Lord of thu Treasury, favors it; but France does'nt like it a little bit. Bargains in Drapery, Boots and Shoes, Clothing, etc., at H. Neale's Nepean Cash Stores.* Wilhelmina, Queen of the Netherlands, came of age (18) last week, and the Dutch rejoice. She is said to be a strong minded young lady, to whom sereral suitors have applied for a husband's billet, but she " was not taking any." A large Ameriaan steamer, the Amana, swung against O llison's wharf, Brisbane, on Wednesday, fourteen piles snapping off like matchwood. The steamers Croydon, Glide, and a lighter, were also struck, all requiring to be docked. Early Rose, Brownell Beauties, Breeze's Peerless, Snowflakes, Blaok Manhatton, and Buby Red Seed Potatoes nt H, Neale's Nepean Cash Stores.* Colonel Henry, disgracefully associated in the Dreyfus oase. committed guiaide while under arrest, The visit to the prisoner .by n general staff officer, a subsequent order to the sentry not to disturb the Colonel, and the sound of a revolver shot suggest! the story, 