Comic Ciittlnsrsl The Earliest Coinb-roaUors.—n No Risk Whatever.—A safe rc A Buy l'V.rrijon—WJiern tbo ec Tho id'iai fausbs.nO— somo oth husband. Tho Highest Approbation.—Appl the gallery. Hardly K-i: i(ol>]e fcr Jlrf-akf. " roll'1 of i::c &fa.; The u-.nn al U«e boltrm of ibe ifldd not fall iirjd hurt hlrm:clf. An Intoxicating Heauty.—A pretty gl tired In a wine-coloured silk. A Spiritual Inquiry.—"I« It likcl ghosts talk In the dead languages ?" If you don't know- v.'hon j'oti arc w you arc pretty euro to find out afterw It would be a good <leai easier Jo lov neighbours as ourselves if they ivou things tho way wo do. Why is selling ofT bankrupt goods preparing a basin oC soup '" Because a liquidation of stock." " Papa, why do they call language I mother tongue 7" " Beonucc tho fatbe seldom gets a chancc to use it." I It's Tbruc, Avic !—Soys on Irish | " It Is a great comfort to be alone, e ly when yer swatoheart is wid ye !" Mother's Imago.—VlRltor : " He the baby resembles its mother !" " Vo6, it talked when it was only six v old !" ' Mother : " Johnny, why did you mo that you wore naughty at Johnny : " Tisn't best to tell worn thing." Fricover : " If your Honour will a little time I think I can prnv nocencc." Magistrate : " All rig thirty days." Uobby : " Ilow did the Sphinx credit nf being so wise, papa ?" Mi in : " By keeping her mouth shut 3000 years." " Do you suppose the telephone replace the telegraph ?" " It ma matter what happens it's safe li telephone will have the call." " You don't even dress me decc cried. " I'm going home to pap right," replied DooUIb ; " you mig him also that I need a new suit m First Artist (patron ielogly) : " 1 Is a gocd fellow, but be never finished painter." Sccond Artist all of bis figures arc entirely too George : " I Just saw y6u comi the conservatory with Miss Qoldic handsome girl, but too reserved Thomas : " Yes, I Just reserved her " I am sorry I bought one of th mats with ' Welcomo' on It." " \N M Some stupid fellow mistook the of the word and helped himself to It night." " Josephine Is dreadfully vexed husband." " What lias bo done ?" gave l»lm gold suspender buckles at mats, and now bo won't Keep bis coat dinucr." He : " Tbat is just like a wom?n—reai the end of a novel flr*t. It scom6 to be nature of a woman to jump at a conetuGioi She : " I didn't jump in this ease, skipped." First Chicago Man : " Well, T'm engaged to be married to Mrs. Ua^ber-Bacon." Second C.M.: " You don't Bay bo ! Is po>r Rasher-Bacon dead?" First C.M.: "No; but he'fi dying." " What, then," the new woman asked defiantly, " what, then, is woman'fl spbera to-day 7" The o!d man shook his head ia eorrovr. "The earth eecma to be woman's sphere/1 he aatd ruefully. Lonesome Larry : " I'm awfully uncertain about what 1 ate at dat bnardln'-bouse." Weary William : " What did It look like V Lonesome Larry : " I can't describe It, but its nom de plume was ba&h.;" " I wonder," said tbe young rnao " whether there Is much money to be mad by writing Doveis.*' •* Some, perhaps/' r piled the professional amanuensis. " b as much as by typewriting them." "Jane," said the landlady M where are the eggs for dinner you to cook tbat dozen I borrov. tbe neighbours." " Yes, mum, but, me later to be sure and return 'em. " I see that fellow Drw60q got ne\v patent kites the other day, sonal'y he was taken up Into the feet by them. He must be crazy, crazy—but certainly a very light Nell : " Miss Bjones uses Frcnc! in the moat peculiar manner." Be Bho ?" Nell : " Yea, indeed'! breakfast yesterday, 1 asked he) liked her eggs and she eaid they chick." " Didn't your brother forget bis the amateur theatricals last ev. " No—he only got them mixed a Ht stead of saying, * I hear the tramp proacblng footsteps,' be eaJd, * I h< footsteps of approaching tramps/ " Voice at the telephone : *' Major, wi please bring your family and take s with ua next Sunday ?" Servant girl piles back through telephone): "Ma and mistress are not in at present ; b they can't comc to supper, as it's my Sunda out." "Every year," Raid the professor, "a sheet of water fourteen feet thick Is rataed io the clouds from the eea." *' What time of the year does that happen, professor ?" asked the freshman from the interior. "I should think it would be a eight worth going to see." " Do you go to school, little boy ?" " Oh, yes, sir—I love to go to 6Chool!" " What do you study—reading, writing, and arltbm metic ?" " All of those, sir !" " And are you familiar with puuctuatiou ?" "Oh, yes, Indeed, sir ! Teacher punctuated her tire las' week, an' I mended it for her In lees 'a ten minutes, sir," " An old African cruiser" writes "Soma years fince a captain, now dead, who was in command of the Island of Aseension. had to decide a very difficult point of etiquctti Some of the ladies complained to him th. the best seats In church—the front ones were taken by the wives of the Junior cers. The captain looked very thr for a few minutes, and then he ga\ cision, which was, ' In future ladles are to have the front seats.' never igaln troubled on that eubj 