THM HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM "Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." CHAPTER LV.-TWO VOLUNTEERS. When Colonel Ferris read the second | communication left by the -weird mid night visitor signing himself "Ghost," and which told that the three scouts had been put to death in the Indian village, while Colonel Cody and Lieu- tenant Hugh Seaford were yet alive, he was more deeply moved than he cared to reveal. Inquiry gave him the information that the sentinels had not seen anyone ap proach the fort. It was snowing, buit there were the tracks of a horse to the stockade gate and back again. And more, there was the letter left by the weird visitor. The colonel at once had a long talk with his niece, and she was also much moved at the communication. "I do not know whait to say, uncle, but I believe what is reported, for the man — or whoever lit is — has certainly I proved worthy of belief." "Yes; but how can he know all this — that the scouts have been slain and Seaford and Cody are alive?" "I do not know how; and yet he knew of their capture, of the attack of the Indians, and in spite of weather ithat the ; bravest men hardly dare face, he goes about very comfortably, it seems." "He certainly does. But, Ethel, what if I send for Surgeon Powell, and let him Know tne contents or tms noter "A good idea indeed, uncle; for he has ' a very clever way of grasping at situa- . tions." 1 So the orderly was sent for Surgeon ' Frank Powell, and that officer soon put in an appearance at headquarters. I Ethel was still with her uncle, and sha I watched Doctor Powell closely as lie ' read the note. But she mighit as well have been regarding a marble bust, for not a sign crossed his handsome face , at what he read. I "Well, Powell?" asked the-- colonel. "It Is certainly sad, sir, about those poor scouts; but Seaford and Cody seem , to be fortunate — in fact, colonel, I have I an abiding faith that Cody was not born to be killed by an Indian or an out law." "You believe this statement, then?" "Implicitly, sir." "And can offer no solution as to who the writer is?" Surgeon Powell did not immediately reply, and then he said: "Let me go and find out, sir." "What?" "I have been thinking of late, sir, that it was hardly right in me to let Cody . cLUU CilUSC W 1 111 ililll i Clll-wu jnwuuwo I when it might be possible to rescue 1 them." "If you see a way, you can have one- ! third of the force here to accompany you." "I do not exactly see a way, sir, and a large force would do no good. But alone, or with one other to accompany me, I might be able to do something." "It would be taking fearful risks, Powell." "Not such risks, colonel, as Cody and those with him take every moment they are in the hands of the Indians." "What would you do?" "I'll tell you ,sir. I would go from the fort quietly at night with one person, and take with me three pack-horses, for plenty of food would have to be taken, as well as oats for our horses. They would get scanty feed at that, unless we could find grass in the mountain canyons not snowed under. I would try and run across Cody's ghost, whojs so friendly; but, if not, see what could be done to wards a rescue in one way or another. I can but try, sir, and, well mounted, we would have little to fear from the In- I dians, for they will keep very close this cold weather." "And who would you take with you?" "Spurs." — "What, Seaford's negro servant?" "Yes, sir; and every inch a man. He is a giant in strength, a dead shot, i knows not what fear is, can stand any amount of hardship, and has been con stantly urging me to try to rescue his master." "Yes. uncle. Spurs was with Lieuten ant Seaford, at whose home in Texas he was born a slave, and he has gone with him everywhere, and is devoted to him," said Ethel. "If anyone else than yourself, Powell, made this proposition, I would consider him. mad. But with you it is differ ent." "Thank you, sir. Then I can go?" "Yes; but Spurs must volunteer." "He has already done so, sir, and we shall be ready to start to-morrow night." "I dislike to see you do so, but suppose it is best, though bear in mind that even Cody was captured." "True, sir, and I will risk capture to save him," was Surgeon Powell's reply as he left the colonel's quarters. CHAPTER LVI. — A STARTLING REQUEST. It seemed to all at Barrier Post that the stories they had heard of open win ters in. that vicinity were false ones, for so far there had been several bliszards and half-a-dozen snowstorms, and if the whole wintry season was to be like that the settlers would lose all theix cattle, and the stock at the fort suffer terribly. To guard against some days when the snow would cover the ground, there had been brought to Barrier Post a waggon- train of provender for horses, and they had cultivated enough land to lay aside as much more, while the meadows had also been pressed In, and a good bay crop thus secured. But all this would go by January If the snowstorms continued, and the cattle had to be fed, and It would be the same way with the settlers and the stage-line stock. Some of the late settlers had not had lime to plant and harvest a crop, and they would be the worst sufferers. The old scouts told how In their mem ory there had never been such a winter, and said that only an occasional snow storm. was the way it generally was. They predicted also that, if the winter continued as it had begun, the Indians would not only lose all their ponies and the cattle they had stolen, but that the tribes would suffer terribly, and many of the red-skins would die of cold and hunger, As if Nature was determined to show man how it could battle against him, Surgeon Powell found, upon leaving the colonel's quarters, after his resolve to go on a trail of rescue, that another storm was threatening. He was not discouraged, however, and, going to his quarters, at once sent for Spurs. The negro came— a tall, broad-shoul dered, wiry man, who was known to possess phenomenal strength, and pluck as well. He was universally popular in the garrison. He saluted the doctor, and, having been a soldier's servant for so long, waited at attention to be spoken to. "Well, Spurs, we start to-morrow night on the trail of the lost ones." "Thank Heaven for that news'." ejac ulated Spurs, fervently. "Keep it to yourself, and make your preparations quietly." "Yes, sir." "I shall take three of my best horses, one of Cody's, and one of your master's, while we must go prepared for a siege." "We will, sir." "One of the borees will carry our bed ding, rubber blankets, and a canvas shelter, with extra weapons and ammu nition, which we may need." "I understand, sir." "Another horse will carry suonlies for six weeks' campaign — say, for five — a spade, shovel, axe and hatchet, and a camp outfit." "Yes, sir; it is well to go well fixed." "It is, Spurs; for we do not know what may turn up, and we are going well sup plied." Spurs smiled, as if he were aware of that fact, knowing the doctor, who con tinued; "You will want your warmest clothing, storm-coat, and waterproof; and carry an extra outfit along with your master's in case he should have given his to some poor Lo. See, too, that Chief Cody is not forgotten. The third horse will carry only food for the animals — a little corn, as much weight of oats as he can stand, and some straw rolled tight." "I understand, sir, and I'll have all ready when you say." "We'll start to-morrow night, just as the bugle sounds lights out." "I'll be ready, sir." "And, Spurs, I'll look to the medicines and a bottle or two of good brandy, and don't you forget to take a number of pine knots to kindle a Are quickly, and a couple of. lanterns." "Yes, sir," and having jotted down all that was to be carried, the faithful ser vant and friend of Lieutenant Seaford went away to prepare for, the perilous work, before him. The next morning the Surgeon Scout had just breakfasted when the colonel's orderly appeared and asked him to come at once to the commandant's quarters. It had snowed all night, but had ceas ed then, leaving the ground around a foot deep. Arriving at headquarters Surgeon Powell found the colonel talking to Ethel Willis, and he handed to hiin a letter with the words: "Our ghostly letter-carrier was here again last night and this was found by the guard this morning stuck upon the stockade gate, and, what is more, it was pinned there with this." "It is Seaford's knife, sir." "Yes, for we all know the knife, as it was a present to him from a hardware house, and made expressly for him, and has his name on it. It pinned the enve lope to the stockade." Dr. Powell took the envelope, which was addressed to him, and sand: "If the Surgeon Scout dare follow the Ghost Guide of the Mountains he will render a deed of mercy, and may aid in the rescue of Colonel Cody and Lieuten ant Seaford. The Ghost Guide will look for him at midnight in a camp at Beacon Rock, THE GHOST." CHAPTER LVH. — AT BEACON ROCK. Having read the strange communica tion, Surgeon Powell handed it in silence to Colonel Ferris. He in turn read it, and said: "This is a strange request, certainly." "Yes, sir." "May I show it to Ethel?" "Certainly, sir." "And what will you do?" asked the colonel of the doctor, as he handed the strange communication to Ethel. "I shall go, sir; of course, .with your permission, Colonel Ferris." "With a soldier guard, yes." "Did you read the postscript. Doctor Powell?" asked Ethel. "I did not, Miss Ethel, for I do not think I saw any." It is in pencil, and reads: " This engagement with Surgeon Powell will not be kept unless he comes unaccompanied by soldiers or scouts." "Ah, that looks like a trap, Powell." "No, colonel; ghosts do not like crowds I've been told," answered Doctor Powell, with a smile, and then added: "Then I must go alone." "It says soldiers or scouts. Doctor Powell, so that does not mean alone. You can certainly Ifave Spurs accom pany you, as you intended," Ethel as sumed. "Thank you, Miss Ethel, for helping me out. I suppose I can go as origin ally intended, with Spurs." "I am glad of that," the colonel re marked; and then Ethel, who had been looking attentively at the strange com munication, said: "Uncle, this is not written in a femi nine hand." "I'll trust you for getting at the bot tom of facts, Ethel;" and the colonel took the letter, and glancing at It, con tinued: "You are right." "It Is the handwriting of Mr Burt Braxton, if I mistake not, sir. Have you not that list he wrote out for the trader?" The colonel looked at the list, but it had been returned to the post trader. The orderly was sent for it, and he re turned, with the remark that the paper could no<t be found. "Well, some day I hope all these mys teries will be cleared up," the colonel said, and Frank Powell added: " It may be that the solution is near at hand, colonel. But I must start earlier than I had Intended, to reach the Beacon Rock by midnight, for it is something over thirty miles from here, and it will be rough riding." " When can you get off ?" " After an early supper, sir ; for the horses and packs Spurs has all ready." "I shall let it be thought that you are going to the settlement;" and the colonel and Ethel warmly grasped the gallant surgeon's hand, and wished him God speed upon his mysterious and danger ous mission to keep an appointment with a ghost. When he left headquarters Ethel looked up some warm mufflers and sent them, with a few other comforts, over to him to carry with Mm, and while the sun was an hour high they saw him ride out of the stockade, Spurs fol lowing, and the three well-Jaden pack- horses in lead. The officers and men had an idea that Slircreon Powell WAR aerairt nn nno nf hiss perilous expeditions, and many a warm clasp of the hand he had as he rode to wards the stockade gate, many a fervent wish for success from the men, with whom he was a great favorite, while Spurs was by no means forgotten. "Rescue Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford, Spurs, and we'll make the President appoint you Minister to Hayti," said Lieutenant Emory, and he added, "I only wish I was going; but it's a cold day, and I got left." Out of the fort, over the trackless snow, following only the memory of a trail, went the Surgeon Scout and the faithful Spurs, and half an hour before the sun set behind a bank of threatening clouds they had dropped the tall staff and its warning colors out of sight far behind them. "The storm is not over. Spurs; so we will push on as fast as we can and try to get Into camp early." "Yes, sir." "There is a sheltered camp at Beacon Rock, a good spring, and plenty of wood, while the horses will be well protected in the thick pine timber," continued the Surgeon Scout; and he set a pace that was more rapid, for the clouds were quickly shutting out the sky. It was an hour before midnight and in a heavy snowstorm that the unerring guide rode in under the shelter of Beacon Rock. The surgeon hastly built a lire, while Spurs unsaddled the horses and led them into the shelter of the pines, where they were blanketed warmly. Spurs soon set to work getting sup per, while the Surgeon Scout shovelled away the snow for a canvas shelter to be spread. "Supper is ready, sir," called out Spurs; and, something causing him to look round, he uttered a cry of terror, for there, just within the glare of the firelight, was the white horse and his shrouded rider ! The appointment at Beacon Rock had been kept by the Surgeon Scout and the ghost. CHAPTER LVIII. — A STRANGE DUEL. A man was going through the moun tains at a swinging pace, a deer which he had just shot swung across his shoulders, and its weight, wjtli that of his rifle, not seeming to distress him in the least as he trudged through the snow, a foot in depth. He wound his way along a valley, then turned -off into a canyon, and -imlnE to the end of It, halted before the door of ! small log cabin, built over the entrance to a rocky cavern forming a chambet in the overhanging cliff. The man had not noticed that he was watched, that there was a horseman slowly following upon his trail. But such was the case, and the horse man halted in the canyon not two hun dred feet from the little cabin, and sat upon his horse quietly watching the movements of the one he was tracking. He saw the man hang the deer upon a tree near his cabin, throw open the door of his little liouBe, and soon the ruddy glare of a fire was visible, reveal ing the Interior and cavern chamber. The horseman gazed fixedly at tha one he had followed, and saw a man clad In buckskin, from moccasins to cap He saw a stalwart form, a face darkly, bronzed, long hair and beard turning! grey, and one who had the appearance of living the life of a hermit in those dreary mountains. The Hermit went to cut a chunk of venison from the carcase of the deer, and then for the first time he saw the horseman. What he saw was a snow- white horse, as the animal appeared to be, and a rider enveloped in a robe re sembling a shroud. "Ha! tracked at last. This Infernal masquerading in the disguise of ghostg shall end here and now," shouted th| Hermit; and he sprang into his cabin for his rifle. Returning, he saw that the whits horseman sat motionless, his hands raised above his head, a mute appeal for mercy. But the Hermit was as good as his word. He seemed to suspect some trick, and disregarding the silent token of sur render, he threw his rifle to his shoulder and fired. Instantly the uplifted arms wero lowered, there was a quick movement, and a returning flash and report just as the Hermit\vas about to fire a second time. With a cry the Hermit staggered backward, clutching at his cabin door, and clinging there, drew a revolver from his belt. But all grew dark before his eyes, and reeling, he fell in the snow) just as the spectre-like horseman dashed up, threw himself from his saddle) and said : "Is it surrender, old man, or shall wi fight a duel to the death?" The eyes of the Hermit opened, and were fixed upon the white-robed form before him, the weird, death-face mask, and he said ; "You are the victor, and I the van quished, for I am helpless. But ere you finish your work I should like to know if you are human enough to obey th« bidding of a man to whom you havs given his death- wound; for I have mucl! to say before death seals my lips." The words were spoken slowly, and with an effort, but the reply cams quickly : "I will gladly do anything I can for you. I fired to wound, not to kill you, and it was in self- defenoe; for I raised my arms in token of surrender, and you sent a bullet through my robe." "Why did you come here?" . "To learn who and what you are that AJAUlli. IHC 11 ab'IV Ui. LUf Monarch of the Mountains?" "To bring him to the gallows, for be deserves it ten, yes a thousandfold," was the savage reply of the Hermit. "Ah! he has wronged you, then?" "Ay, me and mine — cruelly wronged me and many others, and he deserves to die." "Who are you?" "Who are you?" was the stern rejoin- der. "I am called by some men the Ghost of the Mountains; by the Indians the Sepctre of the Haunted Fort." "Yes; and I have dogged your trail as I have that of the man calling him-, self the Monarch of the Mountains, and yet I could never track you or him to your lair. I could have killed him and you again and again, but that would not suit my purpose, so I waited. Alas! I did wrong; for now I am helpless, and my foes are the ones who triumph." "Well, I am not your foe, if the Mon arch of the Mountains is. I am tho foe of outlaws, but of no honest man; and if I arrt here in the mountains now it. is for a purpose. But first let ma see to your wound, for though I believed it might be fatal wlien I saw you fall, now I hope that it is not. Come, trust me, and you will find me your friend, old man." Touched by the words and the tone oi the one bending over him, the Hermit said : "I will trust you. God grant my, wound be not fatal." "And I heartily say 'Amen' to your prayer," responded Xhe strange man;' and lie sprang to his feet, adding : "I can and will save you, black as it all looks now for you, severely wounded ia this drear place." CHAPTER LIX.— ONE UNFINISHED' MISSION. "You are seriously, If not fatally wounded, I deem It my duty to tell you| but I will do all In my power to savt you." So said the one who had fired the shot at the Hermit, and who was in the weird masquerade of a spectre horseman. "At first the bullet; seemed to havu cut through my body. I grew faint, and it seemed that I had but a few mo ments to live. But then I rallied when you came, and though I am suffering 1 feel stronger, and the wound may not be fatal, ".replied the Hermit. The "ghost," as I will call him, had removed the Hermit to his cabin auA placed him upon the bed of skins and blankets be found tbere. Then, he bad thrown open the heavy bucks tun coat and wooiien shirt, and discovered the wound just ov.j the right shoulder. "I saw that you intended to fh e again, and so aimed to wound you in the tight arm; but I ste the' bullet has passed Unough the liesh ot your arm, gmziug the bone, and entered here beneatn your shoulder, and I think has not gone very deep. I know very little about sur gery, but can dress your wounds, and help you while you have to lie up." "Who are you?" "Call rne Ghost, for just now I am going in the guise of one." "You doubt. ess frighten many Indians, scouts, and even soldiers, but I do not fear phantoms." "You must have a good conscience." "I have wronged no man or woman, but I have lived of late years for one purpose." "And may I ask what that is?" "To kill a man." "Come, you must not excite yourself, for, remember, you are to get well." "I sought to kill you because I sup posed you were the tool of that man." "Who?" "The Monarch of the Mountains.." "I am the tool of no man, though I may appear so." "And yet you serve that man." "That may appear so, too." "I could have killed him, as I said, many times; but tbat would not do, for he would have died with a secret on bis lips that 1 must know. So I have spared him, hoping to track him; but he has always eluded me, though he did not even know I was upon his trail. But here I am telling to you, for some rea son I cannot understand, just what I would not have him know, yet you do not know me, do you ?" "I do not." "I have not told you my name." "No." "You could not tell him who I am?" "No; and would not if I could." "Th->n he would not guess, even If you told him you found an old hermit hun ter living in the mountains who said he was his foe ; for he has so many, you know — so many men who would kill him could they do so, could they only find him: and besides there is a rope waiting for his neck. "But I must first see him face to face, first learn the secret which he alone can tell, ere he dies; and, do you know, I believe in a just retribution, and that he will die by the hand of one he has cruelly wronged, 1f 1 ot by mine. But . you will not tell him all this, will you?" "I will not." "Do you know who he is?" "I know him only as the Monarch of the Mountains, but I suspect that he is a fugitive from justice, a crime-haunted man, and that he has an evil aim in life, even though he dwells in the moun tains — In fact, I know that he has." The Hermit would have again spoken, but the Ghost had dressed his wounds and said : "You must keep quiet now. I will re main to-night, and then come daily to see you, either I or one other." "The Monarch?" gasped the wounded man. "Oh, no; he shall not know of your existence, I refer to one who will care for you even more tenderly than I can. Now I will see to the comfort of my ho roe, for It is growing late, and then come back and cook some supper, after which I will turn In for the night, for I have had a long ride to-day, and only turned 6ff my trail to track you." "I will obey you," the Hermit said ; "for I wiBh to get well. My mission on earth is not yet finished." (To be continued). 