SCRAPS AND GLEANINGS, [BY: Coxes.] Even our public servonts are inclined to wit. Notwithstanding that they keep on theo even tenor of therir way from one year's end to another an occasional gemn of satire or oparkling fun finds its waiy from steorrn official lips. During excursiont time they have a pretty play and old Farmer Hayseed furnishes a splendid sulbject. Something very good occurred in con necrion witlr the Traralgon to MoHira train one night not so very long ago. Some of tire wayside stations are mere sidings : the train only makes a short atoppage and tirhe guard has to act ltie part of stationmaator, porter, ticket collector, to any nothing of doing tire " woman-int.charge duties." On the rnighlt in question whien tire train ar rived at Dawson, one of tire statiotns above referred to, most of tihe pausen- gers wore in the arms of Somnus, but when the guard strode up anrd down tire station calling out in a high-pitclh"d voice - " Dawson,' " Dawson." - "Olhange here for KIlondikte I" there was a generatl rousing and tire passes. gers involuntarily put out their hands to grasp their sleeping bags; but when their waking faculties were in tihe assendant they realised they had been the victims of a joke and after a grin at the "wit of a departmental slave," they once more resigned themselvecs to slumber, such reing made especially comfortable as they realised the differ ent position they would hrave been in had it really been Dawison Oity. X - - x It is astonishing how out of irrsignil. cant thringe many hIidrous and terrify. ing objects are conjured up by thire simple eshades of night.; Ghosts, Ihob goblins and all others of that ilk ore more vaporings of adistempered imagi nation. But still sot sensitive and impressionable is the human mind that it is absolutely iinpoesiblo to look on such thrings as rub:bishl, and that feel ing of dread for lthe supernatural is accentuated when the surroundings are dark, gloomy and awesome. A few nights back a Maffra resident was laying awake listeninrg to tihe dismal equrinoctial gales howling round tire house, when his attention was suddenly struck by a peculiar sound that could not be sot down to tire wind. Visions of burglars, or worse still ghosts, flitted through his mrind, but courageously lighlrting a candle he made iris way in the direction from whence tire sound proceeded. Finding himself at last near the back door lie thought it must be some benighted traveller seeking a place of refuge, so be hailed whoever might Ire outside. No reply was vouchsafed but a continual knocking at the door. Ghost or no ghost he at last determined to.brave it and in a tries had the door open. At first hris nerves were rudely shaken but when he at last calored himself auiflciently to ascertain the real cause of the dis turbance his risible faculties were greatly in the ascendant. There before hIim was a white calf and all the time it had been laboriously "suck sucking away at the door knob," tihe rattling he hieard doubltless being pro. duced try the discontented push the calf gave tire knob and, door when it found that no milk floirwed as a result of its suck. Young blood is always irnclined to pranks and jokings when opportunity occurs no matter whether it Ie day or night. A well known local participa tor in such had an experience tire othrer night which Ihad the effect of embaras sing him in one sense and affording cause for gratilicationtin another. It so happened that he tied his horse up to the post outside one of the local hostterica and at a late hrour went to seek his noble steed only to find that the animal hard either got away or somebody had with tirhe savotir faire peculiar to some of the Mrnffra youths, put it to his own use, revking little whether thre owner wanted it or no. He was in a quandary but an obligirng friend came to his rescue and offered Ihim a mount. Gladly accepting the prolfered animal tire gay Lothario who recks little of railway gates bounded on to. tihe steedl and with his usual whoop and hallo made off. The animal he bestrode being young and timid resented such tactics and in a brace of shakes commenced that up and downr and sideways motion that sends such a thrill of exultation toe genuine Aus tralias Ihorseman, who delights in mounting a real good huckjumper. It was pitch dark and the obliging friend, who was now convulsed with laughter could only see tire red point of a cigar as it rose oand fell with tire motions of the anrimal, there being also brought to himin the still night air the ejacula. tions aud expostulations of the rider. Being a good horseman Ire ant out the trying ordeal and cantering over to thire animal's rwner burst forth with the remark-" By jove, can't he buck, which only sent that individual into further roars of merrirmet. After taking the crupper, off tire animal was all right and the rider went away Ironme, as tlie lender tlhorrgiht, but thrat was trot the programmne mapped out as ire went in search of his siseing Ihorse and towards dawnr canto back withr iris property and restored tire borrowed mroutrt to tIre frietld, who loomed nomen wlrat rueful attn crestfallen as Ito sur veyed his horse, tihe animal showirng considerable signs of exhauntion after tire long hurrt for tire otther Irorso. Horrors were titus about easy but even now tire roan wito lent the trorse ripples over withr Irughiter as ire recalls tie midnight buobjuooping episode. In a municipality not far frotm Malfra when councillors meet their President in his room, what is known as hints are thrown out, be tihe day neither hot nor cold, which are in variably well understood, ansd the councillor at the hein at once adopts the right course to make his brother councillors feel altogether themselves, which of course has a marked effect in the dispatlch of thu orders of tihe day. Not long sinco our coutncillore lhadtl occasion to troop docwn in a botldy towards tihe neclhanica' Institute, the President in his uniform being con spicuous as he kept even step with one of his colleagues from, the West Riding. Several other councillors strode on in front, whits one of the councillors from the East Riding broughit up the rear. The company by this time were just passing Bnanister'a when suddenly the man bringing up the rear was suddoely seized with an intuition anid hie cried out - "Halt II" Un consciously everyone stood still, anid all simultaneously felt overcomo by drought; those in front turned to their leader awaiting instructions. The nuddenness of the affair and the conse quent disorganisation of the ranks so embarrassed tihe " man in the khakee suit" that he failed to underetand the hint, and with parched feeling the squad moved on. Try again Briago. long ! x + +I + The sick man and his friends. First Friend : * Feeling run down, el i Now, take miy advice-tie a boiled onion between your eye: it's the only thing that will cure you." Second Friend : " My boy, what you want'to do is to put a cold poker down your back under your shirt-and paint your arm with lampblack- it's the only remedy that's aly good." Third Friend : " Oh, I know what's wrong, my boy I My mother said that sunflowers tied round the waist and a lump of lard on the head were the beat things in tihe world for it." Fourth Friend : " In all my experi ence I never know banana rinds tied around the knee to fail to cure." Wife : ' Yes, Jolhn, dear, all these things may be good, but there's noth ing like this tonic my grandmother used to make of vinegar, sulphur, henzine, sugar, zinc rust, and cobwebs. Now take some, darling." He has tried them all, and is still uncured." 