ILA. SONAMBULA. , SIAPTER V. n (oa?m was so completely stunned with d i: fright that she fell back on her pillow d like one dead, and could .not have a "lited even baher hand to save her life. But after awhile she recovered herself SSfliciently to open her eyes and look about her. Y '"I' That is to say, she would have f ?Qlooked about her, only that the lamp ihad gone out, and the room was in :lutter darkness. N:.. Now, as the lamp was wont to burn ten hours, and she'had taken care to ':. have it replenished the lest thing, its sudden extinction could not have been aooidental, and must have had a far more alarming cause. "I wonder if I have ever been very wicked P" sighed Grace. " This must be sent me as a punishment for some. thing bad I have done ;and, of course, it I don't know what it is, I can't repent or atone. It can't be wrong r to care for Jack ; and if I used to flirt d once upon a time, I never drove any man mad or made him commit suanicide, b as one hears of girls doing sometimes. Perhaps Jack may have deserted some b girl for me, only she wouldn't have had time since this afternoon to hear of it, and die of a broken heart. It is more likely there is a family ghost, and they have put me in the haunted chamber." This view of the matter was not re. assuring, and it seemed terribly h feasible to Grace huddled up under ° the clothes, listening to the beating of n her own heart, and wondering fear a fully what would happen next. c B. : ut as nothing did happen next, c she became gradually a little braver, and ventured to uncover her face. There were a few sparks remaining in the grate, and a piece of stick ignited n under their persuasion, and sent up a faint flame, which showed Grace that the room was empty and just as she : had left it over.night. .. Profiting by the little flash of courage this discovery gave her, she jumped out of bed, re-lighted the lamp and her toiletto candles, looked into every corner of the room, and then returned to bed to wait anxiously for the morning. No sooner did she hear the servants about than she slipped on her dressing gown and went to her mother's room, where she told her story. " Mamma, I saw the faee as plainly as I see you now ; and for the second time," said Grace emphatically. "I could not have been mistaken twice, you klnow." "Perhaps not; but I really don't understand it. I have never allowed myself to believe in supernatural appearanceoos. And why, indeed, if sunch things were possible, should you be picked out as the victim ?" " I don't know, mamma; but as it is clear that I am, the sooner we get away from Birlingham the better." " What I and leave Jack P Non senouse, my dear ; that wouldn't do at all, Betweeoon our two selves, the young man is not very desperately in love, and the flame, what there is of it, requires fooeeding skilfully if it is not to go out altogether. You would be in an awkward situation if he were to write to you one of these days and say lie had mistaklen his feelings, and therefore it would be better for you, as well as for himself, that your engage. inoat should conso." "IHe would never dare do that, mamma." " I should stay if I were you, at any rate until your engagement is known in the neighborhood and you have a stronger hold upon him than you have now. It's a pity, for some things, that you have set your heart on Jaeck Mordarnt, Graeoo; but as you have, we must try and keep him up to the mark. To.night you can share my room if you liko, as Anstastia objooto to a bedfellow; and perhaps Mrs. Mordaunt will be able to suggest a better arrangement for to-mor row. Only that of course, you are prepared for a good deal of ridicule, my dear. Nobody does believo in ghosts nowadays." "I quite agree with all you say, mamma, and of course it is much more feasible that I saw one of the maids than a ghost; at the same time I am quite positive I did not see one of the maids. I am not naturally fanciful, mamma, as you know, and have al ways boon the first to laugh about ghosts and all that sort of things ; but after what I have soon the last two days I could believe anything." And Grace looked very much in earnest, and moreover so agitated and overcome that Lady Wimborne rang np her maid and told her to got the girl a strong ctep of tea as quickly as possible. This certainly comforted Grace ; but it staggeredLady Wimborno tofind that oven in the broad daylighlt, withl others about her, Graso hold staunchlly to her story, and was quite eo certain of her own improesions as she had booen whlen in the darknous tile night before. But being a practical matter.of-fcot sort of a woman, the first thing Mrs. Mordaunut asked, whoe all this repeated to her, was it Orasoe hed loeokltod her door when shel went to bed. " Becanuo," !she added, "nithoughl I should only have roepectable servants in sly I oses, one ol them mighlt walk in her sleeoop," " Conlid I manage to soee the nerr vante ?" iinquired Grnoo. "I seolll know th ie hien again direcotly I awr it," "I will lexplaei overylthing to Ithe heecnt~lvtclce,'c , C ,i, e iC eell, seil I leell l'oe eoc will emc eeele it ceOiecee eseleecen thecy l' at dilcellr (c ll ey, I eI'horn is ei sllhlc ill the , hiclele c, ies linge inlt tie tervs ntc '.cialeche , troli it worthl, of ccienl, eo evel at meecaellcncs for lhie litcee, ,te, 1( ye lu c Ihp )' c erei lf lher yll e c.ip!llcitjc h n lIedo , tcII cc,, eli w ite o ' les leie r c li' dly i' I ccc lll' ec .cs cc li! \ls)elecI t! ct c,'i! cU ticd I scecueitl iee1ic je!ct clicl lc, I 1 lesce 'ci Phte c P slc!! 1tY U?!,g.M !lvi " Generally; but I am apt to' forget C it at Limes." it "And last night you had a good h deal to think of," observed Mrs. Mor. daunt arohly. "We may put it down a as probable that you forgot it last d night, may we not 1" o " As possible, rather. I can hardly o imagine it to have been probable when n you consider that I had had a serious ti fright the night before and was still n very tremulous. But unfortunately h I can't bb certain, as I was in such a fl itrry, to got to bed whilst Iheard people about." - a "I am afraid we shan't easily get n to bthe bottom of the mystery," ob. a served Mrs. Mordant, smiling in a p way which showed she did not attach p very much importance to Grace's story; "but, at any rate, I will see. p that you have another room prepared g for you to-night." it " Mamma was proposing that I should have a bed in her dressing. n room, if you don't mind, Mrs. Mor. 't daunt." b " On the contrary, my dear, I think II it would be an oioellent, arrangement, because you can keep the door open a between, and call out if you feelfat all n afraid." A "Thank you, that will do very tl well," Grace replied. o Jack had thought of running up to town that day on pretence of business, tl and so putting off the evil hour of his h interview with Lady Wimborno. But o he reflected afterwards that, as he o could not put it off altogether, the a next besoat thing was to got it over; a and so watching his opportunity, he caught her ladyship on the stairs, and n carrying her off into the library, for. n mally asked her younger daughter's ji hand. Lady Wimborne did not think it a necessary to look surprised, but re sponded most graciously. d "I do assure you, dear Captain A Mordaunt, there is no one in the p world to whom I would so gladly give v my beloved child as to you, for I know you will be good to her. We won't spoil all the romance of the situation c by talking about business to.day, will we ? I am sure you will consider e dear Graoe's interests in every way a that is proper; and that is all I ask. v She is a very amiable, sweet girl, t Captain Mordeunt, though I say it, who shouldn't, perhaps; and a good a daughter always makes a good wife." n Jack smiled internally. ." And," continued her ladyship, c wiping her eyos, " sadly as I shall miss her, I am ready to give her up to E you at any time that you demand this t sacrifice on my part. A mother must not consider her own feelings at suol I a time; and to nee my dear ones happy will make mue happy too. I suppose you and dear Grace have not settled yet when the wedding is to be ?" '" We have not spoken about the i wedding-day yet," replied Jack with I an ombarassed yet resolute air. " We are only just engaged, you soo." " I know ; but long engagemoents are a groeat mistake. I am sure you will agree with me there. They wear people's affections out, and their courage too; and you see, my dear Captain Mordaant, when there in no. thing to wait for, delay causes a good many unpleasant remarks." " I'll take care that none are made whore I am, my lady," he answerod grimly. " They are not likely to bhe made whore you are; but they will be made for all that, and my dear child must be the sufferer. However," ehe added, with affected gaiety, " I will leave you to settle all this between yourselves ; and I have no doubt you will come to a pleasant understanding." So saying, her ladyship rose with a formidable rustle, offered Jaok her hand, and then sailed out, looking from behind, as ho irreverently said to himself, all falso hair and flounceso. She was just the sort of mother-in law Jack thought peculiarly objection. able; but he was in for it now and could not help himself, But if he found no other way after he was married of resisting her aggressions, he must lot the placeo and go abroad. Anything would be better, he decided, than having "dear Grace's " mother always at his elbow to keep him up to his duty. But there was no need to anticipate evils. Ho was not married yet, and, if only some better match came in t Grace's way, he fancied shid would Ssoon give him the go-by. This was a consummation devoutly to be hoped, and one which would even find a place in his prayers; for he know that no d worso deotruction could come upon n man than to be mated with one whom he neither rospeooted nor loved. Of course, it was his own fault; but Sthenou very few of nas are so severely Spunnishod for a foolilsh impulse as Jack had boon, and it soomed hard that all the happiness of his life was.to go to expiate one error, which could scoarooly be called a sin. The next few days passed without inocidont of any kind. Jack was but a t cold lover, and Grace often felt very mortified and hurt; but he treated lher Swith all proper considoration before r othloro, and was always ready to ride, drive, or walk at her bidding, so that she was forocd to be eatiAfied and look t forward to better days, Ik 11o also gave her handsomo pro sours to lusake sup for other defooiolncio, and Graceo mde thie nmost of tlhoo to her friends., lut, to do her justion, nheo would hiave given tbom all tinik.i fully for oee lohok of real love or a c hih, lhat omne fe?lin tle hleort. c Ma,?nwhile, she had intl n notthitg Ill ore of the ile le ril oni/t ', miliel wooI IO S sth lueeh her p ejt inte the cervalllci h I lllh ct lll lthtl l l h er t iat heur I lf Itl'-i nd viiM.tr hIb i tI11h'100 jn one o f l, bIt ler iItIIll'lli ill t, A lilne oif t' ell tier, Iit I |iclthiliII~ lI y fit'vie itj wec hllh III , 'ti 1) 11ieeeI.p hll h l. I ! till ,etl c l cihie , ,liii teC ti 1i e c11, elivvil let, ' it eel Icetillct ut e!,I t ,1 civi ,l elite tee, teeth Oaptain Mordaunt'e will turning out, a in the long run, to be stronger than c her own. V But then Graeoo was as obstinate as r a mule, and had found hitherto that a t dogged persistence generally wore I other people out; and so was sure of her own way in the end. Sheo 1. never doubted that she should be able N to manage Jack as she managed her L mother and Anastsuia, and made up her mind to open the campaign on the t first opportunity. I Something that she heard two days after her engagement prejudiced her h more than ever against Burlingham, fi whinch she ame to regard as an im peslible home for her, either in the a prenent or the future. a Jack had an old nurse who had been a pensioned off when he and his sister a grow up, and lived now very happily in a little cottage in the village. c When she heoard of Jack's engage. e mont, she went up to the house directly to ask if the news were true, and to E beg to be allowed to wieh the young h lady happiness if it were. a Unfortunately, Graoc and Jack were out riding; and, as Molly's "rheu- u matics" made locomotion difficult, Mrs. Mordauont promised for Grace v that she should go and see her, instead ( of giving Molly another journey. Grace did not seem exactly to relish I the idea, for she always raid that she e hated common people, and did not d oonsider that even long and faithful t: service constituted any claim, as, of a courso, they had always been paid for r all they had done. t Jack saw that she was not very d willing, and putting it down as shy nees, offered to accompany her ; but, I just as they were starting, his steward came on business, and Grace had after t all to go alone. t Anastasia, who was strolling up and 7 down the terrace in the sunshine with a Mr. Rogers, laughed at her as che |a passed and said l?ho would not make a very favorable impression on Molly if I seb did not put on a more amiable face; and this of couree rather in- 1 oreased Grace's ill.humor. "It is so ridiculous having old h servants," she said to herself crossly, as she marched through the lanes. " I will take care I don't havoe anything of the sort when I koop house." However, the fresh air and the sun shine influenced Graso pleasantly in a spite of herself; and by the time she I reached Molly's cottage she was in olinod to be civil, if not exactly cordial. Bho found the old woman citing in setate by the fireside, in the very brown silk dress she had worn at Jack's christening, and photographs of the family hung upon the mantelpiece in conspionous positions. She got up, in spite of her rheu matism, to make Grace a ourtesy, for the matoh was one Molly thought very suitable in every way and a credit to the family. Grace supposed slhe ought to shako hands, and did it. Then selo sat down by the fire, knowing well that she was going to be entertained for the next hour with an account of overythiug Jack had ever done or said as a boy ad naelseam. For Graoo was not capable of the kind of tenderness which would have made all those httle reminiscences so attractive to some women, and felt horribly bored even in anticipation. However, Molly was no fool, and told her stories so graphiaonlly that Grano was quite amused in spite of herself, and began to show some interest in the conversation, especially when it branched off from Jack's infautino disorders and boyish pecan dillooe to the family history generally. " I do say Mr. Jack is just a won der, considering what bad blood there has boon in some of the Mordaunts, mise," said old Molly, who thought, aseGrace was about to belong to the family, she need not be particularly diasreet. " Now there's his great uuolo, Jamos-whose portrait stands on your right as you go into the picture-gallery- ho was a wicked old gentleman, if you like." " How was he wicked ?" " Well, miss, he loved all ladies better than his own wife," answered Molly, "and uned to leave her all alone at home whilst he weont to Court and amused himself. Her ladyship, who was a daughter of the Earl of Sydham, had a great fortune; but he spent it all, and then, as hoe was not lilkely to come into any more cand was rather in his way, he out her throat and throw her body down a i deep pit that there need to be over yonder by the chalk-kiln, even so late L as in my tinme." a "And Ihow was it found out P" inquired Grnoae. S" Well miss, her ladyship had a Sfavourito dog-she had no children, Spoor dear-and when the dog missed its mistress it wont howling about all Sover the pine soarhobing for her, until Sit was enough to make your blood run old. At last he tookl to standing at b the edge of the pit and howling there; anud as he would not come away, Speople bogan to think there must be r something in it." " I wonder tlhey didn't thlink so at first, conoidoring that their mistresso was missing," put in Gratc. S" To be auro, miss, they mighlt a weoll, but, somohlow, they didn't; and whes tlsey did begin to nsuspet, the ,diftlloulty was to got anyone to go Sdown, you soee, as it wan a great risl, , and tho colonel did not saffer any re award," "1 'I wonder that didln't smake tihens dlslhly eninine el," l " Prhap it did ; htnt in those dayo fia o ra ItsaDl tievitea sse were a c o d daIlla , liaioe, aissler a gaaatltninaa'i tlhsns ha than ithy i ra) I so)w, sI uailhl dy llcid Is 5tiititut s (1ti Illteultr s|uasl Ilst cc l istset. ah tthip?ifa s r t Isle iaha" "i fI tWll t wllat hlt ot l iti hal t llllitlch ., ti l ftaY fiace, i htac ; ta i ,l f tficai f , Ictil ,f tl,tlttic ljtt , of the day on which it was held the colonel went out on horseback as he was accustomed to do; and as he did not coern back the inquest was put off till next day and eoarch was made for him. At one place they found signs of a great ecramble, as though a horse had gone over a oliff, They went down directly and looked for him; but, though the horse lay there still warm, and nluost palpitating, there was no sign of the master, and he was never soon again." "Perhaps he was underneath, and had been buried in the mud by the foreoo of the fall." " That is just what Miss Tremlowe said when I told her tlo story," said old Molly. " But I should think they searched thoroughly whilst they were about it, shouldn't you ?" "Ono would think so, But how came you to tell Miss Tremlowe this story ?" "I don't know, mise, I am sure. She is often kind enough to come in here, and sit witll me a bit, and I am apt to dwell a good deal on these old stories with people who will listen to me." " I shouldn't have thought they would have interested her," observed Grace, rather haughtily. "I don't know about that, miss. Her great-grandfather was the young eat brother of the very James Mor. daunt I have been telling you about; but, you seeo, he married below him, and fell into poverty, and his daughter ran away from her husband, so that the two branches of the family got divided, you see." "Do Mrs. Mordanut and her son know about the relationship ?" "It can seareooly be called a rela. tionship now, miss, being so far back; but Madam told me herself that Miss Tremlowo was a sort of fourth cousin, and asked me if I didn't think she was a little like some of the old family pictures. But perhaps you have noticed that yourself, miss ?" "I have never seen Miss Trem lowo." " Really now I and been in the same house with her for over a fort night ?" said old Molly innooontly. "Perhaps she's ill." "I fancy she has been rather poorly-I heard someone say so," answered the girl; "but in any ease she could not attend to her duties properly if she were always in the drawing- room." "No; but always and never are very different words 1" said old Molly decidedly. " Madam is very kind to everyone about her; but perhaps she thinks her company might object to Miss Tromlowe because she is only a governess." Graoo looked half-inclined to resent this speech. But remembering that old Molly was a privileged person she simply said " As far as I am concerned I don't see anything to object to in gover nessoes if they are ladylike ; but you didn't finish your story, Miss Love. day." " No more Idid. Well they couldn't find the colonel's body, Miss; but her ladyship's body lay in state, and all the neighborhood round came to see her and spoke of her with affectionate pity and respect. But the strange part of it was that every time the door was opened her pot dog stole in and lay down on her cold bosom and bit and snarled at those ,who took him away. And so ounning and doe termined was he that when she was laid in her coffin he hid himself in the folds of her dress, and so was buried with her in spite of them all. And now when any misfortune is coming to the family you are sure to see her ladyship with the dog at her heels gliding through the passages, al though she only stares at you with' her hollow eyes and. then rushes. away." Grace turned very pale, although she tried to laugh. " How very absurd, Mise Love. day I" " Well I saw her ladyship and the dog just as plain as I soo you at this moment the very day that poor Miss Mary had died." "Oh I pray don't tell me such dreadful things I" exolaimed Grace. " I shall never be able to live at Bur lingham if you do." " I have told you I don't believe in anything of the kind," lshe added, the more dooidodly that she had a terrible fear on her. "And now I must go, for it is getting late. Good afternoon, Mise Loveday. I'll come and see you again before I go away." (To be contisemied.) 