ABEL BRAKE'S 1FE [jly JOHN SAUNDERS.] CHAPTER VI. (Continued.) 'No. l dolina- that is, I don't like the inill.' ' And whatten'-Barbara was about to change the word and say ' whati lunt after her pause shie repeated ithe former phriase emphatically :-' And whatitci do you like ?' ' The 'larmy !' ' Not surgery, or medicine, or aught of that sort ?' ' Lord no ! What made you ask ?' 'Iecause I call see you're clever that way, sir.' 'Ah, don't be deceived by the uni versality of my talents ! Why, Barbara, I coult preach you a. capi tal sermon at a qualrter of an hour's notice, if you'd let me, and shouldn't at all dislike the business. Only if you would be so good as to confess ia little to inc first, by way of getting me into the right spirit, and of giv ing me some materials for my dis course, iy scrllon would be better would come closer lhomenc. WVhat !- you are not going "away ? Come come ! I won't stop you much longer; and ihren I do go, I shan't come again in a hurry, I promise you.' ' Well, then, sir ?' ' Vell, then, my father hates the army, and feels a good deal about my want of feeling for the mill. My mother I can llanage ; but, somehow, she holds me here in spite of myself. Barbara, do you like my mother ? Ah, yes !-you needn't say any more. Your face speaks for you, as it does with all honest people before they get spoiled. Now, what would you do if you.were lin ?' ' Seetle it before neet-I mean night -and either go to th' mill or th' army to-morrow, sir.' 'Eh !- what ? The deuce you would'? On my life I believe you though. Hllag me if ever I expected to find myself shamed by a womalf. But I'm not going yet, if it be only for your sake.' ' My sake, sir ?' 'Yes, i'll stay a bit longer to plague you. Who taught you, I should like to know, to get at things in this straightforward fashion ? I shouldn't wonder if you .don't turn out a revo lutionist of the first twater-a Rlobe spieite in petticoats, or a red republi can fresh from0 the nursery. I want tor know more about you ; it's my duty to know more about you. You are hatching schemes of soiime sort. What means that light I have seen burning late in the night from your chamber window ? Take care, Miss Barbara, my eye is upon you ! IIullo ! -what's the matter now ?' Mr. Lancelot turned to see what it. was that arrested Barbara's gaze and raised the .tint of her check. "Ills mother stood there. She was pale and placid as usual; but shle did not at tempt to conceal her surprise, or to deny the rquestionings of her looks. Precisely for that reason, perhaps, neither of the two spoke. 'Do I interrupt conversation ?' Nonsenlle, mother ! ]Iarbara was bitten by the dog through my fault ; and I fetched some caustic, and made her let me cauterise the wound.' 'Oh, that was all. And is there lio danger now ?' 'None,' said Mr. Lancelot ; and lie turned in his usual careless style to go away, but was arrested by Barbara's voice. ' Not all, ma'anm !' she quickly said; and Mrs. Wolcombe's interest and an xiety revived. ' Mr. Lancelot has been asking my opinion about what lihe should do with himself.' ' Oh, indeed! has he ?' Mother and son here exchanged looks. 'Yes, ma'am. I donna think I was th' proper person to be asked.' ' Neither do I Ba3lrbara!' 'Dut as lie did ask, I told him my opinion.' 'Yes-and that was ?' 'That he should think it weel over to-day, and go to th' mill or to th' army to-morrow.' Mrs. Wolcombe looked with more than her usual penetration of glance into Barbara's clear frank eyes, and at last seemed so thoroughTy satisfied with what she saw there, that she ex claimed, in all her old gladness and sweet geniality of manner 'Barbara, I thank you, both for my own sake and his. You- are right. lie ought to have done this long ago. I-In is runing to waste. We will see to it at once. Perhaps I have been a little to blame-a little selfish. But that shall be remedied." 'T'here was a slight quiver in the fond mother's voice as she said this. Perhaps Barbara noticed it; or perhaps she felt more than she cared to own (for she war truly proud in her secret nature) the coldness of Mrs. Wolcombe's looks ; and the double meaning of her words; but,, whatever it was, a very big tear now forced its unwelcome way into her eye, and began to roll down her cheek. Mrs. Wolcombe saw, and either understood or guessed what was pass ing, and her heart smote her, but she said nothing, and one minute after wards no one would have guessed, from Barbara's manner, that she was other than the children's mere nurse, in feeling as well as in position, as she went quickly awriy to her ordinary occupations. Two or three hours later, as she was crossing the corridor, she again met Mr. Lancelot full face, and he stood still, evidently determined to speak to her. ' Well, ma'am, be content. You have settled me. Paid me oil' in style. Yes. You've hurried matters with a ven geance. I'm sorry I can't oblige you by going to the army to-morrow, as I think you suggested. One must have a few traps with one. But, be easy in it week-his place will know him no more !' 'Very glad-I mean, sir-' ' No, no, be honest, go on. .Yes, you are very glad-' 'That you mean to mank' a manl o' yoursel, sir.' ' Mak' i-I mean make, though you ilidn't say so--Make a man of me I Pray, what then am 1, before the mak ing begins ? O, well, idy mother will be coming upon us again. Barbaran I'm going to give you a proof there Is 5some good and some sense in me; God knonas how little for till that I I 'want you to look after my mother. She is not strong. She likes you.' 'I owe everything i' tht' world to her!' said Barbara, with ai direct ex pression of her honest feelings that she had not before vouchsafed to Mr. Lancelot. ' Very good;: then I may rely when I am' gone that you won't forget all that, should tiny little tiff occur ; my father may try you a bit some times ; or that little rascal,- Hugh, to whom--Ilcaven forgive me I1-I think I have taught every bit of devilry I ever discovered in the way of mischief-making. But we understand-don't we ?-I shall be siure to find you when I come back- takinlg care of mly mother ?' '0, 1 hope so,' said Bartaraiur. '~oo'd-bve, then !' and he held out iis hand. ' Good-bye ?' asked JBarbara, in as tonishment. I 'Yes, I lon't mean to have any mlore of It. I shall flit in the night, perhaps, ike a bat ; or disappear in the day. ilte ai shallow nool in an exhalation. '0, very well. Good-bye, Mr. Lance lot.' ' Good-bye i' But Mr. Lancelot seem cd unwilling to quit Barbara's hand, hofugh also unwilling to vex IBarbara herself, and lie saw she was getting vexed. ' Yoti wonna come back, I hope, sir, anything less than a general ?' ' Won't I though ? Look for me next Christmas two years, if I don't ap pear before. If I amn not at the table 'vhen the roast, beef conmes up, I forbid you to touch it-till I come. 'Good bye-once more--O, I forgot--the tdogs ! I say, Barbara! what about that blessed pair ? Isidore may, move some body's bowels of conmpassion, if they can stand the first appeal : but '1'imon -poor Timion ! Ah, Barbara, that dog hasn't a friend in the world but me. You couldn't look in upon them now and then, could you ?' 'Yes, sir.' ' And see that they are regularly fed ?' ' Yes, sir.' ' And that they're not taken a mean advantage of in my absence, and poi soned oft' out of the way, on the lpre tence of taking something that dis agreed with them ?' Barbara laughed, as she said-'l'll do my best, sir, to keep 'em in health, sperrits, and beauty till you come back.' ' Thank you, Barbara, that was what I really wanted all this time. Good bye i' And with a loud laugh, Mr. Lancelot passed along the corridor. and left Barbara free to go in the other direction. CHAPTERE VII. A GARRET ROMANCE. When Mr. Lancelot had gone away, a kind of. sadness spread over the whole household. Mr Wolcombe was irritable and reserved; for a dream of his life had disappeared for ever, and lie had not so many dreams that he could easily spare this one.-of his son being his partner in the mill, help ing him while lie was able to work, and taking the management of the property when old age should begin to drise .him more frequently to his quiet fireside. M[rs. WVolcombe's thoughts and feelings lay nearer to her heart. Lancelot was her earthly idol-so far as she permitted. herself to have any such human object of worship. She haid faith in him ; she believed she alone understood h]im, as possessing all the rich but tunmul tuous elements that form eventually the stronger men of the world-its soldiers, statesmen, heroes. Often has she said to her husband, when lie wnas not unreasonably exasperated by some of Lancelot's escapades, "All this is but the scum thrown to the surface, during the seething of the youthful blood. Wait, be patient, bhe kind to him, and all will go well." But she' had hoped to see that point of assured 'safety reached while lihe was yet before her eyes; and she could not, in her secret soul, repress vague feelings of alarm now that he was gone, and that his and their fu ture happiness rested upon the ae curacy of her appreciation. She be came, in truth, very sad ; and though her sweetness of smile and voice, and her invincibly patient gentleness of manner, remained the same, every one about her felt she was changed, and asked uneasily how far the change might go.. Perhaps, if Mrs. 1Wolcombe had been at all selfish-if she had but allowed herself to indulge her sorrow to the shutting out of her duties, she would, like selfish people generally, have found the error carry its own punishment. But it happened differ ently. Trying to look around her with the same thoughtful glance as of old upon those who were in any way her dependents, she noticed that Barbara looked pale and troubled. Mrs. Wolcombe then remembered the thoughts that had passed through her mind when she found Lancelot and Barbara together in the schoolroom ; and she also remembered that Bar bara's face had shown very plainly lhow well those thoughts had been read. Of course, after a mnomnent's re flection she dismissed the idea that Barbara's discomfort was connected with what had then passed. But when she tried to find a more reasonable solution of the problem she was baf fled; and from the sheer desire to rest somewhere, the mother could not help again reverting to that scene in the schoohroom. But she waited and watdhed in her quiet way; and be camie more and more convinced that something was wrong ; that Barbara was unhappy or dissatisfied. Mrs. Wolcombe was not exactly pleased with the discovery; but certainly it had the effect of diverting her thoughts from the subject that so de pressed them. Barbara's character had interested her from the first hour of their acquaintance ; it had been a constant study to her; and now she felt sure there was something going on which she had as desire to be ac quainted wvith, even while she could not repress a certain uneasy fear that her confidence was about to . be shaken. One sultry July evening Barbara sat at the open window of the nursery. It had grown too dark to work; and her hands lay idle in her lap, for she could not light her candle, and shut out the soft twilight. Poppy was sleeping peacefully in the crib. The other children, subdued and wearied by the heat, were walkinug quietly in the giarden with, Mrs. Wolcombe and some neighbouring ladies. An inex pressibly tender gloom lay over the rich summer landscape. On one side of the sky, where the sun had lately set, ran streaks of red fiery light; on the other, a ghost-like crescent moon rose from cold pale-blue clouds. ilarbara gazed : now upwards now on that b1eautiful garden, with its winding light-coloured paths; its graceful trees; its exquisite per fumes-now dying, now coming stronger, as if the tea-roses, from whence they issued, panted for notice in the growing darkness; its white lilies rising tall, and statelily waving with a gentle pride, as if they knew they were the only flowers whose beauty was not hidden by the night, but were rather brought out from all the rest in their glistening purity; its graceful human forms gliding in and out among the trees; while other and darker formls, mlore dimly defined, made themselves suddenly known by the tiny red glow of a cigar. Alto gether, it was like a fairy scene to Barbara ; and might surely have made her value the privilege of being so near. But there was a hungry look in her deep-set eyes; and the lines about the mouth which had begun to lose, were now regaining their former harsh ness. The fairest things seemed to jar upon her. No wonder; the instru ment was out of tune. And so, when in addition to the visions of the dreamy beauty of the garden, there broke upon her ear distant shouts and laughter, and exhilarating music from the village, she rose, lefi, the nursery, and began to wander hbout through the empty rooms and corri dor, till she found herself once more in the old brown-visaged schoolroom. There, at all events. she seemed to find consolation, as she gazed upon tlfe hook-shelves with a kind of reverence almost approaching to awe. Whatever her secret thoughts might be, here at least they found either a solace or a diversion. Mrs. Wolcombe had noticed her sit ting at the window, and her with drawal. Presently she said to Miss Featherstonehaugh, who was stand ing on the lawn, with head thrown back, 'eyes half-closed, beating time to the distant music with a large fan, ' Will yon take a tumrn with me 7' Then slipping her hand into the go verness' arm, she continued : `I can not think what is the matter with Barbara. I don't like to ask her; for on such points she is reserved. I fear, too, she might get the idea I am dis satisfied ; and it is much easier to rouse than to allay such thoughts. I wonder whether she i wants to get home oftener ?' '0, dear no !' said Miss Feather stonehaugh, without a moment's pause. 'I know what it is ! I knew it would be so.' 'Indeed ! pray instruct me.' To be Continued. 