Short Story. The Fortune of Fullwood. A. Comparatively True tiliost glory. Although I bear the common and somewhat plebeian name of John Smith, I can, through my mother's family, reckon kith and kin with half the noble houses of Scotland, and boast that near a score of my ancestors have " kissed the .maiden," or been hanged, drawn, and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on " ex cited politicians." Those of my reader* who are themselves of ancient Huwige may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which 1 found myself last spring, .for the first time as I thou thought, under ray ancestral roof. I lmd been summoned to Full wood House l>y Sir Francis Fleming of that ilk, to whom I stand in the relationship of third cousin once removed. Full wood House, u very romantic old plnce situated on the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quite up to my notion of what the home of such a family as ours should be. It is true that Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, be being a little, withered person, very absent-minded, and a thorough bookworm ; but, on the other haud, his daughter Margaret, his only child, was a worthy representative of the house of Fleming-" a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and mose divinely fair." Need I say that I fell In love with her ? At all events I fancied myself in love. At night I was sitting alone In my room trying to iconvlncc myself that cflnce all Is fair in love and war 1 was entitled to do uiy best to cut out John Johnson, her fiancee, who was then In Johannesburg. What was be after all that be should (become the head of the bouse of Fleming by marrying the heiress ? If he bad a pedigree I had never beard of It; so far as I, or any body else knew, his only claim on the consideration of the Flemings was that Sir John Fleming, the former laird, hud been big guardian. As for me, I was the next heir after Margaret herself, and bad I not then the better right to her ?: My meditations were Interrupted by the entrance of old Tom Danable, the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while i was testing the quality of that article be asked tne whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, beflng Indeed a hardened sceptic in the matter of epoobe. Then I asked him If the house was supposed to be haunted. " Ye would notice yon armour in the library ?" Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The ar mour he referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From its size It must have belonged to a gigantic man. Sir Fronds' bad told me that It was believed to have fieen worn by 8lr David Fleming, the crusader as he was called, at the battle of Bannocfcburn. " It's .his ghalst-auld Sir DauvitV' rejoined Ttom. " Sometimes ye'Jl see his e'en glowerln' at ye oot o' the hdirilt It's ft fearsome slcht. I saw't aince. Z$at tra««e night I'd been up at the \- touu. I bfed toeen iaeln' a glass or twae wj' -the minister's man, but I was deld sdber. That's what we're hauntlt wl' Sir Dauvit's glialst that watches." " Watdies wlrat T I asked. "The goold," replied the old man, dropping his voice to a whisper, " the goold that was laid by at the time o' Prince Charile by auld Sir Robert, uud has ne'er been seen since. But-I mauu gang." 'Whereupon the old nrtra hurried off as it It had suddenlyi struck him tbat he had eald too muc% leaving me a little 'disappointed. "Surely," I said to myself, "surely the old buffer doesn't thiuk I'd ske daddle with the donjon keep and the portcullis for the sake of the ' goold.' I 4are pay J might try to steal the whole blooming establishment for the sake of getting JKsb F., but " ' *'683nt-tehicing gold I" . \- ft was k Talrly apt 'Sentiment, though I must oonfess I aim not a saint, and I turned tosee who,had spoken, when I beheldfa warrior -of^the ancient time <Sad I if tn$ very armour I had seen In the llbrar^. The visor of bis helmet was utf, and 1 could see his face dis tinctly; it was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming^ features. " Dost not fear me V . he queried with a lather grim smile. " I dost not," I answered straight off, and "It was quite true. I have not nerves of steel, (but really I felt quite at ease. "A living dog Is better than a dead Hon," I added. " I QUI a living mag, - and you-you're only a spook. Your'bones are dust, and your soul is with the Mints, I trust-anyway it Should be." ''By my toaNdonie, thou hast a pretty wit," retorted the ghost " XatheleBS, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in your philo sophy." " Apparently there are," I remarked. " It certainly beats me to hear a four teenth century #ho*t quoting Shaks peare." " Shnkspcare, say'st thou?" oxclflimed the ghost. " By'r lady, I could a tale unfold-but cease thy pratlug and fol low me." (My Ironclad visitor stalked oft and I tol}owcd him, wondering the while why the whole house was not alarmed by the (flanking and clattering he made. But we wore not disturbed. IIHvIng reached the ground Door the ghowt turned Into a long. dark corridor, ?which, as I had been told earlier ill the day, led to the north wing. I had not yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became nccus tomed to the gloom, the places wc were traversing seemed to assume a fnuilllar look, and when we emerged from the passage Into a room I felt quite certain that I knew the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a large Gothic window on the east side-that is to say, to the right hand side of the door by which -we entered. The wali was lined with portraits, and I remem ber as. I looked round that 1 said to myseJf-"This is the portrait-room." Meanwhile Hip marched almost round the room. in the left fivm the door, and haltluu :it the r. Indnw lie fore mentioned, to which ho mined his back, and so fafed me as 1 stood In the tn; Wle of the floor. " Hern." he said. " 1r my post till the full moon rises behind Tlnto and «how.s lier race nlio"o the Tree of Doom. Watch tlion for the sign. Farewell." Then he disappeared In the twinkling of an eye. <>f course It was a dream. I did not fake long to grasp that fnct when 1 found myself where old Tom had left tne glilverlng before an expiring lire, fiext qorning, 81v Francis being lu I f'f 0fedt <"><1 unable to Liilk alioui Hi, ' ? '"c'""",ss Which was li..- can*, I or Uiy being there, 1 U:ls .I.Uvdiil. I uiioiii lu<l!y lii want of smix'tiiM'" i.. «|, When Miss 1'll'lir.HK I'.lHIf lo mv r,*:<.»! b.v offering to show in.- 111,.' la,nil, I>!>rl|-:llls. To my sll|',? I'ix,' till,. look to III,- very i,|;"-L. i i,.,,! hl llu dream, ami she ,..,n,.,| it ,iy Ml|1 Vill.; name I inid given a j-i ni\\- (li-c.-iiii-"rii, poi-trait-romi,." ; ls l,l;1,v wi'His (jiili,. I'amiiia,- to : i't-1 uiiirkc(i uI'ilm' roipM. i "yiy." i iiiiiicd, diluting jiiioiii gltOS(. "there symiis |o I,,' Something WUIKlllg.' I you were here before," Mixs Meming slices (cel. ..I don't think I ever was.- I re 1 |il led. j tSI>l> tlUlYcd ilLTOSS til,' I'llDIU III C'!.1 plnee where Hi,. Kii<ts( lia,i mki'ii it,< halted. I II, 1."''""III" now In ilio I lllir.iry , |" sl.iii.l Just here," win. 1 1,;"' '<> relume it on account : ol some nd:oiilou« morics." " iuJt't'd y "Vl>S." Ml,. <-olllil"l<.(l, "it W.IS M.,1 , Hl-'lt tile lll'ltrillrtl "HII,.|- (I,,. .1,1,1 I r.11,1,. .v.,7ii,.(ii|"w a,,,I "((1 a(ij then promenaded i-miiKl Hi,. 'iiv>> of Doom." . ,r,V" Doom!" 1 echoed "what to that / ' >oii can see It from tin. window," said -Mis8 I lr]nji}^r. lS'!e V?'"1'.1' itppatvml.v \erj old, which stood on the i.nvii a-bout twenty yards off. ? nT!''f I1"'"' of my dream mat hsid " (Mitir trii,-" in a maimer. I began to fee] " lim,. nervous, and J was soon to get another ,,'hoek. «'»w going round tlie room tolling mp about the different portrnihs when «lic lialt.'d before one that hung by itii,.)f hi |]j(. noi-tli end of .the went wall-1 lj,* darkvijt fojucr of tuo room. , ,®1,e "In Sir Itnliprt . 1 leiuliiK. live ot 1i!k bt'ollici'ii, .id-iii i ami l'vank, were out wlfli IVIiioc Ujnrtlo, mid tlic M-ny tliat in. . n ? 1,1:1 tu a"<l J"'T18 . la'lltirc of iiic oiiii-i-jn iPc, tiieituing to emwfffzU* llit* smfl' out ui' tfk« I'oiiuli'y a.s a t-oiiti-llititloii towards the ; cxpeuse of another attempt. The tilings j were hid mitll a <'liniit-e should arise of porting fl'em away, but the eliaiicc never cawe, and they remained cou ceaietl." " you ,>R"ove tltnt story ?" I quelled. iaJll« bVuud t0 IJellwe about tlie "I tlu-' We kuow of '. j;*3 l?Jlue Out d:sa|«iieared about I that rtme. tBut/' sbe ^Udcd ivirii « , I wjsIj that was all we had lost. A'ou V<1 . ar^ fie Fortune of I'ull wooa T I replied that I had lienrd of It, nnd meant to ask for a SIrII'I of It befoie I v1« V. a rarao'"' tlwrni, the Foriune of Full wood-a brooch, (he stone ,:f wliioiiMH-as brought liy tair Durltl, cujleil the Cruisader, from fiie u"iy According to the legend, ir auytliiJuK | went wrong wl'Hi the chnmi, If tlie stone I t0, ',e '"o^L'n or lost, the doom or the family was scaled. ! "The Fortune has d-lsawienred," said , Mur^it'et iu tr/iffic tvneH, " Vou know i that meant:-the family i$ doomed. I T there will lie no more FDemlUfc's of Fullwood." | 1 felt lucjlned to laugh, but the girl ajijieared to ije (juite earnest lu her belief. ! 'I,1 thought," she continued, "that roe Fortune was anywhere about the house I would liave the whole bit:irlliis [ taken to i?Jems, stojie by «tone. But.I do not think it in in the hous,: at all. I have stKiri-bed everywliere, and I'm 8ttre J know every nook and cranny of it." j Au Idea xu-nvk me. " Lid you ilud," 1 asked, " ajiy |,iaee where the iilate and Jewels might have been concealed ?" " .No. Why ?" " Because the Fortune might have I been put beside fhern." j " ImiJossiWe !" she exclaimed. "The Fortune-but wait-yes, the Fortune ; disappeared In my uncled time. He ? was a .baeMor, aad for a long time : before he died he was <iueer. I have been told That when he was dylnK he ' S l'V11 ®J" fatller something about | the hidden plate, but could not. What is your Idea '/'. have lild rbe charm hlni ' f.?, !," Pertiajis he foiuul out where tlin plate had heen laid nwav and put the Fortune beside It." Then, with many blushes, and Hi" un easy suspicion that 1 was maklnp an ass of myself, I told Miss Fleming ' ® ^ 1 b'',d ha'} fru'» ".« I glicwt She did not laugh : on the con ; trai-y, sue was quite grave, and I took ! I , 1of Crflce t0 Holm out one or two | sljrulflKiiit tliinjrs in the drealu. \o i I fisid, IVjni Dauailde's story sug g«9ted the dream about the ghost, but there was nothing in his story to ex plain my familiarity with the room, nor to suggest the Idea of what the ghost had said. " It n-tw a revelation," said Margaret decidedly. ' This is tlie time of tlie full inoou. I shall have t'he armour im't bade I into Its former place, and this very night I shall watch along with you for I the sign." j The only definite recollection I have for the remainder of titat day tin to 7 . oclock lu the evening In that I thought I It was very queer to find an up-to-Jato young woman like Margaret Fleming I hItli such a strong streak of supei-stl- I tlon in her compos]Moil. SIv eves have since been ujieued to the fact that smli I abuorniaiiltluM are by no means uncom mon. However, 7 o'cloek found us in tlie portrait-room waiting for the "sign." ? ,'.)%a,"'-l»y t.lie moon appeared from I behind (lie niaissive bulk of Tliuo, and slowly-painfully slowly-mounted tlie ilea veils. Ji plunged lDlv» a liatik of clouds, and « was witliln an ace of say ing something strong when It emer-wl showing dJrwtly over tile Tree of Doom,' nnd tlirowinj* a jlootl of D^ht Juro 1J10 apartment where we were. It«iione in, anil that was all. 1 do believe I ex pected some sort of explosion. I "Look, look!" crrtalined .Margaret, catching my arm nnd pointing into tlie , fni'-a\yny corner. " Yos," she addnii j almost in the same breath, " that must 1 | be the sign." : I what we saw. Wbei) Hie mow) w - Ilii-ently nvel- the elm Iree the moon beams were thrown from the window d'agonaliy ae^ss Hi,, jm,-trait-room iu'o the i oi l!,-1- whi-ve Sir ItuitcrtV p-u-iv/iii hung. Inn 11,,. "r h.-intf up at tlie window was thrown in tin- sanie ii.i-,.,-i "n ]" .in,-!, ,V IV ,s ; emliwe till- portrait. ' j At Mb-.< I'irmiiic's eriininaiid 1 t .-,U ' down the piit-;rah while she i;L'liii.,l mi the room. Then, belure I ,-uiild ioi-;ii any Id.-a of what she wn.s -olnir lo di next, she had taken old Sk' David's Iiattle-Iixe 1111,1 k'l drive ai ;i,.. , in ling which iia,l been enveriM', wli'i' . 1 picture. The axe eraslied i-|Kl,t tlir-.n-h | appeared from tin* outto ho a tcillri b.u.ivss. In liii.- lii«.. 11^-j»i.i*'o wciv j .vo b.-.vrS -i/lli1 <1*10111 «.;!. lo!;jj by Jft. de »p 4)hd wide, and siron^iy hound with Iron; ihe other bearing a Mrotix iNwmbl.uife I * ;i lady'.s uorkbox or a folding de.<k. Margaret h) 111 I lie smaller box v.ii'i 1 her baiile-axe and gave a cry i»f Joy to find 1 ha 1 il coit:a'u>'d the Fortune of Fullwoud. *r)u» nlii.'r box was u-pen cd later on in tIn' pivsetiee of Sir Fran cis. and was found to cuiijjlii .-everal pi»*ces of pin 10. but the value of ihe llud was noih'lnj; like (lie value of what b id been hid-the traditional value, thai ia. Perhaps Sir John Fleming, the brother and pivdece- ssor of 11n* present laird, lia»l drawn on (he treasure at ihe (hue lie entered the .-e.:vi chamber 10 bide there t'iie Foru'ne «d' Fnllwood. As I do not waul in be interviewed b.v psychical researchers I shall now ex plain thi' " ;/ln.*f' to ihe best of my 21!»<111 .v. When I went home 1 told my uiH*]e .Iannis, who is aj>lt of a philo sopher. all about the affair, and he (old nil' that some mom its before the dentil of Sir John Fh'Uji.ijr my father had taken mi1 wifli him when lie paid <1 visit to Fnllwood. (>11 hi* return my father told my u 11 vie ail about the i1011.se, and abu'»u the legend «>f the hidden tren siirc ; he also meurloned ibat I had (been greatly taken up with Ihe tsiiit of ar mour in the .»port rail-room." My uncle bad forgone]) ill J about ihir* iinlJJ I told liini -my story ; but. as he remarked, it was dou'btk'ivs the memory of my visit in early childhood to Fnllwood, and of hearing ar that lime the story of the gh</,st and the Tree of Doom, that had mine baek ts> me to round off the dream KUgjrosted by rfie words of old Tom D.utauio.-" \\\ ecuiy ttx-otswuu. 