Federation. The whole of Australia is waiting for the Rt. Hon. G. H. Reid's policy on the federal question. His position is one which demands statesmanship, and wriggle as he may on some occasions, he must now accept a straight course or suffer the humiliation which is inevitable. The electors have again declared for Federation. Mr Reid leads with a narrow majority, including the Labor Party, but Mr Barton has once more the majority of votes on his side. The Sydney Daily Telegraph has come out with a tabulated statement of the result of the general elections as follows :— Reid Party— Sydney, 28,809 Country, 31,752 60,561 Labor Party— Sydney, 6,970 Country, 14,889 Barton Party— Sydney, 25,764 Country, 59,557 85,321 Independent Party— Sydney, 1,846 Country, 1,946 21,859 3,792 Mr Barton was elected by a good majority of his colony at the election of delegates, and the federal referendum again scored a victory, while the general elections gave the Bartonites a respectable majority over the Reid Party and Labor Party combined— truly Mr Barton has been on the winning side all along and in the King Division the Premier, after throwing plums to the fire brigade and the police force, has a majority less than the strength of these two bodies put together. The Parliament is now a federal body, but Mr Barton should be at their head, which we have no doubt he soon will be, and then, as the f ulletin puts it, Mr Reid's nose must go hard down on Mr Barton's grindtone. t o With a reasonable proposal accepted b y the N.S.W. Assembly, how will it o fare in that abortion of a deliberative body, the nominee Upper House? Bad as it is now it may be worse, for Mr Reid's political cast-offs at the recent elections may be stowed away there by their old leader-in-chief, but if Mr Reid becomes federally clothed in his right mind he will no doubt give them instructions how to vote when he places them in the political ice-chest and may warn them to keep away from anti-federal Want, then all will be well However, should Reid and Barton not agree to a fair and acceptable compromise then the other colonies must go right through the business again and another big bill of costs will be piled up through the treachery of the Want-Reid Party. This is to be deplored, but the great question of Australian union can never be allowed to stand in abeyance. Let a fair basis be arranged, and the ultimate triumph of the cause is assured, the last shred of anti-federal agitation will be as dead as Cajsar's ghost and the federal flag will be unfurled not for five minutes in Sydney by mistake but as long as Australia lasts, to float over a progressive, liberty-loving, and united people. MESSES ESKELL & TATTEESALL, dentists' call attention to their advertisement. HACK RACES AT QOOBN.—It has been arranged to hold "back racee"at Quorn on Thursday, August 25. JUVENILE ENTEHTAINMENT.—On Thurst , , ' August 18, the pupils of St. Josephis n e xt School will entertain the public at the Town Hall-Bee programme. 