THE STORY OF A STAMPEDE. Famous Incident of Cowboy Life. In 1S7G tlm Wilson Brothers, of Knns.-is City, purchased over 15,000 head of cattlo und nrrangtid to cen tralize tho herd near Comancho Springs, in McLcllan County. On tint fourth of July the ontiro herd was under way, headed for To wash, on the Brazos River. It was a inagnilicent army of steers, in superb condition, kept lo gouiar i-y a corps ot twency-nvo cow boys mounted on broncos. At four o'clock in the nfternoon, writes J. B. (ininlill in the Imhpcndcnl, a bluck cloud showed above tlio foothills, and tho sun shining against it painted a rainbow, which appoared to touch tho earth at both ends. Tho entiro herd became nervous, and showed their fear by those low bellowings ominous to tho experienced cattleman as the muttering thunder. AVhen the sun set tho cattle were bedded on tho plains near tlio South Bosque. A detail of four cow boys was made for the first watch, and those mounted sentinels took their places and rode silently around the sleeping squadron of long-horns. The first watch onded at 0 o'clock, nnd the second watch went on duty. At 10 o'clock the ciiltlo appeared to bo sleeping profoundly. Tho cowboys say that cittlo dream nnd see ghosts; it is certain tli.it this drove of 10,000 was nervous, intdo so, perhaps, by the the thunderstorm of the previous after noon and the rainbow which they oyed with suspicion. The stars were nil shining, and there was no cause at all for the arousing of the herd: They appeared to got up all at Once, with a singlo purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a single throat. Tito Wilson Brothers and thoir cowboys, who wore sleeping in their camp, rushed to their ponies,- who .were grazing with the saddles and bridles on, and ns fast as the bits could bo gluccd in their mouths, they mounted and galloped to the flanks of tlio now disappearing mass. Tho cowboys kept out of the way of tho changing lu-tss, nnd galloped on the tUmks, moving toward tlio head o£ tho column, hoping to starb them moving in a circle. As tlie herd rushed on, their horns rattled together, and all the horns of 15,000 head of, cuttle rattling togathet sounded liko an immense concert of catanets. ? Tlio chief of tho Wilson Brothers was siding a creain- uolorod stallion, and he had his Colt's revolver in his hand. One of the cowboys on a gray horse was able to keep up with him. These two distanced all the others. They rodo across the front of the stampede, which is a feat attended with terrific danger ; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if his horse sliould stumhlo and fall, ho may bo put clown as a thing of tho past. The herd will ' wipo him out.' Tlioro was a bunch of about fifty cattlo fully twenty yards in advance, and towards this leading group tho two rescuers rodo. Of Iho lending group, also, some wero faster than others, and this group ran in a diamond shape, with two immense steers leading all. When Mr. Wilson and his com panion reached the two leading steers they began sliooting their revolvers closo to them, and iu that way the bunch was inntle (o oblique, and as tlio leading bunch of cattlo obliqued, the main stampede obliqued, and tho first stop in ' milling' had been taken. By this.timo tho 3.ittlo were getting tired. Uearjlji^ five, miles had boon covered, and tlio. breath /jf Iho loader.-) was coming short and painfully ; but they wero rushing oh, because the front cattlo at this time know as a inaltor ot fact their only safety w.is in keeping up tliorun. , Mr. Wilson had a Moxican along, one of tho best cowboys in tho south west. This Alnxiciin- liad beon to tlm little brandy runlet too often, and his usual excellent judgment wont away. AVheti ho succeeded in getting mounted, tho stampede had gono pust him, -so that when ho ovortook tho rear nnd ho passed to tho front on tho ?? othor side and rode on tho wrong II ink. When lie reached the head of the herd ho was just in time to dofe.it tho manoeuvre then under execution of bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semicircle Revolver in hand, disre garding tho otlier men, ho began shoot ing in the fucn3 of the wild steers ; and the olVecb of this win to straighten tlio run, and bring tho advance straight towards a precipice. This precipice was a wash in tlio prairie, forming a deep ravine fully thirty yards wide ; and in a shorter time than it takos to tell tho lioad of tho column was pouring over, a horrible cascade of hoof, plung ing madly into destruction whilo fleeing from an imaginary danger. Whnn Mr. Wilson and his liou tonauts saw that it was impossible tu save their cattle, they saved themselves by dexterously turning nt right nnglO3 at full speed and riding out of tho way. They next returned to tho ilank, nnd held a council of war. A few seconds decided thorn, find all hnmls commenced sliooting into thn herd, t lie object heiii' now to build a breastwork of carcase.', and save the rear end from the destruc tion that had overtaken tho front. Tlie gully was nearly full by this time. They wnro snorting and bellowing crashing and tearing, and still henping up ; and when tho firing began tho wounded onos tumbled over on the others, and in a short time tlio gully, like the. sunken road at Waterloo, wn* bridged by carcasses. Tlio herd surged up in billows, and bent now becauso it could notdoothnrwiso. Tho semi circlo was formed, and Wilson and Ills men crossed tlio gully below and rodo round tho opposiln and recrossed; and in a short timo thny had the cattlo halted, forming an incomplete letter O, and there thny stood, blowing, bellowing, shivering. All hands remained on watch n'l night, and in Iho morning,' wliori a count was made, it was ascertained that 2,700 head were missing. Thero wero afterwards 2700 pairs of horns taken from the gully. It was called ' Stampede Gully' for many years afterwards. . 