A LEGEND OF TLE W WATTLE IILOSSOY. c _ _c BY EDITH E. BOWDEN. 1 Long ago-so long ago that we have aso written history of the famous deeds - that were done, and only fragments of 14 the soul-stirring songs that were passed from generation to generation, the namnes of their braves and bards being f now only faint memories or altogether s passed into oblivion-there dwelt on tile t banks of the river named after their first e -and greatest chief, the descendants of ti the children of Huon. This tribe, though numerically the g smallest in the country, yet held domi- t nion over a number, of tribes, having indeed absorbed into itself many of the t weaker ones. Chief among these were " the Corinnas, a neighbouring and at Y first friendly tribe. Ithey had, however, e come under the displeasure of the Huons because of their easy and in- ' solent familiarity with the Huon chief. a The hot-headed Huons, quick to 11 avenge any slight, made up their minds t toseverely punish the Corinna. Making t a sudden onslaught in the grey dawn of a summer morning, they fell upon the Corinna, killed some of their men, and carried off many of the women and s children'to their own camp. From this 5 time there was ' ivwar to the knife' be tween thle two tribes, until at last the i Corinna, weakened by continual fights, became an easy prey to the warlike Huons, and were absorbed into the I stronger tribe. So secretive were they that thle neigh- r bouring tribes had not been able at any t time to find out their fighting strength, nor had they dlared to enter their -enc.nampment by any of the secret paths I so jealously guarded by the Hiuon I watclhmen. Lying as it did in a sort of I basin among the hills, andifronting the river, whose banks here were about c forty feet high, their position wss almost impregnable. At the time of wlhich I am writing, ti: I-uans had just gained a most t signal victory over a somewhat powerful I tribe near them, and wvere celebrating I their triumphn in true 'corroborce' fashion. The bones of their bodies were out lined in white clay, their ankles, knees I and wrists being adorned with dried I .gumnle.ves, which rustled as they moved. With the lurid glow of the fire upon them they formed a most ghostly com pany, only, unlike ghosts they were any thing but silent. After circling slowly round the fire for somne minutes, one of their number commenced a weird kind -of chant in a very low voice, in which the others joined; after a time it became louder, the pace of the dance increasing with the tone, the chanting being occasionally interspersed by sudden gruntings, which gave the melody a most peculiar effect. They carried pieces of dry wood in their ha:tds, which they struck together, with a sharp ringing sound. T'i'he women sat on one side of the fire with their opossum-skin rugs stretched tightly across their knees and beating on its drum-like surface kept time with the clacking of the pieces of wood carried by the men. If any dflthe warriors engaged in the dance had been watching closely, he would have saen, crouching in the shade of a huge gum tree, whiclh stood just outside the circle of light thrown by the fire, a small figure, which now and again advanced titmidly towards the light, and then drew back quickly into the friendly shadow, as though fearful of being noticed. Growing bolder as the noise increased, the figure crept further into the light with a peculiar sinuous motion, until lie arrived un noticed just at the edge of the crowd gathered to watch the ceremony. Suddenly one of the women (as though conscious of some presence near her) turning quickly, atnd, catching sight of the strange-looking figure, uttererd a quick, frightened cry hearing which others turned and instantly shrank back, tiil at last, in the full glow of thle fire, was seen one of the strangest beings. The small, misshapen, pain-twisted body was not bigger than that of a child of ten, while the thin, pinched face was only redeenmed front absolute ugliness by the large dark eyes which had that expression of pleading wistful ness common to most duimb animals. On all sides were heard half-friglhtened whispers ol' The spirit child I the spirit child of Corinna !' The warliors, notic ing thle disturbance stopped their sing. ing, casting angry looks at the innocent intruder, who finding himnself thus brought under the public gaze, quickly made his escape into tihe sheltering darkness. The blacks, with the deeprooted superstition peculiar to all ignorant races, thought that the strange-looking child who had lived for so long amongst themt without uttering a sound, must be the abode of some spirit, either one of those who inhabited the rivers and forests of the country, or else that of \-- sonte long-dead ntenmber of the tribe; hence the fear and distrust with which they regarded him. The child, lying close to one of the huts, could only get glimpses of the revelry. After a time tmsost of the braves, being tired out with their exer tions of the night and the previous day's fighting, retired to their luts, or threw themselves on the ground near thle fire. The only exceptions were a few old cronies, who gathered together and gravely discussed the affairs of the tribe. Taking advantage of theirabsorbedness he crept stealthily nearer, and lay a little behind them, listening intently to alltihat was going on. Their next move ments having been duly talked overand decided upon, they began to criticise the evening's performance with its sudden interruption ; from the spirit-child him self the transition was easy to the old forest legends and the wonders worked . by the spi is in the days when the world was young. Tlhis hart of the con \- versation was carried on in low whispers for fear that some evil spirit ntigltt Itear and make use of their words against them, so that the child had to creep a little nearer in order to hear distinctly. Mdost of the tales dealt with the .origin of certait well known birds andanimals which frequented that part of the country ; one, however, told by the old a chief attracted his fancy by its strange- 1 ness and air of mystery. It ran somewhat as follows :-' Long ago, when the world began, the Great Spitit planted a wondertul tree whose leaves were lined with the light that came from the moon, and when the sun rose upor it, the tips of the twigs burst forth into bright yellow balls, which were soft as the sofest down, and gave forth the faint, sweet odour of honey. Who ever was brave enough to climb the tree at night and pluck the topmost blossoms slhould be gifted with the golden gift of song above and beyond that of other mortals.' And the old chiaf told sadly that t though the tree had multiplied and was now widelyscattered through the country yet no one had ever been found brave enough to attempt to gain the gift ; and, sighing heavily, the old man rose and went to his hut to rest. Some minutes after, those who had been left followed Ihis example. 'iThe child crept nearer the fire, and lay there for some ttme, thinking over the story he had just heard until at last grown weary he too fell asleep, and silence lay over the camp. He was awakened at daybreak by I someone rolling over him, and, starting saw the laughing face of little Masu, his friend and companion, the only creature in the camp who ever spoke to or took any notice of him. MLasu appeared to be much amused at his friend's sleepy looks, every now and then rolling over and over him in convulsions of merri ment, and shouting, ' Wake up, wake up, sleepy one.' . The child well remembered hlow one day, when he lay crying from hunger, ie had felt something touch hinn, and, looking up, saw atiny toddler, who, with his fingers trust in his mnouth, st:ared solemnly at him. Presently the fingers came out, and a very wet hand gently patted Ihis cheek; the child smiled, little Mlasu chuckled in his baby fashion. and sitting on the ground, waited for his to make firther advances. When,half an hour after, his motiher canme to look for him, to her intense horror she found him asleep in the arms of the Spirit-child. From that tinme the two had been almost inseparable. Masu soon learnt to fly to his friend, for protection whenever his love of mischief and teasing got himn into trouble with his playfellows; for then no one dared to touch him. During all the day while he played with Mlasu, scraps of the story lie had heard would keep coming into his thoughts. How he wished he could speak as other people did; but despite Sthe greatest effort on his part, no sound ever came from his lips; and as for 1 singing like the birds that he heard in 1 the early morning, that was a happiness altogether beyond his wildest dreams. That night, however, as he lay by the I camp fire, thinking it all over, he stud. denly made up his mind that he would go to the golden tree and gather its blossoms. He knew there was one nsome little distanceup-stream, for he had seen it from the river bank. He would not take Mlasu with him, for he was afraid of the dark and the evil spirits lurking in the shadows, but as he him Sself was a spirit-child they could have Sno power over him to hurt him; per Shaps they might even help him. So, Slying on his back, he quietly watched Sthe stars till the first faint streak of light I Showed in the east. Raising himself softly so as not to Sdisturb any of the sleepers, he crawled I to one of the Ibark huts near and peeped in for a last look at his friend, then t slowly and painfully made his way to r the outside of the camp. Here he re \- sted for a .while to eat some of the I scraps of food he had brought with him, Sand drank a little of the water in a tiny pool near by. Feeling somewhat re ) freshed l.u conmmenced his journey, f keeping as near as possible to the bank 1 of tihe river. His progress was very 1 slow, as he had so often to stop to get lh:s breath, so that it was late in the afternoon bsfore he reached his desti \- .natnon. .Auch exhausted, he lay down I at the foot of the tree and soon fell fast 5 asleep. Meanshiile, as tihe child had not appearedt at either the morning or even. ing meal, and couldi not be found in any of the bushes near, tsasu became much Salarmed and so workcl upon the sympa thies of this men that they promised to organise a search lparty, and would start to look for him as soon as it was light. As they sat in the gathering darkness, talking about hlini, and closely qluestion ing Mlasu as to where he had seen him last, they heard a strone, clear voice, 1 which made them start in sudden terror ; in a minute they hIeard it again, followed by a burst of rippling laughter. t Presently there carne a low, soft sound 1 3like a birdcall, which swelled and swelled in volume till, at last, it hurst forth into a very pean ofgladnecss; after I a few msinutes it softly sank to a shisper, then it rose again ivith greater sweetness I and power, the air all round seeming I to quiver with tlse music. Suddenly, while thtey listened with bated brearts and faces grey with fear, they heard a tiuick, sharp cry of pain-then there was silence. They drewr together round the fire, not daring to go tr sleep, and sat crouching there till daybreak. As soon as it was light enough to see clearly, the men scattered in all direc tions to look for the missing child, while the women began to prepare for the morning tseal. Justas the sun's rays were beginning to push their way through the forest leaves, making the young twigs of the gum trees look all ablaze, there was \- heard the call which had been arranged I as the signal of the child's discovery. : alsu,- who was with the clsiet's party, rushed excitedly in the direction from \- which the call came, quickly followed I by the rest of the party. i There, at the foot of the tree, his hair a pondered with the golden down and Isis hands filled with great bunches of the s sweet-smelling blossom, a gentle smile r hovering round the patient mouth, lay .t tihe still form of the Spirit Child. Iittle a Mlas flung. himself, sobbing, on his r. friend, while the blacks stood round n awe-struck, and whispered to one .s another that * the Great Spirit hid kissed his lips with the golden blossoms anr.d filled his mouth with song." Western Uail. 