CRICKET CHATTER. By FELIX. AT NORTH MFXBOrUXE. In the instructions issued to umpires by the Marylebone club it is stated that " the ground is unlit for play when water stands on the surface, or when it is so wet, muddy, or slippery as to deprive the bowlers of a reasonable foothold, or the fieldsmen of the power of free movement." 80 far as I could judge, these conditions did not prevail on any of onr metropoli tan grounds on Saturday, yet on the M.C.C. and E.M.C.C. grounds there was no play. Indeed, I was informed that as early as half-past 12 it was decided that no play should take place on the M.C.C. ground. The umpires, I under stand, were not consulted. At East Mel bourne I learned that the St. Kilda fel lows were desirous of playing, but the ! umpires thought the wicket unht. Harry Stuckey said that by 4 o'dodk it might be all Tight for a start, but the skipper of the Saints and his two bowlera, Messrs. Bobertson and Marshall, were of opinion that a "reasonable foothoW could be secured at the usual starting tim&v; Sub sequently, at -North Melbourne, / Messrs. Wilson, Stuckey, and Burton arguecn for quite a time over the -afhiftti^ul I'must say that I seaport the B&foman; and Wil , son view that joiir bowlers have, jrtAAon to grumble. .Satuft^iy, afteis jSafaftrof for months they h^ve ^ glpg away^^oilliard table pitches, and'then. .wnen"a wicket is 1 a bit wet, the fiat is ' no play," and the bowler loses his chance of showing what he can do on .a. nlcket thnt may suit him. The sudden surprises that occur on queer wickets have -a charm all their own-for bowlers-and not infrequently in such cases a weak team has a show of making a re spectable fight against stronger opponents. To North Melbourne we adjourned after finding no {Jay at Melbourne or East Mel bourne, and we found Carlton batting on a capital wicket, evenr ball coming along all right and not troubling fhebatsmen in the least. The one manwhoielt a bit dis appointed at the condition of the pitch was 11\. Houston, for, on winning the toss, he fully expected the pitch to be tricky, and acordingly sent Carlton to liat. Later, when everything was going swimmingly for batsmen, Worrall said " Why did vou send us in, Dick?" and Did: replied, " Thought it would play bad." The Carl ton record of 218 for five wickets may be set down as very satisfactory. Worrall headed the list with a capital 56, and, con sidering that it is Iris initial effort for the season,- be has reason to be pleased with the form he showed. He made three or four excellent off strokes, one in particular travelling at a tremendous pace' jto the boun dary. To leg the Carlton.skipper missed gome that he should have punished, but he also made some telling and sound strokes in that quarter. He seemed surprised at be ing clean bowled by Bean, but I fancy he played outside the ball, wfyich swerved in a little, owing to the wind.. .Worrall hit six 4's. lietherington put fine driving power into the majority of bis strokes, ana it was hard luck to be thrown out when well in and .going strong. He made hie 31 while Warne was mfeking_ 2. Warne batted steadily and well for 55, and he did not touch the ball off which he was given out, caughfcat the wickets. ; Just prior to his departure J. Carftort should have caught*and bowled him. Wpe. hit fire 4's. ' Collins shaped in fair form lor. 40 not out, and resumes to-day with Fax, 10 not out. <i-~> -?* ? A. Fox was very well eanghtafcthird man ijrt" S.dm5in^'*l,h vi«|| to n, bourne TowaCouncfl tle^1 ^ In? , in. The centre £ tlle fill c '* 3 grudual »fcs ^ picket fence round the iiUvint ,,!1* 40 the informed that fully SOflOO^j69' I wa» were used, and the^S enough to secure it for nothimr ti rtuna<* age contractors being only tw^Li"; Ser ine chance of carting tie to .»*. works and depositing it on so Jr?m sP®j/ ^s the North ground Affpr ^{?Ceilt a of falling in had "been compl^d A® Work superintendence of the coundk"r the **r. <*. Duncan, the cricket club itl^r« «P<®se of forming- -- |old sa~ ass*? * [experience in.such matters hae hi- C.ned I with admirable effect. The portion*?1!^ extendsi ninety yards by eighty ana tt ^ ! the wicket played really Son dare sav when the top^re^ K^ay'1 ^?.rougily tbe wickets will bf°mes better than they are now. Tl« ^ eost to the club in connection win, flotal improvements is £182/10/, and to {1,1 686 nual report R. Hoiiston^^T and very deservedly praised for tftSf intelligence, and constant attention i' SrMwntXr,ne ,he wk" Thii ». ncanl foTSk Sh, ,"dS: than compensates for those who left iX two years during which no play could tak* place on the cround consequent upon the extensive wo& of filling in for Iff eft elevation of such a large area. Thanks ar* nlUG- fK w i me Cricket Club for placing the Warehousemen's ground at the disposal of North Melbourne for first e even matches, and the Jl.C.C. is "]?o thanked for a donation of £62/10 ' out of the profits of the tour of the M.L\C. Eng lish team. The loss on the transactions o£ is<£i.7earTU?8 £?6' as gainst £280 for 1896-7. This satisfactory decrease is chieflv due to uie fact that the outlay for cricket material was £119 less than'on the nre ceding'year, at the close of which there was a large stock on hand. Last season . the first eleven hatting average was won by Jas. Howlett, with the capital average of 63.5 for nine innings I fancy Jimmy is a bit «n the stout side this season. At least I thought so on Saturday when lie was charing the leather with his sweater on. B. Houston was second with 47 for eight innings, and he is still the same sturdy battler for the North in all departments of the game. As captain, batsman, bowler, wieketkeeper, lie has rendered such signal service that the words have often been heard, "What would the North do without Dick Hous ton/' Jack Carlton was the leading bowler for the dub last season, as lie has been for many seasons. He sent down 1,526 balls, and took 30 wickets, at a cost of 22.4. So far'this season he has not been seen at liia best,, either with, bat or ball, but he will doubtless assert himself by and by,' like the Jack of old. George Stuckey was third <m the batting list, with 41.33, for nine innings, and his vigorous and sound play has already been manifested with tell ing effect even thus early in the current cam paign. Maples tone did not bat up to his true form last season, but he has made a capital start for 1898-9, and " feels full of runs." In bowling in 1897-8 he sent down 936 baQs for 26.14 runs per wicket, and in batting averaged 23.11 for nine innnings. E. Bean was hardly at his best either with bat or bell in 1897-8, but there is everyex cuse for Northern players having been oot of form last season, inasmuch as they had little or no practice, .The brothers Alf. and W. Carlton are fair all-round players, and Saunders, the left-handed bowler, pro mises to render a good account of himself. He has a nice, easy delivery, and looks as if he could last all day. Vv. Ryan was in capacitated last season by a strained knee, but he hopes to be all there this season. The absence of that capital left-handed bowler, L. M'Oelland, was severely felt, and it is hoped that he will speedily get l id of his defective sight, and i>e fit for the field again. Of the six pennant matches played last season, the North won only two a performance much inferior to those of pre vious years, when, time after time, the sturdy' resolution and pluck of the North pulled matches out oft the fire when all hope seemed gone. This sea son, however, the players will have full practice, and, in the words of the rejwrt, it is confidently expected that the club will once again attain itB customary biprn posi tion on the premiership list." I sincerely hope so. , , -n That fine oTd supporter of the club, «. Collie, one of the howlers of the days gone by! is now one of the patrons of the clul), and with him in the list « Captain Theop. Marshall, who thirty vears ago founded the clnb, and ias ntuck to it ever since. Another oldndehtity is G. Moir, the presi dent, who is the club's delegate to the Vic torian Cricket Association, and a right good delegate too, who uses his argumentative ability in support of all that is fair and just and equitable. The vice-presidents are. Councfllora Sf- T. Gleeson, J. H. Gardiner, and 3, MUinery. .^he lion, secretary is Ernest Bean, who is as keen as ever on the game, and carries out bis secretarial duties in the same capable way ! which aforetime won praise from his col I leagues and dnh comrades, as well as from those who, like myself, have sought m ! formation from hiin concerning Jus ciuD and its doing#. : The Rovers of the North are a happ? band, and among them iran old friend and supporter of the North, W. M_£f0R> J1"!? '" to «11 his chums as *Biljy. Other sterling supporters are Messrs. J. Smith, C. man, W. Dunn, T. Clucas, Clack, M'K.neo, P. T. Armstrong, J. S. Oliver, r. «. Rrearlev. Things are in the rough yet up North, but when the embankment ami cycling track shall have been finished oil, and the reserve planted, and odds and ends attended to, it will be allowed that, considering their limited financial re sources; the Notth have a really gwd ground, and have done sound woik cricket jn dietrict." UNIVERSITY V. SOUTH MELBOUBVE. _ It long te)e to tell yensity batsmen went dotvn on a do^!c, wielw ftt S^th iWlKrarne against the ac liveries of Giller and Kenm. Take away Calde?e 20ahd yon have'Wy" a doubto left in the aagregate of 60. Poor fa this total w it loofed at one stage as if the sine record, nntu was run ojj . waB sbrtsi^ and^ hiH bowling Was missed when the rea lito up 81 for ^ g*--~ _nn u. Sutherland j ."]cC(p, Gillcr (no , j pjav wa8 first! (not out) 23- ,- jay ,rae devoid of error, rate and *i fnnnd well. Bob M Leod tSU(Iiei']i'»dfaJf° gjngle, and thecolt Hon .laved on for a ^^]der off Stewart for lour wickets for 24, KcnU' folUKI^rROT V. RICHMOND.. . , ,Kere sent to the wicket, and Richmond vert , 36 up for one started I»T^6rint^t Bob Mitchell and F. 1 vicM- A"eri the t.ni^ without Tarrm't PotJ'°$ie yellow and black-to the delay, and sent tu j ^ Green pavilion for,? " i,jB 32. the one solitary «*??' He played double ,-°iil' ef,1l.onE and telling style, and in his strong^ JIitchell e^tuteA did vi?«\ for 12; Tarrant four for 17. six ,ncM;j n)UCh better than their op \- Fitz'oy did n had 86 up for T'Sle . Ellis :Ht «ve f. in hi. five V <" "f 10 and other doubles were contribut1 ^ 115 (nQt out), Webb H«°I,1:,rq arpe 10 Sholl tooktwo wickets, l0,and p Kelly . one, and Green one. jaife was missed at the wickets when he had scored MATCHES. Tn rpitlv to the Coburg set of 1/4, Mal 1 f'linKt two wickets for 27, of which Sip had mad' 18 (not out). He was , J Saturday, and the rest fell fast Ee li e brothere Paterson Grant was K°llv batsman who; made any stand ? int them, aud his 24 was a craht ^l i.ninilation -J. Paterson took four '-Lu ffi 41 °T. Peterson three for 27. jvbmg ^ their second attempt, lost two .i,.u for 74, to which Wnlle, m ins ^.diar style, contributed 35 (not out), f SU.. 2G aUd Pigdon lO. . Ttriehton have all the worst of it against Essciidon, to whose subrtantud totalof 216 & semi, ere have res >onded with 62 and 100 for seven wickjts. In the first in JjL Moon made 24 and Coote 11, and in ft"Mflond innings the doubles are Moon 04 tiiuifl. 19 (not out), G. Quartennan 16, Todd 10 (not out), and T. Quarterman WPoit Melbourne continued against Wil uplli ] \\*ato^ a.'t.11^f^0^55., ^Jtridk Thompson and Henderson captured the trick-is tor Williamstown, who, in their second inning* put up 29 for two wicket* Henderson (not out) 8, Murray (not out) VICTORIA V. SOUtn AUSTRALIA. I am satisfied with the selection made j bv Messrs. Blackhain, Laver, and Worrall on Monday night, and if all the men chosen can go we shall, 1 think, make a great fight, and perhaps come out on top against the South Australians. The follow-! inc are the names:-W. Bruce, H. Graham,1 J Giller, A. E. Johns, F. Laver, C. ji'Leod, S. M'Micliael, H. Stuckey, H. Trumble, G. L. Wilson, J. Worrall; emer-! gency, 1*. M'Alister; umpire, R. Crockett. The team will leave by the Adelaide ex press 011 Tuesday, 8th November, under the management of Mr. J. T. Lipscomb. - The South Australian selection commit tee. Messrs. A. M. Pettinger* J. Darling, and 1). V. Scryingour, on Tuesday, chose the following to represent South Australia: -Messrs. J. Darling, 33- Jones, G. Giffen, C. Hill, F. Jarvis, J. J. Lyons, H. Chiuner, A. E. Evans, V. Hugo, . J. M'_Kenzie, F._ M. Drew, .1. Reedinan. This is a fine side, and will be sure to make a great fight with aujthing like an equal distribution of luck. NOTES. - The Fitzroy Shandies- are noted for their stubborn play in nn uphill game, but in a recent match their accus tomer valour left them, and they bit the dust in a remarkable way. They were playing at Moonee Ponds, and wanted six runts to get to win, with five wickets to fall. This wab a critical junc ture, calculated to test the nerves of the most stalwart member of the Shandy team. Did they respond to the call made upon them? Alas! they-did not. Even that hero of former Shandy engagements was utterly routed, and F. L. fell, smitten by a Moonee Valley bowler. Last line of all, that ends this strange, eventful cricket match-the five Shandies made one, and that one was a bye, and the tears of the Shandies for their ducks are long ere this absorbed in the dust of that wicket at Moonee Ponds. I have received the following from an ardent lover of the game in Ballarat: 'Tve just read in your notes of to-day, 'Joking apart, were we ever so badly in need of a bowler?' and, apropos of this, it is rumoured that the 'Country Week,' so auspi ciously inaugurated last season, is to be dis continued. There maybegood reasons for this regretful course, but it seems to many well-wishers of Victorian -cricket that the cause must bebasedon solid grounds, seeing that from a cricket standpoint the country players 60 thoroughly, satisfied yourself <ma other recognised judges of the game in Melbourne. It . would ? hardly be expected that the ' ' first- essay of the provincial cricketers' would re v^' a player in'.! any department 01 the grand old game ? who could at once jump into equal favour, by merit, with that enjoyed by our first- rate.- intercolonial players; and I'm sure the gentlemen who promoted what was freely held to be the most useful step the V.C_4. had up to then eV 'ntended that--the movement de manded persevering with-in order to gain tne object aimed at via., the unearthing of tL, !ctorian Howell, ipr , Turner, such as you nave previously pointed out has been result in New- Smith Wales. KfJ'/'!v? 6cen nothing -official to sub and1'?1* rumour" referred to, without J' °5h*?'s» Barely hope it is turn w-ii ?u lon.' and .that soon the fir-, with 1, made known, and carried out l,.,lne, ;on g'-eater satisfaetion to the ardent. Who n^'ri8 ,°J -e"ck*t"in' the metropolis,! thoueaiwii1 f JV JhiKh iarteem W the the en«nt, »r cricJjewo.yinK public in: iteraf » n J" 1 y a8Wn-w allowed to re south t 5 BPP>*ci»t>on fdt north, and weBt' of "the colony .by in Wh ,0^w awape ^f the princdy -war comed l1 Jh? wd field Af ??.'1 ^r^°nreH .by. the. Lord Shef* Mr \ plC rt10? the penBoo of V.C a ' IV.. Q,arKe> ,'ate'pneeident -of the GenUoiuon wi. Hehther/and the many selves Jn^nni-0 B0/*'artol$"iAtetiesfcod th?m-. making tlie stpy.Q^ lists in Melbourne BO enjoyable, and say that, unless I am much mistaken, the un dertaking, -when rightly regarded by many whose Attention during Ia6t summer was diverted from the country week by the overshadowing test matches with England, will he supported in a practical $ense by Melbourne and country enthusiasts alike. With kindest regards and earnest hopes for a prosperous and victorious season for our colony." I hear that Charlie M'Leod will not be able to take the trip to Adelaide, bjit that H. Trumble may be regarded as certain to go. Australian* cricketers who have met Mr. H. H. Hyslop in England will be pleased to hear that he is recovering from his recent very severe illness. He sends kind regards to all old friends. On Cup Day East Melbourne visited Frankston, and defeated the-local team by 12 runs. Vale was the batting hero in the second essay of the East, his score being 70 odd. SYDNEY. In the electorate competition, first-grade, Waverley won by two runs against North Sydney on the first innings. At their second try North Sydney lost four wickets for 143, to which Griffiths contributed 78 and Quist. 33. Charlton took five of Waveriey for 13. Glebe defeated Kedfern by 167, the, scores being-Hedfern, 38; Glebe, 205," of which Dwjer made St, "l'oull 41, and A. Buckle 41 ^not out); Hume took seven of Glebe for 45\. At their second try, Hedfern lost five for 58, Youll taking three wickets for 19. PaddingtonwonagainstLeichhardt by 199 on first innings, the victors scoring 292 in reply to a small set of 93. A. Mackenzie made GO, M. A. Noble 55 (not out), Trumper 37, M'Doweil 47, Kelly 27, and A. llannerman 11. Leichnardt lost three wickets for 60 at their second attempt, Hornidge scoring 34 (not out). M. A. Noble took those,pickets for 21; E. G. Noble paplu^ejif jf£urof~sPaddington for got home by ,t^\against East Sydhey/* Buijwppi, pepr^ng 157, against 92. In jblieir sec$fef| ^pfyupgs Burwbod sent up 211,\ J»to>our making o4, Alcock 50, Don nan Sf^Poldsworth 22, afldlwine 21. Tom Garrctejiriiggd a "pair," Jjtft he captured four of tetaLlMvdhey ior 19. On the Parramalta Oval South Sydney won by 18 against Central Cumberland, who fell for 94 in reply to a set of 112. Pye got 39 and Fitzgerald 30 out of the 94. Howell took four of South Sydney'for 40, and Pye four for 44. At their second attempt South Sydney lost four wicket® for 77, Stroud making 29 and Pite 26. Bowden took five of Central Cumberland for 51. ADELAIDE. The Oval received sufficient rain to make bowlers fed pleased, and therefore all the more credit is due to George Giffen, who went in firat for West Adelaide against Sturt, and scored 58 out of a total of 134. He gave not the ghost of a chance, and batted for two hours in his best style, send > ing the ball grandly along the grara, and ? exercising that wariness and judgment | essential to success on a "queer" pitch, i He and Parkin took the score from 38 to 1105, Parkin making 28, mostly in "boundary" strokes. "Giff" hit eight 4's. > Winnall did his share to make the West | lose all, for he bowled well, taking five wickets for 40. George Giffen had hard luck in turning a ball into his wicket. Sturt lost four wickets for 6, Giffen taking two and Hugo two. Evans and Mairett played sad havoc in the ranks of Port Adelaide, who came to grief on a glue-pot pitch for 57, G. Jones contributing 15 and J. Noel 12. Evans took six for 32, and JIarrett four for 20. The latter bowler has created a favourable im pression. East Torrens, thanks to a vigorous 44 by W. J. Gunn, sent up 76. He hit five 4's, and gave two chances. E. Peters got 13, and Pettinger 12. Jack Lyons fell for 1, and J. Darling was ab sent. Sidoli captured sue of East Torrens for 10 runs. West Torrens compiled 110 against East Adelaide, who lost four wickets for 57, F. Hill making 35 in very free stvie. For West Torrens H. J. Day made 32, R. Evans 21, A. Pellew 21 not out. F. Jarvis Bcored I, " Aph " a duck. Travers captured four wickets for 39, Daly four for 35, Short two for 35. Fred Jarvis took thre^of the four East Adelaide wickets, at a cost of 30 runs. 