HE WAS HAUNTED. Fischer's ghost bas been laid, to the re gret of those who have cherished bim as a winter story for the fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a three-railed fence as a clue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Glebe, Sydoey, who was haunted by a spectre which never left him. It was with ««= O...VA i' the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him and he began to look upon it as a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all hia days and night? were spent in trying to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he could lay it, as they had laid Fischer's ghost. The worst of the matter was that it was invisible to all but himself ; he was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length the means were given to him to free v himself of its hateful presence, and he de scribes bis last tight with it to our repre sentative who waited upon him at 86 Bridge road, Glebe. — ' For the past eight years,' said Mr. Win. Burke, shoemaker, ' 1 have ?udured very much from constipation and piles; no medicine seemed jo do me good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Hoot Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do novgripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of them. I am a better man to-day than I have been for years. It is a grand cure.' Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills cure such cases. They are a positive cure for liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, in digestion, dyspepsia, constipation, foul breath, callow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, and ail skin diseases. Asawoman's best friend they stand alone. Sold by chemists and storekeepers, price Is. 3d. per bottle. Australasian Branch of The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, N.'S. W. Sold wholesale in Queensland by Messrs Elliott Bros., Ltd., Brisbane. Each bottle has the full name blown* thereon, and the wrapper bears the signature of Wm. H. Coffistock. Avoid substitutes, and see that you get the genuine. 