* FEDERAL CONSTITUTION BILL. A FARMERS' MEETING. . Addresses on the Federal Constitution Bill were delivered in tbe "Waurn Ponds Literary find Debating Society's debating room on Thursday evening, 28th inst., by the Hon. J. F. Levien and Dr Carty Salmon. There wns a large and enthusi astic audienco present, which bears testimony to the fact that- people every where am seeking to gain information on the bill. Mr X. Piper, president of the Barrabool shire, presided, and in intro ducing the speakers stated that he had always been au ardent supporter of federation, and he thought it would be a wrong step if tho people of Australia rejected the bill. Mr Levien, in rising to speak, stated that he was doubly pleased to be present, at he was among his own constituents in a portion of his own electorate. He was glad ho had been asked to address thom, as it showed the feeling of interest which the people had in tho great question-a question, the decision of which would either cause our country to advance or retrograde. He assured his bearers that he was working, and would work, with heart and soul to get the bill adopted ; ho could not conscientiously do otherwise. In a detailed account of federation in Australia he showed how the federal feeling had grown upon the poople, coming to tho time when, by the voioe of tbe peoplo, the Federal Convention wns elected to frame a Constitution Bill, which tber had done, ha thought, right well. He considered tbe term " Commonwealth " had been adopted to please New South Wales, and that the delegates had been largely in fluenced by the feeling which they had for the late Sir Henry Parkes, one of the iioi'oea oi federation. Soma peculiar people who opposed tho bill took con siderable exception to the term " Com monwealth." It should, they said, be called the "Dominion of Australia." If these people had the power to change the name they would, no doubt, make as big a mess as his parents made of his (Mr Levien's name) when they changed it from "Australia Felix" to "Jonas Felix." It was, he thought, a great compliment to the bill when its objectors had to cavil at its name for want of something greater. The Commonwealth of Australia differed from the Dominion of Canada. In the last named they gave np everything, but in the Common^ ..wealth the people keep all. He had heard it advanced that the con« stitution was illiberal; that was false. Any reasonable person who read tho bill could not help butsae that it was but an instrument in the hands of the people, and a broader, more liberal, mora elastio Constitution could not possibly have been provided. With the Federal Bill the people would be masters of the situation. In conclusion, he urged the people very strongly to roll up on June 3rd and vote for the bill. He would like to see the people of Barwon electorate vote for the bill to a man. Dr Carty Salmon, in addressing the audience, said he was pleased to be pre sent, more especially since he had learned that the district was a centre of the fruit growing industry, and it had been urged by some that tho people who followed this pursuit were to be most injuriously affected by the Federal Bill if it were passed, and also since he was aware that this district was not very far distant from Mr Higgins' constituency. That gentle man had recently made some false and Yery unfair statements about the bill. The bill was one of paramount import ance to Australia, seeing that it dealt largely with our fature destiny. It was necessary that men who had a thorough grasp of tho bill should go about amoug those who had not' the time to study it and explain it to them fairly, and not put wrong constructions upon different clauses as some had done. He favored the bill for one reason, that it had been evolved by men of no mean talents, by the cream of a country not noted for intellectual dwarfs. If they rejected this bill where wouldthey get a better one ? It had some faults, no doubt, but there was not one tangible reason why it should not be accepted. Most of the difficulties in the bill were purely imaginary, and most of the objections raised by Mr Higgins were of that description, such as centralisation and unequal representation, but it would reflect vory ? much upon Australians if they - were going to have imaginary difficulties thrown in their faces and be blinded "by them. Why one of the evils which tho bill safeguarded .us against was centraliiation. They knew enoagh of tho evil of centralisation not to trifle with it. They could see the word "centralisation " written across the ghosts of ihe departed nations of Greece and Rome and other ancient kingdoms. There was centralisation in the German states to-day. All power was centered in Berlin, and this evil would eventually bringthatnation down. There was centrali sation to some extent in England to-day ; there was the Irish question, the Scottish question; and the "Welsh question. "We did not want this in Australia, and this bill provides against it. "We did not want any New. South Wales or Victorian questions.' "What wo wanted: was the Australian question. Some said a referen dum, would be preferable . to" what is provided .in the bill in the case of dead locks. Take a referendum in the caso of a deadlock when the people are in a state of panic, all experience and " history warned one against taking this step. What would a referendum'have done m France recently? It would have taken the life of that innocent man, M. Zola. What did a referendum do to a divinely innocent man 1800 years ago? After, traversing the whole of Mr ? Higgins' speech, Mr Salmon concluded with an sloquent peroration, in which he called upon nil eleotors to vote for the bill on the.Srd of June, and have a hand in' this great wort, and help to supply tho only instance in the history of the world in which a people, in a time of peace, federated for mutual benefit alone. At the conclusion of ihe speech the r.pplause was loud and continued, and a resolution pledging the meeting to support the bill, on the motion of Mr G. "Williams, seconded by Mr J. Frewin, was carried unanimously. Votes of thanks to the speakers and chairman concluded the meeting. 