A "True" Ghost Story. By Arthur Watts. Ill the days of my youth, now so long past, I lived for a time in the historical and classic town of Heidelberg on the Neckar. It is a picturesque old place, full of students aud life, and possesses quite an ideal University for the youth who wants to combine learning with a jolly good time, with a prepondance of the latter. I11 the little village of Neuenheim, which adjoins Heidelberg, and would be called a suburb in English speaking countries, was a very curious old house with a somewhat monastic appeaTanLe. A tall turret, at the top of which hung a rusty bell, adjoined the building, and this turret, be it understood, was haunted. This house was in my time the property of an eccentric American, who had amassed very large number* of dollars in Chicago, and had retired, like so many of his countrymen, to the old world to end his days in an atmosphere which could not, by the remotest chance, remind him of the price of pigs, bacon, nnd saus- ages. Cornelius D. lloke was, I must confess, an exceedingly uninteresting old bore. But Boke had a daughter. Now the daughter was as far removed from sordid trade as any American girl •who has ever married an English coronet . She was a small, slim, little girl, with 11 charming face, and about as mischievous a soul as could be found under stays. Cornelius, I think really bought the monastic house because of its ghostly reputation. There is something aristocratic about a ghost, and Cornelius paid a very big price for his specimen, a price that made the fortune of two agents, aud made the former proprietor of the place turn up his eyes and mutter " Mein (jott! But these Americans are mad !" As for the daughter, she got plenty of fun in Heidelberg. Dancing, skating, and flirting with the youths of noble German families, who did nothing else at all except light with each other 011 the smallest pretext, was all right for Luciana. As for the gloomy home, she liked it. She didn't believe in the ghost, and one day, when I pretended to be astonished that 'lie could sleep peacefully in a haunted house, she replied by one word, which might have meant either of two things—" Rats !" But the conversation, which took place at a pleasant little afternoon tea party, led on to my first acquaintance with f ghost. I suggested to Luciana that I ought to investigate the ghost. 1 submitted to her imagination that I was a budding journalist and also a inniilwr of the physiological society, the members of which occupy their time by investigating ghostly phenomena. 1 asked her if she didn't think that Mr. Cornelius D. Boke would be highly flattered if 1 were to publish in the Heidelberger Tngebhiii an account of an interview with Mr. Boke's ghost. Luciana was overawed with the idea and promised to work it for me. I only made one stipulation, and that was while 1 was willing to put in a whole night in the haunted chamber under the rusty bell, 1 should be provided with a companion—and knowing Luciana's weakness, I mentioned Count Felsdorf—and a fair supply of lager beer. Luciana was going to do the ghost. On the appointed evening Felsdorf and strolled out to the Boke establishment and were received by the American with stately politeness, and duly installed in the little round turretchamber. Boke, probably because of a Y'ankee dislike to foreigners, didn't like Feldsorf at all. It was only because Luciatia succeeded so completely in throwing dust into the old gentleman's eyer that she could persuade him to allow Count Felsdorf inside the doors of his home. But Felsdorf was an aristocrat, and the American loves to know an aristocrat, even though he does not fancy liini as a sou-in-law. Felsdorf was a very pleasant fellow. He talked English with a hopeless accent, but he had a great respect lor Anglo- Saxon ideas, aud a positive infatuation for Luciana. He was a tall well-buili fellow, with a little waxed moustache and big blue eyes. And although he had never been known to flinch before a sword in the students' duels, he did not like ghosts. That was the joke. He did not like gliosis, aud he didn't know Luciana's part iu the play, and he took it all seriously. We sal together anil drank lager and smoked for about a hour and a half. Felsdorf hole up wonderfully under tlie trial. At twelve o'clock 1 manipulated a thread, which I had previously fixed up. aud the rusty bell cliimeu the 12 hours very faintly. That was part of the ghost legend. As the bell chimed, I watched poor Felsdorf, who was looking very uncomfortably into a big jug of beer which he held iu a rather trembling band. He did not say anything. He looked like a man who had undertaken a dangerous ordeal and was bound to go through it at any and every cost. However, according to the legend, I had to put out tbe lamp, because the ghost wasn't supposed to feel comfortable in the light. I did my duty. When Luciana did appear in that room I was surprised at the genius displayed in her get up. She wore a long nun's black dress and a black hood, and the white- painted face under the hood was aa little like Luciana's face as shalk is like cheese. She came in very slowly, with a curious old fashioned lamp in her hand. Felsdorf sat perfectly still and groaned. Luciana walked all round the room, and then I slipped out and locked the door. A few seconds later I was in the study of Cornelius D. Boke. •'Sir," I said, pretending the greatest concern, "the ghost is there—in the chamber, and I nave locked it in." Cornelius sprang to his feet and followed me. But then I pretended to have lost the key, and it took me just twenty minutes to find it. When we entered the room we found the lamp re-lighted and the ghost, minus hood was kneeling on the floor, nursing Felsdorf's head. For Felsdorf, the valiant, was in a dead faint. When tbe joke wes explained to Boke, he took it quite seriously. He assumed the air of a stern parent, and explained to Luciana. who looked touchingly sweet and penitent—she had washed off the paint—that she was hopelessly compromised by being locked up for tweuty minutes with the Count. The next morning I received a note from Felsdorf. It was brought up to my rooms by a military person, who waited in en attitude of sublime stiffness, and when 1 suggested that he should sit, He replied with a bow that left nothing to be desired, hut he remained standing. This was the njtc :— " Admirable Sir,—While reverencing the genius of your plot, I feel that ray honour is hopelessly sullied and that I have betrayed cowardice in the presence of the woman I adore. I regret the termination of our friendship. But 1 have consulted with Lieutenant Frederick, and he assures me that. I am bound to meet you. Trusting that you may arrange a meeting at once,—Yours to obey, Felsoobf." I read this epistle carefully and glanced at the Lieutenant. •' Count Felsdorf wishes to fight," I said, " and how ?" " That, my dear sir " replied the Lieutenant, " is for you to decide !" " Then give my compliments to the Count," I said, rising from the chair, "and tell him that I shall be charmed to meet him to-morrow morning at the usual place—say at 8 o'clock. Rifles at tweuty paces!" Tbe Lieutenant looked amazed. " 1 will convey your kind message," he said, " but your proposal is unusual." " So be it," said I, " I like to be original or nothing." Of course, the due] never came oil'. Rifles were contrary to all precedent, and as I was a foreigner, they couldu't make me conform to their rules. Moreover. Felsdorf didn't really want a row. Eventually we made it up over a bottle of sparkling hock, and a few weeks later I had the pleasure of acting as best man to Felsdorf, when he was married to the charming Luciana. Tlie countess looked so desirable as she was driven away from the church that I almost regretted tha ghost episode, without which Felsdorf might never have got her. 