PHOTOGRAPHING THE INVISIBLE. 'We arc still mystery-loving enough to be roused to a state of interest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when it comes to us under scientific authority (re marks the Satvrday Review). A curiosity of this nature was awakened by Dr. Russell's 4 ' Experimentson the action of metals and other substances on a photographic plate,' as the ! dry title has it ; and this curiosity has received ' an additional stimulus from the further j researches which he expounded to die : Royal Society in the Bakcrtan lecture in I March. The title of the lecture mi^ht almost j have been ' the' catching of invisible vapors, i and the manufacture and photography of ghosts.' For although this advanced photo graphy ia quite a piece of latter- day science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapors given otf from newspapers, metals, pill-boxes, wood, and a thousand diverse substances, an air of medi.cval romance wiif ted from the days of Albertus Magnus. It is probably within tho recollection of most of us that Dr. Russell discovered that an enor- ' mous variety of substances were capable of ,' giving a permanent record of their surfaces ' on a photographic plato when they were placed in contact with it aud left for some time in the dark. But there was no definite explanation of tho cause of this. Why should a piece of wood a hundred years old, or a newspaper cutting, or a polished sheet of zinc photograph itself m this way ? The reply is at last forthcoming — each of these ' substances gives off its own particular vapor, I presumably in the form of a gas, and this | vapor can act upon tho silver salts in the sensitivo plate in precisely the same manner as light itself. The manufacture of ghosts lends additional proof to the vapor theory. A sheet of polished zinc is cut into some shape, say that of a ghost (traditional form), and is placed in I contact with a piece of white cardboard for some time ; the zinc is then removed, and the I cardboard tied up with a photographic plate. When the plate comes to be developed there appears n black ghost on a white background. Whilst the zinc and cardboard were together the zinc v:ipor has been entering the pores of | the card, so that to sill appearance as blank as | before there is, in reality, a ghost depicted in it in zinc vapor, and this ghost can be made visible only by the photographic means described above. It is too early to arrive at any final conclu sion about these things, but we shall almost certainly have to revolutionise our ideas about vapors in general. We aro not at all used to think of nickel, zinc, and aluminium as each giving off the vapor of its particular metal at ordinary temperatures ; still loss can wo at present realise the calm manner in which these emissions stalk through sheets of gela tine and celluloid as though there were nothing there. But the facts remain and constitute one of the most curious and in teresting developments of science that has occurred for a long time. The growth of London is astounding. The latest returns indicate that during every month of the year, alike in summer and in win tor. over 1.200 houses are erp.ntnH. 