SHORT STORIES. THE WOMAN WITH THE HOOD. By L. T. Meade, Author of "The Medicine Lady," "Stories from the Diary of a Doctor," "Dr. Rumsey's Patient," etc., etc. It was late in the October of a cer tain year when I was asked to be come locum tenens to a country prac titioner in one of the Midland counties. He was .taken ill and obliged to leave home hastily. I therefore entered on my duties without having any indica tion of the sort of patients whom I was to visit. I was a young man at the time, and a great enthusiast with regard to the medical profession. I believed in personal influence and the magnetism of a strong personality as being all-conducive to the furtherance of the curative art. I had no experi ence, however, ,to guide me with re gard to country patients, my work hitherto having been amongst the large population of a manufacturing town. On the very night of my ar rival my first experience as a country doctor began. I had just got into bed, and was dosing' off into a sound sleep, when the night bell which hung in my room rang pretty sharply. I jumped up and went to the tube, call ing down to ask what was the mat te'. "Are you the. new doctor " asked the voice. "Yes, my name is Bruce; who wants me?" "Mrs. Frayling, of Garth Hall. The young lady is very bad. I have got a trap here; how so.on can you be ready ?" "In a couple of minutes," I answered. I hastily got into my clothes, and in less than five minutes had mounted beside a rough-looking man,into a high gig.. He touched his horse, who boun ded off at great speed, and I found myself rattling through the country in the dead of night. "How far off is the Hall?" I asked. "A matter of two miles," was the re ply. "Do you know anything of the na ture of the young lady's illness?" "Yes, I do; it is the old thing." "Can you not enlighten me?" I asked, seeing that the man had shut up his lips and employed himself flick ing his horse with the end of his long whip. The beast flew on faster and faster; the man turned and fixed his eyes full upon me in the moonlight. "They'll tell you when you get there," he said. "All I can say is that you will do no good-no one can the-matter ain't in our province. We are turning into the avenue now; you will soon know for yourself." We dashed down a long avenue, and drew up in a. couple of moments at a door sheltered by a big porch. I saw a tall lady in evening dress stand ing in -the brightly lighted hall within. "Have you brought the doctor, Thompson?" I heard her say to the man who, had driven me. "Yes, ma'am," was the reply. "The new. doctor- Doctor Bruce." "Oh: then Dr. Mackenzie has really left?" "He left this morning, ma'am. I told you so." I heard her utter a slight sigh of disappointment. "Come this way, Dr. Bruce," she said. "I am sorry to have troubled you." She led me as she spoke across the hall and into a drawing room of lofty dimensions, beautifully furnished in modern style. It was now between one and two in the morning, but the whole house was lit up as if the night were several hours younger. Mrs. Fray ling wore a black evening dress, low to the neck and with demi sleeves. She had dark eyes and a beautiful kindly face. It looked haggard now, and alarmed. "The fact is," she said, "I have sent for you on a most extraordinary mis sion. I do not know that I should have troubled a strange doctor, but I hoped that Dr. Mackenzie had not yet left." "He left this morning," I said. "He was very ill; a case of nervous break down. He could not even wait to give me instructions with regard to my patients." "Ah, yes,". she said, averting her eyes from mine as she spoke. ."Our doctor used to be as hale a.man as could be found in the country round. Nervous breakdown; I think I under stand. I hope, Dr. Bruce, that you are not troubled by nerves." "Certainly not," I answered. "As far as I am concerned they don't exist. Now what can I do for you, Mrs. Fray ling?" "I want you to see my daughter. I want you to try to quiet her terrors. Dr. Mackenzie used to be able to do so, but of late---" "Her terrors!" I said. "I must ask you to explain further." "I. am going to do so. My daughter, Lucy (she is my only child), is sorely troubled by the appearance of an ap parition." I could scarcely forbear fromr smil ing.' "Youu daughter wants change,". I said; '"'change of scene and air." "That is the queer thing," said Mrs. Frayling; "she will not take change. Nothing will induce her to leave Garth Hall; and yet living here is slowly but su.ely bringing her ei'ther to her grave or to a worse fate-a lunatic asylum. She. went to bed to-night as usual, but an hour afterwards I was awakened by her screams. I ran to her room, and found her sitting up in bed, tremb ling violently. Her eyes were fixed on a certa;in part of the room; they were wide open, and had a look of the most horrified agony in them which I have ever seen in the human face. She did not see me when I went into the room, but when I touched her hand she clasped it tightly. "'Tell her to' go away mother,' she said; 'she won't stir for me: I cannot sDeak to her, I have not courage, and she is waiting for me to speak; tell her to go" away, mother-tell her to cease to trouble me-tell her to go.' "'I could see nothing, Dr. Bruce, but she continued to stare just towards the foot of the bed, and described the terrible ithing which was troubling her. "'Can't you see her yourself?' she said. 'She is a dead woman, and she comes here night after night-see her yellow cface; ohl, mother, tell her to go -tell her to go!' "'I did what I could for my poor child, but no words of mine could soothe or reassure her. . The room was.. bright with firelight, and. there were several candles burning-I could not. see a soul. At last the poor girl fainted off with terror. I then sent a mes senger for Dr. Mackenzie. She lies now moaning in her bed, our old nurse is sitting with her. She is terribly weak, and drops of agony are stand- - ing on her forehead. She cannot long - continue this awful strain." "It must be a case of delusion," I said. "You say you saw nothing in-the room?" "Nothing; but it is only right to tell you that this house is haunted." I smiled, and fidgetted in my chair. "Ah! I know," said Mrs. Frayling, "that you naturally do not believe in ghosts and apparitions,but perhaps you. would change your mind if you lived long at Garth Hall. I have lived here for the last twelve years, and can cer -tainly testify to the fact of having heard most unaccountable sounds, but I have never seen anything.- My daughter Lit?y has been educated abroad, and did not dome to Garth Hall to live until three months ago; it was soon after this that the appari tion began to appear to her. Now It is her nightly torment, and it is simply killing her, and yet she refuses to go. Every day she says to me, 'I know, mother, that this awful spirit is in fearful trouble, and perhaps to- night I may have the courage to speak to' it,' but night after night much the same thing takes place; the poor child endures the agony until she faints' right off, and each day her nerves are weaker and her whole strength more completely shattered." "Well, I will go up now and see the patient," I said. "It is of course nothing whatever but a case of strong: delusion, and against her will, Mrs. Frayling, it is your duty to remove your daughter from this house immedi ately." "You will tell a different story after you have seen her," said the mother. She rose as she spoke, and conducted me up some shallow, bright-looking" stairs. She then led me into a large bedroom on the first landing. The fire burned brightly in the grate, and four, or five candles stood about in different directions. Their light fell full upon the form of a very young and extremely' beautiful girl. Her face was as white as the pillow on which it rested; her eyes were shut,. and the d-ark fringe of her long eye- lashes rested on her cheeks; her hair was tossed over the pillow; her hands,. thin to emaciation, 'lay outside the, coverlet; now and then her fingers. worked convulsively. (To be continued.) 