OUR LONDON LETTER y . From our own Correspondent. London, September ft. Angm-Egyptun Tniuicii. " The fanatio freak of Mahdism has beoa crushed, the Khalifa is flooing ignominiously ' frora tlio -wrath that lias come, and tho British and Egyptian flags float proudly over Khartoum. Thus tho murder ot hcroio Gordon and his hrave companions has been avenged at last, and the military part of tho re-conquest of tlio Soudan been accom plished. Tho victory was deoisive, und only tho capture of tho Khalifa is wanted to make it complete. His vast army, led by himself to battle in proud array and confidont'of triumph, was ruthlessly scattered in a few hours, despite the splendid valour which it is admitted by all it displayed. The moral effect of tlio battle, by its fulfilment of Gordon's warning, and by the awful slaughter of the "faithful," will bo very great throughout the Soudan, und will facilitate the work that romuins yot to bo done. The occupation of Khartoum, too, will relievo tho British peoplo both at home and abroad of a groat anxiety, and at the same time exert a wholesomo influence in other than Arab charters, whore a little more clearness of apprehension and a little less offonsivo self- assertion are desirable. Forces op Cnm.isi.TioN. ' I noticothat some people accoifntfor the vio- ' tory iu a very remarkable way. They ascribo the total overthrow and great destruction of tho dervishes to the direct intervention of Providence in order io signally uvengo the death of Gordon. There seems to me to be something not only very fanatical and un- healthy, but even blasphemous about this kind of talk. Tho terrible slaughter of the Dor- vishes was tho result of the superior weapons, \- discipline, and generalship of their opponents. Tlio fanatics came on, upon open ground, in a denso mass, and they were simply mown down by tho artillery, tho Maxim guns, and the magazine rifles of tho British soldiers, before tlicy themselves could get within striking distance. Yet, with heroic courage they struggled on to within 200 or 300 yards of tho British troops, but neuror than that few of them ever came. Between them and " the forces of civilisation" there was a spaco over which nothing living could pass. The modem weapons, in trained and disciplined hands, were irresistiblo ; tlioy literally tore the poor creatures to pieces with the storm of bullets. In the open, tho Durvishes had not the ghost of a chance, and in quitting his fortifications tho Khalifa made a fatal mis take. These are the reasons why tho British and Egyptian losses were comparatively so slight. The charge of the 21st Lancers , showed what terrifilo dumage tho Dervishes > might have inflicted if they had beou able to :. get at close quarters. Tlio Egyptian and ; Boudunese were not armed with the repeating : rifle, and that explains why tho Dervishes got nearer to them than to tho English troops ; but even tbe Martini, in cool and sure bands, could stop the frightful rushes of the devoted Mahdists. Tho slaughter unquestionably . was horrible, and one eunnot help a feeling of : regret for the poor misguided Arabs, hut the | punishment was necessary ill order to crush : effectually one of the vilest and most blight- ' ing oppressions that ever uflliotcd a helpless I people. : Is Britain's Woke Finished? ! The political part of the undertaking will ; become most prominent and impor- I Oant, and it will demand no loss tact, j foresight, and firmness than tho military 1 .operations ha v.o done. Difficulties that have been dormant for a time will again be aroused into activity, perhaps will bo asserted I with increased force. Some of tho continental j papers — French especially — are iu a great | hurry to anticipate events. They talk as if, j with the occupation of Khartoum, our work in. Egypt was all but finished, and have already begun to speculate on our imminent evacuation of tlio country. AVhy, not the least arduous und delicate part of tbe work involved in the re-conquest of tlio Soudan — to speak of nothing else — has yet to bo done in the organisation and administration of the provinces, and in reviving their industrial prosperity. How far England may have to push forward south towards Uganda, or towards Kassala on the south-east of Khar toum, will depend wholly on eircumstanoos, but we may at least make sure that she will not stop now until she has seourcd fall oon- trol of the Nilo and of its sources in Central Afrioa. A British line of communication from Cairo to the Capo is not aohimera, after' all. Czar's .Peace Proposals. Further consideration of the Czar's dis armament proposal brings out more olearly the difficulties that will have to be encoun tered in trying to carry it into effect. Regarding the matter from a porsonal point of view, all tlio nations honour tbe Emperor for hie courage, his sincerity, and his good ness of purpose, and they are equally unanimous in admitting that if that purpose could be achieved it would bo a blessing to mankind. But tbo Governments of the nations havo to look at the question from nnotber standpoint also. They have to separata the personal and sentimental from tho political and practical. Sovereigns, we know, have great power, but they aro not able— not even tbe autoorat of all tlie Russias — to ohango the settled policy of nationB in a day. Experience constrains us to compare tbe aspirations of tlio circular with the policy and apparent aims of official Russia, and to ask how far the one is consistent' with "the othor. In tbo far east for instance. It is not possible to carry on an aggressive policy and inspire foreign trust in your peaceful pretensions at tbe same time. Russia's Attitude in the East. The recent action of Russia in China has affected other nations besides Great Britain, but look at her attitude towards ourselves alone in the far east, and the openly expressed views of her official and military men with regard to India, and can it fairly be said that all this is consistent with the spirit of tho manifesto? It is shown, moreover, to he vitally to tbe interest of Russia at tliei present time "to rest and retrench ; in fact, that whether other nations do so or not, she will be compelled to adopt that course to avoid a serious financial crisis. For tbo present, however, the various Governments have pro ceeded no further than to formally acknow ledge the receipt of the oircnlar, and to ox- press in general terms their approval of its objeot. No step for convening a conference can he taken for somo time yet. The Powers have first to carefully exehungo views on the subject, and wo can form some idea of what that means in diplomatic routine. Russia Must Tare the Lead..- One thing on wliioh publio opinion generally is agreed, judging from articles in the homo and foreign Press, is that if any practical result is really to come of tho Emperor's message, Russia will have to take the lead in the work of disarmament. There are many delicate and intricate points that will have to be internationally considered in order that in any scliemo of general disarmament — if the proposal should ever lead so far— one nation may not bo placed at a disadvantage as com pared with anothor. For instance, hero is one illustration. It has been significantly pointed out that Russia might disarm, aud yot by pushing forward the system of strategic railways upon wliioh she lias entered, and which she could plausibly represent as a peaceful work in her internal development, might thus greatly strengthen her military position in regard to certain other nations. Still, the tone adopted throughout Europe warrants the hope that iu due time a serious effort will be mnde to bring about a con ference, and with that hope we must remain satisfied for a time. Cretan Question Again. That vexed old Cretan question is to the front again. Gravo ovents have occurred tills week, and we shall have that fuuny and eccentric body or institution, known as ".The Concert of Em-ope," fussing about oncomore. Over and over again it has boon urged on the Powers, most persistently by the British Press, that us long as this question remains unsettled a great danger to peace is kept smouldering, which might at any moment burstintoaconflagration. But the warning bas been disregarded. The "Coucort" has allowed things to slide and the natural result has followed. Never was a strangor combination devised by " the wit of man " to aooomplieb a given purposo than the "concert of Europo " to settle tho Cretan question, and never was there ono whioh made itself more contemptible by failure. Neither argument, warning, nor ridicule has been able to spur it into serious, aotion. Tho ovils whioh the Powers intorrcnod to prevent, whioh caused tho war between Greece and Turkey, and which continue so bitterly to oppress Chris tians and Maliomotons aliko, have been allowed to go on in tbe vory presence of their representatives, the 11 concert." Daring the past month or two things have seemed to be going on more quietly,, but "tho faet is that public attention has been diverted from Crete to other mattors. Tlie danger has not been a whit less aetive. OUTBREAX AT CANDIA. Consequently, tbe news of tho Mahometan outbreak at Cundia two days ago hurst upon Europe liko a bomb, and brought home to the various Governments a storn romindor of the peril they hod boon nursing with snoh foolish apathy. Unfortunately tho immediate effcote of the revolt fell upon: our bravo soldiers and snilors, no fowor than 20 bring killed and 60 or 70 wounded in tlie first onset. It is im- posBiblo not to sympathise, in this instance at any rate, with tho Mahometans, as well as with the Christiana. Their sufferings have beoa cruelly intensified by the continued stato of unsettlement in the island, until a condition of things was brought about in Cundia that was no louger bearable.', These poor people, remember, havo been driven into tho -towns for safety and sholter. The bulk of tliem are tillers of the soil, and cannot do anything else for a living. They - havo lost all they possessed in their villages, and consequently have had to endnro extreme privation. Talk of protecting the Xicoplo ana maintaining order, the supinoncss of the "concert" has been a scandal to the world, and a disgrace to civilisation. Better by far the Powers had left the poor people to fight out their deliverance for themsolves. Tiie Immediate cause of tho outbreak was the levying of a now tax. Tho latest nows is still mora serious. Eight hundred Christians in Candia luid been massacred, and tho town sot on fire and looted by tho Bashi-Bazouks, who are mainly responsible for the horrors. Tho conduct of tho Turkish troops, it is stated, was very had. Tho Christians in the rest of the island are arming, aud the Cretan Execu tive Committee have officially informed the admirals that in view of the massacres . thoy cannot ho responsible for tho administration unless tho Ottoman officials and troops aro withdrawn. The admirals have decided to demand the disarming of the Bashi-Bazouks, aud the surrender of tho ringleaders by the Turkish authorities. There is no telling to what trouble and complications this revolt will lead. Tho Turkish soldiers fired oi) tho British, and the fighting was heavy. British, French, and Italian troops wero landed, and reinforcements started from Malta in a few hours after the outbreak. All the consu lates wero wrecked. Worse developments are feared, and the immediate 'future is regarded with much _ anxiety. It is significant that only a fortnight ago Austria-Hungary with drew from tbe " concert " to mark her sense of disapproval at tho great delay in settling tbe wbolq question. Dreyfus Scandal. The Dreyfus affair has advanced another stage towards revision. M. Cavaignuo, bring unable to approve of the revision of the prisoner's case, oven in presence of the recent disclosures, has resigned his office rather than bo associated with tlio Government in con ceding it. General Zurlindeu. the Military Governor of Paris, has taken his place. Ail parties, however, have come to admit that revision only will put a stop to the agitation, and tlio heads of tho army now desire to hasten it. At the same time there is a mani fest dread in certain quarters of the conse quences of a full and open investigation. It is declared by officials that the disclosures will be certain to lead to war. For my own part I behove that fear to he very muoh exaggerated, if not groundless ; hut what ever tho oonseguences thoy cannot be helped now. The responsibility for that must rest. upon' those who permitted so informal and illegal a conviotion of Dreyfus as to cauBe the demand for another trial. All sorts of rumours are rifo in Paris, and publio feeling aboat tho mutter is iu a very nervous and unsettled state. Ono rumour says thoro is a letter from the Gorman Emperor among tho incriminating documents, and other letters showing that the German Embassy had grossly violated the obligations of international good faith. Both statements aro very improbable, but thousands of people believe them to be true, and if only to clear away these dan gerous suspioions an open revision of the case is desirable. Whether or not, liberty, law, and justico demand it, and that fact should bo enough for bravo and enlightened France. Suicide of Colonel Henry. Very unsatisfactory comments are made also on the suioido of Colonel Henry. It has been publicly implied tbat ho waB urged to take bis own lifo, and that opportunity waa givon him to do so. Why? The answer is obvious, of courso. Anyhow, thoro aro cir cumstances connected with his arrest that need some explanation. It is usual when an officer is placed under confinement to doprive him of everything thRt ho might use for self- destruction, and to place a guard in the coll with him. When Colonol Picquart was arrested this was done, and oven his boot laces were taken from him. Bat Colonel Henry was allowed to take liis .razor into tho prison with him. ho was left unguarded, and was permitted to he alone with locked door ! Moreover, it is affirmed tbat a certain staff officer paid him a mysterious visit early on the morning of his suicide. The unfortunate prisoner was then in a terrible state of mind to think ho had done wrong . for, strongo to say, he hod the notion that the forging of the letter was a meritorious aot to put un end to tho agitation ! How easy to convince a sensitive man under snoh circumstances that, for his own sage, tho best thing before him was suicide ! Why P I ask again. We are told that tho ' forged letter must have beeni the work of a clever penman, whereas Colonel Henry cer tainly was not that. lib was, comparatively speaking, an uneducated man. Then he must havo got someone to do the work for him. Who was that person P Again , did he act on hiB own initiation, or in collusion with others and superior officers ? Could ha have made further disclosures? These questions are being asked. But dead men cannot Bpeak. All this, however, only shows the more how absolutely necessary a full and opon publio trial has become. ' Cafe Elections. The Cape elections have gono in favour of the Bond and against Mr. Rhodes and the Progressives, and as ono result of .it you may shortly begin to look for increased trouble with the Transvaal. President Kruger is sure to regard the result as a public sanction and approval of "Krugerism," and he will push his repressive and exclusive policy further than over. Indeed, it would scorn that he has already begun, for it is reported that ho has again threatened to close one of tho Rand drifts, tlio direct effect of whioh wonld be to saorifice muoh capital, throw many people out of employment, and discour- ago enterprise. In 1895 he gave a hint of doing the same thing, but tho Colonial Office told him straight that' if he did it would moan war. The old gentleman, notwithstanding his astuteness in other directions, uppears to have gone crazy with tho idea that the Transvaal is in danger of being monopolised by " tho Mammon of unrighteousness !" Ho declares, to use his own expression, that " while ho is President the country shall not he wholly devoted to tho service and worship of Mammon," and there fore he would hamper, if not actually olose, the.' gold mines, and drive away tho miner, blind to the fact that tho minor has contributed in no small degree - to tho prosperity the nation bus rooently enjoyed. It is idle to reason with a man who holds such notions in these days. Mysterious bints are being cir culated, too, that the question of British suzerainty of the Transvaal will again he raised, and this time with an intention to openly repudiate it. Well, that is a question of another and much darker colour, though it strikes me that if occasion arises, Mr. Chamberlain will have something very peremptory to say about both matters. The result of the elections is to be regretted in the interests of South Afrioa as a whole, but it will not dishearten Mr. Rhodes, and it will not long, delay redistribution, of electoral power demanded by both justice and expediency. If the issue depended on the number of votes and tho amount of rating represented, the Progressives would oven now have a large majority. Consequently it is 1 only on an ex clusive suffrage that, the Bond have secured a preponderance in tlio. Chamber. 