j Christ and Mcodemus. Ä sermon by the Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, London. Verily, verily, I aay unto thee, except a man he born again, he cannot Bee the kingdom of God.-John 3, ... This chapter is certainly amongst the most won derful of any in the Bible. It would be difficult ,to And a verse which holds so much as the six teenth verse of this chapter. It compasses the infinite; tho -Infinite in the love of God; tho in finite in the person of Christ; the infinite in the nature of man; tho infinité.in heaven, and earth, and hell. But ;-' ' THE WONDER OF WONDERS "in this chapter is the unconscious manifestation of the greatness and glory of Christ. It is. a vision like Jacob's of old-a ladder reaching from earth to heaven. Set before your!mind the young Car penter of Nazareth, "Who has lived a life singular ly secluded and shut in from the world-a life lonely and little understood by those about Him. Then suddenly at thirty years of age He is thrust into this prominence and great publicity; and in the midst of vast crowds in Jerusalem He preaches the kingdom of God and works many miracles. And now Nicodemus comes to see Him. This Ni-, codcmus is a gentleman of good position, a magis trate and leading citizen. As to his coming by night, it may have been that he was scarcely pre pared publicly to acknowledge Christ; but it is quite as probable that he knew it was the only time when he . was likely to find Jesus at leisure for a quiet hour,. The other incidents recorded of him. show us a man not timid or half-hearted, but one brave as well as thoughtful. So then THIS. GENTLEMAN OF INFLUENCE comes to visit the young Prophet of Nazareth, thinking of Him certainly as a man sent of God, but quite ignorant of His sublime origin and of th« great purposes of His coming. He will give Him a word of kindly encouragement. Nicodemus had come to talk with the young Prophet about the social and political condition of Israel, much as a leading citizen might call to-day to see a teacher whose clear insight and earnest words are specially suited to the times. Thus they sit to gether. " . .. - It is with a tone of great respect that Nicode mus begins the conversation, "Sir, we know that Thou art a Teacher come from God; for.no man can !do these -miracles that Thou doest; except God be with-Him." "We know"-no^offensively spoken or haughtily; hut with a quiet confidence äs of a man who is accustomed to speak with autho rity, whose words are respectfully heeded and obeyed. Jesus read the innermost heart: "Verily, verily, I say unto thee"-here is the consciousness of a sublime authority, of a sublime assurance, in stinctive, natural. I say unto thee NOTE THE INDIVIDUAL DEALING. Nicodemus was detached from the rulers, from Israel, from the race. He stood alone in that Pre sence. I say unto ~ thee-Nicodemus, a Master of Israel, Ruler of the Temple-Except a man be bora again, ho cannot see the- kingdom of God. Please do not think of the kingdom of God as meaning heaven-we push everything on to hea ven, and so put out of reach that which we need most of all now and here. The kingdom of God is, of course, the realm in which God is known and loved and served-in which He is acknow ledged King. To. Nicodemus it was in Judaea. To us It is wherever we dwell; or ought to be. "Thou sayest, 'We know.' I say unto thee, Excenfc.-g" man be born again, he has no eyes to sep^fielklng dom of God-what and where it i^affacultles by which he can perceive it.". --" ' The tone and mannQr-^ëre as'impressive as i THE WQRJ?ö "WERE MYSTERIOUS. At on^-^ith the most perfect ease, without ef j tO£f;-tGxi young Prophet becomes the Ruler, rising Tat every word higher and higher, until Ho stands forth, the only begotten Son of thé Father; and "Nicodemus sinks from the confident: assertion to the lowly inquiry-"How can these things be?" And then yot lower still into a wondering and adoring silence. - To the ruler, with tils-lofty sens« of Jewish superiority, with the glorious memories, the -splendid privileges, the glowing promises; which proclaimed his people the favorites of hea ven, it'was a bewildering word. Of course the heathen, who were not the children of Abraham, needed to be born again. They were not of the promised seed; and by baptism they needed to be cleansed and purified before they could be per mitted to worship God, and to become the subjects of His kingdom. But what meaning had the words for Nicodemus-he was of the sect of the Phari see.?, a Jew of the Jews, of the very innermost circle of Heaven's chosen ones? NICODEMUS IS STARTLED, perhaps there is a breath of indignation in the reply-"What can you moan?" he asks. Again there came the solemn words of Christ; the clear eyes resting upon him, and searching the heart: "Verily, verily, I. say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot en ter into the klngdonTof God.". To be "born of water"-this was the only new birth of which Nicodemus knew .anything; the baptism of those converted to the Jewish faith-or the baptism of those who at the hands of John prepared them selves for the new manifestation of the kingdom of God. But that wâs only a form of which this was the substance and-reality-"Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit"-the man is not only not in the kingdom but cannot find any way into it. That which is-born of flesh is flesh; that which is born of God alone can know God, and, love Him t and serve Him. So the ruler sinks lower; and the lowly. Peasant from Nazareth rises higher, the Teacher .of the mest sublime trutíiB, not doubtfully spoken, or dimly guessed, but_ as ir-rted with authority. "I say unto thee."- The personality gives much more thanj freshness - of meaning to the story; it.elves It a fulness and force that we cannot afford to lose. IF BIRTH AND RELIGIOUS ADVANTAGES ~ could do anything to put a man into the kingdom of God; Nicodemus could surely claim to be there. His descent went tack without a Ibreak to Abra ham; he belonged to a nation marked off as God's peculiar people by deliverances and promises such as belonged to no others. If ever a man could, claim to belong to God by religious observance and association, this man could. Upon him was the sign and seal of his belonging to God, tba mark of that Initial sacrament with all its sig nificance; he was constant in prayer, in the study, of the Scriptures, and in the observance of the. law. If external ceremonies could set a maa in the kingdom of God, none could stand more securely than Nicodemus, who througl' every day and every hour of his life was subject to all kinds of religious exercises and ceremonies carried out with a scrupulous jealousy. If religion is in no tions, scriptural and orthodox notions, -in reverent feelings, in devout prayers, in generous senti ments, HERE THEN IS A MAN IN NEED OF NOTHING. Yet this is the, mon to whom it is said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." What, then, was all this a cumbersome; folly? This Jewish arrangement of training and, , worship; circumcision, altars, priests, '-, sacrifices, prophecies-was lt all no good* even though God. Himself had arranged and commanded it? Even ' so'; it was all useless, unless there is something more, and greater than it all. « No good, precisely as food and light and- air, as education and com merce and civilisation, are no good to a dead man." Put life into him-then all these things shall wait upon him and minister to him and bless him. But ho must live first. Sacraments, services, ser mons, Scriptures, creeds, may minister to life but there must be life first of all. The Holy Spirit of God may make use of any of these, and often does, perhaps generally does, as the way In which He moves upon the soul. BUT WITHOUT HIM THEY AVAIL NOTHING.' And He is limited to none.of these. Some would have us think that the life of God ij infallibly and necessarily communicated to the soul in the sac raments. We do not for a moment make light of the holy sacraments when we ask, Where was either baptism or the Lord's Supper on the great day of Pentecost? ., It was not through either of these that the Holy Ghost wrought the sense of sin, and moved the cry, "Men and brethren what must we do?" Go through the history ot the early Church as we have it in the New Testa ment and search for anything like the mystery of the sacrament-you will search in vaia. It was generally*-under the preaching of the word that the Holy Ghost moved upon the people. The very gift of tongues suggests that this is to be the means in which the light and fire of God are to reach men's hearts.. . . . . . , . (To be concluded.) 