THE MESSAGE OF DANIEL. [By William Sinclaie, D.B., Archdeacon of London. 1 I saw in the night visions, and, behold, One, like the Son of Man camo with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of Days, and they brought Him near before Him. And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages should serve Him ; His dominion is an everlasting dominion which shall not pass away, and His kingdom that which shall not be destroyed.— Dan. vii., 13, 11. The Book of Daniel consists of three parts. First, the biographical introduction in the first chapter. Second, five notable episodes in five succeeding chapters—[a) Nebuchad nezzar's dream of the image that fell down; (6) Nebuchadnezzar's golden idol' and the fiery furnace; (c) Nebuchadnezzar's degrada-1 tion; (fZ) Belshazzar's feast and the hand-' writing on the wall; (e) Darius the Mede and the den of lions. The third section consists of visions, and contains four distinct apocalypses. As the first of the episodes contains a vision, there are in all five apocalypses. The latest writer on the book, Professor Beecher, points out that though it cannot be doubted that Daniel is regarded in Holy Scripture as an sminently gifted prophet, yet that it is not in accordance with the usage of the Hebrew Church to place his book, as we English place it, among the prophetic writings still less to reckon him as one of four greater prophets. The Hebrew Bible places Daniel not among the prophets, but among the Hagiographa, or sacred poetical and biographical writings. It there follows Esther, which is a "notable episode," like the five "notable episodes" in Daniel, and comes be fore Ezra, which, like Daniel, is partly written in Chaldaic. _ The reasons why a book which common opinion regards as so peculiarly prophetic in its character is thus severed from the prophetic writings and placed in another class are not difficult to seek. In the first place those who arranged the Old Testament clearly regarded all the sacred poetical or biographical _ writings as of prophetic origin. For instance, the Book of Psalms, of course, belongs to that class, and the quotations from the Book of Psalms in the New Testa ment are only next in number to the quota tions from the Book of Isaiah. And secondly, although Daniel lias many important predic tions, he has littie direct teaching; whereas the prophets, as a rule, though all of them con taining predictions, have far more teaching than prediction. And thirdly, the Book of Daniel differs entirely in character from all the prophetic books except Jonah. The writers of the others are all distinctly preachers to Israel; Daniel and Jonah alone are not. The reason why the Book of Jonah is included among the prophets, and the Book of Daniel not, is simply this—Daniel is regarded purely as a biographical study ; Jonah is regarded solely from the point of view of his mission to a, neighboring heathen nation. DANIEL AND HIS TIMES. "When we come to ask who Daniel was, and what were his times, we find on examining the historical data that most of the alleged diffi culties are purely imaginary. We also dis cover that many of the proposed solutions of the difficulties are mistaken. Daniel was taken to Babylon in the year 605 13. c., the third year of King Jehoiachim, the acces sion-year of Nebuchadnezzar, King of Baby lon. Nebuchadnezzar reigned 43 years; he was now, therefore, quite a young man, full of boyish pride and restless activity, not much older than the Hebrew bov3 whom he put into training for the public service. While Jeremiah was prophesying iii JoruBa lem, and the youthful and ambitious Nebu chadnezzar establishing his kingdom by tlio defeat of Pharoah-Necho at the decisive battlo of Carchomish, Daniel was growing up at Babylon, and establishing an extraordinary and unique reputation for holiness. Ho had been already five vears in offico in tlio foroign city when another Hebrew monarch was brought away captive, King Johoiaehim. Soon after the exiles were cheered by a lotlor from Jeremiah advising submission and thrifty living. In b.c. 593 King Zedokiuh canio up to do homage, and Ezekiol began prophoayinpr among the captives. Two years lator tncro were Hebrews at Babylon building false hoptw on the extraordinary rigbteouBUOH1), wisdom, and greatness of Daniol. In replying to thorn, and warning them that personal iintl indi vidual faithfulness wore no leas ncoontmry to the favor of God than tlio splendor of notn« illustrious national exampio_ of virtuo, IfertUitil actually classes Daniol, in tlio plumtitulu of his reputation, with tlio ifwati typical names of Noah and Job—a unique ctniV' pliment which shows wlmli nil n\ traordinary person Daniol mimt Imvu litftut, Durinp; the final siege of Jerusalem torn- ytuu'fl later the Septuagint places tlio inoidimti of U»t» fiery furnace. Afterwards Nobuuhtuliitw.w invaded Egypt, and perhaps brought Jfroiitiali and Baruch to Babylon. There is an authorative historical d.Kiiimoufe called the Canon of Ptolemy, and, miDoriling to that, Nebuchadnezzar wus aucuuoilud in 601! by JJvil Merodacli for two yoaru, by Nergal-Sharezer for four yearn, mul by Nabonidus for seventcon yoara. Tho last year of Nabonidus was OH!), Uiu aouoa sion year of Cyrus as king ol Babylon. Oyruu had several "first years" to record, as ho was king of Persia and king of Modia boforo ho became king of Babylon. Darius, tho Mode, was either Cyrus himself (for many of those Icings had more than one name) or ono of his deputy kings. Many of those supreme monarclis had deputy kings associated with them in the administration of their vast empires, like the Augusti under the supreme Cissars of the later -Roman Empire. In 5-11 B.C. or learlier, Belshazzar was associated with Nabonidus in authority. Tho apocalypses of the seventh and eighth" chapters are dated in the first and third years of Belshazzar. Daniel was now in retirement, but was recalled- to public office just before tho death of that king. And so it happened that at the accession of Cyrus he was again in high authority. It was now 63 years since ho had been taken from Jerusalem, and ho was more than 80,years of age. In the iirst and third years of Cyrus new visions were granted to Daniel, and in the first year of Cyrue these were appropriately accompanied by the decree in virtue of which Prince Zerubbabel, who be longed to a far younger generation, led the returning exiles to Jerusalem, nit was not likely that at this great age the illustrious Babylonian judge, the trusted adviser of so many mighty kings, should accompany that forlorn little expedition. No one, says Professor Beecher, who notes these simultaneous dates, can doubt that the biographer of Daniel thought of him as in communication, in his earlier years, with such men as Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and Baruch; and in his later years with the leaders of the re turning exiles. He thought of him as through out using his resources of position, statesman ship, and prophetic wisdom in the interest of his nation, so that the preserved and restored Israel owed to him a larger debt than to any other man. Amongst other important modern discoveries, inscriptions have been found bear ing oil the times of Nebuchadnezzar, Nabo nidus, Cyrus, and his successors. _ Belshazzar has been identified as a historical person. It has been learned that the conquest of Babylon under Cyrus was by diplomacy rather than by bloody battles. In particular the Cyrus of the tablets was no inconilast, de stroying the idol gods of Babylon, but rather a supporter of all religions and all priesthoods. It is only those who deny the possibility of prophetic prediction who v/ould say that the Book of Daniel was written in the time of the Maccabees and was therefore mainly fiction. To those who agree with the New Testament that the prophets genuinely foresaw the future, the arguments in favor of the Maccabean origin of the book are artificial, inconclusive, and far-fetched. Part of the book is Chaldee, and not in Hebrew. What of that? Chaldee had been used from the days of the Kings of Assyria in diplomatic relations with the Hebrews, just as French is the language of diplomacy in modern times. Hezekiah's ministers asked the envoys of Sennacherib to speak to them in Chaldee. There are many Chaldee documents in the Book of Ezra, shortly after the time of Daniel. One life would cover the period from Daniel to Ezra. There were plenty of Israelites in that cen tury who spoke both languages. The bio grapher inserted the original Chaldee docu ments as a matter of interesting accuracy. In the same way, objections are raised to the use of Greek names for certain musical instruments, and the Greek word for a herald. But Nebuchadnezzar early in his career fought in Lydia, and at that time there were Greek rhapsodistsj at the court of Midas, King of Phrygia, and Gyges, King of Lydia. The names of musical instruments belonging to so musical a people as the Greeks would be widely known. Very few of our English musical instruments have English names. And, later, Nebuchadnezzar was invading Egypt, at a time when Greek mercenaries had long been bcrawling inscriptions on Egyptian buildings. The difficulty is purely imaginary, and arises from insufficient enquiry into the inter-pene trating intercourse and admixture of those ancient civilisations. THE PREDICTIVE FACULTY. And now let us ask very briefly whether the predictive faculty in the course of a Divine revelation is not merely possible, but rather an actual matter of fact. _ So much is it a case of distinct and unquestionable historical truth that it is hardly necessary to appeal'to the authority of St. Peter. But, at any rate, if St. Peter is an inspired apostle he has given us two indisputable lessons on the subject. The first is in the First Epistle : "Of which salva tion the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you : searching what or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify when He testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow. Unto whom it was revealed that not unto themselves but unto us they did minister the things which are now reported unto you by thom that have preached the Gospel unto you." Nothing could bo cloarer than the plenitude of the certainty of St. Peter's view of the predictive gift. Ths second passage is in the second epistle—" Wo havo also a more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto yo do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until tlio day dawn, and tho day star arise ill your hearts; knowing this first, that 110 prophecy of the Scripture is of any private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man; but holy 111011 of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." Tho great apostle seems almost to go out of hia way to anticipate the ques tionings of modern doubtfulness. Tlu&'prodiativo othcohos been described as iv sober historical reality by one whom you will not sunpout of any excessive exaltation of tho iniraculoiiii element in Holy Scripturo, tho late Doan Stanley. "It is unquestionable that) tho prophets of tho Old Testa ment did in a marked and especial iimnnov look forward to tho future." It wnii thin which gave to tho whole Jewish nation an upward, forward, progressive nhiu'iuittT, mioh (us no Asiatic, 110 ancient, I nitty almost nay no othor nation, Las over 'had in t)u» tuuuo upproe. Tlioy woro regarded . . . hi wtUohmou. stand iug on somo lofty tnwov, with a w'ultu- hori/.on within their view (haw that of ordinary men. 'Watchman, wlmti o( tho night '1 Watohman, what of the V wtw thouuostion addressed to Isaiah by un huxhuw world bulow. 'Iwill stand upon my wfttoli.1 ia tho expression of Habakkuk, 1 and not ino upon tho towor, and will watch to boo what 1 Co will say unto me. Though l,ho vision tarry, wait for it; it will oncoly uomo ; it will not tarry ' 'J'lioro aro spoaial 6_igns of authority, and of Uipbo ono of tho chiof, from first to last, was thoir 'spoaking_ tilings to come.' And this token of Divinity extends to the whole prophetic order, in Old and New Testament aliko. THE FUTURE GOLDEN AGK. "It was the distinguishing mark of the Jewish people that their golden age was not in the past, but in the future; that their greatest Hero (as they deemedHim to be) was not their founder, but their founder's latest descendant. Their traditions, their glories, their fancies gathered round the head, -not of a chief, or sage, or warrior that had been, but of a King, a Deliverer, a Prophet, Who was to come. Of this singular expectation the prophets were, if not the chief authors, at least the chief oxponeuts. Sometimes He is named, some times He is unnamed; sometimes He is almost identified with some actual prince of the coming or thq present generation; sometimes He recedes into the distant ages. But again and again, at least in the later prophetic writings, the vista is closed by His person, His character, His reign. And almost everywhere the prophetic spirit, in the delinea tion of His coming, remains true to itself. He is to be a Bang, a Conqueror, yet not by the common weapons of earthly warfare, but by thoso only \veapons_ which the prophetio order recognised—by justice, mnroy, truth, and goodness; by Buffering by endurance, by iden tification of Himself with the joys, tho suffer-' ings of His nation: by opening a wider sympathy to the whole human race than had ever been opened before. That this expecta tion, however explained, existed in a greater or less degree among the prophets is not doubted by any theologian of any school what ever. It is no matter of controversy. It is a simple and universally recognisedfact that, filled with these prophetic images, the whole Jewish nation—nay, at last the whole eastern world—did look forward with longing ex pectation to the coming of this future Con queror. " Was this unparalleled expectation realised?" asks the dean. . . . ''There did arise out of tbis nation a character by universal consent as unparalleled as the ex pectation which had preceded Him. Jesus of Nazareth was, on the most superficial, no less than on the deepest view 'we take of His coming, the greatest Name, the most extra ordinary Power that has ever crossed the stage of history. And this greatness consisted, not in outward power, but precisely in those qualities on which from first to last the pro phetic order had laid the utmost stress— justice and love, goodness and truth. " The fact which arrests our attention is, that side by side with the great ex pectation appears the great climax to which the whole history leads up. It is a proof, if anything can be a proof, of a unity of design in the education of the Jews, m the history of the world. It is a proof that the events of the Christian dispensation were planted on the very centre of human hopes and fears. It is a proof that the noblest hopes and aspirations that were ever breathed were not disappointed, and that when 'God spake by the prophets' of the coming of Christ, He spake of that which in His own good time He was certain to bring to pass." " I saw in the night visions; and behold One like the Son of Man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of Days, and they brought Him near before Him. And there was given Him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and lan guages should serve Him. His dominion is an everlasting dominion that shall not pass away, and His kingdom that which shall not be destroyed." , THE EVERLASTING OMNIPOTENCE. After these admitted facts we shall have no temptation to take from Daniel the full signi ficance of his sublime mystic and prophetic language. The venerable and saintly minister of a mighty world-empire, august in his un rivalled reputation, his unique position, and his immense personal dignity, with an enthu siasm for God and His laws which had braved the most appalling dangers from irresponsible despots was just the man to be permitted to see the things which were hidden from the eyes oE the rest of the world. There had been brought before him in a vision the survey of a series of vast temporal powers under the forms of huge terrific animals, horrible as nightmares, which filled even his calm and lofty spirit with dread. And then he was reminded that behind and above all these was a greater power still, the everlasting omnipotence of God. Ho saw the Ancient of Days, the Eternal Being, ssated, Whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his Head like the pure wool; His throne was like the fiery flame, and His wheels as burning fire. A fiery stream issued and 'came forth before Him; thousand thou sands ministered unto Him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before Him. And then, in contradistinction to the horror of the typical monsters, one like the Son of ilan, in all the beauty and gentle ness of a perfect human nature, came with the clouds of heaven, iu all the strength of a divine power, and came to the Ancient of Days. He had been before among the millions of the heavenly host, but _ now His time was come; and to Him was given, not one of the temporal thrones, however splendid, because that would soon 'pass away and be gone for ever, but dominion and glory and a kingdom such that all peoples, nations, and languages should serve Him ;_His dominion was an everlasting dominion, which should not pass away, and His kingdom that which should not be destroyed. It is useless for unbelievers to say that by this magnificent imagery and exalted language Daniel meant nothing but the Hebrew people in a high state of improvement. The seer himself shows that he was thinking of nothing of the kind, but of the personal Divine and human Redeemer, when two chapters later he utters the solemn and mysterious words, " Messiah shall be cut off, but not for Himself." He whom the wise and experienced statesman beheld shining bright and glorious in the clouds before the burning Throne o£ the Most High was the very same as He whom Abraham saw, and David, and the long line of psalmists and prophets, with differingdegrees of clearness, certainty, and understanding. It was the very same who was revealed in Jesus of Nazareth, of whom the awful voice from heaven was heard declaring, "This is my be loved Son; hear Him J" Tin: ETERNAL SIAJESTV OK JESUS. My brothers, these thoughts which we have gathered from the facts of the predictive element in the Old Testament, and from the life of Daniel, impress upon us with unquestionable force the eternal majesty of the Son of God. They remind us how in the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God; how the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us (and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only-begotten of the Father), full of grace and truth. They recall to us how " God in these last days hath spoken unto lis by His Son, whom He hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also He made the worlds ; who, being the brightness of His glory, and the express image of His Person, and upholding all things by the word of His power, when He had by Himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high." The systems and powers of the world rise and fall and have their sway, and fill our minds with their seeming importance; but, notwithstand ing all the fret and fume of men, it is only the kingdom of righteousness and truth that is eternal, only the city of God that hath un fading foundations, only the Son that abideth ever. The Christian view of prophecy, says Prin cipal Cairns, not only accounts for individual facts, but for the whole. Prophecy is syste matic, progressive, all-inclusive; and these features are accounted for alone by the theory of a revelation of redemption. Chrisb is the centre; in Him all are connected; the "Messianic part of revelation is largest, most important, most like tho heart in the economy of the whole. _ This alone accounts for the progress which is in all directions and towards all issues, but all con ditioned by the approach of Christ and by the fulness of the disclosure of His Person and work, and its consequences. . . . The world's kingdoms must pro through that crisis of trial and judgment, to prepare the world as a whole for the heavenly King. With prophecy there is a Redeemer, and with Him a philo sophy o£ history leading upwards. "Withoub prophecy, no redemption, but law, and sin fastened down bylaw ; any streaks in the dark ness like a prophetic glimmer, due to no rising orb, but meteoric, and born of night and chaos. Ought not the Christian, then, to give heed to this "sure word," which is attested, as it is created, by a Power above Nature, just where it needs to be? May He not hope as he prays that to others this day may dawn, this morning star arise ? Oh, my brothers, let your own belief be free, full, strong, and confident. Listen not to the subtle voice of unbelief, ever eager to justify itself and to make room for its own sinfulness; keep your soul far from its decomposing and disintegrating breath. Ask God this day for a living and true faith, a faith which shall make you daily realise your inheritance as His glad and thankful sons and daughters. And some day you, too, like the august seer of Babylon, shall behold "ibe Son of Man sitting on the right hand of power and coming n the clouds of heaven !" 