It has been truly said that we never know the real worth of any human being until he or she is lost to us for ever. Gladstone is the exception to this sad rule, however, for he was justly and de servedly held in the highest es teem while he lived. His public life was as honorable as his private life was lov ible, and he died as he lived—a Christian and a gentle man. He lid,d his little faults, of course, but one of the greatest was the mild one of loquacity. Disraeli declared that his urgent rival was ' intosicated with the grandiloquence of his own ver bosity,' but that was smarter than it was true. Macauiay once, said of Gladstone : ' He is most plau sible when most in error. When it suits himself or his party ha can apply himself with the strictest closeness to the point at issue ; when to evade the point is deemed most politic, no man can wander irom it more widely.' Macauiay was unjust to Gladstone, but his remarks would apply to some shifty politicians! I could name to-day. & JJC Macauiay was not the only one who reckoned Gladstone's oratori cal abilities up aifcer that fashion. It will be remembered that the 1 great heart of the English nation,' as it is called, went over to Gari baldi wben victory crowned his arms. The 'great heart' has cooled down considerably as re gards Italian affairs since then ; in fact most of the starving, tax cursed Italians are now bitterly regretting the great reforms which Garibaldi started. However, Eng land was preparing to kill a pig and make a general fuss over the red-shirted general, when it was suddenly discovered that amongst other reforms he greatly favored the go-as-you-please style of mat rimonial contract. When this leaked out Lord Malmesbury waited on Lord Palmerston and explained that Garibaldi was too much married, and the ' great heart' of the people stood a chance of being badly shocked by his naughty behaviour. 4 Garibaldi is married,' said Malmesbury, 'but we cannot acknowledge the lady now with him. Garibaldi's true wife is still living.' ' Pooh !' replied Pam, with a lai^gh, ' she doesn't matter. We'll get Glad atone to 4 explain her away'- as asual, * * Jje It is not usually known that one of Gladstone's hands—I think the left—only carried three fingers. He used to wear a leather shield over the place of the missing .digits, but. as his hands were ^stoiijly gloved in public, not many people &new; of his deformity. There was po .deformity about his •soul, however, a$d Jet us hope that at is enjoying its well-ear&e;^ glori ous reward. # % .35c Like Banquo's ghost the church debt worry " will not down," but keeps popping up with painful persistency everywhere a church is found. A Melbourne divine, whilst wrestling with this trouble, recently admitted that he had tried to clear off the heavy debt on his church by means of prayer. But he either hadn't used the proper form of prayer, or he didn't pray hard enough to wake his slumber ing flock up to a due sense of their obligations. This, by the way, reminds me that another deeply disappointed prayerful party was a colored deacon who, by the way of shaking up the spiritual side of his flock, told them that on the following Sunday he would pray for a sack of potatoes and a dozen chickens, and before long the lot would come down from Heaven and crash through a window over his head. "When the fateful day arrived the church was crammed with an eager, expectant audience, but although the poor parson prayed until he was hoarse not a single spud or pullet appeared. The party whom he had engaged to take charge of the good things he had provided and drop them through the roof at an appointed time cleared out with the lot, £ni* the duped deacon felt that the the greatest effort of his life had struck heavily on-a snag. and was wrecked beyond recovery. ^ Zi ^ Yet another duped divine touch ed his lambs up " on the raw"—as Alderman Metcalfe would remark —by stating, when the contribu tion box was returned to him as empty as the historical cupboard of' Old Mother Hubbard" : es Ex perience may be a dear teacher, but it seems to me that the mem bers of this particular flock who have experienced religion have ac complished it at a very trifling cost. The choir will now sing the 77th hymn, omitting the first, third and fourth verses, in order to save the unnecessary wear and tear of the organ." The " best of the bundle," however, refers to a worthy colored deacon who, in re sponse to his pastor's inquiry, "Did yo' pass de hat?" said, " Yes, sah, I sent it round very car'fully." " What's in it?" asked the eager cleric. " Well," replied j the dusky deacon, " de linin5 am ! in it dis time—de first time sech a thing ever happened De good cause am lookin' up, and I reckon de flocks about here must be gettin' religious at last." Just at the present time it is ex tremely interesting to know where the food supplies of the world are kept and who nappens to be in charge of them. From newspaper reports it seems that a Mr Joseph Leiter, brother-in-law to Mr Our-' zon, the British Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, has stored in his giant granaries, located in Chicago, Minneapolis, and Duluth, about 12,000,000 "bushels of wheat. This does not seem such a terrible amount until thought out. If this wheat was put on one train of or« dinary trucks capable of carrying 600 bushels each, that train would would haye to be 150 miles long to carry the burden. The same ■ amount of wheat, if milled into flour and packed in barrels of or dinary size, would fill 2,666,666 of such receptacles, and if they were placed end to end they would form a line 2000 miles long. If that flour was made into bread of the usual size, and the loaves were placed epd to end, they would form a girdle that would circle the whole world four times over. Not content with such a terrible mon opoly, Mr Joseph has secured the right of purchase over the crop of wheat due this month, to the tune of 4,000,000 bushels. That little ring in breads tuffs may make him one of the biggest kinds of million aires, for if bread goes up two pence per loaf, which is a moderate calculation for a war rise, this enterprising cornerer will scoop in on his first-named little deal no less than <£7,500,000. This will be good for Leiter, but it is doubt ful if he will be quite satisfied even then. There is a story told of a clergy man who, on hearing a woman remark that she had been engaged to be married for the last ten years, naturally asked: 1 What has compelled you to remain single all that time ?' ' Because,' replied the candid lady, ' me and my chap has never yet been out of gaol together at the same time,' She was living in hope, however, like the old lady who started to learn the piano on her 70th birthday, because some one told her De Murska's musical accomplishments had secured five husbands for her.. w * • * A twin tale to .the above comes from Melbourne, where a dipso maniac had been reclaimed by some means, and a practical phil anthropist gave him a job of work, warning him at the same time that dismissal would follow the first 'break-out' that occurred. Things Went on well until one fine morn ing, when the reformed tippler failed to put in an appearance, and another man got his billet. At the end of the month, however, the erring party popped up as fresh as fresh as paint, and coolly asked to be taken on again. ' Cer tainly not,' said the indignant employer ; ' you have a colossal cheek to ask me for anything after breaking your word and getting drunk, as you have done.-' ' You're J doing me a great injustice by say ing that, sir,' replied the other ; ' a [ very great injustice indeed, and you ought to have more respect for my feelings. I've not been drinking at all—worse luck. I've been all the time in gaol for thiev ing !' # # Thisisan age of shoddy and sham, indeed, and one can feel for the Victorian father who received a letter from his eldest daughter (who had gone to try her luck in the North of Queensland as a ser vant), in which the writer said she was married to one of the richest and, of course, most influential men of the district. " Slated by the good news, the old man ordered his old, woman to pack up her ...... •^■•w®i!'»5nr7srfT> -'aiKSkTow raps and start fco pay their rich son-in-law a visit, clasp him to their breasts, and bestow upon him and his bride their united bles sings. After* much worry and weariness, the old couple arrived at their destination and found that all their daughter said was strictly true She was indeed well and truly married, and her husband was the Bothschild of the place, but she had omitted to state that he was a Chinaman, of 53 summers, who wore nails like eagle's talons, who was as ugly as his own Joss, and who smelt like a rag-mill on fire, and had probably never heard such a word as " bath" during the whole of his long and chequered career. Consequently, Pa and Ma-in-law got quietly back to their own 'diggings' as soon as possible, and have been very reticent about the affair ever since . * .* * Something similar happened when an honest old farmer came tearing he-me from town one night and nearly ^ sent his wife flying backwards into a tub of home brewed jam she was concocting as he dashed into the house and shouted : Whatcher think, Mary Ann? LiaerJane is engaged to be married to a Purfessor." " A Professor of what?" asked the level-headed matter-of-fact wife, and in an instant her weaker half's lower jaw dropped on his chest and a clammy sort of limpness came over him as he moaned " By gosh, I never , thought of that I" ^ "Settle'em on the soil!" In spite of all the abuse and sarcasm showered upon it the above is really the soundest piece of advice yet given in reply to the weary old query - What shall we do with our boys. How to do ifc properly j nasnot yet been satisfactorily ex | plained, but in " Appleton's Popu lar Science Monthly" for March Iwe see what other countries are this respect, and what we should do without any further de lay. Porexample: In Austria the public school law reads:—"la every school a gymnasium ground, a garden for the teacher, according to the circumstances of the com munity and a place for the pur poses of agricultural experiments are to be erected. School in spectors must see that in the country schools such gardens shall ^™ded for,flvins agricultural instruction in all that relates to the soil, and the teacher shall make himself skilful in sucll in. struetion. In France, gardening IS practically taught in 28 000 primary and elementary schools, each school has a garden attached to it, and is under the care of a, master capable of imparting a knowledge of the first principles of horticulture. £n Sweden, as long ago as 1871, 22,000 children received instruction in horticul 201q sc^qIs had for cultivation a piece ot land varying from one tb twelve acres. Let our Minister 1 Agriculture go and do likewise. LUKE SHARP,. 