THE YOUNG COMMISSION. There have been many Royal Com- missions of a remarkable kind in New South Wales. That with reference to the Hastings Macleay election seems destined to achieve a celebrity all its own. Progress, so far as it has been reported, has not covered much ground. In fact, there has been no progress at all. Mr. Justice Owen, who has been duly appointed to conduct the inquiry with respect to the charges brought against Mr. Reid's colleague, the Minister for Works, in connection with the now celebrated contest, finds himself stopped, so to speak, at the very thresholds He has heard of nobody In the city who is desirous of making statements to him in the way of evidence. Those who have any information to offer are in the district which was the scene of the much- discussed election, and for the present at all events they seem determined to remain there. The learned Judge has now to consider as to whether it would not be advisable for him to gain pursuit of these prospective witnesses. The situation is certainly not without suggestions of a semi farcical kind, despite the grave nature of the question with which it is associated. What will be the issue of the business which begins in so curious a fashion, though of course through no fault of the gentleman to whom it has been intrusted ? What will he be likely to get out of his witnesses, even if he should succeed in running them to earth? By the very nature of the case, their testimony is sure to be more or less of a conflicting nature. Mr. Justice Owen has plenty of professional acumen, but if this endowments in that regard were of the most phenomenal sort, it would still he doubtful enough whether, from such evidence as is likely to be forthcom- ing, he could extract anything which could lead to positive conclusions as to what Mr. Young actually said or what he did not say when speaking in support of the Ministerial nominee for the Has- tings Macleay. The adroitness which has pulled the Premier of New South Wales out of so many tight places did not desert him in the course of the debate-the series of debates to which the proceedings at the Haistiugs*Miacleay gave rise. A suf ncienMy emphatic opinion has already been expressed more than once in these columns as to the charges which were then so determinedly pressed against Mr. Reid's colleague, and indirectly, but with as destructive intent, against Mr. Reid himself. Once again it may be repeated that, in some respects, they were exaggerated out of all proportion. From the tone of most of the Opposition Speakers who had their say on the Has- tings Macleay episode, it might have been imagined that Mr. Young's tour as the backer and principal mouthpiece of the opponent of Mr. Edmund Barton was a hitherto unheard of thing. Those gentlemen must have had conveniently forgetful memories. There certainly was no Government that ever existed in New South Wales the leading members of which, from time to time, were not " perchance accountable for as great a sin." The sinners indeed were to be found in all parts of Australia. In their own eyes, as well as in those of other people, they were the most venial of offenders. It remained for the last one who was added to the list in New South Wales to be denounced as having outraged all the canons of political purity. Yet, at. the same time, the fact is not to be denied that the circumstances of the case were of a peculiarly exceptional kind. The contest in which the Government so strenuously, though unsuccessfully, interfered was no ordinary one. It was no struggle between protectionists and free-traders. The candidate whom Mr. Reid and his Minister for Works tried so very hard to defeat was, in fact, to be regarded in a measure as the representative of the whole of Australia. He was de serious of entering the popular chamber of New South Wales for the express purpose of advocating the federal cause, the cause to which, if words contested for anything, Mr. Reid, too, was as solemnly pledged. Mr. Reid .SÜintKteJ course of his political career fll¿[§0n)^| 1 asked to avoid serious blunders at any rate of a tactical kind. That, however, with respect to the Hastings Macleay el section was a pretty bad one. It might easily have involved worse consequences for him than it actually has. But he would have been spared an infinity of trouble if he had simply kept quiet, and allowed Mr. Barton to have a walk over. Raising up the politically defunct ex- Minister for Mines, Mr. Sydney Smith, to ghost Mr. Barton, was all the more discreditable to the exercise when the poor ghost, under circumstances in which the ignominious was so queerly mingled with the ludicrous, come to be laid again. In short, there can be no doubt that Mr. Reid in thus opposing Mr. Barton displayed bad taste, and still worse strategy. All this may be admitted, i but when he was accused of having incited his Minister for Works to grossly violate all constitutional usage the matter west's a very different complexion. Here Mr, Reid's enemies decidedly overreached themselves. When Mr. Young set out on his tour as the guide, philosopher, and friend of the ingenuous (Mr. Sydney Smith, doubtless it never occurred to the Minister for Works that there was anything unseemly in such a procedure. As has? been pointed out before, he had any amount of precedents to warrant him. It is more than likely that, at least in an indefinite way, he was rich in pro- mises as to the advantages which would accrue to the electorate If it should make Mr. Sydney Smith the man of its choice. Anyhow, it is pretty certain that politt claus, under similar conditions, who have had it in their power to promise one thing at all have not been wont I to be chary in that respect. They have been liberality Itself. On the other hand, it do just as unlikely that Mr. Young offered anything which could be considered as really in the nature of a | bribe, or adopted any methods which, in the strict sense of the word, could be deemed corrupt. Indeed, when pressed on that point the most emphatic of his accusers disclaimed any intention of urgüing a charge of the kind. They fell back on. the statement that the fact of a Minister throw- ing all his influence into an election struggle of such a nature as was waged at the Hastings Macleay was behaviour which was not to be defended on any constitutional grounds. Theoretically no doubt, they were perfectly right, and right, it may be added, too, according to the letter of the British Parliamentary law. ' But In Britain, even as in Australasia, the practice has not always squared with the theory. Often enough' | it has been very much the other way, notwithstanding that resolution of the House of Commons of which so much was heard when Mr. Young was held up from the Opposition benches of the Sydney Legislative Assembly as one whose words and actions in the Hast- ings Macleay district had been little short of high crimes and misdemeanours against the honour of Parliament. Such charges are not in the least likely to be sheeted home to Mr. Young when the investigations of the Royal Commission have come to an end. Pro- phecy to that extent at all events may be safely ventured. Mr. Young has encountered the worst danger which threatened him in connection with his championship of Sydney Smith. When Parliament did not deal adversely with his case, he had little more to fear. Perhaps it would not be very remote from the exact truth to describe the Royal Commission as a solemn farce. But the question of the Hastings Macleay election has still another side which may be contemplated with more satisfactory results. There can be no doubt whatever that the hot controversy which it excited will have at least one most salutary effect. It will put a stop to practices which if they were not actually abuses would inevitably have taken no less objectionable a shape. 