Two Distinguished Exiles. Sometimes you will meet men who bring up scenes that are of the past and are alnost forgotten. They bring up aid memories-old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that Isaw Oakey Hall, in London, and what recollections of New York under tel reign of Tweed he brought upt Those were great days for Hall, and for men who were a great deal worse than be, What a fellow of infinite jest he was, and what a bright spot he made the Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspa per men, politicians and men about town wili long reuember its attractive hess. He would have been a rash man i tliose days who would have attempt ed to prophecy the height in the tem ple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exilp In a foreign land, leaving be binl him on the field of his early tri umphs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfre quented part of Paris the other day I raw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his surrounndings. He had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past sulfer ings. His long hair was gray-prema turely gray. His shoulders were beat, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidently ra tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As hesat at the table he looked like a stong man borne down by thu memcry of some great sor ro- oi the past. Presently lie arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, and then I recognized him, althuigh it has been years since I saw him before. It was Theodore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York In'?e pendent. But how changed. In the days of his popularity, tall, arect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sortof literary work here, but no one seems to know just what it is. I could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this can's life was wrecked was more than a mere scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The greatest of them is dead, so are others, a ilmong them some of the lawyers and several of the jury. One of the lawyers. Ben jamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of the President of the United State=. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situ ated than her husband, for she hai the company and sympathy of her chiidren. But Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-the sway places in Paris. seeking neither friends nor friendships, a misera!de ond broken man. 