COMPI'bte [PUELISIIED- BY JSPECIAL AEnAXQEMEST.} _ ALETHEA PHILIPS, Authdr of "Tlie Jladommof the Sepulchre,1 \- -• " "virtuoso's Violin,'* &C.j; &c.; {COPYEIOnT.y ^ KLY the sparrows knew this Idyl of the Roof-top. hut it was : chirped outside my window odco in the narly spring ■ time, and' that was how I came to sharo their knowledge. The Recluse was a disap pointed man who had becomo a modern her mit; .'arid Lon don, with its vast wilderness of bricks, was his desert; It miglit be; seen, however, that ; . lie was more of a pessimist than a misanthrope. His expression was melancholy, not sour; neither .'had his dress degenerated into that slovenly disregard • for appearances which marks tho scorn er of his fellows, but was distinguished rather by a certain punctilious propriety. In- person ho was tail and very thin, with refined features, sallow com plexion, bald head, cbsc-cat beard turning gray, hut which had osee been dark, and eyes of ta indeterminate colour hidden by spectacle?. Something had gono wrong in his life, and for this reason ho chose to live aloof from the world. Like Simon Stylites in voluntary isolation on his pillar, the Recluse inhabited rooms so high np they opened on to tho roof, where his only visitors wcro the birds; but he . bore them a grudge, for there was one passion ho . carried with him into his solitude, and this they did their best to frustrate. The Kecluso loved flowers, and the sparrows are the seeds ho planted in boxes all round the flat roof he was endeavouring to turn into a garden. . One day he made a discovery. Tho little typewriter who lived jast below made friends of his enemies by spreading crumbs on her window-silk This exasperated him. ; lie ■would have liked to have taken a broom and swept them .all off, but the girl did not know anything about it. She loved to sec these . audacious twitterers cat her crumbs so greedily, and wondered how any birds ever cumo to leavo tho heantifal eountiy and take up their abodo among tho chimneys. She kept a canary in her room, and some times ho could hear its shrill song float mock ingly up the staircase. The sound inado him feel irritable. The spring advanced. By dint of great watchfulness and ingenious precautious lie at last "managed, to raise a little oasis iu his desert. Ho believed hiihself happy. Tho sun lingered long over the roof-tops now, and: one cvenfttg, as the Recluse was busy watering his plants, something with golden wings fluttered to his feet. Then ho . heard an exclamation of despair. • " ily canary 1 Oh, my canary 1" . He stood still for a moment and looked at the bird. He could easily have dropped tho watering* cnu on it. Tho tiny creature . hopped hither and thither, coquetting with liberty; it preened its feathers in the sun until they glistened, and dipped its fastidious little beak into somo water ho had spilled. Tncrc was a strange fascination in watching ; these pretty ways; but agaiu camo that girlish voice from below, this timo full of tears. ' •.* 11 He is gonftr-quito goco. I shall never soo him again." Tho Recluso stepped to the parapet and leaned oyer. Tho little typewriters wiudow looked up sideways to his roof, which was on a jutting out piece of the builuiug. Ho saw a palo faco witn wet cyta, and tho grudgo he had borne this poor girl went quite ont of his mind. V 41 Your bird is up here. If you can hand me tho. cage, perhaps I may catch him for you;" • 44 Oh please—please do. Tbo cats will get at huh, or ho will dio of hunger and cold." • Sho knelt on the window-sill and held tho cago as higli'as sho could. 44 Mind, pray tukocaio—yon will fall out." He was ogilated, almost" sick, at right of that slight figure swaying towards him with -only one hand to keep "its balance. 441 will tie something on and throw it up to you.V 41 No, the quickest way is to bring it up to my room—if you don't mind." . : Sbe did not wait to consider any question of propriety in her eagerness to reclaim possession of her bird, and tho next minute i thoftcclnso was opening tho door to hi-} first I visitor. On the threshold eho paused a) moment, looking into his faco wth the instiuotivo scrutiny of licr sex, but tho man's grave smilo was reassuring. They went out together into his littlo aerial garden, where it seemed to her tho city, lay in a mystic golden 'glory at their feet. Tho suu was setting behind some distant buildings, trausfiguring them into a vast cathedral, while the chimneys bccamo pinnacles, anil the hutn of the streets the vibration of sonic far-off anthem. Thofrugranco of mignonette and sweerpeas was nil about her. and there, like a small yellow spot, was the lost canary. *' Sweet, sweet, sweet," she culled, placing tbo open cage upon tho ground and scattering grain about, but there were many minutes of suspense during which tho .girl watched her bird, and tho Recluse fell to studying the girl. She'was no longer in her first youth; yet she seemed so small as to be almost childliko to hint looking down upon lier, and a sudden commiseration stirred his heart at right of those weary lines round eyes and mouth that told of perpetual striving. Her face had no pretensions to beauty—tho cheeks had lost their roundness, and tho nose was a trifle too long—still it was infinitely pathetic. He could ouly think of a tired dove as she stood patiently "there in her soft gray dress. Then a!l\at once her expression changed : she Hashed a smile at him like-n reflection of brighter days, and kueeling down, placed a seed between her lips. ' It wiis evidently a. favourite trick with her pet. The canary out his head, on one side considering, then hopped quickly forward. Ho pecked daintily at tlio lips. It was like a caress, and the tell figure looking on blinked . behind his spectacles. Tho little typewriter stood up again, with the bird held asraiust her bosom. She bud.captured him and her faco was radiant. "Ah 1 that was hardly fair," cried the Recluse, picking np the cage, and he almost sighed. . v ' . They fastened the canarv in. securely, and nearly dropped the cago between them, for their fingers got in each other's way.. "It was so good of you to help me, and to Jet mo come up here,'7 murmured th5 girl. "I can smell your flowers sometimes when I open the window. How dclicioas they arc." A pink glow spread itself slowly over the features oE the Recluse. ■ „ * . '' Would—would you like a few to—to put in your dress?" and he went on blunderingly towards one of the boxes. " 'Here are sweetpeas. on tiptoe fora flight: With wings of gentle flush o'er delicate whit?, And taper fingers catching at all things, To bind .them all about with tiny rings.'-" '* Ah, you ore fond of Keats," ho exclaimed, delighted with her accurate quotation of his favourite pcefc. "He brings the countiy bark to mo us these do," she answered, fastening the flowers into her girdle. • Somehow these two solitary, beings had becotno quite friends. It did each of them so much good to havo somebody to-talk to., little by little they exchanged thoughts usj the twilight deepened, and the roir of the, city came up to them like the confused uiur- | mur of that sea of fife which had drifted them together fora space. It 6tirred their hearts into closer communion, aud when tho stars camo out love seemed to have brushed them with his wings. • Then the girl -suddenly remembered she had lingered there too long, and with a nervous laugh she bade the Recluse good night. Ho persisted in carrying tho cage to her door, and was quite uneasy for fear she might have taken cold. It was years since lie had been chivalrous or attentive to any woman, and he smiled at feeling himself so young as he sat up. dream ing half the night, of all they had said to each other ou the roof, beneath tho stars. And this friendship grew with the ripening breath of summer winch blew leaden gusts of heat across tho tiles and slates, so that the flowers would havo withered away had it not been for the constant cure they received. The iittlo typewriter often wore a bnuch at her girdlo now, but, though her eyes were brighter than they used to be, it was cvi deut the long, hot days weto taking away her strength. At last sue could hardly drag to and fro to tho office, and one afternoon he found her at tho foot of the long flight of stairs, leaning against tho wall, too weary to, ascend. He helped her up, and for tho first timo since they hud known each other, he fell into a brown study about ways .«nd means. Ambition had not been quite stamped cut of him. He wasbasy preparing n book, tho result of several years' labour, and by this he hoped to moke a name. Money was scarce with him, however, anil all that he had been able to sparo from his necessities ho spent on the one object of his life. Aud now a human | being had come between him and that object.: He went out upon tho roof and began tying up the flowers. "I don't think I could live through the summer hero if it wasn't for your garden," she had said softly only tho evening before, when they sat tnero together as usual, to enjoy the coolness. To-night she was too exhausted to come even up thoso few remaining stairs. Oh, how he missed tho little woman with her gentle ways and ready sympathy. She took so much , interest in ws book and had even borrowed part of the M.S. only to return it to him, ready type-written. That" had touched him deeply—and sho would havo it that it was a debt of gratitude she owed, though ho knew very well it racaut so many hours of extra labour to her. Poor little typewriter—always so delicate, so worn with the striving looks aud tho gront rings round her eyes—why could ho not take licr to his breast and let her shelter thero for ovcrmore ? Onco in the summer twwgnc wnen sac thought ho wis no longer near she hud laid her head ou iho window-sill and sobbed a ftJy like n tired, child, whilo tho bree/o from the roof-top, scented with mignonette, stirred her hair ns with gentle, cool fingers. Then the Recluse had been forced to stumble down the stnirs and out iuto tho strocU with a blind derive to forget this disturbing clement thai had come into bis life. Now he paced restlessly to and fro, strug gling1 with the question that confronted hitn. Should lie abandon his solitude and give up the object that had grown to bo a part of his existence for the sake of a woman ? If they were married ho could tuko-Jicr ii biiujr v> wiu uiiiiTicu tiu Cwum uhu^iicr away from these stifling streets aua the work that was killing her, but all tho small income he had would have to go for their joint sub sistence, and he must drudge at some uncon genial occupation to earn tho smallest luxury His eye foil on a halt-finished page of manu script. The'white paper stared at him re proachfully. With a sudden sweep, grand irom its self-abnegation, he locked it away in a drawer, typifying os it did the knowledge he hod gathered iu his brain, and the hopes fouuded thereon. Then ho sat down and wiped the drops of perspiration from his forehead. The Recluse had tnado his resolve. Meanwhile a crisis had come also into his neighbour's lifo on that weary aftcrnobu when she felt existence no longer supportable. A largo envelope .was awaiting her. She opened it with fingers that trembled through weakness, not excitement, for all she expected was a privato typewriting order, such as sho J often executed in spare hours. Then her ©yea: became dazed; a look of astonishment took, the place of 'apathy, and was succeeded by thankfulness and joy. It was a lawyer's letter informing the recipient of a small cownotcncy left her by an undo who bad died-fa Australia. Tho mechanical strains of a piano-organ that usually got upon the poor girl's nerve?, floated up as usual from the streets, and a)l at once sbo felt as if they c mid set lier dancing'. The dingy walls seemed to expand. Already sho could hear the murmur of the sen as the waves came tumbling iu upon the shore, just us she saw them every night in dreams. What au imprisonment it had been here shut up amoug the houses; ah alone— imd now* poverty, the grim gaoler, had dropped his keys. 't'kn The little typewriter threw hack her head and laughed It was tho first nam she had langhed uloud for years, and, heating tho joy ous sound, the cuuary chimed in with his rippling song. And at that moment the Recluse made his final surrender for a woman's sake. Looking up she saw the slender stalks of the sweetpeas trailing ov r the parapet, and a passiou of pity swept the girl's soul. He was growing old and he was poor, horribly poor, just as sho had been once—long ago. A week passed, during which they neither spoko to nor saw each other. Both were busy maturing matters for tho future. The weather was stormy. Ono evening when thunder clouds bung low over the city, so that tho slates reflected strong purple lights, and the smoko wreathed itself from the chimney's ashen white, like ghosts of departed inhabitant?, the Recluse made up his raiud to speak. . , They were, together again oneo more upon tho roof, where no eyes save Ihoso of the sparrows took any heed of their doings, but tho constraint between them wits as great as if the world beheld them. ,f I—I have something to tell you," she said at hut, breaking silence abrupt y. 44 X have given up my" rooms and am going awnv." 44 Ah!" His sallow completion paled, but his spec tacles glimmered steadily into the sxnokc hrue. •* Arc yon sorry you will have no one to— to admire your flowera ?" fi Yes—I—I wish yon to he happy. Why are you leaving?" he asked, incoherently. •. 4fc Because I have had money- left me. But, rich or poor, I am like yon—always alone,** she cried, passion.it -ly, plucking a piece of mignonette and crusMugit betw«.eu her fingers.^ He looked at her one moment, then answered gently: ; 44 Oh, but you will not be. I am a hermit. v i You are youn<r, yon belong to the world i and must go back to it.** She threw away the bruised leaves with & despairing gesture us he turned and leaned on the parapet. 44 Ah, it is that book. You live for that book," she exclaimed; and the flush in her face might have been a reflection from the angry sky. MHow is it getting on?" 44 Not ut all. I had given it up.** .."Why 5"' - . 41 Bccauso I dreamed of being married." ^ 41 You dreamed " she burst into a ciis« cordant laugh. 44 When is it to bo?** 44 Never! I shall remain a bachelor." , '* Then you will finish tbo book. Well, f chaciin a son gout,*" she answered, lightly. The first flash of the storm zigzagged across the. tin', and they -went in; but the deafening roar of thunder drowned their words of polite farewell. - The Recluse had become a real recluse once • more. The_tonrienting -presence was- gone. There were* nolonger crambs/upon'tbe window*sill, and the sparrows seemed/.to. be continually taking him to task about it/ At lost to still their incessant upbraiding.be even . spread crumbs for them himself. The pink and^ white stocks had . come out .arid were tjcentjng the air beautifully, but it irritated bun just as the sdng of her canaiy used to do. "What was the use of tho garden on the roof now? He was too wrapped up in his great work to pay much attention to it. The great renunciation had been made in vain, but a wild miserable idea had token its place that he would, consume his'energies in the object which had now lost half its zest, and then leave Ins book to gather fame while its author lay dead in a neglected grave. Perhaps the little typist would come across a copy in her happier circumstances, and anile at recollection of the strange figure she once was acquainted with. A fever of impatience consumed him. In a few weeks be did the work of months, and his manuscript passed into the publisher's hands. Then his strength failed. The Recluse found himself usable to rise from his. bed. It seemed as though he had lain there for years, perfectly forgotten^ tossing in delirium. Night and day were confused. Ho oven forgot his identity, lie belonged to death; but they wore so long coming to bury him, . and till they - burieid. him under , the cool green turf ho could have no rest. At last, as in a far-off dream, there was a sound of knocking—low at first, then louder —and he knew they were nailing him down " in the coffin. It was narrow and cold, but— it was peace. His long-. lean-figure made a sharp line under the bedclothes. The eanaci.ted face ■was tilted backwards us in a last struggle. Two persons trere looking down upon him one fat and motherly, his laundress, who had . become uneasy at not being admitted to clean up as usual. • - " Oh, ho is dead !" wailed the other, a girl, radiant in" some light garb, her hands full of flowers, as she knelt by the bedside, but the flick man opened his eyes. He believed the little typist's spirit had come to fetch his OWE. " Vou ' will" never leave me again?" he whispered." "Never." "With that word in his'ears he fell into the deep sleep of convalescence. Another story has been built on'the flat roof where swectpcas, mignonette, and old fashioned stoclc3 used to flower in boxes, , bringing brightness into two overclonded lives, bat if you listen /o. the sparrows tou ■will still hear them chirp and twitter on the booty leads of how the Recluse, who hated /them,'passed' hand in hand with the little typewriter, their friend, through the gGlden gates-of love into- the broad stream of humanity. . *' If the blood is diseased the body is diseased." ^ Remember - that the blood, whether pure or impure, circulates through the organs of the body—Luner?', Heart, Stomach, Kidneys, Brain. If it is laden with poisonous matter it spreads disease on its course. In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of :tll kinds the effects .of Clarke's Blood Mixture. are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Be ware of worthless imitations and' substi tutes. • 