THE LATE EMPRESS M J* • f ■: AUSTRIA. . ? Requiem Mass at St. Ignatius'. PA&EGYBIC; BY FATHER HEADLEY. The solemn office (or the dead and requiem mass were cheated at St. Ignatius' Church for the late: Empress of Austria on Wednesday morning. . The church was draped in mourning, and a catafalque was erected in front of the high altar. Upon this rested a handsome black velvet pall, trimmed with silver, and the Australian and Hungarian standards, a crucifix being placed on the breastpiece. A number of seats were reserved for the members of the Ministry, the consuls, and officials, and among those who attended were the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin), the Com missioner of Crown Lands (Hon. L. O'Loughlin), Mr. W. P. Cummins, M.P., the Austrian Consul (Mr. C. L. Meyer), the German Consul (Mr. H. C. E. Muecke), the American Consul (Mr. C. A. Murphy), the Brazilian Consul (Mr. J. Robin), the Com missioner of Police (Colonel Madley), Major Tomkinson, Pastor K. Dorach, Lutheran minister, Dr. von Lukowitz, and many Austrian colonists. His Excellenoy the Governor apologised for his unavoidable abBenoe owing to his departure for Eng land. His Grace the Archbishop occupied the throne, being attended by the Very Revs. Dr. Byrne, V.G., and Archpriest Nevin, and there were also present Very Revs. Spence, O.P., Fathers Milz, S J., and Hurley, and Fathers MaoKillop, S.J., O'Dowling, S.J., Carroll, S.J., Augustine, C.P., Andrew, C.P., Alfred, C.P., Carr, O.C.C., Enright, Hourigan, Healy, Davis, Cosgrave, Mc Evoy, Collier, and Adamson. The requiem mass was then celebrated, Father Milz acting as celebrant, Father O'Dowling as deacon, Father Carroll as sub-deacon, whilst Father Cosgrave was master of ceremonies. The Mass sung was a Gregorian one. Mr. Lallan conducted, Mr. Howard presided at the organ, and there was a chorus of some 16 boys under the control of Father MacKillop. Father Headley took aB his text the 14th verse of the 14th chapter of the Second Book of Kings:—"We all die, and like waters that return no more we fall down into the earth; neither will God have a soul to perish but recalleth. Meaning that he that is cast off should not altogether perish. f ather Headley said that' the sudden and tragic end of the late Empress of Austria brought vividly to our minds the realisation of the words:—" In the midst of life we are in death." Death reaches the noblest and fairest, the best and bravest, the meanest and most worthless. Oh, death! How ter rible! How omnipotent! What are all worldly possessions in the twilight of earth's faded day? What are all the honors of man? What are all sensual enjoyments ? Our Redeemer warns us that our death is not only uncertain, but that it will come when we least expect it. Tou know not how soon your soul is re quired of you. The remembrance of death is a powerful remedy given by the Holy G-host against temptation, "Eemember thy last end and thou shalt never Bin." The great truthB upon which we have juBt been reflecting are significantly illustrated in the death of Elizabeth, Empress of Austria, and Queen of Hungary. Behold one holding the most exalted position of any. woman in Austria, and robbed of all her earthly splendor by the cruel hand of death. Our heartB are fiUed with sympathy when we contemplate a highly refined woman, absent from her own home and country, her friends far away, suddenly, without a note of warning, stricken down in the open daylight by the cruel hand of an assassin. Need we wonder that the dark and shameful deed has sent a thrill of horror through all the civilized world. The people of the Austrian, Empire are moved to the deepest depths of grief for their loss, and the colonies have associated themselves with the European nations in conveying a message of condolence to the Emperor in his sad bereavement. She was a woman of great nobility of character, highly gifted both by nature and educa tion. 1 She was a true Christian, a faithful wife, a good mother. The deceased Em press must' have laid hp for herself a rich store of merit in heaven. In the dawn of a summer morning,x or in the opening of a winter's day, phe would go forth from her palace with only one attendant on some errand of mdrcy, into the darkest places, unrecognised, as she wished to he. She might be found for hours in the hospi tals of great cities throughout theT3mpire, sympathising With unhealthy, suffering. Some yews ago, the River Theiss overflowed its banks and devastated the surrounding country. The Empress went out with others in boats saving the poor people, who were perishing in the flood. These ate the works which are accepted as gifts of Paradise; these are the works which render any life such a one that itB ending may he withoiit fear. We may confidently hope that the deceased Empress has won for her self, by the extent and quality of her good works, a crown which no assassin's arm can rob her of, a crown of imperishable glory. Our life is but a path on the way to eter nity, leading to higher things, of which death is but the most advanced hour. There is something within my heart which tells me that this sphere is not my final destination. God's revelation teaches me to (believe that the soul when freed by death from this prison may live on for ever. Faith, looking beyond the resting-place of human dust, opens a state of peace and rest, final and complete, of perfect happiness, in effable bliss, of exquisite pleasure. Some stains, before the soul can enter the place of light and purity, may need to be washed away. Let us join with the priests of God in getting the final absolution, and pray to God to let his paternal light Bhine upon her. The Austrian, Imperial Hymn having been sung, the Arohbishop pronounced the absolution and benediction, and " The Death March in Saul" was then played on the organ. 