SCfi&TCitaGS; IJT THE eiiT* Br A FHNCH. ? ±v&L;&Tery; iin# wiiion wnrtao here may be ? \- Op to itB lcmk StHdrirt ftttA 'unpri^wgTy feogfrlw «leaa and faSybouylit Taiat.condoBiBation never go unsonjght; ? -..Thatisut or tbirnst or lonii ajjprovin^ cheer Aiffl itas te honest, tbsnght eitd purpose clear The fwait of the election for the Horthent District io ai bitter disappointment to-iSr. fetfhwff;. Thouglr be did decide in his taste after las beating in your district to leave " jpcSitres ' alone in future, when he ttpod this "time it was with the fall deter mination, to iap, and with the idea that he *^-^a8the;8f**tsiDeH say--a "moral" lor feietory. dBatthe prospect altered When his friendsfailed to induce the Australasian NatioiMA&soemfioh; to take him up and when . th©. Ministry championed him. Chaittpkmship by *he Ministry seems a fiit&l; thing foe a candidate nowaday. Mr. Hsslam, however, will probably be happier out <j£ Parliament than howould have been to it. _Se is one of the- best men in South. Australia, bat his election experiences hare 'impressed his friends with the idea -that he is too- "wobbly"-so they phrase it ?--ha vStandi the rough-and - tumble o£ politics. . Tfce'election of Mr. TeaEant, who is also liteeak vessel, is a great triumph for the " which Mr. Burgess has s® well ©rganised,; At first the association in tended not to work actively for any candi- i date, but finally i£ decided, to taa Mr. I Stenn∋ whoneeds roaming; as ke is a badspeafcer and a n» not able to impress th^pnblic frem the platform. Well, Mr. Burgess conducted the campaign magnifi cently, and be ianstataHy as proud at as ' Mr. Haslam and the Ministry are disgusted with the resalt of his work. Strictly "speaking, Mr. Tennant did not deserve the championship ot the league, as by deter mined presaiug of his candidature on other occasions he showed selfishness, and was the means of keeping Liberal candidates out Ot "Parfiaasenl and potting- Ministerial men into it.. However, so long as he votes light now let bygones be bygones^ \- The tateMr.Ctoyder hadln his posses sion a whip which belonged to the poet Gordon. The imploment had a history, and its owner was proud e£ it. Through the kindness of that fine old colonist, Mr. John Biddoch, who was Gordon's best friend. I have had an opportunity to read a bundle of lettirs which Gordon sent to him about thirty years ago, and right up to his death. As you remember, the poet was found lying in a lonely place at Brighton in Victoria with a ballet through his brain/and Mr. Kiddoch was not much surprised when he heard the newis." Two years" before the tragedy occurred Gordon wrote to Mr. Riddoch-when in a gloomy fit owing to the absence of the wife, who he said had more plack in her little finger than he had in his whole body, and who stiBsurvives liim " I have not been well lately. I never got over that fall, and since then I have taken to drink. At least I don't get drunk, but I drink a great deal more than I ought to do, for I have a good deal of pain in my neck and back, and I get so awfully low spirited and miserable that if I bad a strong sleeping draught near me Pm afraid X might take it. I have carried one that I should never wake from. You will perhaps be awfully shocked, old fellow, to see me right in this strain, but lam not exaggerat ing at least, and if I could only persuade myself that I am a little mad I might do something of this sort. I really do feel a little mad sometimes." And as the poor fellow proceeds to talk of his overpowering but partly imaginary troubles the reader feels that when be shot himself he really was a madman. The Strain of eccentricity is as plain as po&sible; in his letters. By the by, " Pat" Auld, the blunt-spoken, straightgoing old colonist has often ridden to hounds with Gordon, whom he did not like. He thought him vain and a bit of ^ boaster. But there these are faults of genius. -'/The mouths of babes and sucklings'* again. A little shaver of eight years lying In bed with the light out, after a course of hob goblin stories "father, is there any really ghosts in the world?" "No, laddie; of course not." *'Then the prayer-book tells fibs." "How's that?" "It says there's Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." This reminds me to mention that another controversy is proceeding with reference to the status of the Church of England relatively to the [Roman Catholic Church and other religious bodies. I am not going to say anything about this dispute because I neither know nor care which side is right and which is wrong, but I can'4: -help. mentioning that Anglican clergymen who come of "dissenting" families are Rsoaliy the most bigoted efickliirs for the: supremacy of ** mother church." Take as one instance Canon Green, whose upbringing was Congre .gatiofiel, but who told his hearers one sight that no member of the Church of England could enter a " dissenting" place of worship without in the action commit ling a sin against God.. Another instance was supplied to ma the other day : A clergyman, whowas afc one time a dissenter even among " dissenting'* Methodists-so exceedinglow and broad church was he is now stationed in a country district in this colon;. One of his parishioners lives \- in an isolated place, and has a weakly child. ?The "dissenting worship-shed," as Bishop Thornton would style it, is at least a mile nearer to her home than the Anglican Church is. She explained this fact to the parson, and asked him whether it would sot be better for the child to attend the Sunday-school at the most convenient place. . "No," he replied with decision "It would be better to let her stay at home , _ than to allow her to do that." "So with you it's either the Chnrch of England or hell!" commented ma irreverent .bystander. The mayors report is a report which the Mayor never writes, but usually gets the credit of compiling. The Town Hal): staff-which is pretty strong just now if* the literary -way-prepares % and' the -mayor generally . contributes tile .chief autograph and little else. In this matter Mtv Tucker is neither worse nor. better than his predecessors. Anyhow, the last \- report which he can issue' as toe some time-at'least, was"i sent 'out tfe!:Sl£on ; ,4ay^ ^and it -is . very interestapg «ii£ tuie ful. -Adelaide is beeomiug- tjuite^a big ? place, and the City jPatberaare beginning -i; to put on airs with a vengeance. $hroagh | out the municipal year twelve guineas j eveiy hour by night and by day, Sundays 4 included, has-been spent in the city alene ] on buildings j. [the revenue received by the j-cocpo^on amounts, to an increase of j «£7 lOs. an hour ; the value of rateable pro t .perfy is estimated-to- be between ten and twelve million pounds, one baby, is born every eight hours in Adelaide; and a little more than tWo souls pass into the empy rean xa the same-time. And: this is the cream of the latest mayor's report -iOt ? v Mr. Tucker does not tike to leave the mayor's chair, bat he £anno<t iff common decency remain is it any longer at pre-' sent- He lias done his work weU^and if he. has blown his own trumpet ajtrifle loudly now and again he-has in that way only shown his possession of .average human nature. People eay that in the last year or so he. has saved' a fair proportion of his JSliOCO; salary, bat oil th&tmatter; h&knows; better than anyone else.- I am bound to-sayfchat ' I have never heard ham accused of stingi ness. Of the three new candidates for the: mayoralty, one named Stephens does not count. Nobody seems to know who he is or what he thinks be would do> with the mayoral chair if be got it. The other. two are Councillor Smeaton and Alderman , Ware. Thosgh th& present mayor is a child of this generation, while Councillor ! Smeaton is a child of light-church aad all j that-they work together in most public matters, and both are good nenchmen for the Kingston Government. Mr. King ston is anxious to see Mr. Smeaton win because then he could represent the Ministry on the Hospital Board, of which the Mayor of Adelaide is an ex officio mem ber. Mr. Smeaton hasn't any money to speak of-he's none the worse for that* though - bat Mr. Ware is a wealthy: brewer, with a deserved reputation for liberality, and he is as straight as a man need be in this sinful world. I am sorry to hear the report that Mr. Landseer, M.P., is likely presently to "cross the bar/' and that Mount Barker may want a new member in his place. I met him the other night with Sir Jen kin Coles in a tram car, .and he looked very well, and said in' his iearty cheery way that he was pretty jolly. Bat another attack of bis old illness seized him a few days after* and the genial "Father of the House" lies very low indeed. An ex-Father of the House is Mr. n. E. Bright, senior, of Gawler,- who is very old now, *but fairly hearty. Yet 83 year-old Mr. Tomkinson remains one of the youngest men in Adelaide, and seems con stantly to renew his yonth like the eagles. 