SHRREMARKET REVIEW. \- SUNDAY CHRONICLE office, Saturday. The market has been flat, flat, flat all the week. No business worthy the name has been transacted locally, with things but little better in Adelaide. The war scare has taken great hold of investors, and at one time duriug the week it was asserted in decided terms that war had been declared by Russia against England. In Adelaide this rumour was attended by so many apparently confirmatory details that a _ panic set in and prices went down with a rush. This happened in the middle of the week, and it is a matter for satisfaction that Friday and Saturday saw an improvement, due to re-assuring news from England. The London market, however, lias not' recovered to any-extent, and while things may be "said to be a little firmer, nothing in the shape of-a solid or active market is likely to ensue during the week. The following show the day to day prices of the stocks most in favor. It may be noted that in Adelaide General Gordans, after being dormant for some time, came into slight notice with a few sales at Is 5d and Is 6d. Mr. Dan Fitzgerald to a Sydney Snii'iay Time* interviewer :—" I remember an incident ou our first visit to Westralia. We visited a little place called Beverley, where there were only about 20' houses. We got iu late, somewhere about 8 o'clock. The whole of the combination helped to fix up the tent, &,c., aud the performance commenced abont 9 o'clock At that time we were just beginning to pri<|e ourselves on our billiug. The show was over about one o'clock, and when an hour later I went on to the hotel verandah to" have a smoke I saw a young bush fellow there, I naturally wanted to know what he thought of the show, aud asked him his opinion of it. 'Not much,' he said. ' Oh! And how far did you come ?* 'Sixteen miles.' That was Something, I thought, for of course I put it down to our billing. Then I continued: * Well, at any rate, we brought you a good distauce *' • No you didn't,' he replied. * I came to see my gi'rL' From the Loudon Pelican ;—" Nowadays responsible management is usually signalised by tbe paying of treasury on a Friday, which is a great boon to the rank-and-file of theatre employ&>, who are enabled to do their week's marketing on the Saturday before the matinees begin. On Friday night the curtain fell at the Shaftesbury (where 'The Scarlet Feather'is being played) at 11 o'clock, and in five minutes every member of the company had received his or her little envelo^jes of 'salary.' This is rather a change, for under former managements the ghost sometimes walked very slowly, often, indeed, into the following week, and sometimes had not strength enough to walk at all." Mr. Jules Joubert, the well-known exhibition manager, has wired the secretary of the Coolgardie Mining and Industrial Exhibition that he is on his way to Coolgardie. He may infuse some life into the semi defunct " exhibition " there. 