WAYS OF THE WOELD. By BOYET. Christmas once again! Way the day be far distant ere the good old-fashioned Eng lish Christinas finds a resting-place on that Forgotten Isle op the Kiver Time Bulwer Lvtton sang about so dreamily. There are some people with "hill- top" ideas who would take away everything that makes Christmas worth having. They would cast out like an old shoe those splendid twin sMids plum pudding and mince pies. What if they do require superhuman digestion— has not science stepped iu with bicarbonate of soda tabloids? Two of these brought to the rescue of the heaviest meal will give your stomach the working power of an ostrich or a schoolboy. Then again the Hill Toppers term, in their superior way, our wishing each other compliments of the sea son—^"rot." Now there is nothing more pleasant to a well-regulated mind than these dear old-fashioned greetings, and they are certainly crusted with time, but so is the pleasant query one hears every- i where on Sir. Baracehi's warm days—"Is this hot enough for you?" Yet wlio would i care tomissanyof these good wishes or kind inquiries? Only creatures with "hob-nail" j livers and cast-iron hearts. Then, again, j theie are the little folk to be considered. Could any parent stand quietly by and see Tommy or Tottie at the festive season wasting away oil ordinary every - day meals? Why, the very thought of such an eventuality gives one the- creeps. Think of the little dears as they come up after dinner, with their quaint remarks, such as, " Mummy, 1'se so full; just oo feci me," or, "I just like a duck, daddy, with all the '"tufting inside, and my pockets full as well," these an nouncements being generally followed by the sudden appearance of Jane with the uniooked-for news " Please 'in, Master 'tommy is sitting on the kitchen steps, look ing so very white." j No, Christmas must be kept up, or the nation will suffer. We can modify within reasonable limits many of the surround ings. The Yule log, for instance, can go, as we have a sun more powerful than any lire. The good old north wind and dust take the place of frost and snow. We have 110 skating, but we can play cricket, to keep u.s warm, with the thermometer at 100 in the shade. Frost bites are, of course, unknown, but the merry female j mosquito is a fair nipping compensation. .What, however, is really wanted in Aus-! tra'ia is a poet who can idealise the j pleasures of our Christmas, and we should j enjoy them ever so much more. It is j the poets that have made the old world ! Yule-tide so enjoyable tat a distance), with their songs of snow, and good cheer, and robins, and family gatherings, and pretty 1 girls in fur jackets, and irretly children in Dutch bonnets, "ics; pictures and poetry nil the world over for making a festival j and keeping it going. Ii seems now that the sudden return of the young Duke of Manchester from Aus tralia was a great surprise to his mother Sad sister, who knew nothing of his coming until his arrival at Marseilles was an nounced. He was sent out here to "for get" Miss Joan Wilson, after his .engage ment was broken off. Hut he has not done anything of the sort, and is anxious to re new the engagement. His relatives are trying to drive liim in another direc tion altogether. They want him to marry ] ■Jus cousin, Lady Mary Douglas Hamilton. JShe is, however, only in her fifteenth year, I So, in any case, some time must elapse }ie- j Tore any engagement is entered into. Lady Mary has an income of £50,000 a year, and ownsEaston-park,Brodrick Castle, and other properties at home and abroad. It is a pretty tug-of-war anyway, and it will be interesting to see which side will have their way in the end. During the viee-regal visit to Gippsland, j Carrajung did itself the honour of inviting Lord and Lady Brassey to a ball. One of the guests became seriously elated, and wished to fight everybody. For this pur pose lie took off all liis clothing, except boots and pants. He .also used ornamental expressions that could be heard for 50 yards. The vice-regal party left immediately after the dance they were engaged in had finished:— j TI1E BALL AT CARRAJUNG. , The lights shone o'er fair women, o'er brown and I brawny men. The floor was perfect (here and there); the supper shan' «t ten. The band was small in number, but, by Jingo, it could stay; And the toilets of the ladies arc still spoken of as "gay." Sure everyone was there— The Governor and Mayor, And the Bold Bad Mail of Carrajung, who said "lie didn't care." The first quadrille was over, and the swift fantastic toe Had waltzed to light refreshments; the ball began to go. Next dance the Kitchen Lancers, and the swinging went like mad; And the Bold Bad Man of Carrajung lost count of what he'd had. The light refreshments were The caterer's best care; And (be Bold Bad Alan of Carrajung still sampled here and there. The dance was at its very height; the nobs were vis-a-vis \Wih all the swells of Carrajung, quite affable and free. When suddenly a bold bad voice came ringing through the hall— A voice with light refreshment thick, "I'm going to stop tins ball!" It shouted "Idoncare," And "blessed" all who were there, And then it used the "nineteen stop," which tliic-kcned up the air. The Bold Bad Man of Carrajung, just spoiling for a fight. From out the light refreshment-room advanced, as well he might. Off went his collar, coat, and tic; off went bis shirt and vest; He wished to fight "the blooming crowd," both Governor and guest. To punch them then and there. One "D." he didn't earc For all the crimson-titled nobs, for he was best man there. We draw a veil, a heavy veil, o'er humbled Carra jung: A settled gloom is on tbe town; its "proper pride" is bung; The bold bad man has met his fate before the Yarram beak; His "light refreshment fire" had sunk, he liad to do a week. For the Social that went hung There's a motto to be sung; Never mix your light refreshments, or—Remember Carrajung. The prorogation of Parliament in parts smacks of "Macbeth." When the usher has discovered by some superhuman effort of communication that the Go vernor is unexpectedly approaching the Council-chamber, his appearance before Sir William Zeal, and announcement of tbe solemn fact to him and tbe surprised visi tors is suggestive of the lines— "By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes." j Then follows the announcement that His Excellency i6 absolutely within the pre-, eincts of the Council-chamber. "Open locks whoever Knox" at once suits the situation,1 and gets in local reference to the latest- ( elected member. "Peace, the charm's wound up" comes in well after the speech, the ceremony finishing with the President's afternoon tea, for which Macheth's lines are suitable— "Oursclf will mingle with society, And play the humble host." Practical joking, like the tick pest, is steadily on the increase. As a means of recreation, however, it is a trifle risky. The great humourists who pretend to be ghosts chance a great deal in their efforts to reproduce the manners and customs of the supernatural woi;ld. Then there are the lesser lights who, in imitation of Theodore Hook, send notes for 30 or 40 tradesmen, including tbe undertaker, to call at a neighbour's house on a fixed day, who advertise that Mr. So-and-So wants a dog, owner to call in person, tie opposite door- knockei's together, tin kettle newly married couples, put chopped horsc-hair and salt into beds, and fill the pepper castor with insectibane, all vastly enter-1 taining, and thoroughly enjoyable, except in cases where the great originator is dis covered. Then it is not funny at all. This misfortune of being found out happened recently to a youth who was playing it up on his own governor. He conceived the brilliant idea of putting a "surprise packet" in the shape of a pair of live frogs in the old man's bed. He i6 not spending Christ mas or New Year with the family. In fact, he is going off to a far country. 