iiiLPiimii)!. CHAPTER XVIII— (Continued). Sho drosBed and wont outkparcol in hand. , At the head o£ the Brompton road she stood hesitating ; she had not tho vaguest idea whero to go to soil such things. She remombored a respoctablo shop in Kenmngton Efigh-streot, where they bought old gold and silver ; she would try that. Her knees shook a littlo as sho wont in, but her faco was quite composed as sho asked for tiie proprietor. Sho looked up, as tho jeweller camo out from the back shop, and mot his byes straight and fair. 'I want to sell those things,' she flaid. ?' I'm an actress and of course I'm poor ; and I thought I might turn theso into money.' Tho man looked at hor, and porhaps the ?worn pathetic bqauty of hor face touched him ; at all events, ho nover suspectod hor of offer ing stolen goods. 'How muoh 'did you want, madam?' ho asked, inspecting them minutely with a glass. ' Two hundred and fifty pounds,' sho ?returned quietly. Whatever (Bhe said ho would beat her down ; it was bettor tOj ask a great deal. Tho man smiled. 'They aro; not worth it,' ho said, in differently. 'A hundred and' sovonty-fi.vo, perhaps, I might give, but I should mako V nothing.' - ? 1 Phyllida shook her head. ^ ' I must havo two hundred ponnds to-night, and they' nro all I havo.' Thoro was a lump in hor throat, It was her lifo that was in tho balanoo against a fow pounds more or less in a jowollor's books. With despair in hor o'yoB sho began to gather hor things together with fingers that Atiook. 'I'll toll you what I will do,' tho man said, quickly. 'My partnor is out, and ho does this business always. If you liko to leave thorn, and como back to-morrow, I can make you an offer.' % 'How am I to know you won't take out my stonos and put in imitation ones, and tell mo they're worth 'nothing?' At hor blunt question tho man smiled. 'TIicbo are our ,bankorB and our gonoral roferonco.' Ho wrote a name on a bit of papor am] pushed it over to hor. ,' You can lako your things with you and. ask thorn about us, and thon bring them baok, or not, as you like. I assure you wo would not ruin our ropuiation for a hundrod pounds' worth of iowollory.' . « There was no doubt that tho firm was re spectable ; sho had known that before sho camo ; and sho was in a tight placo : sho must trust soino ono; Ab woll this man as a Iobs honest shop. ' All right,' she said, ' I'll leavo thom and I'll come back to-morrow. I'm trusting you ?with all I have, you know.!1 ' Yos, madam.' Even his businoss-hardonod hoart WM^touohod by tho worn, hunted look of tho girl's boautiful faoo. i' I will givo you a rocoipt for tho things, and it you will como in to-morrow morning I will mako you an offer.' Ho oponod tho door for hor nnd bowod hor out, to go homo with a heart siok with isusponso. Sho could not Bit all day idlo, waiting^for ?what to-morrow might bring forth ; sho raiado hor plans on hor lonely walk. Thoro woro rooms to bo got at a vory small ront in a sido wtroot noar tho thoatro j she would tako ihom and movo in that vory afternoon. Tho ilat ;waB too oxponsivo, ond tho brougham every night cost a fortune Tho agont liked hor ; ho would lot hor movo out without tho 'usual wook's notioo, Sho and Anno worked hard indoed all that day j so hard and to suoh purpose that by jnight they woro installed in throe dingy, ifurnifihod rooms quite nonr tho thoatro. Thoy took nothing with thom but thoir olothos, for Iho ngont had bought thoir furniture, that fnrnituro Fhyllida had ohoson with such joy to mako a protty homo for Rosalind. But ovon tho fow pounds it brought might mako a difloronco of lifo or death now. Phyllida novor know how sho dancod that Blight. Sho did it, that was all ; and camo out ot tho stago door utterly worn out. Stanhopo wan thoro waiting, as ho always ?was nowadays, to boo hor into hor oarriago, i ' Your man's not horo,' .ho said, sur Jjriscdly, ' with tho oarriago I' 'He's not coming,' sho mmworod, hor iirod oyofl not mooting his. ' I don't nood liim. I'vo movod.', ' What I Has ho boon bothoring you again P' significantly. ' No, no !' sho hastily roplicd, ' Only I tlidn't nood tho flat any longor. I havo *ooms 'just round tho'oornor.' ' I'll tako you round, thon.' IIo did not boliovo sho was tolling tho trnth ; but,' after all, what buslnoss was it of bis P Ho walkod boaiclo hor, his capo swingin rorn his shoulders, w handsome a man as there was in all London ; but she could not look at him. Her heart was heavy to-night, and tears came to her eyas unbidden. ' You're very tired, Phil.' Ho had taken her arm in his. ' . ' I've hod a hard day, I've been moving, aho said, biting her lip to keep the tears back. Tho street in front of them was dark,' and down it came an endless ribbon of moving lights, carriages with' happy woraon in them, going home with kind husbands, with adoring lovers. Only she must live out hor weary life alone. It was sweot to bo with Anthony, out in tho soft night air ; horribly, porjlously sweet. Sho could not bear it. Sho stopped suddenly at a dingy door in a dull by-street, where there was only tho sound of the groat, thoroughfare. . ? 'What— hero?' ho said, very low, as she opened tho door. ' Oh, Phil, it isn't fit 1' l He looked round him. What a homo for Phyllida! Tho dingy horsehair furnitnre, the worn carpet, tho dreary gray walls. _ ? Her supper was waiting on tho table. Just a cup of milk and srnno bread j ho remem bored how Madame Konsky had bean wont to tempt tho girl's appetite when she. was weary with dancing, aud to-night she had danced six times as long as' ever she had then. ' Look here,' lie said angrily,' I won't have, it. You're starving yourself to pay; that brute to keep avvny.' _ , Sho had sat down by tho table and buried her tired facoin liar hands! It was only a ghost of the girl ho loved, who looked up pit, ^'HE'ra^o't'hnn'g^^ came hero because the other place was too far.'1 . ?,.'?. . . ??-: -.'.'..v ', v .?'??'' . . /, Ho shrugged his shoulders. ? , 'May I bring you homo every night ?' Tie asked, and then turned palo, ' , ' No,' she siiid. ' That was why I lot you come in. I can't spo you any moro. This is good-bye. I can't live like this, Bcoing you, arid being a living lie to you.' '' What do you mean ?' Ho stood bewildered; how was she a lie when ho khowall about .horhusband?' Thon ho tui'iicd j)alor than over, for with an uncon scious mo vomont ; of hor trembling hand she 'had knocked off a napkin that was Bpread over something on the table, arid thoro lay in its velvet bed tho great necklet of pearls sho had thought was imitation. Anno had tidily taken it off Maisic and put it back in its box, and in tho box' was tho tiny note signed, ' Ormont, lying open, ' You — you'ro not going to keop it ?' He waB hoarse in an instant. Phyllida stared at him, thon at tho poarlB. What a foolsho was not to havo burned that note. ' . / 'They're imitation,', she falterod. ' Thoy aro the famous Ormont poavls,' ho rotortcd. 'Tell ma, are yoii going to kdop them?' Sho looked at him, vaguely. Tho last wooks had boon too much for hor, sooing Anthony ovevy night, having tho knowledgo over with her' of his sheltering caro ; tho knowledgo, too, that every day was making him doarer, making it harder not to throw everything to tho winds and go off some whore with him, to betaken care of always. Oh, she was growing weak, cowardly ! ' Keep them ?' her voico flippant, mock ing ; ' havdn't T kopt thom for' two wooks ? Am I tho Purple Mask for nothing ?' Sfrinhopo lookod at her ; thon baok at tho shimmoring poarls, tho T)uko of Ormont'B letter. , „ - k , ' All right,' ho said, unsteadily, '' if yon don't want mo any moro, koep them. I won't troublo you.' Sho nover so much as lifted hor eyos to hifl face ; she darod not, or sho must havo told tho truth of tho awful burdori that was sot on ?her. Whon sho did look up ho was gone. CHAPTER XIX. ? IljL-aOTTISN aOLD. Two men sat watching tho olook in a dingy, untidy room at No. 20 Dunoan- stroot. Tho remains of a meal worosHU on tho tablo ; tho room was bloso ^vith 'tobacoo and beer. '.Twenty minutes to eight,' Martin said, savagely ; ' I beliovo tho girl has found out something and is not going to Bond the money. I was a blamed fool ovor to hnvo anything to do with you or tho wholo busi nosB. I'vo lost ray placo through it avid spont my monoy, and not a blooming oont havo I got.' ' _ Tho man in tho bliio Jspootaolos, discarded just .nojv, lookod up cunningly. ' You will, though,' ho said ; thoro's, tho olhor ono to bo worked if this girl's too sharp for^uB. As far as fools go, I was tho fool ovor to lot you into tho thing,' 'You couldn't havo dono a mortal thing without mo,' Martin roturnod with moaning. ' You woro wanted in too many places to havo gono on with your own gamo. You'vo only mo to thank Mint you'ro not in prison.' A cowod look oarao into tho onnning oyos ; wiioovor tho man was, Martin was his mastor. ' You neodn't bawl it,' ho said norvously. ' I'vo oxpiainod al) that.' Ho got up and loaned out of tho opon window. ' I don't soo her coming.' Martin jorkocl him away furiouBly. ' You don't want hor t,o soo you and blow tho wholo thing P' Lotting go of him sud denly, so that ho raolod against tho tablo. ' Got away from thnt window I' IIo anidown sullonly, whilo Martin took his placo and stared into tho squalid stroot. 'Ton minutes to,' ho growled. ' Somoono must havo givon us away, or 'sho wouldn't daro play tho fool,' A timid, fluttering knock oamo on tho room door. A girl oamo in, wIioro pitiful attempt at neatness was surely, out of placo in snoh a don. Sho was protty, too, if hor oyos had not boon red witlvorying, and a bruiso had not marked hor oliook. ' Aro you dono ? Onn I olonr away ?' sho askod. Martin turned savagoly, ' Can't you got out oC this till I call you?' ho roarod. ' You stay whoro I told you to stay.' ^ Tho blaok-boardod mau grinned. That wan tho way to treat womon. 'Oonfound that Nancy I' Martin said as sho disappoarod 1 ' I don't know what's got into hor, Look herb I iC that monoy doosn't oomo to-night you'vo gal to disappear and stay diBappoarod, Do you hoar that P Till I go't my Blmro of that fortune — and thon I don't oaro what you do.' His hoaror glarod furtivoly, but said nothing. Thoro was a noiso in tho'pussago, and both mon listonod j it was Nanoy coming back. ' It'a n parool for Mr. Jacobs,1! sho said to Martin. ' ' t Martin had tho prooiouH parool in Iuh hand boforo tho worda woro out of lior'mouth, ' i ? ' Who brought it?' he said, sharply. ' A district messenger.' The girl looked at him like a dog who thinks it will bo beaten; ? , ' Should I havo followed him ?' ' sho added, j ai« Followed him to tho devil, for all I cared,' ho brutally replied.. .'Now you got out and don't como horo till I cull you. March ! _ | Ho locked tho door and undid the parcel. The monoy was there, two hundred golden sovereigns, Ho counted them op the dirty tablo. This Wis better than going tn any ' fence' to sell stolon goods. The other man s eyes lit with greed ; he stretched out a dirty hand to tho money. ' What am I to have ?' he clamoured. 'You!' Martin laughed scornfully. 'Not a cent, You can go and skin tho other girl. That was the bargain. Ono for mo, and one for you. It's a pity if .Warwick's brother, can't get something out of liis wife.' If there was the .faintest, sound outside the. door, neither man noticed it; Martin wont on i 'I rather fancy my girl, too j she's gob some sand, though not enough to dare mo, ; fatuously. . . ' I've half a mind to mako her come and keep house for mo j she'll look bettor washing, the dishes nnd cleaning my boots than that mewling Nancy.' \ ' ,' , , Nancy Doyle drew d quick. 4-reath as sho stood listening outside the door., Who was the girl ho meant ? .How-dared ho. throw, hor aside for any girl ? She had 'slaved for ihim these months past, and got no thing but ;blows,i and'^curses. , She, stooped closer. ,te, the key-,' *nQ'Ior-*i'^'**^VT*?**'*wt^**^ ^trr*^^^'^*'' ??' ?-1'!--t ?' * -??'?*-'i ????-? it-'v: u. Two' hundrod pounds clear means you'ean enjoy life,' reflected , Martin, aloud ; ' koop ing clear, of course, of lindesirablo . acquaint ances. After all, you haven't been suchabnd investment, though I did got kicked' out^ of that, workhouso thing when I was coining monoy out of pauper's hides, selling them to medical colleges to bo cut up. It was funny that the first one that was misBed should havo been the only. ono that ovor was buried.'' Nancy leaned softly against the side of tho door; she folt sick. Sho had boena work house girl. Mr. Martin had noticed hor so much for her protj;inesH, nearly gono now, that sho had gono off with him whon ho left. The truth was that sho know too much that, moro than love, had made Mar tin burden him Belf with hor. But sho had novor known this, and hor mother had died in tho work houbo. Had bIio gono whoro sho heard him say tho others wont. 'Ho might havo gono off with ton other girls, and she would still havo loved him, but at tho thought of hor wretched^ druukon mother's ending hor lovo iurnod to ico. ' It 'wasn't a bad business whilo it lasted,' Martin yawned. 'Nancy's mother was a good job. I didn't, get many wompu.' Thoti it was true. ' I'll pay yon for this, Jack Martin !' she thought, straining her. oars, .' if I havo to wait ton years?' Sho slid noisolossly away from the door as she heard him rise, arid heard 'tho chink of the monoy as he tied it up, Who could the girl bo thoy talked of, and what was tho hold thoy had on hor P (To ha continued.') 