EORSEB AGING. By WAXY. If George Frederick was in a more forward condition on Saturday than when lie ran second, tho previous weok, to Bobadil, tho improvement did not serve bun. for he- was ..beaten .'rather more easily" by Mr. Wilson's colt in tho Ootober Stokes, 011 October 1, than iu the Narro Warren Stakes, on September 24, and thoy mot on the same relutivo terms in both races, Bobadil conceding 7 lbs. There may bo room for improvement still in the Carbine eolt, but to have tho ghost -of a show of -turning the tables 011 Bobadi), George Frederick must iuiprpvcatleust2llbs., or nearer 2st., between now and Derby day. and this is mora than tlio most sanguine of his supporters'cun hope for. Iu the fuco of . Booudil's immcasurablo superiority to anything of the year that has been seen in public, it is surprising thut so many as 17 rendered themselves liable ou Monday last for tho half forfeit for tho' Derby. Georgo Frederick was not only badly beaten, but bo had great difiioulty iu disposing of tho moderate Catspaw, whom lie only defeated by a bare hoad. Cocos was fourth. Owners uro reminded that entries for tlio Prince of Wales's .Cup, 200 sovs., U milo,i and Soatliport Handicap, 125 sovs., lj mile,' to bo run ut the Q.T.O. spring meeting on November 9 and 12 respectively, close with Mr. i Hyde und his agents at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, October 11. Final forfoits for the Canlfield Cup need not be declared till Monday next, October 10. I understand that the following names havo boon given : Gelding by Ormoml — Galatu, Galore : gelding by Ncwbold — Fiz gig. Fisligarth ; two-yeur-old by Corsieun — My Girl, Corselet. The Gaiiliieltl spring mooting commences on Saturday next, ri-hon the principal items are the Stakes, the Qiiiuens, the Debutant Strikes,' aud Toorak Handicap. The Caul- field Stakes, weight for age, 9 furlongs, filled well, with an entry of 24, including tho three-year-olds Giiuleon, Wooilliirk, Cocos, Picture, Renown, Repeater, Loe-. Motford, and George Frederick. The lnttor," who is not engaged in the Guineas, inuy bo more at homo hero than in tho Derby," but still he will not have it ull bis own" way, being opposed by tlio. best ol Cruvon's pair and Coeos, who finished close up with liiiri on Saturday, and was conceding 7 lbsiy The elder horses engaged include Bat talion, Tlio Chiof, Clarion, The Grafter, the gigantic Blnir, Massinissa, and Hymcttus. .Nothing stands out of this, lot, and tho winner is difficult to spot, biit I like Mr. Craven's- soleotinn (Gauloon or Wooilliirk), Georgo Frederick, and Battalion. Nothing wo have seen in public, has any cluinco ot' boating Bobadil with 8 vst. 5 lbs.' on his buck iu tlie. Guiiieus; mid as lie is 11 pretty certain starter, it seems idle lo dpmuss probabilities. Only for second mid third inoueyB tlio race indeed might -end in a walk-over for Mr. Wilson's colt, but tlio places behind him may bo filled by Mr. Craven's choice or Holster. Lady Lilian, winner of the first two-year- old -stako of the season — tho Marib.vritong Trial Stukes, 4i furlongs— ou Saturday, is engaged iu the Debutant Stakes to-morrow, and lias to put up a .lO-lb. penalty. Sho is by Multiu out of Nugu, by' King of the Gipsies — Ilhcu. by -King of the Ring— Noma, by Conrad— Timlin, by Brocket. Beyond suggesting that 'this filly might, possibly repeat lier victory, I will not attempt a. forecast for this ruco," whilo tho Toorak Handicap may tulce cure of itself. Lady Lilian was bred l)y Mr. J. V. Smith, Linwood Grange, anil sold as a yourlitig at tho Newmarket yurds for 45 guineas. Tho sum of £9, S6U 10s. went through tho machine at South Australian Tattersuli's Oi ub meeting, Adelaide, 011 Saturday. Tho prin oipal event of the day. the. October Cup, 1: mile," wosqvou in 2 mius. 12 1/5 sees, by Mr. P. C. Tuit's aged b.g. Trapper, by St. Swithiu— Prairie ltoso, 8 st. 4 lbs. , He paid a dividoud of £5 3s. The biggest dividend of tlie day was £24 9s.,- paid 011 Mr. P. Quiim's Ishmael, winner of the Spring Handicap, three-quarter mile, iu 1 intii. 18 sous., undor G at. 12 lbs. v Tho Squire of Drayton has soul J. Blaok-' lock a couple of horses to train for tho coming campaign— a fivo-yoav-old goldiiig by Now- bold out of tlio well-bred innre Fizgig, by Angler Out of Art Union, by Ferryman ; and a chestnut gelding- by Orniond out of Galatu, dum of Goldstum, Sta'mboul, Gaiety, and Aboriginal, . - Fred 'Blaokloolc has given his filly by Corsioan out of My Girl (sister to Pet Girl) to his brother, W. Bluoklook, to train at Hendra. Thb hominatioris rcceivod by Mr. Hyde, .secretary, on Tuesday, for the Q.T.C. Octobor mooting are highly satisfactory, totting up to 78 for fivo rnoos, or 1111 average of all but 10 per race. All the races fillad well, bar tlio Juvenile Stukes, for which only five two-yonr- olds wero entered, but tliero are 31 for tho Trial Handicap, 17 for the Flying, 11 for tho big money, und 14' for the Spring Handioap. Weights for all handicaps on Tuesday next, Octobor 11. The two-year- olds nomi nated for tlie Juvonile Stakes are tho Warwick youngster 1'unorod, by Anteros — Tjralin. ; Mr. Pnsooo Stuurt's colt Afo-eri-eiol,' by Arehic — -Xera ; Mr. Ohnpplo's ohestnut brother to Brazen Lady — namely, Brazen Boy; Dr. Connolly's Far Nionte colt, Lotos; Mr. Nathan's - woll brad ;Tompest, by. Araliio— Ozone,' by Navigator— Zephyr .(imp.), and ; Resonance, ri Kunioon bred one, by Littlo Bornio out of Tho Echo; , ' , Dancing Wavo, winner of the big handicap ftt tbe Nottingham autumn meeting, is a four- year-old filly, by Ocean Wavo — Dance, u fe-. spec tablo but far from first-class performer. She scored twico at three years old, in minor handioaps; ' at 'Gutwiok and Kemplon Park, and- tlie raeo sho won 011 Tuesday was of no great- ebnsequeueo. The runiier-up, ' Prosperous, a ohestnut filly by ' Grafton out of Prospective, won three' times last season as a tlireo-year-old, but is not very high olass, and it is probable tlrat tho Australian,' Aomena, whoran third, yvUs giving both in front of hor a lot of weight." Tho Nottingham .Handicap last ' year" was .-worth. £635, '-.to the winner, Ohiselhumpton, who ran the mile and a half and a fow yurds in 2 mius; 46 4/6 sees. ' - ' > . The Cosarewitoh Stokes will be ran on Wednesday next, 'and the .-Australian horeo Mormun is at tho short prioo of 8 to 1-, accord ing to yesterday's wire from London; . It was confended last season that Mr. O. D. Roso'sph.o. Cylleno, by Boriavista- — Arcadia, wus the best-of .his year, and (the omission of his name from tho Derby arid" St. Logor was gonerally-ragretted.; In the., -spring of this oen8on he faiiod at first to run." up to his two- year-old fdrip,; hut -later on hd'quito re habilitated himself in publio estimation, and on Thursday last sot the seal on his fame by winning the last of the £10,000 prizes of the year— the Jookey Club Stakes, A.Fjj lj mile —beating Velasquez and Chelandry in their places. Cyllone had earned a ,12-lb. penalty reduced by ono half by a 6-lb. allowanoc, so that he carried 9 st. 1 lb., or 6 lbs. over his weight for ago. Velasquez had a 9-lb. ' penalty, raising his weight to 9 sri 13 lbs., ; . wbilo Oholandry's G'-lb. allowance'' reduced: her weight from 9 st. l ib. to 8 st.' 9.1bs.| Until, the mail comos we shall not , know what startod in addition to the placed. trio,' but there was nothing very muob to beat,- tho piofc of the entries outside the' three boing: Minstrel, 1 , Dieudonnfi, Airs and : Grades, Goletta, Histoiy, Ninus. and Collar. . k ; The racing at Moorofield on Saturday and Monday was of mora interest than our telo-: grams would lend - anyone to- 'suppose. Charioteer started unbooked iri the Hurdle Race, won by the Saionnra gelding Men tone, and finished unplaced. . Mento, unbacked,' ran badly in the ; Moorofield Hundicap under a very lenient weight; lind finished unplaced,' a long way off tho leaders; and Rubydor, unbacked, finished unplaced in the Stewards' Mile. The ponies, played a vory prominent part throughout , the meeting, filling the places in foiir races, ,whilo in tho Demon- stration Handicap, on tho second day, Fitz- roy, with, tho top weight, 8 st. ID lbs., was only beaten half a length, giving the winner 8 lbs. arid over so many inches. Monto, with 9 st. up, started unbooked, and finished unplnoed, in the last rnoe of tho meeting, wen by t.hoNiagara pony Crimson, with tho'ponies Arden(9st. Ub.). and Thrift (9st. 7 lbs.) second aud third. . The Richmond River horses, Iridium und Truant, ran once or twice, but did- not distinguish themselves. The : first ' two-year-ojd race of tlio New South Wules season was won by W. Kelso's:, b.o. Lituri, by Golds- borough— Equation, with Mr. A. Gol- lun's b. or bl. 0. Blue mid Gold, by Tho Australian Peer— Colours, second, and Mr. A. Cumeron's b.o. Ktilingo, by Russlcy — Lo Grand's sister, Lalla Roolch, third. Eight ran.- Half a length divided first and second and second and third, and four lengths third and fourth. Timo for tho 4 furlongs, 62$ sees. Satanette, 7 st., wintier of tho Trade Stakes, G furlongs, in 1 mini 19 sees., from a vory largo field, is an aged bay niuro, by St. Swithin — Satanollu. Mr. Crick lodged a complaint against: the starter for leaving First Consul at tho post in the Two-year-old Stakes, 'but the stewards held that the starter, Mr. J. F. Hogarty, was in 110 way to bliiiue in tho matter. Hopscotch is said to bo in work again at Chipping Norton. Bullet. 2 years, the first of the Carnages) out of Zeph by First King — Ynrdloy (imp.), run unplaced behind Lady Lilian at Floming- toii on' Saturday, but wilt ,do better, as " Martindalo !' hints, wheu a bit more for ward.- Irish Stew lias been awarded sccoud top weight, 12 st. 7 lbs., in "tho First- Handicap Steeplechase, to - bo rim at G iuliield to morrow. Tho top weight is Tremolo, 13 st. 12 lbs.-' Third in tlio order of imposts is Songster, 12 st. 1 ' According to "The Vagrant," tho filly recently purchased at tlio Kirkham sale by Mr. J. Thomsoi., of Widdin, . uud whose sudden disappeuraneo gave rise to suspicion of the youngster boing stolon, has been found .smothered in a quicksand bed in a oroek. She had been swallowed oloan out of sight, and was washed out during the late rain. 