SEA TRAGEDY. A MURDEROUS COOK. A despatch from Newport News. Va., Oth November, is as follows: — The.U.S.S. Lancaster dropped anchor in Hamilton Roads this morning from Bahia. Brazil. In military confinement on the warship are five men of the crew of the schooner Oliver Pecker, whose captain, J. AA\ "Whitman, of Rockland. Me.,' and first mate, AVnt. Saunders, of Sandy Cove, N.S., were murdered at sea in August last. In the ship's brig close ly confined is Jos. Anderson, the schoo ner's cook, who is the self-confessed per petrator of the murders, and who after ward set lire to the vessel. The Olive Pecker sailed from Boston 27th June with a cargo of lumber for Bahia, and the story of this tragedy of the sea is told best in the words of the murderer, who to-night gave to the Associated Press the following version of his crime: "I was put aboard the Olive Pecker, a two-masted schooner from Boston to Ba hia, and had to serve the captain as his servant. I had good reason to believe that the captain did net taxe to me, and I was always in fear of my fife whenever he got into his mad fits. He had a dog which was always coming into the cook house and annoying me. On the day of our little difficulty the animal came inside and I threw a boiler of hot water on him. AVell, he howled, and the next thing I knew the captain was coming for me. I went to his cabin and he com menced cursing me, telling me that this sort of thing had to stop. I did not say anything to him, and he ordered me into his cabin to make up his bed. This was in the morning. "I made up his bed, and lie ordered me out with a volley or oaths. I saw he was in mean humor and determined to arm tain had some pistols ill his cabin and I went back to get one of them. Just as soon as I entered the captain fired a beer bottle at me, and seeing that 1 dodged it he picked up a pistol from the table and sent a ball in my direction. 1 had got my hand on a weapon which , was lying 011 the corner of his table, and. of course. 1 opened fire on the rascal. My first bullet took effect in his forehead, and the second one went into his breast, killing him almost instantly. I then went upop deck called to the mate, who was in the fore rigging. "He shouted down to me, asking what I wanted.'- I told him to come down, that the captain wanted hint in the cab in. He started down, and wh.-n he reached the deck I went for him. He was an old fellow, with whiskers, and I felt like smashing him with my fist. He looked at me as if to inquiie my author ity to order him about, and I levelled the weapon at his old hewliiskered head, saying at the same time : "Now, die like the dog you are.' AA'ith that I pulled the trigger, and the mate dropped to the deck, rolling to the port side of the ship. "1 then went down into the cabin, thinking I would be able to take the ship myself. I saw that the captain was a ghost and 1 came upon deck again. The mate was groaning and I felt ft my duty to put him out of his misery. On more shot did the act. I secured rite captain's other pistol, and after g'MU the mate a second bullet I started t,." ward the crew, who were aft, with a pistol in each hand and gave them to understand that I was to he master of the Olive Pecker and that the first man who undertook to disobey my orders would have to suffer the consequences. They carried out my commands without a murmur. "1 first ordered Uiem tc throw t lie- mati s body overlies: d. and then we went down into the cabin and hrouuh: up the captain's corpse, disposing of il in like manner. Next 1 ordered tli men to get out the oil and saturate tli-r whole vessel, fore and aft. in such a manner that she would burn up like . They did that, and then we got our belongings and prepared tc take to the boats after setting fire to tlie old ship. My chum and I went down in on- of tli boats while the other four men took to another. They pulled off in a different direction from us and we never saw tin 111 again until we mt iu prism in Bahia. They must have peached 011 us. for no sooner had we landed from the ship we had taken than the officers placed us under arrest and sent us to Bahia. "The Pecker was cne month out from Boston, and was within two days of Bahia when all this happened. She was a two-inasted schooner, and started out with a crow of eight." This statement was sent ashore by an officer of marine. The officer stated that when the men were thrown into prison at Bahia. the United States Consul at that port communicated with the Navy department at AA'ashlngton concerning the arrest of the murderer and his ac complices. and received instructions to place tliem aboard the cruiser Lancaster, which at the time was several hundred miles south of Baliia, and which would be ordered to that port as soon as pos sible. The seamen remained in the old prison at Bahia for four weeks before the arrival of the Lancaster. AA'hen the men were sent aboard the cruiser they wen: found to be so filthy and poorly clad that it was necessary to give them baths and new wearing apparel. The cook was ordered in irons and the remainder of the unfortunate crew were placed in military confinement. The five sailors are under the impression that tliey are being held as witnesses against the cook and will be expected to testify that he murdered the captain and mate. It is more than probable, however, that tliev will not only he used as witnesses against the murderer, hut will be held and convicted on the charge of firing a ship 011 the high seas. The other five men of the Olive Pecker's crew are AA'illiam Horsburg. Andrew F. March, Manuel Barriat, John Lend, and M. Barstad. 