The Outlook. United Methodist Convention. The Federal Council has arranged for a gathering of exceptional importance to take place in the Centen ary Hall on the afternoon and evening of Monday, August 8th. It is to be in no sense, we understand, a demonstration in favor of Organic Union. We have seen the programmes of topics to be discussed. They are such as every Methodist in the colony will welcome, being of an intensely spiritual and practical character. At the afternoon session, papers are to be read on the history, present position, and the future character of Methodism. Many leading ministers of the various Churches have been invited to speak. This gathering will, we hope, prove worthy of the occasion. The Centenary Hall ought certainly to be crowded to the doors. We may mention that the President of the Wesleyan General Conference, the Rev. H. T. Burgess, of Adelaide, has been asked to preside. On the previous Sunday there will be a general exchange of pulpits throughout the city and suburbs. Sunday Traffickers It is nothing short of a calamity that either our law against Sunday trading is woefully defec tive or the administrators of that law are afraid to do their duty. In every part of our city trading on the Lord's day is on the increase. We have just had our attention directed to one phase of this evil ihat is a positive disgrace to any Christian city. For some Sundays past a couple of Italian ice-cream men have planted their carts right in front of two well known Sudday-schools, just at the time the children were coming to school. Exactly opposite both these schools stand lolly shops with their doors wide open, and every inducement seems to be offered to tempt the young people to spend their pence in these places. We are given to understand on what we believe to be good authority that it is not an uncommon thing for the money meant for the Foreign and Home Mis sions to find its way into these shops ; whilst in another school we know of, teachers find it necessary to walk along certain streets with their scholars as they leave school in order to fortify them against the insidious temptations they have to meet. The people of this colony are either a very long-suffering or a very indifferent people. Which is it ? City Methodism. At the monthly Ministers' Meeting on Monday last, the new departure pre viously resolved upon was introduced with great pleasure and profit to all concerned. There was a good attendance, and the proceedings evoked a lively interest all through. After interesting reports had been presented from some of the circuits, and the President informed the meeting of the gratifying resuits of his visit to Orange and Bathurst, the Rev. W. G. Taylor was called upon to read a paper upon ' Some of the hindrances to our city work.' The paper was characteristic of its author. Crisp, straight, vigorons, and intense, it dealt with the subject just as the subject has presented itself to Mr. Taylor during his lengthened and now renewed acquaintance with city Metho dism. The hindrances dealt with were those arising from the high pressure under which city life is lived now-a-days — the intense addiction to business and to money-making ; the migratory character of the city population — families moving out to the suburbs as quickly as they can afford to do so, and subsequently taking little or no interest in religious work in the city ; the heavy debts under which most city churches are now labouring, and the constant appeals that have to be made to the congregations for monetary support. Mr. Taylor declared that in his judgment we are over-churched and over-manned so far as the city is concerned, in relation to our ability to support ministers in connection with those churches. Remedies Suggested. Declaring that he was no pessimist, Mr. Taylor went on to indicate the lines on which an im provement on the existing condition of things might be effected. Primarily he pleaded for an intenser consecration to service on the part of both ministers and people. The power of the Holy Ghost alone can solve most of our difficulties, and for that Divine anoint ing he pleaded that his brethren and the churches they represented should passionately seek. Then, as a recog nition of the necessity of adapting human means to current conditions, he urged the employment of specialists in city work, the extension of the term so as to allow full play to men of special parts and powers, and the adaptation of methods without reference io the old stereotyped order which did very well in former days, but was now out of date altogether. These on the main were the suggestions contained in the paper, and which were presented with all Mr. Taylor's verve and force. In the dis cussion that followed, the Revs. J. A. Nolan, J. E. Carruthers, W. W. Rutledge, R. Bavin, W. Clark, G. Lane, H. Wiles, and P. Clipsham took part, But the time was too short for an ex haustive or satisfactory consideration of the subject ; and it was the general wish that in some form or other the matter might come up again for treatment, with a view to something practical being recommended. Old Age Pensions. A visit to any one of the Government Asylums for old people is a depressing experience. Even more so are the personal calls of the indigent class upon the charitably disposed, and especially upon the poor parson. But the sight of those derelicts as they lie sprawling upon the park or in the domain is enough almost to make the angels weep. It is high time something were done to minimise this shame and scandal upon nineteenth century civilization. The Premier says he is going to tackle the question and to ' provide a system which will make work for the unemployed and give them payment in return.' Mr. Lyne has also been looking into the matter, and is in favor of a system of old age pensions. Which is the better proposal remains to be enquired into. But we hail with pleasure the prospect of an improve ment upon the present degrading and and depressing condition of things. The Government ought not to be above taking a lesson in social problems from the Salvation Army. The whole question, however, is hedged with difficulties and risks, and our Parliament will need to mind what it is doing. Womanhood Suffrage. The women of New South Wales are to be politically enfranchised. In his speech on Monday evening last the Premier outlined the programme on which his Government will ask for a renewal of public confidence at the ensuing election, and distinctly included 'adult suffrage ' as one of the items of that programme. A majority of the present Government are (according to the Premier) in favour of it, and if the measure is not made a Cabinet measure, it will have a minister in charge of it. On the same evening, speaking at Leichhardt, the Leader of the Opposi sition (Mr. Lyne) also declared himself to be in favour of woman suffrage. Both political leaders are, therefore, in agreement upon this point, and will probably outbid each other on the hustings without the slightest intention of doing anything beyond that. Melbourne Central Mission. There may be differences of opiuion —and we believe there are— amongst our Melbourne friends touch ing the character of some the Rev. A. R. Edgar's ' Pleasant Sunday After noons.' There can be none as to his ability to reach the public ear and to arouse enthusiasm among the people. On Sunday afternoon week a crowd, variously estimated as numbering from 6000 to 8000 persons, crowded into the Exhibition building Dr. Abrahams — the well-known Jewish Rabbi — was the speaker, who on rising addressed Mr. Edgar as ' My Friend and Brother.' His subject was ' How the old and infirm were cared for under the Mosaic laws.' Mr Phillip Newbury and Madame Spada were the chief singers, and last, but not least, the collection amounted to £71, of which £45 was given in threepenny bits, and £18 in sixpences. It is a gratifying sign of the times that a plain, earnest Methodist preacher can thus influence so large and mixed a crowd as was gathered together on this remarkable occasion. Two Millions for Missions. In a recent issue of the Mission World the Editor furnishes figures of the income of the leading Protestant Foreign Missionary Societies of Great Britain, revealing the gratify ing fact that £1,748,480 was contributed during the past year. This amount is made up as follows : — British and Foreign Bible Society (by contributions and sales) ... ... | £229,749 Religious Tract Society (by contribu tions and sales) ... ... | 137.123 Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge (apart from sales) ... | 36,523 Church Missionary Society ... ... | 331,598 Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (including a large legacy of £177,000) ... ... ... | 317,512 London Missionary Society ... ... | 141,330 Wesleyan Missionary Society ... ... | 132,227 Baptist Missionary Society ... ... | 78,546 China Inland Mission ... ... ... | 44,959 Moravian Mission ... .. ... ... | 26,114 English Presbyterian Church Foreign Mission (including Jewish) ... | 29,169 United Methodist Free Churches ... | 14,028 Church of Scotland Foreign Mission (including Jewish) ... ... | 56,155 Free Church of Scotland Foreign Mis sion (including Jewish) ... ... | 116,096 United Presbyterian Church Foreign Missions ... ... ... ... | 58,750 London Society of Jewish Missions ... | 38,841 British Society of Jewish Missions ... | 5,346 Church of England Zenana Missionary Society ... ... ... ... | 38,297 Zenana Bible anil Medical Mission ... | 21.210 National Bible Society of Scotland ... | 27,212 South American Missionary Society... | 17,000 London Medical Mission ... ... | 1,950 Bible Lands Missions Aid Society ... | 2,700 Paris Missionary Society ... ... | 29,542 China Christian Literature Society (sales) ... ... ... | 2,429 Trinitarian Bible Society ... ... | 4,066 We believe the amount given is con siderably below the actual facts of the case. For instance, the income of the Wesleyan Missionary Society is given it £132,227. This only represents the ' Home receipts.' The amount con tributed by the native churches them selves was fully equal to the English contributions. We have no doubt the same applies to the operation of the other great societies. Were the incomes of the great American and Australian societies to be added, we believe the total amount would reach not far short of double that indicated by the Mission World. We commend this fact to our friend — Cardinal Moran. lnconsiderate Shopping. A discussion is going on in the Daily Teleyraph on white slavery and early closing. We gladly join in the protest that is being made against the unnecessarily long hours imposed in many cases upon shop assistants. Employers are in part to blame, but the dilatory portion of the public are more so. In the suburbs the evil is particu larly glaring, and is wholly unnecessary. It seems hopeless to expect a remedy as the result of voluntary action. There are too many, alas ! who are indolent in their habits, thoughtless in their con duct, and in many instances indifferent to the rights of others. Hence we shall be glad to see the subject taken up in a wise and humane spirit by our legis lators. It is a crying shame that from any cause thousands of men and women (espesially young women) should be obliged to stand and serve in small, close, and unhealthy places of business from 12 to 14 hours a day. We cannot wonder if after a week of this they spend. the Sunday in bed or in the open air, and are not much given to church-going. The Church and the Theatre. Mr. Carruthers will not be much exercised, we imagine, by the on slaughts made upon him by a certain portion of the Press for his outspoken comments upon the ' Sign of the Cross,' According to the published report of his address, his objections were taken from the Christian point of view, and from that standpoint it seems to us his positions are unassail able. It is an incongruous thing that the most pathetic scenes in the history of the Church — the sufferings and con stancy of its faithful martyrs — should be made the subject of dramatic repre sentation amid the garish surroundings of the theatre, purely for spectacular effect and monetary ends. Nothing can be worse in its ultimate effects than the stage simulation of the highest emotions and qualities of our Divine religion. Where pleasure is imparted by such a performance, the effect is to induce a desire to go again, and thus the way is made easy to the theatre, and in many cases play-going becomes a regular pastime. We have yet to learn that Cnristian truth and service have ever been appreciably helped by the theatre. But we have had only too many in stances brought under our notice where the play-house, with its appeal to the sensuous and the sensual, has proved to its votaries the gateway to perdition. 