mems. from the metropolis. ritOM OUR OWN CORItERfONDBNT. Sydney, Tuesday. The Amoricnn Spanish war in tho ongrossinR and absorbing subjoct of conversation at th ? resent timo in this quiet and peaceful city t has dwarfed, for tho time being Federa tion. — at all events, wo are talkim; about war instead of Constitutions, and those who arc always active ill speculation as to rite outcome of great events arc not idle at the present timo. They ltavo added up tho strength, army and navy, of the belligerent Powers, with tho result that they have proved most satisfactory to themselves that Spain has not a ghost of a show with the Yankees. On paper, they aro no doubt correct. Tho resources of America whether as a land or sea Power, are so much greater than those of Spain that it seems likely to bo a very one-sided contest, but there aro those who think that it is not so inilatoral as it appears at tho first flush. Tito Spaniards ltavo somo up tn-dato ships, while it is said that the Amorican navy is a good doal behind hand, — a sort of bnulc number which, in actual warfare, will not count for much. Then, so far as the army is concorncd the Americans have really no fighting forco. Thoy have any number of men but they lack discipline, just as tlicy did at the beginning of the Civil War, when tho Three months' Volunteers skeddadlcd so ignomin- iously from Bulls' Run, and shoivod their backs to the Confederates. Still, all things considered, T am inclined to pin my faith to America. It has the men and tho money — whereas though Spain may have the former it has precious little of the latter,— and if the struggle is at all protracted, it must go under. Tho almighty dollar is a great con sideration in tho ease of war. Tito nation that can handle the red gold has an advan- ta;e ovor thu one, which is practically insolvent. Unless European nations step in, the outcome of the war will he that another State will he added to I lie American Union, and the New York Imodlurs will make a pretty penny in exploiting the resources and plantations of tlio "pearl of the Antilles." As tho date of I he general election approaches, the Premier is hedging, ho far as his fiscal policy is concorncd. The other day, a deputation representing the sugar groivors of the northern rivers invaded his privacy at the National Park, and put the case boforo hint. They did not find Mr. Rcid as stiff-nockcd as ho was in the Assembly, when honourable members he- sought him to think of the interests of those who had established the sugar industry. Those who can rememb :r his tone then will recollect ho showed a very stiff ttppor lip, and nssu tiled a do -idedly non-possum us attitude. Then he was all for a logically consistent Free Trade. Now, however, he speaks in a milder tone. He has, to some extent, he confosscs, an open mind, and will sec what call ho done to protect and savo tlio sugar growers. He says lie did not know tho industry would have been hurt or was so important. Of course, we all know this is unmitigated aotiseuse. His colleague, Mr. Y'oung, knew all about it, and so did some other metnhors of tho Government, for it is not many months since they told us that the sugar groivors were absolutely pleased at the reduction until tho abolition of duties was reached. They would then he able to Lake up more rouiuiierativu industries, such, for Instance, as dairy farming. Mr. Roid is very imlpably hedging,- making things a little better for himself at the general election He is now bidding for Protectionist votes, and if be continues hacking down at the pres ent rate, ho will be, before be pulls up, quito as good a Protectionist as Mr. Lvno. Tlio University Commemoration on Satur day was a very brilliant function. Society was fully represented and tho gay costumes of tho Indies made a very picturesque appear ance iu the Great llnll. The students were in strong evidence. Tlioy wore not so noisy or personally offensive as they have been— though one of their songs threatened to " bang Jack Want onn weeping w illow tree," because he had the temerity to be of a dif ferent opinion to Mr. "Toby" Barton, who is a uort of University detni-god. lie is au old graduate and a member of tho Senate, and the young bloods of tlio Uni versity look upon him as a kind of divinely coinmi.ssioiied authority whoso nod is to be obeyed. The Chancellor's address was good and sound, and His Excellency's speech was much realised. The University is doing fairly good work, though there is a feeling abroad that it could do better, It is not open enough. Thu lecturing fees must he dispensed with and the degrees, as in Mel bourne, must ito open to all comers, no matter whether they have attended tho lec tures or not. Sydney is a sort of Oxford- cuni-Loudoit institution, it aims at being both, and the consequence is it is a hybrid, with just enough of tho characters of both the English Universities to make us wish it was either the uno or tho other. Thu death is announcd of Mr. Joint Kitschy. Years ago, he was a personage in Sydney. Ho botougeil to a coruiu politico-religious institution, and on tho strength of this, lie found a scat in two Parliaments. He was member for Shoalhavvn, and although it would bo dilliciilt to find out any striking evidence of his representation, it can lie said be never said a wise tiling nor did a foolish act. This may ho only negative praise, but, when applied to a member of a local Parlia ment it is very high commendation indeed. Mr. Rosuhy was for some years a member of tho City Council. It is said the Premier intends between this and tho 3rd of June to make three more speeches oil the Federal Constitution Bill. Ilu will probably speak at Gonlbitrn, Mait- laud, and Batlmrst, It may he mentioned his colleagues are hopelessly divided on the matter. Mr. Sydney Smith and Mr. Gould are against the Bill, Mr. Cook follows Mr. C'arnithcrs, whilst Mr. Garrard has not yet made up his mind. Mr. Drunker has Baid nothing so far. and wilt say nothing, if ho can possibly avoid it. 'I hose, however, who know him best aver he will vote against the measure, being of opinion that it takes away too much from the people and gives too little iu return. He is also afraid that t lie sacrifices demanded of New South A ales are too many. There are no compensations. Whilst talking on this head, it may be mentioned there is a good deal of talk just now respecting tlio financial burdens "f federation. A recent interview which Mr. Coghlan had with a Sydney morning paper has thrown a lurid light upon the matter, and us his figures are altogether difiercnt to tltoso which Mr. Barton and some others ate putting before the public, there has been a demand that tin independent board of experts should be appointed, litis has been pro mised by tho Premier, Is is just as well to know if ivo are going into a partnership what it will cost lis, -and how wo shall financially stand under it. People are looking anxiously for the Board's report. Somo superfine gentlemen, whilst admitting that Mr. Barton has a right to ahttso and deny Mr. Coghlan, aro dreadfully exercised because that gentleman has resented tho charges of ignorance and in competence levelled against him. Tito now term opened at tho -Supreme Court on Monday. There was a gathering of lawyers, and tho judges looked very picturesqiio in their swagger robes and mi'dity wigs. Mr. Rcid, who caino to town from the National Park, attended the Court, wul unuouucod tho vosiuHtioii by Mv. Want of tho AttornoyOononilKhip und ht« hucccs- sion to tbo office. Ho was, tis is imuul in till pitch coiiynttitkocl. People tbuik> however, that if ono man can fill two such important positions, ns Treasurer and Attorney-General, that cither tho duties of the offices must bo neglected or that there is nn necessity for one of thom. Tho Australian Jockey Club rc- oponod tho Gunbcarcr caso, on Monday, and took a good deal of ovidcnce. Tlio ruHidt is that Mr. S. Ilordcn and bis trainer, Mr. Enrnslmiv, have been completely oxoncrated from all suspicion in connection with the caso, and that the jockey, who is disqualified for six months, had any dealings with othor people, it was not within the knowledge of either owner or trainer. So far as tho public aro concorncd, they should bo now satisfied, though, of course there is a certain section of those who follow racing, who think that because a nian is rich, ho iH not worthy of confidence. It is marvellous this moon- blindness which refuses to a thrifty honest man, who happens to ho wealthy, tho roputation of being straight und worthy. Mr. Byrne. Attorney-General of Queens- laud, has succeeded to tlio Premiership of Queensland, and as ho is well-known in these parts, he has been very warmly congratulated by his Sydney frionds. Mr. Byrno is a very ablo man. He had a most distinguished University course, and at tho bar his pro gress lins licon most marked, over sinco ho was called. Ho is a strong-minded man is Mr. Byrno, and far-seeing also. Ho pro phesied the result of the Convention, ivbcn interviewed hero twelve months ago, and warned New South Wales against entering a convention in which Queensland was not represented. It is now being asked what he will do, but I think there in no need to liuvo any doubts. Mr. Byrne is a Foderationist, but not ut tiny prico. Ho will not sacrifico tho interests of Queensland. lie believes, no doubt, in a United Australia, but not in a despoiled Queensland. The Secretary of State for tho Colonios has cablegr, uned to tho Governor, enjoining tho necessity for a thorough neutrality on tho part of all her Majesty's subjects in New South Wales in regard to tho war between Spain and Amorlca. This brings to memory how much the coaling and repairing at Mel bourne of the Alabama cost the British Government. In this littlo breach, tho mother country had to pay over six millions. 