A GHOST STORY. Glamis Castle Mystery. Only Known to Three. The mystery, or rather the many mysteries, )1 Glamis Castle, are so -currently spoken o£, In Scottish society that any attempt to make them public can hardly be regarded as an unveiling o£ family secrets (says the Glas gow "Weekly Mail"). As evening descends and tea is dispensed In the cosy drawing- room' of a Scottish castle or country house, the familiar topic of "haunted houses' seizes upon all with a sort of hideous fascination. .Various versions are compared, and In many cases personal experiences are recounted. In Chas. Dickens' days a writer to the popular magazine "All the Year Round", considered that the facts banded down to us regarding the ghosts in Glamis Castle were so au thenticated that she did not consider that they required to be heightened In their effect by artificial means. So far- as I have gath ered information on the subject, I can also _ bear out her statement. Considerable force is lent to the Glamis ghost mystery by two events which occurred some years ago, one of which I will tell at once. A lady very well known in" high circles, cultivated and instructed, clear-headed, and, perhaps, slightly matter-of-fact, went to stay at Gla mis Castle for the first time. She was allot ted apartments just on the. point of junction between the new and the very ancient part of the Castle. The rooms were handsomely ' furnished, no gaunt carvings grinned on the walls; no grim tapestry swung to and fro, making strange figures look still stranger by the flickering firelight; all was smooth, cosy, and modern, and the guest retired to bed without a thought of the mysteries of Glamis Castle. In the morning she appeared at the breakfast table with blanched face. She tried to look cheerful, but failed.To the inquiry how she had slept, she replied with a quaver— "Eh, well, thanks; very well up till 4 o'clock in the morning, but then I heard the KNOCKING OF A WRAITH, br a carpenter at work. If it were a car penter, he seemed to begin the day early. I must say the sound was so eerie that I was terrified." Her observations produced a dead silence. To her amazement she saw the faces of the members of 'the family be come deathly pale. She was asked, as she valued the friendship of all there, never to speak to them again on tile subject. They paid to her: "There have been no carpenters at Glamis Castle for months past." The lady, although she had been 'terror struck by thinking that the sound was produced by a ghost, had latterly buoyed herself up with Ithe belief that a carpenter had been working. Judge of her surprise when she was now told by the Glamis family that no carpenters had been at the castle for months past. Taking a walk in the gardens and pondering over What the family had said, she asked herself the question: "What does it all mean?" She heard a bronchitis cough a short dis tance away, and, looking over -the bush, she beheld an old man on his knees "beddin'." "You're busy," said she. "Eh, well, my lody, I'm like the Auld Kirk on a wat day- no' that thrang." "Have you been long here?" "Let me see, na. Ay! I cam' here the day afore' his lordship was telt the sec- tret." "The secret! What secret?" "Goad keep us, my ledy! Dae ye no' ken that there's a secret coneckit wi' Glaumis? Dae ye see yon woe winday, my ledy?" and he pointed with his small spade in the direction of the castle. "Yes." "Weel, yon winday Juclts oot o' the secret chaumber." "Why, Jt is' immediately underneath the room In Which I Blept lust night!" said the lady, with eyes round. "Ay, and did ye no' hear queer n'ises yestreeu, my ledy?" "I did. Knock ing as if a carpenter was at work!" "Ah, then, the auld deil 0' a ghaist has fagged at the dice playing, and has been strauchlln to win oot! But, my ledy, and he whispered the .fact — "it's easier for a caumel to gang through' the e'e o' a needle than for the Glaumis ghaist to squeeze through yon doo bole!" and his eyes sought the ground, and be resumed "beddin'." To what particular event In the stormy annals of the family the hammering as of a carpenter is connected is quite unknown, except to the members of the family themselves, but there are NO LACK OF LEGENDS . to account for any sights or sounds- in the magnificent old feudal edifice. Glamis Castle, or rather part of it, is of immense antiquity. It is, perhaps, the oldest inhabited castle in Scotland. If there be a tittle of truth in the tradition that Duncan was murdered by Mac beth there, instead of Cawdor Castle on the Nairn, some stronghold must have been in existence at Glamis before the Conquest, but arguments of this kind go for little. Still, this fact cannot be overlooked, that a ghost haunts the castle! There is no doubt but that there is a "Gla mis Family Secret," and it Is never known to more than - THREE PERSONS— the Earl of Strathmore for the time being, the heir-apparent. Lord Glamis— if his majority has been attained— und the factor, am impor tant. functionary on a Scotch landed estate. It may, therefore, be imagined that there is excitement in Forfarshire when a Lord Gla mis comes of age. On the night before his 21st birthday he is solemnly made aware by the extant Lord Strathmore and the factor of Glamis of the terrible secret to be kept by him Until the majority of another Lord Glamis, and also till the appointment of another fac tor over the property. Why the factor should be instructed in this terrible matter is a ques tion which has excited, and continues to ex cite, the Scotch mind to a remarkable degree. If the office of factor were hereditary, there would be an apparent reasom for taking such an important functionary into the family con fidence. But this Is not the case in Scotland as a rule. Gay gallants In lace ruffles, beaus, bucks, bloods, and dandles have until their 21st birthday made light of the family mys tery, and some have gone so far as to make after dinner promises to "hoist the old ghost with his own petard," and tell the whole stu pid old story in the smoking-room at night after the coming-of-age humbug was all over. This promise has been made more than once. But it has never been kept! No heir to the Strathmore peerage lins revealed the secret. On the morrow, when all looked for an ex planation of the terrible mystery, tliev were met by a courteous but cold refusnl. A sim ple statement that the fulfilment of the rnsh promise would be impossible, a request to say no more about It, and thus the matter has Ended so far. . A visitor stayed at Glamis Castle for a few days, and sitting up late one moonlight night, emitted a cry of terror. He saw a ghost stand Id a misty vapour at the wln- dowi - THE APPARITION, .With face white as the snow, and great sorrowful eyes, wished to attract attention, but vanished as if plucked away by superior strength. For a while the horror- stricken guest gazed at the window in the hope that the pale face and great sorrowful eyes would come again. .Nothing was seen at the win dow, but presently horrible shrieks rent the night air. They came from the thick walls of the castle. Soon a dark figure, like that of a decrepit woman carrying a bundle on her back, stole In the waning moonlight to the Window, showed her toothless gums, emitted a peculiar yell, and vanished. Not so long ago a stonemason who assisted at Glamis .Castle discovered, or was suspected to have discovered, more than it was his province lo know. He was supplied with a little for tune on the condition that he "steeked his tongue" and emigrated. The employment of a stonemason Is explained by the condi tions under which the Glamis Mystery is re vealed to successive heirs and factors. The abode of the dread secret Is In a part of the castle, also haunted by the apparition of a bearded man, who flits about at night, but without committing any other objec tionable action. What ciUnection, if any, THE BEARDED GHOST Jnay have with the mystery is not even guessed. He hovers at night over the couches of children, and when they show signs of wakening he evaporates into space. The se cret itself abides in a room — a se cret chamber — the very situation of which, beyond a general idea that it is in the most ancient part of the castle, is unknown. Where trails are 15ft. thick It is not impossible to have a chamber so concealed that none but the initiated can guess its position. It was once attempted by a madcap party of guests to discover the locality of the secret- cham ber by hanging their towels out of windows and thus deciding in favour of any window from which no spotless banner waved; but this escapade, which is said to have been ill received by those most interested, ended in nothing but a vague conclusion that the old Bquare tower must be the spot sought. It Beer - to have been forgotten by these harum- eca n mystery hunters that a secret cham ber might well be like the curious places of concealment called "The Priests' Holes"; but the only mystery is how the unfortunate hid den tenants could breathe In them. It. is IN THE SECRET CHAMBER . of GlamlB Castle that thie mystery is revealed to the next hqlr. and to the new factor, when one is appointed. This . much Is known, beyond all possible doubt. It Is also assumed from the stonemason's story, and the mys terious sounds frequently heard, that the se cret chamber is approached by a passage duly cli Keel with jmasonry after every visit. But what is tlie'secret? There is a well-known tradition In Forfarshire to the efffect that then3 Is a mysterious chamber in Glamis, the entrance to which is only known to three persons at one time — the. Earl, the heir appa rent, and the factor on the estate— and that "Beardie," the fourth Earl of Crawford, is confined within Its walls, doomed, as a pen ance for a hasty vow, to play dice till the Day of Judgment. It is hopeless to convert lovers of legendary lore from their belief by telling them that an authentic record declares that "Earl Beardie tuik' the hot fever, and died In the year of God one thousand four hun dredth fifty-four yoarB, and was buried wi' great triumph in the Grey Friars of Dundee In his forbears' sepulchre." But it would be wrong for the incredulous scoffer to conclude that the tradition as to a secret chamber is altogether ' unfounded. We have the best reason for stating that such an apartment exists, and that Its entrance is concealed, though the story of Earl Beardie's connection with it Is a popular delusion. Yet we cannot forget that our forefathers adopted strong measures in settling family disputes, and It is said that at one time, when a member had received the fatal wound, . he gasped, the awful secret, and made the listener promise that he would hand the secret down to his successor, and have that successor swear that he would do the same to his. In Scotland not to have a family ghost of some kind is rather a re proach than otherwise to a dignified race. The mystery of Glamis, it may therefore be Inferred, is something more than an old story of cruelty and bitter wrong. Two solutions of the mystery have been set forth. I will not venture to say .which is correct. One hy-. pothesis, woven into fiction not long since, is that the supposed ghost or witch, seen at the window was the Dowager Lady Glam is, who was burnt on the Castle Hill at Edinburgh. It was said that she was in com merce with the Evil One, and that her fami liar demon, an actually embodied and visible fiend, endures unto this day shut from the light in Glamis Castle. But the other sup position is that the secret chamber contains proofs that the titles and estates are either forfeit to the Crown, or that the owners are not the rightful heirs. These theories are so wild, that to accept them, one would have to take them with a pinch of salt. The Glamis myttery remains a mystery till this day, and round the fireside of many a Scottish home It has caused more talk and been the text of more ghost stories than any other weird theme. 