The North-Western Jockey Club. A well-attended meeting of the N.W.J.C. was held at the Port Pirie Hotel last night, Mr; F. Gray, J.P., presiding. The Chairman pointed out that the business of the meeting, as convened according to requisition, was to consider the advisability of reorganising the Club, and holding another race meeting. The Secretary submitted the balance sheet, which showed that the Club had a credit balance at the Bank of £101. On the Chairman's motion the balance-sheet was received. Some discussion took place as to the five years' lease of the racecourse which had been granted to Messrs. Easlea and Ker. The rent was in arrear and it was resolved that the lesees have notice that unless the amount due be paid on or before September 23 the lease be cancelled. The matter of holding a race meeting was then discussed. The Chairman thought the Club should hold, a meetings as it was in a good position with a substantial balance in hand. It was not fair to the public who had contributed to the funds that the money should be held. If a meeting was not to be held the Club had better give up the ghost. He thought the Club might still get the totalizator if influence were brought to bear in the right quarter. On the motion of Mr. M. L Warren, seconded by Mr. S. Mitchell, it was decided that a race meeting be held this year, on a date to be fixed, the amount of the stakes not to exceed £100. Mr. H. Sampson moved that £60 be given in stakes. By making the stakes too big the local horses were kept out, and they wanted big fields to make the racing a success. This proposition was not seconded, and it was decided that the stakes be £100, and apportioned as fol- lows:—Trial stakes of £10, Hurdles £20, North-Western Handicap £35; Second Hurdles £15, Flying Handicap £20, and a District Race for £5 donated by a member of the Club. It was resolved that the Committee fix the date of the meeting, and the distances and conditions of races, and advertise same within ten days from date. A long discussion then ensued as to the advisableness of reorganising the Club; and it was eventually decided, that all offices be declared vacant and a fresh election held. The result of the election was as follows:— Patron, Hon. J. H. Howe; M.L.C.; President, Mr. W. T. Gronow ; Vice-Presidents, Dr. Stewart and Mr. F. Grey, J.P. ; Committee, Messrs W. Player, F. Leverington, G. Knapman, S. Mitchell, and H. Sampson; Stewards, Messrs J. Duncan, A. R. Ewens, and A. E. South ; Treasurer, Mr. M. L. Warren ; Judge, Mr. A. A. Pearce ; Timekeeper, Mr; Player ; Starter, Mr. H. Sampson ; Clerk of Course, .Mr. T. Hannan ; Clerk: of Scales, Mr. S. Barnett ; Secretary; Mr. J. Campbell; Auditors, Messrs A. Watts, and D. Stewart. The Secretary's remuneration was fixed at 5 per cent. on the gross proceeds, Hearty votes of thanks were passed to the retiring secretary and other officers for their past services to the club.. The action of the authorities in refusing to grant the Club a totalizator licence was severely commented on by the chair- man and others. The Chairman said the sole blame for the club not getting the tote was due to the Chief Secretary. Mr. O'Loghlin had lived at Gladstone for a number of years, and had made a number of friends in the Laura district, and he had used his influence as Chief-Secretary to get the tote for them rather than Port Pirie, which had far stronger claims. The Port Pirie club was the oldest racing body in this part of the north. The Great Northern Club raced before it, but that had lapsed for some time before the different clubs now in existence started, and Port Pirie was the first to have a club, and raced under the name of the Flinders Jockey Club. Mr. O'Loghlin should be reminded that the elections were coming, and perhaps his action in regard to the totalizator would be re- membered against him when he next appeared before them. He thought the time was no far off when we should get the tote. It was absurd that Port Germein should be allowed to have it and Port Pirie be debarred. In talking to Mr. Howe about the matter, that gentleman told him that it was unfair that Port Adelaide, Morphett Vale, Onkaparinga, and the A. R. C., all within a small radius, should be granted special licences whilst they were withheld from places Port Pirie and Quorn. He could not help drawing atten- tion to the way Mr. Catt had ratted on Mr. Grainger's Bill. When here at the deputation the Chief Secretary he said although he did not believe in the total- izator he could see no fairness whilst it was allowed to be used in other places in refusing it to Port Pirie, and promised to support an amendment of the Act to enable us to get it. In the House he supported the measure, but before the vote was taken he received a petition from a religious section of the com- munity and when the time came to vote he walked out of the House like a downright cocktail. Another member spoke warmly on the subject, and said he could prove by hunting up the records that the Port Pirie people had a race club before the one at Laura was formed. Mr. Madley had told him that the preference was given to Laura simply because the authorities had been convinced that the Laura Club had gone on racing when the Great Northern Club broke up. He felt he would be able to show that this was not the case, and that the Laura. Club had no connection whatever with the defunct G.N.R.C. He hoped to get information shortly that would set all doubts on the matter at rest, and when that was forthcoming he thought the licence would be at once granted to Port Pirie. A vote of thanks was tendered to the Editor of the Recorder for his article on the Club's affairs, which it was thought would have a good result, and a similar compliment to the Chairman closed a very animated meeting. 