A REPENTANT GHOST. " So you actually believe in ghosts ?" re- marked Charlie Beavers, interrogatively, with an amount of flippancy in his tone, and an amused smile on his rather boyish face, to his elder and more sedate friend Robert Forder, as they sat together in the formers comfortable bachelor looms one evening towards the close of the last month of the year, discussing a choice blend of whisky (judiciously commingled with potass), and blowing curly blue wreaths from unim- peachable cigars. " I am bound to believe in them," replied the other in all seriousness. " What ? Do you mean to say that yon have seen one ?" " Decidedly ; I may say I almost owe my wife to a Spook." " Come, I say, old man, draw it a little mild !" " I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, very rarely mention the subject. I don't care about it talked about anywhere and everywhere. You understand ?" " Perfectly," said Charlie, all eagerness for the recital. " Go ahead. I'll be as mum as a-a-a what's its name." " Well, you most know before I secured through the influence of my father-in- law, my present position as manager of the bank here, I was pursuing the calling of an accountant in Gerchester. After three years' hard labour I began to feel my feet and think I might venture to ask a certain young lady to share my future lot. I was tolerably sure that I should meet with no rebuff from my darling, but there was a stern parent to be reckoned with. " I had made the acquaintance of Mr. Matthew Turnover, head of the respected and old crusted banking-house of Turnover Bro- thers, and Checkwell, through ordinary business intercourse, and we became in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sun- days at his charming residence in the park. He had an only daughter, Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I put the momentous question to the dear girl and achieved the success I plead guilty to have been vain enough to anticipate. " Then followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced no surprise when I told him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing two impressionable young people together. He was straightforward enough. Told me, al- though he had certainly cherished more ambi- tious views for his only child, it was not his in- tention to try to enforce his ideas if they were likely to interfere with his daugh- ter's happiness. Still, he was bound to consider the important ques- tion of ways and means, and though he admitted I had made rapid and substantial progress in my profession—if such it could be called—he at the same time did not consider the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify me in taking upon myself the res- ponsibility of a wife and probable contingencies. " He wound up by saying : " ' Although Eleanor, as you know, is an only child, she will not materially benefit through me on her marriage, as it is my fixed intention to withdraw no sum of consequence from the bank. My share of the profits—ex- cept so much of it as I require to live upon— remains in the concern until my time comes for quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanor will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But, God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or fifteen years longer of useful life. My advice therefore to you, is go on working as you have done hither- to, and, in three years say, you can broach the subject again, and if Elly should be still in the same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters cannot be arranged. In the meantime, there will be—at all events on my part—no difference in our friendship ; there's my hand upon it.' " You may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilant over the arrangement. Three years seemed an awful long time to wait. But I had the fullest faith in Eleanor's constancy. How- ever, I will get on to the finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. " About eight months had gone by, when one day in the middle of December, Mr. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was some moments after being seated that he was able to speak. " I anxiously inquired if he were ill, or was anything wrong at home ? " ' No—no one ill,' he said, slowly. ' The bank has been robbed.' " ' Robbed !' I exclaimed. ' Phew ! Have the thieves been caught ?' " ' You don't understand. The robbery is from inside. The chief cashier.' " ' What ! Bradley ?' I cried, in the greatest astonishment. " The peccant cashier was a Sunday school teacher, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know what besides. " ' Ay ! The smooth-tongued hypocrite,' said Mr. Turnover, with considerable emphasis. ' And he's got a good twenty-four hours' start. He was away on short leave.' " ' What is the amount ?' I asked. " ' A very considerable sum in convertible securities unfortunately. Anything like the exact amount, however, is not yet known. That is mainly why I have come to you.' " ' To me ?' " ' Yes. I want you to come to the bank and go through the books—his books, you know —as expeditiously as possible. We wish to keep the affair secret—that is, as long as possible. Will you come ?' " And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously. " Then thinking, perhaps, I seemed to hesi- tate, he added, significantly, ' It may be worth your while.' " ' I am at your service, Mr. Turnover,' I in- stantly replied. ' When do you wish me to be- gin ?' " ' To-night. Are you willing to work late ? I mean, in fact, all might if necessary ? Will you do me this favour ?' " ' You may command me in any way you like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea flashed across my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of him in return after the present annoying business was over and done with. " My future father in-law rose from his seat, saying : " ' I am very pleased you have consented t- help me so readily, because we can rely upon your discretion and absolute silence.' I bowed. " ' Then meet me in Duke-street, by the Cosmopolitan Hotel, at six sharp, and we will go to the bank together.' " I was at the place appointed just as the first stroke of the hour rang out on the clear frosty air, and was almost immediately joined by Mr. Turnover. " As soon as we were seated in the bank par- lour Mr. Turnover handed me a letter, remarking that the missing Bradley had caused it to be delivered in a somewhat mysterious manner. " When I read the note Mr. Turnover asked my opinion of it. I said : " ' The fellow is cool certainly, but I infer from what he writes—if it is the truth, of course— that there has been no systematic embezzlement going forward for some time ; that, in fact, he committed the theft in a sudden fit of tempta- tion. I see he mentions sixty- eight thousand.' " ' Yes, that is quite enough without the probability of more having to be added to it. I trust your surmise will turn out correct. Let us get to work without delay.' " We worked unremittingly till tea, failing to discover any defalcations beyond those al- ready known. This was so far satisfactory that Mr. Turnover confessed he felt much relieved and suggested an adjournment to a neighbour- ing first-class hotel—his club being too far away—to recruit exhausted nature. " We were let out by the bank caretaker through a small side door, and told him to re- main up till we returned. " Having done justice to an excellent little cold snack, washed down by a bottle of very excellent port, I told my companion there was no need whatever for him to go back to the bank with me, as I could do well enough with- out him—at all events for the remainder of that night. He assented, telling me not to stay very late. " When I got to the bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing to discover extended evidence of guilt in the absconding cashier's book. By this time, although the night was cold outside, the room I was working in began, by reason of the many gas jets burn- ing, to grow uncomfortably warm. I began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small clock on the mantelpiece, I dropped into an inviting easy chair, and felt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but as I had no intention that way, I struggled against the inclination by raising my heavy eye- lids at frequent intervals. " I heard a neighbouring church clock boom forth the midnight hour, and, opening my eyes, was just on the point of rising from my com- fortable position with the intention of resuming work for another half hour, when I saw some- thing that deterred me ; kept me, in fact, spell- bound in my sent. There, right before me a few yards away, appeared the spectral form of Westcott Bradley, the defaulting cashier. " There was a sad—I might almost describe it as a chastened look on the ghastly face as though the spirit was experiencing profound contrition for some misdeed the body had com- mitted during life. " I once more closed my eyes, thinking that when I looked again the thing would have van- lished. But no ! There was the shadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raised, the fleshless hand with its bony fingers beckoning me to follow. It re- minded me of Hamlet and the ghost on the castle ramparts, only I assure you I felt precious little like the impetuous Prince ; I required no holding back. I tried to speak, but the words I framed with my dry lips were inaudible even to myself. As soon as the shade reached the open door leading into the main room, I arose mechanically as though impelled by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after the still slowly retreating appari- tion. It continued to wave its ghostly hand until the massive iron door which led to the vault below, where the bullion and securities were kept in huge safes, or rather strong rooms, was reached. I quite expected to see the figure melt away in the orthodox manner. But a trifling obstruction of this kind was no barrier to the melancholy spirit of the peccant cashier. With an intense lingering last look of anguish and a final wave of the arm more emphatic than previously, it simply, as it seemed to my be- wildered gaze, backed through the solid iron- work. I can assure you I felt considerably re- lieved on being rid of the apparition. Further work was, of course, out of the question, so I summoned the caretaker to let me out, impart- ing nothing whatever to him regarding the strange experience I had just gone through. " Next morning I called upon Mr. Turnover before he left home, and recounted to him what had taken place in his bank the night before. I was not in the least surprised at my story be- ing received with a smile of incredulity. " ' My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but un- believing banker, ' you, of course, fell asleep in the chair and dreamed all this.' " ' Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover,' I answered, warmly. " Still, the old gentleman remained uncon- vinced. " ' Remember,' he went on banteringly, ' you had partaken of supper and wine—generous old port ?' " However, to bring my story within reason- able bounds, I will just say that by the time we had arrived at the bank I had almost convinced Mr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of his delinquent servant ; and he agreed, at my re- quest, that we should visit the vault together, ' though surely,' observed he, ' you don't expect to encounter your sad-faced Spook again, so early in the day ? ' When we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to open two large upright safes standing against the wall. " ' Everything seems as usual," he remarked, after surveying the interiors. ' Your spirit evidently had no particular tale to unfold, even if you had been able to accompany him here last night.' " ' Why did it beckon to me so earnestly in this direction ?' I remarked. ' By the way,' I added quickly, as my sceptical companion went about securing the safes again,' what of the big one over there to the left ; aren't you going to open that ?' " ' Oh,' he answered carelessly, ' that is an old one not in use ; has not been opened, I should say, for several years. It is empty.' " ' I suppose there is no objection to me hav- ing a peep inside ?' " ' Not the slightest. There is the key on the wall there !' " I handed it to him, and he at once inserted it in the lock, while I stood by ready to pull the massive door aside. " ' Dear me,' remarked Mr. Turnover, in sur- prise, as the wards worked quite easily, ' I certainly expected some difficulty.' " I pulled at the heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just as if it had been opened daily with the others. " The next moment an exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, as he started back several paces from before the front of the safe. " I instantly sprang forward from behind the ponderous door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. " Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected ! " There, on the circumscribed space of the floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was distorted and horrible to look upon ! The staring eyeballs and protrud- ing tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation. " ' Bradley !' " I exclaimed, as soon as I could find breath enough. " ' Yes, it is Westcott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, in a lowly, husky whisper. " There was no doubt about it. The sicken- ing spectacle upon which he gazed constituted the mortal remains of the man who had be- trayed the trust reposed in him by his employ- ers. When the body came to be removed to a place to await the Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket-books containing the proceeds intact of the cashier's appropria- tions were discovered. So the bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than I should otherwise have done. Mr. Turnover was kind enough to say that, as I had been the means of recovering the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was elicited at the inquest except the information that the lock of the dis-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Brad- ley, who had evidently been using the safe for his own purposes, had opened the door, then hung up the key in its accustomed place, gone inside, and in a moment of forgetfulness let the door come on the spring, and so made the receptacle for concealing his plunder his living tomb." 