CHAPTER II. The Goblin Ghost. There was a legend that nearly a hundred years ago a goblin had fallen into that river. It was said you could still hear his cries at times, and as the goblins were not very brave creatures, not one of them ever dared go near the underground river. Poor Soft Eyes knew of this legend, too; she sat there dismally enough, looking up at the perpendicular walls of rock which surrounded her. Presently she heard a well-known voice - "Follow me! Follow me! Look at my martial tread!" - and next second Hobgoblin and all his Ferocious Blues were peering down at her. "Ho, Miss Wallaroo, how do you like it? You can't get up, but there's a nice ghost of a gob- lin to keep you company. You wanted the caves, and now you've got 'em. Ho! ho! ho! Other animals have left their bones in the caves before now. What pretty fossil bones yours will be! Ho! ho! he! he! he!" And all the other goblins took it up, until the place rang with their hideous cackling. Soft Eyes sat with her head in her paws, and returned no answer to her tormentors. At last they all went, and she was left alone to starve to death. Then came a low, miserable wail. Soft Eyes sprang to her feet; her fur stood on end as she crouched against the wall of rock in teror, and listened. Complete and utter silence! Could she have been mistaken? No, there it was. She could distinctly hear cries of "Help! help! help!" and again there came that piteous wail. She shivered, and put her paws over her ears trying to shut out the voice of the ghostly goblin, but in vain. "So long, so. long,” it moaned. “Will no one ever come? All these years." Then again silence; then a wild despairing cry - "Is no one there? Oh, my brothers, come to me!" Now sounded pitiful, heart-broken sobbing, and Soft Eyes took her paws from her ears, and stood upright. Poor little, goblin ghost! How sad it, was! It did not seem cruel and spiteful like the real goblins, why then should she fear it because it was a ghost ? "I am here,'' she called in trembling tones. "Who are you?" "Oh, help me! help me! help me!" shrieked the voice wildly. "Where are you?" "In the river. Come to me!" Soft Eyes was not very courageous, nor fond of swimming at any time, and the water looked so gruesome, dark, and weird that she may well be forgiven for hesitating. Yet when the pitiful wail came again, "Oh, don't leave me! I've been here so long - so lonely - so desolate" - she sprang on to some rocks that stood out of the river, like stepping-stones, and plunged boldly into the dark, uncanny waters. Ever guided by that wailing voice, she swam slowly down stream, while strange fishes with no eyes swam about her, and rubbed their noses against her in token of friendliness. When she had gone perhaps three-quarters of a mile, at a sudden bend in the river she came upon two rocks, sticking up like a pair of compasses. In between these rocks was a miserable Goblin, so tightly jammed that it was impossible to move him. Soft Eyes tried, but could not. She clung on to the rock and looked at him in dismay. What was she to do now? The Goblin could not tell her, but the no-eyed fishes put their noses out of the water, gurgling: "Catch oh, catch! catch oh, catch!" Soft Eyes caught them, and poked them gently underneath the Goblin, and guided by her they wriggled and squeezed themselves in between him and the rocks. Now the fish were slippery, and at last he managed to slither out, and tumbled helplessly into the water. Soft Eyes caught and held him until he had somewhat recovered, and then he and she and the friendly fishes all swam back together. They kissed the fishes on the nose when they said, "Good-bye;" then they sat down on the ground and looked at each other. "Are you a ghost?" she asked, and he laughed weakly at the idea. "No, I am a real Hobgoblin - the leader of the Ferocious Blues. That is, I was all that a hundred years ago. I am nothing now, nor ever shall be anything more." Then he told how Hobgoblin, who was second in command at the time, was jealous of him, and one day had pushed him in the river; how the current had carried him down, and he had been jammed between the two rocks ever since. He thanked her many times for rescuing him, then began to climb easily up the straight wall of rock, but returned at once when he found Soft Eyes could not follow. In vain he tried to drag her up. "What shall we do?" he panted, in despair. "It's no use," she sobbed miserably; "I can't come, so I must just die here; but don't you stay." "It's no use both staying here," he said, after some moments of deep thought. "I must go and try to find help. Don't fear that I shall not come back, for I'll never desert you, nor leave you to suffer that terrible loneliness I know so well. Good-bye. Don't lose heart;" and off he went as fast as his thin, shaky legs could carry him. He had once been a most magnificent Scarlet Goblin, with sparkling black eyes; but now, though scarlet still, his skin hung about him, and his eyes had sunk into his head. (To be continued) 