A LUCID INTEBVAL Tiie riu:;^ ieerned hardly credible on Change: but 3 JO VTaisiiigham (of V.'alrlnghani Brothers, St. Swithin's. La^e, ;.C.) was desperately ill Thai most robust, cheery, and generous of lr.iddl;—aged city r.v-::>—a unique character" In h;.= extensive social circle, the piliur of half a dozen clubs, the life and entertainment •-f a score of households—was lying helpless on his back, pale, wasted, and delirious, deplored alike by the city and the West End. At an earlier stage in the illness clerks and brother directors bad called almost daily, asking for five minutes' conference or the mere signature of a document. "Impossible!" was the answer of the saered domestic. "Mr Walsingliam could see no one—couid not" even write his name." The stowed roadway of the grea L red-brick house looking on Kensington Gardens was trampled by a dozen pairs of carriagehorses every morning, while footmen glanced at the muffled knocker and handed in card s of condolence. Friends had the consolation of knowing that everything money could do would assuredly be done for one who in health seemed to enjoy no pleasure like that of giving—an elementary pleasure, no doubt. Bob Walsingham was not a man of advanced ideas, though what he had were highly valued on many commercial boards. A stanch adherent of the existing order of things, it would never have occurred to him to doubt the merits of large fortunes and liberal expenditure. As it was, while he lay, eminent specialists, for whom the hourglass ran in golden sands, met, consulted, and advised day after day, and, having carried off hundreds of guineas and recommended the expenditure of hundreds more, agreed that there really was nothing to be done but to trust to careful nursing and let the disease run its course. This they said in a manner implying that each individual of them could have arrested it by raising a finger had they not preferred another method of cure Miss Lina Farebrother—the brightest, strongest, readiest, lightest handed of helpful womankind, the pick of the great St. Stephen's Ambulance and Nursing Association—faced with serene selfpossession the responsibilities imposed upon her. Precisely because of her excellence and comparative youth, the censorious and slightly jealous Lady Superior of the establishment (such littleness do sometimes impair the utility of such admirable associations) had particularly enjoined Miss Farebrother not to forget "her pasition." But the. girl's plain dress and particularly deferential manner could no more conceal the fact that she was a lady than a nurse's cap concealed the luxuraince of her black hair. Mr Walsingham's sister and his two nieces—he was the most popular of bachelor uncles— bowed down to her lightest word or look; and in their desperate strait she ruled the house with a noiseless despotism. The patient's earlier remarks to her had thrown little light upon his immediate needs and feelings, obscured as they were by the conviction that he was the centre of an important telephonic system into which the correspondents of several English and American firms were pouring the most fatuous suggestions. "I wish to the d 1 you wouldn't all talk at once," he burst out; and there followed a rigmarole of disordered wit and wisdom, social and mercantile, the lucidity and precision of which failed to render it intelligible to Miss Farebrother. "If you want a flutter, my boy, don't touch those Spanish fours." A weary smile played over,, the wasted face. "Much better spend it on clianfpagne. Will last longer. . "There, there,", said the nurse, rearranging his pillow "Pay for it!" was the answer. "I'll be banged if you do!" His voice dropped. "The poor beggar's only got three hundred a year." His expression passed into one of more serious grievance as he looked hard into the nurse's hazel eyes. *T cah't conceive why ever they put you on the direction. . . . "You're quite -the worst banker I ever knew." As her voice seemed to soothe the patient she felt bound to assent to many of his propositions. She made no attempt to defend her character as a banker, but merely shifted the ice on his head. Pressed on an economic question concerning sugar bounties, she promised not to say another word in favor of "that d d 'Consumer,' " and expressed a gentle sympathy for Mr Walsingham's obscurer troubles! : No doubt it was rather trying to find yourself the drum of a telephone, when you had been brought up for the church; and he would certainis' wire the Hong Kong gents (omitting bad language) and say so. Such was the daily programme for weeks of patient watching, during which, the sufferer's eyes, when not closed in disturbed slumber, followed her with weary attention round the room. His delirium was of the kind in which the mind, like a fish struggling on the hook, alternately surged up io the light, swam near the surface, and plunged again into the deeps. There eamc a day—the fortieth or fiftieth, perhaps, of her charge—when his utterances struck the nurse as more remarkable than ever; for he broke off a warm discussion on West Indian freights to turn his pale face full upon her and say : "Come here, Ian a—your name is Lina. isn't it?" "What do you want':" said Miss Fare- brother, mechanically ; but the voice from the pillows went on : "And a dev—a very pretty name. I say. . . . Look here. Lina. I've watched you, and I can see w-iat a trump of a girl you are—the sort to make any man happy. Oh, don't you talk!"—he seemed to fear she should fill up intervals left by his exhaustion; but Miss Farebrother, robust and coinc-ly, stood and watched the patient, her hands crossed on her apron, but her heart, it must be added, beating a turn over the orthodox rate. "I'm a poor sort of a feller, 3 know," the voice struggled on, "but I've got the deuce of a constitution, and I shall pull through this all right. . . And look here, Lina; if I do"—tlie voice was very feeble now— "will you marry me?" The haggard eyes fixed her?. "Will j you? . . . " Not Quite sure how far the soothing policy of assent ought to be carrier], she answered, gently; "Well, well; we'll see about it when you're " "Will—you—marry—me V" persisted the patient, faintly. "IE you dr."—he interrupted another vague - expostulation—' I'll make you as happy as a queen. . . . If you don'r, I'll be- ill . . . . tor wieks and months. by And you'll have the dencc of a time, i ind''— the ghost of his IOSL jovial self wliispi. red--"I'll cut down your sere !\\\ . . Will you ? . . . Lina 7" Th? sufferer strove to raise himself, on his elbow, breathing with an effort, while intermittent color flashed into his face. Every moment of this excitement was making him worse. The nurse touched his arm and readjusted the pillow. "Very well." shesaid, "I'll marry you." But as the excited features subsided into instant repose and the haggard eyes closed, a sudden trembling rendered her hand less steady than usual. As the patient's face, averted from hers, sank on to the • pOiow. sii-:- i-.i-.vo "air.: &ay; (and th» | simple vVu:d= r.iiod her v. ith a sLi^ng-; foar>, "Tel! Lizzi-i not to forget that turtle-soup for the- Ciurkes." A moment later he was a?!eep. The nurse met Mis? Walsingham on the- broad, softly-carpeted stairs. "He's resting now." she said, and mentioned the injunction concerning the soup. "Olt," said Miss Walsingliam. "the poor sick parson in Bethnal Green. Did he say tluit? Then he must have been quite sensible." "I don't know." said the nurse, "he's been deal. talking a great . - about things in the city, and and . . , oh! all kinds of nonsense." Miss Farebrother blushed the blush of" health and innocence to the roots of her lustrous hair. The genial, middleaged lady eyed her kindly but closely, and reflected on the occasional freedom, even before ladies, of her brother's language. She took the girl's hands in hers. "My dear," she said, "I may call you tliat? We're rather—what shall I say—a sporting lot; but our hearts are all light. I do hope Bob didn't say anything very dreadful. If he did, you must forgive us. We shall never, never j know how to thank you for what you have done—and Bob, my brother, he is, I can tell you. the best, truest, kindest soul on God's earth." The gold-rimmed glasses slipped from the speaker's eyes and showed them flowing with tears. The girl, more professionally self-possessed, could not resist her motherly embrace, but mingled her own tears with reassuring smiles. "Oh. dear Miss Walsingham, pray don't think anything of the kind: and I Know, I can see, how good and kind he is. It was all nonsense, but he . . . be called me by my name, Lina, and . . - and asked me to marry him, and . ... and, to quiet him, you know, I . . . I said I would." Miss Walsingham stifled a burst of laughter in her laced handkerchief, but. recovering, looked more serious. "I don't know what Lady Adela Gresham would say to that; but—she need never know." The implied sense of this remark of Miss Walsingham's was not true; but she thought it politic, even kind, under the circumstances, and it had the basis of fact that she very much wished Bob to marry Lady Adela. One afternoon, after about a week of gradual but irregular recovery, the invalid suddenly and quietly awoke from a long sleep in a luxurious arm-chair in the sunny sitting-room. The sentinel was still at her post. "Is tli at you?" he said in the level accent of a continual discourse. There was nothing in the question, but its tone struck on her experienced ear as the newly tuned note on a musician's. Bob Walsingham had been quite right when he said that he had the deuce of a fine constitution. A faint color glimmered in his cheeks, and his face was at rest. There was even in its expression a spice of the jovial mischief which was to him a second nature. She smiled quiet professional approval. "You've had a good sleep." "I'll be dashed if it wasn't close thing," he added, with a mild air of self- congratulation. "You might havejjot on at 14 to 1, and made a ha t- ful of money; but it doesn't matter now, I guess I talked a record lot of rot. Where - on earth is the j daily paper?" For some absurd' reason the nurse turned as white as the margins of the "Times" she handed him. He was allowed to read a little now ; it was usually a. pretence, ending ; in a healthful nap, and she banked up the pillows a bit to facilitate the process. "By the way," said the patient suddenly, from behind the "Times," "where would you like to go for the what d'yer call it?—the—honeymoon?" The nurse had complete command of herself this time. A touch of excitement, of fanciful romance, had enlivened thfe martyr-litfe drudgery of her life. The Walsing'liams had been; kind, generous; but gratitude must never be confused with love; and it was.highly, absurd Of her not to have reflected—bef JJ C repeating the_honsense to Miss Walsingham—on its obvious explanation. As to the name, why "AdeJa" might be "Adeline"—and so many girls' names ended that way. It would be very improbable that he could have ldiowh her—Miss Farebrother's—own name, though his sister had affectionately called her by it once or twice. So. she simply said, wondering if lie was awake to hear it : "While you are away, do you mean? Oh, I hope you'll be well enough then, for Lady "Adela—" " Did the invalid "say a swear," as he had sometimes sworn in his delirium ? She preferred to believe" that he only muttered, "What on earth d'yyu_.know about Lady Adela.?"' i i* -i % beg pardon,murmured Miss^Farebrother: "T—I thought you " were—engaged." "So I am engaged," said Bob Walsingham simply; "have been for a fort three weeks past." There was no want of coljr in the | nurse's face now. ; •'Would' you mind picking up the •Times?'" said Bob Walsingham. He could quite well have, picked it up for himself; and it was not the paper, as she stooped and replaced it, on which his large and bony hand closed. "Lina," he said—she could not. or would not, tear herself away from him, though the grasp was no longer that of the helpless sufferer—"you promised, you know " "Oh, Mr Walsingham!" she said, embarrassed by her own truthful instincts, "J thought you meant—I mean " "You meant," he interjected — " and Bob is what they call me."' "I only meant"—her voice came in a broken whisper—"I only said that to— to make you"—the right words would not come—"to make you better." "It'll be a longish business," he sighed genially: "a sight longer than this fever, but I believe you'll do it, if any one can. There's Lizzie corning. You might ring for tea." * ' * * The convalescent was observed to chuckle a good deal over the first letter he wrote, which was addressed in a somewhat shaky hand to "The Lady Superior of the St. Stephen's Ambulance, E\c.. Association," aud concluded with a paragraph which nearly gave that distinguished matron a fit:—"Mr Walsingham would bo glad to know if any extra charge is made in the event of the patient' marrying the nurse, and in view '.',£ such a possibility begs enclose a cheque for Lr,00." probablv no more loving couple wete ever married at St. Peter's Church.but the shameless husband was often heaid to any in after-life. "Y-.n see. she d found om all about me. I ci-uldn t let her marrv any one else:" and quee„)v Mis Wal-dngham. her fine ban- ablaze with diamonds, would blush for him and smilingly own that during her engagement as"nurse she "had learnt tha worsj:."— !5 4 •'?t. James' Budget." Are we to understand (asks our London correspondent) that n new -industry is not going to spring' up in Australia. in the shape oC the exportation of the skulls of aborigines for sale in London": It must be confessed that the prices realised at. Stevens" Auction Mari this week arc sufficiently tempting. The head of a Maori brought 17 guineas, and skulls from Xew guinea ranged from 25 shillings to six guineas. A skeleton of the nioa was knocked down at 48 guineas. Spears and boomerangs also brought fancy prices. Holders of collections of native curiosities have a good thing that will increase in value every year. 