HAVE YOU NOTICED That auothur Melbourne Cap has been run and won ? That the French are climbing down over the Nile business ? That Copley has to grapple with his weekly ghost i« tlio shape of a fool-rule f That the Leigh's Creek Coal Company still struggles heroically under adverse circum stances ? That Kbit Zealand has scored again for progression by passing the Old-age Pension Bill? That it doeB not follow that those early birds with election advertisements consider the electors mere worms ? That when a man is working. for the greatest good for the greatest number he does not regard himself as one of the minority ? That it is proposed to leave the abolition of barmaids to the referendum ? The next move will be the extinction of the ballet by ballot. That a youth in New South Wales has died through smoking cigarettes after Saving his gums lanced ? Moral, stick to the pipe. That Ateours says hs can't see the neces sity for this Wages Attachment Bill, as the missus is quite capable of seeing to that ? That some steps Bhould be taken to mark the ushering' in of the 20th century ? Mr. E. Ward retires from the Legislative Council then, but is eligible for re- election. What profound sympathy those " Han sard " reporters must feel for poor old Guy Fawkes, whose anniversary is to be oelebrated to-morrow ? That sinoe Tommy Tuckout has heard that the Chinese Emperor refuses to take his medicine he has established this as a prece dent and refuses to absorb castor-oil under sixpence a time ? That the poetical politician iB bringing in a Bill the subject of which is generally eschewed by poets ? Let'e see, the introducer of I,ho guillotine was the first to sample Ihb invention. That the Adelaide drapers have got their departments so systematically arranged that if you want a pair of pants you just step into the paDtry, for a vest you go to the veBtry, and so on ? What a different aspect everything wears in the sunshine from what it does in the shadow? Well-matured black pants, for instance, which will look as clean as a wbiBtle indoors, but in the sunshine spots will show as frightfully conspicuous as a piece of cuBtard on a moustache. That someone is wondering how it was that Bougemont, born and bred a Swiss, and having had at timo of sojourn with the Aus tralian oannibala no connection whatever with England or things British beyond a few days' stay at Singapore, was so suddenly seized with devotion to Queen Victoria as to paint her colossal picture upon a rock and cxpatiulo to the wonderful eavages upon her power and glory ? Sir George Grey did not die rioh. The whole of the estate is valued at £5000 aud goes to his nieco. The crops have failed disastrously in Central Bueeia, and the peasantry ore con fronted with starvation unless the relief measures being taken by the Gavcrnmebt a'1-e'1 of sufficient magnitude to cover the distress. It is estimated that the distribution 'of £81,000,000 will be necessary to keep the destitute agriculturists alive through the winter. 