BONNIE BESSIE. "?_-=nie -9.'e" everyone caed her, and r.shtly enough; for of all the High land ia=sies who gathered at the little kirk on Sabbath mornings, not one was half so pretty and winning as Be?sse. Squire P.enfrew, of the Red Pass, was desperately in love with Bessie, and sought to make her his wife In spite of difference in rank The herds at the Red Pass were the finest and largest in the neighborhood: the barn and store houses were always well filled& He was a bachelor, something overv two score years old, and he wanted "Bonnie Bes sle" for his wife. - 'f -the lassie thinks she can fancy me," he said, addressing. Bessle'sgrand mother, as he stood under .the low, brown rafters of the little Black Lynn cottage, a hot flush mounting to the shining crown of his bald head;, "if the lassie thinks she can-fancy:me the bar gain's made' Tm ready and wlling to lead-her to the kirk to-morrow -and if a good true husband,- and; some .:gold and silver will make heir iappy, she'll be as happy- as a -queen at the ?Red Pass." Bessie listened -=with' wide, startled eyes, btirning cheeks and . quiverlnk lips . She held her peace;standing. tall and slim, In a sort of stunned silence, until her grey-haired lover had -taken his leave, Then he burst forth into vehement, passionate protest. The old grandmJother suffered hef to storm until her passion was spent. .'Wdll 'tis o'er now, and ye'll simmer down and keep quiet, mebbe, rve let ye have your say, and now I'll have mine. TWe're poor folk, me and you. I found it hard to get bread when I had but my own mouth to feed: and since rvelieen burdened wr yotryve gone to bed many a night fit to cry wi' hunger. Baut'rve borne it all; an' done my best, an' always been willing to g'' you a share o' my last crust." - "But, dearest grandma "'ow, lookee here, 'my lass," inter rupted the old woman, lifting her bony finger, and glowering fiercely ppon Bes sie; "if ye're fule-enon'-to?refuse this good -fortin'. that ends it 'twixt us two. You pack out o' my. house, and ne'er cross the threshold agaIn." Bessie was silent. The great world beyond the Highland peaks seemed so dim and far away, and the old , home scenes : were so familiar. The autumn days drifted on, and in the spring time she was going to the kirk with Squire Renfrew, and be -made his wife. The spring time came and the wed- ding day- was close at hand, -when, one evening, just before the gloaming, Bes sie went to fill her pitcher, as usual, at the rocky spring near by. She had ac complished her task, and lifted the pitcher to her shoulder,'and had started for. the cottage, her white, shapely feet twinkling prettily below the short petti coat as she stepped from stone to stone in crossing the little brairling stream, when suddenly she uttered a stifled'cry; and, staggering to a moss-grown boul der, sat down-and put the pltcherlhae tily on the ground, presslng'her hanid on her-heart, and trembling all over. "It's' hls ghalst: it's.his.ghaist!"shle cried, :"and oh, how sair he- looked at me!r - - - .Whatever she had seen, or fancied she badiseen;.there was :nothing In sight when she' next looked up: nothing, ex cept the overhanging rocks in the even ing light, and the -white birch- trees swaying spectrally against the sky. "He has come from his grave," she cried, glancing fearfully around. "I dare, na, dare na do it. Oh! forgive me, Jamie. that I ever thought o' It." She drew a silken cord, which en circled her throat, from her bosom, as she spoke, and kissed the slender hoop of silver which depended from it "I'll never ha' peace if I marry the squire," she said, "and I ought no to ha' it; I shall feel I am a traitor. And, oh ! Jamie, Jamie, after all, I love no one but you, and-never can." Suddenly she rose, with resolution stamped on every feature. " "I must give the squire his ring back," shle said, brushing the last tears from her eye. "It is hard on him, but there is no other way. Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you'll forgive me, dear." Leaving her pitcher there, she tossed back her abundant locks, as she finished this adjuration, and .went speeding away, through the fallring darkness,wtth the light foot of a chamois. - When she reached the Red Pass, the bright glow of the warm Ingle-side lit the windows. She approached the near est one, and pressed her sad, tired, yet resolute, face against the glass. A minute, and . she tapped lightly against the glass. The squire turned quickly, stared, and then started to his feet "Well, now, well, now, what's the meaning o' this?" he cried, rushing across the room and throwing up the window. "Bessie, my lassie, what's happened?" "Something that never should ha' happened," she answered, looking at him with a sort of desperate defiance, and drawing the gold ring from her finger as she spoke, "I've come to give this back to you, Squire Renfrew. I was wrong ever to let you put it on." "Wihy, child, what do you mean?" "Take your ring," she said. "You've heard of 'Auld Robin Gray,' maybe. haven't you?" "Yes, I have. But what then?" "Well, I had a Jamle once," she went on, clutching at the little silver ring suspended fromn her neck, a great throb of pain shaking her: "lie gave me tills, and I can't ever wear any other ring. He--he-went off to seek his fortune," with another suppressed sob. "and he was lost at sea. I tried to forget him: but I cannot. I can't keeip mIy promise to you. Squire Renfrew. I-I couldn't feel like she did to 'Auld Robin Gray-I should la?e you. I shilould." And liere she lroke down completely. "io," he said, slowly, "you have come to hell me this, and to ask your ifree dom? And you really think, tlo, you havne seen JamiE's ghost?" "Yes. And I shall never return to grandmother again. I darc not. So I am going away." "Bessie, my darling.. cried a voice, as his strong arm claspcd her. The next moment shit was on the breast of her lover, who had conme back alive and saft. A fCew days after there -a-s a happy marriage at the kirk. Squire Rienfrew llmself giving away the bride, our "Bonnie Besele."--"New York News." 