TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1898.; The Caledonian Gathering.—The Direo- i tore oi the Albert District Caledonian Sooiety met at the Institute on Friday evening to make further arrangements for their annual gathering to be held on December 28. Mr. J£. Melieod presided- It was decided to en gage _ a band of pipers through the Mount Gambier Sooiety to play at the gathering. The ban-l •will consist of eight performers, five of whom wiil be pipers, and Air. A. Bowden, of Adelaide, will have charge of the band, A j letter was read from the League of S.A. Wheelmen granting patronage to theoyoling events, and forwarding the UBual guarantee | for payment of the prize-money, whioh was signed. The Hons. A. W. Sandford and J. H. Gordon, M.L.C.'s, and Mr. G. Riddoch wrote aooepting the positions of patrone, and Mr. Riddoch forwarded a cheque for £1 Is to wards the prize fund of the sports. Mr. D. Murray wrote stating that he wonld be un able to accept the position of a patron as he would shortly be leaving for England. A communication was read from the Railways Commissioner granting late trains to be ruu to Mount Gambler and Kingston on the day of the gathering, and stating that mention of the gathering would be made in the posters issued. Mr. A. Oarmiohael (Luointfale) w.-ofc agreeing to aot as a judge of pipe musio and dancing, and Mr. A. MoLeod (Bdenhope), wrote stating that he would be unable to act j as a judge.—On the proposition of Mr. Laurie j it was resolved that Messrs. M. McDonald, i A. Carmichael, and Jas. McBain be appoint ed judges of pipe musio and dancing. Mr. A. Smith wrote agreeing to aot as one of the ju Iges of Sootoh pastimes, etc. A letter was read from the South Australian Caledonian I Society, Adelaide, on matters of general inter est to members of Caledonian societies in the colony. The pipers' band was brought under | the notice of members ; the proposal to estab lish one or more scholarships for the benefit of sons of members was referred to; and it I was stated that Mr. John Darling, senr., had promised the sum of £25 to start such a fund. Attention was also drawn to the fact that prizes of £5 5s and £2 2s were offered to mem bers for a story illustrative of Scotch life and character. A letter was read from Sir R. C. Baker, enclosing a subscription of 5s to the prize fund. On the motion of Mr. Laurie it was proposed that provision be made for the i proper seating of members and their families at the Continental. Messrs. Laurie, J. Campbell, A. Gunning, and the Secretary were appointed a eub-oommittee to arrange for the fitting up of the ground for the sports and Continental, with power to aot. It was de cided to secure the eervioeB of the Low family for the gathering. The Secretary reported , that he was arranging for stewards for the gathering, that the programme had been iBsued and ciroulated, and that when the Rail ways Commissioner _ was in Narraooorte him self and Mr. Laurie had waited on him in reference to granting train concessions for the gathering. An Equine Escapade.—A young man from a portion of our Never Never country who ! desired a change for a few days from the picturesque monotony of the bush furnished a ] little excitement in our town on Wednesday morning last. He evidently foeoame intoxi cated with the recent events at the V.R.C. meeting and imagined he was riding one of the winning horses in the oiaesioal events; but he picked an unfortunate oonrse for the exercise of his too vivid imagination. For ohoioe the ' first raoe be engaged in was the Derby, and Cooos must have been the horse he was riding. The starting post was at one tavern and the finish at another; but be made a grave error in the time he started his raoe, for the course he marked out for himself interseoted the ap proaoh to our Railway Station just when hun dreds of children and others were harrying to oatch the train for the Presbyterian Sunday school pionio at Hynam. In the Derby run he met with a mishap and nearly wrecked the Wesleyan Cburoh and the bridge between Kincraig and Narracoorto, but he was quiokly j on his feet none the worse of his fall, and ! mounting continued the raoe. At the end of his journey he must have thought his race savoured too much of the Caulfield Cup, and resolved to have a out in tor the Melbourne ! Cup on The Grafter, returning over the same course, this time without mishap. By this time the officers of the peaoe got scent of the little esoapade and not knowing what would be the end of his vivid imagination in riding famous horses in olassioal events they with more regard for his welfare than he had him self took charge of him and his steed, It is little short of a miraole he did not maim or ! kill someone, and he should be thankful he : got out of bis furious riding eso&pade; so well, i No doubt the young man will at another time take some other way of relieving the monotony of bnsh life. [This was held over from our last.] South-Eastern Land Board.—The South Easteru Land Board will hold its next series of sittings aB follows;—Border Town, Wednes day, November 23; Kingston, Thursday, November 24; Narraooorte, Friday, November 25;Penola, Tuesday, November 29; Mount. Gambier, Friday, December 2; Millicent, Monday, Deoember 5. Tonkin's Stobe at Bobdeb Town.—On September 14 last the premises of Mr. William Tonkin, of Border Town, were oompletely destroyed by fire. The stock was insured in the Commercial Union Assurance Company, Limited, for £700, and in the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance Company for £350. The inBuranoe companies and the insured failing to agree as to the amount of loss sustained, the j matter was referred to arbitration. Mr. James Gartrell was nominated as arbitrator by Mr. Tonkin, and Mr. L. L. Furner by the insuranoe companies, and Mr. H. A. Goode was ohosen as umpire. Mr. J. Ford Yuill represented the insuranoe oompanies at the arbitration, and Mr. Ad&mson; conducted the ' oaso on behalf of Mr. Tonkin. The oase occupied the whole of Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday. Some time prior to the arbitra tion Mr. Yuill offered, without prejudice, to fix the amount of loss at £700, but Mr. Adamson refused to acoept less than £950. The arbitrators failing to agree, the servioes of the umpire were called into requisition, and he awarded Mr. Tonkin the Bum of £1,005 10s with costs against the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance Company, Limited. The costs in regard to the Commeroial Union Assurance Company, Limited, being payable pro portionately by both parties under the pro-' visions of the policy of assurance did not leave I this matter to the option of the umpire, ! N ABE ACGOBTE SCHOOL BOABD OF ADVICE. , —Tbe monthly meeting of the Narracoorte Sohool Board of Advice was held on Friday, November IX, there being present Messrs A. Attiwill (Chairman), . E. R. Peake, and W. Macintosh. The minutes of previous meeting j were read and confirmed.—The Chairman re- j ported that the fenoe and gate at the Narra-..j ooorte sohool had been repaired. He had con sulted the Head Master as to the neoessity of J cleaning out the underground tank, and he hod reported there was no need to do it just ] now. The Education Department wrote, stating that Miss Eva Hogg had been sent to I take oharge of the Loohaber school vice Mies Boueham, who is on leave of absence till De cember 31, 1898. Miss Hogg wrote, stating that she had re-opened the school oh Septem ber 26 with 11 scholars. The Department wrote, stating that it was intended to erect a paling fence at the rear of the Narracoorte School. A letter was read from Mr. A. H. Peaks, M.P., stating that be and his colleague had waited upon the Minister " of Eduoatic.n respecting the enlargement of tbe Stewart's Range school,- and that he had promised to have it enlarged at onoe by one-third the j present size.—Mr. Peake contended that that | size was not sufficient, and itshould be enlarged by one-half. The sohool was increasing, and would likely inoreaBe in the future. Though tbe establishment of a new sohool had taken several ohiidren away the quarterly returns showed it was still increasing in the number of scholars and the average attendance—The Chairman said he was of opinion that the school should be enlarged to double its present size.—Mr. Peake proposed that the Minister j of Eduoation be asked to have the school en larged double its present eize, and that it be pointed out to him that tbe population was increasing in that neighbourhood and was likely to inorease; and also that the members forthe'Diatriot be asked to wait upon the. Minister to support tbe request.—Seoonded by Mr. "Macintosh and carried.—The Depart- J meat wrote, stating that Mr. Sobinokel had expressed his willingness to lease 5 acres at the ' corner of section facing Brown's road adjoin ing Magarey's paddook for the pnrpose of an Agricultural Sohool, and requesting the Board to report upon it.—In reply to Mr. Peake the j Chairman said that he did not know the terms of the lease offered.—Mr. Peake thought that they should have a special meeting of the Board to inspect the site.—A diaoussion took j place on the nature of the school proposed to J be established.—Mr. Peake said that the De partment had a competent man ready to take ' the management of it, and that it" would be ! independent of the Narraooorte school.—Mr. I Macintosh and theObairman thought theeite j very suitable.—Mr. Peake thought it would be too wet in winter, bnt probably it could be easily drained.—Mr. Macintosh proposed that they oonsider the site suitable and that they reoommend .it.—Seoonded .by Or. Peake and carried.—The returns of attendance at;the various schools in the Distriot for the quarter ending September were received from the De partment as follows.:— No. on roll. Av'g. at'd'oe. Hynam 31 27 Hynam South 29 21 Hundred of Joanna 18 11 Iioohaber 23 17 Moy Hall 12 12 Narraooorte 246 200 Near Narraooorte 27 24 Stewart's Range . 36 29 Strnan 19 18 Hd. of Robertson 24 20 The Chairman said that the average attend ance was not satisfactory, though it was a | slight improvement on last quarter. The total number of soholars on the rolls - of the various schools was 464, and the average attendance 1 was 374. The Department wrote, stating that sohoola would be examined as follows for re snits:—Hundred of Joanna, November 9; Hundred of Robertson, November 10; Looh aber, November 14; Moy Halt, November 17; and Strnan, November 18. The disposal of nightsoil at the Narraooorte school under the new scheme proposed by the District Oounoil was disoussed, and it was oouBidered to be an improvement on the present system, and pro bably would not cost so muoh. Health of the District.—'The Inspector under the local Roard of Health for the Narra ooorte Distriot reported at the meeting held on Tuesday last that there were no oases of infec tious diseases in the distriot. This he did on the authority of the Medioal Offioer of the Board. Notwithstanding this report there can be no question that there are a number of cases of measles in the distriot, and within the environments of the town. The epidemic has been prevalent throughout the Australian colonies for some time, and it is wonderful how the South-East has esoaped so long, but it i* as well to note that sometimf s official reports cannot be relied upon. We are pleased to say that the epidemic so far as Narraooorte is con cerned is of a mild character, and probably this is the reason why no caeeB o&me; under the notice of the Medical Officer of the Board. Benefit to an Old Nabbacoobte Ama teur.—On Wednesday evening, Ootober 19, a complimentary benefit entertainment was tendered by the Petersburg Dramatio and Musioal Society to Mr. T. Wallaoe, whose histrionic talents are well known to the resi dents of Narraooorte.. . The piece staged was "OldPhil's Birthday," Mr. Wallace appear ing in the title role of Phil. The Petersburg Times in referring to the benefit writes:—"On Wednesday evening (show night), tbe mem bers of the Petersburg Dramatio and Musioal Sooiety tendered a complimentary benefit to Mr. T. Wallace, in recognition of the valuable , services rendered by him to the Sooiety during the past seven years. During this period Mr. Wallaoe has proved himself to be a most aotive and versatile member of the club, and so thoroughly has he ingratiated himself into the favor of the amusement loving public that any oast of characters now seems incomplete with out his name—indeed, he may be regarded al most as. indispensable to the Sooiety as the] ghost to the production of Hamlet. Mr. Wallace oame to Petersburg with an estab lished reputation from Narracoorte, where he had been the life and sonl ofthe local Dramatic Sooiety, including as it did, some of the best talent in the South-EaBt. From the first it waB seen that Petersburg bad sectored a prize, and his arrival marked a new era in local ama teur dramatics. During the years that have passed Mr. Wallace has never spared himself, and many philanthropic movements have been largely helped along by his efforts. The bene fit tendered on this oooasion was therefore a graceful compliment on the part of his fellow Thespians, whilst the splendid house showed that tbe Sooiety'a aotion met popular ap proval." We are sore Mr. Wallace's many friends in Narraooorte, especially those with whom he was more olosely associated in mnsio and the drama, will be pleased to hear that he still retains his reputation in the northern town. Nabbacoobte Stock Mabkbt.—Mr. L. De Garis held his monthly sale of stock on Friday afternoon, November 11. There was a good attendanoe of buyers. There were yarded 2,400 sheep, and all bat 350 were sold. The following sales were effected:—150 aged merino wethers, 4s; 180 4 and S;tooth cross breds, in wool, 8s 3d ; 700 4, 6, and 8-tooth merinos, in wool, 7s 6d ; 145 aged ewes, 3s 3d ; 150 lambs, unshorn, 2s 5d; 340 one-year-old . Narraooorte Station wethers, shorn, 5s ; 529 4- : tooth ewes, 5s 6d. There was no sale for j horses or store cattle. Cows in lull millr brought from £3 to Si 5s eacth Tbajjsfeb of Leases.—Applications have been made to transfer the following leases:— ! Forest lease of section 142, hundred of Riddoch, From S. J. Richards, of Tantanoola, to Chas. Cameron of Mount, Main tyre; per petual, hundred of Rivoli Bay, from M. Hogan (administratrix in tbe estate of J, Hogan), to E. W. McDonald; homestead, hundred of Narraooorte, from Ellen Wynes to D. Kay, jnr. The Wolseley School.— The parents of | childrer. attending Wolseley Public School have, through Messrs. A. D. Handyside and j A. H. Peake, the members for the district, petitioned the Minister of Education to in orease the accommodation at the school. There are 86 soholars on the roll, and tbe sohoolroom is only 30 ft. by 15 ft. It was ex- | plained that the teacher's residenos also needed another room and a verandah. The Ideal Company.—We remind our townspeople that the Miss Alice Delisser Ideal Company will perform to-night in the lustitute Hall. Writing of their entertainment the Hamilton Spectator says:—"The performance partook of the nature of a variety entertain ment, consisting of singing, dancing, and in strumental music, including some nigger minstrels. The vooal portion was well sus tained by Mibs Alice Delisser, who was much applauded for her rendering of "Love's Serenade;" and by Mr. S. La Mert in "The song that will live for ever." Miss Connie Norman and Miss Eva Wilson were also well received; but these two ladies, especially the latter, fairly brought down the house with their dancing, in which they greatly excelled, their high-flying taking immensely with the greater portion of the audience. The gem of the whole entertainment was undoubtedly the performance of Mr. Pete Miller, the musioal moke, on his queer instruments." J Auction Sales.—On Fridav Mr T. I DeGaria will hold an auction eale of farm implements and stock at Mr. Lemke's farm on the Border Town road; on Saturday Mr De Cans will offer Mr. Wynea'afarmi^pWe^' etook, furniture, eto., by publio action, at his farm on_the Penola road; and next Saturday Mr. J. Lambert will auotion atook, furniture I etc., at Bordor Town on behalf of Mr. G s' Soott. ' A cricket match was to have been played yasterd.vy between the Narraooorteand Mount ] Gain bier team-, but the Mount Oiub could not organize an eleven to oome up, bo the matoh fell through. To-hohbow evening a sixpenny conoert will ] be given in St. Paul's schoolroom, when a well arranged programme of a varied oharaoter will I be presented. The after piece " Borrowed Plumes" will be staged. [ Yesterday was a semi-holiday in Narra-1 ooorte. The post office and banks were closed, but the business places were open as usual. The weather was tine, but blowy. There I were no speoial attractions for holiday i makers. 1 Wesleyan Sunday School Anniversary. —On Sunday last anniversary servioes in oon nection with the Wesleyan Sunday Sohool were held in the Church. The interior of the building was nioely decorated with flowers and greenery, and the children were seated on tiers of forma erected at the top end of the Cbnroh. Three servioes were held during the day, all of them being conducted by the Rev. A. H. Carne, and the attendances were good. Ap-: propriate disoouraea were delivered "at all the i services, and suitable hymns were sung. At j the evening servioe there was a very large at ' tendance, and the Rev. A- H. Oarne founded the subject of his remarks on part of the 10th verse of the 119th Psalm— "With my whole heart have I sought thee." The preacher i direoted his remarks principally to young men. ! I In our present days, he said, most of the j young men had no definite purpose in life; ; they lived just simply to exiBt and did not i seem to trouble as to what was to be their j future destiny. They hadnodesiretoseekafter I that whiohmightimprovetheirmindsorelevate their characters. To live such a life was con temptible. It was only right that we should all have desires in life, but the ohief desire of | man should be to seek after God. This was the only way by which men oould be elevated in charaoter, and could obtain satisfaction and contentment. The rev. gentleman compared lives of several great men of our times. He referred to those, who "with all their genius, had only sought after pleasures andlustBof the world, and those men who had sought after God with all their talents and greatness. He pictured the lives of Napoleon, Byron and Bismarck againBt suoh lives as those of John Milton, Gladstone* and others who had taken as their guide in life the true God. He ex horted the young men especially to. take God as their guide, to have noine definite purpose in living, and above all to seek with whole heartedness after God. and then -their lives would be a pleasure and a credit to themselves as well as others. During the evening the ohoir sang an anthem. Last evening a publio meeting was held in the Church, and on Wednesday the annual sohool pionio will be held. Drought-Distressed Farmers' Fund.— The big success of the fond raised for the suc cour of the distressed farmers in the North through the failure of their orops for a succes sion of years is a splendid testimony to the praotioalj sympathy South Australians have fortbeir neighbors when-in sore distress- The. fund amounted to £10,710 17s 7d, and it is interestingto know how it was expended. In an exhaustive report prepared by the Central Committee in Adelaide and published the manner in_ which the money reoeived was expended ^ is shown in marvellously clear detail. Since the inoeption of the fund 2,748 applications for food relief have been received at the central offioe, and rations to the value of over £6,090 granted to the applioants, the food thus distributed being equivalent to a full three-months' supply for 16,092 adults and ohildren. When the horse-fodder relief dis tribution took place early in 1897 the central office expended £3,000 6s ldnpon it,and all recipients gave promissory-notes for the re payment of their individual grants, whioh were made payable on January 20 last. Owing, however, to the continuance of the drought throughout most of the districts very few farmers were able to take up their promissory notes, consequently only £160 15s 3d was re oeived. Oa the advioe of the various local committees, the central office extended the time for payment of the promissory-notes until January 20, 1899. The various local oommittees distributed 500 tons of food relief and 600 tons of horse feed without any short ages in their stocks, and the expenses incurred by them in distributing this large quantity amounted to £9 8s Id and £17 lis ,6d re spectively. There is a cash balance of £1,360 Btill in hand with £2,839 10a lOd due on promissory - notes for - horse - feed. At a meeting of the General Committee held" in Adelaide on Tuesday, November 8, state ments from the lo--al committees were Tead, showing that in several northern districts it will be necessary to continue the relief, and it was determined to maintain the central dis tributing committee in power in order to assist the looal committees in the direction of forming a union of farmers to help themselves in oases of distress. The Distributing Com mittee were authorised to give a money bonus and a small silver medal to eaoh of the country Hon. Secretaries in recognition of their zealous, gratuitous services, and a bonus of £30 was voted to the Assistant Secretary, Mr. Driffield, for his able and faithful disoharge of his duties. Lands Allotted.— The following lands have been allotted:— Ordinary lands—Seotion 9, Hundred of Mobilong, 337 aores, annual rent 14s 2d, purchase money £26 7s 6d, right of purchase, J. H. Coome. Homestead— | Seotion 270, Hundred of Joyce, 6} aores, annual rent, 3s 5d, purchase money, £6 15s, right of purchase, F. B. Harrip. Leases Cancelled.—The following leasee have been cancelled :—Homestead—Sections 847-9, hundred of Mount Muirhead, W. Gidd- 1 ings; section 49, hundred of Mingbool, M. MacEgan; both for non-residenoe. Bight of | purchase—Section 45, hundred of Seymour, E. H. Riches; seotions 34, 59, and 60, hundred of Stirling, F. S. Sohwarz; seotion 2, hundred of Marcoliat, W. Goldfinch, jr.} for nonpay ment of rent. Perpetual—Seotion Vw, huu- ! dred of Bonney, E. O'OoDnor; seotion 669, hundred of Narraooorte, G. G. Biggins, for non-payment of rent. Adelaide Skin Market.—Under date of - Adelaide, November 7, Messrs. Crompton and I Son report a further fall in the value of wool led -sheepskins. Looally prices. are now Jd per Ibrlower than the"rates ruling a month - ago. The death.is announoed of Mrs. Dodge, wife of Mr. W. Dodge, watobmaker, Millioent, and ] mother of Mr. W. ' J. Dodge, postmaster, Kingston. The deceased lady, who had attained the age of' 70 years, was highly re-1 spected, and had been living at Robe, Penola, and Milliceut. The War Cloud.—Though France has evaouated FaBhoda there is still a good deal of uneasiness as to the turn events will take. Lord Salisbury's speech at the annual ban quet of the Mayor of London has had Teassur ing effect, and it is quite evident Great Britain will not precipitate a war unless she is ' seriously attacked. There ie no doubt if | F ranee bad refused' to evacuate F&ahods; there would have been war. Lord Salisbury does not feel inclined at present to make a bid for : popularity by establishing a protectorate over I Egypt. In the present heat of disturbed re lations it would only aggravate the position ' between France and Britain, and it! would savour so muoh of a persistent attempt I to humiliate her as a nation that France might think it her: duty to resist it. There can be no doubt that the British Government have determined upon a permanent oooupation of Egypt. The military operations in the I Soudan prove this. His Lordship frankly ad mitted that the Government were getting the whole naval power of the Empire on a virtual war footing, and gave as a reason for it that the interests of Great Britain! ®!??ndef* I°r their security upon her ability to defend her shores from at taok and to summon promptly maritime forces far larger and stronger than those of any opponent. Lord Salisbury's speech is 1 being commented upon and criticised both at home and abroad. It is semi-officiallv an nounced m Paris that the Frenoh Minister for ! Jboreign Affairs, at a meeting of the Council of Ministers, referred to Lord Salisbury's Guild hall deliverances on the Anglo-French situ ation and the Egyptian question, mentioning i that the diplomatists were favorably impressed by the British Premiers speeoh. The speeoh has caused muoh relief in France, where the 1 British naval preparations had exoited both suspicion and dread. The French newspapers, 1 in their comments on the British Premier's speech, deolare that it is both moderate and conciliatory, and relieves apprehension, sinoe no direot British protectorate over Egypt is to be proclaimed by England. The British news papers concur in considering that the inner meaning of the speech delivered by Lord Salisbury at the Lord Mayor's banquet on Thursday was a virtual notifica- { tion to Europe that the British occupation of j Egypt woala be eventually made permanent 