PRINCESS THEATRE. — v "HAMLET." BY A.B.M. Seldom or never, I may say, in the histronic world has a play, bearing the above appellation, been given such, word-like publicity and been made in consequent the recipient of such a refined flow of appreciation and recognition from the pleasure- seeking community. It has since the year 1868, at which time it was first introduced into the theatrical world at Paris, been al ways crowned with a coronet of success and fame, notwithstanding its subjection to frequency. On Saturday night last, before a large and appreciative audience, through a dramatis personae of Mr Barrett's own choosing, was manifested "Ham let," plus its numerous scenes of diversified, merriment and solemnity, with sadness and gaiety, as Shake speare puts ic in his prelude to it, which includes judicious and didactic observations, melancholy not strained by poetical violence above the na tural sentiments of man. . ,.Su cF.,m.en,.o( . the typ.e. nd.. status of Shakespeare, wjih" his illimitable knowledge of human nature, who presumably was and is subject to recognition as having ranked the highest in his time, and for the con struction, mythical and psycholical dramatic assumption, we indeed owe much for his task in the shape of a reciprocation of retaliation, but albeit that be so we are debarred from al together glorifying him inasmuch as regards the plot, for that emanates elsewhere, and it will be advantage ous, and perhaps of benefice, to know that it rests in possession of Mr Ambrose Thomas, a man, in the eyes of the world, of, perchance, far less significance. Hamlet is a mythical semi-histori cal Danish Prince, sad possessor of semi-madness, for which reason and cause of which we will perceive and in consequence impute later on. The first scene is the rostum in the precincts of the castle of Elsi- nore, where Hamlet gains cognition from his Jaithful friend, Horatio that last eve, whilst out in the grounds in close proximity of the royal edifice, he saw a ghost, bearing a direct analogy to Hamlet's father, now deceased, and late King of Denmark, whom his uncle, now king, is suspected to have murdered. At midnight, Hamlet, moved by the relation of him, goes hence to seek the hearsay apparition purposely to verify his friend Horatio's state ment on the previous night, and which he eventually sees, which re lates to him of the circumstances, and that Claudius, now King of Den mark, was the destroyer of his father, and that he, therefore, should seek his revenge. To carry out this pur pose and intention, Hamlet causes the enaction of a scene, in which he engages several actors, artists of re pute and noted actors, who are to roughly reveal the cause of the death .=of his father to the king. This dis play causes a sting of guilt and fear to be existantin the heart of Claudius, and he determines to rid himself of his nephew to save the further and probable elicitation of facts. In order to somewhat counteract the intention of the king, of which Hamlet slightly "suspects, he feigns madness, and during a confidential conversation with Ophelia, the daughter of Polonius, but who is quite discog- nisant of the fact that the king lies nearly acquiescent, he subsequently gets a smattering of the doings of his uncle. Following this, entrance is made of Gertrude, the Queen of Denmark and mother of Hamlet, and whilst endeavoring to lay ques tions before her, in reference to the death of his father, entertains an idea that the king is at the curtain listen ing to his tete-a-tete, and'he at once springs and thrusts his sword thereto, thereby killing the listener ; but he is wronged, and he finds that he has killed Polonius, Lord Chamberlakn, who was at that moment making his advent into the room. Hamlet is eventually made prisoner, through the mandate issued by Claudius for his apprehension, on his way to England, but he escapes, and some letters which were also sent for his instant death are intercepted by him and exchanged for others to the effect of death on the contrary. During his absence, Ophelia, dis tracted by the death of her father, ultimately goes mad and dies or at least is drowned. Laertes, her brother, who had previously dis believed one substratum of truth by the rumoured reports that Polonius had been assassinated by Hamlet, is j ultimately given light on the sub ject. A base and fiendish trick is made up by the king, and he in stigates Laertes to find means of ending Hamlet's life. A dual takes place on the terrace of the castle of the king. Claudius wagers 6 Barbary horses against six French swords, with Laertes, that in a dozen passes he does not exceed Hamlet three, and in the first round Hamlet is slightly wounded through the treach ery of the poisoned sword. In the second pass Hamlet gains it and stabs Laertes to the heart, which proves fatal, but he is quite uncon scious that, albeit he has won the day, the wound, which he previously received and had as he thought re couped, was a poisoned one, and that ft would take time to be efficacious, and as he lay in a semi-dizzy mood, he said — 0 I I die, Horatio, The potent poison quite o'er-crows my spirit ; 1 cannot live to hear the news from Eng- land' But I do prophesy the election lights On Fortinbras, he has my dying voice ; So tell him, with the occurents.more and less Which have solicited. Mr Wilson Barrett's pourtrayal of the role, I think, is one of his best, his assumed madness, together with the pourtrayal of the bluster- ingly lord, are carried out with vigor, lustre, and vitality in extenso. In his elocutionary powers, an instance of which is given in his soliloquy of " To be, or not to be, that is the question ?" and supplication of mercy to his mother, are staunch and well meaning, but his physique and chisselled face slightly conduce to blurring the originality of the im personation. Miss Maud Jeffries' Ophelia was capably done, her en treaties for the love of Hamlet, and the ejection of her suit, revealed an abundance of her diversified stage powers in globo. Mr Wigney Percy- val, as Laertes, and Mr A. Man ning, as the first grave digger, were infused into the dialogue judiciously. Other characters such as Mr Carter Edwards, as Claudius, and Miss McCarthy, as Gertrude, king and queen respectively, were done in the same fashion as other actors and actresses have done. Unfortunately this piece was only subject to ten nights renewal and .was followed by Othello and Vir- rrn'ius, the" Tater" being pr"fk J- : ; second time here, by special' Yequest,"' ' when Mr Barrett bade farewell to Melbourne audiences. . 