j OOPrBlAHT. i j CHAITBB XIV.-Â NEW ABBIVAU j Io the morning Meroy was very angry with herself for what ehe termed her weakness of the preceding night. She had stayed with Lullu inBtead of going to her own room ; and though she passed a soared and almost sleep- less night, only getting snatches of sleep in the early morning when utterly worn out, ehe rose in much better spirits. " I cannot understand bow I can have been so foolish and weak as to allow myaejf to be deceived in that way about the footsteps. It is all nonsense," she said to herself over and over again in different phrasings. " Soe, Lallu, what a lovely morning," alie cried, pulling aside the curtains and throwing open the window. " Look at the sea, bow bright and beautiful. Away with your gloomy thoughts and morbid fancies. Out of bed with you, and come and pay homage to the sea. You and I should love it at any rate, for it joins our linds together. Theres a thought for yon," and she laughed. " I'm off to dress-that ia, if I oan only find wbat that ayah of yours haa done with my things." Dut the Indian girl was not to be roused. She lay still, pleaded a headache and disin- clination to get up, and said she would have her breaklast in bed. Mrs. Roca waa also disinclined to get up, and thus the Colonel and Mercy breakfasted alone together. Conversation was not easy between them. " I hope the air raado you sleep nell," he said once. " Not very well. Perhaps I was overtired ; and I had a queer little experience ; and she told him about the bat. " That is a very peouliar thing-a sign of great good luck," he said, smiling. "I hope you believe in the omen." " I don't think it was a sign of anything except that I opened the window and stood in the way of the poor thing's flight. Oh, and by the way, what is the locked room next to Lallu's. I hope there is no mystery about it, because she's a most sensitive girl, and very superstitious. " " There's no mystery : one can't call it a mystery. The simple fact ÍB, that it was in that room the late occupant of the house died, aud I've not yet had the place painted. It's so difficult to get workmen ont here, you see." The news gave Mercy a shade of un- easiness. " How did he die ?" she asked indiffer- ently. " Really I don't know. I suppose in eome of the usual ways. I believe he waa found dead in the room one day. He was a very eccentric man-very eccentric." " No question of foul play, I suppose ?" "If there bad been, I must have heard of it," was the reply, which meant anything or nothing, as Mercy quite understood. " It would be well to keep the knowledge from Lallu-at any rate while we are here," abe added, using the sentenoe as a bridge to another group of questions. " By the way, how long do you think of staying here ?" " Isn't that rather a singular question on the very morning after our arrival ? I hope you'll get to like the place sufficiently well to settle down here permanently. This should be our home-that, at least, is your mother's idea." " But if we don't settle down in it and get to like it, what then ?" " I still suppose that we shall stop .as long BS your mother and I decide." This was the first time be had put forward his own authority, and Meroy noticed it instantly. " I presume that neither Lallu nor myself will be kept here against our wishes," she returned, " Where else would you go?" " Back to Wy vern Gardens, of course." "I don't know what your mother would say, but personally I should strongly oppoac your going to London by yourselves. Thc thing is out of the question. The house ie ehut up; there are no servants there; the thing's preposterous." " There are no servants here, for thal matter. You can't call these two clumsy, repulsive women servants-they are mere villagers." The Colonel waited a moment, and thei said : " Why are you making up your mind tc dislike the place, Mercy ? Is it because you are determined always to oppoBe me ; to dc tboBe things which I doa't like, and refuse t< do those things I do wish? That is nol the way in which you ara likely to make youl mother happy, or yourself either." "I have never laid down a principle ol doing anything to displease you, Colone Roca. What has happened bas been that yoi have wished me always to do just the oppoaiu of what L and you, too, bave known would bi for my happiness." " I have often told you that I have no desiri but for jour happiness." " Yet you bring me to a lonesome, desolate miserable place like this, and wben I aBk hov long we are to be here, tell me it is to be mj permanent home. How can' it be that? Or, MiBg that, bow can I hope to be happy' There is not a soul within miles of os, ant nothing to do whatever except perhaps tc gather thistles and weeds on the desolate ano' barren land, and when I suggest that that ii not the life I wish to live, you accuse me o always acting against your desires." " Your note is always one of etronf antagonism co me," he answered rathei sharply, as he rose from the table ant went away, leaving Mercy angry ant indignant at what she deemed the impliec threat of indefinite imprisonment. Presently she went out into the garden strolled to the edge of the steep breakwater and stood gazing out to sea, and thinking ovei the position and what the Colonel had said Her heart was hot with rebellion. What hat she done to be thus forced away from ever] friend and acquaintance she had in the work and buried alive in an old ruinous dungeoi like the Court? And as she paced up ani down on the path which ran at the top of thi breakwater, ber indignation grew fast. Thi place was a prison, and nothing but a priam ehe thought ; and nothing should ever maki her do anything but detest it aB much os shi detested tbe man-her gaoler-who hat brought ber there. She went to her mother's room and fount her troubled about the bouse arrangements. " Help rae, Mercy. Why havcurt you beei up before ? You can't have bees all this tim over breakfast," she said, peevishly. " Am you might be sure that I should want yon with everything to arrange and get in order. " I take no interest in thia house, mothei And I will take none. Lot Colonel Rosa se to thing«. He has brought us here." " You are very ttuob changed, child, ani getting to be a most disagreeable girl. Yo see the trouble and confusion I'm in ani won't stir a finger to help me." " You bave the Colonel new," replie Mercy, hardly. "How dare you apeak to me like that, said her mother, very angrily j and then th cooaciouanets of her inability to do what wi needful overcame ber, and «he sat down an began to ory. At that Meroy relented. " Don't ory, mother. Let me see what lt j md {br an hour, she set to work and ht vigour and shrewdness and supreme gift i organisation and method brought order ont i the chaos which ber mother always produoet Tho closer oóntaot In whloli this brougt ber' with tbs two wornbn-aervanUtinoreaac ber dislike And dlitroit of them ; and fat vtirdlotvwas promptly given j» bar motherin aHo^iereoommenoatwh. * ,'" *'You mart get rid ohbotewomBii-they are dirty,'Insolent,utterly unreliable, Md, I beUst^untrotbtuVMd dishonest." " ft'» euy to get rid of them, bot whore »re we to look for. other» t ? That'« wh»t Manuol nrg»»i* . What »ervant» would some here T" .«Then why doe» bel bring u» to * home that even servant» won't oome to ?" flashed Meroy, instantly and hotly. "Are we of lei» consequence than they !" "I do. wish you woutdn't be so violent, I'm not well, end this oonttant ill- temper of your« jars on meso.' "You mutt not be ill here, mother. There's no doctor within ten miles.'1 " Therein go again. That's only «aid to make me discontented. You are io incon- siderate of others," and Mrs; Rooa wrung her hands feebly. "I'm sure Manuel wants us all to be happy." " He goes the right way to work bis own disappointment," said Mercy, drily. "It is not your fault, mother, I know," she added, after a pause, aa «he kissed her, " but I wish you would make a little more endeavour to understand what suoh a place as this must be for Lallu and mysnlf to live in." "Other girls like a oountry life. Why should you hate,it?" " A oountry life perhaps, but not life in a wilderness such aa this. I am sure I shall not be able to endute it. It is not that I oare so much about London. If we were alone bere, I could enjoy the place-but to be shut up here with no one but Colonel Roc», uo one, that is, except bis son-" and she ended the sentence with a shudder. " If you knew what bad happened-" she began, thinking to tell of the inoident which bad frightened Lallu so much ; but she checked herself hastily, knowing how it would alarm her mother. " What happened ! Whore ? When Î What do you mean ?" " Nothing-only I am utterly wretched." " How mucb she has changed !" sighed ber mother, when Mercy had left tbe room. "I wish she had never seen that man." She set it down to the love disappointment. Mercy went to Lallu and persuaded her to go for a walk. They were out two hours, walking round the neighbourhood, and in all that time saw only two cottages that wore not in ruins. The effect was to conjure up açaln the impressions of the previous day, and the Iodiau girl's talk the whole time WJS depressing and gloomy, foreshadowing trouble aud sorrow. The luneh was as dismal a meal as the dinner of the previous evening, and after it Mercy bad a horse saddled and rode out alone. "I will find a house somewhere," she said to Lallu, but-ehe came back as depressed as she had started. She had chanoed lo choose tho loneliest road of all, and had ridden five milos without meeting a soul. " And this is to be our life," she exclaimed, going in to Lallu in ber riding habit. " To get up io the morning and to look at each other at breakfast ; walk about among uncul- tivated fields or on the cliffs all the morning ; look at one another again at lunch ; ride among moro desolate fields, or along other cliffs in the afternoon ; look gloomy at each other again at dinner and perhaps quarrel ; yawn drearily till bed time ; and then go to bed to lie awake all night, starting at every sound, fearing rata or ghosts, or worse, dream uneasily when daylight comes, and then get up to begin it all over again." Shesighed, and lay back on the sofa, and presently added a with laugh, "And this is what a fortune has done for us !" The description was sufficiently accurate of much of the life at the Court for the next four or five weeks, except that Mercy's natural activity drove her to find some occupation in takingoharge of thc household. Lalludreamed the time away, but Mercy fretted during the daytime, and suffered so much during the nights, when the hoUBe seemed full of strange noises, that she began to look ill, and her mother scolded her for being so discontented. Juan's arrival was delayed ; but when he came his sullen disposition did nothing to make matters any more endurable. Mercy detested him, and did not hesitate to let him see it ; while Lallu kept away from him when- ever possible. Matters were indeed growing more and more uncomfortable in the house, when an incideut happened which gave Mercy fresh food for thought. She developed a liking for a lonely spot on the sea front about a mile from the Court, and formed the habit of going there in the afternoon to sit and read, or work, or think. The direct path to it was along the top of the cliffs, but a longer way lay through some fields, and between two or three coppices, near to one of which stood one of the only cottages in the distriot that was not in ruins. She was returning one evening, and on passing the spot heard some high words in a woman's voice and then a reply in a man's. Not wishiDg to be seen, for the people had any- thing but a good reputation, she stood still and drew back .under shadow of the trees, intending to turn and go back by the cliff. Before abe could do this, however, the door of the cottage was flung violently open, the scream of a woman rang out on the still air, with hot language from both in Spanish. Then in English the man exclaimed excitedly : " You dare to come here spying upon me, you she-devil. I'm the wrong sort to stand that, and you know it. Take care." The tone was far more menacing than the words, and to Mercy's intense surprise, Colonel Roca came hastily through the small front patch of garden out Into the lane, where be turned and shook hU forefinger menacingly as he walked quickly away, followed by the voluble curses of the woman, who spoke in Spanish. Cariosity was too strong for Mercy, and she walked on until she could see the woman. She was a tall, well-figured, handsome brunnette, shabbily dressed in things which had once been very good, and her dark face frowned with the anger and bitterness which Sowed in glib ourses off her tongue. Mercy was frightened and stole away from her hiding-place baok to the path on the cliffs, and as soon as she reached it she walked and ran back asquiokly as possible to the Court. She achieved her object-lo be there when the Colonel arrived, and she took care to let him see that Bhe bad observed hU arrival What did it mean ? was her thought, as che went up to dress for dinner. Was there some new mystery about to come into their lives ? Was the dream of her mother's confidence in him about to be dispelled ? If the men were really the scoundrel which this interview seemed to suggest,, the sooner it waa known the belter for them all. At dinner she put one or two questions. " You've been for a walk?" she said, look- ing at the Colonel. " Yes, out by the gravel pits." This was in an opposite direction from where she had leen him. " Oh I I thought I saw you coming in from the Pentham Road," she said, SB if in- differently. " So you did. I orossed the field just above and skirted the Court I wanted to see how the work in the orchard was getting on."* "Very slowly, I think, she returned, calmly. "It seems hard to get anyone to come here unless they're compelled." He glanced angrily at her. His temper had not recovered tone from the enoounter she had witnessed. " I don't know that I ought to say that, though," she added a moment later, in the former tone of Indifference, " For I see there's actually a new resident arrived. Think of lt, mother," »he »aid, turning to the latter, bat not so as to prevent her keeping observation on the Colonel. And ihe saw him wince, and a frown for a moment drew the eyebrow» together. " What do you mean by a new. resident, Mercy Î" asked Mrs, Rous. " There's no- where for them toitve." "Well, one's found a place-for lt's a woman, Md a very bandiome woman, too. Dark, tall, large-the vary opposite of you, little mother," «aid Mercy, smiling. She nw a qulok stealthy giana» between father and son. " What ii »he-« gipsy ?" "No, dear, a Spaniard, I should think. Let me eee," she added, turning to the Colonel «it« SA uonirtog look; «^Whet ii I the nome of the people who have the cottage in the lene, off bentham Road? Dicey t I I think it ie. At any rate it's the only cottage there, BO one can't mia take it. It's there ehe I lives. I think I «hall begin my country life I by going to visit her to morrow. She muet be tntereitlng, I'm iure. " And there inust be some very special reason to bring her down to a plato like thia at this time Of the year. Shouldn't you think a», Colons! ?" Anti the looked at bim with a challenge lu her eyes. "Tm sure I don't know, intake no interest io euoh thing*, and T should think you'll be very ill-adviaed to go forcing yourself upon people of that class. The Dicey'a, or whatever the name is, haven't by any means tbe best of reputationi.' "I hope you won't do anything of the kind, Meroy," added ber mother. "You don't understand .visiting, and I'm sure you've no traots." " She doesn't look like a woman who wants traots, exsotly," said Meroy, in a voice that made Juan smile. "Have you seen her?" asked the girl, turning on him quickly. . "I don't go distriot visiting, he answered, turning the question. " She is Spanish, I think," continued Mercy, " or ehe may be South American. How should I be able to tell the difference, Colonel ?" ",1'm sure I don't know. Really, I was scarcely thinking about what you were saying." " I was only speculating what could bring a Spanish woman ora South American.to thta deserted part of the country just at 'the moment when we are here, lt's such an extraordinary coincidence when you come to think of it. Ht- re is this d'notate district, to which no English people will rome unless they are compelled-and,yet no sooner do you two Sooth Americans arrive, tban a third comes." "The world is full of concidonces," ex- claimed the Colonel, as he rose from the table, frowning. " I'm sure there must be a history ; and I'm determined to find it out," Baid Mercy, lingoring a moment before following her mother out af the room. " Trust a woman's curiosity," said Juan, smiling and lighting a cigar. "And a man's-what shall I say?-friend- ship ? Is that likely to bc the object ?" Aud with this parting shot she went But through one of the servants meeting her und asking her a question, ehe was detained outside the door which she bad not quite closed. She heard an oath and a refereucc to herself from the Colonel. " Is this woman's coming any of your infernal meddling ?" he exclaimed, angrily, to his son. c " I don't know. She may have followed." Then a silence, broken by another heavy oath. "Curse that girl, she's always meddling. There'll be no peace till she's nut of the way." "Did you call me, Colonel ?" asked Mercy, putting ber head inside the room. " I thought I heard you calling. " " No, thank you," wan the reply, in a barely civil tone and with none of tho usual veneer of surface courtesy. " I didn't know you were listening outside the door." "Or you might hive spoken somewhat differently," she retorted. And the reply made both men start and swear again. 