Irish Repartee and Sarcasm. Repartee, or readiness in. smart, witty, sarcastic retort, is said to be the highest form of wit. These immediate and felicitous replies, these answering thrusts in mental fencing, these illuminating flashes of quick and lively imaginations, are common among all classes in Ireland. On old Carlisle-bridge, in Dublin, there was a fruitstall, the keeper of which, 'Biddy the Apple- woman,' was a better known ngure than even the Lord Mayor. She had a ready and glib tongue, and never allowed a verbal assailant to retire with all the honours. An American visioitor, thinking to take a 'rise' out of the old woman, took up one of the water melons she was, displaying for sale, and said,. ' These are small apples you grow over here In America we have them twice the size.' Biddy slowly removed her 'dudheen,' or clay-pipe, from her lips, and coolly surveying the joker from head to heel, said, in a tone of pity, 'Yerra, what a fool yez must be whin yez. take our gooseberries for apples.' John Philpot Curran was noted for his powers of repartee and sarcasm. One day Curran was walking past the Parliament house, in College-green, before the Hank of , Ireland got possession Of it, with a nobleman who had promoted the legislative union by his votes. '' I wonder what they intend to do with that useless building P' said the nobleman. 'For my part,. I hate the sight of it.' 'I do not bonder at that, my lord,' returned Curran, who was an anti-Unionist. 'I never yet heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost.' Curran was defeated in a conversational contest with Lady Mor gan, the Irish novelist, one evening in that lady's drawing room, when, exaggerating the prevailing fashion in Bhort sleeves, she Woife merely straps over her shoulders. Curraii was waling away from the little party who witnessed the conflict of the two wits, when I^ady Morgan called out, ' Ah, come backj Mr. Curran, and acknowledge that you are fairly beaten.' ' At any rate,' said he, turn* ing round, 'I have this consolation, Lady Morgan, that you can't laugh at me in your sleeve.' The omadawns or half-witted fellows who are to be met with occasionally in Ireland-*— but not so commonly now as formerly — are noted for their bitter and sarcastic sayings* A fool knpwn as '? Jim, the omadawn,' was some years ago a well known character in Kilkee, the resort in Clare. 'Now, Jim,'- said an upstart to him one day, ' tell me the ' biggest lie you ever told, and I'll treat you to a pint of stout.' 'Be me sowl, thin,' I Tim ^ T eow waw o u icu viiu* j. o»jr jgj. jiiuxmoi a cv gintleman.' Avery happy example of a. man falling into the pit which he had dug for somebody is afforded by the following well known bub fresh story of a famous repartee. John Parsons, one of the first Irish Commissionera of Insolvency, was travelling in a coach with Lord Norbury, the judge. Passing a gibbetj Norbury said with a chuokle, 'Parsons* where would .yoiLbe now if. that gallows had its due?' ^Riding alone, Norbury,' waslthe quick reply. The neatness and ielicity ot this retort afforded unmitigated siirprise aiid - delight. ? -v ? Chief Baron O'Gtady, subsequently thd first Lord Guillamore, had a dry humour and t.j. V. —il. rill- - ? ifc,_ Dicing wio. mo imiiDer was ho uue cnau sarcasm was often unperceived by the object against whom it was directed. A legal friend of his, who was extremely studious, but in conversation exasperatingly dull, showed the judge over his newly built house. The lawyer prided himself especially on a library which he had contrived for his own use, so secluded from the rest of the building thai he could pore Over his books in private quite secure from disturbance. ' This is capital,' exclaimed O'Grady. ' My dear fellow, you could read and study here from morning till night, and no human being would be one bit the wiser.' This recalls the capital, story told of the late Father Healy, of Bray. A very pompous friend was showing Father Healy and other guests through his new house, on which he had spent a good deal in furnishing and decorating. In the library the host, waving his hand towards the book shelves, exclaimed,. 'Here, surrounded bv these best friends, I feel most happy.'' ' And I notice,' said Father Healy, examin ing some of the volumes, 'that, like a true friend, you never cut them.' A committee was formed to erect a moun» ment over the grave of a popular Dublin physician who died some years ago, and was buried at Mount J erome Cemetery; A witty oitizen who was asked to suggest an inscription for the memorial recommended the use of the famous allusion to Sis Christopher Wren,- the architect, in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. . 'Si moriumenfcum ^ requiriB circumspice.' 'If you seek his monument, look around; if you doubt his merit, behold his works.' An English tourist, under the guidance of - a peasant, was admiring the scenery of the Gaelic Mountains. Pointing to a gap in the hills, the guide said it was known locally ? as ' The Devil's Bit,' and a low hill hard by was called ' The Devil's Chair.' 'In* deed,'' remarked the Englishman, 'the devil seems to have a good deal of property in these. parts.' .'Yes, sir,' retorted the Irishman; 'but 'lie is an absentee landlord; and lives 5n England.' 