Iw the Bar Farlqr 'Did yon bear about that Fern Tree Gboet P' asked the Gloomj Han. ' Fern trees don t haVe ghosts, do they f' asked Jim the Lunev. : ' 'That's a duputed point,' said the landlord. We bad eome Tern ?trees growing ont on the balcony last year. One night the; vanished, I'll ewesr I saw tbeir gboste in somebody else's garden the other day. That's one argument in faror. Another is — that a cheerful person en route for one of the mountain hnte the other night ttoyea rather long at Uielaat tome on the road, and got exalted. On the way up the Mount he grew wear;, and \- eukvea to lean against a fern tree for a spell. But the fern tree was a fraud; he fell clean through it and cracked a boulder with the back ol hie head. He is prepared to take hit tolemn dare; tLat wbst be mit took lor i solid tree fern wae only an unenb etantiul end unreliable ghost of one.' 'If you have finished pulling onr friend's respected leg,' said the Gloom} .Man, 'I'll tell you all about the Fern Tree Guoet. In the fint place, it was the ghost ot a horse that startled the dwellers in the Beauty Bpot.' ' Sure it wasn't a donkey's ghost P' asked the Sonday Man. ( ' Let me tell the story in a; own wa;, pleaee. A well-known daily psper person, whoweare a circular metal ornameDt on one foot, lately went to the Beaut)- Spot for a holiday. He was the life of the hamlet for a few days, and, a» be knows how to make himself popular with both sexes, the eimple Till&gers; made of him a guide, philosopher, and friend, and the maidens had a good lot of fun on the cheap.' 'I wouldn't trust any newspaper man far,' said the Barmaid, if I was an innocent girl — I mean if 1 wae an innocent girl's goardmu.' * ?? My dear girl,' said the Gloom; Man, ' the particular pressman under notice could be trusted anywhere with anything, as you chad bear if yon have patience.' ' What faae all this to do with the horse's ghost f ' asked the Worm. 'Everything. The Tonriet Trappers' ? Association have juat laid down a new ceiPeutnuor in one of the shelter arbors, ;ou know, and a barbed wire barricade was run ,np on tho Saturday Bight to guard the soft oement from the depredations of the cold eeat Iottb and stray hortee and cattle which wander about thofe sylvan solitndes when tue Sunday evening shadows fall. It wiie reckoned that the cement would be set firm by the Monday morning. And so it was. But imagine tue consternation of the contractor aud bit men when they found circul i horce-bhoe tn&rke; deep dented in the nice new floor! Tut) wouderiug villagers crowded ruuud to ditcueB the mystery, and as no necb-aud-boue horse could possibly have gut tbrou#ii tlie barbed wire fence, it wat straightway bet down as tue work of an ancient horse gliust tuat u»ed to haunt the mountain tide ja&re; tad years ago. That ends the stor; as far as 1 am concerned.' 'But were they horse's gbostl; foot priDtcf'iuked the Barmaid. 'So everybody eaye,' remarked the Gloom; Man. 'Certainly, some busy-bodies have started a yarn to the effect that the boree tracke were not alone — that tboywere ecciinipunied by a number of much d&intiur; footprints in tbu cement.' 'Oh !' ejaculated the Barmaid, 'I think 1 ecc the puint of your very roundabout etory.' 'I'm glad to sac these young reporters making tbeir mark in the world, ' uaid the Punster. ' Vus,' agreed the poet. Barbed wirue do not a prison make To liuuiaiif who can climb ; And if they cauuot climb, they'll break, And gut there just the s-yme. But it the floor is soft at wax, Unnoticed in the dark, Thi-yll lLavt beuind some tell-tale tracks— In sbort, they'll make their mark! ? » ? HcigboH' yawned the Political Kickster. ' Local pulitiCKare as dead as DiogeneB, and the rolling of logs makeB no more noise in tue land than tue rolling of the ancient philosopher's loug eilent tub.' ' But the logs are being rolled jnst the , Bttme,' said the Publisher, There's the Police Commissionership, for instance. I'm told that the polilicul friends of—' 'Hh!' enjoined the Landlord. 'We can't afford to uflV-ud the pullet-, you know. Kot uutil after liueus-intf day, uuyway. Talk about sonii.'thiug else. Wbut are we going to do about the disgraceful (Hate of our cemeteries H Thut out' irhnreof the com miitee report, 'flue chocolate soil . . , . rich grass whereon butcher's eheep and dairy cows are depasturing,' is too sug gestive for my appetite, thanks.' 'It's horrible! ' exclaimed the Scientific ' I've noticed,' eaid the Philosopher, 'thut siuce the.r investigations among .the tombs HtitiuTt O'i(} Giauiifuiljers are more ttiuu evi-r coni-mi'i d tbHt crematiou is an eventual uertainty. Vet, with caaruoterii-tic carrlessiii^s us tu tlmir latter end, tb*7 bav'u't uivindvd Uiyir wayB tu any uxteut worth meuiiomng.' 'No, the roadways and footways sre eoiuitliiDg ecBuduiouE,' said tuo Athletic Person. 'The cyclists and horse drivers ougut to make comuiou cause against the furiher reign of the nominees of Fat in the Council, uud demaud that those who reap the city's rentE should fork out to keep the roads in repair.' ' The Couucil ought to be in funds now,' said Jim the Luney. ' I see b; the papers thut they are nulling eovereigus in reoep tuelce where surh things dou't usually ?'^ot many, though,' eaid the Worm. 'Just a phew,' remarked the Punster. / ' '^Mention of tlie Cily Grandfathers,' said the Cuiivaoerr, ' reiuilids me of a little yuru. Uue o- the oruamcutal gasaliers in Uu1 XpirD ile.ll was rucwitJv suia*6lied by I some scenery falling on it. As the aeeneryf was lent for the occasion, and not -rented, there wei no legal way of making tbeowdej pa; the damage; so the difficulty «at ma tually arranged. The Mayor and a well known citiien were' talking over these arrangements andtdficuiiing the (.widens, ? when the M»yor remarked, 'Wasn't flf a nero-, Mr. ---, that the aooylent diSn't happen while the performance was 'in pro gresef There wae a Urge namber of inno cent children riglit underoeAth thegalsiier; IK FACT I WAS THESE MT8BLF !' ' -''The military spirit is patting danger ously rife in tJus .(tomnjunitj-,' sjid the \ Government Houte ' JUn, 'ind -nnleit V foreign foe jsbortly oouei oloDg,. to «jvj om braves ffi opportunity of fiesbing their t words, tbeiocaJ ahnaiDtiere will lejkll o - tkin and bair and bloofland nnpleaunt bite of broken-up citiien.' :i 'Whither does the argument tendP' asked the Snob Editor, ' In other words, whar« yer prorff' ? ? ,? . . ,..? ,- . 11 ProofI ff ell, wh*n a psaoeable per*On like Georgiue the Vire-Fighter essays' to* shine as a gladiator, the epidemic moat be getting pretty bad. The other night some of the boj* were having a «osi«l evening at a popular resort, when Georciqe, in fnll fighting fig, helmet, belt, tomahawk, and* do-or-die^xpnecaipn in the ferpoions waggle of his whiskers, came along to join uie company. With lordjyair he oundeecend ingl; beamed sroand ob the -akeembled oituene, and deposited hie helm'/t 'neath a convenient seat. Accidentally or otber wim, eaid helmet wae promptly filled with sawdust from the floor.' 'Beyond a joke, that,' eaid the Snnday ' Bless yon, the noble Georgiae didn't mind -t. Bo;s will be boy«, and all that sort of thug. Besides, practical ipkei were the order of the evening. Qallona of beer and bravery slopped all over the premiisee, and feata of strength and agility were st east talked about. But when one of the loye playfoll; put a hammerloofr on the King of the Pire- Sooelohers, that worthy's noble chest expanded with indignation, and his cyee flaBhed with a Berserk rage. WHh a michty, effort he oaat himself free, and erked.hii joking awailant sprawling on the eawduet floor. Everybody laughed, eicept the old 'un. He saw nothing in the occurrence but war— deadly war. With the ?gility of an irate kangaroo he threw him self on the prostrate foe. and proceeded to cboketbe lite out of him amid the rattle of the epittoone and general hilarity. After a most terrific struggle of several minutes, during which the; mopped up mOBt of the sawdust in their hair and whiBkers, the gladiators were separated. It took the boy» balf-an-hoar to explain to the ancient one that it was all a joke, but he still wears the air of a valiant veteran who baa never been conquered in battle, and never intends to be.1' * ? ? 'In a Midland district,' said the Sport ing Man, there dwells a doctor who is a ?great favorite with athletea, and »n enthu «iaetic eopporter of cricket and similar games. No expanse doee be allow to stand in the way of the local cricket team visiting neighboring districts, and the medico him eolf generally goea along with the team to make things merry.' ' What about bis patienti while he is awayP' asked the Athletic Person. 'How do they get on f' ' Oh, all right. The doctor has very few regular patients— our glorious climate you know-and casuals may jee him at rail.ide etatione bb he passe, through with his cricket team. Eeceutly, while on a railway ourney from a Northern town, the team Wai flushed with victory or something, and thi train fairly shook, with hilarity. Liquid refreshm«Dts were too numerous to par ticularise, and the dootor caught the epi demic ae well as the rest. At a wayside station 'a looa resident, a young man who idn t teel well, had a consultation with tlie doctor, and a brief diagnosis of the case was made in the waiting room. Before the train left the young man who didn't feel well -was seen to hand the dootor a bottle containing liquor, which the medico slipped into hie hand-bag on the hat-raok. Then the rain started and the medioo went to sleep. The eleven willow wielders entered into a conspiracy to go through the hand ?ag for the medico's precious bottle. The; found it j the captain took first swiff ? but oh horror, it wasn't whisht at all T' ' maicf'1' W' '*' then *'' Mked tho- Bar' Dre.nmah?.°'t '''d|lH? ^^ Man' ' bnt presumably it was bad njedieiue which Borne other doctor had prescribed. AnyhowVit cured the boy. of their fearful thiret, and ,be dootor laughed in hi. sleep with a haveWmfaPnta.Tor'UtiCal ^ 'h'h ffi*ht ? * ? 'When the Tasmanian Army invades y.'?1?''! '«'d th« Publisher, 'wo w,' billet our best soldiers on the proprietors of the Murray vineyard., and woe be bis who do.™ to bar the way to the wine cellar Alr-ady some of our military are gettine into train for .uch a contingency, as at least one innkeeper on the line of WednesJa; wueU s march bears witness. A email oom lany ot moving Bpeotaclee in belte and biK-klei and clanking side-arnn -walked into the bar parlor and ordered tea and sandwiches. The landlad; bnrried to comply with the order, but, whather the Boldien suddenly found they had left their purseB at home, or whether a dispute aroaa ae to who should pay for the rrffiffoSto ncbody knows Anyway, when the l«d; fSSSSSSSsg catemHo It-Sf'^,- «* t-TfteU caterer* to eat themselves. There was a ttai a°ft?r°;de; ab0Bi ^ Premises for aomt IrnlSry'? &XZ; pd!f to '«i~ ^vairy, theP^iX' ming °floemore-' -« 'Whv is that pnblioan like a biby farmerf' aaVfid the Worm, '.Ofjve it op t fieoanjeJie3B UvMred to. receiys lofentry.' uounu qiriw Bonf *I* ' k ? * ? ' What is the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals going to do about this cue P' aaked the Insignifioant Han. ' A rabid Snpday-school injtrootor, whose phi taBttrromo , treatment -of mortgagors and «mjh -lire viotimi is too Veil known to need farther mention, was the other day teen to beat a dog in the street with a heavy walk ing .tiok *uo tijUhe poor brute fell down ltd whined ferpijy. Igrviformant state, that she only ||fiea^ the.dpg wae guilty of was ,4b at of eanngxood doming to the oundaj school penon'niolr. This owner of the dog that waa beat didn't happen to he in the vicinity, or the gentle shepherd wonld pro bably have been made to beg the nobler brute's pardon.' V Lead me, gentle shepherd, Jaad, me,' qontedthe Oynio. \ _ , ' ^ § Hpbtri'uibnkof the%ary|ew Aujtralian cittei wherein it-^in't ogneidereS neewsarr .tqMnj,.foJ|f to fcjep fe^hj Jright when travelling on the sidewalks. Wonder how that is r asked Jim the Luney. 'Easily explained,' said the Cynic V Municipal *utboritie« themselves have not ret Uarne9 to keep to the right, therefore [lon'tgivea b-nghow often ordinary oitutene 80^*6 thsVfonf.*1 ' Let me moralise,' said the Poet, ' on KEBP TO THE BIGHT. An- ixoelleBtrnltbfthepave, ' , - . At noon or at night; . Collisions it often will save, And «uit both' thega; and the grave Keep to the right. The mortals who mer* on a wheel Are different quite; 'To the left' is their charter and sea), .. ' To the left '.is th it moving appeal, »ol to the right. But wheelers who wish to pass by A journeying wight Moat ever the maxim apply— Tia a rule of the roan that is high Keep to the right. And a very good rnle for lire's track, . Tb is motto so bright i 'Twill save from the sins that are black And troubles and caree that attack ; Bo haul in the eloveoly slack Keep to the Sight 1 