ER NEST LiN W OODa. (Republished from "The London Jour nal.") CHAPTER XIII. "I wish you had a vacation too," said Richard Clyde, as we ascended to gether the winding hill. "Then we should not have these plea sant walks," I answered. "Why not?" "Why, I shoud not be returning from school at -this hour every day, ah4 you would not happen to ovelrtake me as you do now." "How -do you know it is accident, Gabriella? How do you know but that I wander about, a restless ghost, till glad ringing voices chiming together -announce that you are free, and that I am at liberty to play- guardian and knight, as I did -three or four yeals ago?" "Because you would not waste your time so foolishly, and because I do not need a guardian now-. I 'am in au thority, you know, and no one molests or makes me afraid." "Nevertheless, you need a guardian m r'ore -than ever, and I shall remain true to my boyish allegiance-." Richard always had a gay, dashing ,way of talking, and his residence in college had certainly not subdued the 'iigh spirit of chivalry that sparkled in his eye. He had g-rowcn much taller 'since I had seen him last, his face waas more intelleictual and altogether im proved; and his dress was elegantly, though not fopishly, fashionable. He was sin exceedingly agreeable com panion. Even when 1 was most shy and sensitive, I felt at ease with him. When I say that I looked upon him. something as an elder brother I mean .what I express-not the sickly affection with which young girls sometimes strive to hide a deeper feeling. I re~ membered his steady schoolboy friend ship, his sympathy in the dark days of anguish and despair, and more than all, the rose, the sacred rose, he had planted at my mother's grave. I thanked him for thi.s with a chok ,ing voice and a moistened eye. "Do not thank me," .said he. "I had a mother once! she, too,. is gone. The world may contain for us many ,friends, but never but one mother, Gabriella. I was only ten years old 'when mine w'as taken from me, lut her influence is around me still, a safe guard and a blessing." Words so full of feeling and rever ence were more impressive falling from lips usually sparkling with gaiety and wit. We walked in silence up the gradual ascent, till we came to a fine old elm, branching out by the wayside, and we paused tb rest under its bougbs. As we did so, w'e turned towards the val ley we were leaving behind, and beheld it stretching, a magnificent panorama, to the east and the west, the north and the south, wearing every shade of green, from the deep, rich hue of the corn to the brighter emerald of the oat 'fields and the dazzling verdure of the pasture land; and over all this glowing landscape the golden glory of approach ing sunset hung like a royal canopy, ?whose purple fringes rested an the dis tant mountains. "How beautiful!" I exclaimed, with enthusiasm. "How beautiful!" he echoed, with equal fervour. "You are but mocking my words, Richard-you are not looking at the en chanting prospect." \- "Yes, I am, a very enchanting one." "How foolish!" I cried, for I could not but understand the emphasis of his smiling glance. "Why am I more foolish in admiring one beautiful prospect than you another, Gabriella? You solicited my admiration for one charming view, while my eyes were riveted on another, If we are both sincere, we are equally "But it seems ,so unecessary to take the pains to compliment me, when you know me so well, and when I know my self so well too." ' "I doubt your self knowledge very much. I do not believe, .in the first place, that you are aware how wonder fully you are improved. You do not look the same girl you did a year ago. You have grown taller, fairer, brighter, Gabriella. I did- not expect to see this, when I heard you had shut yourself up in the academy again, under the shadow of old Regulus's beetling brows." "I am sure he is not old, Richard; he is in the very prime of manhood." "Well, Professor Regulus. then. We boys have a habit of speaking of our teachers in this way. I know it is a bad one, but 'we all fall into it~. All our college professors have a met;a phorical name, with the venerable ,epithet attached to it which you c~on demn." "I do not lilke it at all; it sounds so disrespectful, and, pardon me for saying it, even course." "You have a great respect for Mr. Regulus?" "I have; he is one of my bhesat friends." "I dare say he is; I should like to be in his place. You have another great friend, old Dr. Har'owe." "There again. Whiy Dr. Harlowe is almost young; at least, very far from being old. He is one of the finest looking men I ever saw, and one o~ the best. You college students must be a very presuming set of young men." a I spoke gravely, for I was really .exed that any one whom I esteemed as much as I did Richard should adopt the vulgarisms he once despised. "We are a barbarous, rude acset," said Richard Clyde, with redeeming frank mess. "We show exactly what a savage a man is and would ever be without the a refining influence of a woman. If it were not for our vacations, we should soon get beyond the reach of civilisa tion. Be n-ot angry with my roughness, e: most gentle Gabriella. Pass over it your smoothing touch, and it shall have ti the polish of marble, without its cold- 0 ness." d We had resumed our walk, and the T granite walls of Grandison Place began h: to loom up above the surrounding shade. "That is a noble mansion," said he. d; "How admirably such a residence must i harmonise with your high, romantic thoughts! But thcre is one thing that ta impresses me with wonder-that Mrs. pc Linwood, so rich, so liberal too, with ox only one daughter, should allow you, de her adopntdl child, ti devote your young th hours to the drudgery of teaching. It seems so unnecessary, so inconsistent with her usual munificence of action." The glow of wounded pride warmed my cheek. I had become happy in my vocation, but I could not bear to hear it depreciated, nor the motives of my ben,efactress misundenstood and mis represented. "Mirs. Linwood is as wise as she is kind," I answered, hastily. "It is my happiness and good she consults, not her own pleasure. Giving does not im poverish either her ample purse or her generous heart. She knows my nature, knows that I could not bear the stagna tion of a life of luxurious ease." "Ellen can. Why not you?" "We are so different. She was born for the position she occupies. She is one of the lilies of the valley, that toil not, neither do they spin, yet they fulfil a lovely mission. Do not try to make me discontented with a lot so full of blessings, Richard. Surely no orphan girl was ever more tenderly cherished, more abundantly .cared for." "Disco'ten;ted!" lie exclaimed, "Ileaven forbid! . I must be a wretched blunderer. I am saying something wrong all the time, with a heart full of the most excellent intentions. Dis contented! no, indeed. I have only the unfortunate habit of speakin:g be fore I thinik. I .shall grow wiser as I grow older, I trust." He reached up to a branch that bent over the wayside, and, breaking it off, began to strip it of its green leaves and scatter them in the path. "You do not think me angry, Richard,?" I asked, catching some of the leaves before they fell to the ground. "I once felt all that you ex press, and I was doubly wrong! I was guilty of ingratitude, you only of thoughtlessness." "Wh'en does Mrs. Linwood expect her son?" he asked, abruptly. "Next summer, I believe; I do not exactly knew." "Ho will take strong hold of your poetic imagination. There is something 'grand, gloomy, and peculiar' about him, a mystery of reserve which oft amounts to haughltiness. I am but very little acquainted with him, and probably never shall be. Should' we chance to meet in society, we would be two parallel lines. never uniting, ho@r ever near we might approach. Besides, he is a number of years older than myself."' "I suppose you call him old Mr. Lin wood?" said I, laughing. We hald now entered the -gate, and met Mrs. Linwood and Ellen walking in the avenue, if Ellen could be said to walk, borne as she was by her softly falling crutches. She looked so ex; ceedingly lovely, I wondered that Richard did not burst forth in expres sions of irresistible admiration. I was never weary of gazing on her beauty. Ewen after an absence of a few hours, it dawned upon me with new lustre, like that of the rising day. I wondered that any one ever looked at anyl one else in her presence. As for myself, I felt annihilated by her dazzling fairness, as the little star is absorbed by the reslilendent moon. (Tbi be dcnitinued.) 