THE OMEO STANDARD. With which Jo Incorporated Omeo Telegraph TUESDAY, A PHIL 10t ISOS. FEDERATION. The speecltjof Sir George Turner at St. Kilda on Wednesday, night was u very lucid and clear explanation of the Constitution ■ Bill its it stands, and adopted a very' common sense view of the. advantages to be gained, by Federa tion, even although there may he losses on tlie part of Victoria in the grab for •supremacy between this colony and New South Wales. The very fae.t of there'heiug any contest between two of the states proposing to amalgamate only goes to show how difficult it is to .'thrpyy off the spirit of proviiicialisip which has ruled the colonies in the past, and the advantages that will be gaiped in the future by a broad treat ment of{Australian interests,' indepen dent .of. tbie , local prejudices of any particular State. The Premier closed Lis speech by'.an eloquent, peroration urging every Victorian to vote for the Bill, and so, it, naturally follows that the Ministers of the Government will do likewise, except perhaps, Mr, M‘Lean,-until ho sees that the people of Victoria are determined to have ( Federation, even at the possibility of individual joss. • •' But tins possibility of individual loss is only a mere. hypothesis; wo may lose sometning perhaps on a few (branches, of.ijur trade, as wilj happen to.each of the other colonies, but even these cannot be estimated until the Federal Parliament is in full swing; pud on.tbn .other. Ipind ,ye. shall .have ; all the conipOnsnimns which EY|ler.'i- i jtion will bring to us. At yiri'.'V'iit'Wt! i aic lieing goverinxldp.patches, ami wej I are; a disunited nation becaysH 'the I prtty politics of mil-provincial 'govern- 'y meats are founded upon ''''principles * narrowed down to a /y>’ ig-inst each f other to restrict trado and commerce rather than there should be a possi bility of gain to another province. Take our railways for instance. Vic toria suffers a loss of £60,000 a year in catering for the Uiverina traffic, which should uaturally come through Victoria, simply because New South Wales is doing the same-tiling on her side of the border to attract the traffic to Syduoy, which would not go there unless taken at losing rates. It is not possible that this can continue under Federation ; .the Inter-State Commis sion which is to bo appointed, will regulate all. this and lot the trade flow into its natural channel, whether it be to Sydney or Melbourne. The annual loss on the railways of each of the colonies will thus be saved, so fur os this traffic is concerned, each carrying the traffic at payable rates and letting it go where it likes. The removal of the border duties will stimulate the exchange, of goods between the two colonies to sucli an extent that it is impossible to say who will gain the advantage, if any, of the Uiverina trade when everything is settle.I dawn to its proper level. It is probable that it may be inappreciable in extent, and thus eacli colony will be several thousands of. pounds tho better, by n saving of loss on this one item alone. The consolidation of our defence forces is one of the most important gains under Federation. At present, the nation has six little nrmies, con trolled by six commanding officers and six ministers in six parliaments, batch colony is reluctant to spend money on ibis department, ns, so far, they have nos been awakened by any actual necessity to keep it efficient. But suppose the necessity should arise for any concentration of forces in any one colony we should have all sorts of com plications arising as to who should be the supreme and directing head of the forces. This would all he ubolished under Federation; our forces would be kept in a better state of efficiency, available to go to any part of the con tinent when necessary, and with only one controlling department to main tain, instead of six. The more one considers the Bill the better it is liked, and the people nil over the colony are giving strong evi dences that they intend to vote for it. There are many enemies to the bill. Each colony is heavily handicapped with a government which is far too expensive for its population, and those who nrc receiving salaries from these governments can plainly see tlint if Federation is once accomplished, many j of their nice little billets will be abolished. Victorians at the last elec tion expressed a very strong opinion that we had too many members of Parliament, and when we have a federal parliament, the people will insist upon a reduction in our govern ing power. All those who are inte rested in perpetuating our present system of provincial government will do all they can to undermine the pro spects of the Bill, and they will be all the more dangerous because they will not declare themselves. They find they cannot organise any systematic opposition to the Bill, and therefore they will work quietly to thp. same end. The. people must see that they are not defeated in their wish for a Federal Parliament, and must take care to poll every man on June 3, uo matter what may be doue in other colonies; we must show the world that there is at least one of the colonies which believes in the principle of Federal Unity.. Mr. H. G. Montgomery, the valua tor for the savings bank will arrive in Omeo this evening, nnd may be seen at the Omeo Hotel during the week. In consequence of the Long Gully Pony races taking place on Thursday, the Carnival bazaar and Art Union has been postponed until Thursday week, the 28th inst. Mr. Pierce’s horse, Itigeegoodbio, who won the first hurdles at the O B.C. meeting, is now in Melbourne and made a win at the first attempt at the Epsom races on Saturday. Tom Mooney has again been in trouble, the cause tliis time being “ the Carnival, your Worships.” Three days was the sentence, and Tom Imd to make himself comfortable in the local logs until Sunday morning, when /ie enjoyed freedom once more. Parcels at the coach office, Omeo, for Mrs. James White, T. E. William son, James M'Kenzie, Gunny,Hashnin, W. Keane, E. Spencer, Jos. 'White, A. Crumley, Rev. Gamble, C. H. Hodgson, L. Fitzgerald, Rev. Father Iloy up. I The maize harvest in the Tumbo and Orbost districts has commenced, and the crops are described as turning otit fairly heavy, with a much larger area under cultivation this year, while the low .lying lands : have not lieeu sub jected to fl iods. , W. 'Cirli-Viidim', Watchmaker and Jeweller, 0|ie<>, having puruliasf-d the business niid stock in "'trade' of M. Lijweriliardt has opW op hand a largo stock'of clocks watches' mid jewellery of every description. The fruit and confectionery department is under the management of Mrs, Chittenden. Orders by post promptly attended to and; customers may rely upon civility and attention.—Advt. ", ■ There is quite a boom in pony racing just now. , There is a large number of entries for Long Gully on Thursday, and the Omeo cjnb are calling a meet iug for Saturday night at t he Commer cial Intel, to arrange for a winter ' meeting.. These races haven...rphtfjjv'B , lidvaiita'gn to' district,'Tiibre .tfltMI. is apparent at first night, as the mere ( fact- of fifty o;; sixty .iiucks ,tin I jihiiie!? t being kept, in i),K stable fur a fn -v | I we.-Its .causes the consumption of fijoiyoji ^uttiitity of oats and o|iufF qui .c opart] t from ordinary demands, v I Representatives of mining companies holding leases at Mount Peddick, East Gippsland, have written to the Premier suggesting that the Minister of .Mines should visit that silver and gold field at an early date, and consider the ad visability of the Government giving access to.it cither by the construction, of a road or . a tramway from Lakes Entrance, so that stores might bo con veyed to the mines and ore brought to the seaboard at a cheap rate. Mr. Poster will probably shortly visit the field. . Tho dispersal of the celebrated Wer ronggurt stud of Lincoln sheep has now been completed by tho sale which was held at* Warrnambool at the be ginning of' tho month. Mr. T. M. Hamilton, Ensay station, purchased 25 hoggett ewes at one guinea, 10 ewes at 1 guinea and 20 ewes at 1-| guineas. Mr. J. W. Brundey, Hiuno rnunjie Station, purchased 10 ewes at 8 guineas, 10 ewes at 6 guineas, l ram at 10 guineas, 1 ram at 3 guineas. It is very satisfactory to know that au addition of good stock is coming into the district, espe.'ially as the demand is increasing for crossbreds. The president of the Taiubo shire and . Cr. .Sechusen on Wednesday, 6th inst., interviewed the Hon. H. Foster in reference to several local require ments, and in cacii casu Mr. Foster promised to bring the matter before liis colleagues and suggest favorable consideration. In connection with the claim of Bucbaa residents for a grant for the main road Mr. Foster intimated that he would shortly be visiting the district and would then inspect the road. The application for grant to re pair Sarsfield bridge is to be favorably considered, and other matters brought under the notice of Mr, Foster are to receive attention. — T. andO. Times. The (Jistrict will shortly be losing a very old and respected member in •he person of Mr. R. King of Cobungro, who has sold out to Mr. D. Wriggall for the sum of £GOOO. Mr. King commenced business in a very small way at Cobungra nineteen years ago, and by perseverance and business capa city has gained a competency which, he says, will satisfy him for the rest of his life. Mr. King contemplates a visit to England, but if he sees any thing in lower Gippsland which will enable him to carry out his hobby of breeding good horses and cattle, he may be content to settle there rather than try what he can do in the old country. The Kennedy concerts hnd an audi ence of their own at the Centenary Hall, says the Bulletin. That is to say, everyone was Scotch or a Method ist, which is at times pretty much the same thing, and in tho interval, jokes and Methodist puns went round in a family friendliness. The song about tho Ki Coming Home always goes to people’s hearts, whether they have a cow of their own, or deal from a milk man, and Robert Kennedy sent it straight there once more. All the boos and coos of plaidfand were let loose, and fluttered pleasingly about the building. And Kennedy was truly Scotch, and put a Scotchman’s patriotism into his flue voice; and it was Itard to come out when the play was over and find yourself in York-strect, Sydney, Aus Mark Twain, during his Australian travels, had a look at a shearing shed in full operation, and the call for “tar” by the shearers wliori they cut a sheep-seems to have deeply inter ested him. Somebody told him the stuff applied to the wounds was “sheep dip,” nnd throughout his now book he drags in Ids “sheep dip” knowledge on ail occasions. “ Sheep dip,” he- oxpluins in one place, "is stuff liko tar, and is dabbed on to -places where the shearer clips a piece out of the slieep. It bars out the flies, and has healing properties, ond a nip to it which makes the aheep skip like the cattle on a thousand hills,. It is not good to' cat. That is, if is not not good to eat. except when mixed with railroad coffee. • Without it rail road coffee is too vague, hut with it is quite assertive and enthusiastic. By itself.railroad coffee is ton passive ; but sheep dip makes it wake up and get down to business. I wonder where they get railroad coffe;.”—Leader. Though ghost yarns are a bit off my beat, says a Punch writer, tlrere is a flavor of genuineness about the follow ing which .might make it “go." A Melbourne girl, who .married and went Ln live in.one of tho suburbs of a big ,M.L. town, awoke one night during her second week of residence tlinre, arid saw through the open door of the dressing-room the figure of u tall ninn, whoni she naturally supposed In be a burglar, atul whose face, in profile, she' could.'see clearly by the moonlight. She roused her husband, nnd he, to prevent the intruder escaping, entered the dressing-rpnin by the door leading into the passage, bu t-found liobiidy in the room, Nevertheless, so sure was the Indy about-wli’it she l»nd sepsi. t.lmt next dny the 'policeman on ’the- heat |iad a full description of the midnight visitor given hint.. A to"' days I iter, when the My/,wis>iyipg an afternoon call, her attention wns caught by a large wall-portrait of a Ilian in military uniform.. “Excqse me,” «bp snj.l, ex citedly, to her! hostess. ’Mlmf that picture lias exactly t|ic face of the man I saw in my dressing-room the other night." The hostess looked startled, o Wily,” said site, “ tlmt.’s a portrait of Capf. S——t—, who blow! his brains nut ttoiiie 18 mujith's ago : iit/.the house you are n'f'f i'l.'’, "> .A tourist writes, i tii. llri Leader - •• “ Oriviu”dr-lur Brifity-1“ iHiirrietville, th .lit. Sts niil^'frh-nv-i.hM.’.diitftir |dupi I ill.- , t■;(.r;i-■ iiiM is:.astni<i-i'ic;I; t > 'soe' j ■ miiiiMir. - deposits pf earth ami . stono-i I ’ eireud out. >>>cr manyjusrra id ttetent t y(ng at the foot of several gullioa ) which indent Iho Morse’s Creek range. This ie' the debris washed down from the raugo about two months ago by the waterspout whose ndvont was duly chronicled in the Argus Tho road in several places is .raised several foot above its original .level, mid the laud on either side presents a scene of deso lation. Several small farmers, having holdings on tho low-lying ground, hnvo suffered considerably. The greatest damage has been sustained by Mr. M'Mahou. At tho time of the inun dation Mr. M'Mnhon’s two daughters only wero at home. Tho Hood water charged with dislodged debris, and conveying two large snakes, filled the houso to the height of about 3ft. Miss Lucy M'Mahon, knowing that the Ovens coacli was about due, made her way from the house through tho surg ing waters in dense darkness, under blinding rain, nnd^warned the driver of tho conch bofore he reached tho most perilous part. A gold watch and chain is to be presented to MissM‘Mahon in recognition of her, .bravery. To show tho forco of the inundation, ii slate boulder brought down by tho torront was weighed by’Mr. Davoy, the well known manager of the Havrictville mines, and found to weigh -1 tens.” " You’d bo astonished, sir,” said the undertaker, *' what trouble wc has with noses—particular if they’re wlmt you call good noses. I remember once we was n-coffiniu' an’ old lady who 'ad a fine Roman nose, just like tho Dook o' Wellington, sir, and w’on we come to screw her down we found the coffin wasn’t deep enough. ‘ Never mind, Jim,’ says Bob,' wo can’t ’olp it now ; put your knee on the lid,’ Well, wo got ’er fixed all right, and were just leaving, w’en a woman comes in screamin’ an’ sayin’ she must have one lost look at the dear departed. ‘ Too late, mum, she’s screwed down,’ says Bob. ‘But I must,’says she. ‘You can’t,’ says he. She persisted so much and made such a row that in the end we 'ad to give in. Bob was shukin’ as we undid the screws, for it was as wo expected—the fine Roman nose was as Oat as a pancake. ‘ Deal- me,’ says the woman, ‘I should never ’a ve known her: ’ow altered!’ ‘Yes,’ says Boh, ‘Death’sa mighty leveller, mum,,’ and ! we ’ad ’cr fixed up again in a jiffy. The same thing’appened another time, but it was a pauper case. To prevent similar hnccidents we was in the ’abit of carryin’ sufficient tools to set things right; so this time we gouged a bit out of the under-side of the lid to make room. Unfortinatuly we left it too thin, and just as we was puttin' in the j last screw, up- pops the Dook o’ Wellinton through the top. ‘ Good ’eavins !’ says I, ‘ wot’s to be done now!' ‘ Oh, uever mind,’ says Bob, * I'll soon fix that.’ So ho up and takes a chisel and pares it off nice and flush, ami then rubs a bit of soot over the place. ‘ The.re,’ says he, ‘ it'll never be noticed.’ And no more it wasn’t!" said tbe un | dertaker cheerfully.—Bulletin. 