PWIMMWIBQMMMW—I— art— THE NOVELIST. "All's Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER XXII. Betty locked up Mr. Graham Harker's letter within her desk, nnd snid nothing about it to anyone, by which act of un selfish lovaltv and cood nature sho was the unconscious means of bringing many dire misfortunes upon others in whom sho was interested. Meantimo a glowing J uno had passed into a burning July, and a hot dry August. Tho river was tlio one great resource of tho Rcvelsworth household during these torrid days of an unprece dented hot summer, and almost every afternoon tho Bkiff and tho punt, or tho punt and ono of Hercmon O'Mcara's boats were requisitioned to convoy the five young pcoplo picnicking up tho river. By tho lily-bordered banks at Penton Hook they lunched in the sunny after noon beneath tho pollard willows and among tho tall foi'got-nie- nots, over which tho dragon-fly hovered. Or they pushed up b6yond Datcliot, and before tho heights of Windsor loomed abovo them in the gray symmetry of historic ago they flirted, nnd mado tea under a certain tree whoso far- reaching branches formed a leafy screen from the passing boats outside. Halcyon days of uncliaperoned hap piness, the sweetest perhaps for a certain inward conviction folt by each one of the party that this comradeship was but a tiling of days, and this quiet the lull before tho storm. Certain elements among this party of five made it impos sible that such enjoyment could bo lasting. Victor's passion for Francesco, seemed to become intensified as his bodily strength failed day by day through the burning summer. Gradually he 1»R a' 1 ansht. R"" ' isg p-rrii .. ' <1 ' ii.i'l 'lit'" j';h August, it was often iho'u'ut v.'.v isa: h', if the day was to F' s long '<» lo''>e him VehiiKj. ' . ,'Iiy iYtis tun'.' V- ' temper ! ! ; j, : I-,'- j ,„usy increased to something liko mania. Ho slept but little, and lost nil appetite for food, seeming capable of nothing but to watch Francesca with hollow longing eyes. She, for her part, was to all outward appearance perfect in her manner towards him, tender, gentle, and considerate, while sho gave no encouragement to his passion — at least, in the presence of others. Again nnd again, as they sat together alone in her luxuriously-furnished 1 den,,' and he devoured her witii his oyes while sho worked at iter upright etnbroiderv- frame, or picked out tunes, with fair head bent over the lute upon iter knee, Victor would implore her permission to make their engagement public, or at least to let him confide in his brother. 'It tortures mo, my dear one,' lie urged upon her, 'to see Dudley watch you as you lie on cushions in the punt, or as you sit by Betty's side while site is steering. I cannot bear that evon you should make mo hate my brother. And yet, when you look into his eyos as you .sometimes do, and let your hand rest in his when lie helps you in and out of the boat, T feel my fists clench in a longing to strike him. But it is not lii3 fault, lie does not know that you aro my promised wife. But, now that our aunt is dead, there is no .sense, no reason in keeping our engagement a secret. Will you not bo pitiful? Can you not see that love and jealousy together are killing mel' Ho had flung himself upon the ground at her feet. Francesco, looked at him intontly — looked at tlio worn pallid face, tho sunken checks hollow eyes, and pushed back the damp hair from his forehead with her cool strong fingers. 'You certainly look very ill,' she said. I don't believe this house is healthy. It is too near the river ; and it does no one any good to livo in a haunted house. Do you ever hear that horrid rustling now?1 'Often at night, when I lie awake thinking of you. But it is not the house, Francesca, If you will niarrv me, I shall grow well instantly. If you will only let mo tell tho others, let 1110 fix an early date -' What was that I heurd you say t< Dudley,' she asked, interrupting him suddenly, 'about going to stay at yam mother's country house near Calais V 'All — it is the little mother's chateau. Dudley has told her in his letters lately all sorts of things, you understand, that are not quite true — sillinesses about- me, making her think I am very ill. And then that littlo Doctor Vernon — lie has been talking to Dudley, insisting that I should have cliango of air ' And do you want to go ?' A tired hopeless look came into tin young man's face. 'It is not that I want to go, Francesca, he murmured, lotting his head droop upon her hands as they lay folded in her hip, and covering them with qot kisses. 'But sometimes it seems to me that I shall not livo in this way many months longer. I can neither eat nor sleep — sometimes it seems that I cannot brcutlie, and that something holds me closely by the throat, suffocating me. If it were not that- I cannot bear to bo away from you even for a day, I should be very, very glad to see my dear littlo mother again. And she loves mo so dearly, and is so clever at nursing, that sho would, I believe, inako mo well. But how can I leavo you here with Dudley and O'Meara, unless I can toll them that you have promised to be my wife?' 'Yet you mean to go?' Francesca asked. ' But for leaving you, my adored one, I should long to go for just one little week, perhaps. Think — it is nearly five months that I have not seen my mother ; and all my life I liavo hardly been so long away from her. Every day now Dudley says that I must go, and Doctor Vernon too. Tho littlo mother is not just now strong enough to come over, or sho would he here with mo now that Dudley has told her I am not quito strong. You shall hear what oho says to inc.' And, drawing a sheet of foreign note- paper from his pocket, Victor read aloud to Ilia cousin a portion of his mother's letter in tones which grew involuntarily tender as he repeated tho ' Littlo One s words. . " ' Come to mo directly, mon fds bicn- limA — come as soon as you read these words. My good husband is so clevor — he will soon cure "you ; and hero in tlio Ibeautiful sea-air which blows across our rabbit-wnrrens, you will soon bo strong and fat and happy again. Abovo all, your littlo mother, who loves you so dearly, so tenderly, who can never for ono moment forget her dear, dear boy, will never leavo you until you are quite well. My husband not think it well that I should cross the sea just at present — you know what a bad sailor I am — and then I am sure it is change of change of air and scene you uccd, You must confide every thing in mo when wo meet, mon cliere ; but I fear I can understand that you break your heart over a love-affair. It cannot be that charming littlo Betty of whom you botli talk so often, nnd whom I fcol I lovo liko ii daughter already, though I have not seen her. It must, then, be tho beautiful cousin, who you tell me is a widow. Oh, I do hope with all my heart sho will not treat you badly. Sho could not, if I could meet lior and plead for you. But come to your mother, my darling boy, and tell her all, and sho will console you and cry over you and laugh with you, as she lias always done since sho first held you, a weak littlo baby, in her loving arms.'" Victor's voice broke down as he read tlio concluding words ; but Frnncesea's face was calm and unmoved. ' A very kind letter,' she said rather wearily ; ' mid of course you must go.' ' I will, if I may tell her and the others that you will be my wife,' lie replied. 'Let me see,' Francesca said meditat ively — 1 this is Tuesday. To-morrow wo aro going to bo on tlio river all day. It is Walton Regatta, you know; and there will be fireworks and illuminations. We shu'n't be homo until about eleven.' ' Doctor Vernon told me this morning I must not go ; but ' ' But you must obey him, dearest,' Francesca said, laying her hand firmly oo.ui 'You must obey him for my ; ,-.ke. 'rito lo your mother to-night, and i ti l; I.-- lat you will cross to Franco by | the . ' ay boat on Thursday, if Doctor ! '.'i .' ii sinks you will be strong enough, j T in will go with you as far ns 1 may tell my mother?' ' You may tell her everything,' site said witii a sweet smile, placing her hand in his. ' But not by letter — only when you got there. And, as soon as you return from France, you may tell your brother also. Not- only that, but 1 promise, dear Victor, since you take it so much to heart, to marry you before thu end of this year.' ' My angel. Rut- T cannot leave you . here without telling Dudley.' 'You write to Dudley from France as soon as you have seen your mother, and tell him I will marry you 1 1 lis year.' ' Next month.' 1 Next lnontli, if you like, though that is terribly sudden. But mind — not one word to any one until you reach French shores. Tt is my caprice, my wish. And now let lno go, Victor dear, for I must break the news to my mother too.' Very quietly, very swiftly Francesca passed up the two flights of stairs to the invalid's room, and, after calling her mime outside the door, entered, and faced the little, wrinkled, black-eyes woman lying back in Iter chair. ' To- day is Tuesday,' she said, ill an \- impressive whisper. 'To-morrow we all go Walton Regatta for the day — all . except Victor. And on Thursday he in i going to France to stay with his mother.' The cunning black eyes met the cruel i blue ones. ; 1 1 understand,' said the foster-mother. I CHAPTER XX1TI. 1 That letter from Victor's mother which ! so completely failed to produce anv effect upon Francesca had moved little Betty tu 1 tears. But then Betty was a soft-hearted little soul, to whom tho word 'mother' was a dear and a sacred one. Somehow sho got 1 the idea into her head that little -Madame \ Victoirc, who hud spoken so kindly about her, would look to her to wateli over hct ' son, and viewed in this light, there were | symptoms in Victor's illness which alarmed and puzzled Betty greatly. In the bright sunshine at the regatta, as she and Hcreinon O'Meara and Ins St, Bernard sat in the skifl" together, tlir ' younglrisliiiian rowingand Betty steering, ' with the dog lying at her feet, she looked so serious that Hereiuoii remonstrated with her. 1 Even if you won't many me, Betty you needn't look as if you were at tend in i: ' a funeral when T take you out. For tiic ! life of me, I can't- see what you find t< admire in that Dudley Rcvelsworth. ! I le's a big hulking fellow, certainly: but I'm sure, from flic looks of him, that hi- temper isn't as good as mine, and ' '1 ant not thinking about Dudley at all, you silly Heremon, but about lib brother. ' Do you really mean to say you have so little proper pride that you can think twice about a sallow Frenchman, who it madly in love with our friend the pan- theress ?' ' Hereinon,' Betty exclaimed, 'if 1 hadn't known you long cnuugh to know how supremely absurd you can be, T should be very angry with you indeed. T shall think twice or I siioll think a hundred times of Victor, if T like, for his mother's sake. For do you know that 1 believe lie is dying.' 'So bad as that. I hope nut,' the young man replied, evidently much con cerned. 'Jle looked like deatli itself this morn ing,' Betty continued. 'Ho has developed a little hacking cough, and is spitting blood. T can't- get his face out of inv sight. Dudley wanted to remain at homo with liini : but Victor is very unselfish, and insisted that his brother should take Francesca in the punt to tlio regatta, because she lias never seen one - we have kept away from all those things on account of my dear Mrs. Revelswurth's death. Victor hopes to go lo France to-morrow, to stay with his mother and step father at tiieir country house. Bui T am more than half afraid he won't be strong enough to travel.' 'Poor chap. There seems to lie some thing wrong with Rcvelsworth House, Betty. First it was Briton the mastiff; then Mrs. Rcvelsworth herself dies of a sudden heart attack ; then Sikcs slinks off and is found dead in the yard outside — ' ' I believo that was grief for his mistress's deatli,' Betty interrupted. 'Anyhow, ho died,' Heremon returned. ' And now tlio Frenchman, who seems to mo an awfully nico fellow if lie wasn't so gone on Miss Rcvelsworth, is falling into a sort of decline. That's what Doctor Vernon said was the matter with him. You'd much better marry me and clear out of tlio place before it settles you too. You have never looked the same girl since the nigiit you had that ghost fright.' ' I can't forget it,' said Betty, with a littlo shiver. ' But now, Heremon, if you really want to please me, you will row me right away from the regatta and back home. You will lnugli at me for growing nervous, hut I feel 1 really must seo how Victor is getting on. Then you can row- mo back for the fireworks. Victor said lie meant to doze through the afternoon in his room, since lie couldn't sleep last night, and I asked cook to look after him, as Susan is going out. But I feel he ought not to lie left alono until the evening without some one at least asking how ho is.' Seoing that Betty hud mado up her mind, O'Meara reluctantly obeyed, and at fivo o'clock they passed over tlio 1 rollers ' by Molosoy lock, and landed on thu towing-path below the Palace enclosure. At tho door of Revclsworth IIouso they purted, it being arranged that Betty should cross over the Green to take a cup of tea with Heremon's mother before returning with him lo the boat. Letting herself in with her latchkey, Betty found the house wonderfully quiet. It was certainly Susan's afternoon out, but there seemed to be no one at all stirring. Possibly, Betty told herself, the cook luid accompanied her fellow-servant, ns tho party from the regatta were not expected back much boforo ten o'clock. But Victor would surely want some attention, and, feeling a little indignant on his account, Betty ran lightly up the two llights of stairs to his room on tlio second floor. To reach it she had to pass through Dudley's, and tlio outer door of this was closed. Betty tapped upon the panels ; but it would be difficult, as she knew, for any one in the inner room to hear a knock, and, oppressed with a sudden anxiety, she turned the handle of the door and, open ing it, stood just outside, listening intently. Presently, to her great relief, a long sigh reached her ears, for in tlio stillness she had half dreaded to find Victor already dead. The sigh was ropentod, and she could him turning testlessly upon his bed and faintly moaning. -Moved by irrepressible anxiety, she stepped lightly across the intervening space, and, on reaching tlio door of communication between t lie two rooms, she pushed it n little farther open nnd looked in. At first she could barely distinguish any object, owing to the blind being drawn half-way down over tlio window. Growing gradually accustomed to tlio semi-obscurity, she perceived that Victor was lying fully dressed hut for his coat upon the large old-fashioned ' four- poster' bed, tossing every now snd then restlessly from side to side. On a table close at hand, touching the curtains of faded crimson red which hung round the lied, stood a glass jug of tho American cooling drink with which Frnncesea was always so obligingly ready to supply her cousins and the other members of the household, and fionting in this were little lumps uf ice. . Tlio window was open, and the blind, blowing to and fro, pleasantly cooled tlio ! atmosphere of the room. A large framed portrait of Francesca in evening dress smiled down tho restless form on tlio bed from the opposite wall, and immediately beneath it a bouquet of fresh roses was placed in a glass bowl, ns though it were a votive offering. The room was perfectly tidy and cool, ami, as Victor appeared to he asleep, Betty was about softly to with- i draw ncr head, when a faint rustling, similar to that ghostly sound she herself hud so often heard in the corridors at night, attracted her attention to that side ; of the lied upon which the tablo with the jag of iced lemonade was standing. After a few second's pause, there came a slight sound. Rett' listened with ' strained attention. The apartment on ' the other side was, as sho knew well, tho so-ealled haunted room, into which she ventured but once during her five years' residence in Rcvelsworth House. This room was always kept locked, and it p seemed impossible that any sound except J the possible scurrying of rats nnd mice ' could proceed from there ; yet the convic tion gathered strength with Butty every i moment that some one was moving on the ! other side of the paper panelling which, ' as she knew, divided the rooms. ' Siie held her breath, watching nnd listening she knew not for what. And, ' us she watched, standing still and almost ' breathless in the darkened room, a feeling of sick terror began to oppress her, a certainty that she was about to witness ' for the second time some horrid sight which through till her life she was never ' destined to forget. Back upon her memory with startling vividness there i rushed the image of that ghostly form which had so terrified her on the night before .Mrs. Rovevelsworth's deatli — the fantastic figure in faded yellow brocade, with tlio dead face mocking the peurl- decked golden hair. She had really beheld it — she knew that, it had been no creation of a diseased brain, but an actual malevolent ' presence, sent, ns it would seem, from another world as a forewarning of deatli. Into this same room where Victor now lay half awake and half asleep, weakened anil wasteii by fever, tliey hud brought i t lie drowned body of Mistress Catherine , Penfolil, whose picture still hung in the ! ailjuining haunted room, which had at one time formed a portion of the same apartment. Could it. be possible, Bettv asked herself as she stood, trembling in every limb, with every nerve strained to , the utmost tension, that tho spirit of the dead girl was indeed hovering near, exer cising a malignant influence upon the living dwellers in old Poiifntld House, , where she herself had lovod anil sinned and suffered so many years ngo ! The rustling sounds began again, and a stealthy catlike footfall reached tho listener's ears. Suddenly her heart leaped within her, and her eyes, distended with horror, became fixed upon a point in the wall behind Victor's bed nnd immediately \- above the table. Out of tho heavy shadow cast by the curtain a ghostly hand seemed to resolve itself, a small clenched hand, the hand of a woman, coming apparently out of the wooden partition wall, and poised for a few seconds motionless over tho table. (to uk continued.) 