A VETERAN ACTOK. Mr. Henry Richard Harwood, who died on Saturday last, was the most versatile actor the Australian stage lias seen. In his youth he be longed to the Lambert-Rogers school, a ,;roup of sterling actors and thorough artists .f a generation that has long passed away. 1 f anvood's range was most extensive, from, loivn in Christmas pantomime to the ghost if Hamlet's father. Between these ex tremes he sang in opera bouffe, played Brutus, Richmond, a juggler in " The Bride of Abydos," the Jew in " Flying Scud," and Cassandra in " The Siege of Troy," a burlesque by W. M. Akhurst, the very successful writer for the stage in the sixties and seventies. It was in the " Siege .f Troy " that Miss Docy Stewart and Miss Marian Dunn scored their first successes. Burlesque in those days was refined, and i lie grot?efi|ll acting and excellent singing of i lie t*W> litis packed the Theatre Royal Mijrhtty P1 months. Whatever Harwood undertook, no matter how insignificant the ;,«rt, he studied it earnestly, and although -iage necessity forced him into roles quite out of his element, he always gave a most intelligent reading of them. And his career u as such a long one that the contemporary .if Rogers and Lambert and Coppin (of the lii st period) was seen taking up new parts like the Uncle in the " Private Secretary " i with Thornton) and the Parson in Trilby." long after the famous comedians the fifties and sixties had passed out of i ml ilic recollection. Harwood Avas a humorist of the first order. In Sydney, 1855, Harwood made his first appearance on any stage, appearing as Klavius Corunna in " The Fall of Tarquin." After that he turned prompter, and learned t he art of stage management under Craven and Lambert. From the legitimate drama lie drifted into circus business, and became leading equestrian under Jlr. G. B. W. Lewis. At Geelong, Ballarat, Bendi^o, &c.;, he played Mazeppa without a double, u most arduous undertaking. From paper hoops and ground and loftv tum bling he returned to tne legitimate, appearing at Geelong as Leonato to Sir G. V. Brooke's Benedick, in " Much Ado About Nothing." After that lie got his first Melbourne engagement, as Pistol, in "The Merry Wires of Windsor." That was in 1855, at the old Theatre Royal, under the management of Messrs. Hoskins and Simmonds. Perhaps the drollest of Harwood's eccentric comedy impersonations were Blueskin in "Jack Sheppard," and Mo Davis in "The Flying Scud." His best liiu'li comedy parts were Sir Oliver Surface, i. School for Scandal," and Braban ti<> in "Othello," both highly-polished bits of t ng. In 1867 he went into management h;ih Messrs. Lambert, Vincent, Bellair, Stewart, and Hennings, the scenic artist. The firm prospered. A few years later it was reconstructed, the ''members being Messrs. Harwood, Stewart, Hennings, and Coppin. The system of yearly visits to Eng land in search of talent was commenced then, and Mr. Harwood twice went to Lon don for Btars. Australia was then very little known amongst the theatrical profession, and a manager had to undergo severe cross examination from would- be applicants. One question put to Mr. Harwood was "Ain't you afraid of the blacks coming down and spearing you while you are acting?" and another, "Now, what money have you out there equivalent to our English sovereign?" Hard work and thrift enabled Harwood to .^ave a very fair, fortune, which, unfortu uately, he invested in bank shares, putting all his eggs in one basket. During the bank ing crisis of 1893, some time after he had practically given up the stage, and made himself and Mrs. Harwood snug for life, the eggs fell out of that basket, and Harwood VETERAN ACTOR : THE LATE H. B. HARWOOD. (Tuttle and Co., Photo.) had to resume acting when a sex agenarian. With all his own finish and care, he took up the role of the uncle of Little Billee in "Trilby," the last part he ever appeared in beforetheAus tralian public. He was twice married, his second wife, who survives him, being Miss Docy Stewart, eldest daughter of Mr. Richard Stewart, and herself in years gone by as famous and popular as Nellie Stewart became in recent times. Miss Maggie Stewart is the third sister in a well-remem bered trio. 