THEY WALK THE NIGHT.J THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. The numberless superstitions which beseb humanity in the past are almost gone, and with rapid strides the world becomes daily more matter of fact. Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe in them. Its habit nowadays is to want to put its hands on things, to know by touch as well as sight that the things are there before it believes, but nevertheless ghosts move here and there in the throngs, and intelligent people are convinced that they are actually super natural visitors. A case in point is the Bentorn thost, which is attracting much attention. A farmer named John IV. French arid.hisa wife were the first to see the appartlion, They live in tihe country near Benton, and ware driving home one night from a neigh bour's. The road pnased an old church, moss covered and surrounded ky a grave yard, overgrown with sinlubbery and filled with the bones of hundreds who once tilled the soil in the locality. Ten years ago an aged man who lived alone not far from the old church and visited the graveyard almoso daily to pray over the resting place of some relative, was fuailly murdered for tile stord of gold he was supposed to have hidden about his hermiu abode. The robbers and murderers oscap..d justice, and the luckless greybeaurd was buried in the graveyard where he sapra so much time. Just as French anrd his wife drew within sight of the white headstones in the churchyard the horses reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror, Frencl was alarmed, and, arrpecting highwaymen had been scented by the horses he reached for a gun, but before his hand touched it he was startled by a scream from his wife. Clutch ing his arm, she Ipointed straight ahead and gasped : " Look, John. Look i " Far down the road, just beside the glim mering monuments of the old graveyard, he suw an apparition. It was that of a moan with a long white beard sweeping over his breast. The figure appeared to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it carried a club, such au the brains of the old man had been beaten out with ten youears beforeo. Slowly raising one arm, the ghlost with a mnaestin swreep beckoned French to come i on. He was too startled to do anything I except try to restrain the praneing horses, which were straininrg at the hurnoes in at tempts to break away and run. A cold sweat started out all over the body of the farmer as he realised that he was at last lookinig at a ghost, arnd then tihe sound of Iis wife's voice came to him, begging him to return the way they had comae and ereape the doom which seemed impending. French was still too much scared and excited to constol the hiorses, and as he guyed stead fastly at the fearful white object itn thee road it slowly began to move toward thesm, Tie club was now raised to its shoulder, as a soldier carries a rills, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered his faculties. Whirling his team around, he lashed the horses into a run and sot out for the house of the friend he had just left. Whrn they arrived there, both tile marn and his wife were almost fainting fronm tright. .The next man to see the ghost.was Mil ton Moon. Ho had the reopuotion for being not unly a man of intelligence, but one without fear. His exporience was much the sarme as that of the Freeches, and it brought about several investigations by parties of people. In each case they saw and were convinced of the actual presence of the ghost without being able to discover any satisfactory explanation. An intoresting American ghost is that which is eard to dwell in the Forbes manor house atButh-on-the-Hudson, near Albany. One night about thirty years rgLo thile manor house wns the blazing scene of it social gathering, Just what out of the ordinary hapuened trhat igiht nobody iin Bath knowva. But something did happen, lor everybody in Bath says so. At any rate, it was a gala night, but the next morning all the servants excepting four faithful ones, who had been with the famrily for many years, were die charged, and shortly alter breakfasb t ill the members of the family left the manor house in carriages. No good-byes were said. I Behind them they left their beautiful home as:t hod been the day before, On the mantols and dressers wore the pictures of friends; in the bureaus and lockers and chests were their clothes ; on the desks their letters and papers. Trinkets lay on the tables forgotten. The doors were looked, the curtains pulled down, and the house closed for all time. A roan ini black is said to walk that house every night, mumbling anrd moaning as he passes up and down the broad stairway. Snores of people assert that they have heard him, and a feweay that they have seen him. One of the latter describes him as follows : Ilis hair was long and curly and parted on the side, his eyes were bright, his features clearly out, and his face paln. He was emooth shaven, and woro a high standing collar and a black bow and stock. IHe was in evening dress and wore no jewellery ex ceat a gold fob. For a moment he rcesed moumbling, and then began moanig aund walked away. Be passed the door, walk. ing toward the stairway. The ghoet hunter tiptoed to the door and watclhed hIin ascend tihe stairway till he was half-way to thie top, when he stopped as tbough he bad encoun tered another person. eo raised his lai nds appealingly, and fell backward with a shriek that rang throughout the house and was answered by thie echoes. His bead struck a marble step, and thinking he had been injured the watcher ruseod to the spota. H esaw nothing., T'ho history of this cihost is tightly locked with the family, who now live in thie old Forbes mn slno , New York. IPaul Simonon Forbcs purahased tIhe manor hIouse il 1850 from tie Van Rronselaers, with 0O0 soates of land. He paid 93,000 dollars for :'t, wicih was considerably less than the cost of the house,the hind being practically thrown in. The manor house is now thie property of a Boston man, Nathanicl Stone. Tie ncient ihouses of England have al ways been favourite haunts of phosts. Suausex, wioch, of all the English counties, has retained .its old charaoteristlos the most, has a good many ghoste who are still realities in tlhe eyes of thie ruseticas of that hlttle visited dietrict, whcl was once the contre of Ergland's iron industry. There is thie leadless manu of St, Lronard'a forest, kniown as Squire l'aulett, who jumps uponr thie crupper of a hIorseman ontoring the forest nnd remains there until clurr of it, Therar is the drurnmmer of hursatnoncoauc, Black'L'dogs, a favuurito shalue iassumed by ghosts all over Bnglande, hanut all dark lanes and lone byronds, and under many a sequest.ered wooden bridge a woman tn be seen spinning, x bile on the old cattle road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the larebes, known as the Drove way. a goblin may be seen, on any dark, wild night incessantly spinning charcoal. Norfolk is another county which teems with ghosts. t There is a pale, long-haired woman who. runo shrieking among the pits on Aylmorton Heath. There is a great black "shuck dog "-the word " shuck " is said to mean the devil-which has a blazing eye in the centre of his forehead, and has a brother at Peel uCatle, in the Isle of Man, the spirit of a murdered prisoner. I Then young Lord lacre,who was murdered in 1565 by his guardian, Sir Richard Ful. meraton, who arranged that a rocking. horse or, which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Blickling Park once a year in a hearse like coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her lap, and her father,Sir Thomns, does the samo thing. At Cailtor Castle there Is another coach and headless team, and yet another near (Great Molten. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight and, with its load of four headless dripping white robed ladies, passes slowly round the field and sinks again; and tradi tion says that at Ihis spot long ago a bridal party were upset into this pool and never seen again. 