COMPLETE STORY. frtruLisTiED Br special - in ni \0EMEyr j,.!/ * THE MILLIONAIRE'S BRIDE, \- By JOHN K. LEYS. fcorrBiGirr] 7-T is unneces sa ry "for me To detail the circarastan -, which I "be- j came confi- ] dential clerk and assis tant to- rav old schoolfel low, Ludovic Sterne, solid tor. The fol lowing: is a n account of a rem arkable case which oc cupied us for some time — one of the most remarkable, I venture to" think, that was ever brought to :i solicitor's office. One morning while Sterne was from home, a card was brought to me bearing: the name: ALLAN F. COHBEIT. 1 knew that on American millionaire calle i Corbctt was then redding -in L ndon: and it occurred to me that this might be the same roan. It turned out that 1 was right. "Show him in,'* said I; and the next momenta young man not yet thirty, with fair hair, a pleasant but rather weak face, and a dispirits air, entered the room. 44 "When will Mr. Steyne be back ?" was the first thing he said. "To-night or to-morrow morning,"* I re plied. " l'erhaps you would rather wait and see him." He hesitated, and I asked him to sit down. •'Or, if you prefer to state your case to me, I wfil report to him this erening," I added. "Perhaps that would be best," he said, wearily resting his head upon his hand. " I feel as if X wanted to confide in somebody right away. I am sick of keeping the affair to myself. It weiahs on my mind.'* Of course I toldliira that I was entirely at his service; and ho proceeded— ' " Perhaps you may have heard' that I liavo a large pile of dollars. JTj father left about ten million dollars, and most of them came to me when he died. I suppose that is tbo reason the scoundrels have gone for me."' "What scoundrelsr" "That's just what I want to find out. Every Monday morning for the last six weeks I have received & threatening letter. Thev were all typewritten, posted in London. 1 burned them as soon as I got thc-m—all but the last—and tried to forget them. But I can't get the thing out of my mind. The feet is, it's getting on ray nerves." "You have the last of these letters with you?" ' 4 Here it is. The rest were all to the same effect." He produced a letter, written on an ordi nary sheet of typewriting paper, from his breast pocket, and handed it to mc. It ran as follows:— v 4 4 Sir,—I beg to inform you that a disaster, more awful and heartrending, than you can easily imagine, is now about to fall on you. There is bat one way by which this calamity can be averted. YouTnust immediately remit to Hew York the sum of one hundred thou sand dollars (£20,000), and place it to the credit of the account of Thomas Sinclair, at Sullivan's Bank, in Ninety-seventh street. This offer will remain open "for fourteen days only. If before the expiration of that time the money is not forwarded, no power on earth can-prevent the terrible,misfortune above predicted falling upon you; and .to the end of your days you will regret that you refused to be warned in rime.—Your well wisher, "A. Soocosds." "But since nothing has happened in spite of your disregard of the previous warnings," said I, putting the letter carefully into a drawer, "perhaps no harm is really meant." "I was given eight weeks to hand overthe money in." answered the young man gloomily. " then seven, then six. Now, you see, the time is reduced to two." " Can you think of any special reason why that period should be fixed r" '•Unfortunately I can. I am to be married in exactly two weeks' time." "Ah!" " Yes: I am engaged to Miss Harcbmont, a daughter of the late General Sir Edward Harcbmont, and that brings roe to - another point that rosy be worth mentioning. Lady Harcbmont lives at Lucknow House, Wimble don.' It is in a lonely situation; and Lady Marchmont, who is of rather a timid disposi tion, has been alarmed by the report that doubtful looking characters have been seen hanging about the neighbourhood. She applied to the police, and received n civil note to say that there seemed to be no special cause for alarm, but that the local constables bad been instructed to keep an eye on the house, and warn all tramps and suspicions lookiug people off the premises." This was all Mr. Corbett had to tell rae ; and as there .was no necessity for immediate action, I told our new client that I would repeat his atory to Mr. Steyne as soon as he came back, and arrange for another inter view. Mr. Sterne returned thai night; and I at j once placed before him a precis of the facts I have here set down, along with ibe threaten ing letter. Steyne read them in silence. " Send a wire to Mr. Corbeti ashing liim to. call at ten to-morrow morning,*1 was all he said when he had perused them. ^ . At ten next day Mr. Corbeit. made Jus appearance, accompanied by Colonel March mont, an uncle of the bride elect. He was a tall, upright, fresh- coloured man, a soldier! every iuch of him: and I guessed that he conld be self-opinionated and ■ obstinate to a degree. " lam afraid, Mr. Corbctt.^ said Steyne, plunging at once into the business, "that jours ia r.y no means an uncommon predica ment. Many attempts are made to blackmail wealthy men. And it seems to me that in these cases there are only two courses open to the person attacked—pay up, or fight the scoundrels to the death." "Fight them !" cried the colonel, twisting his long white moustache. % Corbett looked as if he were not- exactly in a fighting humour. 4• It's not for myself th&klmind;," he began nervously clearing his throat," "though, of ' course, I would not know a moment's peace, | thinking of what those fellows might hare it I in their headsto do to me. It's Emily—X (mean Miss Marchmont—I'm thinking of. You rcad tbat infernal • police' inspector's letter?" • • "Yea," answered Sterne: " but really T don't pee tbat Lady Jfarchmont lias any particnlar cause for alarm." . "That's what I tell her," put in the colonel! " But don't you think they may mean to strike at mo through JEss'Jfarchraont'?" pursued the young fellow, searching* Stcyne's inscrutablc_faeo with eager eyes. " They speak of my marriage—no; but they mention fourteen days. That is what they mean. They knotr that I would part with every dollar I posses* rather than that Emily should ie to barm." hAUan! I sec what you are driring 'at!" shouted the colonel; "and I tell you you will forfeit every atom of respect I have for you if you give in to the demands of those rascals. And let me tell you this—the chances are that if they bleed you once 'they will bleed you again, till they reach your bottom dollar. * Is it not so, Mr. Stoyne?" Stcyne grarely'asscnted. " Then you agree with rue that it is beat to defy them-throw their outrageous letters into the fire, and forgot it ?" • " I don't say that exactly," saidrny chief," slowly. "I think that" every precaution should be taken to ensure'your • safety, and Mta MarebmontV—though there eooraa to he no evidence that she is specially aimed at, I fear those rogues mean business; and I will ; tell joa why. 'I know this Sullivan of New: ' York, their banker, who is to net, prncticdljr, - : as their fence. Ho is one of the great*** . rogues unhung. ~ But tho gang who" at*"' trying to blackmail you must bare capital.'. since he is their cashier. Keep indoors, and don't po unattended, and let Miss Slnrthmoat : do tho same." " But we can't keep up that all our live*!" cried Cotbett, impatiently. "Don't yous« ' that yon uco condemning us to-live almost like tlio Czar? Would it not be possible tw lay some trap for those fellow*, and catco. them, and so get rid of them ? I wonld gm*. ft thousand pounds this moment to.tfcri that I needn't fear them any wore. If ZDJ' thine- were to happen to Mis* Karchrawitl should go mud. Can't something* bo doocv Mr. Sterne?*' •' "Not. in the way yon mean. - They . answer no advertisement, you mnv bo• and yon scotho money is to bo w America. All you ean do is to ho ready them in case they try to carry out'toe* threats. You carty n revolver?" "I havo done so lately. But I ®®*°l afraid for myself. 'How are we to got»tf> : Marchraont to -idiut. herself up-as yon ^g' . gest? ! haven't told her of theso letters, because she iseo I»»gh*jpintfid1w»- • *h<r would ' merely langh at Marchmont, now " «Iflter-in-law would (lie of friBlit, I ,-oSvt "30" «c t° tell her," prtn, i^HnK Miss Manilimont ojiglit.to know I H mi..,ve been threatened," ftaid.Steync. Ifn you 3ik0'i«ai ca».°? l^<=r, aud try to ■i^iraoi her my opinion tlint tho men '"Koto those lottcWTnrp not nans mere htthreats; 'Perhapi.I could poistwdo her Stoat least some ordinary precautions. • .vrLnto—I wish von' would. But when * w «hall be'110 better off than iSaW'wM -Corbatt in a melancholy ' - »«I wish to goodness they would 'CkroeaiH'do th'cir best lo.murdcr nie% It wodd he sneh n relief to. know that they had ^lurotT'd''iine 011 his card to introduce .his betrothed, and thou the Snaire and his friend dopurteu. .... it m haunenod that my employer was prc J £d from goiua to Wimbledon that titcmoon and I was despatched m Ins stead. Ifound Miss Marchmout aud her sisters three (banning and sensible girls. _ Their pother was an invalid, aud was tor the most Jtood in a solitary oart of tho country ; and it was not well protected,, the household consisting of women servants and a mge boy. I told the thrco young ladies that Mr. Cwtett had received a threatening letter—1 did not ear he. had - received six—and was crcatiy, perhaps unduly, alanned, being mider au apprehension tliat danger threatened his bride; and I suggested that to ensure his peace of mind they should liiro a manservant, and that in particular she should never go out alone, hliss Emily fell 'in-with my sug .tstions at once. • I could sco that she under wood and appreciated' her lover's uuxiety on her account, aud that, .like him, her thoughts were more in the future tli'au iu the present—that she dreaded more tho effect of a aries of threats, kept up perhaps for years, upon her betrothed, thau any actual danger in the frcseut. . .• Our conversation did hot last very long, oudl wasg&iug; downstairs, oil my way out when I inct,: to my amazement, on the stairs," thcladv front whom Iliad just parted, Euiily Marchmont liersclf." Per a moment a super? ititious dread, mastered me. I stood stock rtili gazing'at- the apparition—as it seemed to me—drawing slowly nearer. Then I saw toy mistake. 'The "girl was not Emily March rooat. Close* at baud the likeness wasmot so staking, but at tho distance of n few feet it was positively startling.' • The gill's height, carriage, poise ami shape of the head ami cast of-.features .seemed absolutely identical witli those of Miss Alarchmont. - • Ere I reached the front door an idea struck me. I tunicd'ou my heel and slowly.went baitothedrawrng-roojh.. . Pardon ine,"' I snid on re-entering the room,-"bat I met", just now on the stairs a pirl who bears a singular resemblance to yon, linajr.*.* • " Isn't it odd ? " cried'the youngest Miss Marchmout. " Evcryohc notices it;" "Butwhoisit?"'. ^ J.' .. " Only our maid, Forbes. . We came across her once" when we .were.staying, at an hotel iu Scarborough, and-eagaged her beeause of her likeness to Emily, in order that we might get her. to play in some private .theatricals wc had on view where the point of the play- was a mistaken identity. It succeeded splendidly. Even-body in the room thought that Forbes was Emily; and .in the middlo of her acting tho real- Emily came iu .and confronted her. The peoplestared as if they had seen a ghost; and the applause was quite dGafemng." " "V I "Don't chatter eo, Dorothy," said her eldest sister; and she turned on me n look which seemed jo ask nie for an/explanation of i my condnct in'returning. . J "It ban just occurred to me," said I,: "that'possibly'we.may.be.abld to make use! of this accidental resemblance. Your great i wish," turning to Emily; " is to do .sonic thing which would put" u final stop to this annoyance. Now it is my 'belief, aud Ifr. Corbctt's as well, that the rascals who wrote the threatening letter mean to strike him,'if they strike at all, through you. • And by far the most likely plan for", them to, adopt would bo for them. to try to' abduct you, and hold you to ransom.: 'Pray . do not misunderstand me," I added hastily, for a wared look came info Miss Emily's face. "I do not for one moincut suppose that they will mako tho attempt, much less do I Imagine that thoy could succeed in carrying out any such crime. Bat if they have any serious plana underlying, their threats, we may bo pretly sure that thoy take, the* form. of earfy iogyou off by force or fared, and holding you to ransom. They demand twenty thou sand pounds now of Mr. Corbett. . For that rom they vrill graciously conscut to leave him (and you) alone." But if thoy really suc ceeded iu hiding, you away it would not be twenty thousand, but two hundred, thousand would domand as your ransom„ . . ' • . " But, Mr. Farrar, are such things possible ma country .like ours?" asked the eldest enter... * ''Ih^dly think the attempt .would suc ceed, said I:but it might certainly be ma,c; One cannot be always on'ouc'a guard, aud tho police cannot be everywhere, as some people seem to think they ought to bo. Our ami is that if the attempt is mada to carry out these threats, tho. blackmailers should uot get 0 money they arc scheming for, but get Clt"eht and sent to penal servitude." ir Bow is that to be m ir T,xac 'V • But bow is that to be managed, Mr.Farrar?" 3 , su=Ecation is tlria—that • from now ^ I *b° evo. of tbc wedding Miss Emily uould be somewhere else—say, in London, oue her maid should bo lent to some friend need of a maid who lives a good way off. at would be given out to the world—to scr r.L„„i.^3 mcn» ^i'v'nds, and acquaintances— _roybody, in short. But all the time the d and mistress would have changed places. '?n e*e® °f the conspirators would aid weiying them. If they make any atteiiipt you? mS" tein;Uhc raai'1 -<11 Nor need Forbes bo un<L°K!'Fe aUo?et!l«'-1 ns to her safety. Sbo Wn i"y "PPrrflensiou captors that sbo i,X amp!0 reason that they muTfcn'T' «ra^ ono would payalai»» «?!!, » at no And when s£e return! 1 ° ra,,sora "Wo, .|ramno?«t? ?uc rl0tlTia tWilI> !» Hnch iuformation a* ifni? H ' to ?'« tore of the who!o ™iutl <° «he cap pl» Ct'the ?L"ire df »hM ** this I really necessary ^ Forte^0 ^0"1 WMi for, and I wn„ '£. Y •? was through.. .IwshtluWitS SHxri® v'"W however, and took care to nT/ati™T *1 cJusion, that I fdt certain t W vr " ion" weald & Willing to prom™ her a rei'-v^ some present in the hrenbqf-the'tlw I g?gt&&jg;'.V5! ^^25355 m reality the millionaire'sbride ** p|Sy p'^k flU^ her, and. two hundred pounds if the In HPiratora were arrested. u" .The details were left' to the MiseeJ |^^r^cs£S g™» »,Bayswatci- for herself ami Ehst Sout^' tf IW-MeJ 83 1I!33 Emily Miirch mout. It was given out that Mi-s Kniiv h id •sassEawsttaaS BPftBssttwa a?" t' f^fa°Bellihghmn h£sV^* aunt of the bride. She lived by hertelfht a ' small heusc near the Than.esf not far from I «a?»afte±« f? , d«r111 tlio mistres-stj room w«w EhVi Skion!'3^ aW-hmontWml. LadV ^rolimont s own servants wcro ker.tin Si fimply kicw that Miss Sidle I and ihar Forbes were from home-ther sm"! posed that tboy were both of them in Li,id™ I Twioo a week Miss Boiling-ham'sdderlv triAEmavl^ rM ,t0 .'Enuines Wiohham , y .hPorehmont, in time to catch the urly morning truiu. Tho train took Miss I a nd L, 'r°f.'°, Wimbfcd™! »»* there rim alightedaad took a cab home. This sho did I r" mo'her s sake, bat the utmost eare and I raution were observed, both iu some-and re »• « w irc', Uf 00UMJ' WoUies befit tius.her supposed, station in life. Oo tlr other hand, the sham Emily Marehmont earno homo frequently, and always iu the open day. A little inquiry showed that the tradesmen and neighbours habitually took her for her mistress. In a word, the trans thoroughly and artistically < When oue of tho two weeks had gone by Oorbctt carao to see us again. Ho had received another anonymous letter that mom !nf; " was rather different from tho others in that tho writer asspmed mi air of contenip. tnous insolence, as. of a man who whs already .master of tho situation. If Mr Corbett chose to" remit twenty thousand pounds hy cable to Now. i'ork within the nu t throe days, tho money would still boao ccpted, and no further claim would bo made. ri not, let Mr. Corbett look out for him self. Ho could not say that he had not bccii ; fairly warned. And more to tho same effect. "The impudent blacklegs !" cried the young American, as he walked in a state of excitement up and down my chief's consulting room. " Let them look out for themselves, that's all. I have this with me day and night"—he showed us the handle of. a revolver sticking out of his , pocket—" and I've engaged a giant of a j fellow to go about with me. They can't touch ir.c ; and if they try any games on with Miss Miirchmout they'll burn their diners uiccly, won't they ? " " I have uo doubt they will, Mr. Corbett," I returned, seeing that my chief was plunged iu thought. " Miss Forbes seems au intelli gent and spirited girl^ aud she has been.fully instructed. If they presume to lay a finger upou her, they will Had that they have caught a Tartar." Three days Later Corbett came again, and this time he was iu a state of nervous agita tion for wliich X could not accouut. At last it came out that that afternoon, in passing along the Strand, a big, broad- shouldered, red-haired muu had thrust himself in Cor bett's way, laughed impudently in his face, 'ami passed on. The incident was nothing in, itself; but I could see that the young follow was upset by it. Ho was convinced that the red-haired man was one of his hidden enemies, already gloating over bis victim; and'iudeed it was a trying situation for a man to be in. He believed that lii* foes were only waiting an opportunity to spring upon him, and yet be could not take a single step towards meeting them, or warding off the attack. It was ou the orening of the following day, just three days before the wedding—a dull, cold, misty night, more like November than March. About half-past seven at night Mr. - Corbett came to Brussels square, bis face radiant, beaming over with satisfaction. "We've got them!" he cried. "That* Miss Forbes gone! I're a telegram here from Miss Mudch-y,' Those rascals must liave nabbed her ou the way home to-uight. I wonder how they managed it!.. I suppose I she made uo resistance, dla !. ha ! they be mad when ihey fiud out'their mis jtake? I think I sec their faces when-she says 'Marchiuont? That is not my name, j I am Miss Forbes Miss Marchmont is' u»y mistress.' Ha, ha, ha I I say, Mr. Farror, : do you think we shall be able to put salt on ; their tails, eh ? Cau't I see Steyne 'i "When j will be be iu i I was in the act of answering him when I j heard Stsvuc's latchkey in the street door. |-He came in : but half .a uiiiiutQ later I heard I the door bang behind him. Ho had gone out j asptiu. Corbett rati to shout after him, but ; he was too late. Eight, -nine,'ten o'clock I struck, and my chief did not return; aud still I the youug American white.?, «s patiently as ; ho could. At last, about lmlf-past ten, Sieyne came i in. I saw at onca by his faee that something i had happened. "Wheu his oyes fell on Corbett | he stopped short, and a look of grave pity came into his face. Then ho walked up to the young man and took his hand. "Mr." Corbett," he said, "I am about to put your, manhood to the tost. A terrible thing has happened." Corbett became white to the lipr, and yet I saw hiin umke an effort to pull himself together. Outwardl\\\\.he was calm, and ho looked Steyne straight in the eye. "She is gone," said the young-man hoarsely, and I now saw that he was shaking from head to foot. Steyne nodded gravely. Corbett made a rash for tbe door, but the older man was tbe stronger of the two, and easily held him back.- - • . "What would you dor" said Steyne. "The last train for Thames Wickham has gone, aud if you walk or drive, you will only fatigue yourself to no purpose." Everything that nmu cau do, all that the organised police of the couutty backed by your enormous wealth can do, has been done, or is being dou'ent this moment. Take my advice. Try to remember that it is not the policy of the kidnappers to .injure Miss- Marchmont in any way. She will bo restored to yon very soon, I am certain. Go ho:nc aud try to get some sleep, and if you want to sec with'your own eyes what is being done, come' to the Holborn Town Hall at eight o'clock to-morrow inorniug." Obeying a look from my chief X put on my hat aud went home with Mr. Corbett. .He was very quiet, and leant, ou my arm as it he had been recovering from a fever. Every now and then a.savage look wonld come into his face, aud his fingers, I could see, were grasping the handle of his revolver. Once or twice a strong ahnddcr passed through him, as I have seen it with men who were sickening for some disease. : I hud iny doubts about tins plsa front the first," said Steyne to uie, as we walked over to the. Holborn Towu Hall next morning; " and I ought to have seen the significance of the girl Forbes changing colour when you first told her of the threatening letters. That was from uo mere "feeling of timidity. I have r.o doabt that she was in the plot from the first; and when you began to speak to her of the threatening letters she thought that she had been found'out." "Have you any idea how Miss Marchmont was spirited away ? " I ventured to ask. ' " I shall know in a few minutes," was the reply. The large room into which wo went was filled with men, employees, most of them, of various detective offices. Each one had had a map and a set of printed instructions given him—Stoyne had provided for all this .during his three hours' absence the night before. Suddenly Steyue's clear voice rang through thcroom. . "'Now, lads," he cried, "you have your work before you. The lady we are seeking left Wimbledon for Thames Wickham at 7.23 last night. I - find that the return half of a first-class ticket from Thames Wickham was given up at Hanwortb, .the station just before ; and I think it likely, therefore, that she left the train there and was induced to. enter a carriage—a fly, as they call it—which met the train. We want to find, that fly. Understand there is a gratuity of five pounds per man for the Job. One hundred pounds will be paid for any j new3 of the Lady after she left Wimbledon, and oue thousand pounds if such information leads to our firidiug her. .. A subdued cheer followed these words. ! Corbctt, who had been standing beside the speaker, turned bis pule, haggard face to Stcyne, and caught him by the arm. "See here," he whispered. " This came by this morning's post." It was another typewritten letter, i "The blow ha3 fallen. Fifty thousand | pounds, or securities to that amount, must be I deposited in Sullivan's"" Bank, as before | explained. When that is done Miss M. vrOl bo restored to her friends unharmed. If the money (or sccuritL*s)"is not deposited, she will never bo seen again alive." So ran this villainous letter. * " I must seed it," said Carbett, his voice hoarse with emotion. I- "Give roo two days!" cried Steyne) I ".Think what you arc doing if you yield to ' these men's demand-*. They trill at once idl their companions, and other rich men's wives or daughters will bs abducted. The crime will spread ; and who can tell what the conse quences may be? No harm will come to lliss Marchmont to-day. That is certain. Give me to-day. Every inn, every village, and farmhouse within driving distance of* Hanworth will be visited to-day. Every rural policeman will be questioned. News is stire to come iu before the evening. If not, you may advertise in the morning papers that you are" willing to come to terms. That will 1 give me a second duv. Two days are all I ask." j -The Americau turned away with a groan. | i Steyue drew me aside, i "For heaven's sake," he whispered,- "take him down to that place, "aud keep him going | about questioning folks. He will go maorif ■ he is uot allowed to think he is doing some thing.'' A dreary day that was for all of US'., I Trtis | told afterwards that many clues were re- i , ported. They were promptly examined by j ■ trained men "whom Stoyne had retained fur j the purpose ; one and all turned out worth On the afternoon of the second day, ; Corbetb and, I were driving from village to | village, questioning everybody that came v our way, Stcyne joined us. There was ; suppressed exvitcmeut about him that I well understood. "Don't you thluk," I suggested, "that Miss Marchmont may have been earned off down tbo river?" We were thou driving slowly along a road that lay close to the north bauk of the stream, which spread its sullen length before us. Steyne was walking by the side of our dog cart. "No," said my chief, sharply. "There ore locks every few miles. AU the lock keepers have been questioued. No lady went down in an open' boat, nor has any launch with a cabin passed down yesterday, or the night before." As my chief had done speaking, I noticed j that bis eyo rested on a houseboat that lay I moored near the opposite bank, under the I shelter of a group ot willows. ' \- " Whose is Jhat houseboat ?" he asked. " It belongs to soiue city man," said Cor bett, impatiently. "I dou't thiuk anyone has been near it since lost season." "We went on a few paces. Then Steyne sat down by the side of tho road, aud wrote a note on the leaf torn from his pocket-book. This he put into an envelope, which he scaled. . " Pleaso drive to Weybridge as fast as you can," he said to Corbett, " and give this note to the police superintendent there. You may jump down, Farrar, I may want you." In less than a minute the dogcart bad dis appeared. Steync and 1 went on till a clump of buslist hid the river from as.* v , . " Forrar/Mie said,in an excited whisper, " unless my eyes are not what they were, I saw a curtain move cm board that houseboat ! Let u.« stay here and* watch it. I Hare seat for a boat. . It- will be here by dusk." We.sat down and waited, taking turns-to watch the houseboat. So the hours passed till nightfall. i • The shadows were deepening: when we heard the sound of oars; presently a boat drew in to thebauk. Two men were rowing. Corbett and two policemen were in the stem sheets. Wo stepped in^ and pulled away for the houseboat. - Before we readied it we heard a noise on board, and we could just make out, in the darkness, a small boat with three , men. in l.cr, creeping out from between' the house boat and the river hank. " Give way, men!" cried Corbett. "Corse the fools! Why is there only one pair of earsr" . - The ..small boat, with its light freight, rapidly forged ahead. There was a slurp bend in the river just there; in another minute the boat would be out of sight. Suddenly a deafening bcream from a steam whistle burst on our cars. A steam launch, came rushing down stream, and crashed into the small boat. We heard cries from the water, hat before we could reach the spot they had ceased. Next day the three bodies were recovered. One of them Corbett recognised as th^ big. red-haired man who hud laughed in his face on the street. In a tiny bedroom on board the houseboat we fonnd Miss Marehmont, somewhat dared from a dose of opium which, (we supposed) had been given her in her tea, but otherwise perfectly well. With her, to our astonish ment, was Eliza Forbes! The girl" was pre pared to go to prison: but she had made her self eo useful to Emily Marehmont daring her detention on the houseboat, that the lady positively refused to allow' her to be prose cntcd. Miss Marehmont had been induced to lean the train at Hauworth by a false telegram which purported to come from Miss Beliiug ham, saying that suspicious persons had been hanging about the Thames Wickham station, and that she had better, therefore, alight at Hauworth, and drive home. The fly had been procured beforehaud/and was driven by one of the conspirators. It stopped opposite the houseboat, where the other two scoundrels were waiting for it. It was a lonely part of the country, and.Miss Marehmont was with out much difficulty forced into a boat and. taken to the houseboat, where Forbc3 was waiting to receive her. Two months later. Miss _ Marehmont, who had quite recovered from the shn«k of her abduction, became Mr?. Allan Corlet. . 