A HOPEFUL REVIVAL. Only a few weeks past we mentioned that on the Irish question there was a glimmer of light in the gloom. That is becoming still more evident with the nearer approach to the opening of the Imperial Parliament. At least it has become apparent that the predictions of those' faint-hearted Irish Nationalists who pronounced Home Rule to be dying, if not actually dead, were at fault. The cause was at low ebb, but there are gratifying indications that a return of the tide has set in. There is as yet, it must be admitted, no promise that the influx will be strong and rapid. In the natural order of things the flow may be as slow as the ebb was, but that is no reason why the high water mark for which we have to wait may not be much above the level of our former experience, and that was but a little way below our anticipations, and, therefore, but little short of the mark to which, for our success, it should rise. The cause has neither been dead nor sleepeth; it has been kept alive in the hearts of the Irish people, and in that depositary it ^as safe, and certain to rise again. That it still lived there was evidence, though of a sad character, in the jealousies and wranglings of Nationalists on questions touching its prosecution. That it survived as the dearest object of the Irish race was manifest from the constancy with which its supporters abroad adhered to it through bad report, though much discouraged and almost silenced by the untoward course events had taken. And still stronger evidence of its vitality, though at rest, was to be found in the unwillingness of either of the great English parties to altogether dismiss it from their consideration as something no longer worthy of the least attention. Home Rule has not been moribund, much less dead, and we shall be much surprised if the time be not near at hand when it will be indirectly heard of once more to some purpose. ^ The incident which revived our •Jjfppfys, when we last wrote on this -^subje^tvWas an approach that had .dbeen ffi^de to unity of action on the m'a$£;\point by the appearance of^lith;€rto estranged leaders on one>pla£fjbrm. It was a great thingvthat a first step towards a comply understanding had been thus taken. That two Nationalists, each of considerable influence, who had previously stood widely apart, had been induced to act in concert on a collateral question, but, nevertheless, one of national interest, gave promise of a still more satisfactory state of things. And events are now moving to a realisation of that hope. Mr. Redmond expressed a wish for unity in terms not open to distrust, and Mr. Dillon, as will be seen from a report in our Irish intelligence columns, has responded to that advance on conditions such as Mr. Redmond considered essential to a reunion of the divided forces. There is no reason whatever, as Mr. Dillon very properly says, why Irish Nationalists should be attached totheLiberal party, and he assigns as a powerful reason for detachment and complete independence the platform put forth by the Liberal Federation, in which Home Rule occupies a place almost at the bottom of the programme. There has been no protest on the part of the Liberal leaders against the Irish question being thus moved aside as a thing of small moment in practical politics. Lord Rosebery demurred in no way to that change, and Mr. Asquith and others of his rank in the Opposition in no satisfactory terms declared their unaltered adhesion to Home Rule. Mr. Asquith did certainly declare that he never hauled down a colour he once raised, but Mr. Balfour was not very far wrong in his taunt that an unwillingness to haul down a colour was not the same thing as a willingness to fight for it. The colour might, this clever political satirist said, be left flying, but only at half mast, which, of course, merely denotes a death to be regretted. But neither in the weak, temporising policy of the Liberal party, nor in the gibes of the Conservatives is there anything discouraging to Home Rulers. These are changes of sentiment that might have been anticipated in the altered conditions under which they have taken place. It depends altogether on Irishmen themselves what position their cause shall occupy in the estimation of English parties. They once forced it into prominence, and they will have tp s do the same thing again. That they are capable of doing that is already proved. However Liberals may backslide or Unionists gibe while the Irish are a disunited people, and their leaders are quarrelling, it needs but unity and the strength it gives to force Home Rule once more to the front. In the opinion of both English parties only the ghost of it remains, but it is a ghost from which they cannot turn away their eyes, and one whose presence is a trouble to them. Let it be brought home to them that it is not a ghost which they cannot put out of mind, but the shadow of a reality that will soon confront them with its former vigour and determination, and their behaviour will become very different. It is in the power of Irishmen to bring Home Rule to the front once more, and, happily, there are signs that they mean to do so. Let them take up a united and independent position in the next session of Parliament, ready to vote on any question as may best serve Irish interests, without any regard to the wishes of either of the English parties, and their support will become as necessary as it was when Gladstone bid for it and secured it. 