THE MISSING COAT. liy name is Frederick Putnam. I have been the inst 10 years foreman and bookkeeper of the lumbering establish. ment of William Winston & Co. Mr. Winstou is theresidentpartner and msan acer of the business. The"other mem bro of the t-ni ,livo in the -city and at tend t tt b les__olb mbetWh1hieW 4:1to:hemi b vessela Ose cold evening as Itias'irepartug for os.e I iheard footsteps outside, and lress:tly a tall, stout, well dressed man with a small traveling bag in one hand and a shawl over his arm entered the ice. I waos alone. I had already put on my overcoat and was turning down the light. "Good evening," said the luan, walk ing up to the stove and kicking the damp cr op:n with his foot. "Has Winston gone to the house:" I answered that he had. Whew! I was afraid of it." He drew out his watch. "I shall not have time togo up,"he said. "The train Is due in 15 minute=." "Is there anything I can do?"I asked. "I wanted to leave some money with . Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a dis patch that calls me home." "'Wht name, sir?' A,;'derton of Andersouville." I leg hit' then, though I had seen hi' hu once beufore. He had been one of our irest western customers. I say had lbtin for the reason that during the last year hi npayients had not been so prompt. In fct, hoe was considerably 1 tchinr i, and hr. Winston had that very day told te to write to him and "punch Li tip a little," as he expressed it. Thet rretter -was then in the breast pocket df my co rcca. Youc can lt dcvc the money with muse, .ir: I eitl giv0you0 a receipt." I said. He 'O wI to hetitate, which nettled me. I o-re rtlamed anybody since however. how munch is my bill?' he asked, ey-t it0g me ehariry. 'Elvein tihortand even hundred and t fifty dsilars oil twenty-three cents." I an-erred promptly, for I had struck thet balance not msnore than half an hour be fore. -H-mph! LessthanI 1 tpposed. Write me out a receipt for that amount." lio left the stove and canme and looked over toy she.ttider while I wvrote. It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know l youl now. You've been v.-ith Winston a long time. Isrn tell your signatureany where."t He drtw from an inido pocket a wal let ari coumning tut 11 piles of bank notes Ihe told me to count them. It was t a short tailt iecw tack, for each pile con 1 cained jei.. t O bills. The balance wie in fives and a :aIities. j At this tnoe-.nt we hear 1 thile whistle t from the station. Antlersat sprang for t hio tr.aeling bag, and giving me a hasty ( hendstlake was off. I closed the door t rool corntedc the money again. Finding i it right, I wraipc-d a piece of newspaper t around it and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel easy to have so much money about mse, but as Mr. Win stion a house reas at least a mile distant I concluded to keep it until morning. when I could oet-posit it in the bank. I drew on my gloves, took the office hcy from the nail over the door and walked over to extinguish the light. As I did so I saw on the floor the receipt ] wrote forMr. Anderson. Hehaddropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pocket and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for that day had gone on the train which took Mr. Anderson I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for 1 had ian appointment with a young wom an whom I hoped would be my wife be fore many months. I hastened to my boarding house, ate my supper, and then went over to the home of my intended bride, wearing the coat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, and leaving my coat and bat in the hall, I went into the par lor. At 10 o'clock when I prepared to leave, Carrie went into the hall for my coat and hat that I might put them on by the fire, but she came back with only my hat. "Why, Fred," she exclaimed, "you certainly did not venture out such a night as this without an overcoat?' "No coat!" I cried in a dazed way, for the thought of the money flashed upon me so suddenly that it almost stunned me. The next moment I tore past her like a madman, as I was. The coat was gone! Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the stair rail and caught it just in time to support myself. Carrie canme running out, her face pale with alarm. "Oh. Fred, are you ill? Let me call mother and the doctorl You are as white as a sheet." "No. no. Carrie!" I entreated. "There, I am better now." And I was better. Iwas strong all at once-desperately strong. And what brought about this change? That simple receipt which I had in my pocket. An derson had nothing to show that the money had been paid, and was not my unaided word as good as his? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brace it through, and I grew confident and quite eoy at once. "There, Carrie," said quietly. "I am much better now, 'le room was too warm, I usc. So some sneaking thief has dodlgol in and stolen my coat? Well, let it go. It was an old one, and now' PIl have a better one." "liutunt youthst, Ot go out without at ivercoat," the dear girl answiered, "ani .if youiwill wait just a momentI willget you one of fatither's coaloi to wear home." She did eso, and 1 starred for home, You may guess that may ,lumber that night nwas not sounl nor rehreshing. I never passed a inore miserable night "Why, Fred, you look as though you met a legion of ghosts last night,".Eaid Mr. Winston as he came into the ofmce the next morning. "What is the mat ter?" "I did niot sleep well," I answered, with a smile.. "By the way," continued my:employ er, "did you write to Anderson as I re-. iuested?: I do not know how I managed to re plyfor the question set inme shivering froim head to foot, and I was so weak that I could scarcely sit in my chair. I nmst have answered in the alfirmative. however, for he said: "Thený.we may look. for_something. mediately afterward ho idded: "Why. Fred, you shiver as though you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butch cr! You're ill, maul Come, jump into my trap, and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and on reaching home I locked m3yelf in. Ah, those were terrible hours 1 passed, and night brought no relief. Can you guess what I was meditating? Cow ard that I was, I had resolved on self do struction. I began my preparation with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. 4 wrote a- short explan tion to Carrie, anothcr for Mr. Winston: a third for imy mother. in a fourth en velope I inclosed theo receipt to Mr. An derson. All this accomplished. I went to my wardrobe aund took out my re volver. Having oexamined the cartridgesto make sure there would be no failure, l sat down before the fire and placed thin pistolagainst my forehead. In- anotlir second I shonuld have been lifeless, hat just as my finger began to press thetrig, ger there was a tap on my door. : startled me, and easily concealing r, weapon I called out that I could admii; no one. "Not me, Fred?" I knew Carrie's voice, and a yearning to look once again into her loved fact mastered me. Quietly slipping :h tell tale itters which Ihliad left oni the table into usy pocket, I opened the door. "Oh, Fred, you are really illl" ex claimed Carrie the moment the light fell on my face. "Why did youn ot sendfox. me? Aren't you better?" "Worse," I answered huskily., "But, Carrie-good heavensl" As I uttered this exclamation I started back and then - forward, for hanging across Carrie' arm was my overcoat. Recoveringfrom my astonishment, I drewfrom the pockei t S11,750.23. You have heard about the singuiai capers of a madman or the wild entice of those crazed with rum; but judgiing.f from what Carrie told me and from the appearance of my apartment after it was over I am led to believe that I was far more grotesque. Then I asked foa explanation. It - was the simplest thing imagiinable. 'l do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Car rie's father. He had mistaken my coal for his own and hadworn it down town. neverthinking that a fortunewas lyingire the pocket. I sent Mr. Anderson his re ceipt, hanided the money to Il. Winston and went on with my duties a wiser ind; I hope, a betterman.-Thomas G. Mitch el in Drake's Magazine. 