THE WAY THE WIND BLOWS. A Drama of To-day in One Act. Speaking of the integrity of the Judges of the Australian Colonies in the course of a speech on federation at Mitcham on Wednesday evening, Mr. T. Price, M.P., said:—"This was never better proved than by Mr. Commissioner Russell the other day when he slapped the Attorney- General in the face."—"The Register." Dramatis Personae. Right Hon. C. C. K., P.C., M.P, Q.C. Secretary to Right Hon. T. Price, M.P. King O'Malley, M.P. Scene—Attorney-General's office; C.C.K. frowning over newspaper. C., (touches bell; enter Secretary)—To the Edisonian wire; ring up Tom Price, and summon him to our august presence. [Enter T. Price M.P.] T.—I come on the wings of love, My Lord. My devotion to thee is as that of the picus Moslem to Mahomet's shrine. C.—Ha! but thy speech at Mitcham last night belies thee. In this thrice-accursed "Register." that oft doth vex my soul, I find that thou hoorayest over my discom- fiture at the hands of a rebellious Judge. Here, read for thyself, and say if 'tis true or false? T.—There is undoubtedly a modicum of truth in it, My Lord, but— C.—But me, no buts! So, when thy leader's face is slapped thou clappest thy paws. T.—Nay, My Lord, I spoke but in meta- phor. If the rebellious Judge should slap that seraphic phiz, whose effulgence daz- zleth the Labour Party like unto the electric light, then would that Judge, if thy servant was within cooee, think that the ghost of Tom Sayers had landed him one on the jawer. C.—I mistrust thy devotion of late, Thomas, in spite of thy protests. But ex- plain the meaning of thy speech. Is the labourer not worthy of his mopuses? T.—Aye, My Lord, and also the lawyer, but the two should lump their shekels together and divide equally. C.—Thomas, my friend, give thy Social- istic fads a rest, and answer a question or two. Doth the Labour Party begin to waver in its allegiance to its leader? Did I not faithfully promise to lead them to the Elysian fields, to. browse for ever on beer and skittles? T.—You did, My Lord, but they think you've missed the track, and that you're leading 'em to Hades. C.—Explain yourself. T.—In the first place, My Lord, they stomached not thy acceptance of title. They liked not thy hobnobbing with the Prince and his satellites, neither do they like thy endearing attitude of late towards Sir Chaffey, the aristocrat. C.—Bah! bosh ! bunkum! What else, pray? T.—Well, craving my lord's pardon, they like it not that the people on the Rialto say "the cute Charlie hath made the Labour Party like unto the squeezed lemon of the squash purveyor. And though they know, their leader's valuable services of late in stopping "the Devil's own" from grabbing the whole of the assets in an insolvent estate, yet, knowing that some of Fair Adelaide's six-and-eightpenny Knights come not up to My Lord's high standard of honour, the Labour Party growleth much at his delay in enforcing law reform. C.—Thomas! Thomas! I fear me that at times thou drawest strongly on thy imagi- nation. But what about Batchelor, Archie, and the rest; what say they? T—Batchelor sayeth little, but like the sailor's parrot, which I doubt not My Lord hath heard of, he thinketh much. As for Archie, he peereth round like unto owl in ivy bush, but not for a K.C.M.G.-ship would I harrow up My Lord's soul by repeating the fearful cries he uttereth. C.—Ha! Still, all this satisfieth me not as to thy Mitcham speech. T.—My Lord, for that speech I can hardly be held responsible; 'twas the lob- ster that— C.—The lobster! what meanest thou; ar't trifling? T.—Half an hour before I made that ill- fated speech I partook largely of lobster salad, and it played up "Old Harry" with my— C.—Get! get! and stand not on the order of thy getting. (Touches bell; enter Sec- retary.) Tom has made me feel down in the dumps: I must have an antidote. Ring up the O'Malley. (Soliloquises.) I wonder if Tom's Mitcham speech is the begin- ning of the end. Am I about to bid fare- well, a long farewell to all my greatness? Bah! begone dull care! Yet I confess that— Secretary—The O'Malley's engaged, sir, busy insuring the lives of — C.—Tell him that I require his presence here immediately, if not sooner. Enter King O'Malley, M.P. O'M.—At your command! my leader. May I enquire as to the health of the high priest of the glorious moon-eyed golden goddess of democracy? C.—I am depressed in snirits, my gallant rooster; yet methinks thy crow already warmeth the cockles of my heart like unto the hot sugared O.V.G. with a slice of lemon. O'M.—To warm my adored leader's heart giveth his servant a Joy as exquisite as vesper bell giveth nuns devout. 'Twas but yesterday I returned from the Golden West. Would that I could have brought the Great Boulder with me to lay at august master's feet. C.—I should have not been surprised hadst thou done so, for verily. King, thou art a living wonder. O'M.—You honour me, Sir, I sounded your praises and— — C.—And your own. O'M.—Aye, and my own, to spellbound multitudes. My fiery eloquence rushing forth like the mighty torrent of my native Niagara caused every battery within a radius of a hundred leagues to pause and listen. Shafts stood open-mouthed in wonder, stopes showered upon me their richest specimens, and when I mentioned the name of the great titled leader of Aus- tralasian Democracy, every winze in Kal- goorlie waltzed to the surface, and gave a cheer that re-echoed through the porticos of the marble palaces at Perth. C.—My denr King, thou mindest me of Mrs. Poyser's bantam, that lived and died in the firm belief that the sun got up early every morning on purpose to hear him crow. O'M.—I would hardly go as far as that, but on the word of a Bird o' Freedom, I can assure you, sir, that often and often have 1 caught the chaste moon peeping coyly over Mount Lofty's sylvan heights to catch a glimpse of my clustering am- brosial locks and classically chiseled coun- tenance. But will not my idolized leader enlighten his servant as to the cause of his depression. C.—Between ourselves, King, I am ill at ease. I hear the mutterings of the dis- tant tant thunder that presage the coming storm. The Labour Party are no longer obedient to the whip. Tom Price spouts high treason, Archie, higher treason, and Batchelor, if he doesn't spout it, thinks the highest treason of the whole boiling. What would you advise? O'M.—Advise! My Lord. Summon the traitors to your sanctum instantly. Hast thou not the front of Jove and wilt thou not use his thunders. Paralyse them with thy eagle eye. Lash them with thy sting- ing tongue as with a scorpion. Then, when they cower before thee in abject terror, and the hair on their traitorous scalps stands up in fear like quills upon the prickly porcupine, and on their knees they cry for mercy, then, and not till then, trot out thy never-failing supply of blarney. Butter them from topknot to toenail, promise Batchelor a Bishopric, make Price Cremator-General, and Archie an Archangel. Then will they fall down and worship thee as of old, and thy reign will be long in the land of fads and fad- dists. Whirroo! begorra! and likewise bedad! C—My Yankee cherub, shake. Put it there. Thou hast made a new Premier of me. I feel now as jolly as the end man of a nigger minstrel show. King, my gay old peanut, reach us down the banjo and listen to a Premier warbling thy virtues. O'Malley, you are just the boy To banish grief and bring me joy; Not like T. P., who doth annoy A Premier with his speeches. So, while I've got bold King O'Malley, My spirits I can always rally. To stand hard knocks like old Aunt Sally, In spite of Tommy's screeches.—Exit. JOHN RICHARDS. 