Thn securing of third prize tor dis cipline nt the recent Firs Brigades' Demonstration is a' feather in the cap of the Avoca Brigade, and must olao.alford much satisfaction to' the townspeople, as it shows that our' boys uphold the reputation of the town when they go . to the. demnnstrntipns. , This year in ad dition tn.the inspection; ahd drill by the military offlenrs, the benring and general conduct of the men on the demonati-btion ground was taken into' consideration. The Avoea representatives . scored 57 points— .three short of the maximum— and it is : auflii-ient therefore to say " Boya, you have done us proud." Dr. Gray, of the. -Central Board at Health; who visited the A mberat Hos pital on n tour of inspection last week, and wns to, have gb'ne to Lexton 'again concerning .(lie typhoid oulfcrenk, Was taken ill at Talbot on Friday and- was compelled to rnturn. to Melbourne, -consequently- be .bad -to abandon his visit to Lextoo. ' ' The " Warrnatiiboql Standard" in its report of the oriohet matoh between the .Avoca firemen and the Forgst-me-Nots refors to the Avopa representatives in the following terms " Tho visiting team, who are a remarkably gentlemanly ' lot of young fellows, ocoupying good positions in the social world. of (he Sweet Yale of Avoca, drove out in two opnyeyanees, the horsos of which sported the well- known. colors of the ladiea club et lh_er , brow-bands, aqd, it ryns uotiood that each member of the' brigado wore oi buttonhole of forget-me-nots. The ladies also were not behind in a compli ment to the visitors, for a scarlet flog fluttered gaily in the breeze beside the pale blue flag 'of tho home team, and to icnes of scarlet were introduoed into the decorations of tho pavilion,' etr. \- Borne aenselesa person has taken unto himself the insane idea of playing ghost around the Avoca district, and for some nights paBt has bean appearing suddonly to travellers priiu-ipoDy in the tio.iity of o Creole, Nn loos than five have reported seeing the myatorious per son, but strange t„ relate not a single one of them made an effort to capture i i j ?' 1! nPparitii.n." Ono man hiH horse and giilloped uway as fast ae posib e nnother, like an emu in the sand, buried his head in. a haystack nnd stayed them all night, in fact every: one of thpm was so thoroughly aoaved hat thny msdn thernselvea sonrco qb rapidly as pnssihln. The ghoat ia- re- pin ted to take tatrifiu bounds, and ia suppeeod to issue forth from what m known as Moate's . house, on his noe- urnal r.-unds. Wo understand that a few people arft now on th« look put armed with gnna, and should his ghost- 8 ip bo fooliHh ontiUj»h to expnee himRRlf o view again tho result will probably '.e disastrous, in whiah case we could only say "Horve him right," ' " We notice that amongst the names of successful candidates, at the recent Mel- bourne University examinations, appear those of Mr Algernon Abbott, who has secured a degree as Master of Civil Engineering, and Miss Florence E. Towl, who secured a diploma of Musical Associate. Our Mt T.onarch correspondent writes : — The light showers that we have hud of late have started the graes and a good fall of rain would now do a lot of good. Stock are looking fairly well considering the dryrees of the season, and. owners. of fat sheep are.koeping them -in expec tation of l-ig" prices in " tho winter. Farmers are anxiously looking -for a good downpour to e'nahls then.'- to pro- csod with ploughing operation and if the soaaon ia favorable there' wili be » lot of new ground broken and put under .cultivation... Fruit growers, are busy gathering and storing fruit, -.but they have- experienced misfortune . with the apple crop which ia very flight and a good quantity of the fruit is small, owing to insufficient moisture to bring 'it to perfection The London market iB being tried by local growers this season, and Noil Bros, sent away a ton of apples, principally Cleopatra, last, -week, and should tho venture be a success they will export largely next season. : Mining is very' quiet, and aa very littler gold is .being obtained, scarcely any prospecting .is being done to ppen up new fieila. . Avoca criokefera should attend -un ceasingly to practice this week so as to get into good form for the final match with the Talbot Club on Saturday noxt. A record oricket score has boon put up. hy the Melbnurno University against. Essendon. On Suiurdny afternoon tho total was 101G runs for 8 wkts, and arrangements have been made to con tinue the mBtch to-day if possible. This score ia the largest ever mads in tho world. Accounts await payment at tho local 8ub-Troa8itry to D. Young, P. Murnane and II. Campbell. ... Tire roof at the Mt Mitchell mine re ported in our last issue as being gone through, was crossed on Saturday, and proved to be nearly 24 feet in widtb, and carries gold right through. The weekly practice of the Avooa Brass Band will tuke place to-morrow evening. Lsat year the Charily Organisntion Sociaty of Mtlhourne published a Guide to the Charitable Institutions of Victoria, which has been found. useful to all interested in charitable matters. The 'Executive .-of tlio Society intends reprinting the Guide this year with all necessary additions and correc tions. VVo have, bean . requested by tho Secretary to iiitimato thie fact and to atik that any choritublo institution or sooibty omitted oi others desiring any 'changes io the particulars published will coinmuniculu with him ns soon us possible at 28 liusBcll-street, Melbourne. . .. . 'l . Harvest '1 imnksgiving Servioes'.wbra held St; John's Church Avoca last. '.'Sunday. The Vicur preached both morning. and oven- ing, the congregation at oonli service being unusually large.", . Tlio morningl text ivav from-St. Matthew, 7lli chap. '20 v— By their fruits wo know them." The evening text being Psalm 147, Iv— " A joyful and pleas ant tiling it is to be thankful 'Tlio choir sang an 'anthem, 'as' woli as special 'Psalms for tho day, at both sorvicoa in a/rery credit- ablo manner!- Tho decorations of',tiie Cho'roh drew forth from all expression's of ''delight "at the tasteful and beautiful manner in which 'the# woro'tarriod "out; M any staying lie- hind- after en elisor vice,n nd otlu-rd coing up to tho church during the aftornobii;' to look at them moro closely. The Ciiihmunion Table was decorated hy the MiHsea Sweet and -Reed. - On it wore two largo sheaves of wheat, mndo by Mrs Kiolil after the Ger man fashion ; theso were spanned by a beautiful arch of grapes, under whicli was a large loaf weighing 141bs. Tho pulpit decor ations wore the work of tho Missca B.- McMahon nnd Preston and was gracefully hung with . ovdrgrocn, grapes, flowors, etc; The prayer dosk wns niei-ly adorned with corn, fruit, grapes, olo., hy tho Misses A. Paten and E. Sweet, The choir decorations wore tastefully carriod out by the Misses L, McMahon ahtl A. Oartor. '--'Tho windows, --in ..which wt-ro stood lovely ; foliage plants in' 'pota and largo show bottles 'filled with vaijotis. kindB' of prodnoo; entwinod with evorgroen, etc., wero tho hsndinork of the Misses Paten and Lalnr. Beautiful arclios spanned tlio church sibics, from whicli liung- cvergreon, grapes, flowers, eto. These wero nicely dono hy the Misses Rioliterrtnd Kiehl. The lamp-stands and po'rch worodaoked with' tumilar malorials, tastefully arrangod by tlie- MtBBes, Brooks, Eeotl and F. Spiosioni Tito font was- gaily 'dresBed" out with lovely (lqwera credit on' the Missea Lever nnd Young, whoso handiwork it wan. On each pow end was ereutod a sheaf of oats, in all GO in nutn- ber, Btyiog tho cliurcli the appcarorieo of a cornhold. tho work of the Miaaoa Ethel Geer and A. and E.'Froy. Tho Vicar, in the courso of the evening sermon, commended tho tBBteful work ot tho Olmrcli deoorntora' ghild, remarking that ho iiad never before seen tho Church bo beautifully and tastefully decorated. And it camu to pass whon it wna yet the third month of tho year that tho disciples of miny tribes did journey (o Warrnambool a oity on the aea. coast— end did gather to. gethor as fire- wofahippers. Tboy were clothed in fino raiment of gold, the purplo, and tho .owlet. When diirkneas did como' upon the land oach man did hold in his'hand a lighted torch, nnd tlioy did march through the city, with bands of music. A great mitlttludo tl.'d stand in the street, and- wore fillo-1 with joy at tho wnndrohs things' they aaw. The next day thoy did go forth fo do battle with each othor, and behold; their woapona wero strango and many. A oliariot, on which was coiled a thing liko unto a huge aorpent with a brazen, head and tail, which vomited forth much water. The disciples of tho Bullarat citizens waxed wrath when their aorpent did vomit forth a dark and ovil smelling fluid, while that of their foe wns clear unto crystul. The lingo cliiof did lift lT?lcp a"d «ay-Verily. Verily, your ser pent is unclean ; Ye cannot gain the prize. And. thore was much vexation of spirit.: Yet did tlio tribes of Ballsrat and Ballarat City fial.t many battles, and did conquer many foes, and when they girded up their loina to depart un'o their homes, they took with iliom troplm a of geld and eilvorand crystal, which wero goodly to look upon ; but, behold, when Ihoy took them to one Moses, o jow ho said— Get then henco, I want none of ynnr treasure, for they are of little prioo.' Then wore tlioy sorely troubled, and bowed llioir heads and wept aa ono mnn. Verily, Verily, YVnrrnambool shall know tliern no more.— Ballarat " Sporting World." Mr "» Yalliick, had a narrow escape from a serious M r?" i on Tuesday. ,VJr Mnr'ili0r.CJ: .l.ii," to Duno|ly with Mrs Mortlnck and thohnhv, and in crossing the ! brtdgo over the street ohannel to enter tho vord at Mr Hayes's store the horstj. took fnglit at something on tho footpath, and suddenly swerved, tho boggy comiog in-0 collision with Mr Cosstick'a verandah post. Mrs Mortlock, who had the child in - her arniB, was thrown nut, falling between the wheels, while the little one wns thtown right tinder tho hnggy. Fortunately neither whs injorpd in the Very slightest degree, nlltinngh the praitfon was dangerous and . somi What alarming. The buggy was- slightly- damaged with the collision, but that was: all. ' Ml Mortlock stuck to the reins, and kept the horse quiet, wh.l'e. Mrs Mortlock and-' (lie child were quickly released. —Dunolly Jix- press. , ' 1 ' . . The Forgft-mp-Not Cricketers - play a. Parliamentary team on' the :-'31st' iristnnt at Warrnanihnul.'anil a' groat .contest'' is exr pected. ' Messrs Tnvorner knd Murray are ornaiiising; (hp team and -we;-. believe - Mr Duegnn, the member for Dunslly, is to be ono of tho'-' players. ; Two small debl: cnseabeciipied the stten-; tion of Messrs Pinch and Abbott J's.P., at tho Avoca police court yesterday morn- inc. „ Throughont the recent Demonstration.Cap- tain Chellew acted as Chairman of Time- keepers. The following letter was to-dny received .by Captain Chellt-w from Mr C. Kuckn, land lord of tho hctel at which, thn local; firemon stayed when in Warrnambool Just a fow- linea to thank you for,tho patronage of your- self and members of tho Avoca Firo Brigade during demonstration timo in Warrnambool. wish to lot you know that I never bad a nicer lot of young men staying with mo at any time, and X thought it impossible to get any brigado to go awny from home and bo so orderly, quiet and eaiily pleased as thd Avoca Brigade. ' The couple of days you were away in Melbourne they woro all juat tho same as when you wero with them, so you know they nmst havo bepn AX. I hope Mr Sim mons has fully recovered from his accident, and that yoa are all in tho beet of health. In tho midst of much writing upon dried fruit, the art of drying apples for exporta tion in kegs, similar to the imported urtiulo in theso colonies, ban been almost forgotten. Tho export of dried fruit, should: have more attention, especially ia .apples. Tho dried apples, kegged in America, lmve got twioo round tlio world, to oar knowledge ; and, at tho end of three years, they wore perfectly sound for tart and padding making at sea, and in the back blocks of -Now South Wales. Dried apploa in kegBaro always in largo de mand, and they will, do doubt, be generally used in campaigns and long voyages. Dried apricots, poaches and -nootarinoa might alao , be experimented upon, in kegs, for exporta tion. Life, liberty, and the pnrsuit of happiness, dopond entirely on| man's having free access to the earth. Eveiy necessity, every com fort. every luxury is, pi-imnrily, a pro loot of tho soil, nnd the soil tillers are the kings and priests of mankind. The owners; of wealth, of capital, would soon perish if it- were not for labor. Butifall capital was destroyod,. labor, if it had access, to the soil, would go right on and produce more capital; hence the Boil tillera>ro tho real nobihty. 