Odd Vows. The annals of chivalry abound in records of vows more or less romantic or absurd. For instance, Queen Joan of Naples, at a grand feast at her castle of Garta, hononred the Knight Galeazzo of Mantua by opening the ball with him. When the dance was finished the grateful knight kneeled down before his royal partner, and to fitly express his acknowledgement of the honour he had received, he took a solemn vow to wander through the world, visiting every country where feats of arms were performed, and not rest until he had subdued two valiant knights, and presented them as prisoners at bis Queen's footstool, to be disposed of at ber royal pleasure. The doughty war rior, after a year spent in wandering all over Europe, returned and brought his two prisoners to the Queen. She took the gift very gracefully, aud, so the admiring his torian tells us, declined her right to impose rigorous conditions on her captives, and gave them liberty without any ransom. Whether they properly punished Sir Ga leazzo for his interference with their per sonal rights we are not told. Some regard a vow as a restraining bond of a very elastic character, especially when it interferes with their desires. Benedick, when he fonnd his vow of celibacy too great a strain upon him in the presence of his Beatrice's charms, disposes of it fearlessly and finally with the plea: " When I said I would die a bachelor I did not think I should live till I were married." Often we have the letter of the vow evaded with some special reasoning, and the spirit then broken with impunity. For instance, a modern Bip Van Winkle vowed that he would never drink another drop of liquor as long aB he had bair on his head. A few hours later he was met com ing out of a barber's shop with a shaven poll. Damsels in lore often make strange rows. We all remember the case of poor Miss Harrishatn, in Dickens's story, who was so overcome by her lover's failure to appear at the wedding that she ordered everything in the house to be unchanged as it had been on that hapless day. Tears went by, and the wedding feast remained set on the table, the rich cakes mouldered and were eaten by the mice, while the poor, half-demented lady flitted in and out of the deserted rooms of the house like a ghost, always wearing the white dress and veil which she had put on to welcome the faithless lover who never came. A similar case to this was that of a lady of high rank in England, who, being jilted by her lover, went to bed and vowed she would never get up again, and kept her word for 26 years. A less excusable case than this was that of a man, who, finding that his wife was disposed to demand too mnch bard work from him, took to his bed and stayed there. For 22 years this worth less fellow stayed between the sheets, while bis wife waited on him and fed him with persistent devotion. Vows of perpetual silence are numerous, the only trouble being that those who need this vow most do not take it. A Miss Caro line, in 1840, vowed that she would never speak another word to any human being, because she had a quarrel with her lover For 35 years, until the day of her death, she was never known to utter a word. To prevent crockery breaking easily, put it when new into a large pot of cold water. Place this on the fire, and let it come gradually to the bpil; then remove the pot, and let the articles remain in the water until it is quite cold again. This treatment may also be used for tumblers, apd if more frequently followed would save a good deal of breakage, for it hardens the glass and china, and renders it less liable to break. 