Original Novel. J THE Daughters of Eye; Hale of the jjpabri l||ar By EDWIN DOIDGE. Author of Father and Son;' ' The Mystery of Mervellien,' etc. CHAPTER V. — (Continued.) Florrie sprang quickly from him, exolaim- ing as she did so, ' Mr. Ward, you really must not talk like this to me!' ' Mr. Ward,' echoed Charley with all the reproach he could put in his yoice. Then he collapsed, , concluding that he had not a ghost oi a chance to win Florrie Campbell. For perhaps fifty yards they walked on in silence. It is a way women have to quickly relent \- on the appearance of nnkindness. She told ; herself now that ;he had been unkind to \- Ward, and he was kind to her. Besides he was willing, wanting, to love her, and what woman is altogether indifferent to a man's love, even if she cannot give him her love ? She did hot mean, to call him Charley, but he was w alking much faster than when they were coming out, and wouldn't even look at her. Would she say a word to melt him P 'Charley,' (so gently, and almost repent - ingly) 'I told them that you had come with me. So people will love you too, if you go . about on kindly mis- ions!' This speech was said with such childlike simplicity 'md good-faith, that Ward stood for a moment and looked at Florrie, then burst into such a hearty laugh as woke the echoes of the hills ; and the peach blossom of Florrie's face" reddened into rose. . , ' You are very iude to laugh ac me.' Dear little Fioirie, if these trees -had any humor in them, they woa.d bump each other, ana laugh their tops off, out of sheer merri- . - - ment at your droll speech.' 'I fail to see anything particularly droll about it.' - : '' ' Then your bump of humor has not de- veloped like every other charming feature about you.' 'I shall begin to think you a flatterer.' 'Think and say what you like of mo, ... Uorrie. if you will only promise to loye me a little ?' 'Did love ever come by promise? Oh, Mr. Ward, I am sorry for von— but it is im- ri - possible, and I am not thinking of marriage yet. Are you coming inP for they had arrived at the gate of the house. ' No, thank you : perhaps I had better not come to your house again.' ' I am sure we shall be sorry if jou do no. \- Good night.' ' Good night.' 'It is impossible,' were the words : which aeemed to ring in Charley Ward's ear as he wended his way home, so dejectedly that he wondered how he could . have langhed along „that same road a few minutes before, just aB « 3afeh it mattered little to him whether -jjlorrie loved him or not; and now he told himself it mattered all the world. CHAPTER YI. AN IMPOSSIBLE MAN. What is there impossible about me, Ambrose ?' was the rather strange qnestion I wnioh Charley Ward asked Ambrose Camp- hajl next morning, when Brosy noticed some- tlung wrong with Ward, and asked what was the matter. What is there impossible about youp' repeated Brosy. ' How do you mean ?' Well, last night Florrie said' it was im possible to think of me,' that's what's the matter ; came down too sudden, I expect, Charley.' Tell me, Brosy, do ycu think it possible she cares for any one else ?' kat is just what I do think possible.' ,, , ' Who is the lucky fellow?' There was a young fellow, a shipmate of oars, named Donald Preston. We all knew that they were good friends, in tact great shums ' i - And you think Florrie loves him ?' . .'It may fee so. They write to each other, I believe.' ' How old is he ?' ' About twenty.' 'I envy him.' ' Do not despair, Charley. You have only known her a few weeks, you know, and girls are sometimes fiokle.' ' I do. not think Florrie is one of that sort" Tell ine, do you think it would be any good to tell her 1 had his father's and mother's consent ?' 'Couldn't say, Charley. In matters of love I'm no judge. But should say there would be no harm in doing so.' ' I pretty nearly made up my mind last night not to come to your house again for a long while, but 1 guess I shall uot be able to keep away, unless badly repulsed again.' Charley Ward did not come over that evening, and from a word that Brosy dropped to his mother, that, good woman concluded that Miss Florrie had given Ward no en- conragement to go on with his suit ; and, mother-like, she had a talk with Florrie on the subject. ' ' Florrie, do you not like Mr. Ward?' Yes, I like him very well, mother.' ' As a friend ?' 'Yes, only as a friend.' .. ' He seems to be thoroughly respectable, 'steady young man, with fair prospeots ; don't yon think yon could like him better than as a.friend?' - ' ' No, mother, I do not think I could.' ' You are thinking of Don.' ' Can you blame me for that, mother ?' 'Don is only a lad, and has his way to make in the world. It may be years before he can offer you a home.' ' And I am oonient to wait those .years, mother.' : ' He may forget you, child. However, we are in no hurry to lose our daughter, so please yourself, Florrie.' : And Florrie went to her room, and from a secret recess drew out a letter. ' Remember, Florrie, I will never forget you' Why was it she had no reply to her letter dispatched a month ago ? Was Don forgetting her so soon ? Was he learning to like somebody else better than her ! Surely he had plenty of time and could write often. Thus the girl thought and puzzled, always with a growing uneasiness and apprension. ' Dear Don,' were the words which rose to her , lips twenty times a day. She believed in him, ''believed that he loved her as she loved him, thongh no direot expression of love had ever crossed his lips. Then where had she learnt it ? Had she not read it in his brown eyes, and in the tonch of his hand ? Poor Don, he had been too modest to disclose his love, because he thought it premature to speak, buc he fancied that she understood ; and so it was that an undeclared love; grew day by day, and enabled Florrie Campbell to put aside another eligible- love, because her young virgin heart was given to this lad, the lonely fellow who said so little and looked so much. An air of distraction began to be noticed about Florrie. ' What's the matter with you, Florrie?' asked her sister Mary one day. ' You look as though you were troubled.' ' I am, but I do not want you to be troubled too, Mary.' ' Am I not your second Belf, Flo ? You must tell me what troubles you.' ' Don will not write. ' Only tLat. You never told me that you were really in love with Don.' ' I do not think I could ever love any one else, even if he forgot me. ' Oh ! yes, you would. I am sure Mr. Ward admires you. Pehaps he will propose. He is a man, Dou is only a boy yet.' ' I don't want to marry Mr. Ward, and have told him so ; at least I have told him I had no -idea of marriage. Now why does not he fall in love with yon ?' ' Poor me, I shall never have a chance with you in a love contest, Flo, hat I do no mind that or euvy you, you dear love. Why doa't you write again to Don ? Something may have happened him.' ' Yes, I will write again to-night. I have been foolish to delay so long.' ' What is that exciting news Geordie has brought from the post ?' ' Let us go and hear,' said Mary. ' What is the matter, father !' 'The Auckland papers are full of an ac count of the shooting of Major Von Tenipsky and a number of bis men. They were sud - denly taken.by surprise, and fired on without the least warning ; the rebels having posted themselves in branches of the trees over hanging the path along which the Major and his men were expected. The slaughter was very one-sided. The successful strategy on the part of the Maoris had emboldened them, and it was feared that other serious attacks on the out lying settlers of the Waikato districts would be made, as a call to arms had been issued to every important tribe, so that the whole of the Pahehas might be driven into the sea. ' This is very bad news,' remarked Mrs. Campbell, but we are a long way from the Waikato, are we not? Not far enough to prevent tho Maoris getting word to carry on the war against .us,' answered the ever-croaking Geordie, who had lately been endeavouring to incite Mr. Campboll, to make ready a petition to the Provincial Government to get a redoubt built there similar to the one at Howiok, and to have a volunteer corps formed, as well as some mounted-troopers appointed to that district. _ To these words of warning Mr. Campbell either turned a deaf ear, or laughed them off with an observation that he did not think that the natives around there were badly inclined, especially since he had the pleasure of making the acquaintance of Long George. ' Long George rules over a divided house,' was the man's reply. ' He be all right, and about 'alf his tribe ; but as fer the others they would be glad to eat ub without salt.' 'I think you are prejudiced, Geordie,' said Brosy, who had just come in and was handed the paper containing the exciting news of the latest outbreak of hostilities. 'Taint no prejudice, Mr. Ambrose; it be conviction !' ' Well, Geordie,' said Mr. Campbell, I followed your advice to the extent of getting down from Auckland two new rifles ; they came this morning.' Then turning to his son, ' Is Charley coming over this evening ?' ' I think not.' ' Then tell him I would like him to join us to-morrow afternoon at rifle practioe. (The next day was Saturday. CHAPTER VII. THE NIGGBE'S HEAD. . 'I hear you are a oraok shot, Charley,' said Mr. Campbell, the next afternoon, when the two Campbells, Ward and Geordie met at an improvised range, for a little rifle practice. ' Not particularly good, ;but I oan hit a' i haystack if it is not too far off 1' ' What do you think of- our improvised range, 100 and 200 yards?' : 'It is pretty fair. I don't admire the artist who drew the Maori phiz on the tree.' 'What is upon" the tree?' asked Mr. Campbell. ' I hate not been at the target.' Geordie and a youth had that morning been sent up to partially bark a tree, stand ing against rising ground, so as to , act as a target, and upon this, for a bull's -eye," the youth had roughly sketched a Maori's head, with the most grotesque tatoo lines, which was daubed so as to answer for the bull's eye, , and it was black and ugly enough to, stand for sin. ' Mr. Campbell then made it his business to go and inspect the tree, and reproved. Geordie for allowing the youth to draw suoh a satire upon the Maoris, mora espeoially as they were to fire npon it. « ' That sort of thing would greatly incense the Maoris if they saw it,' said Charley. 'I will have it rubbed out,' said Mr. Campbell- Between twp belligerent nations that would be enough to oause an outbreak of hostilities.' 'Yes,' replied Ward, I believe trifles, light as that, have caused much bloodshed, before now.' ' Yon have first bang, father, said Am brose, when they were ready for firing. Geordie was posted behind a tree and was to act as marksman. He indicated that the b'nllet had struck the edge of the tree 18. inohos from the bull's eye. : ' Now, Brosy, see what you can do ?' Brosy considered he was by tbistime get ting his hand in with the gan; : :but'if!he also went wide, and high," though still hitting the tree. . 4 What's the matter ? said Charley. ' At 100 yards we ought to crack that Maori's skull every time.' Then Charley took aim, and hit the ugly nigger- head fair in the left eye' — ' knocking out his eye,' as Geordie cried out, with much satisfaction, though really giving him a leaden optic in the hard wood of the rata. ' That's better,' said Campbell. ' Now let me try again-' ' Allow something for the side wind which is blowing,' remarked Charley. When this suggestion was adopted they all made good scoring. Ward oarried off the honors, with 7 bulls' eyes out of a. dozen shots. Brosy came next with 5, and Campbell made two at eaoh range. ' I would not care to be the target where yon are concerned, Charley,' remarked Mr. Campbell. ' i hope we shall have no occasion to fire at living targets,' replied Ward. ' ' What do you think of the shooting of Von Tempsky and his men ?'. ' The Major was one of the best and most courageous officers ever sent against the Maoris. But he was outwitted in the ambush. What affects us more particularly is that a rumour is going round to the effect that some of the Wairoa natives want to join the rebels.' Geordie oame up at this moment and con gratulated Ward on his straight shooting. ' You fairly riddled that nigger's head.' ' Go and cut off every sign of it,' said Mr. Campbell, and do not allow any more sketch ing of the kind to appear.' ' Let us have a weekly practioe,' said Mr. Campbell, as they left for home. When they oame to a turn in the road where thoy would separate, Charley was wishing the Campbells good evening, when Mr. Campbell said, ' You had better come and take tea with us this evening, Charley.' Ward hesitated. Ambrose added his word to that of his father's, and Charley fell in with the proposal. He had not seen Florrie since the evening of his rejection. When they were approaching the farm house little Jack met them in some excite ment, saying that they were all crying in the house because Don Preston was drowned. ' What news is this Jack is telling us ?' Mr. Campbell asked of bis wife. ' Here is the Auckland Hebald, with a dreadful account of what has happened to poor Don and his cousin Marsden. Now we know why he has not written.' Then Campbell read oat to the others an ac-oonnt of how two young men, Ralph jlaraden and Donald Preston had gone out for a day's fishing in the Kaipa'-a Harbor, and had not been heard of since (and that was a week previous). .That a searoh of every part of tne extensive harbor had been made, and not a sign of the young men, or tK a Knot. Kofi hpon nKtoino/l. on/I it. rxraa feared that they had been blown out of the heads, or been drifted out by the current, in which case, it seemed almost inevitable, that the unfortunate young fellows had met a disastrous fate. ' Poor Don,' exclaimed Ambrose. ' To meet bis fate so soon.' ' Where is Florrie ?' asked her father. ' She has gone to her room.' ' She is crying her eyes out,' said Mary, who was also in tears, for they had all been fond of Don Preston. There was one of the party — and only one — to whom the news was not bad news. If love is blind it is also sometimes selfish. Here was a clearing of his path, a removal of a rival which Charley Ward could not regard other than as most fortunate. Snrely, now, Florrie Campbell might love him, and not say ' it is impossible.' Not that evening, of course, would be ask to see the girl he loved ; but he would cer tainly renew his suit, for so young a woman would not long remain wedded to a mere memory. All the family were discussing the pros and cons of the case, and seemed to agree with the report that it was all over with their old shipmate and his cousin. ' Tbey did not know the harbor,. I sup pose, ' said Mrs. Campbell, who had been really very fond of the lad.' ' Preston, of course, would know nothing about it," said her husband, ' but Marsden ought to have known better.' Then they mourned Don as dead ; and every good feature in his oharaoter seemed magnified, until he appeared as one without : blemish and without spot ; this is a fashion we all have regarding one who is respected and liked, and who is suddenly called away. ' What a blow for his poor mother,' said Mrs. Campbell, wiping 'her eyes. ' v ' It may not be as bad as you fear,' said Ward, who alone had a -misgiving that, his young rival might turn up again. ' Oh, I'm afraid there is not the slightest' hope for them, and Ralph Marsden was an only son. How terrible.' Mary went directly to her Bister. ' Florrie, Mr. Ward is here, will you come out ?' ' No, indeed I will not. It if, very rude of him to want to see me now, I hate him, and you can tell him so.' ( (To be Continued.) 