NATASQUA. BTr MRS R. H. DAVIS. CHAPTER I. (Continued.) An hour or two later, Adolph's miracles of art were placed on the round table under the tent. One or two tigor-skinsi formed a carpet; Mrs. Vaux wore another costume yet more redolent than the last of the sea; the major and his four sons were in strict sailor rig; the major himself had fastened a white gull's wing in Romy's jetty hair. ' We celebrate our repose upon the bosom of mother nature by such trifing rites as these,' he told each of the three con gressmen who were bidden to dinner, in turn, as they arrived. The major often made a successful point in his life-long game of ouchre by pic turesque dininers, aided by his inimi table wines. He described Dick, his capability and conceit, with a few keen touches. 'One is astounded at the amount of power running to waste in the lower orders of men and animals,' nodding philosophically. 'You did not see the younu man, my dear ?' Mrs. Vaux was brushing a moth away from her plate, and did not answer directly. 'I met him on the eands,' she said. 'He did not know me.' SThe major's face heated angrily. 'If you had been here he would not have known you, my dear. The children and I may amuse ourselves with such persons, but they never are allowed to annoy you by con tact.' The children, Romy included, belonged to the major's early days of poverty and obscurity. But the meek, scored little woman, the last of the Dorts, whom he had mar ried late in life, was as a grand lama to him. She was the cap and crown of his social success; she embodied all his claims on gentility and fashion. Besides, he had, in the mite of a heart hidden somewhere under the purplb waistcoat and yellow seals and paunchy breast, a queer, aching fondness for the woman, as a woman He did his best now to show her off before Mr. Coles (then the secretary of the interior), who was their guest for the first time. When, at long intervals, she chirped out some small platitude, he looked round trium phantly, inwardly delighted, as though it were an epigram of the purest water. He noted her uneven breathing, and the deep daubs of rouge on her cheek-bones, and signified anxiously, by grimaces and nods to Romy, that one of her mother's headaches was. coming on. When she fell into absolute silence he quoted her, supplying her with emo tions, wit, and 16gio and liilum.. 'Four fine boys, did you say, Mr. Coles?' with a sweep of his hand to the young men. 'Not bad, sir, not bad! Mrs. Vaux overrates them, however. She must have them all about her in the home-neet. She gives them little significant names when we are alone. This cub, New castlo (dramatic critic on the dgs), is her Bayard; John, to your right (!ocal on the Slandard), is her Philip Bidney; George, who does the re ligious reporting for several of the 19ew York papers, she calls Melano thon; and Porter-' The major drained his glass, his invention sud denly collapsing. 'Porter's sobriquet I have forgotten. He is my secretary in the advertising business. But it instances a mother's folly, Mr. Colas. We know the weaknesses of a mother's heart.' ' Not a mother in reality ?' said Mr. Coles, politely. 'I need but look in Mrs. Vaux's youthful face to know these stalwart fellows are only yours by adoption, madam.' ' Only by adoption,' she said smil ing faintly. 'You have none of our own ?' Mrs. Vaux was ratisng a glass of wine to her mouth as he spoke. She held it there a moment untasted, and net it down again. 'No. I have no child,' she said. SMr. Coles was in the middle of one of his best aneodotes a minute later (and all the world knows what a famous story-tellor he was), when the major cried out shrilly: ' What is it, Frances ? Romaine, your mother !' But Romny had her arm about her mother before he spoke to her. 'No, she is not dying '-to the frightened men. 'Her head' troubles her at times. We will take her outside.' They carried the meagre figure out, and laid her on the sands. The brilliant waxlights within the door of the tent flamed down on the frosted silver and red wine, and 'the gay tiger-robes. Outside a horned, spectral moon hung low over the waste of black water and the stretch of grey beach disappearing in the night on either side. Far oil in the marshee, where the night was, a man walked, watching as he went the red beam of light streaming out from the tent, and the ghost-like figures moving about it. His feets sank deep in the mud; an army of moths and grasshoppers rose from the sedge before him; the gnats stung him furiously. These people belonged to a world of ease and refine mont and culture, of whose existence he had never even heard until to-night. The gulf between him and them was broad as that which lay between Dives and Lazarus. He saw that clearly now. OHAPT~ER II. Mr. Langton kept an observant eye on Miss Vaux's comings.in and goings.out. He soon discovered that the young crab fisher was oddly as sociated with them. If she was be lated in her solitary explorations among the cranberry bogs, Dort was sure to discover her and bring her home; if she ventured too far out in her boat, it was Dort's seines she ran into, and he paddled her to shore out of self-defenco; when she came back from the hills it was Dort who fol lowed behind, a boastof burden loaded with lichen or moss. Langton, being one of those men who dribble out every fear or fancy to the first passerby ran with the matter to Coles. ' There's an attach ment there,' he cried, 'take my word for it. There's an attachment. The romance of the thing-solitary-hills -sea! These chance meetings have bewildered her.' ' Nonsense! Why, I know that young lady, Langton; she is a lady. There is not a drop of her blood that belongs to the Vaux breed. She is delicatce and refined beyond most women. And this fellow is a vulgar crab-man, I think you told me ? Red shirt-bare legs-toes for clams, eh ?' ' N.no.' Langton hesitated thought fully. 'He has a certain amount of culturo; a heterogenous mass of book learning, with utter ignorance of society. I can underetand the attrac tion the fellows has for her. There is a genial, downright straightforward ness in his manner that had an odd charm in it even to me, and Romaine Vaux has lived on sham and varnish until one would think her soul loathed it.' Coles laughed. 'That's true. The major is certainly the cursedeet-but sharp as a steel trap under all his weakness. He would have smelled the rat in the arras in this affair, if there were any there. He keeps a keen watch on Romaine. She is his right bower. He means to play her some day, and win.' fTo be eontinuwd.) 