That a woman ie queer may be readily seen, For she has such a wonderful way; It bills her to run a small sewing- machine, But ehe'll ride a big cycle all day. Bather hard luck for Platt-Betts, who is at present in Perth, to hive his laurels taken from him ere he leaves the land of the kangaroo—and by a beaver, too 1 But good Imperialists like ourselves find consolation in the fact that the honour remains " in the family." Once more Don. Walker surprises the critics. The good old phrase, "brilliant but erratic," fits the young Canadian like a plug. Only last week the League refused to receive his challenge to fight Walne for the Hrassard. Now, on his Dunlop tyred Beeston-Humber he lowers world's records. Paced by the Ariel multicycles on the Sydney Cricket Ground last Tuesday, Don covered the quarter in 29 seconds and the half mile in 53£ from a standing start. Both world's records. | Continuing, he accomplished the three-quarters in 1.19 and the mile in 1.45. These times are only a fraction above world's records, but rank as Australian dilto. Billy Williams and his fine crew of pacers deserve a large share of the credit given lo Don. Walker's fine performance &t; Sydney this week, for upon the management of the pacing teams and the fibre of the men riding the big machines everything depends. With inferior pace a man of Michael's quality would have been beaten by Walker last Tuesday. Outsiders have no idea of the severity of the work done by tn« pacers in their daily training and the difficulty of acquiring the accuracy^of pace- judging necessa-y f r a clean " pick-up." A .great deal, too, depends on the forethought and promptitude of the officer controlling the work, especially when machines go wrong and men tire, and on this point we ofit-r our congratulations to Billy. We hope be will come home with all the scalps. Mr. Thomas Kand, one of the oldest memVers and now vice-president of the Fernside Bicycle Club, has the honour of a niche in PUNCH'S gallery of " Cycling Celebrities " this week. Mr. Rand rode a 52 inch " Club" with the Fe nies in '81, and since then has been well-known and liked by his comrades of the wheel. In '91 he, with Mr. E. W. Eudd, joined the ranks of the trade and started the Austral Cy cle Agency, of . which powerful company he is now Melbourne depot manager, with a seat on the board controlling all Australianbusiness.. " Tom," as his friends like, to call him, is popular both r!inil. business circles—in the ti'r'me' ? h 7ei N even temper and quiet J } 1tta N latter for his straightfor^rdne SB^» An idea may be gathn-ed nf u Walne s recent win in the Adelaid < • -n when the time of the last up j a .A sideration. Twenty-eigfat ,£0*?21 a for the lap, which works out at j •'^l tbe. mile, and at the rate <.<•' 33.' and.this at the end of a hu : ri]; n Walne is hot detained in Mo'lbour" 0 the Brassard Badge, he wii; j eave j®' take part in tbe record-bre'-! r„ held on the Sydney As SOci*;WG^f l • Notwithstanding the nnny r ments that J. W. Stocks has enLirdf' the path, the cycle know-ai,.- ' that he will emerge from his retires Dunlop-tyred Ariel (late Dunlop) for the Catford Gold Vase. Xto&p; won the vase twice, and as one mote the trophy his own property the feasible enough. Gamage, who is probably the ^sb, agent in the world, came out with» startling at the late St&nlev; Sho* presence of representatives 0f "numer®! —in order that everything mi Kh t ^ J Above board—he, after fitting four diiferent cycle padlocks, sealed up th 61l and mixed the keys amongst nutuereuE3 almost similar pattern. These kew i sented by Gamage to customers atibe^ Show, and should the happy pijseo^, J them afterwards call there with at the tfej premises in Holborn and tko key I either of tbo four sealed locks he or shei presented with a .£5 note. Commenting on the case of a cycfeJ skirts caught fire through tbo wearers too near a furnace, a papar remarks thati not have happened if she had Wrn M Something like this was said not loa^ Melbourne coroner. "All the sarae,"i Mi. T. A. Edge, "you can stand too k your back to the fire even when ^ trousers." What may happen to a cyclist in was vividly illustrated in a DistrictCOL last Monday, when a wheelman, nsnrail Lauder, was charged with negligentridi young fellow was riding quietly proper side of Elizabeth-street one ds; and, when passing Kozminsky's tona,il pulled sharply out from the footpath on fcu| another instant he found himself undertl feet,, but luckily escaped serious: bicycle, however, was wrecked, aswtq can testify, for we saw the uafortunsies 'carrying away the ruin on his tlwii officer on point duty at the corner, Manny,., said that he did not accident occurred until tha dtW down. He took the names of the f the lorrjman and some witnesses, present prosecution. He bad failed tot torryman, he said—everybody else tonal due course. This looks as if the diirslj doubts as to his liability in the mate J the Bench very properly dismiss 6yclist will have to pay his lawyer (Mr.l^ ."fend something over £5 to repair thedam CYCLING CELEBRITIES.—No. 42 MR. T. RAND. ' 1 the lorryman "can- fov oar'.= * pr.fJ 't ft > baric, nnd? •• curt - J at- ur • ? •' ;}-£! pix-days' race at New rr long ride sixty pints . ' .Vhi-of extract, six egerp, ,broth, four quarts ' of ' ftl madfl into t.hin.gruel 'Evidently), a quarter of a ' f,nd a-liiif pounds of rice, . ur dozen apples and one j; having a great run i. in all parts of the colonies. 1 ii" 1 and superior finish makes i listf? of tho better class. , - ri ir bnb brake, bv which r,V;t - A to a uicetj, flteo with . m;uni chsin ^uard?. This , rici liorcies tbfi Earl and •i, »!-.<> have ^eler-ted the ; p to fill English and ..1 It is the mount of . in Knrope for the coming •pr VTi* y^nr-.T epcy. s ti trai>; Thi.- 01'!; V>hp 1U:i'"! iirrfur"' il! be o : ) tin Dunlop pscjnp teams -.. t. cmont rithfchn Austral 111nthe ni^n are moving , jiiilps are frfqviently done \- f ]! f'>r the record attempts i.-.Miv b-.- W»ln», Green, MegiVillism' confident that, nr-dcr his command, freph n .1 from one mPe up to the • n'Pvion, "Why he did not ~yc!os' X> ;<•• relates thnt during the nf thp r "'' i rider in question d a f nr,i<r fo =fand at a certain ppot o,h ami t "-ow f bueko- of water'over him as d, If.v '<f a reviver. The farmer to fo bnt. n< the critical moment., he Kited !"t go the bucket, knocking tiror r.ff his machine and ruining bis has >iecn rw.ived that Ma]or Ilfher's marine ins oanssd something like a in EnclaiH. Combining «B it does the aehainl<'ss iii'y le—now such a bcom in rters—wi f h the<\- p'ion of three markedly gears, tL'-r>- is- 1 little wonder that some • leading Efj^Hsh firms are anxious to t Major Usher's agent sole ri<jht f.i niannt'Rcture the Aus- 'uventi^n in the United Kingdom, .the "Triaii" is primarily a tourist decignfd to lighten the labour of in£ nnd^r trying conditions, such as 's and advorte winds, we hear that it is he si-en on the racing path shortly. And "mprohablHtraf-, on a big track euch as delftid?, and *ith a strong wind blowing, iy for chanei'ig gear poeseps-ed by Major . schine would enable an inferior rider to iog the joysa of tandem riding, a man irnowwhatis the matter with the oldbnsjjry and horfe when you take your out? You have hc-r alongside you all don't you S.-H, hut on the tandem you sallev-shtv and never catch up with might. havH added that when the spill e tandem man has the best of it—it is ntanddang.,r^us to fall on a horse. Icivnoi? Thompson, whi'le riding her JH-he f,v,tpfct'a, camo into collision with Iimr.v=p. \Vi lr. n a?v,ed by the sergeant whether she expected him to step into the gutter to allow her to pass (the disturbance came from a southerly direction), she answered with a clear soprano, « Yes, of course!" " ib, well, me gurrl ye 11 have to tell the magistrates that " reioined the officer With that he took h >r 'name and address and she was fined 55. «in the morning " Tom Coleman, the cyclist who took part with Mather in the Dunlop transcontinental ride, appears to be a persecuted man! Since his arduous trip he has been very .13 indeed wl-, trouble ® culminating j n ah operation.' While in the Melbourne Hospital he re ceived a letter from the S.A. Crown Solicitor claiming £49 odd for his action in cutting the telegraph wire in order to summon asbieta nee when be was stricken down in the desert. ' Fallowing this during the last few days a writ for £100 has been served upon' him in connection with the ;eame matter. Coleman and Mather called upon P l ~ Charles Todd on the completion of their trip expressing their regret that it had been found necessary to interrupt communication and explaining the cause. They were courteously received by that official, who was apparently satisfied with the explanation, and gave the cycliets to understand that the incident had terminated. Now, after considerable delay, Coleman is harassed with legal proceedings'while on a bed of sickness. Whether Coleman should, or (should not, have cut the wire is a matter upon which the stay-at-home cyclist is hardly qualified to express an opinion. What anyone would do in an emergency is always an unknown quantity If Coleman committed the act without due provocation, he should have been told so by Sir Charles Todd when he reported himself to explain the matter. Recently a wheelman was killed in a peculiar manner at Bridgeport, Conn. He sustained a fall, which would probably not have resulted in any serious injury had not one of the side pockets of his coat contained an apple. He (ell in such a way aa to bring the apple,between his body and the ground, and the sudden pressure of it upon the solar plexus, an important abdominal nerve centre, caused a shock resulting in almost instant death. At this season of the year, when the leaves and dead branches are dropping from the trees and are lying on the roadway, the cyclist should exercise care in running over twigs and sticks. Monday's storm strewed St. Kilda-road with these innocent-looking traps, and many riders lamented broken spokes in consequence. They have a habit—like the worm—of turning when ridden on, and the result is often disastrous not only to spokes, but to chains and frames. C. F. Barden, accompanied by his wife, left Melbourne for London by the China on Tuesday last. Whilst Barden has not proved the success in Australia anticipated by his friends and supporters, he has at times given us glimpses of his prowess.as a sprinter. It is a thousand pities that he has not struck form, for his reputation and performances on the English and Continental tracks stamp him as one of the finest sprinters England has produced. After Burden's riding in Australia it will be-interesting to watch bis performances upon his return to the Oid Country. Of one thing we are certain—Barden's eyes have been opened surprisingly wide on the point that Australia can produce cyclists second to none in the world. Amongst Birden's greatest performances are two seconds in the One Mile World's Championship and his victory over Huret in a match for £400 a-side. In all these great rides Dunlop tyres have been used, and to these in no mall degree does Birden attribute his great uccess, on the racing track. Food is a most important part of a cycliate's education, says the Countes* of Malmesburv in an article on cycling. « A plain, wholesome diet ot roast meat, vegetables and bread—no cheese, sweets, stodgy buns or cake ; a moderate alio*- ance of tea, a small quantity of stimulant if absolutely necessary, not unless—this is a good dietary for a woman taking active exercise up to the limit of her power." A writer in the N.S.W. Cyclist defends the action of the League in insisting on riders at the forthcoming meeting wearing the old style of silk and satin racing rig. Bemarking that nothing lookB nicer than this costume, he pokes fnn at the authorities here for allowing men to " fr0m a ci^tshirt to a potato sack. Rasing men generally do not deny that the satin takes the palm in appearance, but they assert that it is utterly unfit for the work because it catches the wind and fails to absorb perspiration. They also point out that visiting riders were allowed to wear the clotemting woollen guernBeys when the satin system waa V 0 S UG here, thereby gaining an advantage over local men. The Sydney writer deals with only one Bspect of the question and winds up with a fierce thrust. " Even if we are 200 laps behind Melbourne as regards cycling matterp, our sport m pore and our judges alwavs place the right man first. I don't think the Melbourne folk can eay this." Bather warm ! Mr. Albert E. Farmer, formerly a well-known Kichmond cyclist,, has been elected secretary to the League of W.A. Wheelmen. " How many pretty maidens," says the Wheelwoman, "losing control of their machines on a down grade, have coolly got off in the middle of the descent f" This question winds up an article m which the cycliste is described as a dangerous person, especially in the early stage, and one who is given to reckless ways which, on many occaaionp, have struck terror to the hearts of those who lo*e her. This is the way women write about wotnen! To accuse the novice wheel-girl of recklessness, and in the . same breath credit her with being an expert trick rider, Beems wrong somehow. At all events, we have not seen any maiden "coolly get off"a runaway cycle; moreover, we think it would be a feat beyond even Lalla Selbini, if that charming little woman wore a skirt. No, we cannot guess how many have accomplished this act, but we have Been manv attempts in which the fair rider was thrown off, or brought up by a wall. We never saw one coolly get off." Talking about scorching, is the rider of a runaway biakeleBB bicycle liable for violating the lav ? Probably the courts would decide that he is not; but in our judgment he ought to be. No person has a right to drive upon a public highway that which he or she cannot control, whether rt be a horse, a bicycle, a motorcar or what not. Ihere is absolutely no excuse for anything of the kind, and when control is lost there is no good rea?on why the driver should not be held liable for violating speed limit regulations. In any CRse of the kind the possibility of extenuating circumstances might exist, of course. These, however, would be brought out in a fair trial and given due consideration. But, ordinarily, the offender in cases of this kind is without reasonable excuse. Whatever may be bib legal rights, no cyclist—especially ths brakeless on6 has a moral right to descend a hill and lose his pedals in so doing; and no driver has the moral right to drive a horse on the public highway when, through experience, he knows he cannot control that horse if it takes a notion to control itself. Thousands of accidents occur annually through this one item of lost control, and it would be well for the safety of the community if the matter were more fully covered by law. It would be interesting to hear Mr. Justice Hodges' opinion on this point. He, it will be remembered, was nearly killed by a derelict " eoaster " near the St. Kilda Junction last year. ". Have you given up the bicycle, Mr. Jolimont ?" asked the landlady, as her best boarder paid his weekly bill. " I haven't been riding much lately," he answered. "I find that it oesn't agree with me." "Dear me, howib that ?" aid the lady. " It increases my appetite bo," ejoined the courageous youth, as he hurriedly ade tracks for the.tram. will be ^nsigDed tc fade of tbe past before u'-anv more veers hn ?e elapsed, I remember in the old country bvin? a mare, perfectly bred in every line. who pro 'ed barren rear after year, wh«n she was ac-'-'dtntally served by a Norfolk trotter, with the rettck *hat eh^bad her firet foal. After that pbe brf-f! epularly to thoroughbreds, and one of them ton ed out toV>P ft pretty fair 'chafer. Now on tbe Br so* 1 LOWG Ibeory, her first fcal would heVP the eame number as those to thoroughbred hnreee, and be con Id bare been used to p rope est" thm-ow/hbrni stork f qually with her later aone. Tbis is a good instance of the falsity of the fad. IT was a rather peculiar point that Amiable was weaker in the market as the week progressed, and when it was put about that JjOchiel'R daughter was suffering from pexual complaints arisine from the heat, Bhe actually wer>t back to 100 to 8 in the paddock, but herein came a surprise, as in a quarter of an hour she advanced from tens to fours, and started at that price. Her magnificent appearance and style of galloping impressed onlookers who saw her preliminary, and they at. once rushed her in tbe market, so that indeed she looked like once regaining her old position as premier favourite. " WEATHER pood, attendance better and sport befit," ie a fitting description of Saturday la6t. The V.R C. are indeed to be congratulated on the wonderfal success tbey obtained on the opening day of the autumn meeting, and I doubt if ever Flemington looked better than it did, for the parched ground surrounding the racing tracks only served to amplify the exertions the ground committee bad taken, for the contrast was a most pleasing one. The weather, although somewhat hot, was fine and dry, and the attendance'one of the verv best I have seen on a Newmarket Day. Of couree, all the fashionable world put in an appearance, and in addition to a party from Government House we had the Federal Conven tionists present to lend additional interest to the proceedings, and thev were duly banqueted by the committee of the V,JJ. C. TRK Hopeful Stakes is specially well-named, as it not only gives hopes for younesters who have not been able to earn their oat?, but it BIPO buoys up the hopes of backers that thev will have a sound settling after the twenty-fourth race as well as after the first. No less than fourteen faced the barrier for the event, and from the opening of the operations Safety was well enquired after, and so strong was the run on the daughter of Padlock that she was quickly installed favourite, there being some difficulty in obtaining better than 5 to 2 at the word. She got! well away and was really never headed, although she met with a couple of very vigorous challenges from the stable companions, Heretic Bnd Cardamon. After pne bad downed the first-named, tbe son of Gossoon and Cinnamon tackled her, but she man- Bged to struggle home by a head in tho smart time of L2| for tbe five furlongs. THEN cane the St. Leger, aboutj which no one operated, although I heard one or two of the fielders offer to take tens. The principal medium of wag«ring was, however, laying 2 to 1 on The Tola besting Keera. Aurum moved in bis own resolute style, and never gave his opponents a ghost of a show, as he won pulling up, but tbe interest was centred in tbe duel between The Tola and Keera. Tbe Sydney colt was tbe first to be asked tbe question, but he was game whilst Fielder was sitting still on Keera, and then to general surprise tbe latter went absolutely "all to pieces," for he stopped in three strides as if be were sbot, so that The Tola finished in front of him at least five or six lengths. WITH backers jubilant, over tbe results of tbe Hopeful Stakes and St. Leger Stakes, due attention was given to the Skinner Stakes, and in this event there was certainly no lack of enthusiasm. Appetites having been satisfied, the bird-cage was duly visited to inspect the favourites for the big event of the day, for which only six and twenty went to tbe post, this being a comparatively small field for such an event. In the betting ring Resolute not only held bis own, but even hardened to 2 to 1, although the final spurt put in for Amiable sent him back half a point. Tbe eleventh hour surprise in the betting was Strathroy, about whom eights were taken freely, but Fortunio had a number of admirers, and was well backed down to 12's, there being nothing else under twenties, at which figure stood Ayrshire, Loch Marie and Amberite. THE race practiially needs no description, as Amiable was in the van from the rise of tbe barrier until the post was pasted. She took the middle of the course, where was the best going, k'pt a bee-line throughout, never giving young Fielder the slightest difficulty, for he only juet " felt her mouth," and that was all he bad to do. Reaper was on the heavier going on the inside next to the rails all the journey, but be ran a game and good horse, and though beaten was not in the least bit disgraced- Sailor Bny would have been the saving of the ring had he been able to get home, but be had to be content with tbe century for third horse a couple of lengths in the rear of Reaper, whilst Resolute could only Becure fourth position, just in front of Contrast, next to whom came Talavera. The official time, 1.14, is the record for the raie, but has been beaten at Randwick by both Precaution and Loch Marie. Of course, the victory of Fielder's mare waB received with wild enthusiasm, as Bbe was a strong favourite from the opening of tbe betting, it being* generally conceded that Mr. Frank Dak in had for once been caught napping. ONLY a trio appeared for the Sires' Produce Stakes, a shade of odds being laid on Cocos, whilst Cordite was backed from fives down to}7 to 2, Bobadil never being too strong in the market. The son of Bill of Portland seems to be cursed with that bad temper which characterises the St .Simon blood,for he bored in on his ad versaries all tbe way up tbe straight, and then suddenly shot over to the other side of the course, so that he nearly had liert Morrison's leg against the rails. Cocos was the first to cry a go, and then Cordite simply won at hie esse, without being really asked the question in earnest at any part of the race. The winner carved outthe distance in 1.14|, and I do not see why this Zalinski gelding should not be the winter favourite for the Derby. BATTALION, who was made au even money chance for the Essendon Stakes, simply waited on tbe quintette who opposed him and then won how he liked in the exceedingly good time of 2 3GJ, or only the fractional part of a second above the record time for tbe course. THE good field of fifteen attended the machine for the Brunswick dtakes, The Parisienue, who looked none the worse for her gallop in the Newmarket, being the select of the punters, whilst Vakeel also carried plenty of coin, being backed down to fives, whilst Pinfire was at a point longer. Bert Holmes 6imply wailed on the field, and after Longford had made the pace pretty merry, Trenton's daughter came around her field and won in a canter from Vakeel and Pinfire, so that the public correctly gauged tbe positions. THE weather on Australian Cup Day was not all that could be expected, as it was somewhat blustery, but then, it was dry overhead— although the sky pilots declare racing men will not travel that way—and, accordingly, there was a capital attendance, quite as good as I have seen during the past few years on this particular occasion The racing was keen and productive of some great surprises, BO that the fielders had atl tbe better of the deal with their opponents. Even tbe double-eventera, who bad practically prepared themselves for having severe losses, escaped laying tbe double Amiable and Ayrshire, and as there was corresponding discontent amongst tbe punters so was there jubilation with tbe fielders. THE small field of five only competed for tbe Hurdle Race, and there was very little distinction in the betting prices, Response, Goldfinder and Sheoak all being equal at threes, witbClondalkin a point longer, and then Jack Han well at fives. Clondalkin carved out the pace at such a merry rate after going a mile that nothing could live with him, and be got home comfortably by three lengths from Jack Hanweli, with Sbeoak next. Gold finder ran' a perfect brute, refusing to, try a yard, but Refponse fell and ricked her neck, Hayes afterwards presenting the Richmond mare to Dan O'Brien, from whom he purchased her, and there is little doubt she will now go to the p&ddock; for scud duties. NOTWITHSTANDING his very shifty tactics, the speedy Bobadil was made favourite for tbe Ascot Vale Stakes, he escaping tbe penalties which loaded Cordite and Cocos. Cordite and Bobadil weie about level a furlong and a-half from home on the opposite side of tbe course, when Bobadil following bis tactics of Saturday, cut across tbe course at almost right angles and undoubtedly interfered witb Cordite, as although the St. Simon scion did not collide with Zalinski's son, Cordite's jockey, Jack Anwin, had to check his mount to prevent Bobadil running into him. After this Bill of Portland's son kept a straight course, and won easily from Cordite, who very comfortably beat Cocos for third money, Jobaneen, Cardamon, Sparta and the Pirate King following in that order. There w^re loud cries of "protest," but no action was taken by the stewards, and it was not looked upon aB likely that such a thorough-going sportsman as Mr. Robert Chirnside would enter a protest. THE only withdrawals from the Australian Cup were Resolute and Amberite, and so wagering was heavy over the other fourteen starters, the champion 3-year- old, Aurum, bein g so stron gly supported . that he touched the short price of 6 to 4 whilst Wait-a- Bit supplanted Battalion, who went out at sixes, just half the price on offer about Tbe Parisienr.e, whilst twenties were taken about each of the stable companions Ayrshire and Beau Brummel. The latter, I thought, bad a good chance after his two miles on Saturday morning in 3 41, but Fitzroy went away at such a grand pace that the erratic son of Niagara and Conceit had all the conceit taken out of him, his heart being literally broken by following Russley's pony son. When a mile and three-quarters had been traversed, the pair of leaders drew back to them, but the pony, wonderful little chap that he is, led into the straight. Here, however, Dicky Walker, who gets only an occasional show, brought out Ayrshire on the outside of his horses, and my Newmarket selection cut down all opposition by leading up the straight half-a-dozen lengths in advance of his field, at the head of which was Battalion, with Wait-a-Bit, Cravat, Bundook and Aurum almost alongside him, the favourite being hampered by having the rails position. Battalion ran a good and game horse, but he could not catch Ayrshire, who, ail out, held his own and won by two lengths and a-half, Aurum beating for third money Wait-a- Bit, who refused the pinch when asked the question. OF course, the joyful tones of the bookmakers overpowered altogether those of their more numerous adversaries, but as Ayrshire was an outsider to all intents and purposes, the public did not give bim.tbe applause be deserved. His mile in 1.461 waB the longest gallop Aryshire had been treated to since last spring, and herein his training was somewhat on the same lines as Coil, who won tbe event "last year, as the son of Copra waB never given any long work. Although he could only get third place, the hero of the race was undoubtedly the three- year-old Aurum, who carried his 9,3 in the gamest manner possible, but found the burden just too much, he occupying the same position at the finish he did in the Melbourne Cup last November—third. ACCORDING to my timing, Fitzroy as leader ran the first six furlongs in 1.20, and a mile in 1.52. Tbe mile and quarter occupied 2.15, and the mile and half 2.42. The last five furlongs from Fitzroy to Ayrshire took 1.7%, so there was a pretty true pace throughout the race. It is to be hoped the parties behind Ayrshire, MessrB. Davidson ana Joe Cripps,b»d a more satisfactory deal with the sweep money than they had over the Sandhurst Cup, as I believe this matter will be before the Supieme -Court in {Eobart this month. NOTWITHSTANDING the inglorious displays to which we have been treated at Caulfield by Whernside, Mr. Dakm refused to lower tbe weight on Mildura's son, and when it was seen that the big gelding carried the Mill Park confidence and coin, the public followed suit and backed him down to 7 to 4 for Tuesday's Steeplechase, but Tapage and Eumeralla also had hosts of supporters. The race was never in doubt, as Whernside, jumping like a stag, -carried bis burden of 12 10 over -the big Flemington fences as if it were 9jt. and he was only galloping over fagots. T-ipage and Emneralla both had cuts at him, but he drew away and won in a canter amidst the usual plaudits when a favourite gets home, although followers of form were asking themselves the reason of the reversal from Cauifield. The general idea was that, persuroing the horse to be equally well, the smaller jumps and the cramped country on the heath accounted for the difference;" HERETIC wae all the rage for the Junior Handicap for a long time, when a move set in for the Queenscliff gelding Avalon,, who left tbe paddosk at two's, or a point better than Heretic. The latter raced very gamely, and seemed to have his field settled when the rank outsider Ormuz, finishing under the judge's box, put in the claim, and never being asked to gallop, the eon of Bill of Portland won without an effort in LIKE Bobadil, Ormue has undeniable speed, but he has a temper which is remarkable in England in all the scions of St. Simon. They are both out of mares with only one remove from MuBket, and this is now tbe supposedly fashionable cross in breeding. They have plenty of foot, undoubtedly, but if Bill of Portland is to- be a great stallion his stock must show much greater generosity in their dispositions. In many-cases the suspicion of lack of courage is generated, whereas it is an ungenerous disposition whett they fail to obtain their own way. Ormuz has on many occasions been very heavily backed by the stable, but on Tuesday he scored hie maiden victory in the easiest manner possible, and I have in my mind that in one race at Caulfield I -saw him deliberately stick bis toes in the .ground and refuse to try.an inch. THE Bourke Handicap is ever a good betting race, and although Mr. Dakin had given her the steadier of 10.3. Mr. Fielder thought the Newmarket Handicap winner had a great chance, and she went out at threes, with Resolute, raised 51b., ata-point longer,-but five minutes prior to the race I heard " 12 to 1 bar two " shouted by a visiting bookie. Contrast broke through the barrier and took two or three competitors with her, and then Mr. J. B.Pearson was specially unfortunate during tbe afternoon, as Mischief, in the Australian Cup, by some means slipped down as the barrier arose and was unable to take part in the race for which she had been specially prepared. Unfortunately, her jockey, Joe Carson, had a collar-bone broken. WHEN the barrier eventually sprang up Ami' able had them all pretty well at their top as she drew away with a commanding lead of Reaper' Interlude and Resolute, but a furlong from home .Lochiel'e daughter cried a go, and t came on'full of running, and winmiS of lengths from Moonljong, who grand run, and secured second and a-half in front of Reaper. POOR old Dondi, the hero of ^ , -4 hundred fights, has run his fast 5 l Tuesday's jsteejplpehase he came to «ri!P bridge, ,a,nd mever rose again. Sutherland, was for .a long time in ward, but was*eventually released aof, 1 worse for wear. ' TO-MOBEOW -will see a ®0Bt ance at Moonee "Valley, where the 'JS Polo Club will bring off its a nMui These events are always of a m^ ^ nature, and are moreover production! mirth, so that from the serious biuL Flemington a visit to the gay and " foul at Moonee Valley will be a most pleaa&ttL; I shall consequently anticipate msetiteJ concourse of true sports present <' afternoon. THE banquet to Mr.. Jack Cohen, most popular fleldere, will take pi Melbourne "Town Hall to • morrow "Little Jack" has made such hosts of ftL his straightforward dealing that there is» to be a big attendance .to wish him prior to his departure fot a trip to England CHAMPION DAY. As is well known, to-day trill detennjiiJ Flemington the champion stayer of bis»« the Champion StakBB will be run' over f three miles course. There are not lil_, many throwing down the gage to AUTOD £450 is provided for the second and third' |j the race should be really interesting, ball i anticipate the victory of AURUM, who mzy be followed in order by AHBEBIIJ^ STEATHEOS - . THE Maiden Plate should be won by f and then op Saturday The All-Aged Ststai prove a great race, as the cracks, Atm®,! shire, Amiafcle, Battalion and others tackled by the two-year-olds, Bpbsdil, Coa»i others. I shall expect to see the phcee f AURUM AYBSHIBE Amiable ... THE LOCH PLATE is another -0--3 event, on this occasion being over a mSt| three-quarters. If brought out I fail to »i ! can possibly defeat AURUM, but in his absence BATTALION or ELDJ:«J be dangerous. THE other events for to-day sad Satnrdtjj handicaps, for which the weights have ttfV issued at the time of writing this. lj THE well-known Tower Hotel, corner of I and Lon8dale-street8, is now under the prop ship of Mr. F. C. Lyons, the es-popo* genial hoBt of the Royal HotBl,DM® Patrons may be assured that under J -their comfort will be well looked hotel accommodation is first-class. 