BROADBRIM'S GREATER NEW YORK LETTER. It is well for our Casillian brother, now that vre are responding to the demand which echoes from that splendid mausoleum that crowns the heights of Riverside, "Let us have peace." It is well {or our Spanish t brother that in his darkest and must trying hour, when repeated defeat and disaster had roused 'ill the worst passions of a fiery and vengeful he-art, that he. never used our wounded and suffering soldiers as we have used them durinci the past six weeks or two months. Hempstead, on Long Island, is only a short distance from the City of Brooklyn and a part of the estate of the great dry goods merchant, A. T. Stewart, on which he created the beautiful Garden City. Erected in the midst of it is one of the most elegant Gothic cathedrals to _ be found in the American Union. This was to be his mausoleum. In the crypt were two sarcop hagi of the purest Parian marble, where he hoped the bones of himself and his wife would rest till the trumpet of the dread archangel on the judgment day shall summon the quick and the dead. "Vain ambition, vainer hope, that longing desire was never to be realised. The dust of the millionaire magnate never reached its splendid temple. It was stolen from its temporary resting place by a thief in the night, and so, poor fly, he passed away fTom the memory of men. Early in the present war, when the St.-i.ies were being notified of their quotas, it was resolved to have a camp near 2\ew York, and the Governor sent Adjutant-General Tilling hast, a personal friend, to spy out the land and select a camp ground, which, judging from his selection, he knew as much about as he did of the man in the moon. The camp was started and the soldiers began to pour in by the thousand. It was then dis covered that there was no water available. After a time a small pipe was laid to some source ' of supply, but nothing like the re quirements for thousands of men. But they were not long waiting for water. It came on to rain and it rained for a week, and Tilling hast's beautiful Camp Black, which received its name as a compliment to the Governor, became a wretched quagnlire, The grub fail el to come to time, and when it did come the rain made everything soggy and wet and there was little or no chance to cook what they could get, and several times during the first two weeks the men, cold, hungry and wet as they were, had to turn out in the middle of the night and fight for their lives to keep tents from blowing away over the heads of the Coney Islanders into the Atlantic Ocean, when if the}' had only struck a couise south and by east, half south, they would have arrived at Porto Rica just in time to see our victorious troops enter San J uan. The scribes, myself among the rest, said as little about the horrors of such a camp life as possible ; but the soldiers who suffered more at Camp Black than they did on the terrible battlefields of Santiago, no wonder the poor fellows wanted to get to the front, so as to be killed as quickly a-s possible. Then the powers that be resolved to have a permane.it camp at Montauk Point, on the extrems end of Long Island. It was intended mostly as a resting place, and where soldiers broken down by long service in sickly and malarious climates might find rest and health. Before any adequate preparation had been made thousands of sick and dying soldiers were rushtd upon them and they had no shelter, food or medicine, in the rain ; the ground all around was wet and soggy, so they had to lay the poor wretches on the ground and cover them with blankets to shelter them from the peltings of the storm. There was no need of such heartless cruelty. The Government had provided abundance of everything, the best of food, medicines and every requisite asked, but those whose duty it was to receive, and distribute the medi cines, special food and necessaries, did.uot know their business and should l>e court martialled, and those who sent them to Montauk without first ascertaining if it was ready for their reception should be cashiered and drummed out of the Army. But that is all past now; bury the memory of it ten thousand fathoms deep tiiat the horrid record of that evil time shall 110 more be remembered among men. And so with a land in sight, more beautiful than that which the wondering prophet saw from Pisgah's height, we marched forward to its possession. • The eyes of the world are turned on us to-day, and in nil die grand national councils, wherever the sua shines, the question is being asked. Who is this new Evangel; who is he that comes to us with the authority of a royal proclamation, and delivers his JLister's message, which will not be den ed ? After waiting thousands of years airanswer has come to the question, "Am I my brother's keeper ?" Aye, before God and for all time, yes; and.to the unfaithful servant who denies that sacred duty, better for that man that he had never bc-en born, better for him that a millstone were tied about his neck and that lie tvere drowned in the sea. On our south-eastern border lay an island, the richest and fairest in all of God's domain. It was inhabited by a people gentle and kind, to whom the earth yielded its lavish abundance, making it an earthly paradise. Tho Spaniard and he was welcomed to the best the land afforded, and in return for their hospitality they murdered and enslaved the people. Our own emancipation, which took place ill lTtvl, when peace was declared, gave lis in return- for our colonial condition national independence. It was the intention and desire of the fathers who founded the Republic that this great western, continent should ba dedicated to freedom forever, but a national incongruity existed at home. One half of the nation was free and the other had slavery for us cornerstone. It was im possible that such a condition of things should exist forever. The passage of the Fugitive Slave Law was the last ounce to break the camel's back. The contest came at last and the two parties met in deadly strife. The war began in 1801 and ended in 18(55, with slavery annihilated in the limits of the American Republic. But while acknowledging ourselves the blessings of freedom, from our South- eastern shore came up the cry of a nation of b mded slaves; stories of wicked cruelty and merci less wrong fired the hearts of the Northern people and a climax to the villainy which claimed the sanction of Almighty God in defence of this crying infamy. It was then that the righteous soul of John G. Whittier sent forth, its indignant cry — '• How long, oil, Lord, how long, Shall fUch a priesthood barter truth a>vav, And in defence oi robbery and wrong At thine own altars pray V" An American citizen was tortured to dei.th ! in one of Havana's prison cells. Our people heard the cry of the martyr .and vowed revenge. Then followed the cowardly assassination of our splendid warship .Maine, when L'Ui! men were murdered in cold blood.' In the history of the world, from the remotest time, no such cowardly crime is recorded. A brief four months have passed since the President declared war, and a call for volunteers went forth to our people, and in less than 48 hours over a million of men responded t'j the , call. The whole nation became a martial camp. The fighting developed a race of fighters such as no nation on the face •>{ the earth had ever seen before. England had sailors as fearless, as able and as true, but they were the result of long jx-ars of train ing, whereas ours sprang forth armed cap-a pie like Minerva from the head of Jove. We met the foe on many fields and were everywhere victorious. On one of historv's most brilliant pages will .shine the names"of Dewey, Sampson, Shafter, Schley, Watson, Hobson, Philip and a host of others enough to fill our Temple of Immortals. After months of severe lighting and suiTer ing the enemy gives up the ghost. Porto Rico is ours and our Stany banner floats over the Sandwich Islands, which is now part- of our imperial domain. For those who ( fought and died for their country's glory and who lie in a foreign land, all honor for all time. For this great victory and all the blessings that the Almighty has bestowed on us with joyful and grateful hearts we join in the mighty anthem that now shakes the land, "Glory to God in the highest, peace on earth and good will to men." i'ours trulv, BROABDEIM 