Items of Interest. . Considerable relief (says the Cairns Advocate) was felt when the missing Mr. Bert Gribble was found safe and pretty well sound on Saturday at the Leper Camp, which haven of rest he had reached on Thursday afternoon after many harrowing experiences among the inhospitable hills with 'dingoes on his trail, a hurt back, a tightened belt for tucker, and a gener ally miserable outlook. The young ■ fellow's account of his experiences is particularly graphic. Driving out to sea with a strong tide and stiff breeze, with only one paddle and a cranky sort of flatty between him and die sharks ; reaching land after great exertions arid camping only to be called early by a ' frisky alligator ; fleeing to the bush in the dark up a blind gorge which he mistook for the one carrying the timber- getters track ; getting hopelessly ■ bushed; falling over a gibber and ricking his back : dingoes wait ing for him to lay down and give up the ghost; altogether .Mr. dribble had a most uncomfortable time, though could hardly have been as anxious as his relations who were so vainly searching for him for three or four days. He speaks in great gratitude of the assistance and care lie received from Mr. P. Jamieson at Leper Bay. The camp-ma'.e at the time was sick and consequently Mr. Jamieson had been unable to leave or otherwise the search that was prosecuted so hope lessly on l-'iiday and Saturday would have been obviated. Mr. Gribble will probably be about in a day or two. The.municipalities statistics of the Province of Manitoba for 1897 show What a small handful of settlers has been able lo accomplish, and also what an enormous Held for settlement is still unoccupied. Out of a total area of t3.°5r>375 acres, only 2,371,441 are as yet occupied, by a population of only 108,957 persons. These, how ever, own assessed properly to the value of over jQ8,600,000, which is, roughly, about £84 per head The actual number of farmers is only 28,372, but these last year produced d'.iced over 32 million bushels of grain, besides oilier crops. • It is only very recently that dairying has been intro into the province, and yet last year the value of the dairy products reached a total of over i'90,000. Like dairying, stock farming is an introduc tion of only some three years'standing, and yet last year the farmers owned no fewer than 411,101 head of cattle, or about 15 head for each farm. The prairie province is thus both progressive and prosperous. 