THE EVERLASTING GHOST. A fhantov Tliftt Has Made Little Pftf res# In Thousands of Years. We are asked to Relieve in gnosts De cause in every age there have been ghost stories. But would it not he more nat ural to suppose that in every age the hu man mind has been subject to aberra tions, and that some specific weakness or irregularity of the mental constitution or of the physical organ, the brain, on which all thinking, so far as we are aware, de fends, has probably given rise to this particular class of hallucinations? We cannot pretend as yet to know the mind thoroughly in health and disease, but this we do know, that there are thou sands and millions of persons whose lives are never intruded on by ghosts and who know absolutely nothing of “occult” phenomena. According to a reverend gentleman’s figures, only one woman in twelve and one man in ten has had any “occult” experiences. Now, what we should like very much to have would be a further analysis of these figures show ing the percentage of flighty or other wise ill balanced minds among the “oc cult” and the “nonoccult” (if we may so apply the words) classes respectively. Our own experience would lead us to believe that the proportion would be vastly larger in the former class than in the fatter. Who has not known many examples of the tremulous, nervous, hy persensitive, wonder loving, hysterical or semihysterical type of constitution among the devotees of ghost lore? And if such examples occur, as we believe they must, to the mind of every, one, is it not at ieast a probable inference that “occultism” in its various phases has something to do with that kind of mind? The ghost may be very ancient, liilt'we do not believe in him the more. The trouble about him is that he has.;made no progress since the earliest times. In fact, on the whole, he has fallen back. We should not be disposed to talk of the “levitation” of Elijah ourselves had not the Rev. Mr. Haweis used the term be fore us. But if, following the reverend gentleman’s lead, we consider the proph et’s alleged translation in that light, surely it was a most successful feat in “levitation,” and a little ahead of any thing the modem world can show. And, speaking generally, the appari tions and visions and other spiritual oi occult phenomena of ancient times had more “body” to them than those of oui own day. If therefore the ghost has made no progress in the course of three or four thousand years, if ho is just as uuinstructive and inconsequent a phe nomenon now as he was when we first encountered him, if not a little more so, we may perhaps be pardoned for think ing that he may be safely and fairly ig nored by people who have an average amount of business to attend to.—Pop ular Science Monthly. 