LIFE IN ENGLAND HALF A CENTURY. AGO. Miss M. Betbam-Edwards, the well-known novelist, has issued a volume of reminiscences. Miss Edwards is the daughter of a Suffolk farmer, and her descriptions and anecdotes of the Suffolk folk, both lay and clerical, in the district round about the old manor house of Westerfield, near Ipswich, where her early years were spent, deserve (says a London critic) to rank with "Our Village" or the im mortal "Cranford." The parson as she kuew him was very much as he is described in Joseph Arch's recollections. In other words, he " was 110 more fit to be a clergyman than to be dancing master to the Royal Family." Re ferring to the parson in her own village Miss Edwards says :—Of his numerous children one bo_v was particularly obstreperous at church. He would put his mother's bonnet strings into | her mouth when the poor woman drowsed during the long marital sermon, make wry faces at his brothers and sisters, and other wise set them a'titter. The family pew lay immediately under the pulpit, but at last, the contagion of mischief proving irre sistible, the incorrigible youngster was im prisoned on the steps behind bis father. On a summer afternoon hardly had the final benediction escaped the preacher's lips when a tremendous blow resounded through the church. Everyone stared aghast. With a backhanded cuff that might almost have felled an ox our rector had sent the unfortunate boy backwards, shouting for all to hear. 'How dare you, sir, thus misbehave yourself when I am preaching God's word in the pulpit .Doubtless a highly effective moral lesion was intended. The result was that many church people betook'themselves to chapel ever after." The communion service had a very worldiv significance for some of the parishioners. <:i do not know how it may be in most country places, but in our village a curious custom prevailed. The wine used for com munion service was luscious Tent or Malaga, and what remained in the chalice was'given co the aged poor who were present. The cere monial had a peculiarly aristocratic character little according with the doctrine cf Christian humility. No chamberlain more exactly as signed the rank of court visitors, first knelt the rector's wife and daughters and squire's family, next in order came the larger or so-called gentlemen farmers and their womankind ; following these the village shopkeepers and small tradesmen and tradeswomen; lastly, the laboring foil;, gene rally a pitiable group, consisting of decrepit grandsires and crones just able to hobble. No sooner had the solemn rite been administered tiiau a sonorous deep-drawn quaffing was heard from the lower end of the rails, the poor old men and women gratefully swallowing the re mains of the wine. It might have been batter to go through this little performance in the vestry. Anyhow, who can doubt that such a custom proved a snaru? My nurse (the good woman lives and corresponds with me still) was returning from her own church one Sun day morning when she encountered a neighbor coming from his ; it was Sacrament Sunday. 'So, Master (laborers were called Master, never Mister) Smith, like me, 1 s'po=e, you have been to the table':' "Yes,' was the ruffled reply, 'and 1 might as well have staid at home. - I only got one d——d drop !'" Another characteristic story is the follow ing :— "A young married couple had deter mined, for some reason or other, to have their first born christened simply 'Fred.' The fancy was perhaps foolish, but tho child's name certainly concerned its parents only. Tliey would have nothing to do with .Frederick, but only the monosyllabic pet name. This is the scene 1 witnessed as a child. We were -especially interested in little Fred, and had sent him his christening frock. Clergyman—' Name this child!' Mother, shyly—'Fred, sir.' Clergyman, roughly—'Frederick, you mean Mother, growing nervous, feeling that all eyes are upon her—'No, sir, Fred, if you please, sir.' Clergyman, with an impatient murmur and vicious splash of holy water—'Frederick, 1 baptise fuse in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' As a ma,tter df course, Fred's parents afterwards patronised the meeting-house." Rural ideas in those days had a stronger flavor of the unexpected than in our own edu cational times. But Miss Edwards calls to memory the tale of the rustic maiden who was invited to take a walk with her lover. "Oh, no !" she replied, without the slightest hesita tion, "it is not dark enough yet." Standards of conduct, Miss Edwards remarks, differed in the middle of the century from those now generally accepted. "For instance, walking one day to Ipswich we met a laborer's wife and her two daughters, girls of 12 and 14. 'So, Mrs. P said my eldest sister, ' you have been shopping V 'No, miss,'replied the good woman with an unmistakable air of self approval, ' but I am aniious to do my girls all the good I can, so I have ju3t taken them to see a man hanged.'" Nothing strikes Miss Edwards more than the improvement in the education of girls since she herself attended a school near her home. The discipline of those days is unheard of now. The victim in the following case was the dauchter of a baker, whose education was paid for by "daily cart loads of bread." She appears to have com mitted some offence which incurred social disapprobation:— "At 8 o'clock, 'just before bed-time, all the girls marshalled by principal and head governess, trooped down to the kitchen. I'fhere, stripped naked, in a tub, stood Rebecca H , exposed to the taunts and objurgations of the rest. Eor some minutes this disgraceful scene lasted, the chorus increasing in fury and volume. 'Oh, Rebecca ! Oh, dirty, odious Rebecca! oh, filthy Rebecca !' cried, howled, shouted these vicious lookers-on, the little naked figure bear ing her martyrdom in stolid silence. Not a tear, not a cry escaped her, very probably her feeling being one of intense thankfulness, amazement that vindictiveness ended here, and that she was not beaten within an inch of her life as well." The German navy in its present form has been in existence only half a century, the first naval officer havintr been appointed in 1847. 