CORRESPONDENCE. ROCKHAMPTON BEFORE CANOONA. To the Editor. Sir. The very interesting account by Mr. James Atherton in your columns on Rock hampton before Canoona caused me- to look up some notes made by me at various times, and I find Mr. Atherton is a little out in places. Mr. Atherton says Mr. Hobby Elliot was not the owner of Canoona Sta tion, but his brother, who was buried in the garden at Gracemere. So far as I know Mr. Hobby Elliot's brother died while they were camping at the Nine-mile. He died from the effects of fever. His elder brother was speared through the mouth shortly be fore Christmas, 1855. The younger brother never settled at Canoona. As regards Prin chester, Mr. Connor had sold the station at the time Mr. Atherton arrived al the Fif teen-mile to Mr. H. E. King, now Crown Prosecutor. The four men going prospect ing may possibly have passed Mr. Ather lon's camp : but there were five of them, and they spent the rainy season of 1858 at Gracemere. They were a party supported by Captain O'Connel and the inhabitants of Gladstone. Little was heard of them. At the latter end of April Dr. Robertson had to come up from Gladstone to Grace- mere to attend a sick man. He was re quested to ascertain the whereabouts and doings of the prospectors. I came up at the same time in the Uncle Tom. Captain Lake master, having settled my business with Mr. John Murray, then Superintendent of the Native Police, for whom I, in conjunc tion with Kirchner, a mate of mine, had put up the native police station somewhere at the present Botanical Garden. I joined the doctor in company with Mr. George Gan- non and an Italian shepherd. The latter was the real discoverer of the Canoona Held. He, having a flock of sheep feeding on the flat, picked up between two and three ounces of coarse specs, of gold on the surface. Not knowing whether it was gold he showed it to Captain Chappel and his party, who were put on the ground by the Italian. His time at the station be ing up, he came to Rockhampton to procure tools and rations to start digging. Hence he became our escort to Canoona. On arrival we received a little over nine ounces of gold from Chappel. We made a start, next day for Rockhampton, and arrived on the 1st of June. Through a little jolliflea- tion we delayed till the 5th, and took a straight line through the flats for Archer's Fifteen-mile cattle station. On the road we lost the doctor, who had lagged behind. On going back we found him flat on the ground, with a bottle of whisky in each hand, one of them half empty. That settled our days travel. I emptied the bottle that was open, and planted the other. During the night we had water and lollies. Chap pel, who was fond of them, had a stock of two pounds. Next morning, half dead with mosquito bites, we made Mr. Atherton's camp, where we had a pint of tea. some meat, and damper. I certainly do not re member that, we told Mr. Atherton the gold belonged to us, as the doctor and myself had no hand in the getting of it. Chappel had no claim on it either, as he was a paid servant of the Gladstone people. The fourth man of Mr. Atherton is wanting, and per haps lingers about the Fifteen-mile camp as a ghost. However, we arrived on the 8th at Gladstone. On the 9th Captain Phillip Hardy, master of the Albion, sailed with the gold for Sydney, and on the 17th of July we had over 5000 people from Kep pel Bay on their way to Canoona. It is asserted that over 17,000 people arrived either via Gladstone or Keppel Bay. It is well known that the New South Wales and Victorian Governments paid the passage of a number back to their homes. Mr. H. Friend, senr., Gladstone, is the only man who can correct any mistake I may have made. I am, &c;, J. F. DANKER. Rockhampton, 28th November, 1898. W»nd«rev : ' I (ny, wou'd you lilte to save ? fallow -man a week of untold misery, at little t.roul'Ie to your6elf ? ' f hop proprietor : 'Most assuredly.' Wanderer: 'Well, then, take »htt pretty bonnet out of your *indow for a while. Here com?* tny wifri, And if the »res it ihe'll pester the life out of m&ttitfuy; itfofhter,' :.??'? 