THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BALLYRAN. IT was a wild, stormy evening upon which Will Darrell arrived and took possession of his suddenly- acquired estate of Ballyran, County Galway, Ireland. Young, handsome, and talented, Will Darrell had struggled, since his boyhood, with adversity, and now, at the age of eight-and-twenty, found himself a rich man, having woke up one morning to the know- ledge of a legacy, from a distant and till then unknown relative, of twenty thousand pounds and Castle Ballyran. The money was in the Funds, and a transfer had been effected, when Darrell resolved upon a journey to the sister country to inspect the property, of which he had heard only a con- fused account. He found, on his arrival, that the Castle was a venerable old pile, and a young and enthusiastic artist, Darrell viewed his possession with rapturous eyes. Far from any town, and at a considerable distance even from the nearest village, the old castle stood alone, in desolate grandeur, overhanging the rocky seashore. The ap- proach lay over a bleak and almost barren upland, and the gusty wind howled shrilly to the roaring waves. It was upon one of the last days of Octo- ber, the evening of which was closing in, as Darrell, with his Irish agent, entered the great hall of the castle. A portion only of the great building was habitable, and for years no one had resided there but an old man named Mike, and the crone, his wife, who were the custodians of the place, and had grown grey within its walls. Will Darrell and the agent were received most reverentially by the ancient couple, and were conducted to the chief chamber on the ground floor, the banquet hall of former days. It loomed large and lofty, and dimly grand in the grey twilight, ren- dered yet more obscure by the discoloured windows, through which everything was thrown in shadow. The panelling was of black oak, relieved by the gilded quarterings of old families, and the dim portraits of old generations. At the farther end of the chamber was a dais, and above it hung some tattered ban- ners, which had done good service in their day, and drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought field. There were arms of almost every age, and here and there complete suits of rusty mail stood out like gaunt and warlike spectres. A long table occupied the centre of the hall, but a few chairs only stood at its head. Towards these the newcomers made their way as old Mike entered, bearing huge candelabras. Above the immense chimney-piece was carved some incident of the early wars, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyes of the young legatee, by the smoke that issued in thick volumes from the turf and green wood, but newly-lighted on the large hearth beneath. " Welcome, Mr. Darrell. Cead Mille Failthe, welcome to the old castle ! may you live long, sir, to reside in it with all honour and prosperity ! " exclaimed the agent, warmly. " Reside in it ! By my faith I'll never leave it ! What a glorious old place ; its ruinous aspect delights me more than would a gorgeous palace with our latest modern improvements." Gazing admiringly around, Will Darrell was only roused from the most pleasant of ruminations by the return of the old people, bearing a couple of trays burthened with dishes containing boiled and roast fowls, dried salmon, cakes, oaten bread, and two decanters of whisky. Tired and hungry, the artist and the genial agent did full justice to all that was placed before them, the former partaking almost too freely of the potent potheen. Until eleven o'clock the jovial companions caroused, when Mike offered to conduct them to their apartments for the night. The withered serving man, like most of his class, was garrulous in the extreme, and full of stories of ghosts and banshees. To these latter Will Darell listened with much interest and an amused smile. One tale particularly rivetted the atten- tion of the young artisit ; it was of a phan- tom whom report credited with prowling and gliding about the old castle at midnight —the phantom of a young and lovely woman in white. The agent having retired, Darrell, con- suiting his watch with a humorous smile, asked the aged servitor what particular portion of the castle was most favoured by the ghost, and was informed that the lovely phantom had been seen gliding about in the habited portion of the building as as often as the chambers that were falling into ruin and decay. " Very well, Mike. They say, ' After dinner sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.' So, as I feel now not at all inclined for re- pute, give me a lantern and I'll amuse my- self by finding out if this pretty phantom will show up to the new lord of her domain." " Musha, an' it's going over the castle all by yourself, your honour, and close on midnight ! Ochone, it's tempting Provi- dence, shure !" said the old man trembling and devoutly crossing himself. " Oh, don't you fear, Mike, a lady ghost or no ghost won't frighten Will Darrell ; and, perhaps, as I'm a single young man the female phantom will run away from me instead of after me." " Bedad, the pretty colleen may lead you out on the rocks, shure, an' yer honour may be carried away the same as young Pat Doolan, who was lost entoirely, blown out to sae, and naver heard of again, Musha ! " " Well, I'll chance the rocks, the wind, and the sea. Mike, give me a lantern ; I'm determined to find the phantom of Castle Ballyran, so say no more, but off with you to your old dame, and leave me to look about for this young one. In the flesh or out of it, I'll have speech with her, though all the shades of my ancestors surrounded her." Laughing at the lugubrious janitor the young lord of the old castle, receiving a lighted lantern from his trembling hands, boldly strode from the banquet hall, and presently began to mount the dilapidated staircase without. The walls broken, and the casements beaten in, the wind in fitful blasts and rush- ing sweeps met him in full force as at length he gained a narrow landing place above. The bold artist, stopping now for a moment, stood by an open niche to breathe the night air and listen to the surging moan of the sea as it laved the beach, laughing aloud as attracted by the glare of the lan- tern a huge cat dashed full in his face at the very moment that an owl set up her melan- choly, weird tu whit, tu whoo ! Pursuing his way through a long gallery, undismayed by the rats that, startled from their holes, scampered over the black floor like frightened rabbits, Will Darrell, hold- ing high the lantern, pressed on until he gained an apartment, vast, gloomy and very scantily provided with crazy antique furni- ture. A bed at one side the room looked dark and hearse-like, and its proportions to the eye of the artist seemed fit for a com- pany of light infantry, who might pre- viously have sat down together to sup in the fireplace, where four green logs were making asthmatic attempts at a smoke. The walls were hung with torn arras, and there were half-a-dozen portraits of former owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the room from the bed Darrell observed a door, that apparently opened into some lesser chamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old building, and, swinging his lantern to and fro, Will Darrell was stepping to the floor that had attracted his attention when he was startled by a loud sigh and the tap- tap of tiny feet as though a child was run- ning across the floor. " So the ghosts are beginning the game. I never heard yet that phantoms required fires to warm themselves by, and, as this apartment was certainly not intended for my bed-chamber, situate as it is in the uninhabited part of the castle, the matter, to say the least of it, looks suspicious. I made up my mind to have a squint at old Mike's phantom, and it appears to me my curiosity respecting the female ghost is very likely to be gratified." Soliloquising thus, Will Dariell, undeterrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldly made for the door front- ing the hearse-like bedstead. The means of egress to this chamber being on the latch the bold young artist threw it back on its hinges, starting and uttering an exclamation of wonder as he caught sight of the figure of a young woman. A lovely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude as she stood star- ing at the intruder, whilst in her astonish- ment and alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American chair, was as surprised and confounded as he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud laugh made a dash forwards, as the woman with a shriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in the wall at the back of the chamber. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, the fair occupant had at once availed herself of this retreat opened to her. About to follow the substantial phantom, the young Irishman was seized in the grasp of a shock-headed Irishman, who, with a broad grin upon his tanned and humorous features, exclaimed : " Whist, yer honour ! be aisy ; I've seen Mike, he tould me as ye meant to sae the phantom of the castle, and, bedad ! you've frightened the banshee instead of her frightening you. Shure, but come, Musha, it's all the boys as'll be glad to sae yer honour." " Humph ! I think I understand mat- ters. However, lead on my friend, I'll fol- low !" ejaculated Darrell, at once un- hesitatingly treading in the footsteps of his guide. Threading their way onward through the deserted chambers, they presently reached a roofless tower, and from thence descended a long winding staircase leading to the crags. Over these was Darrell conducted by his guide, he knew not whither, hearing only the bellowing of the ocean, and the scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark object seemed to oppose further progress, but the Irishman thrust the brushwood aside, and led the way on through a narrow winding passage, apparently hollowed out of the rocks. A loud shout now broke upon the ears of Darrell, and the next instant he was in the centre of a wild group who welcomed him with uproarious cheers and boisterorus mirth to the smugglers' cave of Ballyran. With a laugh as hearty as their own, Will Darrell seated himself upon a keg, and much to the delight of his rough com- panions gulped down a glass of pure potheen that he felt assured had never paid duty. The story was soon told to the amused young artist ; Castle Ballyran, offering admirable facilities for head quarters, Dan Rafferty's smuggler band had decided to spread the report of the building being haunted. Norah, the chief's daughter, a romantic, bold young colleen, consenting to enact the role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by the new lord of the castle, we have seen how the young lady ghost ran for it, instead of mirthfully be- holding the flight of her victims. The carouse of the smugglers and their honoured guest was kept up till early morn, Will Darrell deriving much amusement from the confusion of the agent and old Mike, who both had, of course, been in league with the smugglers. We never heard if the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to " fresh fields and pastures new," but we do know that Will Darrell became the husband of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyran. 