The Influence/df" tlie Dead on r*. ? ? . Do the dead influence our lives for good-orior-o'ril? Theimmediate answer toj.this question will be that of course thSy do. All the generations that have |5&Bsed; awflyhaveleft their made uj>on ub who live here to day; in a certain sense their lives/ire einbodied ln ours.. .We qoita assent to this very obvious assertion ^though wo do not hold with the Posftivists ihfit thisinflueuce constitutes immortality. To be' immortal is to be_alive, to be oneB self,a8well^as.tQ iw capable,ofinfluencing others. We&re; now referring to a differ ent kind of influence, not merely to the influence of past generations, but to the active, living, immediate influence from another state of . being of the " wonderful dead, who have passed through the body and'gone." We have found in a series of letters purporting to come from the spiritual world through the mediumship of the late Rev. W. Stainton Moses, and now collected in a volume published by the 'London Spiritualist Alliance,* this idea stated with not a little force. We heed hardly isay. that with- the organised movement known as spiritualism we have no relation or sympathy.. There'is much concerned in It which is palpable impos ture, and still more which is tedious and banal.; But .if we believe .in the «on tihnance of human lifeaiter-thegreat change, we call death, it is . difficult to refuse assent to some of the teachings of spiritualism,-which arenot, after all, any more, the teachings of spiritualism than of . the various forms of Christianity. We are not so foolish as to attempt to prove human ^ immortality: from the mesBages spelt out by s tilting table, for immortality ifcan idea of faith. We are not even concerned with thexquestion as to whether the singular phenomena at " stances" are true facta, though we do not doubt that many of them are. What we are concerned with is the teaching that death is a mere transition to another life, and that the souls who have passed through that gate of death may" still in fluence in many ways, for good jor for evil or for both, those,other eonls which are etiU in the tabernacle of flesh. That sudiinfluence did occur was . the faith-we might saytheuniversal faith flf ^he antique and primitive world. We do not believe in Animism aB the origin of the religious belief among men, but we do believe that much of the ritual, .much. of! the aberglaube so closely as sociated with religion, was due to the belief that not only are the dead still alive, but that they are daily influencing mankind in thiB world. The modern cult of telepathy, with all its various connec tions, may be regarded as a more thoughtful, a more introspective recru descence of the old primitive belief. After centuries of . " enlightenment" and sceptical analysis whichhasproduced a widespread agnosticism, the link between .primitive mankind and ourselves of to day seems to be in process of renewal, and not a few scientific men of high standing are not ashamed to declare that experiments have convinced them that hutnan thought can transcend the limits of time and space, and that minds can communicate with each other without any apparent material medium. In a noble poem Tennyson has welcomed the coming of this new era when the fetters of materialism will be thrown off, and the conception as well as the fact of the spiritual world will expand before the mind of man. Now, we do not claim here that tbe gulf which seems to separ ate us from the future state has been positivelypro ved ,to be bridged over by modern psychological discovery, though such a highly trained psychologist as Professor William James, of Harvard, seems to take this view. Our position is I this. '-If, aB is asserted, people in London and New York can occasionally and under exceptional and fortunate condi tions communicate with one another without apparent material medium, thus throwing down the old barriers of space and revealing the instantinterpenetrafciori of thought,-can we limit that power by the boundaries of this present world, this globe on which we lire! If tfaought transference is possible between London and New York, is it absurd to suppose that it is possible between our earth and Saturn, assuming that conscious life is present on that distant planet? If the universe is one, and if «v«ry wave in: its rhythmic motion impinges on every other wave in the infinite sea of universal being, can we 'set any limits to the bounds within which thought operates; can we say to any spirit, whether within or without the bodyHitherto shalt thou coine, and no further" ? Can we say, " Within such and such limits your thought shall extend and influence others, but not beyond'- ? Can we, indeed; con ceive of such limits as possible, when once we have attained the idea that those we call .the dead -are still living, and the cogpate idea that thought can influence thought without material medium 2 From this point of view the question of the influence of the dead, over the living becomes one of such bewildering interest that words fail the imagination in conceiving it. The whole universe is one great whispering gallery, and we are again surrounded, as the Apostle said, by. a "great cloud of witnesses." We are no longer alone in a dead universe, we are in instant communication with myriads of beings in a universe palpitating with life. As the old mechanical notion .ofii-at- xlock-like order of the world has given place to a theory of universal ^energy ; so, on this other hypothesis, the idea that we are disolated tenants of a mighty void, the idea, as Matthew Arnold < put it, that V we jnortal millions dwell J alone," yields to^the conception of a world permeated nrith thought, but that not only the infinite ihought' of the Creator, but the thoughts of numberless created beings who can: in some mysterious but real way influence our characters and lives. This was, in .cruder forms, the idea of old-world Animism, and it is the {idea suggested by the newer thought of. our time. In the curious book to which we have referred, and much of which consists of what may be called excellent' spiritual platitudes, Mr. Stainton Moses -professeB to receive from his guide in the ] " next.wdrld" anexplanatioh of much of I the sin and misery which bafflea us here, i and which does not seem to, "be explained l.bythe hypothesis of heredity or physical f invironment. This explanation is that men | arp affected by unseen environment, that j of ,the wicked dead. We do not think, it 1 j .is true,-enough of thatside of things; which j was constantly recurring to the mind of ' j primitive man, whose sacrifices and in- J . captations Were offered in order to .ward i off the baneful influence of malevolent ghosts. ;.Ihip old notion of a dim,. far babk 'worid seems mere superstition to - UB of to-day"; but may there not be a truth behind it 3 ;We do not peed if© offer Bacrifiipes to avert the &nger; of ghoBtsv-but' j are we sure that we escape their influence ? .Afe we so certain that we are-so self- , contained as to scout the notion* still spontaneous with, many children, that evil influences enter from without into the mind? If so, how do we, explain numberless allusions in the New Testa ment 1 It may be (and, remember, we are all along., suggesting rather than asserting) that our good and evil thoughts can both be explained by referring them to heredity jand ordinaiy. environment; but a person oflarge experience in life has, we incline to thinks many subtle temptations, many p^suasive influences operating on hiB inner nature, which can not be so explained. What if these come from an invisible .host Encamped all round us ? What if the lowerorder of beings who have died 'after a life of vice, ignorance, and degradation, do haunt the minds of their companions1 in sin and drag them down into deeper evil? Of course, if the future life is denied, cadit qwmtio j but if,±he. fact of .such a life is for\iathe great reality which Christianity declsres.it is, can we say that this view is irrational ? There is nothing in the mere article of death to change the character: " He that is filthy, let him be filthy still." It^will be said that -this idea of all prevading evil influence which we cannot. see, cannot grasp, is too terrible to contem plate ; but if the evil-influence- is ihere, so ia the goodalso, and if we are hemmed i in by the phalanx of evil, were are algo : encamped about by thelegions ofthe just. But why, it may be urged, has this great gap existed for so many ages, be tween the Animifim of primitive times and our new development of telepathy 1 Why the long reign "of materialism^ why the voiceless epoch 1 We reply that the world, if it means anything more than a series of purposeless phenomena, means and exists for the education of man : and the most essential fact in that educa tion is the moral culture -which enables man to form and maintain civilised society. We do not say this la the loftiest object of man's being, but it is the nearest, the most requisite for life as it should be in this present world. Had mankind been plunged into the overwhelming spiritual life beyond, at which we have hinted, <sould he -hare patiently worked on the hard problems ofcivilisation ? It is only when he hassolved these problems," only when, that is to say, he has learned to dwell and work in honesty and amity with his fellows (for that is substantially what civilisation means,} that he can be safely trusted to enter on these stupendous problems of the spiritual world, in the consideration^ of which' he might wreck his very-moral being without the steady task of civilising the world to which he has been called. And so it may be that, as the chief nations of the world are approaching the termination of their lower civilising task, they are about.to take up once more the broken threads of ancient Animism and wisavethetn into a complex strand of high spiritual purpose and endeavor. -Lo ndon Spectator. 