Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHEEED TO THE PIPE 1IKE A BTEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. _ AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvls had tbo misfortune to slip and fall on tbe water pipes, and beforo he could be rescued ho was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvia, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia nnd other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr Jarvis was get ting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this ap parently incurable malady. It was on ac count of theBe rumors that a special re porter from the Sydney Worker was de spatched to get ali the information regard ing same, and one afternoon he made his. way to his bouse, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr Thos Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Syd noy. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at tlio door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid no more. In reply to tbe preliminary questions he Baid : — 'You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may bo of value to those who are stricken as I was.' 'How long were you suffering ?' 'Well, twelve months ago I got bo bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the mal ady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' 'What were the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable.' The painB were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They wero for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, find was a nuisance to myself and everyone elBe. I . was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 28rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my caBe wa6 utterly hopeless. However, he gave mo an order to the Director of Charitable Insti tutions.' 'Did you make use of tbe order ?' 'No ; I came bome and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well over since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed.' I felt then that it was all over with ine, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghosts My doctor was dttepding me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He camo to the conclusion that I was steering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements.' (To be continued.) 