STAGELAND. (BY THE LYKE.) THE GO: DEN WEST.—For the first time in the history of Fremantle, theatrical enterprise has invaded the domain of pantomime, and, even if for nothing else, the proprietors <-f the Fremantle Englyshe Fayrt are IO be congratulated fur having taken a s'ep in the right direct io-. That their production was weak in many of the essential jmints <.f theatrical depor:ment is to be regretted ; nevertheless " 'tis time, 'tis pity: pity 'tis, 'tis true." The piece itself, though having some good features, has about it that sehoolboyish air which goes far to mar tiie good work of many a capable artist. For instance. " Billy " Speed, admittedly one of the most capable of colored comedians, lias no p-trf, yet he is made to face the lights and mumble indistinct sentences about "budgeree good fellah." And then Miss Hope, who, even in the small scope allowed her. shows that she is an artiste, is cast in analtogetlier doubtful part, which affords but little play for her talent. In fact, those responsible for the staging of the piece are guilty of a woful want ot what is called "a sense of the fitness of things." The first act is ushered in 1>v a good little angel," in the person of" Miss Dora Taylor, who sings a pretty song from an exalted position in a sweet yet untrained voice, while her attendant sprites are weak in the knowledge of the terpsichorean art, with the exception of Miss Gracie Moore, who, throughout the p:e;e, dances iu a most graceful and taking style. Mr. W. H. Speed then sings the '* King's Song " in his usual good voice. "Joe'" Cowan follows with " Ryebuck Bill," descriptive of a local character, who " has something else about him." And then enters the brightest feature of the " panto "—Miss Edith Moore, a lady who sings her songs aud acts her parts in that truly good style which stamps her as an artiste. To this charming lady has fallen the good fortune to be the first pantomime boy iu W. A. aud we only hope that her successors will emulate her artistic deportment and good enunciation, even though her sweet voice and charming presence be beyond them. Miss Moore's J | | I j portrayal of the character of " Ryebuck Bill" (iueuphonious name) was the brightest feature of a mediocre panto." Then came OMtnitz indicative of Westraliau industries, which rank eveu lower than we know how to express; the faults of the participants having in turn to be cloaked by Miss Ada Maven and Messrs. Speed and Fitzmaurice, who in their respective characters (such as they were) seemed to be compelled to cover the many errors aud omissions of their amjre>tx. The "Lass of Leedenille" (Miss Elsie Moore) is next - trotted out, aud descrilies herself in a song most unsuitable to her voice, accentuated (or uuacceutuated) by gestures and "guiver," which are conspicuous by their absence. She plays a part which would seem to have only partly developed itself in the author's brain. A topical duet by Messrs. Tudor and Caseline is nest indulged iu, which is so delightfully "hacked" that one almost wonders where the points come iu and the element of buffoonery leaves off. Imagine the ghosts of the Macks returned to Thursday Island aud playing to an audience of natives, aud while one reads his lines from the back of a fan the other tries to sing his portion. Could we blame the native if he offered them both as a holocaust to his gods ? Yet we firUix&i; people have to grin and bear it. Miss Maven is made to sing an unsuitable song —" The Rose of Old England,"—at a most particularly inappropriate time, yet she sang it in a style which made us wish that she liai been entrusted with an Australian ballad. Had the author struck the keynote of Australian feeling, we could have pardoned his many faults for this one excellence. Joe Cowan as Pimple made j,ood use of his opportunities, and his low comedy was provocative of much laughter. We must not forget to add a word of praise for Miss Addie M'Leau for her graceful and clever dancing, to Miss Ruby Clifford for her singing of " You show me your slate," to Professor Lezerne for his conjuring feats, and to George Williamson for h ! s clipfooted dance and song. That the pantomime was not without its redeeming features, cannot be denied, and chief amongst them, we must place the solo by Miss Miss Edith Moore " Tell me that you love me," which was rendered with a sweetness and power betokeniug much culture; we could, however, wish that she had addressed the sentiment of the song to Dora, instead of wasting its fragrance on the beery-holiday-night audience which filled the front seats. Together with Miss Hope, she shoue out above the rest of the quintette " Really, I am sui-prised," and yet again in their duet these two were conspicuous for good singing and graceful gesture. Of those "behind the scenes" we must give the author, Mr. Totteuham, credit for considerable labor in the preparation of the pantomime, and if he had only appreciated fully the situations which his burlesque created, he might have made a hit. However, it is useless to write a downright burlesque and try to carry it out on legitimate lines. Mr. Fitzmaurice deserves credit for his stage-management of a verymore or less trained company, aud had he had a few more weeks in which to coach them we should have had to write fewer nasty things about the show. Mr. Henry Hawkins, who was responsible for the setting of the music, and Mr. Williams, the leader of the orchestra, contribute in no small degree to the measure of success achieved by the entertainment—the music being a feature beyond reproach. The short-time at the disposal of the artist wis perhaps accountable for many deficiencies in the scenery. Some of his work, however, showed artistic ability of no mean order. The show has been drawing immense houses during the week, aud will be continued till further notice. A change of programme is promised at an early date. The Fay re has not been too largely attended during the past week, probably in consequence of strong counter attractions, aud there is little to be said of the programme presented, except that the sextette song and dance, "Wander in the orauge grove to-night," is by far the best item of its kind yet intiorJucid, but this will be easily understood when we tell you that the Irish team, with the Mayfields and Ettie Williams, are the artists concerned in it; and, please Mr. Stage Manager, let it remain on the bill for another week. We were looking for those garters, as usual, but they have disappeared. Well, perhaps its time, since the supers have taken to -wearing : em. The Lennons continue to give us the same acrobatic business, and we are beginning to wonder if thi^ couple really do know anything fresh. Pope and Sayles still carry the hulk of the show oil their sable shoulders. Speaking of these colored gents sets us wondering what necessity there is for the other cornermen to go into burnt cork, since they don't look like Ethiopeans, and now that the choruses, &c.;, formerly associated with negro minstrelsy have been abolished. Miss Ghiloni sings as nice as she looks (which is saying a lot), but her frock in the first, part is a sober structure. And one more won!—Miss Annie Arlaud is the ehn-rml i/tmrir the WOrM fl/tS ' Vf i' lliOlrii ; ! ; The Flying Jordans, Mario, and Virginia Aragon, with a company of variety performers of no mean merit, provide an entertainment under canvas iu Roe-street which is arevelation to Perthites,and which, perhaps, so far as the artists named are concerned, cannot be surpassed iu any part of the world. Certainly the words, ''miraculous.'" "marvellous," "astounding," etc., would not be misplaced were they applied in the usual way to these performers; but it is one of the charms of this organisation that their business is in every way quite free from exaggeration and superfluous " puff." It would be impossible to describe the feats of these serial phenomena, so seemingly impossible are they, and it. only cemains .for .those who have not already witnessed them to do so while the opportunity exists. Perhaps ft is by re-is n of contrast -with these flying wonders" that other trims iu the show do not impress so much as their originality deserves ; but certain it is that the only other item arresting marked ^attention is the P'Otescjue i bicycle turn of Olaf Schraeder. The comic vocalism and dancing is not too new nw entertaining, and . some of the numbers might be cur- j tailed with advantage. A somewhat obr.oxious candy-stall man, and rough, noisv, untidy attendants do not add to the comfort of patrons" and the management might score a point by making an improvement in this direction. Coming to Perth when most of the band performers haul been engaged elsewhere the Jordans have had to put up with a very scratch orchestra, in fact the violin is nearly all scratch, but Mr. Norman, at the piano, makes brave efforts to fix matters up, which, in his customarygood style, he almost succeeds in doing. 1 : I1 