THE LAND OF THE CHRISTMAS GHOSTS. By ELCYE CRAMER. (Continued from last week.) The grim t birds nmjrotl themselves in rows, ;) ml spi-Miil in the miiltlle n grivat while tablet-loth, at one eml of which was liliieed an enormous tlisii. with carving knife and fork, all in readiness. Every face wore tin expression of hun gry expectancy. Then the Goose rose tin to make a sneer!. "My friends." ii iMcsrnn. iookiug round on the numbers of upturned bills and beaks, and the many pairs of eyes fixed upon its face, "My friends, wo are assembled here 10 celebrate the one Fes tival' of the year. Christinas Day. A good many of you are new-comers, and do not yet understand our customs. Rut you will very soon see for yourselves the manner in which we keep this day. It: is very well known that each one of us begun oin- existence as tin inhabitant of a poultry yard, and 1 do not ihink any of us ever wishes for anything bet ter. But among human beings there is a horrible custom, by which they bind themselves io kill one of our number for each family to feast upon once a year. We have all been sacrificed in this liar- barons practice. And behold all that remains oi: lis. uur unosis: .now. are we io allow this sort of tiling lo go on year after year without making an ef fort to keep our fellow creatures from litis dread la I fate? I fear we cannot save them, but at least we can have some revenge upon their murderers." Here the audience waved their wings and began to get very nntcli exciieil. Then the Goose began in a different strain. "Yesterday afternoon I paid a visit to the poultry yard where once 1 lived, to see if any of my old friends were still alive, and I was extremely sorry to find that only one of them still lived. As I liew back over the house, the children were talking on the verandah, and I. heard one say that in Australia there were no such things as ghosts. I must say 1 felt considerably annoyed and hurt, to lie slighted in such a way. So I <lof criuhicil ill nrnve in liini tli.-it there were. There he is! I brought him hero in t lie night. Perhaps lie believes now j that, there are Australian ghosts."' Every i eye turned on .Turk with such looks of j wrath that he quire shuddered. The goose 'continued: "Xow our rule is that as hutnau be- ! ings are so fond of having a good feed ' oil goose or Turkey, wc in our turn al ways give ourselves the luxury of roast ing. a Uuinait. being for our Christinas dinner. You." it went, on, turning 1o 4 «.l .'.A. ilr 'tll'AlON til llll I<1> ll.valll i ut: . i. ui im',1 ( uifi. h cm < vr iki 1 1: iiccn this boy's Christmas dinner. Instead of which, you will now have the pleasure of eating him." The audience began to screech horri bly and to fiy round with a furi ous flapping of wings. .lack grow white as a ghost himself, and l'ejt his blood turn cold,, as he heard liis doom, He could not escape, for the dreadful creatures were all around him. and ho jriuiiucti in mot i A IJUU u|j JII iiuiii ui. that scorching lire, while 1 he 'creatures turned him round and round, till he was nicely browned. Then they would place him on the dish and carve a slice for each with 1 hat. hideous lcuife. Oh! it was horrible! Just then the goose turned to him and said, iu its high grating tones: "Xow yon know what your punish ment is to he. You will not like to be eaten, I expecr. Neither did we. It is not a pleasant sensation. But. no worse for you than for us. You like to eat Goose! >Yc like to eat Yon!" The lasf -word was a screech, and at once all the other birds began to scre-nn anil thrust out their long necks at. him, and hissed till poor Jack was nearly dead with fright. Rome of them piled fresh fiiel on the fire, ami the flames leapt high through the iiiist- "Xow," cried the Goose. au;l the whole ! white crowd of augry creatures came ! towards him wiia a rush, makmg a I hideous din. j Jack gave one. great despairing howl, ' and, dec.idiug that it would Le better to be burnt alive than to he eaten by those ghostly fiends, he gave a ma 1 desperate bomid and sprang iil.to the midst of the flames. . » But he was not in 1n<\- lire, after ad. Jack rubbed hi - eves ham to irffue sure. For lie was sitting in the midd'.e of the. , floor. of Ids .little room, with his nittht- shitt sriH on. where he had just landed with a great thud from his own com fortable bed. - And over iu the poultry yard the fowls and geese were cack ling tis they were being given their :.w. . it.. ..1 T-l... lmii.it .Jim tv«i< ill) inuiuiui; mtrtii. "j- : in the sky. shining in on his bare toes a hd on the well-filled stocking, which hung over .the foot of his bed. Hut he took no notice of' it, and when mother ; ciiuie hi to hear what the noise was about lie was "still, sitting there on the floor, tpiite white ami trembling. Thou be told his story. But when she said lie had- been dreaming, he simply did .. .4 l..„, ri.it-iiollt' U'lwiil iiui Di'JH'U4 tin , tiiui . biwu net- time came. Jack would not cat one mouthful of the roast turkey. Of course, they all laughed at him very much, and Noll, with eves twinkling witli fun, said .she wondered why. ;is "he was not the. least bit afraid of ghosts." "Xo," said Jack promptly, "not of or dinary ghosts, but these were Christ inas ghosts, and they're quite the worst kind."-. (Conclusion). 