IBIST TEL EPAT ]O1 a t. WARNINGS. \+ The door creaked and there was the sound of a footstep on the carpet. I felt glad that some. one was noming, forl wa lonely. It wans aturday night, and the commercial In Foom woe dteerted by all save te waiters and at enself. This wai unusual, for the itre was le Cho of the bet patronised hotele In the heart of m the oity. I often stayed at it, and as a rule found plenty of pleasant company there on Saturday evenings. m bomeone was eoming into the room. I turned be to obtion a glimpse of the I ew- omerr li. Hy heart gave a heavy thump, and 1 grasped the arms of the chair, when I saw who it was. At 3.4 that afternoon I had bidden Peter v Andrewse Good-bye" opposite Euston StaL de tion. He wan going North by the 4.10 express. Hltre, at 7.45,he stood by me, unless it were hiW 1, ghost. 11I " Don't be alarmed," h saild, quietly, throws eng himself into the next chair to mine and i, ringlg for the waiter. to " Why I" 1 ejaculated with surprise, " I thought you were in the North Stafford by gc this." in " I'm not. 1 got stopped," he replied, with hi emphatic laooonsm. so " Oh I no accident, I hope, 'ewas my re or joionder, my interest being aroused by his last in remark. et " Oh, no, no I At leasst, not that I'm aware it of as yet. I don't know," he answered, enig matically. bh I couldn't help looking hard ethiom. I thought hi he had fallen in with company on the point of ao .. to4l.ar?:' a-peaeoa hbdnabd) nr higlrh feelr. IHe aw'my lookof inquiry. ` .no The waiter oame, and he ordered cigars and re soda-water. The soda strengthened my opinion that he had been having something hot and th strong. he Ite lit a eigar,and waited until we rere alone '( again. Then he drew his chair nearer to mine, hi and I wondered what was coming. oil "I darerayyou'll think me n orat.k h~b. I tell you that something's going to happen," he said, to looking at me and leauing forward au if he tb were about to divulge a seolut. g " Oh," I saeid, unrreasily, for I felt oneasy. tb " Ye," he continued. " It will be something in that ouncerns me or our family, so that it w doesa't matter to you or anuone else. But I somethlog's going to happen, s autoe as we're t II Ling here." !o " Why do you say to P " I Aked him. I saw a now that he was in sober earnest, and I felt a I kind of morbid Interest in his predieti.n. to "I've no belief in such rubbhisb,or I shouldeay ti I was a medium or a Mahatma," he replied, to msting a startled glance upon me. " But for at yJIre past, when anything of unusual moment ti was going to occur in our family, I've had a n premonition of it. I could hardly tell you how dr many times I've had theoe telepathic warnings, m for that's what I call them. I have been na stopped on the very point of doing something that would have changed my li;e. "Do you remember when the Tay Bridge P went diwn P It was Sunday night, Decem ber 18th, 19. 1 shall always remember that w date. I ought to have been in that train. I P 'Dad arranoed to go by it from Edinburgh. But, late in the afternoun, such an irresistible con- i evition took hold of me that 1 must etay where I was, that in spite of myself I had to cstay. b I shouldn't have been here to*night if I had I Joulned that train. Well, just am 1 was going to n book this afternoon, something whispered to me SStop I' I laughed at the idea. Then it came A agaen, ' Stop where you are I' I remem- er bared the bridge train, and another time when that same voiee saved me £10,000, and II n halted to think. I thought it might all be, fancy, and that it would be awfully awkward g' UI 1 did not go on, as it war Saturday. I had lust decided to get my ticket and go, when the a ,'eooe. or wharover it was, spoke again, so o peremptorily that I was staggered. There was e no doubt about the meaning of that third order. I was not to go North by that train. I turned away from the booking oflloe, and ti went down into the city for a bit, and here 1 " am. awaiting developments." He lay back in his chair, quietly puffing his cigar, the picture of resignation. " You spoke of the' voice,' as you called it, saring you £10,000. How was that P" I asked, T feeling that thereby might hang '. interesting jC tale, and wanting to hear more about hisuse tl ful telepathic mentor. n " It was over the buying of a bueluese," he replied. "I was looking out for d somnethnig to pot some money into, and I hbeard of a Msnchester businese iu our own line, which I thought would just do. It has been running for thirty years, and was said to have the making of a gpod thirg in it. My proprietors were rleitiin.g, at Iny rate they made out that they wanted to retire and sell the businreao a going roocer. I went up aud rade inquiries t snd looked at the place. They eho ed me the books and an auditor's certificate, and every thing s, omed straightforward and genuine. They wlntedl £10,000 for the thing, with stock sdil mecinlery, As it stood. " I thought I'd buy, for it looked like a good thing, and I had ideas about working and open. Ilg out now lines. 1 went over agai a second time, and took an accountant with me. He looked through the books, and sald they were Ilr lrtr, but I saw he wae't satisiled. ' You lrknow thore's nothing to show for some of these toials,' he said. ' They may be right or not t thrn's no evidence either way. I had taken a fanoy to the place, and thought he wos a little too particular. There appeared to be a lot of trade doing, and 1 suppoes I get a little ux. cited over the thought of controlling the thing. to I made up my tmind to luy. " I had asked different people In the trade about It, but none of them could give me auy trustworthy information. The only one who would give an outspoken oplnios upon it was an old friend in the machine trade, a i long-haoded man who always sooemed to me as 'if he could se a far agein as an-hod elso with him when hesaid to me, 'Peter, don't touch it unless you mean to soel off the old rim f ai sorap and put machinery in. It'll ooat you £10,000 If it Costs a penny to make it of anry use to you, It's anolout.as the pyramidsI Don't touch it.' I didn't believe him I khnw the rooms weren't of the neweot hind, but they were working on, and I thought it was all right. "I temember lsitting down at home one night and aindulging in a big thbiunk over the whole latta?. I wao Infatuated with it and cti moueant o buy the place. The ?ot would nlearlyi have learned me out, but that wouldn't hare iglold If everything had been right. But no nouner had I come to tia Alri dewn*rl toll than there rang through my haler a loud oand umlnous * Duot I' " Dah it 1' I aid to myseolf. * Ilauntod again I' I got ir and walked about the room. I luokud at tiLre picturres, ann then ame baeck to Ory r.atohulten i tie iririrees. I cheoUOked the prin~oipal trtoI1 and thu olcullatioulls I had toado uron thrrm. n hr y oy roo all riaht, ard I felt elaliod at vinrig ely, banlld on I thi/g whichll was gril l to lrk ut bthat way I I'I1 lay it,' I ald, t I folded uoi thle lallers 1Id carefully It tIrlllrr'r a .n, ing that somtrlllllhng m'p11l*o.snt was rllllvlOllrriri. I hrrow the Ienilirro airier, 1oltirrni'oreisiees I wae glurirg tro Ily, ut III trir trhink I had gut a fit olf i ,lllri tio . I didnr't n nt Iol lu t I t dllWn Io Its iroiler i:nlesl. It lrIght hoave oIheko ln.y l it we rln, 'ri tI i jl . it thl r I dir ll't w.llt il ** I Iny aweke tIIrhinrig IIIt it f.r a 0log whlle, bIIt at last I drpl'ierd n.lrp. 'AII O n a liii ii ctrrrr t iirrnoiiot li'irrr' rUy r yrs atr ernrrrrorruw tllgrearh forril, lll o illnwanl itti. it. The Iorm mrr frr s we" rslaltl wirier iikrr arr rrial werniir1w-psrrroarrd thlr lettori of erroft sitherr I hir, burt perlotly dlsthiroL 'lrer woe e trrlnr rWel thre whulre' if lt wee soles ditctei dei. £ I metainellsow mid and clammy as I read the meassge. It was \- PXa To ANDueWe I Don't touch. Crowthead's Pronfts nil. Ens. heavy. Trade nearly gone. George Peel was my machinist friend. ('rowt head's were the holders of ?' 'ueiones I was going to boy. I could not sleep. 'he blue letters of that message were as firmly fined on my mind as the form of anything I ever saw. I oeuld nut dlimiee it then or persuade myself I had been dreaming. So I got up and dresmal myself and spent the time promenading the bedroom floor. But sight up to broad day. light those phantom words were before me. "' I fu.nd it was of no use, and that for some reason 1 was not to buy the uCrwtheada place. Very much to my chagrin I was compelled to decide not to touch it." Peter Andrews ceased speaking. I felt that be had not told me all the story. I waited a little while to see if he would resume. " What came of the business P" I asked, see-! ing that he had certainly told me'all he meant to. " Ab, bow stupid !" he said. " I quite for-, got to tell you. In two months the place was in the receirer's hands. In the end one of the biggest creditors took it over, paying a certain' sum to the others. It wae kept going for three or four years, and then cleared out and turned into a warehouse. I reckon I should have los every peny of the £10,000 and more, too, ovedn it if I'd taken it." e" How did you account for that telegremr bearing your friend Peel's name P" I said to him, thinking that part of the story as strange as it was hacdowy. .!Tha? t w eo tranordinary bthing, iAdred, as you will say when I tell you all about it," he replied. " I didn't see Peel for quite a month after that, but when next I met him, the first thing, he said was, * Well, what about Crowthesd P' SOh, it's all off.' I answered. Then I told him about the telegram, and why I had de cided not to touch the business." "*' Well, now, that's mysterious,' hesaid, taking out his pocket book and turning ouser the leaves. ' On Iarch 19,' he went on, 'I got some information about that business that I thought I'd like to send you. I turned it over in my tnind, for I had doubts as to whether it was a proper thing for me to do. I thought as I had got the informalien you'd be sure to have it. Then 1 thought I'd risk it and wire you I was at homo, so I gut a form and illed it un and put it in this ilentical book. I got my tea and then went out to send you the telegram and oiako some calls in the town. At the telegraph office I took.out my pocrk- book to band the message in for dispatch. To my amazement, it was not there. I examined every. thing in my book and in my peoket, but there ase no telegram form. This discovery and the doubts I'd bad about the wisdom of sending a message at all so bothered mu that I decided not to wire you.' ' uoo you remember what you had written P 1 asked him, as I was perplexed by the whole proceedings. " lle told me withoult lesitation. The words were esnatly the same as those vhich bhad pi. perted to me in the night, and, strangest part of all, 1 afterwards found that the night on which he bad lost his talegraph form was tile very night on which the mysterious words were before me. You may explain it as you please. I didn't buy the business, and I reckon it saved me £10,000 at least." The door again creaked, " Is Mr. Peter Andrews here P " the waiter asked, as be entered the room. "Yes, he s I That's my name l" answered my companion, springing from his bhair and advancing to meet the waiter, who held a tei. gram in his hand. " This is for you, sir. or for us to send on after you if you'd left, and we knew where you weme," said the waiter, handing him the tele. gram. Mr. Andrews glanced over the message. " Here you are ! Didn't I tell you so P Read this I " he said, passing the telegram to me. It was from Kirkby Ltephen, and read : " Come by Lincoln. Jack has wired something wrong." " It's from my wife," said Peter Andrews. "Jack's my brother. He lives in Lincoln. There's evidently something up, What a good job I didn't go on I I'd have beeu at Crewe by this time and the telegram would have missed me. I'll say ' Good night.' I must get down to Lincoln somehow. ' Good night I ' " He hurried out of the room,and left me won dering what strange telepathic iniuenee was thus guidiog his distiny. 