QUEEN VICTORIA'S DREAM. Some of the Notable Women Who Have Graced Her Name. If Queen Victoria could find time on her Birthday (May 24) to sit down and think over the remarkable women who have lived since she first saw the light in 1819, what a brilliant list she could recall! Among novelists there are few names as great as that of George Eliot, and the author of "Adam Bede" was born in the same year as the Queen herself. Among poets, since the tuneful Sappho sang long, long ago in Greece, no wo- man's name was quite worthy a place with the best until Mrs. Browning add- ed hers to the illustrious list of the Victorian age. In science Mary Somer- ville and Caroline Herschel did such work as would shed honor upon any reign, and these two patient scholars, by the way, were almost centenarians, as the former was 92 when she died, and the latter was 98. The existence of such sturdy spinsters rather refutes the theory that arduous intellectual labors are wearing upon a woman's health, but the secret might be found in an avowal which Caroline Herschel made when she was 81. She said : "I never had a proposal of marriage made to me, and never had anything said to me which I could construe into one." So she was certainly unique in more ways than one! The greatest woman artist of the century is the English Rosa Bonheur, and, as she is just three years younger than the Queen, the compliments were mutual when Victoria pinned upon the breast of the gifted painter of animals the glittering cross of the Legion of Honor. The Queen possessed the pre- rogative of decoration—the artist had added one more star to brighten the long reign. The heroic deeds of Grace Darling were done when Victoria was still a young woman, and as maturity and then advanced age came to her there were two women within her realm whose deeds were perhaps better than those even of the distinguished poets, writers and artists. It was during the Crimean war that Florence Nightingale first established hospitals for sick and wounded soldiers, and during the late scenes of distress and disaster in Eu- rope no one has more faithfully listened to the call of sorrow and need than has the noble Clara Barton. Long ago the wicked Richard III lay in his tent and watched in horror the ghosts of those whom he had wronged as they marched by in a dream. Surely if the sovereign of England sees the spirits of her reign in walking or sleep- ing visions they will form such a "good- lie companie" that she can smile in rest- ful peace as she broods upon their great- ness. —Philadelphia Record. 