phases of insolvency, HUMOROUS LECTURE BY MR H. (5 TURNER.. 'At the meeting of the Bankers' Institute, held at. the institute's rooms, Elizabeth' street, last night, Mr. H. G. Turner lectured on the subject of Insolrency. Mr. J. D. Law presided. Mr. Turner, after saying that the humor of any banking subject was a vanishing quantity, referred to the churchman who replied to an Inquirer that he believed la "one God and twenty shillings In the pound.' It would certainly be a better world to live In if more people believed In tho same principle. He (Mr. Turner) would uot go so far us to admire the conduct of their ancestors, who treated insolvency as a criminal offence, but 40 years experience bnd satisfied him that tbe men who did not pay their debts owing to unavoidable mis fortune were not more than a fraction ot the whole number of lusolvents. He referred to the banking history ot Melbourne during recent years, and to some of the comments that had been made on the action of bankers generally. He did uot claim for his fellow bankers that, they were blameless. Tbey had failed to protect their llock, but the depredators, like the ghost of HaralQt s father, bnd come In such a questionable shupe. tbat they succeeded iii, getting wlthlu the managers guardf; ,. .Their- capacity us btiukcrs was fhlr' ground for comment, but they .strongly resented' tlie vile Insinuation that they had been enriched by the spoil ot their customers. Mr. Turner touched upon some early and- primitive forms of monetary transactions, aud said thnt in the 8th century B.C. there wns a certain Egyp tian potentate, a kind of Oriental Alfred the Great, who wns responsible for a species of what was now called a negotiable instru ment. I.O.U.'s, the lecturer snid, must have become very common, as It appeared that In order to chock abuses a borrower was required to furnish, ns au evidence of good faith, the body of his father. (Laughter.) There could be no doubt that In these clr- cumstauccs the duties of a security clerk in an Egyptian bank must have been very har assing. (Lnughtcr.) Mr. Turner umuc pass ing reference to some peculiar phases of tbe Athenian money system, and quoted from Gibbon, instances of the barbarities that were permitted to a Romnu creditor under the code of the Twelve Tables. If there were nny amelioration of the condition of « nn Insolvent debtor during the dark ages, it was probably because the children of Israel became the money lenders, and no Christian Government would assist In making their position easier. It was more dangerous In those days to lend than to borrow, "especi ally If thu borrower was a haughty baron, with a convenient, dungeon handy. - (Laughter.) It was not until the relgn of Queen Anne that Insolvency was removed from the category ot crime. After passing mention of the Imltitf Iyg Chinaman "who, once he had tasted the joys of paying Cd. in the pound, conformed to the spirit of his adopted country," Mr. Turner snid tbat Insolvents might be divided Into three classes— reckless speculators, Incompetent tradesmen and genuine, victims of adversity; He remarked that a great portion of the loss entailed banks had been due to the action J,u' stock companies. He concluded amid loud applause. .- A discussion on Mr. Turner's lecture fol lowed. 1 