' THE ACTOR'S DOUBLE. we were talking about spirit manifes tations at the Thirty-nine Club, and re tailing the usual second or third-hand accounts of deceased ladies and gentle men showing themselves to their sor rowing relatives. "It is strange the tricks which our brains will sometimes play us," said Dr. Mtacpherson. "I rememiber once seeing g ghost myself;-and I cain tell you that the sensation is a very curious one. It was a good many yedrs ago, during my examination days, and I had been sit tinHg up until the early hours 'cram ming.' Everybody- in the house had long since gone to bed, where I oight to have Iteen niyself, so I was rather sur lIrised when p glimnced up frdm my hook to see somebody -sitting at the table |-here I myself had bee a toofe moments before writing. I felt quite startled for an- instant; until I recognised the- in truder. I He wos a'-little hazy, but I could see plainly enough who he was." "A dead relative?" asked Maj. Den nett, who was a firm believer in the good old-fashioned ghost. -laclpherson answered in-his pectiliarly quid way. "No; it weas miyself -The appearance of -seeing one's own ghost is not- alto gether--unusual, I believer" "Non'. I do not think- ydur experience :ons half so remarkable as one-or mine," said Gilbert- Dane; -thie -well-known actor; and manager of the To-ard Theatre, who happened to - be tliere tlbut night. -Dane is not a member of the Thirty nimie,- but had conieo with iMlnephersomi. Most of the brain specialist's friends are in the profcssiomt a fact- which Is her hops due to the year whichs he himself: spent on the stage as-a young man. -'55y-- story-- begins prosaically," soid the actor. when we begged to hear it. 'I lost the latch-key with- which I let myself into the theatre, and tonic some body else's to the locksmith's to have a duplicate made, -I agreed- to call for it the .following morning, as I was going up tovn-forrehearsal. - I was living at Putney theri, and we oere actively pre paling a play which- dsesrved a better fate than it reeivevd; if thought amid pre par'ition:go for anything, -foraI came near making myself ill over it. I was feeline.out of sorts-on the mornimig that I had called for the latchkey, and when the lockenmithts swora-posltivelv that he had giivxenmn the thing already-clint less than ten minutof- previously I had canue in. or the -cey, paid for it; -and takein 'it a0ay withsme, I will confess thait I lost my temper ond; stormcd at the fellow .but I-could. not-get hin to budge ' line.from his story. Ic seem ed to uax e ami idea that- I was playing a..practiuli joke, and- the -only result of insy.4tlling was that I-nearly. lost my train to Waterloo. ; It oas moving when I reached the .platform, -amid I had to run for tihe only -compartment of which the door xas open.- near the end of- the " Tii compartruent contained two other pacsengers;..but if I glanced at them at all I noticed:nothing except thac each was. yrctty well hidden behinil a daily paper. I had fortundttely bought nsyo00-n paper before calling at the lock smqith s and speedily follon et, their ex -ampile. So fai, the story, is painfully Scomnonplace Nows.omes the truly mronamliable- - experience, swhich-- has stamped the doings of that dayxindelibly o0n 1y memora." -. - The actr .paused- to: strike a:-mateh pd:- elrlht .his- chlrqot .-shich he - had alloae4,to go out, and wve all watched h im insilence w)opdesxng -whats :w'as coming. Macpherson only had the air of a nianow.hohad eard the.. story 'I 1fgda b dme sthey interested..in imy paper" fne bwent on, ,when the Icigas wgs 1al ahtgin 'and did. .not 'm hca1iW cmpaninons talking, until one mat them started telling an gneedote, Then it gradually daI-ned upon me tilat 'th siyheletas tellin was one that I 'considiermy own partmculars' property; and henm I listen 't struck. me that ,illsstory -was hieing told not only w.in my a'ict words, but also iimiy: owxn \'oice. They say that a man .does not recognisehs s eion1 it ipe-iicn he eiirs it in the plbonograjlm for imistancq; but thait is posslily fthe fault of the pliono mralii and, at any rate I klnow that I recogriised miiie mustaimtli -"The staoy and tile xoice stal me, and it Isdifficult tpogesribee my feelings witen I put dowin my papeitol glncti at the narratol c It was t·uf elf asked Maj Don nett, excitedlya he actorplaused, and "Yes, gntemi4t I ? adoseqted at - the other end offhie compal tment by- flie windos, oppodtif his coamipaionL afigure that wvas an excit faa simiile of the ie lertion w~hich 1 s0 in myglass every glay wheh I hsie dresedl for the part of a respeclable citizen. It wvas inysilf, complete ini oexr3 detail" of face alid attire. "in optical delusion, Isuppose 1?" I suo ested, ad the actor shook imis head. "No' that oas the first idea tha a toc curted to me-that I had beeti working pjtd seorrx'iig too much ovcr the next play, and my btain had played me a trick. The unconcerned way in which the third man glanced at toe encouraged me in the belief, tor the likeness, unless I was imagining it, was. enough to at tract instant attention. I - w'ondered schether there seas actually a man sit ting and talking where&I; sad and heard my foe simile ; for the third man, an ordinary, every ilay individual, had not spoken iaword to hini, and might, from his expression, have bieen listening to his anecdote or simply thinkiink. I was relieved when lie Ihughed at the point when 'my double,' as I began to call his companion, came to - the joke of the story; ba.t when he opened his mouth it was only to increase the mystery of the affair, for it showed me that 'toy double' possessed my nhme, as 0-ell as my voice, my dress, my face, and figure. "I began to wonder then, tiot whether the man at the window was a reality, but whether Ixwas reality myself, and it really would not have smirprised me if I had looked in a mirror at that moment and found it reflected back a face that was strange to me. It is strange how quickly a single phenomenon will some times change all one's fixed opinions on the subject of the supernatural. I felt that I must speak to the men, If only to prove whether I was aw'ake or dream ing, and I seized the opportunity of in troducing myself offered by hearing 'my double' called by my name. "'Excuse me,' I said, addressing him, 'but I heard your friend just now call Mr Dane. I wonder whether we are related at all. for that happeits to be my name, and we seem to bear a strik ing similarity to one another.' " 'My double' turned and surveyed me through his single eyeglass in exactly the same manner as that with shicli I should have surveyed a stranger who addressed me in the train. " 'I really do not know whether we are related,' he said, in the voice I use when I wish to be slightly patronising. 'I am Gilbert Dane, of the Honard Theatre,' and he actually handed me one of my own cards. "There was something in the substan tial nature of the familiar bit of paste board that brought back a little of my -common sense, and relieved me from-the state of stupefaction into which the \- phehomenon had driven me. "'Coaie, this is a very clever trick,' I said, with a smile which, I am afraid, was rather feeble, 'You have certainly succeeded in startling men Now I should like your own card, so that I may know whom to congratulate on a verT clever perfomnan ce.' " "And what did the Mystery do?" I in paused. quired with interest. slien athe actor "He did exactly what I should have done if a stranger addressed me in the same manixer. Htc becamre angry, and asked mc- n-hat 1 scant. and whom I called myself. " 'Wnell, until tn-day I liave leen in the habit of calling m-yself Cilbert Dine, of the Howard Theatre-' I was begin ning. keeping myself as cool as I could. when my doublc'intetrrupted me, in. if tone which 1 still recognised cierfcrtly as my oWIi. "'Well. you had better not do so any more.' he0 said shirply.' 'in' you will find youcirsef in the hands of the police: I see tha.t you have hemn imitating my dress. too, swhich I cannot help. hut the use of my name Is another thing.' "We hda just reached Vauxhall, our first stojiping place, as he spoke. anti a ticket collector. who knows me liy sight, came to the 'door. 'M1c doubhh caught his eye first. " 'I wish you would tell this gentleman who I am.' he said, and the man answer ed promptly : A' 'Certainly, sir.; you are Mr Dane, the actor.' · ' - "'Ie loiiked'startled wshen I asked the same question. "'I should call -you-a'vryoivgood imita tion,' lie said; when he had' recovered 'from his surprise. "This was becoming decidetbe uiciom fortable, and I began'tii wondsr'how I could prove to anybody that I eas not a very .'good Imitation' of myself. ··The ticket collector's ready-acceptance of my double as thc re'l 'M.Dane'. shmoscod me how 'helpless I should be ioan appeale to anyone wlho did not Itnow me cwell. But I felt tflit it would not eto for two Gil hert Daiics to renmain at large. .The question which one was to surrender the title-must be selected at-once.-. It struck moe-that the-easiest way to do it would he to -go together to -the theatre, and suittilt- the ltiuestioi to tiie-.company. as seilnbed fon the rehearsal.- I suggested this course to my fac-simile, and he surprised me by accenting it toanily. "'I Warn you th it I shall detain30ou when' it' is settled, aind send foi the police.' he said. in my haughtiest voice. "It n as what' I easinintendigt to do with him."' - The - actor pau dd to light anoothr cheroot.o '' "And did ho'u 'bothi go Uboiokt? come body asked: -Dan& noddedl.' .~'·I::"! ', "Yes, together. £Tie third loan left us at W'atei'oo.' hie said ta iiay not believe it, butI felt 'really uneasy as ti approached the stage door, aiic'the Iact that I lid no latch he3 to .open it for myelf seemed a calnlityt 1t3 double calmfly piroduced his, and mitarched me into my oann theatie isith the air of a proprietor. Then he closed the door behind him, and changing his voice and mncmir suddenly turned towsarid me and said quietle: 'And non, Mr Dane, I n ill puzzle you no more, hut apologise for giving you so much troilble, which I hope you c111 think repakidby the en jiyiment of a unique sensation. The fact is that I amc vem anxious to go on the stage under 30our. auspices, and - thought thrit this caiaull he the best way. totobtain aniiitroductioihn to 'yod, lnd 't the same timeishoes ton a sped meis of my actimn. iii tlhe pat of your understid3. ilt i csklll'admit·dt least -that I 'undersfatnd t ote a i a king up SNol, are 'o&P; 'going to give ma doit a' '"'a emnt-or to send df th ioise?' " "And yo~u gave dm nman. engagqment I, .oYes;I have alwaypregrrette4:thatb he thygins it up ,liefomto tha yearwas up and' returned to his formae profession,-that at n.intedicsat man.i "It cas heo on'ourset' whob-alled for the latchkey in the -mocnsing?9 0 to "YTIc he had been in~the sholipichoi I .ordedl i; and ;the faeC'fioallyv deter ,mineddi'm to carry out the affair; which lie had been pondsrin -some time'"* "But he must havelhaiinteid you like a shados bcforehund "·put in 1Maj. Iiern iictt, "to learn your gostuies anhd that. I should hardly tl'inl the result was sworth the tiouhle." Msacphereonl who hod oesn fitting "quietly in the oliackground 'surprised us by rep'lying- for his friend : "Excuse me, Iajor," he said in' his 'osuil quiet cway' ,"but you 'make i miis take there. - Any man scould have been glad to give a hundred pounds doon for the engagement which Dane offered me straight away. - It cost ine less thanL10 for clothes and aliouta month of study, and- my time cras not wmorth L90 a nionth then; or-I should not- have' thought'of 'ivinsg up ·medicine anT taking u to 'the stage."-Herhert Fhloserden in the "Pall -Mall Budget,"' - 