IN BANKRUPTCY. RE H. A. ACBAMAN. The single meeting of creditors in the bankrupt estate of Harold Arthur Acraman, auctioneer and commission agent, was held before the District Registrar in Bankruptcy, on Wedues aay. Mr. L. J. O'Neill appeared for a judgment creditor (T. Hayes), and Mr. Brimacorabe for the bankrupt. Bankrupt deposed : I have filed my statement, and Bent a copy thereof to the Official Assignee ; I have inserted the dates and particulars of accounts in my statement of affairs ; there is an account for £5 Is. due to Dr. A. K. Hoets, for medical attendance ; it came in after I had filed ; I did not know of it when making out my statement ; I am an auctioneer end commission agent ; I have kept books of accounts, viz., a ledger and a day-book ; I have ticver been bankrupt or insolvent before ; I never made any assignment for the benefit of my creditors ; I never made any arrangement with my creditors ; I have sent all my books to the Registrar in Bankruptcy in Sydney ; they were posted on the 30th of April laat ; the cause of my bankruptcy is a verdict given in favor of Mr. Thomas Hayes against me, in the District Court, on 30th March last, at Burrowa : I have cariied on business iu Burrowa during tho last two years, and have resided iu Burrowa ; I commenced business about 1891 ; when £ started I had about £80, including plant ; I bought the business of one at the partners of the firm of Middleton and Wotton ; the partner was W. E. Wotton ; tho whole business was then left in my hands ; Middleton never took any part in the matter ; there were no liabilities ; no books were kept ; I have delivered to the Official Assignee all assets and property belonging to my CBtate ; my life is not insured; the sum of £3 17b. 2d., due by me for rent, and included in my statement, is correct ; the only judgment against me is that of T. Hayes, for £148 10s. 4d., including costs, as shown in r.iy statement ; I have not mortgaged any property ; only one settlement has been given during tho past five yeai'B, and particulars of which have been given to the Utticial Assignee ; it was made about December last, and was a provision for wife and children ; it consisted of a buggy, sulky, four horses, two setB of harness, and office fittings, and jaa all included in the statement ; all claim under the settlement Iibb been given up to tho Official Assignee ; I have no evidence that I was able to pay my debts at the time of the making of the settle ment ; the Official Assignee holds the document ; there was no statement uf my affairs made at the date of the settlement ; 1 have not given any bill of sale ; I have not given any preference during tho three months prior to bankruptcy ; I did not givo notice to my creditors, either in writing or verbally, that I was about to suspend business, or unable to carry ou or to meet engagements ; I did not call a meeting of my creditors ; I became aware that I was unable to pay my debts when tho verdict was given against me ; 1 havo had no losses, except in trade, duiing the last two years ; the ledger shows my income ; the accounts forwarded to the Official Assignee shows all expendi ture during the past two years ; my in come was about £200 a year ; my expenditure during that time was about the same amount — £200 a year ; I have disclosed the whole of my estate and effects ; I cannot make any offer to pay iny creditors ; I received a notice from the Official Assignee to hand in the books and file accounts ; I did so ; 1 had accountH at the Union Bank and the Bank of New South Wales ; my wife has no bank ing account ; I have no children ; 1 am not a defendant in any ense ; my wife has a scpaiate estate, consisting of household furniture ; I was married on 7th October, 1897 ; that property was acquired by her before marriage ; the property was not paid for by any of my money. To Mr. O'Neill : In my statement to the Official Assignee, I gave particulars of four horses ; 1 don't own a grey horse, called ' The Ghost ;' I did not include that horse among the assets in my state ment ; I have not owned the horse during the last three years— I cave him to a lady three years ago ; at that time, I niny havo owed Mr. Hayes some money ; my ofQce furniture was intact at the time of valuation by the agent of tho Official Assignee ; I never owned an iron safe ; 1 owned four horses altogether at the time of filing my statement ; I did not give my wife uny money towards the purchase uf tho household furniture ; the furniture is in the house occupied by myself and my wife ; I last operated on my banking account towards the closo of March.last ; that closed my account ; the lest cheque drawn was £4 odd ; I have not settled with any of my creditors, nor entered into any compromise with any of them, since 1 filed my statement of affairs ; 1 have no other land besides the allotment accounted for in my statement, nor have I any interest in any other land. To Mr. Brimacombe : The grey horse was very old ; it was generally known that it belonged to the lady mentioned ; the household furniture was sent up from Sydney by my wife ; she purchased it herself ; I had no furniture before marriage, except office furniture. To Mr. O'Neill : I disposed of a horse snme time ago tn a man named Farrell ; I cannot say exactly how long ago it is since I sold it, but I believe it is about three years ; 1 got £4 for it ; tiro of my horsas died within the past three years. The examination then closed. Only one debt was proved, namely, Thomas Hayes, hotelkeeppr, District Court verdict, £140, which with costs amounted to £148 10s. 4d. The total liabilities wore set down at £173 6s., including £3 17s. rent. Assets, £72. The cither deb s included in tho schedule are as foliows : — Daniel BroB., Goulburn, £6 lls. ; Patrick Dwyer, £2 la. ; A. B.C. Guild, £2 ; Mechanics' Institute, £2 ; Henry Meurer, £2 15s. 4d. ; M. Coen, £2 Cs. 3d. ; U. A. O'Hara, £4 4s. lid. Homestead Selection Area.— The following will be open for selection, at Yass, on and after 30th Jane next : — Partly withiu Bowning population area, and in lieu of reserves 1,933 and 1933\. extension revoked. County Harden, parish Bowning ; portion comprised in block 149 ; area of block, 425} seres : capital value, £425 15s. (at £1 per acre) ; annual rent at 1£ per cent, for first five years, £6 6s. lid. : survey fee, £G ISs. ; nature and reported value of improve ments, fencing, half-value, £9 10s. ; nearest town, and distance therefrom, — 1J miles from B'lwutng ; water supply. — permanent supply in Washpen Creek*; character of land, soil, Umber, &c;, — very eetitly undulating good grazing country ; timbered with box, gum, apple, and stringybark ; Enit — light unndy, and poor on suuie --f the ridges ; about 100 acreB would be suitable for agri culture. Tour Grocer keeps Wood's Great Peppermint Cure fur Coughs and Colds, 1e. Gd. and 2s. Gd. 