' A TALB OF LQV$..A>Np INTRiGUE, fUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.' J x . , By GORDON STABLES, M.D., C.M., R.N., Author of "The Rose of Alkadsle," " Shadowed for Life," " Stanley Grahamo," ' The Grtrise of the « Snowbird,' " " The Hog of a Gentleman Sip/| it 0or Friend tho Dog," "For Money or For Leva" ! Aileen Aroeu," &o.;, &o.; _ ; ! , COPYRIGHT. V; - , CHAPTER XXIU. A Prsror, nr His Side — Dead. IFhen all the blandishments of life ;are gone, The coward sneaks to his death, the bravo live on. lonely isle, more than one change hnt' taken plaeeat.Killyobdcllesandthedistriet around. To begin with Jeannie Mastorton, she was a senseless bit lassie, as Scotch folk sny, despite the fact that she was very pretty, or houny, rather, for that word conveys far more. Affectionate she was . loo, and being a good daughter it stands r to reason that she would make a good wife. She had certainly a sort of a ' notion ' of Barton, though I doubt if .she quite knew her own heait. "When I lie had gone to bid her goodbye she cried n good deal, and although he made no love to her he kissed her perhaps more than once, jus thy way of comfort ing Iter. But it was out of sight out of mind with Jeannie, and Barton had not been gone six "months till a sporting minister from the south, paying a visit to her father's house, fairly danoed away with her affections, and in a few weeks' time the happy pair were inado man and wife. The next change was a death— nay, but two deaths, aiul the one followed fast on the heels of the other. The dear old kindly-hearted minister Gray passed away quietly in his own bed nt home, to tho terrible grief of poor Lucy, to say nothing of hundreds of frieudshe hail mttdo in life. He died upon a Wednesday, and he had preached a sermon only the Sunday before, apparently in his usual health, though some of his hearers did notfail to notice that his voice was not so strong as usual. For a month or two Lucy lived with an aunt. Thoa came like a bolt from the blue news of the sudden demise of the laird of Drumnaggit. Indeed his death had been terribly sudden. He had come in as usual from riding round-bis arable land, and gazing at his living wealth in the shape, of horses, sheep, aud kine, and he had dined well aud heartily. Then the old maiden housekeeper ' had cleared the table without saying a word, for there . was seldom much conversation at Drumnaggit. Next she placed the long- necked blue bottle on the table, and a single dram glass beside it, and retired. An hour or so afterwards, hearing no stir, she peeped in. Drumnaggit was sitting by the table, his chin resting on his hand, and ap parently asleep. He was indeed asleep, but it was that last long sleep, from which he would wake again no more in this world. At tho present moment, then, poor Lucy Gray had two sorrows : that for her dead father, and that for her lost lover. Months and months ago she ought to have heard from him, but no letter had come from the ship to anyone as fa'r as could he discovered. So al ready those who had friends and rela tions in tho unfortunate ship begun to fear the worst. But now Dmmaaggit's will was read, and it was found that he had kept his promise, so Lucy was now heir to all tho old laird's broad acres. It was a somewhat gloomy house for a young girl to take up her residence in, hut nevertheless she did. The very first person to call upon her was Letty herself. This was indeed unexpected kindness. Letty just drove up to the hall door with her trap and beautiful ponies, care lessly throwing the reins to her gillie, and, the door being opened, boldly entered. ' Ho need for tho slightest ceremony between you aud me, dear,' she said, as she kissed tho shy, retiring Luey, who in every way was Lettv's antithesis. | Sit down here beside me on the sofa, child,' she continued, as if she, and not .. Lucy, were mistress of Drumnaggit. .'I know all your story, all your sorrow, all your love. Nay, you needn't, blush, dear. Only men folks blush nowadays. I. was once your rival though.. Did poor Barton tell you " ' Oh, yes, Miss Johnson.' | Nono of that, Lucy!' . AVhat ' . ' I'm just Letty, you - dear little goosie.' , And Letty patted her kindly while tho tears flowed freely frdrh Lucy's eyes. 'That is right, cry, child, you'jll he bettor after thiit. Sometimes" I wish I could. ' But, heigb'o ! tears are denied tome.' 'Do -you .lovo Bartie?' said Luoy, preseiitly. . ,J ' I lovo Barfcio ! Yes, dearly.' Then she added with a smile, ' I suppose yon wouldn't liko to let me have him, would 'foil?'' '"V "" / ' . ' Oh !' cried ituoy, clasping her hands, 'I should die.' ' You mustn't think of doing anything in foolish, because if you did I should marry Bartou. ' At present we are1 merely brothor and sister. -You are pot Jealous?' ; ; . ' . ' Oh, no, Letty, and it-was so- kind of yoti to call.' . ... .. ' Well then, ring for tea, dear, -How many servants have you ?' ' Only the one old maid, and she hates ' ;ae.' . . V-.';- . . ' : ; ' Woll, we'll discharge her, "and I'll find yon three, at least. Indeed,' 'Lucy, child, for sake of poor Barfian I must >ruu you lor a while,. . r--y — . ! i ; ,'ltunme.?' . : ' Yes ; see to you ; .put you up to the ropes, and all that sort of thing. Oh, I know we shall he the fastest and dearest of friends.' ' Now,' continued , Letty after tea, which by the way, she : unhesitatingly pronounced 'poor stuff,' 'put on your things nnd drive over with me to Kin- niundie. There is ehcerfulaess there; in this gloomy haunt you would soon he a living ghost. B ut first let me discharge that sulky old Miss Seragg.' Luoy. was powerless under Letty's strong will. . , 'Do you really think,' she began! 'Yes, I do,' said Luoy, interrupting her. Then she rang the hell. 'Soragg,' she snid, imperiously. 'You are discharged. You can pack aud go to morrow. My agent, Hudson, will pay you three months' wages, and the house will he shut up. Come, child.' They left Seragg all agape, and soon Luey was. dressed, and drove off. Barton's mother and Nellie wero de lighted to see poor Lucy. But although Letty had givoit her a hint not to do so, the poor fond mother must at once launclt into the subject next her heart — her dear, lost ' latubie laddie,' whom, as she wrung her hands in grief, she said she should never see again. Letty saw that Lucy Gray would he crying in a minute, so she came to the rescue in her own abrupt way. 'Oh! by the way, Lucy,' sho cried, 'have you seen the last new waltz? It is suoh a delight. Come to the music-room. You, too, Nellie. Tra- lu-la. La-la-la!' And off Letty marched, singing. And all the time her own heart was, if not breaking, pining indeed to see the man she loved, but who could never be hers. Just six weeks after this, Luoy and Mrs. Adair, boiug still at Kinmundie, cheered, constantly cheered, by the brave- hearted Letty, news came to ICillyeoddles that left no doubt in tho mind of anyone concerning' the fate of the St. Clair. But this news Letty managed for quite a long time to keep from the hearing of those most con cerned. It was this : A ship homeward hound had picked up some distance to tlio cast of Cape Horn, not only the figurehead of the St. Cluir, but a portion of one of her boats. Aud tho captain of this craft — lie himself having been for a brief time in tho tail end of the tornado — averred that no ship could have lived an hour in sueh a fearful sea, aud exposed to so tremendous whirling wind. Hudson was one of tho first to get tho news; aud it rejoiced his heart ex ceedingly." He now saw a prospect of getting hold of that £20,000 from the ' old fool Clay,' as he called him.- He drove straight to his house. ' Good news ! ' he said. ' Good news, Clay ! Your rival is no more ! ' The old ' man rubbed his hands with delight. 'Now,' continued Hudson, ' go to-day, aud try to win before Letty gets tho news.' Tho old man dressed in his best did go, und he received his passport with an abruptness that quite took his. breath away. 'Now, Sir Robert,' said Letty, 'I thank you heartily for the honour you would do me, and if you really love me I am sorry for you. "But I have come to tho conclusion that British aristocracy isn't worth shucks. I can't marry you. I shall be pleased to remain friends with you, hut my heart belongs to Barton Adair. Ho is not mine, nor never may he, still we do not know tho future, and ' ' Barton is dead,' said Sir Robert. 'The figurehead of the ship has been found. He lies quietly enough now at tho bottom of the sea.' 'Then, thero my heart will lie too, Sir Robert,' till tho sea gives up its dead.' Sho put her hands to her. face! and for a moment or two shook nnd sobbed. 'Leave me now, Robbie,' - she -said. 'I do not wish anyone to witness my weakness.' But had anyone seen this bravo girl half an hour afterwards they could not have believed that tears could ever have dimmed her eyes. That very evening while the neigh- hours .-were altogether in M'Eluil's cosy bar parlour, toddy ladles in hand, and with Hudson — somewhat elevated— in their midst, a hlaok bearded man in a pilot' jgcke<(rad': liS6jtfg;,; like a sailor, entered and sat tlown. i ; ; k ! 'Punch, M 'Flail, ho said. 'Punoh and.a pipe. Punch for oho, and enough for three !' - ' ' Then overyone . know,: himit was Black Bob back from tlie.iStates. , But" Hudson's htiart..- heat strangely and uneasily, and as soon as possible he sought an interview with tho fellow, whom ho one', had '.'.welcoiped warmly, though. they listened to his yarns. The moon was ming . . over the shoulder of .Benachie, its light lay soft over, woodland and dell, and', shimmered liko new gold ou.the boiinie riypiy wh'eh Hudson and Bob stood face to face on the lonely road. Hudson waB not sdber, norwus Bob.: ' <> ' What brought; you ' Baok ?' This fiercely from 'the former. 1 ' ' Easy ' going, matey.' I returned 'cause I wanted more money.'' v ' 'Hutlsou's hand" stole'' round to his pistol pocket as if he meditated murder. 'Black Bob' at ..once. whipped, 'but his little gun. \ . !. ... ' ' See here,' he said coolly, 1 I've got the draw on you; and I know how to shoot,' -' Put up your .irons, Bob, J, oboii't pull. What have vou done with all the money I gavq -you ?'! . . ... .. . .. . ' Blue'd the bloomin' lot. Another thou', .Mr. Hudson, and I'll start afresh. Whatlyou woa!t?'.( . . . ;,- r - j .'No, .,1, won't, you .scoundrel., .I'll <.tt-teqnbdfy'"xdi8)iMi first.'! : "'You'll live to'rue.'it.?.) 1 ! - Then Black Boh returned to the inn. 'But noxt morning -ho was early astir. He borrowed a horse and had ridden over , to Kinmuhdie heforc Hudcoa, who had a headache, was' out of bed. u . Black Bob saw Miss Johnson, though 'what passed! between thorn may never be known-.; But let ate., add that from that "very- morning after paying 'his bill at M'Flail's, Black Bob disappeared, and from that day to this has never been seen on Scottish soil. !.,. . . Peeping out of his window about nrde o'clock Hudson saw Black Bob walking away from the house. He turned ghastly pale. He., knew his game was up- He rang for his servant and told him to inform Miss Johnson that ho did not feol well enough to come down to break fast. .'"When- the man- returned he was ordered to pack his master's boxes, as;lie had received a letter that demanded, his instant departure on business. , . ' I shall not be hack for a few- days. I'll soo Miss Johnson when I go down,' he added. ' Miss Johnson has gone, sir, to Aber deen, I think.' Hudson cursed his luck. He would be watched, perhaps eyen apprehended at tho station. ,, .? He thought no more of his boxes now. ' I'll send for those,' he told.his man. But at 12 o'clock, with a leather case across, his shoulders,, ho mounted .his horse and rode off. A sturdy horse nnd strong/ And late that night he put up at a. small country inn some miles south of the Doe. j . Next evening ho caught a train at Stonehaven, and before morning alighted safe nnd sound in Glasgow. He laughed low to himself as .he walked quietly up the street to one of tho least known temperance hotels. That same day he visited his bank and realised, drawing out every sixpence of his ill- gotten gains. v ' They'll have fleet steeds that follow,' he said to himself, as he stepped on hoard an American boat next afternoon. He was strangely impatient, how ever, aud stood leaning over the quarter deck bulwarks watching with tremulous eagerness every passenger that came oa board. The ship was just hauling off when a hail camo from the quay, and next moment two men without luggage rushed hurriedly across the gangway, and finding tho captain on the bridge spoke a few words to him, aad showed him a paper of an ominous blue. Hudson knew whnt all this meant. He hurried below to his, cabin, and when the officers of the law came below they found it locked. No one had heard a sound, owing perhaps to the noise of tho steam, but when the door was burst open Hudson was found lying on his back on tho sofa with a pistol by his side — dead. CHAPTER XXIV. ' On ! Babto.v Mv E bother is Dead.' The daintiest last, To make the end most sweet. ' lkD the J savages was now wpperowrt in ' W the minds of the castaways. If th£Y did tbeJ" ®r3iiitek!r would no doubt appear iu over whelming force, aud no one could tell what the result might ho. But the time wore by — a week — two weeks — almost a month, and still there wore no signs of them. Those of. the wounded who did not succumb to their injuries were now well and able to work. Kindness will tame the wildest beast, and the treatment these natives received at the hands of tho whites told upon their savage nature, and, as well as they could they .expressed their gratitude. An idea occurred to Barton Adair, a happy thought, 'but whether it ended in good results or not may never — from the turn that events took — he known. But assisted , by theso ton fearsome- looking, though new woll-disposed savages, the keel of a boat was laid, and in a week's time it was completed. There were many sealskins handy, and with theso the natives themselves patched it up. Then one fino morning they were des patched to their own cold and inhospit able land, laden with beads and coloured clotli from a store saved from the St. Clair, and which had been intended as gifts for the natives of . the South Pacific Islands. . The men were overwhelmed with delight, and departed from the island with shouts of- savage joy. , 'Have I done right or wrong?' said Barton Adair, after they were gone. V ' I fear wrong,' was Dickinson's reply.' ' In fact, brother Bart;', I have 'not the slightest faith to put' , in these /rascals, tlnoyes, murderers, (Cannibals., The" probability is that they ! will now attempt to gain the; source of these' gifts,; and murder us all for what remains.' ' Dickinson,.- better, -wo should . fall under tho arrows of- these wild: men than die in slow agony, on. the - approach of winter." " / " ' . , ,_Noxt ' day. Barton ! Adair . was down with sickness, a kind of low fever,: with utter prostration, - brought en -doubtless from the oxciteraent and; privations, he had endured. .Fainter and fainter grow he. Feebltr, and still Imoro feeble. .- It-was evident that the tide of life was ebbing, ebbing, back, hack into the . : great ocean - of eternity. . One morning the sun shone brightly over tho diffipled waters,1 scattering over the wavelets gems . of silver light. . .,It was a day that under' other and. less sad circumstances would. have -made those poor castaways feel that even to live " or; exist was joy. ' There: was hea'uty„eVerywhere, tho'hills and valleys were still covered . "with wild 'flowers! the .birds now. saiig on the 'myrtle hushes ; the gulls soreamed with joy- as they wheeled anfi taoked in the, blue sky, and the wind Was-' soft and' balmy as that ; which . blows . ovpr the Scot tish. hills whoa the summer is in its , prime, r , t i , , j' Poor Barton;':. lay oA'.'his lhackvin.his rough -wooden Jmnk, too fehble to talk above a Whisper! :He was alone for tho timo being, and thinking of home and her. ' Presently Dickinson himself entered. ; 'Barton, boy,' he said,' laying a- sym pathising hand on the siok man's shoulder. ' Can you hoar bad hews ?' 'I think I can.' ' The savages are comingoff from'the mainland in force !' 'L am 'prepared; Dickinson. ' May God- comfort my- mother, Nellie; ' and -' .tke dear, girl that should have been my ;bride.' ' i'Wo must hope for the best oven yet, Barton. My fellows and I will make a ;right brave stand.' ; Just.- then . a - - man appeared j .' and 'beckoned to Dickinson, who immediately ; rose and followed him' out; , ' ) : ? Soon after this Barton heard cheering, and' drowsily 'wondered what it could mean; -Ho was not ;left -long in doubt. For 'in a few' minutes Dickinson -.re turned, his face was beaming, his eyes a-sparkle with joy. 'Dear Barton,' he 'said; - 'we aro saved! There is -a yaoht hearing' down On us, for she has seen our signal.'' 'Barton ! Barton !! Dickinson spoke in anguish now, for the sick man's eyes had closed,- and; his head had fallen back. The good uewS'had beoh too sudden. ' Oh ! Barton' my brother is dead !' That , yacht was a relief or search expedition; got up by Letty herself after the death ' of "her evil agent and guardian. For she could never believe that the erew of the St. Clair were dead, nor would she permit Mrs. Adair, Nellie, nor sweet Luoy Gray herself to believe it. The yabht had both steam and sail, but it had searched all along the eastern coast of Tierra del Fuego, and even entered the Straits of - Magellan. - In vain, of course — till now. But Barton was not dead. He had but fainted with the sudden- and unexpected tidings of joy. Dickinson, as soon as he recovered Bpeeoli, got him to swallow a little rum and condensed milk, and then he was better able to listen to the glorious news. That was a bonnie boat which left the starboard side of the Amarilla'and came bounding sihorcwards over the sparkling sea. And the first to leap on shore was Letty herself. The men rushed down to meet the boat. But no Btirton was there, and the poor girl wrung her hands in anguish as sho cried, ' Tell me, tell mo quickly. Why is not Barton here. : Is he — ishe.dcad?' Shortly after this she was sitting .by his bedside., weeping tears that were partly born of- joy, but chiefly of sorrow. She could scarcely believe that the gaunt and hollow-cheeked man who lay here so low and wan was the same Bartou she hod parted with — oh, such a long timo ago it seemed — in all the prime of young manhood and health. But there was' everything on hoard tlie yaoht to restore him. And she her self became his nurse. For some days he appeared to hover on the-brink:of death, bilt gradually he grew brighter and stronger, and in . a inonth'3 time-he was able to he taken on board. - Braeing'sea breezes did the rest, , and when "the . Amorilla called at the port of Rio, one of the most romantic and beuutiftil spots on earth, Barton was able to gd on shore with Letty, accom panied, of course, by the faithful St. Bernard. Many a delightful picnic did they have, and sorry they were to leave. It was so like dear old times, as Letty ex pressed it, with something very like tears in her.bonnic eyes. Some parts of a story aro best loft to the imagination of tho reader, and so I must pass over tile happy meeting of Barton with his mother and Nellie, and then with Luey— alone. Letty was never better pleased than when she had her bouse well filled with pleasant guests. She was a girl who could not . livo except in a whirl of excitement. And now that poor little heart of hers really needed-tho sympathy of all the frieuds sho' had. Had she not hoeu disappointed in love ? There is no comfort in 'telling anyone who has undergone this sad experience that nobody ever - does marry a first love. For people do so ofton, and they ought to do so always. On hor arrival homo and on tho first evening there was not a happier-looking girl in the drawing-room — she had invited friends to meet the castaways— and certainly nono -more charming or beautiful than this, girl from the States. She was' the life and tlie light of all tho party. But— ah ! that , weary .' but . '— when all were gone, and when- her maid hail left, her for the night, Letty gave herself up to griof, accompanied by a fit' of sobbing and flood of tears that would have melted a'.hcart of stone, to witness. For the future,, Letty told herself next morning, that,. all her. happiness must now: rest, in trying to make others happy. A good resolve! . \- Yes, -Lucy ; Gray and Barton Adair were married, ' by honest littlo Mr. Saunfiers; "the minister.' ! ; !A bonfire blazed even oh the top of Benachie, and great indeed was the rejoioing-in Killy- coddl,es itself, and as much toddy was consumed thereat as would have sufficed to flbat a man o' war's boat. .The honeymoon was but a brief one, and was Apont- amidst the rbmahtio and beautiful .scenery.: around Foyers and Inverness. ... , . Years have flown .since then. . Barton Adair! with his" 'mother and' his sweet little wife;: are , .hack once more at tha farm of : Cowdcn-Knowes, .. and ' Letty, who took (Drumnaggit off Lucy's hands,, and turned-it into -a.chgmingi mansion; is a constant visitor; at the farm. There is no moro happy old lady, If ,helievo, than, Mrs,. Adair.. ;:Bhe will tell ! you, with that "reverence'' 'in her voice' which Scotoh t folks have for Scripture, that even as the Lord blessed tho latter years of Job' more than- tlie beginning, so has 'he", 'blessed her ' ltuhmie laddie,' Barton. ' Dickinson ,"is still at -sea, and many a long -voyage southwards ,:he makes. His ship. is', his own,, and I have never" 'seen, oven in a 'yacht/ a more, sweetly pretty boudoir than their private! after-cabin - is',' with ita: beautiful , stern, windows .looking away across the bright blue tea. I have said 'their' after-cabin. ! ' ; It .is easy 'to guets why. ' ' . For Nelliq Adair. is the-sailoris wife; Long, long may thev sail the seas (together,-"-. "-t-bmraojl -: q i :: 