AliiEIBNTS. HER MAJESTFS THEATRE. MR. WILSON BARRETT'S H Alftl^ET, ? The appsarance_cn Saturday evening of Mr. Wilson Barrett as Hamlet .afforded an opportunity fcr judg ing him, ef course, by one cf the highest standards . cf histrionic art. for though it is an accepted asser tion that no player who has fairly mastered even the - mechanical details of his' business can actually £ail in the character of the Danish Prince, it k adj.' mitted at the same time with as little hesitation^ that, in such a part, to get 'at all beyond e mediocre level needs talaat of no ordinary sort. ' The as sumption ef the part by Mr. Wilaan Barrett was es pecially- interesting to Sydney theatre- goers from the - reports which haa preceded it. It was epoken of as one of the great successes of Mr. Barrett'e aea-': son in Melbourne. Curlcusity with, respect to the., performance' was further stimulated by the circula tion of \a .broadsheet — to apply an oldfashioned pnnase to a. rather new device — m. which the. actor explained his treatment of the great Shaksperifii tragedy^ and/ without much ambignity, mtimatefl tfaat he had eliuck jdiit Unra which were absolutely original. This was matter indeed. It is hardly -neces- sary to say that there was a crowded house to see a Hamlet who had promised so much. The promlea was not fulfilled exactly to the extent which eoujji have been desired. It would be a gross injustice to the memory of the really great Shaksperian actore who have trod the Australian stage, and who have been witnessed in Hamlet, to say that Mr. Wilson Barrett has by the psrfcrmance in question estab lished any claim to rank beside them, much 'less ' to improve upon them. When be directly chal lenges comparison' with the greatest interpreters tif ; Shakepere, it- is 'as well to epeak .plainly, even' at | the risk of seaming to speak illrnaturedly, of hik' efforts. It does net? it is to be hopad, necessarily j involve an .inconsistency to admire him very much in. other parte, and yet draw the line at his Hamlet. The two nw-ii points en which he has dweit in ihe announcements which have heralded his Hamlet ia hie discoverey that ths Prince was perfectly eane all through, and that,. Instead of being of the com paratively mature ;. age of 30 or thereabout, which he is commonly supposed to have been,. he was -a mere youth - when the events which Shakepere pictures bsgah and ended. As regards the theory of . Hamltet's sanity, Mr. Barrett can hardly plume himself on the point of originality. Actors before he was hoard of had taken such a^view of the character. 'i At any rate, neirher his theory nor the practice ! to which he reduces it is in the least likely to weaken the -counter one that, after all, there was something of real insanity mingled with the 'antic disposition' which the Prince put on. Mr. Bar-, rett's idea as to Hamiet\3 youth is perhaps one which is less .open to question, but it requires an 'unusually strong effort of the imagination to ac cept it in view of such a likeness of the Prince a£ he actually presents. Despite what clean shav ing could do. for him in the attempt to counter feit a youthful visage, he looks a Hamlet not merely of 30, but' of 40. That, pf course, is bet his fault, but it is unfortunate for the illusion he wishes to maintain. It tz awkward, too, that; he should happen to suggest so unmistakably that passage in the fifth act, .which he holds to have been an interpolated one, and in which it is set down that 'our sen is- fat.' The most important alterations which Mr. Barrett has made in the tra ditional way of presenting 'Hamlet'' is his inclu sion o£ a portion of the fourth act in the third. Persons familiar with the tragedy will remem ber that the third act used to end after the scene ?between Hamlet and his mother, in which the ghost reappears. Mr. Barrett's supposition that there has been some curious confusion of the scenes as devised by the great dramatist himself, on the part c£ thece who subsequently arranged thsra for publication, is reasonable enough. The method which he has adopted in putting the piece on the stake certainly makes what seems a fairer ' allowance for the time which might naturally be thought to have been occupied in the course of the various events comprised in the fourth act, ac cording to the old arrangement. For this altera tion he deserves credit. Mr. Barrett introduces several new readings, and two of the most notable ones may be. mentioned. Hamlet, -instead of the interjection, on the King's remark as to their kin ship, 'A little more than kin and less than kind;' -says, 'A little more than kith and less than kind' — the latter word being pronounced 'kinned.' Iu the famous soliloquy on death- he speaks of tak ing 'arms against a siege of troubles.' It is not by any means clearly demonstrable that 'siege' is a better word in this connection than the old one of 'sea,' proverbially associated as it is, and, doubtless, as it was -in Shakespere's time, with the idea of continued agitation and trouble. As for the first-mentioned change it may, 'witlr much greater confidence, be characterised as a far-fetched and fantastic one. No Englishman of the Elizabethan era would have had the slight est difficulty in understanding the meaning of the line, 'A little more than kin and less than kind.' It had a very pregnant meaning. A better, know ledge of provincial survivals of old English forms of speech than Mr. Barrett would appear to pos-. s;ss would have made him aware of the peculiar appropriateness of the expression., 'kind' as Used by Hamlet, and pronounced exactly as it is now. In other words, what* Hamlet- says is-that his 'uncle' is a 'little more than kin and less than' — natural. Kind in the Elizabethan* days was. 4 synonym for natural. Apart from the novelties which he introduces in the tragedy, Mr. Wilson Barrett's impersonation of its hero has nothing very striking about it. It is only what is barely due to some of the men who have gone before him to emphasise that fact. He declaims the speeches with great vigor; but, somehow, hfe ne ver seems to get out 'of an environment of prose. There is nothing magnetic, nothing imaginative in. -his Hamlet. To use a phrase of Charles Dic kens's, he never from first to last carries; the spectator 'out of himself.' He is one of the vej-y hardest and most decidedly matter-of-fact Hamlets that Jias ever trod the boards. ' In no instance did he arouse the audience to genuine enthusiasm; but, at all events, they frequently greeted him with hearty applause. Miss Maud Jeffries as Ophelia was somewhat disappointing j in the earlier scenes; but she depicted Ophelia's I madness in a very impressive manner, and in some respects with a ? departure from* convenT tional methods. Miss Lilian McCarthy as the Qiieen, in keeping with the notion as to Hamlet's extreme youth, was made up to look a comparatively young wo man. She might easily have passed for the daughter of the 'young Hamlet,' who called her mother. The King, as represented by Mr. Car ter Edwards, was somewhat mincing in . speech, but of sinister aspect, and with 'Judas-colored hair.' One of the very best played of the re maining parts was that of the first grave-digger by Mr. Ambrose Manning:. Yet, in curi ous opposition to the -contention of Mr. Wilson Barrett that it has been an absurdity to repre sent the grave-digger as a man of 60, that solemn functionary in this case would not have discre dited SO. The scenery was very picturesque; and other appropriate embellishments to the produc tion were not wanting. 