H3S WAS EEAUJSTTHD. Fischer's ghost has been laid, to the regret of those who have cherished him as a winter story for the fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a three-railed fence as a clue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Glebe, Sydney, who was haunted by a spectre which never left him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him, and he began to look upon it as a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he could lay it, as they had laid Fischer's ghoBt. The worst of the matter was that it was invisible to all but himself ; he was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length the means were given him to free himself of its hateful presence, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative who waited upon him at 86 13ridge---road, Glebe : — ' For the past eight years,' said Mr. Wm. Burke, shoemaker, ' I have endured very much from Constipation and piles ; no medicine seertted to do rile good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was tod drowsy to do my work Nothing I took could free me of painy until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do not gripo or weaken, and yet do all that is said of them. 1 am a better man to-day than I Have been for years. It is a grand cure.' Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills cure such cases. They are a positive cure for live* ailments, sick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood- purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, j and all skin diseases As a woman's best friend ; they stand alone. Sold by chemists and store- j keepers, price, Is 1-J-d per bottle, or six bottles 6s. If unable to procure where you reside, The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd, 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, will for ward same upon receipt of price. 