OUR TELEPHONE. I Hello there ! Ring up our local photograph'er, please. Right you are ! Going to get your ' phiz ' taken 1 Try him now ! Hello ! frieud B. The Chronicle greets you. Same to you, sir ! What's the trouble 1 Oh ! nothing startling. Only we hpni'd vnil hud a little, advent-, lira last week. Ah ! Ah I Ah ! It makes me smile when I think of it. Yes ; we believe it was rather Amusing. Bui we want to know what exactly did take place, as we have heard several versions of the affair. Well, it was like this. I had been for a trip down the river, and left ' Tommy ' and the trap on the road while I went for a drink at a water hole some distance away. You're sure it was a waterhole ! It wasn't. one of those other places where something stronger than water is retailed ? Decidedly not ! Do you think for a moment that I ? Certainly not, friend B. But what has this got to do with the ghost yarn, bolting, etc., we have heard so much about 1 Well, you see, while I was quench ing my thirst at the pool I heard a rumbling on the road, and thinking the usually staid ' Tommy ' had been upset by the festive season, and bolted, I at once started in pursuit. But where's the ghost ? It's coming ! You newspaper fellows arc an impatient crowd ! I was saying I started in pursuit. Well, the harder 1 went the harder ' Tommy ' went— or at least what I supposed to be the run-away Thomas. ' Whoa Tommy ! Whoa Tommy !' I shouted. But the more 1 shouted the faster he went. But where's the ghost 1 Coming ! Directly I got within sight of the careering steed a wild, piercing shriek broke on the stillness of the night. I stopped suddenly — very suddenly — and gazed before me in astonishment, for I found that I had been chasing a strange horse and trap — in which were seated a lady and j5euuewa.1t— iui ttuuuL i-uicc ur iuui hundred yards. And where was Tommy in the meantime, and — where was the ghost 1 Ah ! Poor, faithful, old ' Tommy ' that he is, he was standing exactly where I left him, oblivious of the fact that I had been calling on him in vain. And the ghost ! Tt was I ! You see, I had my llOdegs. white suit on, and as 1 suddenly, emerged from the bnsh and gave chase to my imaginary turnout, the young lady and her beau at once came- to the conclusion that I was an uncanny spirit from the other world. He whipped up the horse, and the faster I ran and tho more I shouted ' Whoa, Tommy !' the more he laid on the lash. It was indeed a great race ! In fact, it was a case of ' The more I said whoa, He said let her go, And the horse went a little bit faster.' That's it to a T. Then the lady screamed ! I stopped I They stopped ! I explained ! They explained I And, finally, I went back to the faithful ' Tommy,' wich the one consolation that if ever the old rascal did bolt I'd be able to set him a good ' go,' and be in at the finish. Ting, ting. * * ?*? Call Mr. Lewis 1 Aud call loud ! Right. Oh ! come ! You needn't bawl, you know I Mr. Lewis is here. Interrogate him ! Good day, old friend ! How'sc all of you. I don't want the doctor I , Who the dickens said you did. How are you 1 No! That was last election I told Y ? Hang what you told anybody ! J ust so ! That's what I say. If I get a good idea, and tell it to somebody else, and then that one takes it as his own ? Go on, please ! Of course 1 did. I told Young about it last election, and he laughed it to scorn. Told hint what? Can't you talk about what wo. have called you for 1 That's Wherii^it ' is. ' When I was talking to Burdett-Smith years ago — But he's dead 1' Certainly he is, but for all that his opinion and mine were alike. So was Charley Roberts, and old Parkes ! he was on the same side. Now ! Like a good fellow, tell us what it's all about. We called you for a specific purpose. And you could'nt have called a better man. Hurrah ! Congratulate you upon hearing that ! And you are a wonder, for your age. Your memory is remark able. Well ! as I was saying I told Young about it years ago, and last election, and now he claims it as an origins. 1 idea of- his own. Good heavens, man alive, do, pray do, tell us what it's all about. All about 1 Why giving the vote to the ladies. He'd never have thought of it onlv for me. He evidently thinks of it now, at any rate. Yes, iudeed ! He called me an old woman, in derision of the sex. It was a bit of three-edged folly, certainly. He wasn't courteous to the female sex, he made a joke, and lost a vote. Truth ! But when I was talking to Vivian — line, tins 