REiOITES IN CONCLAVE.! [By Geo. H, Queen.] And the Glass-Eyed One again appeared amongst his Elders, and spake unto them words of cunning, tbat they might sink deep into their soul and bear forth fruit. And ihe unctuouB old Patriarch, Brunker, speaking to tbe Elders, said: 1 Heard ye not, oh, my brethren, rumors dir. nnt) fi.rtm.nmn rn t.hA nnnt.nnnAmBDt of last week's meeting e£ the Kzecutire, wherein we are charged with dereliction of duty and gross inhumanity for post poning tbe meeting due on the day of the great Smellbone Cup race, for the Tribes in anger loudly declare that the consideration of one's case, whose life or d.ith dopended opou our deliberation, should have been considered more important than the Smell bone Cup. And the Tribesmen in -mth de clare many efi us Elders were to be seen in and around various totes laying our little bit. Now 1 aak you, brethren, to refute this malicious slander. Speaking for myself I can eay the Smell bone Cup bad no interest for me, but meeting with heavy loss in failing to catches ten marks in the halls of the Celestial, 1 wandered afar ia to tbe wilds of King-street, and as my weary footsteps l'altered by the way side, my progress was impeded by the multitude ef Grafters and non-Grafters congregated in front of a notice, and with the curiosity of an ancient female I paused to peruse what I thought was a call to prayer, and ray soul was lilted with borror to discover I was reading the results of tbe race for the Smellbone Cup. This, brethren, would account for my presence in the vicinity of the wicked totes. _ And He of the Glass Eye, speaking in a sympathetic manner, said : — ' Hearken not, oh my bucolic friend, unto the voice of the rabble, whe are but wicked Grfcfters, for The Grafter I moit care abont Is the one tbat won the Cup, For joy I felt beneath my belt When his number it went up. Barney Varkes oftheGhest Office, rising asked him of tbe Glass Eye whether he was aware invasion was threatened by hords of uncivilised Franks, and if so what steps bad been taken to repel any attaok that might endanger tbe safety of the Ghost Oliica clock. And tbe Glass Eyed One answered thus : 'Best thee in peace oh my brother, 'for tbe safety of thy Waterbury is fully assured, for truly vas 1 pre-warned, and X havo organised a band of submarine explorers to scavenge the mud Hats of tbe harbor that they may find and recover therefrom tbe lost torpedo mentioned in ancient history as having escaped from the hands our Torpedo corps in tbe long ago, whilat manipulating therewith. And instructions bath been giren that on its recovery it should be taken to National Park and tbere buried, thus removing all danger to our own marine. Also havo I directed that the guns at George's Head be loaded with blue metal — this would induce tbe enemy lo think tbey were being attacked by a roc y ' push,' the very fact of which would be sufficient to disperse any enemy from our coast And Sraooger Lee, of the balls of In josticp, arose and addressed the Glass Eyed one thus : — 'These precautions, oh Itumpty, reflect great credit on thy Generalship: but fain would I ask, should these precautions fail to arrest the progress of the enemy, that special trains uboaid be provided to convey the Elders into retirement.' Xiie Unctuous Brunker, rising with bear liko jjrace, mked the. Glaas ^Byed One was be aware that dancing of every description Was being indulged in br the ungodly in the city on the board's day. And the Glass -Eyed One, blushing furiously, diffidently answered: 'Yea, and 1 am aware of this, and it grierettj my soul to learn my boon companion 'Jessep,' who selietii the festive Banana to the unsuspecting Tribes, found it impossible to gain admittance'to one of these balls in York-street.' And Holy Joe the Miner, interjecting, said : ' Word bath come to my ears that this sanctimonious snnllle-busting Jessep endeavou ed to gain admittance as a dead head, perhaps expecting to enter on his Parliamentary Pass ; this, in itself, might be tolerated, but the doorkeeper properly barred the two embryo Kosbcrryites who together sought to enjoy the light fantastic on the nod.' And ho of the Glass Eye rose in fierce resontment and said unto Joe tbe Miner, ' Why castetb thou so foul a slander at my friend Karner Jessep ; knowest thou not tnat bis pedal extremities are of ?i/e suf ficient to forever debar him from such terpsichorean antics.' Now Barney Varkes, of the GhostOffice, anxious to change the subject, said to him of the G ass Eye : ' L'ell me, 1 pray thee, is there foundation for the rumors current amongst the Tribes that the Gekmax Laut in Albion contemplateth abdicating her position in favor of the eon of the lascivious Ted And the Glass Eyed one, answering, said, — 'Itgetteth over me, should the rumor prove to have foundation, that Ted, usually bo fly, should be so baokward in collaring the position forsaken by bis ma ; for tbe amount of boodle that he would draw whilst ruling the Albionite. would enable him to enjoy to their fall limit the voluptuous pleasures of which be hsa proved himself so fond, and I tbink a word of praise i. dus to the Lady made in Germany for retiring on the thirteen million, wbich she* has wrung from th« pookets of the horny handed Brittiaber, bo as to give someone else a Bhow to do like, wise. And Cooky of the Camera, anticipating a trip to Albion, and with an eye to Glass Ky.d favors, a«'-ed| the eldera tp join.Mm in . .the . revised .edition of the Australian National Anthem. God bleu George Houston Beid, - God bleu his podgy breed, - This ain't no screed. When he's victorious, he's most uproarious, Oft' drunk and glorious, Q*orge Houston Beid. What thoaeh the Barton horde Oft' draw Protection's sword To down onr creed. Yet doth he keep hi. post Backed by a Toady host Who aslntn.ly bray this toast, Bless Bnmpty Beid, Now the Elder for Ignorance, who had been furtively watching the seraphic countenance of the Glass-Eyed One, anxiously asked (withoutnotice): — 'What ailetli thee, oh tiumpty, that thy visage should so lengthen whilst thy disoiples are singing thy praises ; tell me I pray thee wh&t-is; exercising thy mind.' And the Glass-Eyed One ,with streaming eyes, and broken voice spake thus : — ' Hearken unto me, oh my Brethren, for our sins have surely found us ont, for verily 1 tell ye tbe result of onr malad ministration is a woeful shortage in the Treasury, and we lack the wherewithal to: meet the requirements of .the coming year, . and I ask y.ur counsel that we may con tinue to hoodwink the people, and so retain onr hold upon the Treasury chests. And John the Jap, with tbe simplicity of ono learned in legal lore, said unto tbo Elders : — As a means to supply the need ful for tbe year'* expenditure, I would suggest that we manufacture and eell nnto the Tobyites quantities of that which Protectionists loudly proclaim to be a cure for all the ills' flesh 'is beir to, known onto the tribos as Protective duties. Now this would Berve a double purpose, that of raising the wind, and rovenging ourselves upon The Grafters, who have of late sub jected us to many snubs.' And the Glass Eyed One. noting tbe drift of John tbe Jbp's remarks, said :— ' Yea, verily, tbis will we do, and tbat it may be felt by the Grafters of the land, we will sell unto tbem a mixture that they shall be compelled to take with their tea, and behold, the mixture shall be unto them as 3d added to the cost of every lb. of tea consumed by til esa. And having our hand in, 1 deem it wise to let tho Grafter know his Sunday's rice pudding shall be deemed a luxury, for which he shall put into tbe Treasury a certain sum. These measures, oh my brethren, slftuld secure for us the ever lasting gratitude of the wretched Grafters, for it raisetb their social status as men using as luxuries that whicb hitherto have been considered necessaries of life. And though some may accuse us of backsliding from our promises on the hustings, yet do I bold that a true politician should be as a good coat, which having worn thread bare on one side, is capable of being turned and worn on the other. i 