THE I.IGRHTTHAT CAST NO SHADOW. Crnlous stories are told about the powers pnossed by certain natives of India, whp live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world kqows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the -adepts," as these queer SHindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable perfor dqances. They treated him rather scurvily. but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a care wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I can't see to read, here," said the visitor, "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came. but he noticed that it had one stranre quality-" it cast not the slightest shadow." This is a story hard to believe, yet the I truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason fr doubt except that all the lights "you" have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake. yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience) Take an example: "Ini tfie spring oa 1888," writes our corres pondegt, "I fell into alow.weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At frst my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depres-. sion of spirits. I kept on with my work, but had alway s sense of discomfort. Of .and o? I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. ,Although I had no reason at first to feel any t confidence in this medicine, never havingI used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother S igel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the bet of health and spirits. In the interests of suering humanity I deem it a duty to end you this testiay. (Sigsed) u D. Qriatos, tailor and atitter. 1 H1, Hocklq Hill, Birmingham, Jnue Sth, 1893." There is a deal of di?erence btwen r. Grifth's csadid letteu and the story hobot the light that cast no .sabda. The latter. ary be tr1e enough, at itit aot be verifed without more troublathan it is worth. On the other hand wc have a tritworthy' witaeas, who will answer letters -of iquaiy, s can befond at his address. F inaltly, there is othingmywfcorspgiel abouit Mother Seigel's Curative Pmup. It .ets on the theory that ma aitents are 'lst symptomi. fodus or- PAses of that ii ?s die ad ie hadigstisachad dark nd rtffri shri adowis. And that is wy pesile believe all thatlik'tifdohitilsaehai ibyeager witnesses. 