PHOTOGRAPHING- THE INVISIBLE. We are. still mystery-loving enough to be roused'to a state of interest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when it "comes to. us under scientific authority (re marks the Saturday Mcvieiu). A curiosity of this nature was awakeped by Dr. .Russell's "Experimentson the action of metals and other substances on a photographic plate," as the dry title has it; and this curiosity has received an additional stimulus from the. further researches _ which he expounded to the Royal Society in the ■Bakerian lecture in March. The title of "the lecture might almost have been " the.catching of invisible vapors, and the manufacture and photography of ghosts." For although this advanced photo graphy is quite a' piece of "latter-day science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapors given, off from newspapers, metals, pill-boxes, wood, and a thousand diverse substances, an air of medneval romance ■wafted from the days of Albertus Magnus. It is probably within the-recollection of most of us that Dr. Russell discovered that an enor mous variety of substances were capable of giving a permanent record of their surfaces on a: photographic plate when they wero placed, in contact with it and left for. some time in the dark. But there/was no definite explanation of the . cause of this. Why should a piece of'wood a hundred years, old, or a newspaper cutting, or a polished sheet of zinc photograph itself in this way? The reply is at last forthcoming—each of these substances gives off its own particular vapor, presumably in the form of/ a gas, and this vapor can act upon the silver salts in the sensitive plate in precisely the same manner as | lightitself. , . j The manufacture of ghosts lends additional! proof to the vapor, theory. A sheet of polished zinc is cut into some shape, say that of a ghost (traditional form), and is placed in contact with a piece, of white cardboard for sometime; the zinc, is then removed, and the! ■ cardboard tied up with a photographic plate. When the plate comes to be developed there appears a black ghost on a: white background, j Whilst the zinc and cardboard were together the zinc vapor has been-entering the pores of the card, so that to all appearance as blank as before there is, in reality, a ghost depicted in it in zinc vapor, and ..this ghost can be .made visible only by the photographic means described above. - It is too early to arrive, at any final conclu sion about these things, but we shall almost certainly have to revolutionise our ideas about vapors in general. We are not _at all used to . think of nickel, zinc, and aluminium as each giving off the vapor of its particular metal at j \- ordinary temperatures; still less can we at present realise the calm manner in which! these emissions stalk through sheets of gela tine' and celluloid, as though there wert^ nothing there. But the facts remain and j constitute one of the most curious and in-. | . teresting developments of science that has | occurred for a long time. e \ 