THEY WALK THE NIGHT ,I I THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. ' The numberless superstitions which beset! humanity in the past are almost gone, and with rapid strides the world beoome* daily more matter of fact. Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe in them. ltd habit nowadays is to want to put its bands on things, to know by touch a* well as eight that the things are there before it believes, but nevertheless ghosts move here and there in the throngs, and intelligent people are convinced that they ore aotualljrsupernntural visitors. A case in point ia tbe Benton ghost, which is attracting much attention. A farmer named John W. French and his wife were the first to see the apparition. They lire in the country near Benton, and Wi?re driving home one night from a neighbour's. Tbe road pasBed an old churab, moss covered and surrounded by a gravavard, overgiown with shrubbery and filled with the bones of hundreds who once tilled the soil in the locality. Ten years ago an aged mRn who lived alone not far from tbe old church and visited tho graveyard almost daily to pray over the resting plaoe of eome relative, was fuully murdered for the etore of gold he was supposed to have hidden about his hermi> abode. The rabbets and murderers escaped justice, and the luckless greybeard was buried in the graveyard where he spent so much time. Just as French and his wife drew within eight of the white headstones in tbe churchyard the horses reared back on their haunches and enorted in terror. French was alarmed, and, suspecting highwaymen had been scented by tbe horses he reached for a gun, but before his hand touched it he was startled by a scream from his wife. Clutching his arm, she pointed straight ahead and gasped : " Look, John. Look I " Far down the road, just beside the glimmering monuments of the old graveyard, be sew an apparition. It was that of a man with a long white beard sweeping over his breast. The figure appeared to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it carried a club, such as the brains of the old man had been beaten out with ten years before. Slowly raising one arm, the ghost with a majestic sweep beckoned French to come on. He was too etartled to do anything except try u> restrain the prancing hones, which were straining at the harness in attempts to ^ break away and run. A cold ewe'a't"started'out alT'7ver'the'body'o'rthe ! fanner as he realised that be was at last looking at a ghost, and then the Bound of his wife's voice came to him, begging him to return the wav they had come and ercape the doom which seemed impending. Frenoh was Btill too much scared and excited to control the horses, and aa he gaaed steadfastly at the fearful white object in the road it slowly began to move toward them, The club was now raised to its shoulder, as a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered his faculties. Whirling hie team around, be lashed the horses into a run and sab out for the bouse of tbe friend he had just left. When they arrived there, both the man and his wife were almost fainting from fright. The next man to see tbe ghost was Milton Moon. He had tbe reputation for being not only a man of intelligence, but one without fear. His experience was much tbe same as that of the Frenches, and it brought about several investigations by parties of people. In each case iliey Raw and were convinced of the actual presence of tbe ghost without being able to discover any satisfactory explanation. An interesting American ghost ie that which is eaid to dwell in the Forbes manor house atBath-on-the-Hudson, near Albany. One night about thirty years ago the manor bouse was the blazing scene of a social gathering. Just what out of the ordinary happened that night nobody in Bath knows. But something did happen, for everybody in Bath saya so. At any rate, it was a gala night, but tbe next morning all the servants excepting four faithful onea, who had been with the family tor many years, were discharged, and shortly after breakfast all the members of the family left the manor houBe in carriages. No good-byes were eaid. Behind them they left their beautiful home aa it had been the day before. On the mantels and dressere wore the pictures of friends ; in the bureaus and lockers and clieste were their clothes; on the desks their letters and papers. Trinkets lay on the tables forgotten. The doors were locked, the curtainB pulled down, and tbe house closed for all time. A man in black is said to walk that house every night, mumbling and moaning as he passes up and down the broad stairway. Scores of people assert that they have heard him, and a fewsay that they have aeen him. One of the latter describes him as follows : Hie liair waB long and curly and parted on the side, his eyes were bright, his features clearly cut, and his face pain. He was smooth shaven, and wore a high standing collar and a black bow and atock. He was in evening drese and wore no jewellery except a gold fob. For a moment he ceased mumbling, and then began moaning and walked away. He passed the door, walking toward tbe stairway. The ghost hunter tiptoed to tho door and watched him ascend the Btairway till he waa half-way to the top, when he stopped u though be bad encountered anoLher - . person. He raieed his . hands ., appealingly, and fell backward with a shriek that rang throughout tbe house and war answered by tbe echoes. His head struck a marble step, and thinking he bad keen injured the watcher rushed to the ••pot. He saw nothing. The history of thie chost is tightly locked with the family, who now live in the old Forbes mansion. New York. Paul Simeon Forbes purchased the manor house in I860 from the Vin Hensselaers, with SOD BC.es of land. Be paid 93,000 dollars for : t, which was considerably less than the cost of tbe house,tbe land being practically thrown In, The manor house is now the property of a Boston man, Nathaniel Stone. The ancient houses of England have always been favourite haunta of ghosts. Sussex, which, of all the English oonnties, I haa retained its old characteristics the ; most, has a good many ghosts who are still' realities in the eyes of the rustics of that I little visited district, which was once the i j, • , . centre of England's iron industry. There is the headless man of St. Leonard's forest, known as Squire Paulett, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman entering the forest and remains there untU clear of it. Thereiethe drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Bluck dogs, a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over England, baunt all dark I t t n e " *_ DC ' byroads, „ and under many * | hrH sequestered wooden brides a woman mnj be seen spinning, n hile on the old cattle road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove way. goblin may be seen un anv dark, wild nleht incessantly spinning charcoal. Norfolk is another county which teews with ghosts. There is a pale, long-haired woman who runs ehrieking among tho pits on Aylmerton Heath. There is a great black " shuck dog "—the word " shuck " is said to mean the devil—which has a blazing eye in the centre of his forehead, and has a brother at Peel Castle, in the Isle of Man. the spirit of a murdered prisoner. Then yonng Lord Dacre.who waa murdered in 1665 by his guardian, Sir Richard Fulmereton, who arranged that a rockinghorse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still ridee down the avenue of Blickling Park once a year in a hearselike coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by a headless driver, with ber head in her lap, and her father,Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there ia another oowh and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight and, with its load of four headless dripping white robed ladies, passes slowly round the field and sinks again, and tradi tion says that at this spot long ago a bridal party were upset into this pool and never seen again. 