A VALUABLE DISCOVERY. Scientists tell us that in this nineteenth century of ours about the greatest strides made hi the discovery world have been in medicine. We have to record a discovery by an American medical man of a certain vegetable substance that lias the effect in the digestion organs of nature's own animal bile. The discovery is revolutionising all the present methods of treatment for digestive ailments. The old theory of popsiu, bismuth, starving, purging, etc., etc., is to be done away with. This great vegetable substance is compounded with other ingredients to facilitate the working, and to-day can be purchased the world over and in Australia under the name of Bile Beans for Biliousness. Bile Beans possess the peculiar properties of acting on the bowels without purging or otherwise weakening the patient. This is because the substancc that relaxes the bowels has about the same action as the natural bile, Bile Beans are purely vegetable, and a course of them will probably successfully oust "the most clironic case of piles, indigestion, chronic headache, biliousness, rheumatism, constipation, and a host of other ailments that owe their origin to defective bile flow, assimilation and digestion. These beans are placed on the market in a form that anyone can take them without .medical supervision, and as the price is so very low, there are few homes that cannot afford to always have a box on the shelf for emergency. For sale at all chemists. Price, Is. l£d. per box. High Mass was celebrated at the Church of the Immaculate, Conception, Hawthorn, on Easter Sunday, when the sacred building was crowded, many "non- Catholics being present. The Rev. J. O'Malley, S.J.. preached a powerfully eloquent and logical sermon upon the Divinity of Jesus of Nazareth, and specially referring to the circumstances immediately precedent to the resurrection. The music selected for this occasion was Haydn's Mass No. 16. The quartett, Mrs. p. Maloney, Miss Fannie Charleswortli, Mr. N. P. Lenehan and Mr. R. Davis, and the choir did full justice to this sacred composition. The offertory consisted of Giorai's very melodious "Regina Coeli" for solists and choir. Valuable assistance was rendered by Messrs. Arthur and Ernest Levy on the violin and 'cello respectively, Miss Anderson presiding at the organ. The whole was under the direction of Mr. Charles Lew. A bazaar and concert will be given by Miss Corr and her pupils at the Girls' High School (Aachmy'a), Williams-road, Toorak, on Friday/ next, 15th April, at 8 o'clock. The proceeds will be in aid of the Melbourne Orolianage. The first public distribution ot prizes given by Mr. Charles, M.A., Principal of the Malvern Boys' College, attracted a large audience to the Shire Hall, Malvern, when the Hon. Sir H. J. Wrixon, Q.C., M.L.C., took the chair, and in a short, but spirited, addi-ess complimented the Principal and boys on the excellence of the programme, and urged the pupils toavail themselves of their opportunities as they would the first generation of a great and new empire. The Principal's address was unusually interesting, briefly touching on the most important branches and objects of education. Pianoforte solos bv Masters G. Fuller and S. Fripp, running evolutions, Indian clubs and parallel bar exhibitions and dumbbells were admirably carried out by the gymnastic pupils, while their teacher, Pto lessor Bissell, gave a graceful exhibition of clubswinging. Masters S. Fripp, D. Beath and G. Fuller recited with credit to themselves and teacher. Miss Josephine Samuell and Mr. Richardson contributed a vocal solo, " Out On The Deep." After the chairman had distributed the handsome and numerous prizes, S. Fripp and A.. H. Charles, tying for dux, both received silver medals and fine books, the latter unfortunately being too ill to appear. The Principal entertained the boys in the schoolroom. The exhibition by the pupils of the " Ben Eay' Studio (Mrs. li. G. Streeter), Toorak-road, South Yarra, was opened by the Right Worshipful the Mayor on Saturday, 2nd April, in the presence of a large number of ladies and gentlemen. At the same time a portrait o the Queeih was presented to the Mayor as chaii i.ian £ of the committee for the new Fever Hospital, n which if is to be placed. Air. Horace Dale (a ex-pupil) made the presentation 11 a neat speech. The Mayor expressed his surprise at th. number and excellence of the pictures shown, He spoke in very flattering terms of Mrs. Streeler's ability as a teacher and of the progress which his own children had made while under her tuition. He also alluded with pleasure to the fa^t that three of his own children took part in the painting of the "Queen." The names of the young artists are:—Miss II S. Dolphin, V. S. Barry, Eilla M'Eacharn, Jeoffery Hay don, Bertie Fitz Gibbon, Glory Spain, Neil M'Eacharn, Amicia Haydon, Madeline M'Eacharn, Queenie Adamson, Ruby Dale and Doris Tucker. Among the pictures shown by Mrs. C. E. Streeter is "Manfred," which is always much admired; a life-like portrait of Sir Anthony Brownless, which ought to be at the University ; a new picture entitled " Borne on the Blast." This is not yet finished; andwill be exhibited again. It represents a beautiful female figure being borne on the wind, and the subject was suggested to Mrs. Streeter during the late summer, when all longed for the coming jfj the " welcome change." The artist's first idea was to name it "The Welcome Change," but she afterwards thought that name not explanatory enough. The picture is a commission. and is one of three which are to form a large screen ; the first picture is Gft. high, the next will be 5ft. and the third 4ft. Mrs. Streeter and her pupils are very fortunate in selling pictures. One of the young lady pupils obtains from £5 to £15 for portraits in oil, and another from one to three guineas for portraits in chalk. We mention this as the fact that pictures sell says a great deal in their favour. Miss Dolphin shows some good pictures. Among portraits, Mr. Welch (Ball & Welch), Colonel Mein, Mr. Gililand, her father, etc., and three good landscapes; also studies. Miss V. S. Barry has just finished a good copy of " Ben Eay," copied from one done by Mrs. E. G. Streeter (with this exception, there are no copies from coloured pictures shown, the pupils colour from nature). "The High Syskamm," "News From the War," " A Good Moonlight," " Lock Katrine," some beautiful studies. Miss Ruby Dale, a clever child of 12, shows " Xmas Time in England " and several landscapes and studies, and Mr. Horace Dale " Hamilton Reach," Queensland, " Don't Tell Any One," and a portrait; also some studies. Miss Glory Spain has some excellent studies from life and plaster ; one in oil is a novelty and- was much admired. Master Bertie Fitz Gibbon shows a portrait of his father in chalk and several landscapes and studies in oil. Mrs. H. E. Morton, previous to her| departure for W.A., will be "at home" at "The Elms," Riversdale-road, Glenferrie, on Wednesday next, 20th of April, also on Thursday, 21st of April, both afternoon and evening. /The Royal Horticultural Society of Victoria will /old a grand Chrysanthemum, Fruit and Floral 'Fair in the Melbourne Town Hall on the 21st, 22nd and 23rd April. The entries will close on the 18th. During the currency of the fail- concerts will be given in the hall every afternoon and evening. The list of visitors staying at Braemar, Woodend, during Easter week, included :—Mr. Justice and Mrs. Hodges, Misses and Masters Hodges, Mr. and Mrs. Weig&U;, Misses Weigall and maid, Mrs. S. Miller, Miss Miller, Mrs. Bell, Mr. Urthwaite, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Campbell, Miss Walker, Miss . Godfrey, Mr. and Mrs. Korablum, Miss Barton, Miss M. Barton, Mr. and Mrs. Dodd, Miss Finlay, Mr/ Lawther, Miss Lawther, Miss Sehultz, Mr. and Mrs. Dyer, Miss M'Gregor, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Miss Feehan, Mr. J. Aronson, Mr. Gillespie, Mr. Boyd, Mr, Yenken, Mr. Brook, Mr. Deegan, Mr. Jacobs, Mr. Leviusou, Rev. Father Luby, Hon. I. A. Isaacs, Mr. and Mrs. Knox, fainily and maid, Mr. and Mi's. Oldham, Mr. Wingrove. We have received from A. J. Smith the March number of '' Casseli's Magazine," which contains a complete story by J. K. Jerome, entitled "The Ghost of the Marchioness of Appleford." The up-to-date story of Klondike, " Spectre Gold," is continued with increasing and absorbing interest, whilst numerous articles and excellent interests add to the attractiveness of this popular periodical. The Mayoral party from Melbourne, consisting of the Mayor and Mrs. M. D. M'Eacharn, Mrs. w. W. Taverner, Councillor and Mrs. D. V. Hennessy, Mr. W. Clayton {Town Clerk), Mr. Thompson (City Treasurer), and Mr. and Mrs. Hunter, had a very gay time in Bendigo at Easter. They arrived on Friday, and on Saturday were shown over some of his mines by Mr. Geo. Lansell, and afterwards they visited the picture gallery, when Mr. Cohen acted as cicerone. At night the visitors enjoyed an impromptu dance. During the evening enjoyable music was contributed. Mrs. M'Eacharn sang " Mona," and Mrs. D. V. Hennessy played some instrumental music, and later on some songs. The visitors joined heartily in several choruses, and altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. On Sunday evening they dined with Mr. and Mrs. G. Lansell, whose home is quite renowned for its beautiful curios gathered from all parts of the world. On Monday the Easter Fair was the attraction. The procession was very fine, especially the Ciiinese portion. The Mayor of Bendigo entertained the Mayor of Melbourne's party and other guests at luncheon, and after Mrs. M'Eacharn had opened the Klondike Fair with a pleasant little speech, they drove to Mr. Knight's vineyard, where some realty superb grapes were partaken of, and the wines were duly sampled at the same time. At night a grand dinuer was given to the Mayor of Melbourne by His Worship of Bendigo, and at its conclusion the guests were driven to the Fair to see the fireworks. On Tuesday morning tliey all went to see the memorial stone of the Nurses' Home laid by Mr. Sternberg, and then visited the beautiful Law Courts, where an imaginary divorce case was got up, Mr. Hennessy pleading for the plaintiff and the Mayor of Melbourne for defendant. It was an amusing conclusion to a very pleasant time, for after lunch the Mayoral party went to the station, and several of them left by train in the State carriage. Some of the visitors remained in Bendigo to further enjoy the delightful weather, of which Bendigoniaus are justly proud. Theatricals are still the favourite amusement of society, and are likely to engage a certain amount of attention even in London houses. Several wellknown people of both sexes find their chief diversion in organising such amusements, and, as they always afford admirable prospects in advancing the" financial resources of charity, there are always justifiable excuses for them. Invaluable to Cyclists—The decision in a case at the Brentford Court recently will interest those who are in the habit of hiring machines on which a deposit is required. The plaintiff in question sued a proprietor for the return of his money in consideration of the fact that the machine came to grief—the driving chain became jammed—after riding a short distance. The plaintiff had previously signed a contract which declared the machine was in good order; The defendant held, of course, that the plaintiff accepted the cycle as sound, and was, therefore, responsible for any breaking or accident; but the judge held that a contract of this sort could not stand unless the hirer had taken the whole thing to pieces and examined every_ part. He assumed that there must have been such a defect, and found for the plaintiff, with costs. From an American exchange we get the following "tip," which ought to be useful in identifying a stolen machine. Write name and address on a card and push it down the centre tube of the bicycle, taking the seat-pillar out and subsequently replacing it. Should the bicycle be stolen and repainted, and marks or numbers obliterated, the real owner would yet have a clue. But "first catch your bicycle," as Mrs. Glass would say. You <Jould hardly recognise your altered wheel in the street, and the rider, if a bigger man, would certainly object to having the machine dissected while he waited. Mons Paul Bibkon on Wednesday, 20th April, celebrates the opening of his advanced class with a plain and fancy dress Cinderella at the Melbourne Salon, 163 Collins-street. The Whitehall Review writes as follows of " The Lady of Lyons," at the Adelphi:—Strange, passing strange. The play our fathers reverenced seemed somehow to be the echo from another world, a world of grand passion and inflated language; an artificial society full of the pedantry of the literary bagman who turns his scholarly platitudes unctuously on his tongue ; who rolls his literary R's and eyes and puffs out his imperious chest and bombastically delivers himself of glowing sentences which would be fine were they not, like the famous wares of Autun, somewhat gaudy. I yield to no one in my admiration for Lord Lytton as the head of a certain school of writing but in ' The Lady of Lyons * at the Adelphi, revived on Wednpsday afternoon, there is a wilderness of -words and an oasis of plot. * The Lady of Lyons' has ever been, and ever will be, the ideal play of the romancists, the delight of the seminary, and the Ultima Thtile of the sentimentalists. *• Fine figure as Claud Melnotte is, his very atmosphere is theatrical and stagey. The haughty Pauline somehow reminds us irresistibly of the London Journal of thirty years ago. It may be we have become more worldly and are out of touch with the virtue of the gardener's romance,' or ,it maybe that the world has become more robust4 in its preferences, and that the fine, frenzies of Bulwer Lytton only appeal to the- votaries of Lydia Languish. No. The fires of the Past glare too luridly in our modern eyes, accustomed as we are to the milder, if brighter, radiance of the incandescent light, to be rekindled successfully. It is saying a great deal, therefore, when it is possible to state that the exponents of this stilted period played these parts in a manner which was of the age stagey. In characters such as Claude Melnotte and Pauline everything is lost if everything is not retained—even to the theatrical declamation of a stilted period. It was in this that the Pauline of Mrs. Brown-Potter was so good; it was this which made the Claude Melnotte of Mr. Kyrle Bellewsuch a fine piece of work. The more I see of these accomplished artists the more am I convinced that both possess qualities of an exceptionally high order. Never, perhaps, has the proud and haughty heroine, who, when she has found her heart, becomes loyal and true as steel during her husband's enforced absence, been in abler hands. Each gradation of feeling was admirably indicated, every shade of emotion indicated oh the expressive face. Mrs. Brown-Potter acted with consummate knowledge of her subject, and the result was unanimous approval. Mr. Bellew, as Claude Melnotte, was once more himself in the personification of a gallant, earnest and spirited lover, hie vigorous acting in the fifth act earning hini unstinted applause. The Colonel Dumas of Mr. Luigi Lablacbe was a fine performance also, and the stern character of the rough soldier was admirably rendered. The Beauseant of Mr. H. A. Saintsbury was eminently satisfactory, and the Glavis of Mr. W. T. Lowell must not be passed over. The other characters were well, if not distinctively, taken, and the whole play worked smoothly. The ' Lady of Lyons' is of course always sure of a respectful hearing from the average playgoer, but, in truth, we have nothing in common witli it now." 