REIDITES IH CONCLAVE. Written fob * Tsim* ' [By Geo. H. Gbeen.} And He of tbe Glass Eye called unto him his Elders, aad eaid unto them these words : — ' Kejoice ye, oh my brethren, for by tbe kind providence of the Leard are we again enabled te gather around the Treasury Chest, to incubate various shufflings and blaflinga ia tbe endeavour to erade the dread day of reckoning, whioh looms in i tbe sear future— the day of retribution i for our Bins, political and otherwise.' r And Cocky of the Camera, rising upon | hie dainty daisy roots, laughed to scorn ? the gloomy reliections of Him of the Glass \ . Eye, saying : ' Know ye not, brethren, that the wise men of the Ion? ago eaid. that with fatherly care doth Satan ever ' ij ieep a watchful eye upon the welfare of J his own children V Yea, brethren, is this £ true, a9 proved by njy own experience. Therefore I counsel ye to have no fears, but live in hope, though ye die in despair.' And Carney Vurkes, of the Ghost Office, IS arose with swelling importance, and, ad . dressing Him of tiie Giass Eye, eaid : — 'Oh, Rumply the Great, knowest thou that strange rumors are on the wing amongst tho tribes of the people, concern ing the illness of our esteemed and much E. priveleged brother, tha Sprooker Blab E. bott, and although I do not doubt tlie Authenticity oE the CBrtiiioates, staling that he Buffers from pains beneath tbe t pinny, yet would X suggest that 'twere ^ better had he obtained a similar document R- from Pottie, Y.S., aB one versed in the p. treatment of asinine inlirmities. And the I* tribes demand that he should bs supplied ft' with either pink beans or bile pills, tbe :: 'wherewithal for the purchase of the same i-i 'to bs contributed by tho tribes, thus saving I |. .farther expense to the country,' j jr And, in virtuous indignation, Tater Young demanded to know whether the |f, *tcrew paid to Sprooker Blabbott for the 1' i performance of his dutios. was continued . . -during his holiday on bick leave. And the Glass liyed One in reply said, i' ! ' search have I mado in the records or the S,' [Temple for documents that would show a : rrefund of the Ministerial screw paid to [liim of Tater fame, during his perogrina f.' ttions amongst the' farmers at the Battle 'of Hastings ; yet hatli ni saarch been in f 'vain. And 1 woi;U( t-i: him to read, , 'mark, learn, and inwardly, digest these I -following beautiful lines : — Air — ' Yankee Doodle.' i'or Speaker lilabbott held a post, f 1 Yea, was ha well appointed, ' ' '.-4s Speaker of tho Ass-embly if. His Bcrew was double- jointed. :V That is, although he, worked or not, ? Or suffered much from trecUUs, f. We always found him on the spot i ? To gather in ths shekels, p And Tater Yaunj, with bawling long, Declaims agaiust this action ; Brew his own screw as it fell due, For helping Nan Nan's faction. And, as tbe band piayed 'Annieliooney,' L Elder Lee, of the II alls #f Injustice, rose | and asked the Unctuous Brunker if the c actions of the'1 animated antediluvian fossils, styling themselves as tho Marine Board, met with his approval in matters relating to the efficient inspection of the rotten chips, whicii were brought under their notice. '-? And the Patriarch answered thus : — ' Long have I known these men to be ef , exceeding piety, and unceasing in their . determination to secure every comfort for I , themselves whilst braving the dangers of the deep in their annual lighthouse inspec ts-' tion. I'or as the Bea is strewn with the | bodies of dead Bailors, who venturously | trusted their lives on vessels of the f Atacama type, so prevalent in ourmercan | tile marine, so was it strewn by the 'bodieB of the 'dead marines' floating in ' tithe wake of the Thetis. And I would cuneel sailors in their own interests to rwatch the forecast of weather, issued by I the Stargazer, Eussell ; for firmly am I I convinced that 'twere safe to venture on the bosom of the mighty deep at any time when storms are foretold by our infallible Stargazer ; it being my own experience that when his forecasts indi cate fine weather it is safest to arm with gamp and mack.' ^ I J With an eye to tbe finale of bis own rmisdoings, Cocky of the Camera drew the f ? attention of bis fellow elders to the splen ;ii did opportunities of escape from pnnish ;V. ment for their crimes offered by tho Bill jP.: introduced by the erstwhile scribe Haynes L- . for the abolition of capital punishment, W. and be biamed not the scribe Haynea for wishing to prolong bis own life by the introduction of such a measure, and it be* »-' hoved . them, as a God-fearing crew, to gjj- give it their heartfelt support, I'.; The Conncillor for Japan arose and said El;:. nnta Him of the Glass Eye : ' Art thou : aware, 0 friend, that rnmonr crediteth p Tbee witb being deep in study in tbe lan | gnage of that fair country whioh Daniel pi of the O'Eonors called Larbelly Fransbsy, and I would ask Thee what object Thon hast in view ? Was it that in case of the ih failure ef tbe passing ef tbe bill for abo y:; lition of capital punishment that Then f . wonldst fly to that land and so escape the | ? noose of the Law ?' And He of the Glass Eye scorned the fe. imputation and said : — . 'Learn yo, John the Jap, that though ftiion mayst deserve hemp, I am afraid thy .master (T. H. E. Devil, Esq.) will proteot mj'. -thee^ and I freely ' acknowledge my W;..' -#uxiety to aoqnire the Jangaage ef this & 'Frank, for I hare in my household a K, granger onto our language, mighty of i:' r^ong, though small of stature, one who £:' : jnaketh night hideous with its eater 5: . ? -wanlings ; and as a counter to ita barbaric ^oatcallinga, X find the language of tha Frank effective, when, in bare-footed, Si' . pyjama-robed peregrinations, I pace my §| - ' attio floor with this mite of faamanity fe / xeating npon -ny epigastrium.' New, the nnctuous and patriarchal U ' Brunker, who had been chewing the ond g . ef reflection, spake to tbe Glass-Eyed One g: . these words : ' Long bave I pondered as CM to thy reasons for advocating a commis j|f ! Vion ef Pharoah to inquire into the charges p; . vof corruption levelled against one of «ur f brethren, te wit, Tater Yenng.' Bf And the Glass- Eyed Une answered thus : 'Know ye, oh, my brethren, that pfi ^ tbe canning of tbe serpent nnderliethethis gr move, forwellam Iawarethatnone, having my tbe welfare of tbe country at heart, wonld 0toop to testify before a commission so ap l:i'- pointed. Therefore was it safe to advocate ' fta appointment And 1 tell tbee, brethren |-} ^hat there is bot one thing which .giveth jne sorrow, to wit, my inability to appoint §|. Auxiliary Sprooker McCourt to adjudicate p on this case, and I most respectfully dedi ,f f eat® to the said 6prooker, in jnst corn 's ~ memoTation of the many little pririiegea S . be hath granted us, the following lines : — :;r ' The Beiditei have a little lamby p Whose cognomen's He Court; Sr Be couldn't bear to hear a 'danm/ From one who hadn't onght I;.. - . Yet lie could hear nlplwroae words ' With calm unruffled mien ; fi Oane tbey but front tbe Heidite hordes W; vomiting their spleen. % _ Jjo red i« He hy the BeadUe das, ly , Who loudly tine his praises ; Asd wish the eeniur Kprooter man, I' ? yoald do a hunk to clozes. i. ? Now Barney Varkes of the Ghost-Offloe rose and loudly protested against the pro crastination of Him of the Glass Eye in withholding from the el* ders the name . of hitn who was chosen to fulfil the office now vacant in Albion, and plaintively^ asked that the name ef tbe luoky appointee be forthwith surrendered to the CounoiL And lie of the Glass Kye, with wanton abandon and airy grace, ereonted a high kick and whilst winking ths other eye, sang this tonohing little ditty : Wouldn't you like to know i Wouldn't yon like to know ? I could tell yon straight away, But Rumpty Tumpty ain't a Jay. There's trouble enough abrewlng, that yon all allow, So I ain't agoin' to tell yon, what I know now. And Tater Young, rising in righteous in dignation, loudly pretested against such levity on tbe part of a member of this Gaad-fearing Ministry, and bitterly re sented the equivocation on the part of Him of the Glass Eye, in dealing with so straight a question. And the UlasB Eyed One, in a ribald spirit, sang wantonly : — Ob, that billet, that well greased billet That most of my colleagues'd like to claim. ' I've promised to Cocky, bnt bim perhaps I'll jockey. Step m myself and block his little game. And the unctuous Brunker, rising with elephantine agility, asked in an anxious voice : ? Tell me, I pray thee, why hast thou overlooked services so important as mine rendered unto the cause ; why should I be passed over and my claim to the oQice in Albion ignored ?' And he of the Glass eye answered thus : ' Know tbee my bucolic friend this office requires keenness of intellect, and business capabilities far exceeding any possessed by thee, for thy wit ia as the heavy footed Megatherium, therefore is tbere no hope for such as thee of obtaining tbis appoint ment. Moreover, I find it politio to dangle this billet before the eyes of my brother elders, that they may keep together and thus assist me to repel tbe attacks of the Tobyites, who witb unceasing watchfulness are ever ready to usurp our just claim to the Treasury chest. And as (Jocky o£ the Camera appears to me a tritle shifty, rue* tbougnt twas wise to steady him with the promise of the General Agency. At these words Holy Joe the Miner aroBeand said : ' Wherefore wouldst thou send from our midst one so loved by the Loard, and one who ranueth sc high in the esteem of the whited sepulchres of St George, anil who 1 ask thus is there to fill the void in our ranks created by his abience in Albion?' And a voice was heard from heaven saying : 'Why not try the satyr, 'Nan nan Smith,' for hath he not all the virtues necessary to till the requirements of the snulile-busting society of the churches. 1 And the usctuous Brunker, with uplifted hands said, ' Hearken not Oh my brethren unto these words, for by his goatish pro clivities hath be often endangered the cause of the Reidites. Yea, hath he lost his own seat through aping tbe Angora. And 1 think it better should it be neoensary to send unto Albion Cecky of tbe Camera, to send forth among the St Georgeites 'Just- ice Ghould,' for it would convey to the masses our appreciation e£ his con duct when in power, in dealing with the now notorious Suffield case.' Now, Cocky of the Camera spake resent fully these words : — I ' Why tbis nuBeemly baste on the part of my Brother Elders to nominate a sue- 1 cessor to my position as Councillor of St. George. Would it not be more decorus to v, ait until 1 shake the dust of Australia from my feet ? For I tell ye I am far from being decided in this matter ; for, as a muchly married man, I am ioth to leave my home ; also, is it rumored that the iand of Albion is in tumult, pend ing the threatened invasion of the hostile Frank upon her shores. This, together with tbe criticism likely to emanate from the scribe Reynolds, causes me to think it were eafer to maintain my bold upen my present position, and I wonld ask liberty to unburden my feelings in song.' And in the boly calm succeeding tbe debate, be poured forth into the ears ot tbe Elders tbis plaintive ditty: — Yea, I'm a man of great renown Of muchly married fame. To eVry shifty move I'm down, E'en to the camera game. ' Iho' there are men who conrt the light When publishing their lives, Yet others are, who seek the nighty When casting ofE their wives. For camera trials are quite the thing For Ministers ef State, To cast the old, take on the new, Aa I have done of late. And dng we praise to Windeyer's name, Who down hath gone to dwell In concord with hia victims In the Torid Zone ol— well. The elder fer dissemination of ignorance asked of John tbe Jap if ha had heard of the many importations into tbe town of cbilders — Queensland, of maidens from tho land of the Mikado, pleasing to ths eye and fair to look uppn, and suggested unto bim tbat in bis annual piscatorial ex cursions he should visit the waters ef that city, for he bad it en good authority, tbat in the waters in question the fish bit greedily at bait, however stale. Now, John the Jap, quiok to grasp a situation, especially such as that presented by the Councillor for Ignorance, with a beaming eye, thanked him for his infor mation, and promised readily to follow his suggestions, and shonld he find matters as represented, faithfully would he netifv Cocky of the Camera, and others of that ilk, of the success ef bis investigations in tbat quarter. And tbe EI(Ier for Dissemin^tion of Igno rance eaid:—' As there has occurred a rupture amongst the men ef Elections and Qualifications Committee — wonld it not be mora politic for us when dealing with tbe matter of petitions against the elected of the Tobyites, to appoint one who bas always shown so muoh impartiality in dealing witb matter* affecting tbe welfare of his oonntrymen, and ene so noted for bis respeotfnl manner -in examining wit nesses pro and con, to wit Draoo Docker, to adjudicate in matters relating thereto.' Assuming a God-like manner the Unctnous Brunker addressed the Counoil thus: 'Long hath it grieved me to note the desecration of tbe Lord's day by these who would pander to, and strive to meet the legitimate wants of the masses, for bath not the vendor of the deadly peannt dared te offer bis wares on tbe day of rest, Tea tbis hatb he done in defiance of man dates isined by me to the contrary ; and I would .suggest that ths hamane and modem system of placing the delinquents in stocks ia the common market plaoe ot the city be adopted, that tbey may be £eli op to public scorn,' And Holy Joe, the miner, adopting the jama line of apeeoh, said to tbe (Jnctoous one, 'why -net include in thy list of offenders tbe Commissioners for Bams and Trailways— for din most horrible and infernal is occasioned by tbe running of the vehicles nnder their supervision, bo tbat those who wish for rest on tha Leard's day find naught but turmoil and tmce&situ; worry, and I would suggest that the eama pmri«hm«Bt saeUd «a t te the vendort ef the deadly peanut bs extended to the Gaffers of the Uprns and Trailways.' And He ef the GIbbs Eye in wrath declaimed against the suggestion of Holy JoBeph re our Rams and Trail way officials, for while ths peanut men are but mere atoms of ssoiety, and in oonaequenoe a fair mark for our disfavor, yet are tbe Gaffers of the Rama and Trailway men of subttance, against whom it is not politio to strike. And rising en his binder hoofs, John the Jap said : 'As a fitting end to our labors 1 ask my fellow-counoillors to accompany me to tbat hall ef popular soience, the Alh&mbra;, where nature's charma may be viewed from various points of vantage, and the mind gladdened witb tbe sight of rounded limb* encased in silken tights.' And the Unctuous Brunker, fidgetting uneasily upon hia marble arch, said : ' Brethren, I ask you to dispense with the usual concluding prayer, for 1 can feel the spirit of good luck within mo, and fain would I hasten me to the halls of the Celestial in Goulburn-street, and mark me a pakapu ticket, trusting io catcbee ten marks.' And the brethren dispersed, probably a j fellow-feeling making them wondrous kind. i 