SYDNEY BRA-PIECES. By LYXETTE. "Look quickly! Note the man pulling 'stroke' in the 'eight* coming this way." The "eight" hissed by almost within oar's length of our tiny boat, and I had time to notice a face of average good looks, and an arm and hand jointed by a wrist whose action suggested that of a powerful steel spring. "He's the man who caught a fourteen foot shark with his naked hands." After a significant pause, I asked, "Did you see him do it?" "Yes. So did twenty other fellows. But the thing sounds more wonderful than it was. Some men we're fishing off that point yonder, when one got a young shark on hit hook. Whilst he was playing it on the sur face of the water, the big fourteen-footer sailed in, turned on his back, and cut the little shark in two. As he was sink ing with the plunder, his tail got entangled in a line, and while the fishera yelled their excitement, the "stroke" got a harpoon, and put off from the bo&tshed; in a small boat He drove the harpoon fair under the shark's gills, and it flung its lower bulk clean out of the water-for an instant it literally stood on its head, and in that instant the 'stroke' grasped its tail with both fists, and beat it over into his boat. You know the shade's tail is to him what the screw is to a steamer -without its action he is helpless. Pre sently slip-knotted ropes were dropped over the captured end, and the shark was towed to land and killed. But the stroke vai bruised from hands to shoulders." The sleeping face of Sirius Cove is never waked by anything rougher than a boat rowed to or from the artjst*'J>^ other campi that nestle on little SiriuaI*oint. No stea mer breaks its calm, so th^>' seagulls flock there when bad weather is approaching, by the thousand. On Coronation Day 1 *vaS gazing at a patch of birdjf clustered on a rock close below pie, when .the flagship in Farm Core started-firiiig in honour of the day. Thpre must have been from four to five hundred gulls shouldering each other in a small space* and at the boom of the first gun a convulsive spasm ran through them. Their upward flight was a mad panic. It made an instant's great Kind in my face* As the birds rose they took the form of a well-defined crescent. When the Royalist replied to the flogsbip'js gun, a singular thing occurred. The horns of the bird crescent wheeled towards each other,an4 clashed at least a dozen birdsfaUlng to ' the .water stunned or disabled. My dog Sfiram out and fetched me the nearest Injured gull. It* wings jvere badly burt, but.I thinjc most of the'jotheirs recovered from thg shock, and rejoined their'.feUqW - . Colonies of rats live amongst the rocks hll along the water's edge, and the most excit ing thing I've seen in Sydney sea-pieces was a fight between a rat and an octopus. The encounter took place in shallow water, oear this verge of Mosman's Point. I had been watching the tfct-£t wasa fijae, pble-bo&ed; one- Co* some minatef* M it dwfced bita« and thither amongst the half-submerged stones, before I noticed the octopus, which ivas stranded in the Bhallow water. Pre sently the unconscious rat got within strik ing distance. A liver-hued, living ribbon glint out, and wrapped it around the chest, pinioning one nervous little fore leg. The rat gave a scream, and the fight began. It lasted at the outside some six minutes. y It ought of course to have been an easy victory for the octopus, whose feelers were five feet Jong, but somehow the tentacles failed to get purchase on the rat's fur. Again and again, the rat slipped free as a live eel does from the hand, and again and again it was re-caught. After the first squeak the rat made no sound, but fought well and buried bis sharp teeth many times in the feelers. The beady eyes were bulging outside bis bead, and if he had been conquered it would have been through exhaustion, for the suckers infeide the tentacles always failed to grip. Finally, the rat got free, and rolled away, paddling in a fainting state to cover. I heaved, a Btone on to the octopus, and got a man from a boatshed to fetch it Cut, and measure its feelers. Wind and a law-lying fog on Sirius Cove tvcre responsible, an early morning ago, for One of the most weird effects I shall see this side of Judgment Day. In fact, it was like a vast impressionist picture, illus trating the words, "I will call My people out of the depths of the sea." Over the fog and de'ad calm a faint gusty breeze swept from the south, breaking and lifting the vapour, and swirling it into realistic images of legions of dead folk, clad in grave clothes, and rising from their tombs. The meaning of "wraiths" and "sheeted ghosts" was made clear to me by that fog-picture. From the innermost end of the Cove out towards the harbour the host rose slowly, majestically, grown people and little chil dren, and all seemed ta be impeded by tr'ail ing draperies that swathed their lower limbs. The phantom tableau lasted only a few moments. To make it more realistic it had been heralded by a long, clear bugle call from a war-ship. A man, a cat, and a fox-terrier are the sole occupants of a cramped little house boat permanently moored near the jetty at our point. The man is a shoemaker, and one may see him seated in his rocking craft cobbling at a shoe, whilst the cat and terrier sit and watch the grilling of chops on a kerosene- store. Once a week the cobbler climbs the boulders of the point and down the stone stairs of the red- tiled villas, with a sack on his back, collecting bools and shoes to mend. Sydney has some pacts and an extra ordinary number of verse-makers, but what surprises me lis that Sydney'a dominant note, the harbour, has apparently not in fluenced their writings at all. You would think it ought to have as strong a plate in their songs as the lark has amongst E2ng liBh poets. From the greatest to the least English poets specially address the lark. An afternoon aga 1 was boiling the billy for a group of poets, because I had never written a verse in my life, and could do no better than make cottage rhyme with pottage, I was left to boil that billy. One has an extra-Australian reputation, the others a certain local fame. For hours they refad or quoted from their own writ ings for the benefit of the stranger within their harbour, but never a line had reference to the unparalleled beauty of sea and coast line, and the colouring that lay before us. All the singers had drawn their inspiration from the inland. 