St. John's Charob. DEDICATION OF THE MEMORIAL WIN- DOW TO THE MEMORY OF THE LATE DK. HUTCHINGS. THE above window, which has been sent from England by Canon .Hutcliings, of Salisbury Cathedral, as a memorial of his son, the late Dr. Hutchings, was unveiled and solemnly dedicated at the morning service on Sunday last. The window is placed in the southern transept, and is the work of the same eminent artists that produced the window in the northern transept, and which is esteemed to be one of the finest specimens of stained glass in the colony. It is not necessary for us to describe the window, the Veiy Herd, the Dean having in the course of an address which we subjoin, lucidly done so. The service of dedication commenced with the hymn, " All people that on earth do dwell," after which Mr. Gordon, as one of the trustees of the Church, read the Bishop's Faculty, empowering the erection, and then addressed .tlie Dean :—" I have been deputed by the Rev. Canon Hutchings to request the acceptance by the minister trustees and churchwardens, of this Memorial Church of St. John, of the window which has now been unveiled, to the gloiv of God and in pious memory of the late Arthur Carey Hutchings, and I further request that the same may be solemnly dedicated as a gift to Almighty God, and the glory of His Holy Name." To this the Dean replied, " In the name of the Trustees and Churchwardens of this Memorial Church of St. John, I thankfully accept this gift to the glory of God and in pious memory of the iate Arthur Carey Hutchings. Let us pray, dearly beloved brethren, that Almighty God, from whom alone proceeds the grace of blessing and dedication, may vouchsafe to acc«pt this gift for the sake of our Lord Jesus Christ."— " O Lord God, who dost in all ages inspire Thy servants, the craftsmen, as Thou dids t inspire Bezaleel of old time, filling them with the Spirit ef God in all wisdom and understanding, ana in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship, to know how to perform all manner of work for the service of Thy Sanctuary; Accept-, we beseech Thee, this memorial window, which we offei to Thee for Thy glory and the beautifying of this holy House, through Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen." Following this prayer, the Dean pronounced the sentence of Dedication; In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. I bless, hallow, and dedicate this window to the glory of Almighty God. The service then proceeded with spesial lessons, prayers, and hymns used on such occas sions, and at its conclusion the Dean proceeded to address the large'congregation:— " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Aineu. 1 desire, in connection with the dedication of a father's tribute of affec tion to the memory of a, beloved son, to dwell for a short time on the objective teaching which is presented to as in the two memorial windows which adorn and beautify the transepts of this building, and which will ever perpetuate the names of two brothers who 'were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and who iu death are not divided,' (2 Sam. I., 23). In doing so, it is not my intention, far be it from me, to speak fulsome words, but to ask you to remember that the dedication of anything in this Sanctuary is to the Glory of God and the honor of His Holy Name, and in connection with the memory of those who are no longer bodily present with us, we do but seek to embody in our memorials the words of St. Paul—'They glorified God in me." (Gal 1., 24). Let me, then, ask you to learn the lessons that are presented to us in the subjects that are so beautifully treated in these memorial windows, and may our frequent meditation thereon help our devotions, and enable us to 'worship the Lord in the beaut\ of holiness." Ps. 29., 2). " I will begin with the north transept window, erected bv Canon Hutchings in memory of Henry Burdon Hutchings, who. as the inscription on the window reads, died whilst on a visit to this town. He came lierp from the Madras Presidency as an invalid, hoping with rest, and the skilful aid ef his brother, and the change of climate, to recover his health and build up a constitution that was brought to the verge of the grave by the great strain and arduous labors of ministering to the famishing millions of India during the terrible famine of 1880, when at least a million of the Ryots died of starvation. But it was not to be. He who holds the keys of Hades and Death, who openeth and no man shutteth, willed it otherwise willed that he who had so labored and ministered to His brethren, should enter into rest, hence on lltb of July. 1880, at the early age of 26, the mortal remains of Henry Burden Hutchings were deposited in our local God's acre* thus resting from his labours and liis works following hini. Many of you remember the subsequent event of his mother travelling from the old land to nurse a dying son, and how that on her arrival her loving ministrations were not needed, the sickness was over, and son had passed into that land, "theinhabitan; of which shall not say, 'lam sick,' for the people that dwell therein are forgiven their iniquity," (Is. 33., 24.) That mother's cheerfull submission to the Divine will, under her keen dissapointmentand sore trial, her patience, together with her sympathy and deep intrest in the poor, the>iuk, and suffering of this town, are known full well to those who had the privilege of her acquaintance, and now she, with her two sons, are in the better land. But turning to the south transept window. I will ask you to notice its appropriateness as a memorial to such a son. First, we have as the central figure our blessed Lord, not as the Man of Sorrows, but as the Eternal King in Majesty, wearing the Crown of Crowns, and arrayed in the vesture described by St. John, the Divine, in the 1st chapter of the Apocalpse, then we have the words, " Come ye blessed of my Father," com. bined with three realistic scenes' at the bottom, of the window, all reminding us of iliat won drouB description of that day when the son of Man will come in His Glory, which we have in the 25th chapter of St. Matthew, when the King will say to those on his right hand, " I was hungry and ve fed Me. I was thirsty and ye f ive Me drink. I was naked, and ye clothed Me. or inasmuch as ye did it unto one of the least of these My brethren, ye did it unto Me. " As you gaze upon that window, take in its teaching and by it let him whose memory it perpetuates*, ever speaks to us, " Go thou and do likewise. ' There was, I believe, a family reason for the selection of the two side figures, the one being Mary, the mother of onr Lord, and the other St. Andrew, these two saints being selected on the ground that to thein were dedicated the churches of the two parishes of which Canon Autchiugs was the vicar, and in the village of which the two brother, Henry and Arthur, spent the early years of their lives, But I turn now to the window that we have specially dedicated this morning as a memorial of our late friend and benefactor, Arthur Carey Hutchings. Of its chastened beauty and value as a work of art, I shall not speak, for these are too apparent even to an uninitiated eye. But on the outlines of its appropriateness and the subject mat'er of its teaching, I will, for a few moments, dwell. First let me direct your attention to the significant Hebrew word " Yahereh," the coiTect meaning of which is "And he was honored or elevated." This must be taken in conjunction with the inscription below. "Honour a Physician with the honour due unto him." You will at once catch the idea that is here embodied—honoured by the summons, " Come up higher." In the course of the service I read the chapter Ecclesiasticus xxxvnr., from which these words ore taken, and I cannot for bear adding that the lesaou, as with, the rest of the Apocrypha, is worthy of our remembrance. We are great losers by not remembering the teaching of the Church thatthese writings, the Apocrypha, shonld be read for example of life and instructions of manners. The central figure is that of our Lord ss the great and good Physician, and how true of Him are the words underneath "He healed tHeui' all"— At even, ere the sun was set, The sick, O Lord, around Thee lay, Oh, in what divers pain they met! Oh, with what joy they went away. Thy touch has still its ancient power, No word from Thee can fruitless fall; Hear in this solemn evening hour, And in Thy mercy heal us all. Then we have at the bottom of the window the Good Samaritan,^o truly representative of Hiin who has compassion on the man robbed and wounded by sin and Satan, who helps when priest and Levite turn aside, and who befrierds the helpless, the poor and the needy. On the right hand we see St. Luke, "the Physician," the friend and follow labourer, as well as the medical attendant of St. Paul, whilst beneath we have St. Luke ministering to St. Paul in one of those frequent attacks of. sickness to which thfe apostle was Subject. The eleep attachment of St. Paul to St. Luke appears in the title he gave him, " the beloved physician," whilst the fidelity of St. Luke is brought before us in the touching words written by St. Paul in a Roman prison to Timothy, "Only St. Luke is with me." St. Luke shared the journeys of St. Paul, he shared his dangers and his shipwreck, he cheered his long imprisonments, both at Rome and Cffisarea, and more than all, he became the biographer of the Great Apostle, and to his allegiance his ability, and actual presenation of facts we .owe 'nearly all that we know of one who labored more abundantly than all the Apostles, and to whom more than to any of them the cause of our blessed Lord and His Church is indebted for it stability and dissemination. And I may further say that the fraternal companionship of a character so gentle and manly, so sympathetic and solf-denying as that of St. Luke was one of the richest blessings of St. Paul's sorely:troubled life. Turning now to the left of the window, we have the opostle, St. Barnabas, whose, name signifies the son of consolation. He was a Levite of the Uland of Cyprus, and according to some authorities one of St. Paul's early companions, the two receiving their education under the .listinguished teacher Gamaliel. It is also supposed that he was one of the seventy disciples sent forth by our Lord at the commencement of His Ministry, and we are told in the Acts of the Apostles that he was conspicuous amongst those who in the infant cburch sold their possessions and laid the price at the feet oi the Apostles for the benefit of the Christian community. Ho was also the companion of St. Paul in his first missionary journey, and we have hiB character summed up in these words : " He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith," (Acts XI, 2-41.), You will perceive that he is represented as carrying in his right hand St. Matthew's Gospel, the legend connected with his name being that he was in the habit of placing that sacred roll on those who were subject of bis miraculous healing. Underneath is a scene connected with the missionary journey he undertook with St. Paul, the healing of the cripple at Lystra, when the excited crowd cried out in their" rude native dialect, " The gods have come down to us in the likeness of men. The tall and venerable one (St. Barnabas) is Zeus ; the younger and the shorter one (St. Paul) who speaks so powerfully is Hermes." But this feeling did not last long : the Lycaonians were a faithless aud fickle race, liable to sudden gusts of feeling and impulse ; so on the morrow we find them stoning the Apostles, whom they had regarded as eods, and ceasing not until, iu the case of St. Paul, they thought that life was extinct. The combination of our Lord, the Great Healer, of St. Luke, the beloved physician, and of St. Barnabas, the son of consolation, constitute a most happy memorial of one who was wrapped up in his profession, who trusted in the treatment of bis patients to the guidance of a higher power, and who in the sick chambers of rich and poor alike had always a cheery word, a gentle face, and a sympathetic touch, combined with a soul above the thought of his fee, and as such I feel assured that I am but echoing your feelings and sentiments when I say that no more suitable momenta or tribute of affection could have been erected by a father to the memory of such a son than that which we have solemnly dedicated this morning, and I go further and say that no more suitable spot for its erection could be found than in the sanctuary lie so dearly loved, who walls he helped to rear, whose services he delighted in, and as near as can be to the seat he occupied, and which was never empty except whon ho was kept away by sickness or his professional duties. This Church is rich in the legacy of his memory, in the outward memorials that express his worth, nbd by which he will speak when we are dead and gone. Be it ours, then, as we cherish most sacrerlly the memories of those who have crossed the bar, and reached the haven of rest, ever to associate the name of Arthur Carey Hutchings with that of the great host now in Paradise, when in our highest service, the Holy Eucharise, we say, " We bless Thy Holy Name! for all Thy servants departed this life in thy faith and fear, beseeching Thee to give us grace so to follow their good examples that, with them, we may be partakers of Thy Heavenly Kingdom. Amen." 