THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW Curious stones are told aboutthepo\yers possessed by certain natives of J-ndia, who live up among the Himalaya Mountains. These old men, it is '-said, have devoted scoies of years to the study of "natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German .Professor risited the ''adepts,"/ TPTis "these queer Hindus arc—called, for the — purjiose-oi- Jhuiiog. ouLthe-Sceief _.oj'_. their reiparkable pei fornianees. * I'lrey treated liiin rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day thej'rofeswir wavited to examine some ancient jSuirskrit_manu scripts. An adept went, with him to a cavewborein the Looks were kept. The p ace was dark as the bottom of a well. "1 c " " can't see to r<Md~here," said the visi tor. "Then wc will have some light,"' was the reply, mid immediately (the Professor says) , a soil., pearly light brightened the cave. Hp__tauM_ijpt tell whenci it eaine, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—if cast not the slightest shadow. J.'his__is_a_story bard. tq_ believe,, jot its truth is affirmed by a. man of vast learn ing and high character, and you whoaww -read it ha ve r.o -reason-fof— doubt, except that ail the lights you have seen have east shadows, -belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the. tale of the Cork- lav.e ghost. A rr/an who has been ill for years, and failed to 'int! a cure, is f« optical when friends tell him of a medicine which' they bglieve will make him well. What else but, doub! c-uhi Jesuit from his experi ence? Take an example: "In the spring of 188S,"- writes our cor respondent, "1. i'ell into a low, weak, and languid state; 1 felt low-spirited and out of-sorts. At first iny stomach was de ranged,—my-a^petitb—poor,—and—aStcr—&Lt-.; iiad pain ing 1 had pain and weight at. the client. I was much troubled with wind, ami frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered with ner vousness and great depression of spirits. T key*, no ■■■it'i ii-.v work, but had alwnysr a sense of discomfort. Off and on 1 con tinued in this way for two years, noth ing that. ! took iciicviiig me. At last. T lioarcLof Mother Sergei's "Syrup, and pro em red ii '. After I bad taken only a few do--s I found relief; my food di gested, and gradually ail nervousness left had no me. Although .1 had no reason at first, to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, 1 now gladly wdr -it its value, and its power over -Th'scasc. KiiHc mv recovery, for wide!; i thank Mother Neigel's fnraiive Tyvrup, 1 have liceri in f!ie best of heaith and spirits. In the interest of sit tiering humanity I d'-em it a. duty 1o send you Lkg.u lb LLdiliL tailor and outfitter, lot, Hockley Hill, Lir mingham, June Pi.!;, IP.ftn." '1 iicre is a df.-ii of difference between Air. Griffiths' candid Jotter and, the story about, the light that cast no shadow. The "latter. nrrav lie trite enough, but it car.rot be verified -without; more trouble than if. is worth. On the other hand wo have a trustworthy witness, -n i-.o will answer letters of enquiry, and can he found at bis address. Trinalfy, there is nothing mystic or magical tdxmt AJother P'-eifml's flurative Syrup. If. acts <m the theory that most. ailment3 are but syrup!oms,_ forms, or phases of thaf. uni versa) 'dyser. »»"•' Trifligea. tion arid dyspepsia: it. cures that." aud' throws the light of lieaiih and happiness over hearths upd homes whore illness and —pew —ii-wL-CHsuch a dark nnfl-riPTTfrying. shadow. And that is why people believe aH"Hi;ft~is told of its success by -eager wit* Jiesses - .. #5,92,9vz 