The Ring-Finger.' Much Ingenuity has been expen ded in the endeavor to discover on which hand- and on which finger the wedding-ring .was placed. The Jews have à tradition that Mary, when, she espoused Joseph',- receiv ed the ring on her middle linger; hence.no. Jewish .woman' wears her bridal ring there, but always on thc forefinger. 1 St. Ambrose, in ono of his ser. mons, calla the third -finger! the' finger for , the - ring: 'Macroblus gives the nursery', ñames ''-qt the fin gers In the times bf the Romans; the third finger ds called uhnularls; the low Nor man hame for the »ame finger is "John of the Seals."- -K'-:'': ' :\ :' ?'? ' In the ancient ritual of marriage among' tho English Baptists, the ring was. placed on tho1 end of the left uhumb, with the words,. "In the name of . the Father;" then on the forefinger, ¿with the words, "and of the Son;" then oh the mlddle flnger, "and of the Holy Ghost;" finally, on. the third, the ring finger, with the closing word, "Amen." The ancient Greeks used this finger also, because they believed a nerve to run di rectly from this finger to the heart. : Lemnlua says it is not an artery, but a vein,, and modern science shows that there is nothing of the kind in existence. The right ¡hand ls the hand of power, hence the wife wears the ring on the left hand. The third finger is the only recognised ring finger; all who wear rings officially wear them on that finger, though it is true that the . statues of the gods had their signets on the forefinger, both In Greece and- in Italy. This was on the right hand; hut, from convenience and long- established custom, the left hand is now generally considered the proper band, and the least-used finger of that hand holds the ring. Lemnius says the same finger is called Medt cus, for "on account of the virtue it derives from the heart, the old physicians would mingle their medicines and potions with this finger, be cause no venom can stick upon the very outmost part of it hut it will offend a man, . and com municate itself to his heart." . ' Some married women are so superstitiously rigid in their notion respecting the wedding ring, that they will never,, even for a moment, take it off their' finger/ extending, it would seem, the ex pression, "till death us do part," even to this golden jpledge of matrimony. 