TJH ' HAUNTED MOUNTAINS OK COLONEL CODY'S SEARCR A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, " Author-of the Mysterious Mau in Blue." CHAPTER LX. — A NIGHT IN THE HERMIT'S CABIN. The "Ghost" had looked well to the comfort of his horse, then piled up wood on the fire, causing a genial warmth to pervade the half cabin, half cavern home of the Hermit. He cooked a good sup per, for he found that the lonely man had a well filled larder. After giving his patient something to eat, though he fed him sparingly, the Ghost spread his own blankets before the fire and turned in for the night, ready to respond to the slightest call of the wounded man. Lying with wide open eyes, for he did not seek to at once go to sleep, he took in his surroundings by the bright fire light. He saw that the cabin, or log part of the little house, had been built over the mouth of the cavern and joined to the cliff with rocks and clay, so as to make it close and keep out the cold. The logs had been all hewn out with an axe, whilst the window shutters on either side and the door were of thick split timber. The roof was of logs, but did not leak, and it was altogether a snug home even in the bitter wea/ther that had lately, visited that region. The bed of the Hermit was a rude cot in one corner, and on the wall above it hung a repeating rifle, a double-bar relled shot-gun, a cavalry carbine, and a musket. There were half a dozen re volvers, too, as well as knives and bows and arrows. The rocky floor in front of the bed was carpeted by the skin of an enormous grizzly bear, and other souvenirs of the Hermit's prowess as a hunter were seen en all sides. The cavern was used as a store-room, and, penetrating the clifl some twenty feet, was aboivt twelve feet in width and eight in height. A saddle and bridle hung there, and there were a number of war-bonnets and Indian costumes. Such was the home of the strange man who dwelt all alone, and who had said that he had a mission to perform before he died. Until liis eyes closed in slumber the Ghost gazed about him, ana wnen ne awoke the fire had burned low and the grey of dawn was streaming through the cracks here and there visible. He arose quickly, and glanced towards his paltient, for the form was so silent he feared that he might have quietly slipped cut of life. "No, I am not dead; but the wound pains nie." It was a relief to the Ghost to hear the wounded man speak, and he hastily said: "I will dress it for you, and then you will feel better. I was so tired I did not move all night." "I slept also until after midnight, and would not disturb you as you seemed to need rest. You have removed the hideous death mask you wore last night, and somehow your face seems familiar to me." The man started, stepped quickly to his blankets, and picking up his mask replaced it. Then he threw wood on the fire, and opening the door, passed out, bucket in hand, to get fresh water at the spring he had visited the night before. He fed the horse while he was out, and watered him, having a bag of oats which he carried with him, and returning to the cabin, cooked breakfast as soon as he had dressed the -wounded arm and shoulder of the Hermit. He saw that his patient was slightly feverish, and fearing inflammation would set in, he said: "I am going to-day to see if I can get a person to aid you who will be far more useful than 1 am. It looks as though we were going to have another storm ; but do not fear on that account, for I know these mountains well, and my horse is never at fault, so I will be back by night at furthest." "You say you will bring some one to this place?" "Yes." "There are but three dwellers in these mountains that I have ever seen, save myself, and the redskins seldom come here from the lower range." "Who are the dwellers to whom you refer?" "The man calling himself the Monarch of the Mountains, a young girl whom I have seen on several occasions, and you —who have been playing the part of a ghost for some reason best known to yourself." "We three are all, and the person I would have come hack witli me to care for you is the young girl of whom you spoke." "But I know her to be the ally of the man I hope to bring to the gallows." "Whatever she may be to him, let me tell you that she is at heart my ally," was the firm response of the Ghost. CHAPTER LXI.— A PAGE OF THE PAST." The Hermit looked fixedly at the masked face of the man who chose ' to be known simply by the name of Ghost, and said: "Is that girl your friend?" "She is." "What is she to the Monarch of the Mountains?" "She is nothing to him. "She calls him father." "You know thie?" "Yes." "How do you know it?" "I have been within the hearing of the voice when she has done so." "Well, granted; but I repeat that the man is nothing to her." "What is she to you?" "One whom I would serve." "How serve her in these wild moun tains?" "By taking her from them when the time comes for me to do so." "Ah, again I have confidence in you. But what are you to the Monarch of the Mountains?" "Nothing." "You know him well?" "Far better than he thinks." The Hermit said no more just then, but as the Ghost came to him when ready to start, he asked: ' "Will you unmask your face?" The Ghost at once did so. Long did the Hermit gaze into the countenance thus revealed, as though he would read it thoroughly. Then lie said: "Again I tell you that I will trust you, for one with that face cannot be evil. Throw off that shroud that you wear and your toque, for I wish to talk to you." "Why not when I return?" " "It may be too late then." "Why too late?" "I do not believe the wound you gave me is fatal; but I suffer from it, and it may be. Should aught happen to me you would not know the troth, and I wish you to do so." "I can now understand why you would have me wait, and though I believe and hope you will come round all right, still it may be as you say, and I will gladly hear all that you wish to say to me." "God bless you. bov — for you are a boy to me, as I have passed the half -century post, and you cannot be over thirty." "I am not so old — only twenty-four." "Then there has been that in your life to age you. But I must not delay you, or trifle with time, as far as I am con cerned, so I will tell you my story." "Only that I may serve you in case of need." "Yes; but listen well to all I have to say. "When I was younger than you are, I had a happy home and loving parents, though we were poor, for reverses had come upon my father. In the town where we lived was a young girl, our physician's daughter, and her beauty of face and form won the hearts of all the beaus, and I fell madly in love with her. "She returned my love and we were en gaged, she refusing some brilliant offers to accept mine. Among my rivals was a young man whose father was very weal thy, and who was looked upon as the catch of the place, though he was very fast. Finding that he could not, by false report, turn my sweetheart against me, he suddenly became my friend, for she had then told me nothing of all he had said about me. " Soon before the day appointed for our marriage I was attacked by two tramps one night, shot, robbed, and left for dead. But I was found soon after and carried home, where I lay for weeks between life and death. "As soon as I got well enough to be up, the doctor told me I must go away for a change, and my devoted nurse through all quietly married me and went with me. "Recovering my health, I obtained a position as cashier in the town bank, and all went well for years. Two chil dren were born to us— a son and a daughter— and it seemed that my cup of happiness was full in the half a dozen years I had been married. "But I endorsed a note for a friend — this same old-time rival who had afterwards been most friendly with me. He had been away front home for years, no one knew where, and coming home, had en tered into business, and I endorsed his paper, and he, again taking to gambling, as in his earlier years, lost all and ruined me. "The night before the crash came the bank of which I was cashier was broken into, the watchman killed, and the safe robbed. "Then passed several days of anguish to me. It was discovered that I was ruined, suspicion fastened upon me, and, to hasten with my story, I was arrested, circumstantial evidence condemned me, and at the trial which followed I was found guilty of murder and robbery, and sentenced to die on the gallows." CHAPTER LXII. — A STORY OF CRIME. Tlie Ghost made no comment, but sil- ently listened to the story told him by the Hermit, who, after a pause, as though memories of a cruel past had nearly mastered him, resumed his nar rative. "I was sentenced to be hanged, and but for my noble wife I should have died on the gallows. "Ker father was killed the day I was sentenced by being thrown from his horse, and it was found that he had left her a snug fortune in bank deposits. This she determined to use in my he- half; so that she left home with our children, and going to Mexico, purchased a little home there. "Leaving her children in good hands, armed with ample funds, and in dis guise, she returned to the town where I was in prison awaiting my day of doom, and a few hundred dollars properly dis tributed opened the way for my escape. "Her plans had been most cleverly formed, and in a thorough disguise I fled with her to the West, and then down in to Mexico. We lived there for several years, and I made money; but one day I met a man from our old home, and I feared being shadowed, so we sold out — for our property had become valuable — and went to South America. "From there we visited Europe, dwell ing in France and Germany for a few years, our children all the while growing more bright and clever ; in fact, they were regarded as prodigies, as they had lc-arned several languages fluently, were good musicians, and promised to be the joy of our lives. "But we longed for our own land, and after a while decided to risk all and return. We came back by way of San Francisco. I bought a farm on the border of the Indian country, and we ex pected to live and die there in our happy home, for I had changed my name and had changed greatly in appearance in the twelve years that had gone by since my flight. "But, alas ! a couple of years after my sojourn there the Indians, that had often been troublesome, swept down upon my happy home, and my loving wife was shot down before my eyes, my children borne off into captivity by the Indians, and I was wounded and left for dead. "But again I recovered, and, going to an army post to get aid to rescue my children, I was recognised, arrested as an escaped murderer, carried back to my old town, and once more the shadow of the gallows was upon me. But again I made my esraoe, this time by the aid of a friend who had never believed me guiity, and I sailed from Boston in a ves- . sel bound for China. "It was some years before I again visited America, and I made my way to the West. Civilisation was pushing the Indians and lawlessness further towards the setting sun, and I followed in the hope of finding my captured children. "One night, in a frontier fort, I was called upon to hear the dying confession of a soldier, as a witness. The soldier had been a hard character— had attemp ted to kill a young officer by the name of Hugh Sea ford, and had been shot by him. Finding he was dying, the matt wished to make a confession. "Imagine.mv young friend, my aston ishment when I heard a confession of wrong to me. That dying man had been the hireling of my old rival and supposed friend, Prince Ashton. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had played tramps and shot me down and robbed me, leaving me for dead. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had planned to rob the hank and have me accused, and had arranged the plot to prove me guilty. They had murdered the watchman, and I was the sufferer. "I heard him confess how they had tracked me to Mexico, he being the man I had seen there, yet did not dream had been my foe. I escaped then, and years after lie had recognised my wife in a frontier village, had tracked- her home, and the Indian raid had followed; for he was a spy for Prince Ashton, who was a renegade chief among the red skins. He also told how Prince Ashton had carried my children into captivity, and both my son and daughter had es caped from him. but what had become of them lie did not know. "That was ail he confessed, except to say that Ashton was a renegade chief and dwelt 111 these mountains. Then I made myself known by my true name, and the dying man recognised me. Arm ed with his confession and letters from the commandant I went East, and had the stain of robbery and murder remov ed froia 'Pi" I eraffte to hunt down Prince Ashton." CHAPTER LXII1— THE NIGHT RIDE. The Hermit, whose life had been so filled with romance, worry and sorrow, had told his long story with evident ef fort. He knew that he was seriously wounded, if not fatally, and wished to tell of his past and arrange for the future. He felt that he could trust the young man who led such a mysterious and weird life, for he seemed to read in Ids face that he possessed a true and noble nature. "I came to these mountains because I was told that the man I sought — road- agent, outlaw, and all that was bad- had in the end become a dweller among the Indians, the foes of his own race. I began the search for him, and I came to one opinion after having patiently and untiringly folk ved his trail for several years. "I could have killed him scores of times, if hp had had so many lives, but my desire was to take him alive and force from him the secret of where my children were, if they were dead or alive, and then wreak my vengeance upon him. I have had to fight Indians, have met in deadly combat prowling outlaws. during my stay here, and all I have aetq convinces me that the man I seek dweUf among the red-skins for a deeper par pose than merely to be a renegade to hla race. "I am convinced that he is a gold hunter — that he has doubtless struck ly rich in finding the yellow metal In thtf mountains, and remains here to quietly, work his mine. I feel that the stories 0$. the Haunted Fort and of the Ghost o t the Mountains are Intended to frighten off the red-skins, the settlers, and hun ters from this region, and he is the one that plays the bold game to gain hla end so that he can secure gold enough remove it secretly, and then seek an other land to dwell in. You are tha Ghost— am I not right?" "In part, yes; but he has not found th¥ gold he is searching for so earnestly, yet is around us here." "Then he has missed it, and for onoa Fortune has smiled upon me, for I hava found gold, and plenty of it." "You?" "Yes, and this is my secret; and I will tell you that should I die ere you return, I have a mission for you to perform — ft <juty that you must religiously carry; out. "There is gold here, and enough to make half a dozen men rich; and I be queath to you my secret, or the know ledge of how you are to discover it. You are to share my legacy equally with two ethers — my children; but you are to find them, and tell them the story of my life. "Having found thine, share with them my legacy, and make known to my son the story I have told youp.and let it be his duty to bring that man,' Prince Ash ton, to the gallows. If my boy is dead then I bequeath the duty to my daugh ter. "If she, too, is dead, then upon you falls the duty and the whole of the for- . tune; only you must swear to me that1 Prince Ashton shall meet just punish ment — that my poor wife, children, and myself shall be avenged." "I swear it," said the Ghost, most firmiy;and then he quickly added: "But you will not die, for I will save you. You must iive to see the man Ashton punished, and I tell you now I can bring one here who ciin save you — one who will come. I know;" and speaking with a startling earnestness, the Ghost busied - about the cabin making his preparation to depart. "One moment," called out the Hermit The Ghost turned towards him, and he said: "If I am dead when you return, dig deep down into the sand at the bottom of the spring, and you will find there a small tin box. In it is a paper to tell you all I would have you know." "You will tell me yourself, for you will live. Now I will be ofT, and I will return at the earliest moment possible. I have placed food and water so that you can reach them. Now, good- bye for tho present;" and the Ghost was gone. He was soon mounted upon his match less horse, and going as fast as the snow- covered ground would permit down tho valley towards the plains. It was the trail towards Barrier Out post that he took, and when he drew near the fort it had coine on to snow, and wa growing dark. But he held steadily on, and yet as ha n eared the fort he drew rein, reconnoi tred carefully, and then taking from lilfc pocket a letter he had written and ad dressed at the Hermit's cabin, he rod cautiously up to the stockade gate and stuck it thereon with the blade of a knife. Unseen by the sentinel he turned and rede away in the storm. CHAPTER LXI V.— THE MEETINO ON THE MOUNTAIN. Standing upon the summit of a lofty; mountain range, gazing out over tha snow-covered valleys and plains that" for many miles could lie seen upon every; hand, stood a young girl. It was the same beautiful girl, clad In buckskin, who had captured th« young ranchero, Burt Braxton, and his cowboy comrade, and afterwards pre vented the Monarch of the Mountain from taking the life of the former. She held a glass in her hand, and wu sweeping the scene before her as though! in search of some object. A rifle WM swung at her back, she wore a belt ot arms round her slender waist, and a few hundred yards down the mountain stood her horse. "I do not know why he does not re turn. I sincerely hope no harm has be fallen him. And why does father re main so long away this time?" She spoke aloud. In a soft, rich voic and again raised her glass to her eyes. Then she cried out, in a cheery tone : ; "He is coming, and he rides hard." ' She had caught sight of a horsemaK coming along a valley a couple of mileil away and far below her. The horsemen was riding hard, seeming to press 10 horse to the top of his speed, though' the trail was unbroken and the snow, deep. 1 The young girl at once descended from the peak to which she had climbed, wad to her horse, leaped into the saddle, and rode along the trail to meet the one fib had seen coming. She soon did so.and as the horseman advanced he called out : "Ah, Zulita, I am so glad you hwrf met me, for I have news — oh, so nun news — for you." 1 "Is father dead?" she asked, qulcklyy > "No; but has he returned to the tm treat?" "He has not, and I was growing mos( anxious about you." "Well, I did have a close shave, hid it is all right now, as I discovered mucS through a shot I made." "I feel that you have made an imnop- tant find, brother. Have you discovered gold?" "Yes and jjo. I have discovered that which is dearer than gold, sister." The face of the young girl showed how deeply she was interested, and the horseman went on to say : "Do you remember the day that you captured me?" "Can I ever forget it?" "You recan tna. me Monarch was Very much disturbed over a strange echo he had heard of his own words?" "Yes: he did not rest until he had gone there the next day and repeated the ame words that he told us had been o changed, and he felt greatly relieved when he found the echo was different from what it had been the day before." "Well, I have found the eeho." "The same place?" . "No, the echo; for what he heard that day was not an echo, but a man's voice, and I have found the man." "Oh, brother!" "It is true, for I have seen trails about I could not account for, and seeing a fresh one in the snow two days ago, I followed it. It was a man's track, and I followed it to his retreat, and when he discovered me, although I raised my hands above my head, he fired upon me. In self- defence I was compelled to fire on him, and I sought to wound him in the arm, but the bullet cut through it and entered under the shoulder." "Killing him?" "Heaven grant not! But see, I have ridden my horse nearly to death, for last night I went to the fort." "The fort?" "Well, the outpost," "Why did you go there this time, brother?" "To leave a note for Surgeon Powell, for I wish to take him to the cabin of the wounded man and have him make him well." "But will he come?" "Yes, I know he will. I made an ap pointment with him for to- night at Beacon Rock, and he will be there." "Then he is not afraid of ghosts?" "Not he. But come, you must get eady to go with me at once to the cabin, And I will leave you there while I go to meet the Surgeon Scout." "But suppose father returns?" "He will not, for he dare not leave just now. There is too much at stake for him." "And this wounded man, brother?" "That is the great secret that I have' to tell you, sister, and you shall hear all as we ride along; for we must start at once, and not spare our horses." (To be Continued.) 