MR. WILSON BARRETT AS 'HAMLET.' (See Dramatic Columns. ) Dramatic. Mr. Wilson Barrett continued his remarkably suc cessful Beason at Her Majesty's on Saturday night with a production of ' Hamlet,' which differed in many respects from previous versions, and which aroused a great amount of enthusiasm from a crowded house. According to Mr. JBarrett's read ing, Hamlet was a young man of about 18 or 20, a man of courage and action, whose madness was an assumption to deceive those by whom he was sur roun.iea. as regarus cue yuutoiumess, me actor was made up as a very young man, but his mature Eet of figure and face made that assumption difficult. Miss Lilian M'Cartky, too, as the Queen, though, no doubt, ehe was a still young-looking and attractive woman to create the desire of the King's false brother, looked 'much too young a woman to be mother of Mr. Bar rett's Hamlet. Apart from these obvious criticisms, it has to be said that the version Mr. Barrett pro duces, and the whole manner of its production, while it adheres niorecloEely than usual to the play as Shakespeare wrote-^t, where it is usually altered by stars to give greater prominence to the central character, makes an eminently, interesting drama. The audience was ae sauch carried away as it usually is with a modern melodrama. It speedily lost the wrapt look and calmly critical demeanour generally assumed on a Shakespearian night, and found its emotions bemg played upon and its feelings aroused till it applauded frantically, and repeatedly 'called ' the performers. In this last respect, it is surprising to find an actor-manager of Mr. Barrett's ac knowledged taste and sense of the fitness of things permitting characters to come back from the dead to answer calls, and allowing the whole effect of cur tains to be destroyed by raising the cloth again upon the performers marshalled as though at drill, instead of on a second ' picture ' after the Ibsen manner. On Saturday, after Miss. Jeffries had played Ophelia's mad scene most movingly and tenderly, and her death has taken place, she destroys the whole illus ion by smilingly answering a call. Then again the play is unnecessarily prolonged by Hamlet taking such an unconscionable time in dying. Hamlet was the first thrust with the poisoned rapier, so deadly that we are told but a scratch meant death, yet Laertes and the King, both thrust after him, are made die at once, while the star survives to die in too long drawn-out agony. Realty these dying scenes are not nearly eo dramatically effective as they would be if finished in a tithe of the time. There is one thing admirable about nearly every partici pant in this production, and that is the excellence « well &b; the naturalness of the elocution, which gives every word a living value. The Polonius of Ifr. Hodges was notable in this respect. So is the ficely played Claudius of Mr. Edwards. Mr. Percy val, who played Laertes, is always distinct, A perform ance to live in memory was that of Mr. Ambrose Manning as the first grave-digger— richly humorous in ghoulish fashion. Mr. P. Foster as Horaiio, Mr. Invin as the ghost, Mr. D, M'Carthy as the first actor. Mr. Howard as the second grave-digger, Mr. Belmore as Osric, and Miss Pendennis as the Player Queen were all notable. Hamlet, which is beauti fully dressed and mounted, is in the bill for but the present week. The programme for the rest of the Barrett season is as follows : — To-nighb (April 30), ' Yir ginius ;' Wednesday, May 4, a triple bill, ' Chat terton,' ' Clerical Error.' and ' Colour Ser geant ;' Saturday, May 7, ' Ben- my-chree,' which is Mr. Barrett's dramatisation of Hall Caine's novel, 'The Deemster;' Saturday, May 14, ' Clito,' a poetic tragedy in five acts, written by Sydney Grundy and Wilson Barrett ; and Thursday, May 19, ' Othello,' in which Mr. Barrett will play the name part and Miss Maud Jeffries Desdemona. The other change on Saturday was at the Ly2eum, where ' The White Squadron,' a melo drama by J. H. Harkins, peculiarly appropriate at the present time, as it deals with war and the American fleet, was staged for the first time in Sydney. A crowded house received it heartily. Brazil is the scene. The American, British, and other warships are there to see that brigandage is repressed, but the Brazilian general, Bomacio, and his nephew, Colonel TJomacio, are secretly leagued with the outlaws, and on Captain Siiveiia of their army, an| Captain Staunton, of H.M.S. Titan, dis covering tfi'fil,the Brazilians endeavour to secure their assassination. They are finally exposed. Love interest is supplied by Captain Staunton's regard for Siiveria's eister, and Sitveria'e for Terese Koinacio. Thero is plenty of life aud colour and marching and sensation in the play, and the audience was parti cularly cordial towards the representatives of the British and American navies, and evidently re flected the war spirit. Mr. Diver is chief viilain as General Romacio ; Mr. Stanford is Colonel Ro macio ; Mr. Gregory, Captain Staunton ; Mr. Dunbar, Captain silveria ; Mr. Field, President of the Republic ; Mr. Harry Shine, ..an alleged Eiitish journalist ; Miss Maud Williamson, Onesia Silveria ; Miss Bensuean, Terese Uomacio ; Miss Liddiard, Hope Staunton ; Miss Reynolds, Auut Maddock. There aie a host of other characters. Throughout the week the Cartwright Company have produced the very clever and trenchant comedy of ' The Tree of Knowledge,' at the Criterion; in which Mr. Cartwright, Miss Lamb, Messrs Thursby and Styan, and Miss Darragh do such good work. It is to give way to-night to ' The Idlers,' with Air. Cartwright as Mark Cross, the character in which. he made such a hit when out here with Miss Nether sole. The Tivoli has been pursuing the eve u tenor of its prosperous way, with the Kellinos as a leadiug attraction. This is their list week in Australia, auct next week sees the last of the Haytors. The Tillers, the Bell Ballet, Austin Rudd, Lizzie Kirk, Frank Leon, and, Wallace King furnish the other star ' turns,' and the Clarense sisters are the latest importations. ? Mr. Bland Holt iVprospenng so well with ' Ths Cotton Iving,' that there., is -no announcement of change yet, but when.,. it 'does come it will be a revival of ' A Life of Pleasure.' Harinston's Circus . an^j. Menagerie with its re markably clever acrobats, extraordinary wire walker, clever riders, and phenomenal gymnasts, is to make its last Sydney appearance to- day . It is an excellent show all rouud, and some of its leading features are phenomenal. At the ltoyal Standard the Henry Dramatic Company produced ' The Little Detective ' on Saturda3r. It is reported that Mr. Nat Goodwin and Miss Maxine Elliott were married at Cleveland on March 20\. The divorce action taken by Mrs. GDodwin just after the company loft here will be re membered. Both Mr. Goodwin a'ui his leading lady had to secure divorces to permit of their marriage. 