The Spaniards are a little over-prone to exult prematurely, but it must be admitted that on the arrival of their naval squadron at Cuba they have excellent reason for the demonstration ot national rejoicing, which a few days ago too place. This must necessarily greatly affect the fortunes of the war, and tend to prolong it. for possessing what is, in modem times, akin to the weather guage. superior speed, the Spanish ships can either fight or run, can select their own time and place of battle, and can either sally forth or lurk behind their fortifications as they please. Moreover, they now jxsssess the immeasurable advantages of a naval base, adequate supplies of "coal and food, and the means of renewing both, because it is obvic-us that if the Americans could not find the Spanish Seet upon the seas and force them to battle, they will be unable to pre vent supplies of all kinds being poured into Cuba, especially from the neighbouring and friendly islands in the occupation of France, which interprets the term, neutral State, very widely. In addition, ihe Americans will be now compelled to raise their blockade, for it would be madness to risk battle-ships and cruisers in the effort to maintain a blockade at night of a powerful squadron possessed of -8 and 30 knot destroyers. The blockade, as it existed before the arrival of the Spanish fleet, appears to have been of an utterly ineffective character, for we are told that the Montserrar ran it three times, landing 10CKI troops and L430.0Q0 in specie, and afterwards re-crossed the Atlantic to Corunna. The effect of the enforced raising of the blockade will be that Spain will be able to convoy additional troops and munitions of war to Cuba, while the United States will be unable to invade it until they have fought and de stroyed the Spanish fleet, which, having the superiority in speed, can decline battle until forced to it by a determined attempt at military invasion under cover of convoy. The Americans appear, therefore, to have lost the natural ad vantages they possessed at the commencement of the war, a secure base and proximity to their objective, while the Spaniards have in Cuban waters a most effective fighting force of seven vessels, and it is said they have three others in the vicinity shortly to arrive. In addition, there is a reserve of twelve others, which has quitted Cadiz, its destination being, it is said, the Philippine Islands. This we greatly doubt, for as the primary object of the war is Cuba, it will be to the interest of Spain to endeavour to crush that portion of the U.S. navy, whose depot is at Key West, because if it proves unable to keep the seas, the squadron at Manila would not be able to do so unaided. We have said from the opening of the war that the Spaniards, if they can only handle their ships, and are properly led, have much the advantage of the position, but we scarcely thought that they would have been permitted to reach Cuban waters without sustaining damage by fleet action. As they have been, their position is consequently greatly improved thereby. The uncertain element in the whole calculation Is the quality and capacity of the officers. In this respect, the Americans have an undoubted superiority. It is said of the Spanish soldier that he is generally smok ing a cigarette when lie should be polishing his I gun, and the ease with which Manila was sur- ! prised exhibited an incapacity on the part of the Spanish officers, which in time of war is abso lutely contemptible. Nor was the act of the captain of the Don Antoni de Ulloa, in nailing his flag to the mast, and going down with all on board, in any wise commendable. His ship was not able to fight or reply to the enemy's tire — she was simply a target, and his act in sacrificing her and the lives of his crew was not, therefore, one of intrepedity, but stupidity. For such considerations as these, great allowance has to be made, but if the two races were at all equal in sea-fighting capacity, there can he no doubt that the Americans would find themselves in a position of considerable danger and difficulty, because, with a Spanish fleet at Havana, which can readily be reinforced, a reverse would be very serious, for not only would the superior American commerce be endangered, but an in vasion of Cuba would be rendered impossible, while Spain would doubtless pour in fresh troops \ for the suppression of the insurrection. The war i may now be expected to begin in earnest within j the course of a week or two, and the issue of it j will he watched with ever- increasing interest. : The privilege accorded to Mrs Gladstone of be- i ing interred, when sounds her passing bell, by i the side of her distinguished husband, is the j greatest that lias been accorded to any woman in j the history of the English race. There are I women lying in the shadows of the great ! Minster among the illustrious dead who have ' made our England great, but for the most part ! they are Royal personages, many of whom liavo I not been distinguished for much, save the aeci- ! dgnt of having been born with a golden 6poon I in th.eir mouth. For the widow of a Commoner, : however great his reputation, to be laid there, j not because of her own deeds, but simply from i the reason that she was his widow, would twenty | years ago hare been a thing impossible. Aris- ! tocracy would have sniffed such an iconoclastic j notion out of existence. A plain Mrs Gladstone I to be laid beside the distinguished people who were of " family," the sculptured effigies of i whoso ancestors gazed up from their tomb-beds ! ' The proposition would havo been scouted as ' "impossible." Who was she that she should be : borne into the presence of the ghosts of the j great who had made the nation, who flung away ! freely fortune, life, and all the mental and I physical power they could evolve in the service ! of the State, their most profound aspiration be. j ing a niche in Westminster Abbey ? Yes ! who ; was she ? It is admitted by all who had the privilogo of going in the home-life at Bawarden that one of the secrets of that extraordinary power of Mr Gladstone's, of turning out such vast quantities of oratorical and literary matter, lay in the work unobtrusively done by the assiduous helper who was the quickly responsive photographic film to his exhaustless mind. Un obtrusively her influence ever pervaded his life ; she was bis amanuensis, and ihe caretaker and indexer of his papers, and his secrets ; she dis ciplined his home so that he had no trouble in it, and hand in hand the pair walked through the world, sweethearts, aye, mutually responsive to every touch, and thought, and word. To read the descriptions by those who witnessed it of that placid life at Hawarden, when storms were hurtling round, disaster impending, and the tallest tree-tops in the intellectual world crashing down, is like reviving the days when life was passed through in idyllic dreams, dis turbed only by wind breaths from afar. Pro bably, few couples in modern England were more thoroughly mated, or could feel better the bitter significance of the lines — " Which of us dear, which one Shall sit by a bed with an aching dread ; Which of us dear, which one V Pope has written — All other good by fortune's hand is given, A wife is the peculiar gift of Heaven. A wife ah, gentle deities can he, That has a wife e'er feel adversity f And. if we turn to the great Kingly Hebrew writer of sonorous phrase, do we not learn " The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her. so that he shall have no need of spoiL She will do him good, and not evil, all the days of her life. She srretcheih out her hand to the poor, yea. she reacheth forth her hands to the needy. Her husband is known in the gates where he sitteth among the elders of the" land. Strength and honour are her clothing, and she shall rejoice in time to come. She openeth her mouth with wisdom, and in her tongue is the law of kind ness. She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateih not the bread of idleness. Her children rise up and call her blessed, her husband also, and he praiseth her." All this and more Mrs Gladstone was to the distinguished statesman just laid to rest, and if she is to I>e the first widow of a Commoner entombed in the world-famed sepulchre of the Immortals, we have at least the consolation that she is worthy of the priceless honour. Let it not be assumed that we are exalting her above all women, simply because she is a large picture at the pre sent in the world's eye. There have Wen heroic, devoted women before her ; there will be scores hereafter. And while the privilege of be ing buried in the Abbey is one which English men all over the world have striven for through centuries of the history of our race, have re garded life as worthless? if after death their re mains might be borne through the leaden shadows of the great Minsier t» a vault, whose entablature was simply superiuscribed with their name, it must be understood that the pro mise given to Mrs Gladstone is a concession, not a precedent. It is only granted because the Grand Old Man's eloquence had superior claims upon the nation's veneration and the nation's love. It must not be used by other widows to extort from the nation a right of burial in the Abbey, because that "in their death they can not be divided." This is the danger of the set ting of this precedent. Yet we know that there would have Wen experienced a feeling of incon gruity that some crown was wanting if this " greatest Englishman," had he not been placed beside his compeers. And as they could not be divided, a nation bids them rest together, and consecrates their life-time love. 