APOSTOLICAL SUGGESTION IN Bv Apostolical Succession is meant a succession of Pastors from the Apostles, all of whom in one un broken line of succession have received Valid orders and a lawful mission, that is, valid jurisdiction. The Church of Christ must have such succession if Christ ordained His Apostles and imposed upon them the Pastoral charge ; if, secondly, He decreed that it should remain perpetually in His Church ; and it, thirdly, this charge must be communicated by the Apostles to others, and by them to others, and so on, so that by Pastors thus succeeding one another the Church of Christ shall be ruled to the end of time. Our Divine Lord ordained His disciples priests when at the Last Supper He said unto them: 'Do this for a commemoration of Me,' Gospel according to St. Luke c 22, v 19. By saying : ' Do this,' He commanded them to do what He had done, and by implication He gave them the power to do it ; that is, Pie ordained them priests with power to offer to God the sacrifice of the new law which He had then and there instituted. He im posed the pastoral charge upon the Apostles when (Gospel, St.- Matthew, c 2S, vv 19 and 20) He said to them: 'Go, teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.' This text proves furthermore the perpetuity of the pastoral charge through a succession of Pastors to the end of the world. Christ communicated the pastoral charge to His Apostles when He said to them (Matthew, c 18, t 18), 'Amen, I say to you, whatsoever you shall bind upon earth shall be bound also in Heaven ; and whatsoever you shall loosed upon earth shall be loosed also in Heaven.' That the Saviour gave the pastoral charge to His Apostles is evident from the words He addressed to them (John, c 20, vv21, 22, and 23), 'As the Father hath sent Me, 1 also send you. Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them ; and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained.' The perpetuity of the pastoral charge has already been proved. It may also be established from Acts of the Apostles, c 20, v 28 : 'Take heed to yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Church of God which He hath purchased with His blood.' This passage proves that the pastoral charge appertains to the constitu tion of the Church. It appears from the Epistle of St. Paul to the Ephesians, c 4, vv 11 and 15, that the ends for which the pastoral charge has been established are perpetual. From this the perpe tuity of the -r pastoral charge follows necessarily. Having proved, the perpetuity of the pastoral charge, I shall proceed to show how the Apostles and the ecclesiastical authorities in the Apostolic times gave effect to the decree of Christ. We read in the Acts of the Apostles, c 13, v 3 and context, that the ecclesiastical authorities at Antioch ordained Paul and Barnabas through the imposition of hands (Keirotonesantes), and gave them their mission. It is worthy of deep con- I sideration that, notwithstanding the vocation of Paul by Christ, the ecclesiastical authorities, acting under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, deemedit imperative upon them to ordain him and give him his mission. In the Acts of the Apostles, c. 14, v. 22, we read : ' And when they (Paul and Barnabas) had ordained (Keirotonesantes) for them priests in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they recommended them to the Lord in whom they be lieved,' The Greek word in the parenthesis signi fies the imposition of hands, and indicates the cere mony of Ordination. St. Paul, in his epistle to Titus c. 1, v. 5, says: ' For this cause I leftthee in (Jrete, that thou sho.uldst set in order the things that are wanting, and shouldst ordain priests in every city, as I also appointed thee.' St. Paul, in 2nd epistle to Timothy c. 1. v. 6, says : ' For which cause I admonish thee, that thou stir up the grace of God which is in thee, by the imposition of my hands.' St. Paul, in his 1st epistle to Timothy, c, 5, v. 22, says : ' impose not hands lightly upon any man.' The foregoing few texts are amply sufficient to show how the ecclesiastical authorities in the Apos tolic times gave effect to the injunctions of Christ regarding the Pastoral charge ; valid Ordination came first, then a legitimate mission. There was no exception made even in the case of St. Paul, whose vocation came direct from Christ Himself. In this we find a lesson for all future ages. Application. — It is admitted that the Greek Church, not in communion with the Pope, possesses valid Orders. It is beyond all doubt that the vast body of the people are in good faith, that is, they are in invincible ignorance regarding their duty of being in communion with the Pope. It might therefore be held that the Church of Christ in her great charity and in consideration of the good faith of thepeople'grants faculties, that is, jurisdiction, to the clergy, I will not express any opinion on the subject. The case of the Church of England, that is, the I Church established in England by the civil laws.— In another paper I proved beyond all doubt that the said Church possesses no valid Orders whatsoever. The clergy therefore can have no legitimate mission, for such a mission presupposes valid Orders. There are about seven hundred other Protestant denomi nations. It is equally certain their ministers have no valid Orders. Consequently, no legitimate mis sion is possible. I shall now consider the case of the Catholic Church, that is, the Church in communion with the Pope, in regard to Apostolical Succession. In the Gospel according to St. Matthew, c 16, v 18, we find it recorded that Our Divine Lord said to Peter : ' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I shall build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' This is a clear metaphor, and signifies that as a physical rock sustains in a physical way the physical structure raised upon it, so shall Peter, as a moral rock, sustain in a moral way the moral structure of the Church built upon him. The moral mode is by sound doctrine and effective govern ment. It is then clear that in the words quoted Our Lord promised Peter supremacy in the government of the Church. This promise which Christ, before his death, made to Peter, He verified after His resurrection, as we find it clearly recorded in the Gospel according to St. John, c21*w. 15, 16, and 17. In verse 15 Christ said to Peter: ' Boske ta arnia mou'— that is, feed my little lambs. In the 16th verse^ Christ said to him : ' Poimaine ta probata mou' — that is, rule my sheep. In verse 17 He said to him : 'Boske ta probata mou' — that is, feed my sheep. It is clear that a person appointed to feed a flock of sheep must have power to direct them. Peter therefore, according to the metaphor, received power from Christ to direct His moral sheep, the faithful throughout the world. The word 'Poimaine' places this beyond all possible doubt, because, according to all authors, sacred and pro fane, the leading idea in and signification of that word is rule and government. Homer throughout the Iliad applies the noan ' poimen' to Agamem non as the commander-in-chief of the Greeks in the Trojan war. According to the prophecy of Isaiah, c 44, v 28, the Lord applies the same word to King Cyrus. It is then clear and evident that when Christ said to Peter ' Poimaine ta probata mou,' he delegated to him as His Vicar power to rule His whole flock, that is, all the faithful without dis tinction or exception. Peter being thus invested with power, ruled thp Church from Antioch for seven years. After that period he went to Rome and ruled the Church from that city until he died a martyr by crucifixion. He was succeeded in his office as Vicar of Christ by Linus ; next to him came Cletus ; next to him came Clement; so on down wards in one unbroken line of succession to the pre sent Pontiff, Leo XIII. As we look along that line we use the glass of history and see all the churches in communion with that line. We thus have before our mental vision the Catholic Church from the time of Christ to the present. In that ; mental vision, through the mirror of history, we see all those destined for the sacred ministry ordained according to the approved form and receiving their faculties, that is, their jurisdiction, directly or indirectly, from the Vicar of Christ for the time being. Thus we see before our eyes Apostolical Succession realized in the Catholic Church, that is, the whole Church in communion with Christ's Vicar on earth. P. HALLINAN, D.D. 