CHAPTER III. Mr Justice Bolt, sitting in his great chair in his Court of Assizes, stooped his head down so that his face looked out between the gorgeous nosegays that stood on either side of his desk. And here again he sug gested an adder; only out of his box now and making something fearful of the flowers. Moving his eyes in an immovable counten ance, their glance identified in a flash a couple standing at the back of the crowd in the well of the Court-Hawker, to wit, with a warm, jubilant expression about his mouth; and, beside him, the haggard, melancholy figure of the stranger of the night before. Mr Justice Bolt, uttering a little inward purr of satisfaction, leant back in his chair and made the ghost of a sign (collusion be tween Bench and Bar, the wicked old Tib 1) to the prosecuting counsel. Was ever ghost, however, so weighted with meaning t It might have shaken the Court in its walking -for this was how brother Ame', who was possessed of the key to the enigma, inter preted its signification : " It's all right, old boy. They're in Court, and you can pro duce your witness. The rogue has.kept his appointment on the Southampton-road and shown Hawker the faked-up stone; and Hawker has swallowed the bait, and, judg ing by his expression, has found it very much to his liking. Now strike, my friend, and play him I" All this, one must conclude, brother Ames, premonished, read in that impalpable hiero glyphic of a wink. At any rate, he curtly disposed of the witness with whom he was drawlingly engaged at the moment, and, giving the tail of his eye to William byfteet, who stood in the dock--a very villainous contrast to his confederate --called suavely and relishingly for one Jonathan Pilbrow. The witness-a little, ferret-eyed fellow in a bob wig-got deliberately into the box. " I believe," said the prosecuting counsel, after the usual brow-beating preamble, "that you are a toy merchant ?" "Yes, I am." " And a bit of a universal genius, eh 2" "There's no one to stand beside me but myself," said the witness, waggishly. " And very good company, too," said coun sel; "and the only one you favor with your confidence, no doubt." " It ain't likely to give me away, any how," said the witness. "That I can believe. Give you away? You have your price, of course. But you won't think it presuming of me to suggest that you have also the faculty of invention." " Oh, have I 2" "I use the term complimentarily. You invent things, don't you ?" " Maybe I do-when I ain't on my oath." "Well, I ask you to state now, on your cath, if it isn't true that you have invented a gold paint ?" (No answer.) " ---which, applied to any hard sub. stance-a piece of heavy wood or iron, or, even, say, so remote a curiosity as a meteoric stone-gives that substance the appearance of being composed of the precious metal. (No answer.) ' -- and it is within the bounds of possi bility that the prisoner may have had deal ings with you in the matter of this ingenious invention, and may even have paid you a commission on all transactions where its fraudulent use enabled him to trade upon the gullibility of-" Up jumped counsel for the defence. "'My lord-" he was beginning, when a furious exclamation from some individual amongst the spectators stopped him. Mr Justice Bolt glanced sternly in the direction of the offender. "Who is that interrupting the proceed ings ?" he cried. "Usher, put that person out of Court I" There was a little stir and flurry ; and the commotion subs;ded. The Judge: sank back in his chair, and turned with the most bland expression to the defence. "The disinterestedness of the witness is under suspicion," said he. " I rule the question relevant." Mr Hawker, who was, indeed, the delin. quent elected by order of the Judge, shouted and kicked as he was bustled without the precincts of the Court by the tipstaves. lie was quite beside himself. " Le' me go 1" he shrieked. "He's done me cut of two hundred pounds I He know it was a swindle all the time. I'll have the law of him I" "Drat the critter i" said one of the mei.n, "What's he a-foamin' about I Keep still, you little undertaker, or I'll score your bald 'ead like a cheese-board I" Mr Hawker subsided, in exhaustion moral and physical. "'I'll have the law," he was repeating weakly, when a gaunt, wild figure shot from the door of the bui;ding, and rushed for the busy street below. At that the captive sprang to fresh vigor. "There goes the other 1" he screamed. " Him as showed me the painted stone that was the cause of it, ah I" and he broke from his guard and went instantly in pursuit. It was a futile chase. T?e stranger, edg ing and dodging through the crowd, was out of sight in a moment. In another, Mr hawker, suddenly conscious of himself as an egregious ass, stopped, turned up a by-street, and made for the judge's lodgings. '"And, oh I" he murmured, panting and half hysterical, " if I don't get quit with bolt for this, strike me dumb and hugly I It ain't playing the game fair to lay odds on a certainty; and I've a mind to open his 'ead with the stone itself." He walked a few paces further, grinding his teeth. '. There's one scrap o' comfort," he thought. "William Byfleet'll swing now, and deprive him down there of the banefit of his ser vices. It ain't much, but it's a little." Agleam of wrathful admiration struggled into his eyes. " The fools I" he muttered, " to think to hoodwink Balt I" Then at last his emotion yielded to his chagrin the tribute of a single trickling tear, and he whispered in anguish : " Mrs'Awker I Mrs 'Awker I the moral of all this is that you'll 'ave to remain Miss 'Uggins." Peason's Weel, d. 