Q.T.C. Handicaps. Weights for the two principal handicaps at tho coining Q.T.C. autumn meeting were published on Tuesday, and forfeits must be declarod on Tuesday next, Slay 17. There is littlo fault to be found with tho handicapper's work, though— opinions of courso differ as to the treatment of individual horses, and. on form, I think that Mr. M'Gill's colt North Australian has been overrated. Nothing he lias dono in public makes him the equal, or anj'thing like the equal, of Archie's Daughter, to whom he gives weight in tho Cup, and with whom he is bracketed equal in the Moreton Handicap. Ho lias never got a distance, unless a bad second in the Prince of Wales Cup, lit mile, under 7 st. IS lbs., to the moderate Kay, 9 st. S lbs., entitles him to be con sidered a stayer. In the Southport Handi cap, with the same weight up, he failed to give the winner. Iridium, S lbs: whfio Kal mia at a difference of 12 lbs. only, ran secondhand i.ockdove, a three-year-old filly, who should have been in receipt of a stone and 10 lbs. at weight-for-age, was, getting a coiices"ion of only 7 lb*, for the year, and beat hira badly, The colt indeed has been racing inuro than two seasons now, and wou three races out of 1G tries. The one performance of merit he can lay claim to is winning the Final Handicap. I mile, at Fugle Farm, under 8 sr. G lbs., very easily by three lengths, boating a good field: but tho really good horses were all giving liim lumps of weight, and the beat, und the probable winner, had all gone tight, Pakeha. with 10 st. 2 lbs. up, fell, and the merit of this victory is not of a high order. I have dealt at Iengtii with North Australian, because Mr. .Richardson's estimate of a horse's form is not to bo iijrbtly disputed. Of the rest, Olive Branch, a. better public performer than her brother, has a chance. Triuentate may ho a "has been," but be ran very prominently iu the May Day Cup, and Mr. Richardson did well not to take too muck weight off him. Tripod. Rubydor. Freedom, and Boscobel have all been left with chances, providing that Fitzroy does not .start, for not one of tho quartette has anything like so good a record as the Rutoley galloway, who ran second in the Toorak Handicap to PauI Pry: improved on that by carrying 7 st. 9 lbs. into second place behind The Grafter. 8 st. 2 lbs., in the Coburg Stakes, at Flemingtoti. with 21 horses behind the pair: und if it be urged that these performances only make him out a milcr, the reply is that in the Australian Cup, 2} miles, Fitzroy was leading to the turn into the straight, and that it was not till well within the distance that Battalion and Aurum deprived him of tho situation he so nearly secured. He carried only G st. 7 lbs., but would either Tripod, Rubydor, Freedom, or Boscobel. have done us well under the weight, in tho company? In my opinion the . negative answer is emphatic. Dan O'Connell : lias S st., which is not out of the way, and Magnate may be welt iu at the same weight i Of the chances of the lot below S st. I am not ; very sanguine. It is rash to say of any J horse in any race that his show is hopeless, but I reckon those with a chance, j and that not too rosy, in this division, are j only IiOrimer, Bockdove, "Waiter, Drake, and i Faba. I have left mention of Cabin j Boy and Music to the last, because I i think that, fit and well on the I day, we need not look beyond the two! for the winner, unless Riley prefers Fitzroy to Cabin Boy in the long race, and I am at one crith the handicapp?r in thinking that little notice need be taken of Music's running since he defeated Waiter and. Rubydor so cleverly at Easier. Iu the Moreton Haudicap, of the 8 st. id over division I like Cabin Boy, j Music. Archie's Daughter, The Scamp, j Fitzroy, and Boscobel. Of the remainder j Rockauvc, Waiter. Drake, and Faba But the declaration of forfeits on Tuesday may put a new complexion on the features of the problem Mr. Richardson has set us. and fiual selections may stand over till next week. is not a little singular that there should be three Derby winners engaged in each of tthese races, and that neither should be I credited with more than the ghost of a show. 