MOTES AND COMMENTS. At Rockhampton a couple of days ago a man first tried to strangle himself with a sheet off liis bed, then he inserted knife in hie gullet, and a little later he inflicted a terrible gash in each groin after which he gave up the ghost. We should almost imagine that he would do something like that under the circumstances. A man who would not die after going through such a circus as that would be a sort of human ironclaa with a dynamite proof stomach. * * » # If the Yankees do go to war, it will be a blessing in one respect, for the hundreds of so-called pugilists who live by challenging each other in the columns of • newspapers will then have to join a regiment and do a little real fighting, or be run in under the ' Vag' Act. If they go to the war some of them are certain to be buried, even if they only die of fright; if they don't go, they will be removed from the public gaze, hence tbe war will * supply a * long felt * want. » To-day Newhaven, Australia's greatest equine champion since tbe days of mighty Carbine, will measure his speed against that of some of the best handicap horses in England and America, and as it is his first venture on English soil, all Australian sportsmen will anxiously await the issue. It does not look as if the Australian contingent are very sweet on the champion's chanco, for even at tbis late hour 100 to 6 can he obtained about him. Ho Australian horse has ever yet won his first race on English tnrf, and it is only reasonable to suppose that Newhaven is not yet acclimatised, bat if he is well, if he strips the Newhaven that we saw canter home in front of the Melbourne Cup candidates as if they were so many hacks, then we do not fear that he will disgrace us, but it is too much to ask of man or horse to leave aland like ours and journey to ^ climate like that of England and then bat^e up to best form the first time of asking. In a month's time, when he meets Galtee More, the pride of England, then ^e fancy we shall see oiur great horse at his hest, and we would give half our kingdom to have the opportunity of watching the Britishers and the Australian fighting the battle out from post to finish. We know that the Britisher is a great horse, but if the Australian is himself on the day, Galtee More will have no spare time on foot to wink at the crowd as he comes down the straight to the winning post. . * * * * John O'Malley is a nice elderly party who would make a charming mate for anyone seeking a quiet and peaceful life. John was found guilty yesterday at the Perth Criminal Sessions on a charge of attempting to seriously damage one Bilson, at-the Golden Bock mine, Southern Cross, and the judge sentenced him to imprisonment for life. In the evidence at the trial it came out that Bilson was working down a shaft, whereupon O'Malley first dropped a bucket on top of him, then he collected a quantity of rock and sent that after the bucket. And Bilson could' not conscientiously say on oath that he was having a pleasant time as he dodged aoout the bottom of the shaft to escape the showers of missiles^ but he, though a pious man, is prepared to swear that everything that comes from aboye is ' not' a blessing. Alter enjoying himself in this manner for a While O'Malley drew a revolver and started firing down the shaft. Bilson ? s end of the picnic wag not of the kind which makes a man thankful for his lot in life. He started to climb to the surface, and got a pellet of lead in the leg which almost robbed him of his understanding. He got up at last, and now O'Malley has gone down for life, No reason of any kind was given at the trial for the strange conduct of the prisoner, but we incline to the opinion that a man who get* his general amusements out of such pastimes as dropping rocks and bucket and bullets on his fellowman from the brace of a shaft ought to be put somewhere where he could carry out his little eccentricities without danger to his neighbors. * * * * The inspector of nuisances or one of his subordinates has. been having a field day recently amongst the residences of people who live in isolated places, and judging by the general concensus of opinion we can only arrive at the conclusion that the artist in question could find much better employment for his time, if he would attend to the foul smelling places in the thickly populated parts of the municipality, and not pester isolated homesteads in the outskirts; W-e know of one case'which' came under bur observation some wee^§ ago, which will go fs(.r towards showing how the expert in question carries out his duties. A was dwelling next door to B, and during this time A's dog died, aud was duly deposited where the rubbish man could shift it. But he did not • do so, and the defunct canine swelled up and became not only au eyesore, but the nostrils of all and .sundry, who had to pass that way'-were offended, so intjeh go- that the hawkers fled the scene and refused to carry round their goods, The camels that had to pass the place shied and bolted due east, aud yet the corporation man did -not interfere. A little while later the wife of 4 B,' who lived next door, poured some soapsuds round a growing pepper tree, and then the corporation man came forth in all his glory, and talked o^ f^nes and other awful pqins* and penalties, and made a first-class circus of himself. He had evidently some- thing in his little book about soap suds, but there was nothing in| the by laws about dead dogs that rotted under his very nose, and he had not sufficient brains to grasp the situation without a 'rule' to guide him. * * « * The war trouble is as far ofi a definite issue as ever. The latest move on the part of Spain is one which looks as if tbe ipanish people fully expect that war must come out of the present trouble. Arrangements have been made whereby all the subjects of Spain now in America will be enabled to leave the States for Spanish soil. There are an immense number of Spaniards in America, especially around New Orleans, where the descendants of the ' Dons' have done much to make the city beautiful and prosperous. The prospective war, therefore, will cost America many good and wealthy citizens. Only those who have witnessed the great festival, known all over the world as the Mardi-Gras Festival, can realise the number of wealthy Spaniards who have settled in this portion of the ' States,' where they fondly imagined they were free from all European war troubles. These people once uprooted from American soil will never again return to it, except as traders. They will never look apon America as a home as they have done, and America will be a serious sufferer by their departure. • * • * • One of the features of this threatened war is the proposed granting of letters of marque to fighting ebips of the flying, clas-i. This is simply licensed piracy, and many an adventurer will go forth bent only on plunder and rapine. It is a mere repetition of the old days when the British privateers swept the Spanish main in the hope of running down some rich galleon, and it is to be hoped that the great powers will veto this move. » • * * At present the position, briefly summed up, is as as follows ;—America wants war and means to have it, but at present there is a slight dispute as to the methods to be adopted to obtain the desired end. President M'Kinley is the only really powerful bar in the way of an immediate declaration of hostilities. But strong statesman as he has undoubtedly proved himself to be, there is little doubt that he will have to yield to the inevitable in the long run. Spain, on her side, has given up all hope of a peaceful solution of the difficulty, and is making Herculean efforts to get the army and navy into a fitting state to face the enemy, * # # England's attitude towards America has been that of a .mother towards her son. Not for one moment has tbe Old Country swerved from her friendly attitude towards America in the latter's time of trouble, and the feeling in America towards England is warmer than it has ever been since the declaration of Independence. The American Press of all sections is loud its praise of the old country. A feeling is now abroad that after all blood is thicker than water, a,ad it is. quite on the cards that America and England may form an alliance which will practically dominate the whole civilised world in the future. The American Press is unstinted in its praise of the action of the mother land, and states that England's action has alone prevented a great European alliance hostile to America in the present crisis. * * » * In this fair city there are three Go-r vernment institutions that boast clocks which are supposed to regulate the public hours of attendance, viz, ttie post office, the police court, and the railway station. If a man puts his trust in cae post office clock be manages to get to the railway station just in time to hear the whistle of the train that ought to be conveying him to Kalgoorlie, as it disappears round the bend by Bayley's mine, and the only redress he has is to turn on his heel and curse the post-office clock and the man who made it. Should he pin his faith to the railway station timepiece he will arrive at the post-office in time to find <that the eastern mail ha* : closed ten minutes previously. Should he rely upon one or both of tbe clocks aforementioned when' he |ias a case on in court he will land in the Finnertonian presence seventeen minutes and sixteen seconds after his case has been decided against him with costs. Should he therefore take the court clock as his guide, mentor, and friend, he will miss his mail, lose his traiu, and, probably, get fined thirty bob for using language calculated to set the dynamite in the town on edge. We hare' three Governmeat clock?, *nd none are right, yet all are correct according to the man in charge. If a man wants to be a success in business in this centre he needsio possess a three dialed watch,' and set one to G.P.O. time, one to police' court time, and the other to railway time, and theta, if nothing goes wrong'with the Works,' he may get through the ordinary run of work without missing more thgjn ai^ trains per week, ^u odd Tftail or two, to say nothing of the female who should be on deck at 8.30 p.m. somewhere between the Ninety-mile road and the Government ho pital. Keep pace with the times. Have the best article. JONES and Co's No 1 JAMS are very special,* C. M'Dowall will ssll, af 11 o'clock today, by instructions of tbe bailiff, on the premises ki)own as the Yiigarn Bestaurant, corner of Bayicy and Lefroy streets, the complete plant of a large restaurant, including tables, chairs, crockery, cutlery, lamps and kitchen utensils. 