PROSPECTORS AKD GLORY. .TO THE EDITOR OP THE.KALGOOBLIE MINEK Sir, — Mak-Howraw ! I have been watching him all along, Sir. He is irrepressible, invulnerable, unkillable, - a paradox whose vagaries are unparalleled from Lands End to John O'Groat's — from Cagliostre to where the uttermost bounds of the Kingdom of Pronuncia mento -kiss the wild waves of the Atlantic. He is the counterpart of his compatriot Highlanders, the Mack Farlanes, the Mackays, the Mack Howraws' formidable tartan warriors, who by their impetuous rush and' fiery dash scored the victory of Prestonpans and a host of others. Further proof of his nationality — he essayed to cut off his two adversaries with one swoop of his claymore. Just take a Scotchman from his hill, Clap in his head a Highland gill. ' ' . He'has na'e thought by how to kill ? Twa at a blow. But 'how are we to account for his in vulnerable prerogative ? His unkill- , abibility ? He perished not under 'the fire of H. Enderson's Martini-Henri. He is alive, though twice I emptied my quiver Upon him. Some of my deadly shafts winged with feathers plucked from the wings of his preposterous vanity. In the annals of the English and Scot tish wars occurs this remarkable passage and portrait of a great chief called Mak Howraw, who fell at the battle of Killiecranlde. 'The fighting in the pass was severe, and the c'avnage terrible. For a long time victory swayed to and fro in the balance with agonising un certainty, till at length the great chief tain, Mak Howraw, under General Graham's direction, charged the right wing of enemy, who broke up instan taneously, and fled- precipitately down the pass. In the moment of victory a musket ball from the trenches hit the chieftain in the throat. He staggered forward, eager to continue ' the fight, then thundering he fell,- and loud his armour rang.' ' But mark the portrait. 11 He had good' ability, great virtues, and such was his valor in the field and 'dexterity in debate that one were rash to face him without skill, and a trusty claymore in the one capacity, or without a .voluminous dictionary in the other. On the other hand, his powers Avere hampered by a preposterous vanity, an exalted opinion of his relative magnitude to surrounding personages. Instead of concentrating his intellect on his subjects in debate, he rarely got away from him self, and invariably dragged liis adver saries down to the. same level.' The analogy is complete. ' Heaven's mother send us grace.-'-, Yourcorrespondent is none other than' the great Mak-Howraw raised by a necromancer from the dead. I claim, Sir, your readers' profoundesj; commiseration engaged in snch a hope1 less contest. ' For Avhat chance is there for a warrior who 'drives his spears and arrows into a ghost.' Now for' some close reasoning. . i\ A. did not say that Hannan was not the discoverer of Kalgoorlie, ^nor.. Jerry McAnley of the Feather,! My Vords were — ' Bannan was the first io report officially Kalgoor lie, as was McAuley . the ? first to report the Feather, but whether they were the .first discoverers was .questionable,' more than F A. would .venture to say. Take your eye off 'your memory and place it on the letter. Had you this chance yon , would 'perhaps liken me to the\;son of Sheol, avIio first distorted and- then, quoted Scripture. Again 'Male disclaims having eA'er de nounced any one for attempting to burst up, the cement monopoly. -Now, I acquit him of evil intentions. He ? simply did not know the import or possible effect of his own words. He called the man- who did. the son of Sheol, recognising in' him van odious jumper. The fact that Mak did not apprehend his- drift is no argu ment .that he didn't do so : it might' be an extenuating circumstance if he were on trial for moral turpitiide. The cha'rge is indiscretion solely, for as a writer he ought to make himself acquainted with jbhe facts, and ,not, after' a superficial glance, gallop off into pvint.. Finally there is no occasion for piling glory on too thick on one or two- individuals — digger's are essentially inter-dependent, but if glory must be given at &U;, the prospectors, I hold- have first claim. Mak has a long letter in- against me. I could not attempt to answer more than the heading, ' A Feathered- Arrow Stuck in the Mud.' In Avhat other substance stuck in could your readers .expect to find a feathered arrow aimed ' at his fifth rib'? — I am,' etc, FEATHERED ARROW. ? Kanowna, January 1. s 