THEATRE AND MUSIC-HALL. The recent season of variety entertain- <*> ment at the Theatre Royal suggests once again the question why Adelaide can find no permanent home for amusement of this character. A city of its size might well support something of the kind, to which all travelling talent not of the orthodox dramatic type would naturally find its way, and it remains to be seen whether the Cyclorama in its new guise will fill the vacancy. The difference between theatre and music-hall is elsewhere well marked, though the tendency of late years has indeed been towards its oblitera- tion. To the home of drama one goes to see something in the nature of a story gradually unfolded upon the stage, and the process is necessarily a protracted one, involving close attention from the very beginning. The less pretentious house presents song and dance, with any other attractions of a varied character that may be in the market. It is true that nowa- days the so-called stage-play is too often itself made up chiefly of song and dance, loosely bound together by a half-hearted attempt to tell some connected story; this may be accepted as a reaction from the undue solemnity of the problem-play. Meanwhile, the restrictions that formerly bound the music-hall have been relaxed, and the dramatic sketches there produced have gradually grown longer, the result being, as already suggested, an approxi- mation in some cases between the two forms of entertainment. The public taste for light fare is so marked that in England, at any rate, there is no better investment than shares in the limited liability com- panies that control the leading music- halls. The official list of the London Stock Exchange bears witness that the Tivoli, Alhambra, and Pavilion have in turn all paid dividends ranging from 10 to 25 per cent., while several of the leading halls in the great provincial cities do the same. As for the Empire Palace, the fortunate original shareholders have re- ceived their capital several times over in dividends, and the shares were recently quoted at six times their face value. And this in spite of the enormously enhanced price placed upon their services by any comedians, or conjurers, or acrobats, who once catch the fancy of the public. Miss Cissy Loftus is currently reported to have been paid on about the same scale as a leading Cabinet Minister. At any rate, it appears that there is hardly any single management that can afford to pay the great remuneration that music-hall artists now expect, for an "exclusive engage- ment" is a rare thing. As a general rule the performer hurries from one hall to another in his private carriage, making on the way such changes of costume as may be necessary. A breach of contract case which lately came before Mr. Justice Hawkins brought out the fact that a girl of fifteen was able to earn £24 a week by appearing on three different stages every evening. As in every other profession, the prizes are dazzling enough, but the unidenified blanks are by far the most numerous. A curious commentary on the unequal dis- tribution of rewards was furnished by two lawsuits which chanced to be heard on the same day in London recently. In one the well-known dancer, Miss Sylvia Grey, succeeded in an action for her agreed re- muneration of £60 a week, although the piece in which she appeared had been a complete failure. In the other figured a lady who, according to the statement of her counsel, risked her life twice a day at the Royal Aquarium in a dive from the roof for the sum of twenty shillings a week. This suggests that the police of the British metropolis are somewhat re- miss in the discharge of their duties, but at any rate it is certain that roof-diving cannot be carried on without risk to limb or life. Yet the lady who deserted this occupation or the delights of pantomime was brought back to the hazardous life and the humble pay, and condemned in the costs of the action as well. From all which it would appear that parents who are hesitating between dancing and diving as a profession for their daughters would do well to give the preference to the former. On the other hand, too much of singing and dancing alone is apt to pall upon an audience, and the mistake usually made in Aus- tralia is in not providing enough of that variety which actually gave a name to the class of entertainment. It is just in this point that Mr. Rickards excels, and his recent season has been notable for rapid change of interest. Practical questions of licensing and insurance usually block the con- sumption of refreshments and to- bacco which after all most clearly distinguishes the music-hall, and mean- while a brief season at the Theatre Royal has served to present to Adelaide several artists of an established London reputation. It is a far cry from Macambo and the old school of character-delin and "quick change artists" to the light- ning-like Biondi and his great rival Fregoli, who appears to be at least as skilful. This kind of thing has lately been burlesqued very pleasantly in London by the Christy Minstrels there permanently established. The various characters appear from behind a screen with a promptness that presently becomes almost superhuman; and finally, when an overzealous one emerges before the last has quite disappeared, the secret is exposed ! There is of course no ques- tion as to the single-handed nature of Biondi's own performance, and there can now be no going back to the ancient de- liberate order of things. The lady who is known as Miss Peggy Pryde also intro- duces a delineation ofcharacter distinctly novel. The musical "coster" has for some years past held a leading place on the boards, and it is only fair that his mate should have her turn. A marked success has lately been made in London by Miss Louie Freear in characters generally speaking of the type of Dickens' "Marchioness," and the opportunity of the female low comedian has evidently arrived. There is so far one gratifying conclusion is the list of entertainments presented to Australian audiences. The spread of a taste for the horrible may be accepted as a sure mark of decadence, and it is not pleasant to find that the cult of the morbid is becoming almost as popular in London as in Paris. A lecture by the public hangman, now found a great at- traction, may be harmless enough, since the groundwork of it is formed less from details of his methods than from remi- niscences of celebrated criminals who have come under his hands. And it is perhaps a memory of the once popular "Pepper's Ghost" that is chiefly called up by a small exhibition where members of the audience, being induced to lie in a coffin, are seemingly reduced to skele- tons in the sight of their companions. Paris at present retains a monopoly of the restaurants which attract custom by reason of some morbid display. The Cabaret du Néant must surely rely on the support of foreign tourists and country visiters; for it is difficult to believe that anyone would care to experience twice the sensation of sitting upon a coffin and drinking beer out of an imitation skull. Nor is there anything obviously attrac- tive in the idea of the opposition house, called frankly L'enfer, where the waiters are attired in the conventional garb of Mephistopheles, and other artists give representations of the seven deadly sins. But the horrible sight of a man hanging by the neck, and apparently dead — this being no illusion, but a feat of endurance—has proved so popular that idea has been copied in London. Again, the familiar hypnotic subject in a trance must now repose at the bottom of a small shaft sunk in the floor of the hall, so that he may seem to be lyiing dead in his grave. It is difficult to imagine the bent of a mind that can take pleaaure in this kind of exhibition; but nothing is more cer- tain than that a taste for the morbid can be acquired, and that custom will cause disgust to be replaced by indifference, and even at last by a desire for more. From all such exhibitions as those described, as well as from the notorious "disrobing act" now nauralised in London, Aus- tralia's variety stage may well hope to be kept free. 