CORRESPONDENCE. In order that the public interest in The .Cross may be more widely extended, the cordial assistance of all members of the com munity who have either '? woo'd the divine muse ' or strayed into the equally fascinating paths of fiction is earnestly inrited. Contribu tions, whether in rhyme, blank verse or prose — whether the record of actual occurrences, or the outcome of a live'y imagination — will be thankfully received. If accepted, they will be inserted on the first opportunity compatable wun securing as varied an assortment of reading ma'ter as possible for this paper. All MS. must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. Answers to Communications Re ceived,— *'Jap.' — Your attention is directed to the second paragraph above. If y»u comply, we will publish 'The Dead Past.' *'E. C.'— Poem not suitable. 'Rambler.' — We want short stories. Have not space for yours, which would run into three columns. '? Gardener.'— The Caimm Irrigation Trust meets monthly at Keysborough. Mr T. Ward-Chalmers writes :— I very seldom take notice of anonymous letters; but as your correspondent — 'One who is proud of onr State Schools '—has, on the whole, treated my little series of sketches. «''.**?-. ^^w uwhiii ,m ^^iw^a, EaUJCT KWQJy than otherwise ; permit me 'to point gu» Ihe ludicrous error into which he has fall n, vi., by identifying ihe author's opinion with those of Ih- puppets hr has «voked from memories of old times for the annulment til your readers My anonymous friend might as reasonably accuse me 'f believing in ghosts or of disbeieving in the work doneby missionaries. But, as a memh-rof the Brighton *choo! Board of Ad nee, I will ask ton, sir, ;o peimd me 10 give to my const luente, thr ugh your columns, my own views on the vrxed and much -debated question of Bible reading in State schools. Firstly— I thoroughly believe that a religious education is as much a necessity to every child in Victoria (I do not mean State school children only) as any other lessons they can team to fir them for the battle af life. -econrHy— After exhaustive enquiries here, and with my English experience in Board Schools to help me, I hare come to the deliberate conclusion 'that ft would be a mis take to make the Holy Bible ehnply a lesson or task book. For these reasons our teachers, of whom, both male and female, we ought to be proud, as they do their work splendidly and conscientiously, have their own different places cf worship and would have thrir own ideas of the interpretation of any passage of Scripture. I really forget how many different denominations there are in Victoria, but X do oot think that, say, a Baptist father would care about having bis children -taught the third chapter of St. Matthew's gospel by a Roman Catholic teacher, alihougb, curiously enough, there is only one word of difference between the authorised version and ihe Douay. For another reason I most thoroughly object to making the sacred writings a lesson book to be learned by rote. I very well remember, although it is forty years ago, one hot summer afternoon when, instead of going bathing, I had 10 stay in a sultry classroom until I had finished copying out in Greek the third chapter of St. Paul's Epistle . to the Hebrews. I bated Greek Testament lessons ever after wards. The 'School Papers,' issued by authority of the Eduction Department, and taught in all State schools, contain, to my mind, even more ol the great moral item; on which religion is founded than even the Irish National School Books. What could be better for a child to commit to memory than Longfellow's ' Psalm of life ' or Hamlet's Soliloquy, ' The Lord's Prayer ' or the ' Ser mon on the Mount.' These are only subordi nate, however, and means to an end. To my mind, a vast amount of responsibility rests on the parents, and Sunday School teachers also. Tbe Education Department is sowing the moral seed ; it is for the various churches to nurture it and gather in the increase. 