THE SIREN. By L. T. MEADE, Author of "The Medicine Lady," "A Soldier of Fortune," "Scamp and I," "A Life for 'a Love," "Daddy's Boy," "The Honorable Miss," "Heart of Gold," "Dr. llumsey's Patient," &c.;, &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapteii I.—(Continued.J Colonel Nugent was as kind, as generous, as affectionate and good to his lialt'-sister and her daughter as man could be. Lady O'Brien had a delightful time in his house, being mistress of his servants, entitled to order his dinners, to use his carriage and to help herself to a considerable amount of his property ; but all the same, as far as his iunermost thoughts ■were concerned, as far as his real life went, she lived outside his existence. She did not know this and he was too full of tact to allow her ever to perceive it. She was fond of telling her friends that she alone in all the world understood her somewhat eccentric brother. "He is the dearest old fellow," she would say, "the most perfect gentleman—he quite Bpoils Wilmot and myself—but then we are such friends, have been so, he and I, all our lives ; heart to heart we are as one. It is de lightful the confidences he gives me. Dear, dear George—his love is warmly returned. I believe I could die for liim and so could my -dear little Wilmot." • As the friends to whom Lady O'Brien made this confidence knew only too well that there was that in the speaker which would make it impossible for her to die for anyone they were apt on such occasions to smile and turn their faces aside. For it needed but half a glance to be all but certain that Golonel Nugent was scarcely likely to open his heart to anyone, but if ever he did so it would not be to his frivolous sister, Lady O'Brien. Now when her footsteps were heard retreat ing the colonel crossed his room and turned the key in the lock. "I must have this morning to myself," he muttered. Then he sank down into his favorite chair and taking the letter, the con tents of which had worried him so consider ably at breakfast, out of his pocket read it slowly over again. Its contents were brief and ran as follows:— " Hotel de l'Europe, "Moscow. " My dear Nugent— "I have something to say which will startle you considerably. I have just come across your long-lost daughter. She has been brought up, I am sorry to say, in a perfect nest of Nihilists, and from wnat I given to under stand nas imbibed all sorts of extraordinary socialistic tendencies. All the same she is a strikingly nandsome girl, with much indi viduality ana cnaracter, She has a certain look of that old portrait of your mother, too, which, you remember, you showed me the last time I was in London. I had a long inter view with her yesterday and enclose here with a paper containing evidence of her birth—there is not the least doubt that she is poor Katanne's daughter, as the enclosed chain of evidence will show you. It might be well for you, Nugent, to come straight out here, and if you will wire me to that effect I will wait at this hotel until you join me—we might then consider what is best to be done. Your prognostications, my dear old friend, have turned out strangely correct. How often have 1 laughed at you when you assured me that you were certain Xatarine's child lived and that some day you would find her. I was equally persuaded that the infant must have died at birth, but behold you are right and I am wrong. A fine, handsome girl, above the average in every sense of the word, waits to be claimed by her affectionate father. "This will reach you 011 the 10th, and if you start at once you can be here on the 13th or 14th. We can then consider'our plans. "Yours, my dear fellow, " Sincerely, "Edward Scarsdale." "Good God 1" muttered the colonel to himsef, "after all these years. Am I glad or am I sorry ? It is impossible to say at this present moment. Of one thing 1 am resolved—neither Nellie nor Wilmot must learn anything of this at present. I must see that child and soon. 'To think that 1 have a grown-up daughter whom I have never yet laid eyes on is quite enough to stagger even the sanest of men. 1 cannot rest until the whole thing has been made piaiu to me. This evidence is certainly conclusive—the date of birth, followed imme diately by poor Katarine's death. Ah ! that miserable time, liow the ghost of it rises up before me now ! My God, what a fool I was, aud yet how madly, how madly I loved her. If her child is like her I shall love her also ; and yet, God help me, I trust she may be dif ferent in some ways. Brought up as a Nihilist did he say? With the strongest Socialistic tendencies. I perceive that in my old age I am about to be plunged into water hot enough to scald me. Well, I must not shirk the inevitable, and I shall start. for Moscow to-night. As this last thought came to the colonel he got up, thrust the letter into his breast pocket, and leaving the study crossed the hall pre paratory to going out. He intended to send a telegram immediately to the Hotel de l'Europe, Moscow." As he was putting on liis hat Lady O'Brien, who heard his step on the oak floor of the hall, tripped out of her little boudoir. "I was so sorry you could not see me, dear George, when I came to your door that time," she said. 1 was particularly engaged, INellie, or 1 should of course have attended to you." was his reply. "But I came on business." "1 can see you when I come in ; I must go out now." "You look worried, my dear old man; is there anything the matter ?" "Nothing. Why do you ask?" "I cannot quite tell you, only at breakfast you iiad a letter." "Helen, you know what I have told you already with regard to my letters. You are welcome to this house and to all that it con tains, but my letters are my own; I hope you understand." "Good gracious ! Of course I do, George, particularly when you look at me with such an awfully stern face. Did not I know that you were quite the most good- natured, good-humored old fellow in the world I should be quite alarmed. But I would be the very last to trouble you. I understand you, George—few better; you are good, very good; you have not a bit of real fierceness in you. Yes, of course you must go out and I won't say another word about that naughty letter—no, not another word. Wilmot would scold me if I did. Why, Wilmot, dear child, looks upon you just as If you were her real father." " Quite right, she is a good girl," said tho colonel. "Now don't keep me any longer, for I am in a hurry." " But you'll be in to lunch ?" "I cannot say, I may be. By-the-way, Helen, I shall be leaving town to-night for two or three days." " Indeed ! Are you going to the Paddock ?" "No." "And you won't tell me?" As Lady O'Brien spoke she cocked her head a little to one side, putting on the airs of a very vivacious robin. The colonel looked steadily at her and was silent. "Shall you be long away, you dear, mysterious old creature ?" "I cannot say." "To-night you saying you are going?" " To-night, and I have much to do, so don't keep me. any longer. Good-bye for the present." I The colonel took up his walking-stick and left the house. 