Vanity Fair. (By Busy Bee.) * * * Wednesday's races were well patronised for an "off" day, more especially since it was noticeable for stinging dry heat, which was almost blistering in its intensity. The basement was found a far more inviting situation than the stand, and it was surprising how quickly the upper portion of the building was vacated immediately after each race. The tea-rooms were in almost continuous occupation throughout the day, and the waiters and waitresses hurried around with an expression which denoted that another such warm and busy day would put them in the first stage of fever. * * * The vice-regal box did not present its customary stiff and formal air, for the obvious reason that the official heads of society were absent and the box was given over to Miss Smith, who had Mrs. Money and Miss Phillips with her in order to observe the proprieties, and these three were again guarded by the new A.D.C. and the inevitable private secretary. * * * It was quite a pleasant change from the severely dignified and pompous attitude usually taken up by the occupants of the vice-regal seats, to note the gay tripping up and down the private stairway to the reception rooms in the basement, and the rolling eye of Lieut. Haig as he faced about to descend the steps, took in in one comprehensive glance the numerous well-dressed girls on the stand. * * * Miss Smith wore a frock of fawn and white striped canvas, with pale green silk sash, and a large white hat with ostrich tips; roses and chiffon as trimming. Mrs. Money's gown was of ficelle batiste, the bodice covered with ficelle guipure; toreador hat, with white and pink chiffon and flowers. Miss Phillips was in a white hailstorm muslin frock, the collar and waist-belt being of white satin; green fancy straw hat trimmed with mignonette and chiffon. * * * Lasy Lee Steere's violet silk gown was trimmed jewejlpd passementerie, and her pansy bonnet was en suite. * * * One of the most beautiful gowns noticed was worn by Mrs. T. R. Byas, of Roebourne. It was of chocolate, colored satin de Lyons, the skirt to the knee being overlaid with most exquisite cream lace, giving the appearance of silk em broidery; the bodice was trimmed with the same. * * * Mrs. H. Osborne, also from Roebourne wore an effective and dainty costume of apple-green bengaline, with white, hat adorned with pink roses and white chiffon. * * * Mrs. Fred. Monger wore a pearl grey chene silk, stylishly made, and a burnt-straw hat with white ostrich plumes ; white parasol. Mrs. A. W. Hassell had on white striped India muslin over shrimp-pink silk ; gem hat of Tuscan straw, with pink chiffon rosettes ; lace fichu on bodice of the dress. Mrs. Foulkes (Cottesloe) wore a gown of black and white check silk trimmed with black ribbon velvet ; Tuscan, , hat with black plumes. Mrs. E. T. Hooley was in a black silk skirt with mauve silk bodice, much trimmed with narrow lace; floral bonnet. Mrs. E. E. Darlot was very simply dressed in striped drill coat and skirt, with white vest; white hat, with black chiffon and ostrich tips. * * * Mrs. A. Harding wore white muslin with lace fichu; large black straw hat, the high crown encircled with a fluting of white chiffon, and violets clustering on the brim as well as under it ; and Mrs. Clilton was in a grey tailor-made costume with white gem hat. Mrs. Jenkins wore a frock of white muslin trimmed with lace, and a violet and black silk sash; black hat with violet silk poppies. Mrs. T. M. Snook had on fawn lustre skirt, canary-silk blouse, and stylish terra-cotta pink hat, with flowers and chiffon trimming. * * * Mrs. Handran Smith's gown was of black and [wbite] figured grenadine, the bodice trimmed with black chiffon ; white hat with two handsome white ostrich feathers laid along the brim-one on each side—while in front was placed a gilded gauze butterfly bow. * * * Mrs. J. J. Desmond wore a gown of canary and white striped muslin, the skirt trimmed with insertion; white hat, with yellow roses and chiffon. Mrs. Valentine had on a pale lilac and white floral muslin frock, with white lace frills on the bodice; large white hat trimmed with frills of accordeon-pleated chiffon. Mrs. W. W. Berry wore a cream silk blouse, with insertions of butter lace, black silk skirt, and burnt straw hat with roses and tips. * * * Mrs. Tom Brown had on a faille colored surah silk costume, black and white plumes in a white hat. Mrs. Abbott was in white pique skirt, with salmon pink silk blouse and rose toque. Mrs. Drummond's gown was of black merv, with chiffon vest ; white gem hat ; and Mrs. Thomas was in striped muslin blouse, black skirt and white hat. * * * Mrs. G. C. Greenham wore a pretty costume in pale blue lawn, made with Eton coat, white collar and revus, white vest, leghorn hat with white plumes. Amongst visitors from the fields were Mr. and Mrs. R. B.Pell, Mrs. Cumbrae Stuart ; also, fromKalgoorlie, Mrs. O'Mehan, who wore a gown of cinnamon brown merv, with shot silk sleeves, and white toreador hat, with black plumes and pink roses; while from Guildford came Mrs. Hiscox, the latter wearing a gown of pale blue figured silk and grey plumed hat. Mrs. J. J. Shumm wore a gown of white tam- bourn muslin, with pale green silk sash, white hat wish cream bows and birds' wings. * * * Mrs. G. W. Jones had on a handsome gown of black grenadine over. blue silk, with vest of blue chiffon; Leghorn hat with black chiffon and roses. Miss Hooley wore a stylish frock of white hail shower muslin, with lace and insertions; black sash, and gold straw hat trimmed with black chiffon and white wings. Miss Strickland looked fresh and nice in white muslin over pale green silk slip; green toreador hat, with pink roses, green chiffon and white tips. Miss May Strickland's frock was of dark blue and white figured foulard silk, with bodice made of white silk, white hat massed with roses. * * * Miss Gwen Monger wore a blouse of China blue figured silk trimmed with lace, black lustre skirt, and burnt straw hat with white ostrich feathers. Miss Marmion was picturesque in peach-colored broche skirt, white silk blouse, pretty sash and early Victorian bonnet in burnt straw, clustered with roses and ostrich plumes ; stylish pink striped parasol. Misses Madge and Ethel Marmion wore white dotted muslin, and pink and black costume, respectively. Miss Wigglesworth wore a cream costume and hat to match; Miss Ethel Wigglesworth, white hailshower mus- lin with white hat; Miss Towton, white dotted muslin over pink silk slip, white hat trimmed with pink chiffon and roses. * * * Miss Burt, white hailstorm muslin, white hat with roses; Miss B. Hooley white embroidered liberty silk frock, white moire sash, and white hat with chiffon and plumes; Miss Brown was in white and pink striped batiste, with white gem hat; Miss Durgan, blue striped muslin and sailor hat; Miss Kennedy, black lustre skirt and pink silk blouse with butter lace, Manilla hat with Tam o' Shanter crown pink bows and roses; Miss A. Kennedy, green and white striped batiste frock, white silk sash and white sailor collar, large burnt straw hat, with crimson double stock, black wings and chiffon; Miss Hickling, black and white striped silk gown stylishly made, black chiffon vest and frills, large hat with plumes, roses and chiffon as trimming. * * * Miss Lee Steere wore black silk skirt, floral silk blouse and hat adorned with roses; Mrs. Albert Clarke, Mrs. A. H. Loton, Miss Burt, Miss Oriole, Miss Dillon Miss Lippold, Misses Carrol and Miss Boyle, were all appropriately dressed for such a hot and dusty day. Mrs. Jack Edols, looked stylish in a black tailor made costume with white vest and white sailor hat; Miss Bell of Fremantle wore a pretty gown of apple green spotted muslin, the shoulder capes being trimmed with white edgings, white belt, green fancy straw hat with red roses; Mrs. George Jones (Miss Ettie Williams) wore a pretty frock of white liberty silk, flounced with lace, white hat, trimmed with heliotrope satin ribbon and white plumes. * * * At St. Albans Church Highgate a quiet wedding was celebrated on the 6th inst. between Mr. C. S. Yeates of the Observatory staff, and Miss Kate Hinckley, second daughter of Mrs Hinckley of Highgate, formerly of Needwood, Narracoorte, S. A. The Rev. f. J. Price officiated, and, the Bride presented a pleasing appearance dressed in a handsome gown of white corded silk, made with square train, the bodice arranged with white chiffon frills and sprays of orange blossom. A wreath and tulle veil with a pretty shower bouquet of white blossoms completed the orthodox bridal toilette. Misses May and Amy Hinckley, acted as bridesmaids, and wore white liberty silk frocks, white hat's trimmed with white chiffon ostrich tips and green silk poppies. They also carried bouquets tied with pink streamers. Refreshments were served to the guests at the residence of the bride's mother, at the conclusion of the ceremony, and shortly afterwards, the newly wedded couple departed amid the good wishes of their assembled friends. The going away dress was of electric blue beige with white silk vest, hat en suite. * * * From New York comes an up todate idea in regard to avenues of em ployment for girls, which is to make a verger of her. A pretty girl in black frock, and white muslin apron, fichu, cap and cuffs, may be seen in fashionable 'houses of God," her duty being to show people to their seats, hand round hymn-books, and attend particularly to strangers. She has all the church information at her finger ends, and will give polite answers to all questions relating thereto. She is also a kind of altar vestal, and arranges the flowers and ornaments in the church. This notion is kindly suggested to the Bishop of Perth, as it would doubtless increase the attendance at the Cathedral, where strangers are usually neglected. * * * The Mayor is making arrangements to hold a reception at the Town Hall on the 27th, when it is anticipated there will be a great crush, as Mayoral functions are always popular, and are usually noted for more than ordinary hospitalities. It is to be hoped that the day will not be too warm, since an afternoon crush within such a building as the Town-hall when the thermometer is well up to the century, would be a trying ordeal. * * * How lovely would be a moonlight reception on a green lawn, with the trees around, hung with colored lanterns, and a string band discoursing operatic music on the colonnade ? * * * Cray-fishing and crab-catching is a pastime much delighted in by the goldfields visitors to Perth. They love to be about the waterside, and are never weary of the beautiful scenery of the picturesque Swan. * * * One of the most agreeable ways in which to spend an idle day is to get up a nice little launch party and steam about the river, between Perth and Melville water, and around by Osborne. The glimpses of the city in the distance, and the mirrored pictures in the water, with its lovely colors of amethyst, and green and blue, are worthy the brush of a Turner, and are a pure joy to any one who possess the artistic temperament. Mr and Mrs W. T. Forster, of CooIgardie. arranged a launch party last Friday, when over a dozen ladies and gentlemen thoroughly enjoyed a day on the water with an hour at Atterdale, in which to enjoy a capital lunch, and another hour at Osborne for afternoon tea, after which there was a pleasant run home. * * * Mrs Foulkes, of Cottesloe Beach, intends shortly to re-visit England. * * * Dr. Crewdson Benington, and Mrs and Miss Benington, are staying the summer months at Cottesloe. They have taken up their residence in Forrest-road, and the folks in the neighhood will doubtless thoroughly appreciate the proximity of the clever medico and the bright sociability of his charming household. Gov. Smith Has "got tFe huff * over the Masonic 'shivoo. Jerry generally manages to get huffed with everybody, from stationmasters upwards, with whom he comes in contact. Or if he doesn't get huffed with them they get huffed with him, so it's all the same. In omitting to send him a special invitation the Masons showed themselves more desirous of maintaining the ancient dignity of their order than of grovelling to a puppet-Governor—which is a healthy way for any lodge to feel, and a ood sign in these rotten times. Who is f mith, anyhow? As Governor of this colony he would command a certain amouut of respect if he were not so much like an oyster, and not so solicitous about his puking dignity; but in a lodge which existed when Babylon was young he is, figuratively, nothing but a worm—in fact, plain Smith. And then the elephantine way iu which he explains his position :—"He declares, in the first place, that he was the representative of Her Majesty, who is the titular head of the order, and he is also a senior member of the Grand Lodge iu this colony, which should have entitled him to different treatment. In the second place, he was interested in Freemasonry, and believed the blunder to be due probably only to gross ignorance and carelessness, and he thought it should be reported to the proper quarter, and that steps should be taken to prevent anything of the kind recurring iu future. Thirdly, he believed that, divesting himself of the character of the representative of the titular head of the craft in the colony, and of that of Governor of this colony, the interest which he had always taken in the work of Fremasonry in West Australia, had "entitled him to expecb a different attitude being adopted towards him. He would certainly represent' the matter in its proper light to the Grand Lodge in England, where, no doubt, something would be done to set right such things for the future. It was his own opinion that strong effort would be required if English Freemasonry was to be saved, to do its work, and occupy its proper place in the colony. Until the District Grand Lodge had been placed upon a proper footing ne should 'feel himself constrained to absent himself from all communication with the District Grand Lodge." O, upright judge! 0, conscientious representative of the Empire! You are going to play the tattler and the sneak. You are going to report them to the head lodge, and you think the thing is going to the devil because it omitted to grovel to you. Pah ! You are not fit to govern a parish poorhouse. Fancy the head Mason of all—Wales—whining like that! A few such blunders would wipe royalty off the face of the earth. The Boers and their justice. Ouitlander writes:—The other day a miner owing £200 who appeared in the Bankruptcy Court to suffer an examination, and admitted receiving a weekly wage of a precarious nature, was mulcted in paying £2 a week to his creditors, whilst a "magnate " owing a small sum approaching half a million sterling, had to go through a trifling examination, which elicited that his pres6ut income amounted to' £1,450 pei k annum. When the naughty opposing solicitOr endeavoured to secure some of it -for the poor creditors? he was laughed to ! scorn ! The court would have none of it, as it would be tantamount to a punishment to the unfortunate debtor, and avail little to the crei^t6Y& -.l^he«court considered great sym- H • shown to the bankrupt in Mis: urifbrjtitiaji©. circumstances; Contrast the two cjistfa v ine 4nnk« sbiall beers, the bthgr chatepagnei 'fi^uentfl the Governors garden ^rti^^ ^ndiU'res tiNi fine house With be^utifdl surroundings, of which his Wife ik the lucky ;4>^er. %taL " Go in big lickfiy arid' ri^yer mind the consequen<tes." ; ' - • ! ; ^Jblch top^ place li^j^ iji Alabama, A^ebows which the wu& %atred l b6t\veen whuselr4uid' negroes Has" reachecf:—WillTam Ellis, ' cotton planter, tortured to death a negro named Coot King, accused of committing a fiendish assault on his daughter, a beautiful girl of 18. A party of neighbors had captured the negro, who declared he would lynch the brute himself, and refused all oflers of assistance. After keeping the negro a elose prisoner all day, Ellis finally led him to a swamp, tied him to a tree, then seizing a gun, fired charge after charge of buckshot into his body, each time avoiding a vital spot. The tortured negro skrieked with agony as the blood poured from his gaping wounds, and vainly begged for death. When his victim became unconscious Ellis fired a fin-J. charge, killing the wretch, whose body was then thrown into the swamp to serve as carrion. A large crowd witnessed the awful tragedy. Kiug's brothers are trying to create an uprising among the negroes, and the whites are grealy alarmed, and fe^r trouble. The goldfields press is beginning'to show ghastly gaps in its ranks. The Miner's Bight (Boulder) has temporarily ceased issue, the '1 "othersider has gone tfotlierside of Jordan, and Norseman^ two fiery and enterprising sheets have been rolled into one. Several other goldfields papers have been reduced in size. Tennyson, notoriously, with Victor Hugo, a hard nut for publishers to crack, received about £6600for "TheHoly Grail," and • is said to have been in receipt of £10,000 a year from the Macmiilans during the last few years of his life. Yet another "poet," essentially of the minor kind, Mr. Moody, of hymning fame, has been paid at least £250,000'in royalties. Christian Rosetti left £13*000, Browning nearly £17,000. Mrs. Henry Wood, whose " East Lynne " was for so many years only issued in a dear edition, and whose stories with ghosts in them had a tremendous vogue, saved £36,000. Dickens left £100,000, having earned £10,000 by "David Copperfield," and £24,000 with -'Our Mutual Friend." Scott got for " Waverley," the , authorship of which he so long denied, £700, but for his " Life of Napoleon " he fras paid £18,000, and he is computed to have earned, by writing, no less than £375,000. Trollopeleft £75,000, and Lytton £80,000, as the result of their novel writings ; Louisa Alcott is said to have received £20.000 for the "Little Women " series ; and Victor Hugo left property in England alone to the value of £92, 000\. More modern writers earn even more than thiB, perhaps. Kipling, the best paid of them, is said to have refused payment for oems he recently contributed to "The ¥imes," but he was paid £150 each for his " Barrack Room Ballads," and only a year or two ago refused a New York offer of a thousand dollars for a thousand words descriptive of British liability to attack— which shows his value as a writer, because Kipling is no authority on military or naval questions. Du Maurier was paid £10,000 for " The Martian," Conan Doyle about the same for "Rodney Stone," Stevenson's executors £3,000 for "Weir of Hermiston,"and the report toes that Alphonse Daudet made no less than £40,000 out of " Sappho." History and criticism and "style' 7 also have their golden rewards, for though Pater only left £2500, Ruskin is receiving about £4000 a year, >and Kinglake, one of the monumental historians of the century, had £10,500 to leave when he died. The Western papers fire beginning tp vi£w Japan's activity in navy building with amassment. A generation ago.she had literaUy nd navy. Even at the beginning ofherllast wftrwithChina, hermodern efluipmeht Was ctin%ed altnosts ^jt^usively to'® half dozen jfcarmored ^Mrs'-the f&ft;'ut /their- cWTto be Sfteen fetoritibats. £heA ar brought'tn«w$^u£fetan- M0i idditfons^o 1»er she lesSthan forty-ejjriib SQpftingveaaels hi . commission, inclHOiilg two fltst-oiasB *1mttlr-ghipB-of712,^00" tonB each. These* figures are not so imposing absolutely considered except as an evidenee of quick growth; but the additional modern warvessels that Japan is building in England, Germany, and the United States are of such magnitude and excellent construction that Mr Charles A. Cramp, our own famous shipbuilder, pronounces Japan's progress to be more notable than that of any other country in the world except England. No less than fifteen sea-going vessels and twentyfour torpedo and gunboats are in course of construction in the finest shipyards of the world. Four of there are battle-ships, three of 14,800 tons and one of 10,000 tons; five are first-class armored cruisers of 9,600 tons, and three more are fleet protected cruisers of the commerce-destroying class, with a speed of 23 knots. When these vessels are finished there will be no doubt concerning the predominant naval Power in the Pacific. Russia and the United States will be so far in the rear of the active little island that their Pacific squadrons will not be worthy the name of navies. For not only will the tonnage of the Japanese navy be the first in the East, but every vessel will be modern ; she will have the most homogeneous and thoroughly equipped fleet in the world, not excepting any. If any of the political uestioris of the Pacific are to be decided Sirectly or indirectly by force, Japan is certainly at present the coming Power, with a brilliant lead over her Russian and American neighbors. In Edmund Kean's time at Drury Lane Theatre £32,642 12s 6d was taken in 68 nights. Macklin, " The Jew that Shakespeare drew," earned thousands for his Shylock and his Sir Pertinax Macsycopliant. Sheridan's " Pizarro," one of the weakest of tragedies, brought in £5000 per week for five weeks in London. More recently great fortunes have been made out of " Charley's Aunt" and " The Sign of the Cross;" Sardou has received £62.000 for the right to stage only four of his dramas in the United States; Mr. Hertry Arthur Jones has been paid £8000 for rights over "The Masqueraders" in the Great Republic; Mr. Sydney Grundy has made £15,000 out of the performances by one company of "Sowing the Wind;" Miss Marie Lloyd, a music-hall singer, has netted £1100 out of one benefit in South Africa; music-hall performers in this country have been paid salaries running as high as £120 a week a piece; and In New York one "turn" done for Messrs. Weber and Fields was authentically reported to cost not less than £40 per night. The Governor's Residence, Rottnest. 