HE WAS HAUNTED. Fisher's ghost has been laid, to the regret of thoso who have cherished him as a winter story for the firoside. Ho is no longer belieyed to sit on ton of a three-railed fence as a clue to the dis- covcry of h,fs bones in a. stagnant pool. But there is a man ia tho Glebe, Sydney," who was'liaunted L by a spectre which never left him. It- was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in .thq \- . d«tk and- silent watches of tne night :t clung to \- him, and he'begari to look upouit as a fearful part \- of.Jiimsolf until his. time would como to enter into ...the spirRland. It was a grim and' horrible e'x- ' jJeriebce/undairUis days and nights wero spent ; rif trying to solye the enigma of its presence, -Mid the way that fie coqld lay'it, as tliey had' laid ; Fisher's ghost. The worst of the matter was that it was invisible to all but himself : ho was worse than ; haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved '.o givo him paiit. At length the means were .given to him free himself of its hateful presence, and he describes his laBt fight with it to our 'representative who waited upon him at 86 Bridge- road, Glebe. — " For the past eight years,.1' said Mr. Wm. Burko, shoemaker, '! havo endured vory much from constipation and piles ; no mcdi- ; ; cine seemed to, do me good. At night I could not ; sleep, and by day I was' too drowsy to do my work, Nothing I took could free me of pain,' until I took Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and now I cap say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of "litem. I am a better man to-day- than I have been for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills cure such cases. They aro a positivo cure for liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, indiges tion, dyspepsin, constipation, foul breath, sallow complexions, ann a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, and all skin diseases. As a woman 8 best friend they stand alone. Sold ,hy chemists and storekeepers, price, Is. lid. per bottle, or six bottles,. 6.».> ' If unable to procure where you'reside, The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-strcot, Sydney, will forward samo upon receipt of price. Every one will realise tho fact that tneGreat Cash Sale at Victoria House Yass,! is a gonuine one. 