IN PASSING. BY' "Tire RurIv?e." A lone man living not far off had a sad shock to his nervous system recently. He sleeps alone and is a shy man in company and loves solitude. He awoke at the solemn midnight hour one night lately, to find a tall, bony, spectral female pervad ing his room and looming up before him like a memory of the past. Before the man could emit the usual wild cry and cover up his face from the impertinent gaze of his visitor, she had stepped out of the window and faded' into the cir cumnambient darkness. She took with t her various portable articles of value be- I longing to the lone man who congratu- 1 lates himself on having preserved his life. c The visitor was not a spook ; she was a female burglar, and got in at the window E by means of a ladder. This horrid fact tends to darken the lot of the poor i bachelor. The writer of this, who is a coy, bald bachelor, now plugs up the key hole, locks his window, and looks under the bed every night before retiring. The utter unreasonableness and lack of originality exhibited by the common or garden suicide has long been a source of grievance to the blue eyed orphan who dashes off these notes. When a man dis covers that this earth is too cramped for tree elbow play, and makes up his mind to leave for other and warmer climes, he usually adopts the uncleanly mode of shooting jagged holes in his head with' a revolver, or cutting elongated wounds-in his thorax with a razor, methods which 'not only soil the bedroom draperies and stain the pile carpet, thus entailing un necessary work on the sorrowing relatives, but is a shock to those of asthetic tastes. h:owever, early this`sek'deciidrd'to striike, out. for glory by newer--methods,[ and accordingly he hung a large bran bag around has neck, and having filled it with a hundred weight of bricks, he walked cheerily out into the pellucid waters of the Yarra, and was among' the angels in no timiie. This is a 'meritorious system and can be recommended, not only on account of cleanliness, ,but economy as well. The bricks can always be fished up and used again, and much expense generally, saved to the deceased's relatives. The writer trusts `that it' will speedily become Spopular."' '. ' On Thursday morning last a West Footecrisy housewife put'the fish in the Soven to bake, and left the 'door ajar to prevent its burning while she stepped I across the way to discuss the scandal. At that moment:a goat of the billy brand t sauntered along just in the nick of time, and lured onward by the savoury odour 3 of: onion dressing, he crossed 'the I threshold, and drawing out the fish on to the floor, 'devoured the lot. He next proceeded to the bedroom .where 'the s lady's outfit, lay spread 'out on the bed, and despatched most of it with ease and grace. The sceht of cheese attracted his olfactory, and in' order to procure'it he I swallowed the mouse trap, which, when 3 sprung, 'gave his profile a.'distended ap 3 pearance. Some tissue paper roses and 'a few sea shells fornmed 'a dainty dessert, and .Williamni stood placidly chewing the remains of ad 8-inch wax image when the r lady entered. 'As she approached the a house she was greeted with the odour of \- onion as it filled the cottage and floated out on the breeze The goa also floated 3 through the 'window at the same time, and a look of despair crept over the lady's pallid features as she saw 'him disappear f down the road with her Sunday hat fad ing out of sight down his gullet. SThe test' matches. hIave roused ' the 'dormant 'cricketing' proclivities of the nation into a state bordering on frenzy, and everybody is straining a nerve to feel Iinterested; even those who never saw a "full pitcher" in their lives, and S wouldn't know it from a "lob" if they did. The harp please: f Whoop I Hurrah I we've licked the lion, ,I Bowled him out and laid.himlow.~,..,. iSet the'flagq?andcolre y's fiyin'. " .• a We've' whipped the earth, we'd have you S know.. Seven countries sing our praises, Wd ealth. its silk belltopper raises, In our honor genius phrases, Rousing verses to our worth. t Shout and dance a double shuffle, s Paint the bloomin' city red. e Saint and sober persons ruffle, t We have won'the fateful scuffle, And we've got a swollen head. There is a married couple living in a suburb who still believe in the existence of ghosts, snd whose lives are filled with fear and bitterness in consequence. They ire a timid pair, and theawhistling of the night winds 'through the keyhole fills them with a nameless' dread, and as a result they are constantly changing their residence, believing the houses to be haunted. A stray cow entered their yard cue night recently and scratched itself against a corner of the house,'causing the old weatherboard structure to shiver; and they packed up and cleared out next day.under the impression that the place was marked by murderers, and shifted into a wooden house that stood about four feet from' the ground on piles. In an evil moment the wife told the baker boy of their horrible experience, and a couple of'nights after the latter gathered his pals together and they crawled under Sneath the house and tapped mysteriously Sat the flooring just beneath the couple's Sbedroom, and occasionially gave a mighty thuinp which brought cold, clammy beads of perspiration out all over the victims and'made their heaits beat 'at a dreadful rate. ."After a bit,.the husband got a spade 'and went out and challenged the Sspoolai in a 'scared voice to come forth, but none came. They removed into another house next day, and the baker boy and his unates are busy planning some fresh ghostly olitrage. .The husband is, of dourse. unaware of the truth, and as he is one of several misguided individuals Swho do not read the Issdependemmt, the secret still holds good. A tan colored horse attached to one of "Punshon's delivery carts, displayed a r mutinous spirit last Thursday afternoon, 'ind'sit-e'adfastly refused to move from the front of the premises, even when ad dressed ii sweet, soothing tones. The Seqiuine quadruped fixed a baleful and hateful gaze upon the driver, and with a Sdefiant snort proceeded to conduct itself Sin contravention of laws laid down and provided for the disciplining of all respect able gee-gees. He rose on his hind legs, and several sober witnesses are even pre pared to swear that helaughed atiiumph ant horse laugh as he flourished his hoofs in the southerly breeze and generally Splayed the dickens. After the driver had sworn at him-I really believe that in dividual swore--rind stirred him up in various ways, the nag apparently relented of his ruffianly conduct, and commenced to "get a move on" as the Yank would say ; but instead of travelling in the orthodox fashion, he went backwards. As a matter of fact he went backwards with the cart in front as it were to such an ex tent that one of Mr Gus Oakley's veran dah posts gave promise of being de molished. At a critical moment, when the verandah seemed doomed, the hlorsey villian caught the appealing eye of Mr .McPheeoo, and whether from remorse or fear-not being a horse phronologist I cannot say which-that horse straightened up immediately and went on his way quite nicely. It is stated that this is'the first time that the tan horse has been led astray, and Mr IdMcPheo's explanation is that the animal hlas alhtaya been accus tomed to being loaded up from the back gate, and not being used to the inquisitive gaze of the public, his nervousness over came his discretion. Hence the trouble. N.B.-Since the above was written, I am informed that the horse is a she-horse. This will, of course, account for her damphoolishnees. 