THE LOVER'S QUEST. By ERNEST GLANVILLB, Author of "Tho Lost Holrees," "The Fossicker," "A Fair Colonist," "The Golden Rock," &c.; CHAPTER VI. A tremendous uproar broke out, tho wholo band charging Miles with having dellborately knocked tho rlflo up to spoil his rival's last chanco of success. Tho excitement under which they labored turned to fury, and thoy began to .lUOLIv tl I IU waiu | l/tilL vllwO wt JII3Ulv| n Uilv OUUltl snapped their Angers In his face and dared him to strike. Miles shifted his grasp to tho barrelB of his heavy Express, but ho kept his wits In tho angry whirl, for ho knew that It ho struck ono blow ho would bo Instantly cut to pieces; as ho iwas pushed back his gazo fell upon tho sholkh, ,wlio was standing apart, looking at tbo scene itvith apparent indifference, and ho read in the man's bearing that thero was little hope for him unless ho could force tho position. Ho thrust tho butt of tho gun into tho body of a man who was pressing upon him, and getting round, delivered a swinging blow at the bare shins of the other tormentors, then in the con fusion, dashed at Abdol, snatched tho bandoliers from him, and quickly thrust homo a couple of ' cartridges "What Is It," ho cried, "peace or war?" and levelled tho gun at tho sheikh. _ The Arab leader folded his arms and tried to Call up an expression of surprise, belled by the twitching of his thin nostrllB. "By Allah," ho said quietly, "you have a rough jyay with you, my friend." "Tell your men to retire," said Miles, flrmly, Us a glance out of tho tail of his eye showed a stealthy movement of white figures to Ills rear. "Not while you threaten me," said the chief, boldly. Miles lowered the barrels. "You saw these men threaten mo, aiid you said no word." "Nay, it was but their way, and you gavo them cause. Tho wager hung on the last shot, and you struck the man's gun asldo In the sight of all. It cannot surprise you that they were resentful." "I struck tho gun aside because It was point ed not at tho mark but at tho man." "Say you so," said tho chief, with a sudden fclazo. "Abdullah!" Tho man advanced. "Hoar this clinrgo against you that you wero hlmiug at the slave?" "It is a lie," said Abdullah, with a scowl at Miles, while ilio others freely cursed the white sou of slicitan. "Ho denies it," said the chief, looking at. Miles, "and as he held the weapon ho must know best." "I stood behind him, and am certain ho aimed lat tho man. Ask the Hottentot?" "Bring tho slave hither, and by tho prophet, |we will get at the truth of this." Tho court opened at once, and a shout was raised, for tho Hottentot had bolted, and was even then disappearing Into a mass of boulders at Ilia foot of tho cliff opposite. A dozen men started in pursuit, while many broke into a shout of laughter, and the chief, changing his mood on a sudden, placed a hand on Miles shoulder. "You liavo lost tlio wager, my friend, and I am afraid I have lost my slave, for he is like the coney when among these rocks. Yot you shoot iwell, and you aro quick to act and bold, too. I Will swear you have taken the field as a sol- tiler." "I have been under fire," said Miles, Btitl on his guard. F "I know It, else I would not have troubled to cripple that rcd-pated devil when he sought your life. And this Is the word I have long meant to say to you— a hundred rifles and two hundred swords I will give you to command' If you stand |by me." Miles looked at the chief In astonishment. "You aro trifling with me," he said. "I do not trifle on these matters," said tho 'Arab, grimly. "Think over what I havo said, and let mo know to-morrow, aud let your thoughts dwell on this that if you are captain these men, instead of being ready to pick a quarrel/ would be as a shield against dangor. "Are you offering me service In the pay of a slave trader?" asked Miles, quietly. "I am Was-el-Rewa," said the Arab, with a proud gesture. "My command Is from the White Nile to the Zambesi, and tlicro is not a tribe between, aye, not one, that decs not pay tributo to mo. I liavo In the leash of my making 20,000 spearmen of tho tribes, as much under the grasp of my hand as though 1 held thein like a brace of hounds; and, besides them, many riflemen in thousands, waiting for the movement, waiting for the word that will set them sweeping to the sea, driving before them like foam the accursed strangers." The Arab clilof lifted Ills head, his eyes flashed, ihls hand unconsc'oualy sought the hilt of his straight sword, and from his polso it seemed that oven then be foresaw the " moment when-'hu .would launch bin vengeful host against the here ditary enemies of his race. Miles saw himself on tile brink of some terrible revelation, and almost held his breath as he watched the emo tion work in tho dark and martial face ol' tho chief. As he looked, the black eyes met his In a glance that seemed to pierce him through. "Behold," said the Arab, solemnly, "I have said more than is safe for you to know. I will give you till to-morrow for your answer." "I will give It you now," said Miles. The chief raised his hand. "If is only a fool who rushes on his fate. iPonce, friend, and roflect. Well," turning to tho men who had returned from pursuit of the Hottentot, "whore Is his slave?" "Tho dog bath crawled into a hole, my lord," said one, "and the longest spear cannot reach him, neither can any one of us crawl in for the narrowness of it." "Let biin be till the morning, and we will see twlielher Nimr cannot letch him out." Then, turning again to Miles, he said in English, "Oil your answer to-morrow depends the life of that slave who lias found shelter where none but the black leopard call reach liini. Till then you are captain of mine, and may keep your gun. But go not away from your but." With this parting word, nccompnnicd by n meaning glance, the lender strode awny without a look at his men, who look their cue from Ills mood, and went their way in silence, leaving Miles standing nlonc. The silence of the men, the studied wny in which they ignored liim, nflcr their recent out burst, were ns ominous of impending danger as the scarcely-veiled menace of the chief, nnd Miles went slowly hack to his liut. Once inside ho counted the cartridges In the bandolier. There were eight, and caeh one was but a sboll! As he had lired eaeli cartridge those ejected had been carefully rcplnccd, possibly for future loading. lie quietly opened llie breach of Jiis rllle, and n glance i-:n diced to show that those, too, were empty. lie lei the useless weapon slide from his grasp with a frown. If tho worst came, he could not even sell his life dearly, and he ground his teeth nt. tlio thought thai 1m had been so cleverly taken in by the reel demeanor of the Arab whom ho had threatened to shoot. The discovery of his helplessness, just when ho ' had felt a glow of confidence in tho possession of his ii II c, depressed him inoro than anything else, and In vain he tried to fix his mind on some plan of escape. His eyes nlwnys camo back to the empty cartridges which seemed to mock him, until ho kicked the bandolier out of the door, and then tho rich barrels caught his restless glance, and he would pick up the gun to study tho intricate damascene work, only lo throw the rifle aside each time. And now n comely slave girl brought lilra down n bunch of dales, and the Inevitable dish ol rice and chopped meat. He motioned her snvagely to sot llioni down, and she went off with a toss of the head which set ornaments rattling, and a snap of the lithe fingers in contempt,, but when she re- appeare 1 with u brass kettle of coffee, and a chibouk, slio found, to her surprise, that the white ninu was in tho best of tempers. In tho Interval, Miles had recovered his nerve and his wits. If he meant to escape, It must ho that very night, anil his first step was to throw liis enemies off their, guard. Tho girl, ho knew, would chat— after her kinjJ— over his bearing, and bo determined to let ber go bnck next tiino with tho Impression that he was In good spirits. So 1m greeted her with a smile as she came in, and pointed to the empty dish to show how well he had dined, and when sho would withdraw, he made licr sit down anil searched out from his bag a linndsonio glass, which he presented ber. Then, ns she grinned nt her reflection, and glanced at him with licr large eyes; and laughed In great de light, lie look a pull at the amber qiouth-piece of the pipe and passed It to her, and they did not hesitate to puff nnd puff nbout.. Then, to do tho thing 'thoroughly, lie look n heavy gold ring from lils nocket, and after slipping it on hor finger, withdrew It, nnil using tho Arab word for. "to morrow," Indicated that If she came- back then and walled oil him tlio ring might be hers. Sho dapped her hands and set about 'preparing a couch wllli tho Intention of thoro and then win ning the prize. Miles, however, good-humorcdly turned her out ntrl stood nt the door watching lior progress, which was very slow, owing to tho constant halts to gir/.o at herself in tho mirror. At last, ifter many a wriggle, expressive of Intense Joy, sho reached ber frlumft!, whore her lively gestures nnd loud laughter showed that sho had plunged Into licr story, which would certainly lose noth ing In the lolling. That afternoon Miles had to bold n reception. The fnltliful girl brought down relays of hor friends to see the ring, Ills watch -and chain, his brushes, and everything that was Ills, and, of course, hers, and she finished orf tlio long recep tion by introducing tlie. chief's own favorite danc ing girl, to whom Miles was especially atteiillvo, making licr happy and voluble with a cunning bracelci ho lmd purchased at Adun from a For- tdan. Ills delighted boml-maldon patted him on the chunk ns sho at Inst reluctantly loft, after the evening meal, nml Miles, nlniosl overwhelm ed bv the heavy odor of scents that filled his hut, sat outside, waiting for the blackness of night. He wan-first nnxlous to find if any watch was set on lil in . but tho Arabs scaled at llib foot of a cliff appeared totally indifferent, and It was .not until dark that he noticed ton armed men set out to the narrow entraneo, from which presently came four men who lind been relieved. It wns evident that the guard at the passage had been Increased, but there was no other sign of a watch set, and when darkness blotted all out except the fires bo was satisfied that be was to bo left alone. So much for the success of bis ruso in making the girl chat of her conquest. The next step would bo more difficult. That was. if possible, to gain admission to the cave where the ammunition was stored. As be wns debating this In his mind ho heard a slight movomont liydiis side, and, as ho turned, with a start, he saw a dark form on the ground. "Be still, baas; It is Hans." Miles lind forgotten all about the Hottentot, but now he remembered tlie late that had been reserved for tho llttlo man, and he grasped him firmly by the arm lest he should attempt to ruu oil again. "Why did you run away, Hans?" "My Gott, baas, the laster bullet was for me. Thnt will I, run; and the duivels camo after me, boas!" "Well?" , _ "Wo must go this night. Right now— now. One man said the tiger would be loose to-morrow, and ho would creep in the hole In the rocks after the ole Hottentot. Como, my master." "Walt awhile, Hans. Beforo we go wq must havo a plan, and we must also havo cartridges. Do you know where the guns aro stored ?" "In the cave, slour, up the krantz." "Can we reach It?" "How, sleur! It Is a hard thing you ask, for these men look better after their guns than their girls, But a rifle, ja mynheer, It was good to hold one if dat' tiger comes aftor." "Wo must try." Miles took off tho Arab robe which ho still wore, and tosBed It on tho ground, and drow a pair of thick socks over his red Arab slippers. Hie Hottentot led the way, moving with his baro foot without a sound, and Miles silently followed, until they reached a liu-go de tached. boulder, when they paused to reconnoitre. There wero flres blazing at the entrance to two of the larger eaves, and the men and -women round the nearer fire appeared to be absorbed In listening to ono of their number who was proba bly relating some wonderful tale of love. The firearms wero stored In a cave a little above this interested circle, and beyond tho reflection of the fire. At a whlspqred order from Miles, the Hot tentot resumed his progress, however, more to tbo loft, and after a most cautious advance they reached the base of tho cliff. Halting for a mo ment thoy saw between thorn and tlie firo the form of a sentinel, with his face turned to tho group as If bo also wns under the spoil of the story-tellor's enchantment. Tho Hottentot slipped along, with his hand to the wall, running Ills fingers lightly over the rock, until bis touch, gliding over a polished stone, warned him that be had reached the nar row track leading up to tho magazine. lie caught Miles by the hand and guided his fingers over a smooth knob, which was the first step. They wero now not more than half-a-dozen paces from the guard, and tlie slightest noise would be fatal. Hans, however, had no nerves In tills sort of work, and while Miles was steadying himself, tho little man had begun the ascent, making a slight sound as ho drew himself up. Miles pressed himself Into tbo wall, but the sentinel still leant unmoved upon his gun, the light coming and going on his white burnous. Miles waited a minute, then cautiously felt for a hold and drew himself up to tho first step, but the buttons of his coat scraped against the stono, and .as ho pressed, scarcely breathing, with his face against tho cold cliff sldo, he heard the son- try turn, tako a step or two, and stand again. A glance. over his shoulder showed that the guard had again turned his face to tho group.. He turn ed to his task again, and after half a dozen up ward steps, taken with the utmost care, found himself on a -broad ledge with the Hottentot, who at once guided, him forward through a main entraneo into pith darkness. Here ho struck a light, and tho tiny flame, sheltered under the flap of his eoat, was reflected on rows nnd rows of shining rifles, stacked against tho walls, and upon scores of knives and swords In their sheaths. Hans Immediately grasped a curved blade, whoso glittering hilt caught his eye. Another match revealed on the other side a pile of boxes, and, what waB most Important, a pack age, which Miles recognised as his own property, with the cover open, and an empty bandolier by Its side. This bandolier, together with tho other which ho had buckled round his waist, ho now quickly filled, and then stopped out to the lidgo. Hans descended first with his weapon swung oyer his shoulder so that It should not strike against tho rock, and then Miles followed to find, when ho loft the hroad foothold of tho ridge for tho smooth and steep descent, that It was one thing to find his wuy up and quite another to get down In the dark. Three times ho reached down to find a foothold without success, but with- more scrap ing than was safe, and with a growing Irritation that Increased the. difficulty of tho task. At last tho Hottentot, who had remained faithfully at tho bottom, ascended to find out tho cause of tho. de lay, atul promptly taking hold of his master's foot guided It to the first step.' Tho'nco to the b6t- toin of the track was almost straight, but the con stant efforts ho had made had twisted ono of tho bandoliers, and a cartridge dropping out, struck the rock with a sharp metallic sound. "Mash Allah!" exclaimed the sentry, as lie swung round, but beforo ho could make a step forward thoro rang out, almost at his side, tho horrlblo laugh of a hyena, and as the man sprang aside wtlli a bound, Mllos slldcd gently to the groind, and slipp-il along the cliff.' There was a hubbub from tho circle, ono man flung a firebrand, and some of them laughingly chaffed tho sentry; Miles waited anxiously for a few minutes, then found his wny after some difll- culty to the hut, whore Hans had already pre ceded him. Tho little man was almost weep ing. "My haas, I did think it was over when that bullet dropped, but so I went on my hands aud laughed, so as the wolf como." "U was well done. Hans, nnd saved me." ".In. baas. It was old Hans made that noise, 1 laugh :d. so as the wolf lasvha." Miles entered tlio lint lor Ills rifle, which he at once loaded, and then rejoined Hans to decide upon tho next move. Thoy wero aimed, that was a groat thing, but the very success of their efforts rendered their position hopeless it they did not niako good their escape that night. CHAPTER VII. "Hans, have you nny plan? You have lived here among these men, and should know their liablts." "Thero is- no way out, slour, hut by tho pass age, and the men thero thoy do not sleep for tho spirits." "Spirits!" "Oh, a many spooks, baas — from the holes, and tho water, and tlio bushes; many devils that ccuio In the night to frighten any mail who is alone. Oh, yes. They talk of them always, and at times they make much noiso to frighten tho spooks." Miles picked up tho white garment he had tossed aside. "It I hold this on my ride, Hans, and you made a noise, would the guards down in tho dark there take it for a spook?" Tho Hottentot draw a long breath. "Alawoh, bansie, you havo got it sure, allcrvu- rel! Yes, r will cry deep la my holly, und they will run. It Is good." "You think so?" said Miles, doubtfully. "Oh, yes; iley plenty bang for the night things. Come now, baas, beforo the early cold come." They crept oft down tho valley, guided by (he shimmer of light on tho thin stream that found Its way through tlie gorge where the guards were posted. Tho more Miles dwolt on the "plan" the more childish It appeared, until, when tho dark walls again loomed up closo beforo bltn, ho was prepared to abandon tho trick. Hans, how ever, vehemently maintained that It was tho only plan that would succeed, unless they made a fight for It, aud finally Miles prepared to build up tho ghost. All ho required wns a stick to lash across tho barrels aud to form tlio arms. Tills was soon found, and tbo white robe was care'fully fixed, and looked certainly ghostly enough as It lluttored In tho air. They arranged! to sidvanco as near as they could to tho passage without be ing detected, when M'lles was to lift his banner on high, and Hons, crouching beh- lnd, was to howl. If tho trick did not fail they wore to try and slip through la Uio dark, and If opposed, fight Slowly they crept on, foot by foot, guided by tho glow of a small watchfire Inside tho gorge, and Miles was preparing to hoist his ghost when thoro rose a uuvngo sudden roar, followod by a heavy thud. < r "Tlio tiger, baas," sold Hans, 1n a thrilling whisper, "ho smells us. New they will find you have left tho hut. Quick." Tho guards wero calling loudly to each other, and a second Inter, the report of a rifle rang up the valloy behind. Miles liftod his rifle, the white robo fluttered like some giant's wraith, and Hans emitted a long, low, blood-curdling howl, terminating In a hollow groan. Before lie had finished tlio leo pard roared again, aud amlil this awful dl-n Mllos stepped Into the mouth of tho ravine and Into tho view of tho guards, who had all rushed to gether, anil stood peering Into tho durknosu. tholr norvos nil- quivering. . "Shcltan!" they cried, and as the apparition appeared two of them hastily fired, tho others pressed bnck ngnlnBt tbo rook, nnd tbon Hans bowled ngalu, finishing off with a flondlsli laugh. This was too much for the superstitious Arabs, and with a yell of terror they lied, dropping their rifles. I-Ians went nflcr, laughing hideously, and Miles followed nt a run. Once out of tho ravine thoy stopped to listen, and they could hear tho terrified guards still flying nml calling wildly on Allah nml tho Prophet, while echoing through tlio gorges camo the clamor of tho armed mob be hind, "Which wny now?" Without n word linns stooped nnd liftod MUoh'h right foot, then the fort, finally Branching his own bnro foot. "Now," ho cried, "this wuy," and struck up lo tho right, whore tho slilos of the valley sloped nt an ensy gradient. Up they wont at tlicli- best speed, until when the top was reached Mllus stop ped to get breath, nml henril below tho -volume of noise Increasing to n perfect roar of rago.j ' "What did you do-to my; feet?"- " f ' (To bo continued.) ; 