THREE WEIRD ADVEN- TURES. They were talking about terrible things. They were all young men, and one of them had just finished a story of a man who had been scared to death by a ghost. Not one of the party would own that he believed in the supernatural, but the whole crowd was agreed that there are things that cannot always be accounted for. Finally they got to talking of actual experiences. The outcome was that there were three stories told. All of them were vouched for. These are the stories :— UNDER THE BRIDGE. Some years ago in Somersetshire a young man drove out into the country to see his sweetheart. At midnight he started home- ward. It was a dark night, but the young man drove a pair of spirited horses and made good time until he reached the outskirts of his home town. The only way he could get home was to drive along the bank of a river and then pass under a bridge that spanned it. When he reached the bridge it was so dark he naturally slowed up his team. To his surprise, when he started to drive under the bridge his team showed signs of not wanting to go on. He allowed the horses to have their own way for a time, and then seeing they did not seem in- clined to go on he commenced to urge them. Still they did not go on. He was patient for several minutes, and then made up his mind that the horses must proceed. The team, however, would not budge a step forward, but when urged seemed inclined to turn around This move could not be made, however, without great danger, as the carriage, was too near the river bank. So, after seeing that he was not likely to do much good from it, the young man alighted and went to the heads of his horses. To his great surprise he found both animals were in a foam, and then he knew there was some reason for the strange state of affairs. They were plainly frightened. He soothed them as well as he could, and then he tried to urge them forward. They snorted with terror, trembled in every limb, and with dumb eloquence begged not to be forced to go ahead. But the young man had to get home. He got in front of the horses' heads, took each animal by the bit, and started to back into darkness. His hand seemed to reconcile the horses, and they moved after their master. They went slowly, to be sure, but they did move, and as they went the man cheered them. Step by step the man and horses went along. They finally reached the blackest part of the darkness, the man still walking backward and pulling on his horses' heads. Suddenly one of the horses gave a wild snort, reared high in the air, and came near getting away from his master. The man turned, and as he did so, to his terror, felt himself struck in the face. It was not a hard blow, but it was hard enough to cause him to cry out, more in fright than in pain. Then he reached out in the dark to grasp the thing that had struck him. His had found it. It was—a human foot. A man had hanged himself from the bridge, and his body swung just over the middle of the roadway. How the young man reached his home he never knew. His hair, however, did not turn white, nor did he become a raving maniac, but, although he has lived in the same village ever since, he has never passed under that bridge. THROUGH THE NIGHT. Two young men once lived together in the northern suburbs of London. One of them was in love with a girl She didn't care for him, but he didn't know it. So he went on and on keep- ing in love. One morning about one o'clock one of the young men came home and found his room-mate who was in love in bed as usual. The young man sat down and read for an hour, and then he went to bed. At nine o'clock next morn- ing he woke up, and to his surprise found that his partner had not yet got up. He thought it was strange, but supposed that the young man knew his business and would get up when he was ready to do so. So he dressed, and was just about to leave the room when he thought perhaps his room- mate was oversleeping himself. So he spoke to him. He got no response. Then he spoke again, this time loud enough to awaken anyone who was asleep. There was no answer. Then he stepped to the bed and gave his partner a shake. There was no mistaking the fact that the man was dead. On the table in the room was a note telling why the foolish fellow had his own life. He had found out that the girl did not care for him, and that settled it with him for all time. The man who had slept with the dead body got over the fright he had re- ceived in time, but he often wonders why he did not see the note his friend left for him tell- ing him of his act and why he had killed him- self. A DISSECTING-ROOM STORY. The teller of this story and another student were to do some work in the dissecting-room. His friend was not ready to go to work, so he went in ahead and prepared himself for the ghastly job. It was late at night, but this is not supposed to make any difference to medical students, who are not, as a rule, troubled with anything like a squeamish feeling. The young man was waiting for his friend to come, and was standing on the slab on which rested the " subject " on which they were to work. Scattered about the room were various things which showed what the place was used for. The student was smoking. He was thinking of no- thing in particular. Suddenly he heard a grat- ing noise. It was slight, but unmistakable. At first he paid no attention to it. Then, in a dim sort of way, it occurred to him that it was a rat. Presently the noise grew louder. He looked around him. It seemed to come from a corner. He listened closely for the noise, and then he was sure that it came from that corner. He looked closely, and then he thought he saw some movement in the corner. He stepped closer to the spot, and then he was sure there was something there that was alive. Still, he was not frightened in the least. He was a brave young fellow, and was to investigate the thing that was causing him so much guessing. But in another instant he saw something that was startling. A skull was moving out of its place in the corner, and was slowly coming over the floor towards him. It was grating along, and the sight and sound was more than the young stud- ent was able to endure. His bravery vanished, he gave a cry, fell to the floor in a dead faint, and as he dropped a huge rat scrambled from under the ghastly thing and scampered to its hole. The young man got over his fright in a few weeks, but he adopted another profession. 