GOOD STORIES -OLD AND NEW. Amono the many stories concerning the late Sojourner Truth, the famous negrcss, in this, which represents- her as a beggar, btit as a witty olio : — At one time during I he war she was in Washington, aim called on President. Lincoln and gave him her photograph, sayiiig 'The face is black, hut has a while linek to it. Will you ftlea.se give me a picture of your face, with a green hack to it I' Lincoln smilingly handed her a ten-dollar green- hack, tho vignette of which was the picture of his face. Sir Charles Ilall in his autobiographical portion of his '.Lift! and Letters,' just published, says lie was entrusted with the musical arrangements of the Manchester Art Treasures Exhibi tion of 1857, and, naturally he often paid a visit to the picture galleries there. As usual,' writes he, ' tho catalogue has its humorous points hy accidental inter changes of numbers. Thus a picture of King Lear on his deathbed was des cribed as 'There is life in tho old dog yet,' and you can daily hear the remark, How true,' when passing it. Another, representing a madman sitting stark miked on the bare ground with his arms clenched round his knees was called ' I'oi trait of Lord John Russell.' An old ninti was heard to remark, 1 Probably when lie was on t of office.' fn a provincial theatre, where Macbeth was being recently played hy a clever mail, who was also a great favourite with his audience, in the banquet scene ho had delivered his words to the ghost of Uanqiio, ' Hence, hence, hence,' when he dropped on his knee, covering his fucu witii his robe, and shuddered convulsively. Inst as the applause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried out to liiui ; ' 1 1. s all right now, .Smith ; he's gone.' Two countrymen |kui sed in the reptile house in the Zoological Gardens, and con templated tho bon- eoii-.trir.-tor. 1 1 sav ' said the first countryman, ' What's that thing tied up in a' knot for like that." ' Oh,' replied iiis companion, in a superior manner, - suppose lie wanted to remind himself of something when he woke up.' A trooper in a regiment of hussars had omitted to wash lii.s horse's nose bag, though Iii' had pipeclayed it, Tho serjetinl-tiiajor promptly brought, him to task. - How i> it yon have not washed your llu-e-h.-tg I' j. have w.shrd it.' V\ ell it is quite drv : anil, if you had washed it, it would have been wet.' 'All, but 1 washed it |1(u water.' Herrmann, the e..iij.;rer. whose death Was lately reported, w.i, onee instrumen tal in i.-.\Hisjiig a rn--<\- of eheatiie- at I- -n... . v. i . . \--i. -'iiii.-s i >azei ie lells ; how, a! a well Irno. vii London chili, eearto I was mil' ni ill.- I'm i mi riie games indulged . in tor stakes i,y no n; -ans insignificant, j It. w a , uhsci-vcil thai on these occasions a ('Dim member almost invariable rose a ; considerable winner. At length so j inni-lo- il beianie the g .... I fortune of this I iin-uibei- that a u> it ln-r b-termiiied to probe the matter lo the bottom. thin evening, j aeeoi'dinglr, at his io-.n rooms, lie intro- ! (hired Hermann under a false name to a select parly of the members, anion-' whom figured the -u-p- ; t> ,| (|£, close ii| the night s amusement, when tho guests h„d departed, the host turned to lilt! conjurer, anil demanded his opinion. Not a doubt ,,f it,' replied Hermann. '"Of h-|en,| eheals. but exactly lio.v I etui t sav ve(. (live m another" ehuiu-e.' A second meeting was subsequently niT.tiigeil, And play began. Suddenly Hermann, looking straight at tho supposed culprit, exclaimed, ' Wltoro did you get the king r ' Where f replied tho oilier, out of the park, of course.' Mm- possible, ,„y dear sr,- tcl Hermann, tor I happen to lutte all tin- nun- kiics here," and llicrrupim lie ealmlv drew them troni hi-, sleeve and laid tlicm on tho tabic. A 'i'I' 'I id .-idled on v\ i >i'i !, \ ,|ivi,u, Who had I >i-imi Iilli-rcl a bishopric. Tho daughter of the |,;n) ,||0 d"or. If your father going to accept 11 inquired. -Well,' t|K. Vl,llllu tvpli'-l demurely, -father is j.ravin- m'r guidance n, the libra r\ . .Molher'is i.aek- injC John Di-X.leii was .m.v in company witli two noble lords, who entered „pon a tnemlly controversy as to which could write a belter impromptu. Tliev mado J Die judge and fell to ser'ihblin". i hen the appointed time was up glorious John looked at their manu scripts ami smilingly autumn | thai aitlio'.igli the Earl" of .Mut-rave !,;,d writl'-ii some pretty verses, vet lie was Inntuil to give his voice to l.oj-.| |)„,..tq who had simple written, UM sight pat io Mr. Julia Dryden one hundred pOUIKlN. A good story is |„|d „f the late .Mr. -lames Grant illustrating the difficulties of an editor who worked under the super vision ot a committee of John Barley corns. Ho tells us that a worthy metubei- ot (lie roncliivo one.- g„( „p ilm| , delivered hm.selt to the effect Mr Llininniiii, (lie iiser is nothing if itis'nofc ; and as Mr. (trant has u„w w rilii-u twelve nrticli-s i„ support of Sir Clnnles Napi.-i-s candidature f,„. p.u.; mo" , I beg ,o move that he ho iustr.,,-- ..fsie A 