MR. WOOLLNOUGH ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The following is a fuller report of Mr. Woollnough's speech than we were able to give at the time of its delivery The brief and business-like statement of the Treasurer showed that we were further recovering the position from which we fell in 1891. In three years, 1891-4, we had lost 25 per cent, of our revenue and in yet another three years, 1891-7, we had recovered that loss within 4 per cent within £31,000. (Hear, hear.) This quick rebound I was highly creditable to our people, and evidenced the vitality of our resources. It was, however, unnatural, the outcome, Inifioly, of a stimulated feverish effort, which must result in a relapse if the strain was too long maintained. There was warning in the fact that the territorial revenue, the revenue most directly connected with the producing interests upon which all other interests depend, had suffered the most heavily and shown the least buoyancy In recovery. It was still 25, per cent, below 1801, having fallen in 1891 53 per cent.. Lands showed a decrease last year As compared with 1801 of 15 per cent., and "mines of 40 per cent., having fallen respectively in 1891 40 per cent, and 85 per cent. Inland revenue had stood the shock better having recovered within 4 per cent, a fall of 25 per cent. Telegraphs, however, still showed great weakness, 29 per cent, below 1891, as against 49, percent, in 1894., Stamps alone of all sources of income had advanced, being 3 percent, better than In our best year. Hail ways were now 5 per cent, and Customs 1 percent, below 1891, having fallen respectively in 1891 20 per cent, and 25 per cent. Direct taxation and miscellaneous receipts had increased since 1891 £10,000. Our floating debt, £101,000 in 1901, has increased 200 per cent., being now £331,000 as compared: with i'455,000 Iii 1891. It is thus clear that our recovery of revenue Is. chiefly owing to an increased Customs tariff!' more than twice as heavy as in other Australian colonies, being 275 on Imports, as against 1228; to an increase on income tax from real estate of 20 per cent, over four years and to an extension of income tax to all forms of capital and to personal exertion. The result of such I illnnmnnHinniirp (a vat inn is and must be hindrance to healthy progress. Our chief needs then appear to be the extinction of our floating debt and the reduction of Customs duties. We are not, therefore, free to enter upon new sentimental or experimental undertakings which will not pay. There are other reasons. There must be increase in the cost of our services. That cost is from one-half to two-thirds less than in other colonies. Some of our economics have been ex- travagances resulting in indirect loss greater than the direct gain. Our time, moreover, of comparative revenue prosperity may be short since It will pass with a uniform tariff' consequent upon federa- tion. Yet the Treasurer, whilst urging caution, proposes a remission of income tax on personal exertion, whether alone or coupled with capital not being capital invested in real estate. The money was wanted. Many of those who paid it were amongst the richest men in the community, tile difficulties in collecting it were being overcome, whilst any real hardship could be removed by ex- empting personal exertion incomes below a certain amount. The remission, moreover, would be unjust to the owners of real estate who were to remain saddled with the same tax, although imposed upon them in a most oppressive form, and without any exemption for the many amongst them who used a large proportion of personal exertion, with but a small proportion of capital. It should not be beyond the power of our Statesmanship to frame a uniform system of direct taxation, a general income tax, which should be accompanied with some approach to equality of sacrifice. The proposed reassessment appeared to him also unnecessary. To be effective, It must be expensive. It was not needed for revenue purposes. We could well wait for un- cruelty. It was, doubtless, proposed with a view to bringing forward again the unimproved value ghost, but real estate owners desired to be left alone and not made the unwilling subject of political experiments. The Treasurer was to be congratulated upon the success of the Local Inscribed Stock Act. It had enabled him to meet the advanced half-yearly interest on our debt held in London, our floating debt of ¿Kttl.OOO, and also, he hoped, the £143,000 or thereabouts of debentures falling due, the interest of which would now be spent in the colony. It would be well if more money could be borrowed here to meet London debentures as they fell in. It was pleasant to learn from the Minister of Lands and Works that there were fewer demands for public works, but there appeared to be considerable inequality in their selection. He hoped that steps would soon be taken to amend the present mischievous method of dealing with public works. J The suggestions he had made to the Premier for relieving the sufferers from bush fires had met with immediate attention, whilst the Central Committee kind, within his knowledge, shown as much care as energy in laying out the money at their command. To Mr. Fisher especially much credit was due. The North-East Dundas narrow gauge railway should not be sacrificed to the syndicates. There an peared to be an endeavour on the part of the Government to unduly favour the syndicate railways at the expense of our line, especially the Waratah Zeehan extension, contrary to the expressed wishes of the House. The proposed Ulverstone extension was unnecessary for through traffic, and could not pay for the cost of construction. The reduced estimate brought forward to render the proposal more acceptable meant apparently a line less fitted for the local traffic. The time for the construction of this line was, If ever, not now, when our finances were in such a critical condition and when so much that was necessary needed to be done He was glad to learn that public works votes were to be freed from the cost of charge so that the money) voted would be spent only upon work done Whilst our financial position was still insecure and critical, requiring extreme care and caution in its management, we had remedied many mistakes and were pie pilling ourselves to make a fuller and wise use of our natural advantages. 