EPITOME OF NEWS. A man named Robert McNaughton, who had his foot amputated some time ago, at tempted suicide at his lodgings in Mel bourne on Sunday morning. He is ex pected to recover. A lad of 14, named William Wilton, was playing with a model cannon on Friday at Penrith, when the charge of powder ex ploded, and severely burned his face ana injured his eyes. His sight will probably be effected. The suit brought by James Bedmond, barman, for a divorce from his wife, Mary, on the grounds of drunkenness and cruelty, was concluded before his Honor the Judge in Divorce on Monday morning. Peti tioner's case was that for the past three years his wife had been addicted to drink, and had rendered herself unfit to discharge her domestic duties; and, further, that during the last twelve months she had on several occasions assaulted him by striking him on the head with a lemonade bottle, cutting his eye with a soup dish, splitting his lip with her parasol, biting his arm, etc. Bespondent, in defence, denied that she had been under the influence of liquor more than half a dozen times, and urged that petitionar himself provoked the as saults in question. Moreover, she swore that several times after the petition had ! been served upon her her^ansband had been intimate with her, thereby condoning her previous conduct. His Honor found both issues in favour of the petitioner, and ex pressed the opinion that there had been no condonation on his part. A decree nisi was, therefore, pronounced for the dissolu tion of the marriage, and made returnable ^ in one month. A young woman named Florrie Martin, aged 22, was charged at the Central Police Court on Friday morning before Mr. Isaacs, S.M., with, in company with two men, garroting Charles Olsen, on Septem ber 3, and robbing him of a Waterbury watch, two silver alberts, and some papers, of the total value of £3. The accused was committed for trial at the Quarter sessions, to be held at Darlinghurst on Septem ber 19. About a month ago, at the Tamworth Coroner's Court, a man named John George Thompson was committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter, his offence being the shooting at Nundle of a young woman named Elizabeth Warden. We (News) now learn that it is the intention of the Crown law authorities to put Thompson upon his trial on a charge of murder. The News says: It is reported that a long sentence prisoner convicted under the name of Mansell, but possessing other aliases, made an attempt at self- destruc tion in the Tamworth gaol on Saturday. Mansell succeeded in concealing a small piece of tin out of whicb he very ingeni ously constructed an instrument which served as a knife, with which he inflicted a wound upon his throat. The gaol sur geon, Dr. Harris, was summoned and dressed the wonnd, putting in several stitches, and we understand that Mansell is now considered to be quite out of danger. Serious doubts are entertained with regard to the state of the prisoner's mind, as this j is not the first attempt at suicide which he has made. Only meagre particulars are available, the gaol officials being very re- tieent with regard to the occurrence. On the Page Biver last Tuesday the " rocky" crossing was the scene of a singu lar and unfortunate occurrence. At any time, this crossing is perhaps the roughest of the lot, and a bit of a fresh makes it dangerous, as numerons large boulders ap pear to find a settling place thereabout. The previous rains and a heavy storm in the locality the night before, put a good body of water in the river, but not so much as to make it uncrossable. On the day mentioned a team of horses belonging to Mr. T. Moran, in charge of an employee, were taken across, and getting a little too far down the stream, off the track, and amongst rocks and boulders the horses be came boxed up—it is said, through a stump being left there—with the result that they got down and four of them were drowned before they could be released. The horses (says the News) were valuable ones, and as this is the most busy time of the year for teamsters, the loss is a serious one to the owner. The two Lisson children are doing well in Sydney Hospital, and are expected to recover from their injuries. The Lithgow Mercury says- Just pre vious to the cyclists' road race yesterday some person or persons placed a log across the track near the turning point at Bowen fels. That the log was intentionally placed there is shown by the fact that when Mr. W. Gibson (who was appointed to check the competitors at the turning point) went out there was no log there, bnt when Mr. A. Lowndes, the other cbecktaker, reached the spot he saw the log, also some hoop-iron across the road. Of course he promptly removed them. Mr. H. Everitt also informs us that he rode over the course early after dinner and all was clear. Any person guilty of an act such as this, no matter from what motive, deserves a temporary rest in one of her Majesty's gaols. The case of Adams v. Young, which was decided last Thursday before Mr. Justice Owen and a jury of four, is an important one, and will, it is said, settle many other claims of a similar nature. It appears that plaintiff, who is a civil engineer, formerly employed in the Koads and Bridges branch, was retrenched on June 30,1895, with other civil servants, and he received a gratuity of about £300, and he was allowed six months' leavo^of absence on full pay. He now claimed .£6160 com pensation for wrongful dismissal. Upon the close of the plaintiff's case he was non suited on the ground that as he had been retired for no fault of his own, under sec tion 42 of the 1884 Act, and as he received the proper gratuity payment to him under the circumstances, he was not in a position to bring an action for wrongful dismissal. As defendant consented not to issue execu tion for costs until next term the matter will probably be submitted to the Full Court. Several houses in Melbourne were struck by lightning on Saturday. The ' Three Castles' Cigarettes have been awarded a prize medal for general excel lence, quality, and superiority. It is these specialties which make the brand so popu lar with the larger army of smokers. The Colonial Secretary has approved of separate votes being placed on the Esti mates for covering the cost of free passes and ammunition to country competitors at the annual rifle meeting. £500 will be given for the passes, and £412 for 100,000 rounds of ammunition. The police in Sydney are searching for a yonng woman named Bridget Shaw. It appears that she left Yass for Sydney on Saturday, but her relatives failed to meet her at Redfern. She was seen leaving the station with a woman whom she met in the train. As Miss Shaw, who is 17 years old, had £20 in her possession when she left Yass, her relations are anxious about her non-appearance, and fear that some harm has befallen her. A human molar was found in a black bream purchased for the Ballina Hospital. The science of dentistry is progressing ! Mr. W. W. Davis, the new member for Bonrke, is the father of 24 children, 17 of whom are living. No wonder he defeated little Millen. The vote of his own family would more than account for his majority. Mr. Reid is easily the fattest man in the Assembly. Mr. Copeland comes next. The tallest and thinnest is Mr. Henry Chap nian, who once more represents Fitzroy. Sir Joseph Abbott, Mr, Lyne, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lee, and Mr. Donaldson are all big men.The height of members is a long way above the average. During the past 10 days a "ghost" has been promenading the outskirts of Bendigo, much to the terror of the womenfolk; but efforts to capture the perpetrator of the scare have been unsuccessful. One even ing the contents of a shot-gun were dis charged at the jokist, apparently withont doing any damage, and a couple of even ings later a plucky young woman threw a stone at him, and the "ghost" retaliated by brutally striking her in the face with his fist. About 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a tramway employee saw a figure in white staring at him from behind a fence. The employee was armed with a revolver, but was too frightened to use it. It is said that there is no House in the world so difficult to address as the New South Wales Parliament, for the members have neither manners not sincerity, while they are intensely jealous of each other. For instance, while Mrl Lyne is speaking, the leading members of his party yarn in a loud voice, or read newspapers, or leave the House. There are only three or four men who can command attention. Herbert Scbaffer, a young man, is in Cooma Hospital, suffering from a serions gunshot wound, accidentally received while 'possum shooting. The Rock Creek Station buildings of Mr. John Arndell, at Bingara, have been de stroyed by fire. The horns of a bullock killed at the Hiverstone Meat-works last week had a spread of 4ft. 7in. The Pioneer butter factory at Kiama was the first factory in the colony in which steam separators were employed. The value of the estate left hy the late John M'Elhone, M.L.A., is about £40,000. All goes to his children. At the Riverstone Meat-works at present au average of about 60 bullocks and 2000 sheep are being slaughtered daily. A Windsor resident owns a grey horse which has reached the age of 34 years, and any day he may be seen shifting a couple of tons of wood to the railway station. A young man, named Alfred Glover, created a sensation in South Yarra (V.) the other day by running amuck while under the influence of liquor. He started down chapel-street with a knife in each hand, slashing at all who came near him. Finally he dragged a lady cylist off her machine, when he was secured by John M'Lean, who held him till the police ar rived. The Government bore at Warri Warri, near Wilcannia, is down 1600ft. 