ABUUT SOLDIERS' - WIVES. The wife of an American soldier-when he hIlipens to be nmarried-has at cmnparutively lhappy time of it. Bt it is dilferent else where nod the condition is at its worst in Englald. No one need to be told that the scarlet jack,:t of the tiritish. soldier is tihe greatest incentive tit matrimony knownt to the civi lised world of women. Indeed, there is eon sidetoble grumbling. not to say indignation, on this seore in sonic quarters. It. is pretty gen-rally known that the sol dier hats a susceptible heart heating behind his tunic, hut who stops to Inquire how the :adutirable Atkins, witthhis shilling a day, is etnabled to heep a wife and children? Colonel Gildea, the Chairman of the Eng lish Solliers' and Sailors' Families Associa ,tio,. in all interview said : " You are quite right in saying t.hat Eng' lilsh soldiers are a marryinig communitiy. but don,'t ask me how they manange to keep, their wives. There aro thousands of men and women trying to live on the soldier's allow unaee of a shlilling a day. and I don't tsuppose I au far wrong in saying that at least a thlirl of lltheat are half starved. The wnomen en deavour to naugment thLe family income by doingl a little waslhing, and that sort of thin, ; but, at its best, it is only very casual enmployment. " Now, tihe aim of our Society is to afford timliorary relief to tlhe families of soldiers andt sailors. and I can assuren you they stand in need of a great deal of relief.. Our chief considerations are not to pauperise antd not to encourage matrimony. It is madness for a Iprivate soldier whto has nothing but hlis pay ettning in to marry. "But first let me explain what marriage in tlhe English army means. Only six per cctnt. of the men in each regiment are per mitted to marry, and then only if tlhey pus srss the requisite qualifications. For ex ample they must have served for a period of not less than seven years, and they must have at least £5 in the savings bank. \- "They have, in fact, to be trustwortlhy men who Ihave earned two good conduct badges. The wives have tlheirquarters in tnobarraceks and go abroatd and return with their hius bands at thle Government's expense. 1 Contrary to an impression that exists outside the Service, however, if the remtain ing h4 per cent. marry, as mnany of them do, without thle consent of the authorities. they committt no military crime. " Tlhey cannot be punislhed, but no accom modlatiotn is provided in barracks for their wives, who enjoy none of tihe privileges tlhat are nllotted to the wives of the otlhers. To speak plainly, they Ihave to struggle on upon the soldier's pittance and whatever else they can make. You can imagine what a sorry plight these women are in when I tell you that it is quite commton for t sildier's wife to have from live to eight children. " But this isu't by any means aill with which they have to contend. Whlen a regi ment Inuves, say, from Portnsmoutlh to Edin burght, or to Inidia, every one of these wutmen is left behind, whtile their ors fortunate sisters accompany their husbands. " They are left. with no provision lwhat rver from the Government. and I ned not remark that very few of them have the money, to follow their husbands. Whatit we do, therefore, in nadldition to assisting those in sickness and making temnporary giants, is to send them after their husbands where we can. "Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse? " " 1 am afraid that some soldiers when go. ing on foreign servicedesert their wives until they return. That is to say, they leave them to take their chalnce. A soldier who is mtarried but not by regimental aillowance can, by the Army regulation, be subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day-a nice large sum isn't it-forthe support of his wife and famtily while hlu is away, but lie can only be put under this stollppage on the appliclation of the wife herself or by voluntarily sub , sittitg to it." "It sees u.as if ir. Atkins ought to be better paid.How do you fare in trying to dis suade a soldlier wlhose tanly heart is burst ing with love from embarking ou'tte treach erous sea of imatrimony? " 4 We try to dissuade the girl-not the man." Colonel Gildea replied, smiling." The majority of girls hlaven't the ghost of an idlea what a soldier's life is like. 'They are fascinated witllh the red coat and don't give a thought to the future. " Affairs are very different in the Eng lish Navy," the colonel added. " No man is suppooed to marry in the Iteoyal Navy. Stragelyenoouglt thcauthoritics don't recog niise the wife of a sailor when the sailor is living. but if hie dies on duty or is killed she is awairded a petnsion. Now with respect to a soldier the wife only get. a pension if lie succumbs in war. Should he die in barracks through sickness or by accident she is left to shift for herself. "Sailors' wives are in a much better position when they are reparated from their Ihushands tihan the wives of soldiers, inasmuch as on a ship being commissioned for foreign servise there is an unwritten lasw among sailors that every man shall make in allot ment of something like half his pay in favour -of his wife or any.relatives. dependentupon him;, and although the Admiralty don't recognise these people, they undertake to make the stoppage and to hand over the sums to the payees as soon as they become due. A sailor who neglected to conform to this praiseworthy principle- would have a bad time of it with his mates." 