JUNIOR JOTTINGS. Jiy "HITTBItO." Caps and Nnrihcotv Continue their gi-.-rtt br-Ltlo tu-morrov.' Victoria 1'uvi; iu die rccac ul U10 cucounlor. A record aitetrhuico cxpccBd at Victoria Park to-morrow. Northcote lado hare not "xlvwi iii» the ghost" yet. Sees. Jtatelielor and Laurence looking after the comfort of vlitlto.n, 'l.ulT wUd. Uonnclly Improving gnutiy. Rut Uigotbor 31 la great style, und rarrltd hl:i LaL i iv..i.«,L «„a u o.u.y .0.11 UiUlcu well. Noniaote liuve iinole over 2W in ouo inolngg, Itoruldgo c-aucbt OHetlly ofl a difficult ehojicc. 1'lurn (llaoilssvd HedgCJ by catching hitn cleverly. Riant caught boui Capj top ccorcrs — Hodges nnd Un, com. liayvs bov.icd with bad luck a«aloit Caps Hat Siutrday. , iirown'ii leg glance greatly admired at the Victoria l'urk. Nol&n; bor.ktl splendidly. He captured flro wlekcts fur 25. ' The I'arkhltl deserve ) their win over Park strijct Wcmi/h. Fox was tadty beaten by the ball that dis lodged his otumpr. liiumlull of Nurthcoto, is the makings of a first class (randier. Kobcriwjii Lupt wickets very well for North cotu-hut Eatui-day. ao Caps n- nv. think they have everything up llii'lr uleovLS yet. r 'jui R r/ 11,1 > c a lead of ten In their lint Inning UaullU- id. Nurtueulo held tku previous. In IMC they ucorcd 3sS atfinet Footseray. U«i!lciuu' Qcbllng was u treat tu wltons at Victoria I'.iik liu autidny. Cups.' 474 in u record kcohi for onu" iunlnge In liuyio and h'cjti'ii tnr.tclics. Cape took five hours and fertyflvo minutes lo Ituerk up the record store. About iUU, in ihe shade ut Victoria Park lust Satuids:. und nil warm tupp/rUTs. LoJiueLy hatted v/ltli tue same willatv as HodSfS to J53 was tiiatio on tbo one bat, Moiyneuu oacu nieru baittd well tor half a hundred. Gulnx istreng for the average. Hodges' batting quiiu tip iu senior utandnrd, and was worth t«!»k tuiles to see. ile made t'ji. iiudgca might have been going yet It be hadn't "let out" at cwrHkltq; after Leeurliq; his cen tury. Parkklli and Park street Wcslcyr. meet again to-uiort-ow at the back of the Wateboueumcn'i. Uqiulet's two ii'h — Hodges and Hnyuom— mude 1S3 butweuii ilium ugulust Nortlicote. Not too l»aa. Donnelly Is now piopurly called "Jack" by the supporters although ho still "pegs" away Wby-.wua liJund'dl tnkou olt lw». Saturday when he hud 'howled sc-Von ovcru for cicvtu rums for l«u'-Vlckct«7." Jn Caps', lirst jhuiiiks one bull ."fotod tho tuualc" to thu tunc ur D8,,whet» it "went bung" und another lottlier was used. Harry Newuian Is a stu-licr to "dio brick- IhihIcth." Ho fielded for Uiuiu au sub. agaiuut Cups, part of tho oftcruoou fast tiatuiduy. Clte«wa;ui who uncv played for Cutis., is now ngliiing mptiniit thorn. He had to put up with a lot of barracking Hbt Saturday ut Victoria ihirk. If Caps beat Narlheolu it's all over. They get tho Cup. Hut what tf Nurthcoto cotno out uu top.? Mutters w'ilj bu wen, uud (lieu for the final ktrugKlc. "is that out, Jack?" asked Drown of Umplro Thomphon isst Saturday when ho was caught behind the wickets. The "bluff" dldu't work, lio retired to Itiu pavilion. Those shuttcra uiight bo removed from tbo press hoi at' tho Victoria Dark if the weather is tho Huiito to-morrow as tost Satuiday, been procuring for the. "AimSally'gaUcriro lest Saturday Judging by tho wuy they took shot uitur uliot ul thu wlckots. it proved ei- penjivo though. The Primitive Molhodlut cunipetition was con- eluiled t»tt Satuiday, and restilted in a win for the N'ortlu yte team. They scored 41. South Mclhauriin came next with 10 points. Thla U til. oetuud lltbe In tuvcesstun that Noribcotu huvo won tho trophy. 