FllOUDE IN PACE DEATH. Among the recollections of Mr. Froudo,which ippear in the January number of the 44 Con cemporary Keview," the writer, the late Mrs, Alexander Ireland, relates the following adven ture which befell Mr. Froude, herself, and some friends when out iu a small sailing boat near Mr. Froude's re-sideuce 44 Thoro was a whistling, keen cry in the wind, and we were hurried along by sheer force of the current of air aud water. Opening my eyes, 1 was suddenly aware of a chaugc iu the scene. An ominous blackness lay on the water immediately around our little boat. The sun still *bone at a distance, but we seemed in night. The cry ">f the wiud was raised to a wild shriek, the water rose tumultuously, the fierce gde came down oue of those 4 chines,'as the Devonshire folk call them-one of those narrow clefls between two hills. The sky, too, hud changed ; the sail almost struck the water ; nun and shot fell abundantly, 44 dust before this change of weather I had been saying lo Mr. Froude, 41 shall never be lieve that I have been here ; it is nil like a riteani to me, this experience.' And my com panion had said, 4 You are like the lady who saw a ghost in her dream and would not believe in it. Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black mark us a sign ? or is there any other way ?' 44 Hio dark eyes were very close to me, and I added nervously, 4 Oh, I am only joking.' 44 4 Bat.' he continued, 4 will nothing remain lo you of these sights and impressions after you leave us ?' 44 4 To me," I said, 4 all will remaiu ; but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to another.* 44 He made no reply. The 4 squall' repeated itself furiously, and we shipped a good deal of water, the sail again dipping terribly. The little craft could not be righted. Froude, who still held the tiller-ropes, said, with what Kecmnl to mo a sardonic smile, and perfectly unmoved : 44 4 Arc you afraid ?' He spoke loudly-for the roar of the elements made it needful. 441 m< t his look and ?-aid quietly, 4 Not in the loist !' on which he turned his head from tu»*. ^ 4* The storm now grsw more violent. Miss Ftoude, who was self possessed, but very pale, sa;d, so as lo be heard : *. 4 1 think we are in danger, father.' To tion. was 44 4 Ve ry likely.' 44 It flashed through uiy mind with the Rtr.mgtt r;»pidity ihat is born of such moments, th«t a near possibility lay at hand of our all be ing drowned -since the capsizing of a pleasure boat iu deep waters has often led to stirli au end 1 saw, in my mind's eye, the submerging of that little unmanageable craft. I thought : Hero is Mr. Froude, 70 years of age-myself 50 -he not longing to live-1 uot longing to live. Hitherto I ha » been cartful not to touch him, but with the violent movement of the boat 1 felt au.inclitntiou to catch at his arm, but did not. 4 Still,' thought I, 4 if we drown it will be together'; and conscious myself of entire phys ical'disibility.it might, after all, have been that we should have riling together in that suureme moment. It takes me more time to write this than was allowed for tho thoughts to flash through my mind. For again Froude's voice said, Hose to my ear : 44,4 Ar« you ready ?' y 44 And somethiug nerved me up to add dis linclly : 44 4 Quito ready. The place and the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to bs now and \\\LIM I' 44 * Well/siid ho dreamily, 4 if 'tis not now, 'tis yot la come ; the lendincss ts all ' 44 Ancl almost as soon as the words were spA'e.n, th'iboat righted, the stress of the storm ab«t« d, and w« got under shelter of some rocks. 11 TYon I'roude said coldly, 4 Don't trust to first intj rosskms, Mw, Ireland I' And ho gave me ono of his unlavourabl?, searching looks." 