*HANNAH PURVES' FIRST AND ONLY LOVE. . BY NELLIE BROWN. ; Theill iroad was very lonely. It strtcthed, white as chalk, betweer Tlhe unfenced moorland for miles, broker "here and there by a rough group ol Irhins, oc diving into a .belt of firs, sei as clbse as bristles in a. brush, and nat fording ?o glimpse of even thile noonda siunu t: the scantily-mossed grouni uniderneath. The great hare hills of th< Ia-nmemnnoors succeeded each other with the same swell of green heather coarse grass, and black whins as far at the-eye could reach. hicomnah Purves came to her 'door t.: tshake the cover of the dresser. She 'was tidying' the B-est room-.she did nol weary of dusting it over ant over--i ivas occupation. She was a rathel plain woman;'imd sallow, and her hail dressed in hn e,ld-fashioneie way added Eive apparent rears to leer age. SBeing at the door, she stood and look. ad. -The pee-hits shrillcki and wheelei on thle slope to the left, by the roadside to the right the sheep Were aimlesslb congregating and separating. The deep sunlight brooded ever everything Ftar down on the roae al speck movef and crawled. Hannah watched it for .s few moments, and went back into tIh Ihouse After the glare cot the sunlight, fth room wva salmost dark, for the window twas crowded with ~eraniums, and fi'nie broad leaves turned edgeways to th< light, , blocked the Danes, and all itheir big trusses of blossom, sc:arlet, pink. ,Aid w·ite, 'leaned in the same di rection, hungry for the sunlight. She spread the white cloth on the poliahed bhuvaun, and began to replace the orna i~ents, whichl .sh' had set on the centre table--lle white china dogs. the did sil ver lustre teapot Without lid,the redlhen -with a slit in 'her hack for pennies. She wiped each mechanically, slowly, and lnpt it methodically into the Tilaee it afi occuplet. "'There was a faint cry from the next room, followed hy a few feelbie knocks 11ith a stick; Hannah hastily set down aie red hen, and wont througth to the ritchen. Everything in the kitcheri was also spotlessly clean, but there 'was an satmosphere of suffocating heat, and a sickly smell from the pot of pig's meat bolling on the fire. An old woman, in a clean, stiflly starched white'cap, sat in ra dhair at theside of the fil-p. She washelpless with age, .and crippled from the cousequencec of a paralytic shock; her face, wrinkled snd drawn, but still alert, -seemed the only'thing living about her. In one oi 11cr big, weak-knotted hands she hli3 am oaken stick, with v;hich she rattled sin tile floor to attract -Hatmah's atten tion. "What o'clock is't, Hannah?" -she csked, querulously. "Just aboot three." . answered i;Han aah. na , .- . "Are ye no through wi' ' that -room wet?" "'Yes, I'm dune." She lifted.the heavy pot, and set it to.one side. ,"Are -eye -wearyin' on ye'retea, grannyTI'lla.ing -on the kettle-it'll be boilin' sune:", ..-, "'I dinna ken what I'm wearyin' 0on," -said the old woman, in tfle.thin,;yague ly fretfdl' tones of. ago. "D'ye seenae Tiing o' your brother?" ' ., "He canna be hame yet," said. Han "If he no gets spree't againi,'. said the grandmother. .. .. "There's nae use mne?tiu' sorrow .half -way," said Hanriah, quietly. Shie iifted tier stocking, and began to knit. The 'itten emerged from below' the table, liuinped its back, and made. a clutcli at the -wool. .There was a rap at tie door. "Dinna open it, Hannallh; it's some -neclin' body, and we're two lone wee kimn," said her grandmother. "I'll see whae it is." said IHannah. She peered out of the window, keeping carefully behind the curtain. Then sihe fell bace a, step, white as a ghost. '"The minister?" Iazarded Mrs Purves. "Wait a meenit; it's a man I ken," said Hannah. She breathed hard, and looked strangely scarfed. B3ut aS'the ra.p -was repeated she went to the door, and opened it. *"Weel, here am I," said the perspiring man on the threshold. "I telled ye I -was comin' to see ye-some day." "Ye've ta'en your time,': said Hannah, a little drily. "That's five year since." "No that, surely. Hold on, I want" to speak to ye-" "But come in and sit doon," said Han aiah, relenting. "Th is my granny. G·ranny, this is i-r Glennie-I dinna ken if I ever spoke to ye about him-we got acquent when I was in service." Mrs Purves eyed him suspiciously with her vivid dark glance, as he step ped in sweltering and wiping his 'fore Shead, with mingled embarrassment and Beat "I was through this way," he said apologetically. "I thought Hannah IMiss Purves--would excuse me gien' hoer iacry in. I hope ye'e woeel, mem." This with an evident desire to propitiate. "Just meddlin',"' said the old woman. "'We've a right to be thanctfu'-but I'm wf iu' frail." "And hoo are ye a'?" asked llann'hn, with a faint monitory emphasis on the last word. She had remained standing, and preserved a cold severity of mien. The stranger suddenly turned purple. "She's been ta'en awa," he said. "I hodna' make nae secrets frae you. It lwas the drink did it. . ... Woman, ye dinna ken what a life I Ilae had.. There's a little ane tae. . . A cripple, puir taed. . . It's mither let it fa, when she wasna' right. . . I. hae ha'en an awfu' life . . . an awfu' life." "Ye needna speak against her now, anyway," said Hannah, in the same grim monotonea "Hannah, ye might gle the man a drink o' milk," interrupted the old woman, who, only half-hearing the words, and not at all comprehending Ihem, yet took pity on his heated look. "Dinna fash," urged Alec Glennie. "Oh, I wasna thinking," said Hannah. She went into the back recesses of the house and returned with a glass of creaming milk on a tray. "It's rale kind, but I wasna' heedin'," said Glennie, as he took the tumbler. "It'll take the stoor oot o' your'throat," said Mrs Purves. "I think I'll be gaun," said the visi -tor. ;'Wili ye speak a meenit, Hannah?" le added in a lower key, while he shook hands with the invalid. "I dinna think it ser's," said lHannah, but she went with him to the door. "Ye ken what it means - me comin' here," he said, anxiously scanning her pale, set face. "I hae some notion." "Will ye-will ye look owre 't?-I ken I no used ye weel-will ye marry me eow?" "No," said Hannah, clearly but de cidedly. "I couldna make up my mind to face ye again; but I put on the resolution. I can gie ye a hame-ye'ed be guold to the helpless wee crater-and I aye like ye, Hannah, though I was infatuate --" "There's nae use gaun back on auld stories," said Hannah; "I has a helpless enough crater to look after here. I'm muckle obleeged to ye." She closed the door, and he stood Itupidly staring at the handle in humiliation and anger for a few Omoments. The pee-wits screamed and wheeled; the vast silence of the moor land mocked them. For a moment he meditated on knocking ngain-then he turned and heavily descended the road. "What was he? what was he wailtin'? " demanded Mrs Purves, insistently. "I used to ken him," said Hannah. But a tear scalded her eyes. In -her pride and wrath she had shut the door on the one love of her life. - . It was some six months later. Mark Purves came in with a quick step at an unexpected time, and his sister,-who was standing at.the.table straining her eyes over, a eheet of paper; hieatily put? It aW.y, and replaced the inkbeottle In the atrer oF the press wltlb- .conptsen air; which her brother w.s too much occu pied to notice. , Hannah wore a black gown; the chair by the Fil was empty. "I brought up the paper free Duns," said Mark, tossing it on the table. "The notice is a' right, but I had to pay a shilling for the deeply regretted." "I'll see it the now when I light the lamp." said Hannah. "Han. what d'ye think o' me gettin' married?" asked Mark, abruptly. "Was ye thinkin' o't?" said HI:anah, letting her paper spill burn her finger. in her amazement, not unmixed with dismay. Mark nodded. "W1hae on?" "'Liza Colvin owre at Farney Mill?2' "ls't settled?" "Lantg syne. Odny, ye ken, slve no car?d aboot comnin' in. to bather ni' her." "I think that's gey hertless o' ye, Matk," said Hannah, stung into plain speech. "Baith.o' ye- just waitia' or she was away. Ye tnight hae tellet me'ony "They was sae use makin' ye mad," said Mark, coolly. "And ye needna be ?a?d. yet: it makes nae ods.' - "And what aboot me?" asked Hannah, '3irectly. I-er brother's selfish eyes Yell. "Oh, we\l," he said, uneasily, " ye'll no likely be w'antin' to hide. Ye'll can get a place, easy enough; it's nae advantage to ye bidin' here." "It's a fine way to treat a body," said Hannah, bitterly. "Ye've just made a tool o' re;: Mark-I gied up a guid place, and guil chances, to come here, and V''e totten:a' my thanks in ae day." "Ye can bide for the term if ye like." saidl Mark, sullenly and shamefacedly. "I'l saeak to Liza." "Ye neednao. This is a' her git-up. But ye needna concern yersel aboot me. t'ken what I'll dae-and maybe I'll no sedk a place either." She thought with secret exultation of the half-written letter in her -apron pocket. "Oh, weel, if ye dac y'-rsel' a geid turn it'll no hurt me," .sid Mark, and'loung ed out of the house. Hannah took out her letter and.looked at it. Alas, she had huddled it by in haste, undried, and it was all 'blurred and blotted. "I'11 write the morn when Mack's oot the road." she decided, and took up the paper. "Puir granny," she 'thought, "little ye dreamed that sly Lizzie was ready to step into your shoon." ,She looked at the column Vhich re cords the commencement, the crisis, the close of eventful and unvr.entful lives: And her heart seemed to stopp '-ating as she read among the marriages: "At Edinburgh, by the Rev. Ninian Dinwoodie, Alexander Glennie, to Mary Landells, eldest daughter of the late Walter Keith." She laid the parer down quietly, and sat collecting her stunned thoughts. She remembered the baker's dldest daughter well-a large, slow woman,, with a rather gentle aspect, who since her father's death had attempted a little dressmak ing with very doubtful success. "He needit a hoosekeeper; and she needit'f hame." she said, half aloud. "I see.'. id 'its my ain blame if it wasna me; She had no rneoentilnct; only a dull sense of, pirosleetless rregret. She took ioutn'oer' lotted letter agaSn-a letter to IAli'- and her pride gave lie r a momen tary fiash of gli'dness that she had not ;sent' It There it Was, blurred and in complete-like iife. 'She liut it into the fire, and it flared :then the red sparks Ian on the black tinder- there was an end of her romance -and she turned a hean'yheart to the column headed, "Wanted, Domestic Ser vants."-"Illustrated Edinburgh News." 