When in the leading columns of this paper a week or so ago, the advisability of substituting a leasehold tenure for residence areas was so strongly urged it was not expected that the residents of the goldfields would so soon hear that a , reform in this direction was coming rapidly to the fore. The fear expressed V that the Surveyor-General might ,possibly return to Perth with the idea that the niaBS of the.people on the fields were in favour of the further alienation of the land appears, fortunately, to have been groundless. Not only does Mr. .Johnston recommend the adoption of the leasehold tenure, but, as advocated in these columns, this lease must be subject to a preceding residence for twelve months upon the area held on an ordinary minor's right. As pointed out in the Herald at the time it is not likely that in order to obtain the lease an area will be held and occupied for twelve months under a miner's right by any but a toná fide settler. It is a matter of congratulation that the Surveyor-General should have interpreted the opinion of the .mass of the people so correctly upon the vital principle at issue and it must be earnestly hoped that his recommendation will be sympathetically received by the Government. If Mr. Johnston's suggestion is carried out this will mean that, in the future, for the first twelve months an area mil be held, as usual, under a miuer'u right. At the end of this period the holder will, under certain conditions, liave the optton of continuing to liold it under his miner's right or of obtaining a lease for a period of 21 years at the annual rental of 10s. The applicant will be able to suit himself. If desirous of obtaining the assistance of a financial institution to build upon his block he will be able to convert hiB holding into a negotiable security. The day may come when, in the towns on these goldfields, many homes will be built in this manner, as ther have been in the cities of the Eastern colonies. Under,the.leasehold tenure this accom ?tnodation will be obtainable, and yet the land will not liave forever been alienated from the State. Neither will it be necessary for the holder to deprive himself of ready cash by paying what has teen significantly termed an "upset" price for his area. His rental of 10s. per annum will, in the long run, more amply replete the Treasury than if a lump sun* were asked for the more secure tenure sought by "the holder of i ; tqji^ifr right area. Whilst cordially , «àioraing thp views of Mr, Johnston upon tiie main point concerned, the publio will, no doubt, consider that some .. alterations ikight be made here and there in the regulations and conditions . suggested. It is not quite clear In the news «pàved 1>y telegram if Mr. Johnston has discriminated '.bafam reaix donoe and business areas. It is not „ «idewdiuitabje also for btitlnéts Mtéu, sepalor.rwddenoe and bnsinesa area* there 1 v 1 n '' ' <,' 4mufbe|)H8 cly.jmd ibat^ifi, T^esse-' Is, íal^^.^^^j^^yií^lilifíl^ enough ahead lor those to loçk who contemplate, buildfbgf np a ne^ town! T^^nestion Jujto» whether,^nder the: ing between residence and business «tea's might not, ift manyways.be eliminated is iui interesting one,* and merits careful consideration. It will bê only after due deliberation, and after publio opinion lias beeneufficiently ventilated upon the question^we presume, that the new rcgnlatiõus will be finally decided upon. Meanwhile, and the 4<iestion is not likely to be long delayed, it behoves eveiy public corporation and association to carefully study the detailed regulations proposed, and to see that suitable amendments are suggested. Jhere is no one the community except the oldfashioned land-shark who should raise his voice in favour of further alienating the land. The earnest baud of men who seek to at once procure for the State the whole of what is termed the " unearned increment" may rest assured that tinder the newer conditions the atmosphere will gradually clear, and that those of us who see only their ideals to-day may, lator on, be able to march side by side with them in the supreme attempt to free the landless. Mr. A. E, Tait, the secretary of the local racing club, received yesterday a telegram from Mr. Hopkins, secretary of the Boulder club, to the effect that his club had decided to race on August 22. Immediately the ultimatum of the Boulder club was received Mr. Tait wired to the W.A.T. Club strongly protesting against the Boulder club being allowed the date in question. The action of the Boulder club is certainly inexplicable for they are pursuing a policy suicidal to themselves. Had that club arranged its meeting for the Saturday after "Kanowna everyone would have been satisfied, and the Boulderites might have had a good meeting. As it is coming two days after Kalgoorlie and two days before Kanowna, they are likely to meet with the failure their action deserves. Lovers of boxing contests will be pleased to hear that a letter has been received to the cfleet that Harry Duggan, Mick Duggan and Dooley will visit Kanowna at an early date. The letter states that the younger Duggan is prepared to fight any 9st. man in the colony for any sum up to £50. A meeting was held at Doyle's Hotel on Wednesday night for the pur(iose of forming a junior football club. Mi. E. Jenkyn, of the Cemeuters* Club, was voted to the chair. After discussion it was unanimously agreed that o club be formed, to be called the Cement Juniors. The following office-bearers were elected:—Patron, the Mayor (Mr. Tonnigcs) ; president, Cr. Thomas Doyle ; vice-presidents, Messrs. Cutbnsb, DoneUan, O'Brien, Grant, M'Manus, Wyatt, Barry, Batlio, Purdy, and Robertson; general committee, Messrs. P. Sheedy, J. Nolan, C. Harris, with the captain and secretary ; secretary, Mr, C. Piccian. It was agreed that the colors of the club be blue and white, and the annual subscription 2s. 6d. Prior to the meeting breaking up Mr. Doyle entered the room, and donated £2 2s. to the club. A round of applause was accorded to Mr. Doyle, and a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting. The hon. secretary of the White Feather Hospital, Mr. E. M. Austin, desires to acknowledge receipt of £14 Is. from Mrs. M'Ciure in recognition of the attention paid to her daughter during the time that she was nil inmate of the institution. It was intended that yesterday should be the date for playing the return cricket match between the Kanowna and Bulong Councils. Several members of the former body were, however, unable to go to Bulong on account of the sitting of the Local Court, and the match was adjourned to a date to be arranged Anyone who attended the Council meeting on Wednesday must have been convinced of the fact that the business before the meeting should have been got through in less than three hours, which is the time it. took. This is not altogether due to the Jack-in-thebox system pursued in bobbing up at all times and on all questions. The want of system has a lot to do with the time that is spent. Were committees—such as public works, flnancc, health, ami other committees —to meet beforehand, as at other ^ouucils, • and prepare reports to be dealt with at open council, the business would be got through in a more expeditious and satisfactory manner. It is to be hoped that more will be heard of Cr. Begg's motion for the^ erection of permanent Council Chambers. The present office is most unsuitable in more ways than one. and a strong effort should be mode to provide better accommodation. The excuse offered by the railway depart ment iu regard to the recent action of the train leaving Kalgoorlie without waiting for the passengers from Kanowna íb an extraordinary one. The department says that as the Kanowna train had broken down the express waited at Kalgoorlie for 30 minutes, but could not delay any longer, so went on to Perth. It seems most extraordinary that the officials in Perth, who offered the excuse, do not know where tbc express train starts from. When the Government took over the line to Kanowna it was distinctly stated, and marked on the official tjme-table, that the Perth express would come on to Kanowna, making this station the terminus, instead of Kalgoorlie, as heretofore. Since then the express has oome on to Kanowna, and It is a mystery how the department can call the train whioh leaves Kalgoorlie the express, when itoomcaonto Kanowna. The Scriptures tell'of " Bachael weeping' for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not." So it was yesterday with a resident of the Golden Valley. She was weeping for bcr daughter, aged 16, who left her home, and she would not be comforted because the daughter was not to be found. Hor tale of woe was that a certain young man had abducted her daughter and that another woman was harbouring her. This was related to everyone, and those who knew all the parties concerned In the matter " emole a smile," and apparently did not think seriously of the report. The mother, however, appears determined to see into the matter, and maybe some, interesting evidence will be heard at the polioe court in a fm days. Theroocnt laroeny ofAcasetf stout from thenar of M'Manus' flotel will be further Investigated at the police court this morning. Two women and two men have been arrested in connection with the affair, and some In-' foresting evidence is expected. • The only persons presented at the polioe oonrt yesterday were two who admitted having indulged too freely In «ttmng driuk. It was i^eir first appearance, and they wen ahe wMl-lqwjvn Rdgoorlio sportíôg »'Squaâh " afanouõoo» 4n ^nr columns that tó wi» , eastern oolonlss iihdhM hli old ^ H n Haani he^m at'Poyle'a BP^SatiffatfA p'doab. : íUbé Jíayor <of Kánbwoa, Mr. Toiwlgos,lia8 BUpplicd ihe: Cemeuters. Football Olttb with ot the colour? ol the 5 : ^âstÍ3ntbufih's bilfat-fare the other night jairrtL Not'that this is anything êttraordinaty at this establishment, where the menu ÍB always of the most reoherche character, b,ut'.the extraordinary nature of one of tlie viands on the óecasion referred to was the subject Of general conversation. Lo and behold, down amongst the bill-of-farc were "Angels W,toast." Everybody .wondered ; there are angels and angels, but angels on toast are certainly somewhat singular. An amateur rhymster was so impressed that he became inspired, and the following was the result of lite muse :— Whilst taking our^rub At Cutbush's pub, Whom we knew aí a painstaking host, Who studies our wishes In providing choice dishes, Whether fricasseed, fried, boiled, or roast. We'd had soup, fish, and fowl, , Whon each gave a howl, And started as though from a ghost, For it'gnve us a chill When we saw on that bill An Item marked "Angels on toast." Now, we may be depraved, But we want to be saved, And we thought this a blaspheme so big, That relief was so great Wlion it cainc on a plate— A bivalve, on succulent pig. Mr. Fred Henninfiliam, the advance agent for Professor Kennedy, the well-known mesmerist, will arrive in Kanowna on Sunday, and miike nil arrangements lu connection with the forthcoming performances by that well-known entertainer. The Miners' Institute has been sccurcd for to-night week and the following night, and the professor should draw large houses. - Sub-inspector Orme, who, during a recent stay in Kanowna, made himself very popular with all classes, is now in charge of the Perth Metro|>olitan District. Although Mi\ Orme's return to Kanowna as a pcrmaneut resident will be gladly welcomed, yet, if such cannot be arranged, his many friends will only be too pleased to hear of his success and further promotion, wherever he may be located. The billiard-room at Doyle'6 hotel was crowded last night, when the first of a series of singing competitions, arranged by Mr. W. Batten, took place. There were seven competitors, each of whom rendere<l two songs. The audience, were then asked to act as judges, and the result was that Mr. Messenger secured the greater number of votes, with Mr. M. Fox, the well-known Ccmenter footballer, a good second. The winner received £2 2s„ the gift of Mr. Tom Dojde. The various singers were considerably assisted by the excellent manner in which the accompaniments were played by Mr. George Gardiner, late musical director of the Maggie Moore Company. At the council meeting on Wednesday Cr. Doyle called attention to the need of latrines on the various leads, and was informed that the matter was being attended to. The council, however, apparently do not recognise the urgent necessity for prompt action in this matter. Instead of one, fully balf- a-doion latrines are required on the leads, and particularly is one necessary at the end of the North Lead, where there is now. a large population. The council cannot be expected to get all these latrines made in a day, but they would act wisely in removing those near the town, which are but little used, to places further out, where they are badly needed. Mr. and Mrs. M'Donald, of the Shamrock Wine and Beer Saloon, Golconila-street, aunouncc that they will be pleased to sec all their friends this evening at a musical evening and social, when the genial host and hostess will do their best to entertain their guests. The Herald was much complimented yesterday upon being tlie only paper circulating on the field to have a full report of Mr, Johnstone's—the Surveyor-General—report on the fesidence area question. This is the most important question on these fields, not only to those who are here to-day, but to those who will come after us. and the enterprise shown by the Hera.it> was very favourably commentol upon. The motion carried hy Cr. Doolettc at tlie council meeting regarding the racing club was a most |«culiar one. As is well known, the Town Clerk is also secretary of the racing club, and Cr. Doolettc, always on the lookout for something to grumble at, moved that during office hours no business conuected with the rneeclub be transacted by the Town Clerk. There was no complaint that Mr. Tait was neslectine cither of the positions he occupied, but iu future no race business is to be done during the office hours of the Town Clerk. Exactly, but what are a Town Clerk's oftiee honre. 'That is a |Kiint which apparently was not. considered by the council. It is absunl to Bay that his hours are from 10 to 4\. when the offijc is open, for a. town clerk, something like a pressman, is supposed to be always on duty. Meetings of various kinds vin connection with the'council may be held at night time. Tlie Town Clerk would have to be there. Would dial be included in hi6 " office-hours." At the council meeting on Wednesday a letter was read from Mr. Vosper in reference to the forthcoming visit ol a Parliamentary party. The writer said that " arrangements had been made for the party to use the sleeping-cars in the train during their stay, so as not to overtax tbc hotelkeepers." Councillor Doyle smiled on behalf of liimself and tbc other bonifaces of the town. 