HOBART NOTES. Br KOTOS. DEAR FOOD. There is a little rebellion going on in Tas mania, mainly in the South at present, about (he removal of the duty on meat, dead and alive. The Assembly suspended the stock tax for a period of four months, Imt (lie representatives of the breeders in the Legislative Council would not have it at all. They declared that meat was cheap, wholesome, and excellent in quality, and that they were quite satisfied. Breeders then said if the tax wis removed meat would be no chraper, and all the breeders would be mined. The facts are notoriously not true, and the inference is manifestly false, for if prices are not lowered the breeders cannot be hurt. Yon are, how ever, familiar with the style of argument in .Victoria, where the farmer was to be helped with higher prices, and the public pleased with lower, but your stock tar does not seem to have accomplished this little piece of work. Here meat is so poor and bad that there hne been a general outcry for some time. The Council members think that people are a great deal too particular. The recent agricultural statistics show that four, vcars ago there were 177,000 cattle in Tas mania, and that now there are only 157,000 which are so bad that it has been proposed to impose a special tax to -compel the breeders to get better stock. The Governor has several times referred to the bad quality of the stock, and the consequent bad quality the meat, but the breeders and the Council heed him not. Some years ago the proportion of cattle to population was 1II per ho.id, now it is 0.C9. Yet the tax must lemoin, and, above all things, we most not! dare to admit New Zealand frozen or salt ! meat. The minere on the West Coast com-1 plain, there is agitation in the capital, pri-1 \atejy there is much discontent, but the Council is calm and satisfied, and intimates that there wxll be a better supply when the prass grows. The statistics of pigs are also ntercstmg. Semi years ago there were' 81,716pjg9 the island; now there are1 on.y 43,520, yet the population lias largely increased, and there has been 2d. per lb. f "ty all the time on imported bacon. The ?"£''7 *"5 on to k!*P out New Zealand tile nn i c^mes in aU tlie same, and daty RAILWAY TROUBLES. "itran f ^as to give the 2'^nch line to the Emu Bay Company* fc r tiTmaTrl6^ ***** ***>&>»*£ vL n lament defeated. W uSdfhCF promLied the ww*«ed branch, JL aPl>ens to be 40 miles long, before it eTrha^MUCHAS«LE«^ MSI foSitS that the hTch he line to Zo»f. c°TOPa,iy does not make its SSr didn ?\ *** »'?when «*. «?" Shan i ^ * °" oa itB P,ao any line to theS ',t could have the branch for The t u^; °0W * " «* »o branl liad fore J°TB toi* '** have their mvnfi "POP ttem the feet-and by <anno?Z^ there Sh i ^ without a fitem. The Warata^^L are graute^ to the if lhPi» : »? toa^?y ComP°nyi *» ^at S^SKSKKsS 2*r ?«. »»* »?iZ£Z AflfilOOlTOBE, »«.e Si7£.ttT"°,r fcr companton, «o ttwt the last ^ ^ lE On ST F W64 ^r very ivell em^mn farmer comes out eepeclaljjr as hb u «ettin(r jrood ^ ^arth-Wegt-coasfcer rejcKCM SSSS&«serC *** Tot®. unprofitableness of wheat-growing, but, this last year no leas than 21,500 acres additional were devoted to that crop, which Is a fact that goes to show that things are not BO very bad after nll> . The total quantity of wheat produced last year Is estimated at 1,668,811 bushels, more than sufficient to supply the wants of the whole population. The increase in the total yield amounts to 503,486 bushels as compared with that of the year 1895-6. Barley seems to have gone out of favour, for it shows a decrease of 68,841 bushels, but why this should be so I am quite unable to spyJ Taking all the grain crops, there is an increase of 537,439 bushels, bo that we Bee that there has been a very great advance in the production of wheat. . The assrage yield of wheat per acre liaB been 19.42 bushels, the highest for some years, and a fact worth noting when we recall to mind the long drought which prevailed. The fact shows that if wheal gets a good start dry weather -does not much matter afterwards, and there were rains in the spring which seemed to estab lish the crop. The potatoes suffered, how over, as did all small fruit, in a very -seri ous manner, indeed, even when it escaped the numerous bush fires. The total area in potatoes was 22,357 acres, or 3,110 acres more than two years before, yet the total crop shows a decline of no less than 32,299 tons. In this we see the effects of the drought. It is curious to note that the hay crop comes out very well, with on in crease of 16,504 tons, the yield per acre be ing actually higher than in what seemed a more favourable season. The hop crop is also good, and the fruit crop, of which the returns are not complete, seems to have escaped the drought and fire much more fully than was expected. MINING ROHAKCE. Some eight years ago or more there was a mining development at Mathinna; where there had been rich workings many years before, but which had stopped, as a belief prevailed that the quarts lodes did not go down. All the knowing ones were quite sure of this. They knew that the lodes ran out, and that to sink for them was a waste of money. No doubt a great deal of money haB been spent in looking for lodes at the place named; but the evidence points to Hie fact that sinking is what is required to discover the lodes, which seem only to become fully developed at a con siderable depth. One company, however, was successful, and that company is known as the New Golden Gate-perhaps as good a gold mine as is to be found in the whole world. The deeper the shaft is sunk the more solid and promising does the lode be come, so tfiat no one can say how many years of work there is in this once-despised j ond abandoned mine. But to my tale, as \ the novelists pay. A speculator, who knew j nothing about minfoig, took a fancy to the ] New Golden Gate," and paid little attention j to his agricultural pursuits, in order that i he might study quartz lodes. He took j heavy risks by buying a large number of j shares when they could be had for from 1/6 to 5/, with the result that lie became the j owner of some 15,000 shares, or about two thirds of the mine. For many years he re ceived dividends of From 1/6 to 2/ per share a month, so that h« ritfnes grew apace, and he was able to purchase a large estate; and now the shares are worth £15 each, ond he leaves his family the potentiality as well as the actuality of great wealth. Such is tfae romance of mining, showing how it is possible to plunge to some purpose. But there are many who sold those Golden Gate shares at 1/ and 1/6, and thought them-j selves very clever Indeed, especially when I they invested the money in another mine ] which was like the horse-leedb for calls. i PUBLIC ECONOMIES. There are vnany skeletons about Parlia ment-house, and a few ghosts that squeak and gibber at inconvenient times, occasion ally frightening members from their seats.. Quite a little pleasant skeleton is found to1 lurk uuder the shadow of the Speaker's wig. He recently took the House partly into his confidence about episodes between himself and Ministers, and facta have come out which serve to show how matters are managed under the gimlet eye of the Pre mier, who is a demon for details. It seems that the doorkeeper of the Assembly stood in need of a new uniform, in order to do jus tice to his position, and also a pair of soft boots that would not creak and so disturb the mighty julods of -the people's represen tatives. The Clerk of the House certified to tlie fact in the usual way, but got a reply that a uniform ought to last two years, and an order to «ead the uniform to the Chief Secretary for inspection. The dark in timated that he regarded his certificate as and rtceired an answer, "Send the uniform at once.** The clerk referred the matter to the Speaker, who declined, to recognise what lie called paltry interference*. Then there was a pause. In a few days down came.* memo, to the effect that the ifmpwtnr of stores would survey the uni form. Then the inspector of stores arrived, and solemnly 'made a survey of the coat and trousers. The trousers he regarded as some what shabby, but the coat, he rather itiought, might be carried off for a while by &e; splendour of new trousers with a gold stripe. What happened then nobody seems to know, but after a wiile the Board of Tenders, arrived on the scene, and accepted a tender for a new uniform at £4/10/. Whether the door-keeper hfcs got his uni form I do not know, hut let us hope that he will be as careful of it as a girl of her Sunday gown. The shoes caused* gooddeal of correspondence, and jh> has the hire of. vehicles for official waits to the Governor, die Chief Secretary, following the jlead of; the Premier, holding that a common cab is all that catki ptostbly bfe required. Thfe; Speaker has rephed tiut be is the servant' ofthe Assembly, andsrill consul tit, but in ineatifitoe lie vilj aot "take a calx",.. 