ARCHIE'S TROUBLE. You .say London is a big place. I call it . very little. I have found the world to be a little one and London is not quite equal to that. Perhaps when you have roamed about it as I . have you may think the eaoie. Suppose, that on your first visit to Yoka hatn» or Dunedin, the first ram who greeted you as you walked iuto your hotel, was your old neighbour Johnson, who had the villa next to yours at home, or wheu walking into tne news room of the ' Metropole ' at Naples, you found that the thin' man at the reading stand beside you -u your old college chum Robinson, wouldn't you iliiuk that the world was not so very wide after all F Meetings of the kiud take place daily. I am going to tell you of. one of them, only this took place in London. One of our largest country outer* w«s expect ed in town, so it was arranged that I should meet him. As he wai an important man to us, it was decided that I should give a, full day to him if neeesssry. So I treat over early to ibe brokers' in Mark-lane where he was to call, and learned that it was uncertain when be would arrive as be was known to have other business in the city end might transact it before comiog there. I found that there was DOthing for me but to wait about until be arrived. At two o'clock be had not come and bis brokers thought that as it bad grown so late, he would probably not call uutil the following morning. So 1 decided to go to lunch and look in again after. Selecting one or the quietest of the cafes in the Lane, I went in and ordered some light refreshment. The house' was one of the newer class, a liberal use of plants aud otner decora tire adjuncts, and a freedom from the heat and o Jours of the typical London restaurant causing it to be frequented by ladies. Seeing a vacant chair at agnail table near the end of the room I took m$ seat there and was soon enjoying a plesBant luucb. Making a survey of the surronudings, I noticed that three of the four ladies who bad been sitting at the ' table next to mine, bad risen, leaving an exceedingly pretty girl of about 18 as my nearest neighbour. Her side face was toward me nod there was euch an easy grace about her that she became an object of interest to me. The trim outline of her well-cut jncWfct and the seat hat of brown beaver gave evidence of a faultless taslo in harmony with the sweet-face of the wearer. I hadGnisbed my lunch yet I satstill, enjoying the delightful presence of the girl near me. A waitress approached her to receive payment for the refreshment she had ordered. The girl's hand slid quietly into I er pocket, I could see that she was feeling for her purse. A lookofeon BK'rnation came over her face. The purse was evidently not there. She felt again. Her look became oue of despair. She bit her lip and then seemed as if trying to recollect something. Turning her face, every lineament of which bu tokened innocence, upon the waitress, she said in a clear though slightly tremulous voice. '1 have either lost my purse or come without it. I have no money at all. Whatever shall I do?' The waitress smiled dubiously. ' It will be necessary to pay madame. Save you no memty ? ' she said. ' None. I am absolutely without a penny 'as my puree is gone. Whatever shall 1 do p ' the gill asked piteously, locking round. Her full face was now turned to me. Her embarrassment was painful to behold. I wu as certain that she was telling the truth as I was of my own existence. ' ' What is the amount ? ' I whispered to the waitress. ' Only a shilling, sir,' w»s the answer. I h&tiried; thft uraitrrtm a KhiHinf. nnri I akinp out a card stepped across to the girl. ' I noticed your difh'culty,' I said. ' Your purse bus most likely been stolen. I have paid, and thall be very happy if you allow tbe matter to rest,' - ).. ' I cannot do that, sir,' she said, colouring afresh. ' I will thauk you for tbe loan of the money, but please tell me where I can return it to.' ' It is not worth troubling about. I will, however, leave. you my card with pleasure,' I said, thinking that I might hurt the girl's I eel ings if 1 refused to give her an address to which the money might be returned. I took out my pocket-book and handed her my card and then rose to go I saw that tbe girl was struck by tbe name. A look of astonish ment appeared on her face. Seeing that I was about to leave tbe cafe, she rose abruptly and stepped lightly after mo. *' Excuse me, sir,' 6he said, timidly, ' but will you tell me whether you have a friend in Lon don named Carrutbers— Archie Carruthers ? ' I was perplexed. Outside of my omu family circle there was just one man in all London that 1 cared to regard as a. ftiend. I hat man was Archie Carrutbers of Chelsea. But how on earth had this eirl struck the name ? ' I certainly have a friend of that name,' I replied,, looking straight into a pair of, witch- ing, hazel eyes. ' 1 telt sure it must ue you,' sue saia, witn returning confidence. ' Archie is always talk ing aboat you. He will be so delighted when be learns you have helped ma out of tliis stupid difficulty.' ' Fray teli me with whom I am conversing,' 1 said, my curiosity now being aroused. ' lay name is Gladys Munville,' she replied in tones of silvery lightness her embarrassment having all passed away. She was Archie's fiancee. This was the girl he had so often enthuied over to mo, and to whom he had promised me an early introduction, M Lucky dog 1' I thought, as her countenance was momentarily Jit up with a smile of delicious sweetness. T '_ ' I am truly happy, Miss Manville, over the rrnnA fortune which has enabled ine tomeetvon. aud do you a small service,' J eaid, agree ably. 'Archie will be verjr grateful to you, as I «m,' she replied, extending fcer band. ' 1 am afraid, though,' she continued, ' 1 shall have to make another claim upon your kindness. I have come into town to see Archie, aud at I have, not my purse, I really have cot what will carry me to - hclsea. If yoj will kiudly lend me sufficient to pay for a ticket to Kloane square, I shall be so much obliged to you. I will ask Archie to retui n it to you. Perhaps you don't know .that he is ill,' she added, a kok of anxiety taking tbe place of the smile which hid beamed upon me a moment before. ' ' ?? I confessed my ignorance and asked her for particulars of my friend's ailment. It flashed' across my mind that it was nearly a month since I had seen h-m, a quite unheard of -period to pass without a visit from him. MisB Manville seemed to regret having made allusion to Archie's indisposition. To my question and others which followed, she gave replies which were confused and seemed cvai-ive. One remark, however,, which she let drop, fired my curiosity -and caused me Id determine to accompany her to Chelsea if I could arrange it Her remark cunveyed that Archie .bad worried himself ill over Mb ' troubie.it the office.' As I knew that he was cashier to a city firm of 'iigb standing, the remark made me Tery uneasy. It had a significance she Deter Oreamtof. Wtce MnnwitlA - - -- -— * ntTBt'invpil nhiin T KUff £Cttl-Ml accompun . mg h-c to Cbelst a. Kxplaiu ii.g that 1 could only dosq if the I*rty I wished to ste were r,u* likely to arrive, I persuaded her to w«lk wit't me to Uie brokers' that I might aaaiit-ur. On arrViog there a telegram was banded *o me. It bdviscd that 'Mr. Cuthbert f on, our cafoat'i, h»d biien unable to get to town, but that he would be at Mark-lane by eleven on the following morning. As I read tbe telegram and realised that I was free for the day, I seemed to see something cnore than chance in Cuthbcrtson's non-arrival viewed in conjunction nitb tbe way in which tbe news of Archie's trouble bad reached me. I saw it to be my clear duty to go to Chelsea without delay. Telephoning to Cannon-street that Culhberlson had not come, and that I should probably not return to the office that night, as 1 bad been unexpectedly aunimoucd to visit a fricud who was ill, I accompanied Miss Manville to tbe station and booked for Sloane- square. ? , . At ten minutes to four we were u»hered into Archie's presence in the sitting room of his house in Manor-street, Chelsea. Though we bad been announced, t thuugut Archie would have fainted when he saw me walk into his room with Miss Manville. 1 learned that sbe bad been quite unexpected, and as for myself, Arcbis would as eoon bave ex pected tbo Czar of KuMsia to break in upon him aa me. With a shy and unsasy air he roBe to offer me bis hand. - ? . i In h few words I explained bow I had be come acquainted with Miss Manville, and found uivself uuder the double obligation of accom panying her on her journey across ibe city, she being his friend ami alone under rather awk ward circumstances, and of paying him a visit to ascertain how he was. Archie smiled as I finished my narrative. »nd thanked me profusely for what I bad done. ' As you hare been so good as to come to see what is the matter with me, I'll (clt you tbe whole story,' he said, settling back in en rasy attitude, though .his look still betokened a troubled mind. - The story be told me was this. Three weekB before, to that very afternoon, be had made up at the office, as was bis custom, bis firm's amount of cash and paper for payment into tbe firm's account at the batik. The sum was £670, among which were two notes of £100 each. The custom wh» for Arcbic, as cashier, to count the cash and check off all paper, to place the whole in the cash bag which be then locked ond for tbe assistant casbior to proceed with the bag and key to the bank and pay tbe amount in. On that particular afternoon, when the cash was taken from the bag at tbe bank, tbe two hundred-pound notes were missing. George Chiswell, the assistant cashier, immediately notified the Iocs to the bank and hastened back to the office to inform Archie of it, ? Archie was dumbfounded. Almott tbe last thing ho had done before Chiiwell left for tbe bank was to check off the notes with some others and some bills. Though ho had implicit confidence in Chiswell, tbe faot remained that he bad tikcu tbe bac to tbe bank and bad had posses sion of the key to it. ? To add to their cou fusion a slip of paper wbich bad borne the num ber of tbe missing notes bad also disappeared so that there wero no means of stopping them. Archie was confident that he bad been the vic tim of a well laid plot ; tbe question was, who was the thief. : He was ratisfied that Chistrell had not consciously been a party to- it, but this conviction only deepened the mystery eurrouud ing the matter. ~'_~ ^ ''.'.'' Tbe principals of tbe firm bad been immedi ately apprised of the disappearance of the notes and they had ca-Jsed tbe officials of Scot land Yard to be informed without low of time. The case had been put into tbe hands of two of the most experienced' detectives, bat up to that time no clue to tbe notes had been obtained. From tbe facts that they had disappeared from his own department, aud that until the matter were cleared up, suspicion would naturally at 'tach to Cbiswell, Archie had mado hinvef ill by worrying over the robbery. He had now been at home for four days, and it wag easy to see the low state into which he had worked himself. ?' Wbat is your theory of the affair F' I anted when be bad Gnished bis story. i ' Thnt some one io the office took tbe notes. I fed confident of it, though I have not a ves tige of proof,' he answered, his eyes flashing excitedly. ' Do you sa«pect .anyone ?' I asked agwn. ' Well, you know, it is a very delicate and serious matter,' he answered, deliberately. ' It is,' I pursmd, ''all the more dtsirablo that auy reasonable suspicion should bo followed up. Have you no suspicion of any ono ?' ' 1 bave a vague find lurkiug associalion of a certain party with the affair,' said Archie, rising and pacing (he room uDeasily. ' I can't dismiss him from my mind. Night and day his face obtrudes itself, and yet I haven't the ghost of a sbred of evidence to connect him with it.' 'Who is be?' I queried, my interest now being awakened. ' A clerk in a good position. You would take him to be a principal by his manner. Ho's an awful lot of ' side ' about him ; dresces immacu lately and talks glibly about city affairs ; just tbe kind of nwn you'd rxpect to find dabbling in slocks.' ? f ? ' Can be bave taken the paper f' - *' That's just tbe point. Assuming that he meant to take it, be might bavo done. He is one of the clerks whOBe business it is to confer with me about charges and particulars in state ments of account. This brings him pretty fre quently into the cash-ofucs. He had been in it tiat afternoon.but I've not been able to connect any visit of his with the time of tho disappear ance of the notes, nor has Chiswetf. In fact, J would dismiss him from memory only I can't.' Archie could tell me nothing more about the matter. It bad made him ill. Learning of his illness, Miss Maiiville, bis fiancee, had corno from Forest Uate to see bin). She bad first gone, into tbe city and had called at the restaurant in Mark - lane for - lunch. Archie pressed me to stay to tec, but Ideclinst). There w»s still time, 'to get back to Cannon street before the iffice clised.Bol bade Miss M.auville and him 'Good afternoon,' promising to run out (o Chelsea again in » day or two. As I travelled to tbe city, I found my mind running most provokingly upon Archie's mis hap. ^1 had a strange and vague promonii ion that in some unlookcd for manner 1 should help him to clear up the mystery. I could not dis miss the thing from ray mind. Most of the staff had gone when I reached our house iuCannou-slrect, as it was then bulf pai-tfive. As I entered, our cashier, Fied Thornhil1, was leaving. It waB past b'iB UBual time as hoiiad remained to make up some mail accounts. _ ? ? . 1 made a practice ot informing Thornbill of auy iuti resting caBesof manipulttion of cash nr bills which came to ray knowledge, as a simple matter of piecaution. ' Mr. Thornbill,' I said, ' I have just been bearing a story that will interest you;' ?? Oh 1 ' he rcplien, smiling. ?' la it some thing very good ?' ' Just come btck for Bve minutes and I'll tell you all about it while it is fresh iu my 'mind,' 1 said, leading the way to my private office. ? He sat down and 1 repeated the story about the loss of Archie's two .hundred-pound notes. Thornbill list, ned with rapt attrition . : 'Well, really, Mr. CharHs,'' he said, eagerly wien I had done, ' ybu recall a circumstance that certainly had patsed from my mind, thougn at the time it seemed so unusual that I noted it. About ?a fortnight «go a oheque came in for £200. It was the unusual amouut, £200 in one ereo turn, that took my attention. so 1 looked at the cheque.- It had passed through two hands , before it came to me, and I saw that the first indorsement was by Crake iViaBerweni,. the stockbrokers. I concluded tbatitliad been paid to them on account of »unje Block-dtaling transaction. I remember wondering whether it was some Juggins they tad got hold of who had perhaps realised his savings and banded them over to be made ducks and drakes of.' ''What was the drawer's name ? ' I asked. 'I can look it up if it is of any moment.' said Thombill. 'I jotted it down at the time.' ?' Do so, please ; the morniug will do,' 1 said with a feeling of quickened interest in the matter. I bade Thornbill ' Good night,' and he de parted for home. I hid noticed that Archie studiously re frained frcm mentioning the name of the party he suspected. 1 now wished I had pressed him for it. i-omething whispered to me that 1 tnuBt obtain it. So I sat down and wrote to Archie begging him to send me the name of ths person he ruspected, by return of post. Thee I went home. All the evening, and for the greater part of the night, Archie's case occupied my mind. It seemed to have become my own individual affair and that I wasbound to solve the. mystery for my own credit's sake. 'This is the name of the drawer of that cheque, Mr. Charles,' said Tliornliill, ?- I walked iuto tbe cash department the next morning. _- He handed me a slip ot paper with the words ' Latere-ace Brand, September 26,' written in ink upon it. . ? ._ ? I had not then onrned my letters, Going to tbe private office I found them arranged upon oiy desk. Jjocltiug quickly through them, I noticed one with tbe Chelsea pott- mark. I knew that was from Arcbic Carrutbers. Eagerly opening tbe envelope I took out the en closure and read : — . - Dear Charlie, — The name of the party I alluded to is Lawrence Brand, For good nets' Eakc, mind wbat you do nitb the in formation. — Yours sincerely, iv.'.:i^ A. - I did mind. Within half-an-hour the detco tives who bad tbe care in hand were apprised of the facts that wherens, on September 2*tb, two one-humirej-jiound notes were etoleD from the office of Messrs. Canlyre, Crewdson, and ; Co., on September 26th, a cheque for two hun- j drcd pounds wn6 drawn upon a certain bank by one Lawraice Brand, a clerk in tho employ ment of Messrs. Cantyre, Crewdson, and Co., in favour of a well-known firm of stockbrokers. Before mid-day it bed keen ascertained that on Koptcaibcr 25lh two hundred-pound notes had been paid to the privato account of Lnv- ? rencc Brand at tho bund upon which tbe cheque was drawn. Yet even then there wib no direct evideuce that Brand had stolen tbe notes. I bad no doubt of it, and the detectives bad none, j nnd when the circumstances which had come to I our kuoivlrdge wore lnid before Messrs. Can tyro and CrewdsoD, they too, were satisfied that Brand was the culptit. The two principals accordingly summoned Mr. Brand to their priv.-.te office. Bidding him nit down, Mr, Crewdson calmly informed him that on September 24th thotiro notes of one hundred pounds each were stolen from Mr. Carrutbers' desk or cash bag ; that on tho following day, he, Mr. I.anrence Brand, had paid the said two notes into a private account in a certain bank, and that on the next day he hed drawn a cheque for the same amount on account of cer tain slock- dcaling transactions, i V We w..nt to know why you stole those nolea, and what you have to say for yourfelf ?'? concluded Mr. Cromlson, fixing a searching look apon Mr. Lawrence Brand. ? — — *? The culprit was so utterly taken by surprise that he could make no intelligible rqJy. Charged with the Ibefl in the face of the known facts, he could only imagino the case complete against him. He fell down upon his knres at Mr. Crrwdton's feet whining for mercy. Archie Carruthers is now married. He and his wife are n.y two best friends outside of my own family circle. I never meet Aichie without him referring in some way to what he calls my ' miraculous introduction to Gladys.' . I can't persuade him that thero was nothing unusual about it ; tbot this wrrld is a very little one, and that such events comn about quite iu U;e regular order of things. 