THE CONQUEST OF LOVE, BY MAGGIE SWAN, Awtisor of " life's Blindfold Game," &o.; McLaren paused then, and drew his hud Mrosahis eyes, not seeming to observe that the minister 'had risen, and stood looking ont of tho vdndow, his face full of shame and csoniiwion. " Ueigho ! I verily believe I've been preachi«K a sermon on the subject, and it has affected You seriously," continued McLaren, rousing; himself suddenty and speaking in different tones. " In spite of what I've said, Warden, Vm not ill-pleased to find fro home in time to have a dance e,t your wadding after alL When is to be, though? That's a question you haven't answered me yet." "Well, Icaii't very well answer it, sinoe I do not know myself," replied the minister Uneasily.- "but rest assured you will hear of it in eoofl time. -And now what about yourself? I've beep hearing great stories of the fortune you were making out in Coolgardie. IJave you sold out all your shares in the reef and -come iome to stay?" The relief with which he turned from the subject opened by McLaren was very evident indeed, and though the latter didnot seek to recur to it directly, he played ont his part to the end. They spoke of many things which concerned the interests of ,mon in -general, Jiut ofteneet McLaren's thoughts seemed to be with things «if the ps&t;,' -and he would break in with'some tender or happy remmiseence of their youth, with'which .Mien Stewart was always associated, and Warden responded with growing uneasiness. "J^earj dear! how,the time has flown—my (wo hours, gone already, and I seem to have had no morerthan & word with you,"exclaimed McLuen'ai length, springing to his feet and holding out his hand to Warden. The' latter made no effort to detain him, though well alvare that he was failing in-the commonest hospitality. He could not, he told himself;' 'bear any longer the Btrain of McLaren's society, and was so much upset tfaat it- never occurred to him even to accompany his friend to the door. "Good-by,' then, ~ Warden'; glad to have seen you' though it has been for BO short a time.. But you'll be dpwn at the Gairlooh very soon, I expect, and'if you can tear yourself \- away frbm Rose Cottage we'll have another talk bver old times." These were McLaren's parting] words. ' A few minutes later he was striding'down the street, his brows knit, his month set witii pain. "It's been a bit rough on us .both,'- he muttered below his breath; "a wealthy member—faugh ! I've a fair guess what's up in that quarter—what a fool the man is! Still there a real goodness beneath all his vanity and Ambition, and Ellen Stewart will bring it.oiit'-of him yet if—if I've not come back too late. David Warden stood in the middle of the floor whore McLaren had left him till he heard the street door'close, then "turning mechanically threw himself into a chair and sat looking before him «cith.8trained and anxious eyes. Only two hoars ago he had sat out in confinature, ever making it possible for him to decide ."Upon a certain step which he purposed taking that'Very'afternoon. Tt was true that before now conscience had even given bim many an uneasv .moment,' when the lovely wistful face-of. the girlto whom he had pledged his love rose up :hauntingly before him' But to-day the words of his old friend had stirred thought and feeling to their very depths, and he knew that though he had done a great wrong to Ellen Stewart, his love was still hera. -How good,' and sweet, and pure she . seemed to him'when in this first moment of awakening he contrasted her with the frivolous-minded, but Wealthy young widow, whom hB had 'been tempted to set in her place. Then s. wild tumult of remorse rose in his breast when he recalled . the -cold indifference and neglect with .which he had treated her during the past-months. • "What must ehe think of him? Perhaps-she had ceased to love him— ah, -that would' be < terrible indeed! The thought made him start again to hiB feet and begin to pace the floor with feverish anxiety. It was the least he deserved, he owned, since he himself- had- been so long careless of the bond ^between' them, but he would not allow another night to pass without taking steps to discoverlier.attitude towards him. . This decision he adhered to, and though it was now too late to travel to the Gairloch and see Ellen Stewart that night, he made part of the journey and waited in Glasgow, where he was on the Epot, to'catch'the first train in the morning...It was nunihg-when he left Glasgow, b'ut before he reached the Gairloch the elondB rolled back and'the sun shone out with dazding brilliance.. "Unconsciously his heavy remorseful, heart began to quicken wjth hope, and he made haste'to climb the familiar path to Rose-tGottage. , When he was still several yards away from it he caught sight of a slender, white-robed figure flitting to and fro among the rose- trees at the foot of the garden, and he paused,' fearing, yet longing to meet, face to fape the,woman'he .loved. Another moment and.he had paased through the gate, and was d»wing near to her. when she became aware of i his approach;. A low cry broke from her lipB, and. as their .eves met in one long questioning gaze, the colon r mounted to her cheeks ruddier than the jroeeB which blossomed all ground them. • "Ellen,- Ellen,.can you forgive .me?" he staminered- out brokenly, a sense of his own unwotthiness checldngthe words of passionate endearment that hkl risen instinctively , to'his lips.-<-''." .." Why have you stayed away so long, without a word -or a sign—oh! you have well nigh broken- 'my heart," she answered, and the colour fled sgain from her face, leaving it pale asalily." '*"" " I have wronged you eruelly,'* he went on coarsely—"I have been blind—mad, and did not-know howmaoh I loved you till the scales feJl suddehly irom my eyes. Ellen, say' you forgive me, and I shall strive to prove myself worthy of your, love—till then I -would not dare to claim it again." "It has never been away from yon all these months though you have been so careless and unmindful, of it,"she said, her voice fnll of mingled sadness and pride. I love' you too less—nay a thousand times more,"-he exclaimed passionately. . "Ellen, my darling,-my love, say you forgive me." The old words of endearment, which through many.a.long lonely hour she bad yearned so often to hear, set her heart beating wildly, and she turned to him with outstretched hands,'and eyes that spoke of nothing save the great and- unfathomable mystery of a woman's love. "Warden, am I seeing aright? Let me feel you! Are you flesh and blood, or is it-your ghost that is haunting the shores of the Gairloch in the full light of the summer morning?". '. The words were McLaren's, and with a merry twinkle in his .gray eyes he gripped hold of the minister's arm. "I thought you expected to see-ine very soon,"returned Warden with anepibarrasaed laugh. "Well. notquite so soonas this, you know; why! you've hardly given yourself time to write a note of apology to the wealthy member who was ja cause of concern te us both yesterday afternoon.'' "I forgofc even to think of that, but there's time enough yet," said Warden meditatively. " I have been occupied with other matters, .and have at last succeeded in fixing the -date of the wedding you are so much interested in. It is to be on the 20th of July, exactly one month .from to-day, and we expect, of course, that you will fca "present with yoarbleasing and your smile.'' McLaren's answer was not given at once. He turned away his head, and when he spoke after a brief silence, the love that "seeketh sot her own" had made a conquest of every other feelingin his breast. "I shall assuredly be there,"- he -said, in a voice which had a strange":unnatural "ring in it, "and when the time comes, will not fail you, either with my blessing or with my smile." . When the .mistress of a certain beautiful hotiBe at Merchison sat down to breakfast next morning, sho found among a number of other letters, an unimportant looking missive, bearing the post-mark of a place comparatively unknown to her, but, recognising the vnritahg~on |the~en¥eldpe, she tore it open hastily." It'was brief and very much to the point:— •. ' "Dear Mrs. Bernard—Accept my apology for my non-appearance at the garden party yesterday. I was unexpectedly detained at \- the last minute,-and bad to leave Edinburgh early in the evening on a matter of great importance^' myself. Lest a more suitable opportunity should not occur, I avail myself of this one -to tell-yen that, after an engageintent of some years' standing, I am to be married: on .the ,20th of next month. . Hoping I have your best wishes, I am, very sincerely yours, D&VID; WAEDEN'." Mrs. Bernard withheld her wishes, and also withdrew her name from the membership roll of David .Warden's Church. He never saw her .again, and a few months later the announcement of. her marriage to a wealthy Edinburgh merchant, went the round of the fashionable papers oT the day. 'True to Angus McLaren's convictions, Ellen Ste wart has made a man of David Warden in every sense of the word. He has cast out for ever the -spirit of worldliness and ambition which BO nearly made shipwreck of his life, and his love for bis sweet wife is touohingin its humility and'devotion. Though the matter has never been £0 much as -referred to between them they do not forget what might have been -had Angus McLaren, -the loyal hearted and true- not-intervened in time with so much delicacy and t act and on every occasion they strive to show him something of the gratitude they feel. He still worships reverently and "afar off the onolore of his life, and in the knowledge of her happiness finds supreme satisfaction. 