The Young Ruler, (By the Rev. George. Everard, M.A., Vicar of "Ohrist ? Church, Dover. "What"lack I yet?"-Matt, xix., 20. A mountain of self-righteousness lay at the back of this question. Ile who put it was rich in his pceiséôsionô, but still richer in hw "fancied merit. So he comes to Christ and seenie to say something of taie kind-"I have done my duty. I have ful-j 1 filled the law, ánd this from my youth. I have kept every precept. But tell me, is there airy I top-stone I can lay? Ia there any good work- Il can do that may still further adorn my life?',' With a few worde Christ touches this grand,.! imipcsing edifice of human goodness', and it'íálls: with a crash tb ' the.-earth. - AUl ie gone; uot^ al stone' or-'a' brick' remains:'? Humbled.»"andycréât--;} j fallen; he:goes back.' He kept his gold," but be-. I yond recovery he lest his wealth of goodness. Ia .. ! many- respects - ~. . i .-. '??>: : .. ' I THE YOUNG RULER WAS A PATTERN : ; j o£ what a" young man should be.. .H'e bore:a.. stain- | less character, in i?pite of the ..temptations that . wealth; bringi3.-- With earnestness,. and something | too of humility, he came kneeling at the feet' of; Jesus. Would there were.more of the same spirit! Would that our rich young men were leading pure lives, and had a serious regard for the claims of religion! And we are told that Jesus, "beholding him, loved him." There ia a great lei- eon here. Christ has a tender care for those who have not yet given themselves to Him. He sees what there ls j about them that may lead to something still higher. He does not despise the first dawnings of godliness. If only they will follow en where I He would lead, He will guide and Wees them all the way. There seems to some a difficulty about the Lord's first word to thie young ruler. He had said to Christ, "Gool master, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life?" He was FULL OF IDEAS OF HUMAN GOODNESS. "You are good and I am good, but tell me how I may be still better." Such was his spirit. But Jesus will not hold with this for a moment. "Goodness, do you speak of? Where shall lt be found? Go the wide, world over, and not one particle will you find that is not of God." "Why callest thou me good? There is none good but One, that is, God. Surely, then, Christ must be God, for was He not good ?^ Did. any man conyincé Him. of sin? j Was there "one, blemish on His holy and beautiful I character? Was not every act one of true, un selfish love? When asked by Christ as to the commandments, he imagines himself to be blameless. "All these have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet." Was he right? Did he speak the honest truth? "Yes," and "No." Yes, for he was no hypocrite. He believed what he said. He had been no profli gate, no thief, no defrauder, no murderer, no wilful deceiver. As to the letter of the law, ho was blameless. No, for he had never sounded the depths of the law. He knëw not that it had re spect to thoughts and motives, to omission as well as commission. THEN CHRIST MAKES THE GREAT DEMAND. He gives the young man a test. He may prove, if he will, his supreme love to God and his un selfish love to man. He bids him go and sell all ho has and give to the poor. Then let him follow Him, and he shall have treasure in heaven (Matt, xix., 21). It was a hard command, but was it too hard? If the love of God had reigned within, would not the Son of God have been more to him than all his wealth? If he had loved his neighbor as»himself, would he not have been walling to strip himself of all for the sake of the poor? Was it 00 hard a cemimand as that which Abra ham obeyed in yielding up Isaac at God's bidding? ' Was it a harder command than Motes fulfilléd in giving up honor, treasure, and the pleasures that Egypt could bestow ? But THE COMMAND WAS TOO MUCH for the young ruler. He goes back,. as Orpah to I Moab. He goes back, like the man In Bunyan's ! allegory, holding fast the muck-rake, and des I pieing the crown held out for him to seize. How .much he lest, who can tell? He forsook the sub stance for the shadow, and to keep the gold that .perisheth, he rejected the unsearchable richea which for time and eternity he might have ob tained. "WHAT LACK I YET?" Is this your question? If standing in the same ' position as he of whom I have spoken, you lack much.. You may be moral, yea, even religious in your own way, but do you heartily yield your self and all you have to Christ? Do you know th« meaning of a broken and contrite heart? Have you cast off for ever all dependence on your own goodness or merit? If not,.you lack the one thing needful. You lack pardon and grace and the robe of righteousness. You lack the teaching and com fort and inner power of the Holy Ghost. But Christ will give all if you ask Him. Never turn away from Him. Rather cleave to Him and wadt upon Him. He will care for you, and love you, and supply all your need, &nd; then througih Him you shall lack nothing. In connection with the return of the Primate from England, now as Archbishop of Sydney, by the Ormuz, arrangements have been made by Dean Cowper for a service of Holy Communion in St. Andrew's Cathedral on March 8, at ll a.m., and at 8 p.m. of the same day, for a public meeting in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, at which addresses of welcome will be presented to his Grace from the standing committee of the Ca thedral Chapter. À meeting of the Council of the Presbyterian Ladies' College, Croydon, was held on February 15 when the balance-sheet for 1897 was passed, showing a very large gross income, also a large profit, and a considerable amount paid off the building fund debt. The past year has been one oí the most prosperous the college has bad. 