THE LIGHT TEAT OABT NO SHADOW. Curious BtorkB are told at oat the powers possessed by ce»ta1n nativeB of India, who live up among the Himalaya moaotains These old men, it iB said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the reat of the world know nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances They treated him rather scutvily, but interested him all tbe same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept- The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professors BayB) a soft pearly light brightened the cave. Be could not tell whence it came, bat he noticed that it hud one strange quality-it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now tead it have no reason for doabt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or nnbelief commonly runB parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of-the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who baa been ill for years, and failed to find a care, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example: " In the spring of 1888," writes our cor respondent, "£ fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At fiiBt my stomach was de | ranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at my chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat np a sour fluid, alBo bitter bile. Later on I suffered irom nervousness and great depression ot spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. OS and on I continued in thiB way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few bottles 1 found relief j my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left <BQ. Although I had no feason at first to fee} «py confidence in this medicine, never baving used it or 6sen it used, I now gladly Admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my rwovery, for which I thank Mother Selgel'o Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Gtiffltba, tailor and outfitter, lfil, Hock ley Bill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter aud the story about tne light that cast no shadow. The Utter may be title enough, but it cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other band we have a trustworthy witness, Who will answer letters of inquiry, »nd CSti feq foUnd at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magioal about Mother Se(gel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases -. thufc universal disease--Indigestion and 1^.1TT,.'" ^ cures that, and throws the light Sftallth ^ -h!.T°TmTn unit homes where imC* <""i. Pj'° such dark and terrifying sha_B5. .And that is why people believe all that is tO»u itB success by eager witnesses. 