TWO B3UORLARAA1D A GHNOST. Nicholas Nicholson, asclerk in the om plov of thie Great Northern Railway Com pany, lives at No.2 Suburban Villas, Hull, and he is a first-rate amateur gardener. Mat. Matson, joiner,. lives.at 5No. 3, and his favorite hobby is poultr rear ing. Naturally, Mr Nicholson and Mr Mat son were sworn enemies. Civilisation has not yet attained such a degree of perfec tion that a gardener and a keeper of chickens can live peaceably side by side; consequently my two neighbors-both estimable men in every other respect were ever ready to quarrel on the slightest provocation. "I'll kill every chicken that comes into my garden," said Nicholson, savagely. " And I'll make you pay every blessed time," responded Matson-and he did. One night, when Mat numbered his flock, he counted one short. Two days later he missed another. Shortly after wards a fourth disappeared. "It's that cur, Nicholson, without a doubt," said Mat to his wife. "He thinks that by secretly kidnapping one at a time he will wipe out my stock, but I'll wipe him off the face of the earth, the thief ! the black-coated, stuck-up black guard !" " But you don't know for certain that he is the thief," shrewdly interposed Mrs Matson. "No; but I'll soon find out. That chicken which disappeared to-day is now in his pantry. I'd like to bet a sovereign on it. I'll make assurance doubly sure by seeing it with my own eyes. Yes, I'll break into his house to-night after he has gone to bed, and if I find my chicken in his pantry' I'll have, a policeman at his door before he wakes up." - "At 1.30 a.m. Mat jumped over the rail ing which separated his poultry run from Nicholson's garden, and he inspected the lock on the back kitchen door. He had tools with him, but they were not needed. The door was unlocked. The careless clerk must have forgotten to lock it. Mat noiselessly entered the kitchen, and closed the door behind him. He was soon inside the pantry, but his courage suddenly forsook him. Up to that moment he had felt so con vinced of his neighbor's guilt that he thought himself justified in sneaking into Nicholson's house. Now that he was safely inside he dared not strike a match in order to find the whereabouts of his lost chicken. To make matters worse, Mat heard the sound of moving feet. Nicholson must have heard him. Mat was overwhelmed with nervousness and fear. He would have willingly sacrificed every one of his precious chickens to get out of the scrape he was in, but he saw no possibility until -ah i-the flour bin 1 A long, narrow flour bin occupied half the floor space of the pantry, and with out hesitation Mat raised the lid, smuggled himself inside, and closed the lid after him. Only just in time. One second later, two persons came into the pantry. The one who spoke first was eviden ly aboy. " Ah !" thought Mat; "that's Nichol son's son, young Nick." A graff voice commanded the boy to hold his tongue. "That's old Nick," said Mat to him self. But it was .eitlleryoung Nick nor old Nick. The man was a burglar, and the boy was his son. They had overhauled the clerk's house. and, before departing with their booty, had come to look if there was anything to eat. There was; and while the burglar and his son were partaking of a hearty meal in the kitchen, Mat gently lifted the lid of the flour bin and surveyed the scene. At first Mat was glad. He breathed freely when he saw thlsat he had nothing to fear eln Iei own account, and ihe was unoigr.osilly delighted to think that hia disagreeable neighbor had boen robbed. A sack, which rested against the burglar's chair, contained all the clerk's treasures. Then 'Mat's better nature asserted itself. After all, Nicholson was only an ill-paid clerk. Although proud, he was wretchedly poor, and a visit from a bur glar meant that his wife and children would feel the pangs of poverty for many a month. " What a shame I" muttered Mat; " the poor chap shall not be robbed; no, not if Mat Matson can help it." Then, crawling out of the flour bin, he cautiously made his way toward the bur glars. He was covered with flour, and Ihe looked like a ghost, but Mat himself did not notice this. His only thought was to get possession of the burglar's sack. Suddenly the boy caught sight of tIm "ghost." With a howl . of terror and dismay, he took a flying leap clean through the kitchen window, and made off as fast as his legs could carry him. The old burglar turned round in asto nishment. When he beheld the ghostly figure, he quaked with fear, but only for a moment. That moment, however, was a moment too long, for Mat sprang upon him, and, with a powerful blow between the eyes, sent him sprawling on the floor. The blow convinced the burglar that he had not to contend with an appari tion, but, before he could regain his feet, Nicholson came to Mat's assistance, and the burglar was secured. "Thanks, my dear neighbor," said Nicholson. "Ishould have beenruined but for you. I shall never be able to repay your kindness. How did you get to know that a burglar was in my house, and howiever did you manage to give yourself such a ghostly appear ance 2" "I --oer-that is," began poor" Mat, "I saw the burglar enter your hIouse, and I followed him. I thlought I would scare him away, so I- er-took the liberty of rolling myself in your flour bin to make myself look like a ghost." C apital idea I You're a genius. You ought to be a detective.>: It was very kind of you to protect my property when se are not, I am sorry to say, on the best of terms. Matson, let us be friends." "Your hand, Nicholson!" Search the United Kingdom,.and: you will not find two better friends or more agreeable heighbors thani Nidchilasi Nich olson, amateur garderier, and Mat' Iot non, poultry rearer. 