*- THE BUS8-3 YEG-ESsKAPH.'' FBy Robert Allan.J For the third time in eighteen months the B-— — Station cattle had broken camp, and almost in the same ground, up among the Blue Mountaius on tht old stock route. The first time they lost twenty-five head : the second, thirty odd ; and the third and last time their loss was heaviest, and this par ticular mob had been under the care of the boss himself. What had started the cattle was a matter . of .opinion among the drovers, but all were of opinion that it was no groundless pcare that set them going like a whirlwind. Bill Best, a drover of un impeachable^ character, and with a noted habit of using profane and original blasphemy, having lost the second lot during his watch, stuck to his opinion, namely, that it was a blanky ghost,; for he'd seen, the white thing among the cattle just before they stampeded, so help him. The third lot broke camp during the boss' watch, and he also had seen something white prowling round just before the cattle broke. Yet there were ethers who had lost cattle when camped in the mountains, and they bad put the ghost theory down to rum and copperas tobacco. So, early in the following year, another mob left B- ? Station for Southern mar kets with the redoubtable Bill Best in cnarge. The boss, who was also owner of these batvy-faced Herefords, passed them on the road, bound for Sydney. * * * In those ' days some twenty odd miles north-east of the Blue Mountains lived old .man Jlart and his three unruly daughters. Qp in the reach, s, with the sleepy valley of the Hawkesbury far below, in the quiet of the eucalyptus, they had been born; the harsh cry of the king parrot, the jeering laugh of the jacka-s, tueir only music ; their creed, simple in itself, ' possession is nine points tf the law.'' Here alone, in soli tude they grew up from year to year, learn ing the mysteries of the weird bush, facing the drought, working among the odd lot of cattle by day ; at night lying out in the stagnant heat, listening to the hundred voices of the darkness. Of their God they knew nothing ; of the loves of man they -wondered -vaguely. The whole world of 'these three savage girls lay in the circle of a score of mile- ; of the world beyond they were entirely ignorant. In the spring time the animais mate;! in the bush ; the cm lews cried plaintively to each other ; the possums scrambled, two and two ; everywhere was weird, sensitive feeling — the heart of the solemn bush awakening. They grew to womanhood — tall, defiant, and strong. Their feet had never known the touch of boots, aud the fear that is born and thrives in their more fortunate sistei s in the valley below had never come to them ; they rop; d their young horses, riding them Ieg3 astride; and the odd lo s of catUe brought by the old man at times from away up the mountains they penned up and branded with the strength of men, swearing, and dodging, and blaspheming in the heat and dust. Barring old man Halt, the three girls had no equal at 'fak'ug' a biand, tracking a steer, or riding an outlaw. Truly, they were a godless tiio. Sal an : Jenny, rhe two eller sisters, were dark, like their muthe.-, long siuce dead, and Polly, the youngest, was red-baired, taking after her father. But such hair ! A heavy mass of tangled copper, coming down to her waist. Her eyes were grey and soft, unlike those of her sisters, which were b'ack, and wi;d as a half-tamed ' brumby.' Polly had a bad temper, but she did not often ' let out,' while her sisters were uncontrollable. Such were these three Australian girls; women .with the instincts of animals, and 'the hearts of savages. Men came to sec the old man Hart occasionally, and these girls, unsescd as they were, saw nothing out of the way in their cuising. If the old man got druuk, and chafed meni out into the bush, they waited patieutiy for the visitors to go ;the old man would sleep then. Sal and Jersny joked with the men, but Polly stood aloof, defiant, and one time when Black fc'am, her father's special crony tried to kis3 her, she laid his face open with a branding iron. One evening Tom Rook, from the main track, came over to see the old man, pre sumably, but it whs evident Tom had an eye to Miss Polly. He rode up at sunset. The three girls lay .under a big wattle, and the old man sat in the doorway. Tom hitched up his horse and came to th-.:m. ' The girls nodded at him lazily, and he sat down by them. ' Wall, wot's the news ?' asked Jenny. 'I've got a bloke stayin' at my place,' said Rook. Polly turned over on her elbows. ' You don't say so I Wot's 'e like ?' ' Oh, Vs a ' big bug ;' wears wide ridin' pants and clean shaves 'is face.' ' Wot'a he coae for ?' asked old man Hart. 'Holidy, I makes out. 'E calls 'imself a journalist.' ' Omph ! Is 'e payin' for 'is board ?' asked Jlart. ' You bet I ' answered Rook. He went on spe king. '?An' he ain't no new 'and among 'orses. 'E's got a filly over my place very close on thoroughbred, an' a grand set o' legs on 'er.' ' . ' Kin 'e ride ?'' asked the old man. ' Yes, 'e'd a fair rider wot 1 seen of 'im. :£j pops over them dogleg fences o' mine, an*, my oath ! that filly's a good 'an over stick's.' ? ' Any brand on 'er ?' Young Tom Rook leered at the old man, and dropped one eye lid at Polly. '? You kin stake yer boots there, ole man. She's branded in two places.' *? Bring 'im over,' said Polly. ' Oh, you'li see 'im fast enough, Folly. 'S's always mouclfin; ro.ind with a gun an' a ugly spotted dorg-'ound.' ' That evening, contiary to her usual habit, Polly wandered away 'with Tom Rook, and under the influence of her sudden softness of mood, Tom told her much of the ways i-.iid whims of his boarder At dawn next morning old man Hart went away towards the mountains, taking with him some flour and salt meat. Polly and her two sisters put in the morning killing a beast. There they worked in the yard with b.*re arms, the warm blood clot ting to their naked feet. After dinner Polly rode avi'ay through the t'visttsd eucalyptus trees on the trail of her father, out away from the old bush fence into the dry silent north-east. She bad been riding for per haps half an hour listlessly apparently, but the eyes of this bush-bred girl were quick and sharp over every inch of the ground. The dead leaves muffled the tread of hi r big bay horse, and he loped along like a camel. She pulled up suddenly, and drew into some water oaks, and watched something ahead of her silently. A big black and white pointer it was. He was working in a small circle, his big tail lashing his ribs, and his heavy black jaws were low on the ground. A moment afterwards a tall young man came through the trees, his gun at halt-rest. The fresh bli.od flooded Polly's neck and face, she drew in her breath quickly, almost afraid to breathe. This tall, good-looking young man, was strange and good to look upon. Then her bay horse, ' Bounder,' neighed and brought the man down upon her. ' Hallo,' he said, softly, ' what are you in hiding for, my dear ?' Shy looked back at him defiantly. ', 'Tain't none of your business,' she said. 'No! Of course not. I apologise,' and he smiled at her. Then she gathered a little pluck. 'Are you Tom Rook's boarder?', she asked. ' Yes,' he said ; :- acd who are you 1' ' fm Pelly £3 art.' ' Oh ! Well, Polly, I am out shooting. 'Am I trespassing ?' She laughed nervously.' ' It's all right, I guess. 'You- can't do no harm,' she an swered. -—-.. — _~~-__ — ______ . _ He drew near and patted ' Bounder's ' neck. 'I may come again, then?' he^ asked. ' v es ! [f yer likes to,' she said. ' I must be goin' now.' She looked over his head suddenly, and her face grew scared. He turned also. ' Hal;o ! whose is the bauly-faced steer?' 'Father's!' she answered, quickly. -' Look out ! I must .hunt 'im away. 'E oughtu'fc to be hereabouts.' She jumped her^. horse past him and started the bullock going. She turned as she coiled her whip. 'Good- bye. You can come again if yer likes to.' Gug Flinders waited till she was out of sight. Then he went in a big circle and flanked that steer. He got within a few yards, and the brand lay plain to him on the shoulder, a big double O. ??'?Well, I'm bloweil 1' he said. ' Yes,' he muttered, -( Yes 1 Miss Polly, I think I will ' come again if I likes to.' ' ? He did come again next day. He rode'up to the hoase and his filJy was a ' good 'un,' The two elder girls snorted at him. He was altogether too ncatand tidy to their notion. So they took him outriding just to try his paces, an'l he surprised even thesj hard faced, hard-riding girls. They tried to shake him off over the dog leg fences, but it was child's play to the filly ; and he enjoyed it and grinned to him self. Then they thought to' ' lose dim 'in the scrub, but he was ' on theic tail ' always, and very nearly lost them. After awhile he drew away with the red-haired Polly, and the other two got the sulks, and went horse. Near the place where she had first met Flinders, Polly pulled up. ' You must go 'ome now. I'm goin' on,' she said. ' Can't I come too ?' he asked. 'NoT Yer can't.' Their horses stood close together, and the man's eyes were very soft. ' Polly? don't you like me !' he asked. She pulled at her horse's mane. ' I like yer alright ; but yer mustn't com«. Therc'd be the devil's own row.' The next moment she was away. ' Whew !' he muttered. He rode care fully after her. He tracked her cleverly, but she knew too much, and ten minutes later shs 'lost him' between two long spurs. So he rode home whistling. Folly was very absent- minded for days after. For nearly a week she saw nothing of this l; new sensation ' in her quiet life She still went backwards and forwards to the oM man — the hush of the dry bush about her. At length one Sunday morning he met her, and he was riding the bay filly. They walked their horses side by side, and, naturally, the acquaintance improved. Another time they mef, but she would never let him ride home with her. it a certain point she always pulled up her horse. ' You must go now— No ! Ga'rn!' ' Let mp. come a little further, Polly.' ' No ! Yer musn't.' 11 There naow ! Goo'-bye.' JTe tracked her again, but presently he lost sight of her. He rode on indiscreetly. In a clump of golden wattle she rode on to him suddenly, her face naming with anger. 'Wotd'yer mean, yer sneak! Yer fol lerin' me.' She surprised him immensely. He blurted out : ' I'm so sorry, Polly.' ' See 'ere, dou'fc yer foller me agiu' or it'll be worse for yer,' she cried. ' Alright, Polly !' he ssid. ' Well ! a*e .yer goin' ?' He turned back laughing. ' Ye3 ; good bye !' Polly rode on for another hour, gradually working to the base of the mounta:n. She followed no defined track ; the lay of the country was enough for her. At length the bush thinned out, and through the gaps a rough 'humpy 'lay uader some heavy b'.oodwoocis. The old man Hart came out as she rode up. ' Mornin' dad !' '?Ycr late,' he said. - ? She got' off her horse and hitched him up. 'Kee here, dad!' she said; li the new bloke was foxin' me.' The old man swore. 'Ain't you good enough to lose 'im,' he said. ' '£.'11 find them yards, dad.' ' Not Mm.*' She turned to him earnestly, throwing back her heavy red hair ; ' I tells yer, dacf, 'e's a bush man. 'E'll track, me.' 'Polly 1' said the old rnatv; ' we'll 'ave to do the 'telegraph.' it's gutting close on our job now ; we can't run no risks.' Polly left for home late in the afterr.oon,' and half-a-mile from her hoase Guy Flinders caught up to her. She was'scft with him again now. They tied up their horses, and sat in the dead leaves. Guy Flinders was as usual riding about the- bush. The. afternoon was drawing in, and Polly had not come. He lay beside his horse in a clump of wattle, waiting. He looked idly-up through the tall straight trunks, but the listlessness left him suddenly. A man was riding down through the twisted ironbarks, an old man, and he was astride a three-cornered looking n?g ; as hard s look ing case as himself. Flinders dropped down. Old man Hart stopped almost opposite him. He got uff his horse and buried a paper, scattering, loose leaves over the place ; then carelessly he broke a small bratch and lay it near the track. Flinders laughed to him self, thumning his feet softly on the ground. ' At last !— Poor Polly !— It is a great pity.' He waited till the old man had gone, then he;, went quietly over and unearthed the paper. What he read surpised him, although he had expected something of the kind. ' Meet -me at ther yards, Sal an' Jinny. Polly, you stay to 'ome an' keep' a good look- out. Gals, be at them yards at eight o'clock to-nite, an' don' bring no dog», the mob will be up ther ter-nilc.' That was all. He buried the paper again and went after the old man, and, as the sun clipped behind the mountains, Flinders tracked -old man Havt to the duffing yards, and as he afterwards said : ' It was as neat a ' turn out ' as I ever saw in my life.' At dawn next morning Guy Flinders and. three mounted policemen rode silently to wards the home of the three girls. They skirted the bush, getting thereby within two chains of the hut. But under a tree Polly stood watching, her horse hitched up beside her. ' That's her !' said Flinders to the ser geant. 'Don't give her a show, she rides like the devil.' The three policemen ran quickly across the dead leaves, and they were within five yards before she turned and saw them. She cried out shrilly and jumped for her horse, but {he big sergeant grabbed her. ? - ' Lt:' me go !' tho screamed. ' Wot 'arm am I doiu'?' ' - She struggled,- cursing them, and they had t to throw her down. ? Then they carried herj kicking and blaspheming, into the hut. ' The sergeant left a po-icsman to guard her,: and joining Flinders, they galiopea away towards the duffing yards. At the edge of the clearing they stopped a j momeni, and the bellowing: of steers came to them, and now and regain the hoarse crying of the two bush girls. ' Sow !' said the sergeant. They broke cuvcr, galloping hard for the yards ; and as they came on the old man jumpedyacross the yards, scattering the cattle He got the top ra;l down and the next one jammed. The sergeant rede straight on to him ' Drop that rail, you are my prisoner 1' and old man ilarfc, looking up the snbutof the revolver, drew back cursing. Flinders climbed on to the rail and looked at the steers. ' It's all rijihr, sergeant, they are my cattle, and see, that lot there have been faked.' \- The sergeant slipped the handcuffs on the old man. tl Biff the pleecernan, dad.' yelled Jinny, ? the eldest girl. She turned on Flinders : ' Yer snesk, I always thought you was a - pleeceman.' ' Say I Flinders, here . come3 the olher girl.' He turnod quickly. Polly galloped isadly up to him, riding bare-back. She umped off. ' Oh, yer coward ! yer cur ! yer pleece- ' man. Yer says yer Moved me. Oh, my God!' She stood under a wattle, graspiEg a bough above her. F.inders turned away, his face very while. Truly he felt worse than a policeman in her ? eyes. ' Bring him along, sergeant,' he said: hastily. They left two policemen to mind the c-altle and turned away. Then Polly in her anger and grief shook the bough above her, and the golden blossoms fell in a shower about her. ' Yer cur ! yer pleeceman !' ' Then l»c turned to 'her : 'I am no policeman.' L? cried out ; ' I am Guy Flinders, owner of the ? B ? Station, Queensland, and these are my cattle your father has stolen.' £he looked at him a moment. ' Yer takm' dad ?' she Eaid. ' Naturally,' he answered. , ' An' yev ain't sorry ?' Shes waited an ' * answer, her. eyes alight, her hair lay in a heavy wave abont her. ' You are mistaken,' he said, softly ; '\ I am truly sorry.', .„ ' 'Then yer loves ~ me, ' an' says that yer do ?' she cried. '? 'Old yer row, Polly !' said the old man. ' It's too late now.' '? D'yer 'ear me ! D'yer 'ear me !' she cried : and so she called after him, this man who had made her leve him, until they dis appeared in the bush. — Australasian Pastoralists1 Itevieio. 