WOMEN EULM?IGHTERS. I oontended that there were no 'new women' in Mexico — that is to say, among the natives. But, said my friends, triumphantly : 'You come with us to the bull-flght next Sunday and see whether thero aro or not, before making suoh wild statements. You'll find that Mexi oo is, if anything, ahead of your Anglo Saxon races in tho matter of 'new wo men.'' Therefore I went, The ocoa sion was tho debut of a cuadrilla of lady bull-fightea?B, and a big orowd had con gregated out at the Bucareli bull-ring to see tho fair senoritas. Every one waa on tho tip-too of expectation unti,l the ladies entered for tho promenaide, and loud was tho applause when they did ap* pear, certainly quite fetobing in thoir torero costumes. They aro rather pret ty, all Spanish, and tlio combinations of colors they had seleoted wero certainly all that could be desired. At the start off,, somo quite pretty work with tho capa was done by Loh'ta and Angelita, tho obieot of their attention being a frisky young bull. The orowd liked this work, and applauded the senoritas loud ly, Aftor that, Angelita very bravely knelt in tho ring and ohallenged tlio bull At this every one yelled and applauded ; the band played tho 'Diana,' over amd ovor again, while up on the sunny sido tho peonos shrieked 'Bravo — bravo, An gelita.1' and flowers, dollars, purses, and spools of thread came rattling into the ring. Next came tho banderillas, wield ed by Angelita and Enoarnaoion, Ow ing, I suppose, to the fact that a wo^ man's aim is never what it should be, in every oaso except one tho banderillas went very wide of tho mark In faot, the little toret© seemed to regard it in the light of a frolic, and frisked around in tho happiest manner. The banderillra work was not a success, though ono must say that these strong-minded wo men of Mexioo got muoh nearer to tho bull than the average new woman of Am orioa would caro to do. The picadores wero eliminated, and so the next 'thing to tho banderillas was the killing ! Every on© waa on the.qui vivo' as An gelita took the aword, determined and calm. She w.ore a beautiful combina tion, of purple and silver, and looked very pretty indeed. For about four min utes sho labored with all her might, but the naughty litttle bull refused to be touohed. He frisked about wildlyj and; made divera alarming butts at Angolita, in reply, to her attentions with tho sword, Twioe she was 'bunted' and ?oiled in tho dust of the ring, and, had t not been for a male torero., who waa n the ring to assist, Angelita might iavo got her own quite, in place of the toro. As it waq, no harm waa done, qt: jept to the bull, who received scratches and outs from Angelita's sword until he tnust have wondered wha-t sort of n mata* dor had hold of him. No doubt it was as muoh of a stirprise to him as any one. else when tho fair torera finally did touch the vital spot, and tho poor little toro bit the dust, and finally rolled over, dead. Again the audience shrioked, and stamped, and bravoed, and. moro dollars, and flowers, and spools, of thread turn blod down at the fair Angelita's white slippered feet. She tripped about from side to side, bowing, with hands on her heart, to tho sol and then to the somhra; It was rather funnv to see a woman ur- roariously applauded for work that a man would have been- hissed «and hooted for, but it goos to show tho innate gal lantry of tho Moxioan people, %The next bull came in, and again two of the girk teased him with the pretty capa work. In this they do very well. In tho oloak play there is no 'aim' required, and it really is not difficult for fominino hands. All you have got to dp is to flap the oloak ait the toro, and, if he gets too near to you for comfort, dodge briskly be hind a barrier, But the girls oame out of tho oapa work without accident. The banderilla work with this second bull was on tho samo lino with tho first — ? that is to say, about as bad as it could be, and even the good-natured audience could not keep from groauing. For my part, .1 groaned for tho bull. They jab bed at him, and scratched, and struok lim until it wna a sight to bahold, Out of tho two banderillas they sometimes placed, one, and then the girlswpuld rush off and bow, and spread out their hands in alarmed gestures at tho bull, who ap peared thoroughly dumbfounded and ut terly a.t a loss to know what it all meant, Agflin Angelita was oalled upon to take the sword and kill tho toro. With Span ish grace she bowed and beckoned, and went through, all the usual prelimi nary motions, and then made the first whack at the little bull, She aimed from a close distance, at the neck; ? na turally, the sword took the animal straight in the ribs. The bull went -for her, head down, horns out, and evident ly with the idea of doing murder, If the main bull-fighter, 'El Negrito,' had not been in the ring just then, no on© would have known what happened, An gelita having lost her sword. If took quito a time to get the bull sufficiently smothed down to give him another thrust, whioh took him in tho neok, near enough to the vital spot to tumble him,' But he was by no means' done for, and it was only after some shoirp work that the littlo bull gave up the ghost and stretched himself out on the sand. The decorated- whito mules dragged him out a moment. after, amid the 'plaudits of. the orowd,' to join his compadre outside in the corral, whence next day would be sold, nice beefsteaks and 'rosbif.' So good-b'y bull! Tho third bull was' brought in, and the capn work com menced again,but we did not stop longer. I admitted that the 'new woman' of the' United States were not 'in it' with the so-called too feminine and cowardly wo men of Mexico. Because wEere is the strong- mindedAmei'ican female who will, single-handed or with the help of 'El Negrito.' for that matter, face, and tor ment, and lull a bull as did these intre pid femalosi— Exttanjero, in the 'Ar- gonaut,' . San Francisco, City of Mexi co, Maroh, _189S,__ ? ' of additional notes to his father's poems, which will include rauoh entirely fresh information, 