? Cut off an arm, and vet a man Can fuel it still, they s;iv ; The sleeve is empty, but the ghost Remains behind for aye. And when a maid do/Vs skirts and takes To bloomers, 'tis l-hc same ; .And on the wheel she pulletli down Those phantom skirts for shame. A. A. Middleton's attempt to reduce the 2o-iinlc road record held liy Wally lJickox, of the Victory Club, in the East Melbourne Road Race last Saturday, proved unsuccessful. Mid. obtained fourth place in the race, and his time was just 42 seconds longer than that of thtt Brunswick man last year. H.err Badiman, the tierman cyclist who has handicapped himself severely in a journey round the world by vows to carry no money and speak no English, arrived in Calcutta a month ago and proceeded across to Bombay. He took fifteen days in this journey, and says he slept at night in a hammock slung up in a tree, but mosquitoes of a large and ferocious type bothered him exceedingly. He carried solution for repairing tyres, but these birds \- 7{liey were about that size—seemed to prefer the rider," and he was punctured to a fearful extent before he reached Jie 1'arsee city. Having no money, he made f.rtangemenls to sleep in the public gardens, bi t a native guardian of the peace ran Iiiin in. am) lie spent the remainder of the night in " choKv.yv' Some countrymen theu came to' the rescue ami subscribed the amount of his passage to Sic/,, while others arranged for his food c.'i route. ,1. A. Bagg, a Rurra cyclist, accomplished a phenomenal ride from Broken Hill to Adelaide last week, cutting up the record in quite a Pearsonlike manner. The distance'is 335 miles, and the road is used for travelling stock, which stamps it as little, better thai; a dray track. He covered the journey in 30 hours 32 minutes, thus beating Vilnius record by no less than '2!) hours ! Overlanders Denning and Wright seem to have had a bad time on their Perth to Adelaide journey. They separated at Coolga nlic, and the latter pushed on alone. Later on illness overtook him, and the consequent delay robbed him of all chance of equalling the time put up by Snell for the same trip. Denning made a fresh start, and nothing was heard of him for a fortnight. Then lie turned up at Norseman with a chronicle of machine mishaps which necessitated his return to Perth. • He intends to make a fresh start shortly. Bull-lighting on bicycles appears to have emerged from the region of idea into that of fact. According to tin; Madrid correspondent of an English paper, a show of this description has recently been given in the Spanish capital by the Madrid Bicycle Club in the Plaza de Toros, The improvised toreros were all cycling men, and they appeared in their cyclists' outfits, while the public consisted of their friends of both sexes. Each torero contributed about one sovereign toward the expenses, and each of the spectators—who were admitted only by invitation —also paid a small sum. Some two thousand persons were present. Six- small bulls were killed. • The proceedings, which were under the direction of a well-known matador, came, of)' with unexpected ordei"and were pronounced a decided success by everybody. Owing to some misunderstanding, the road race of the Coburg Cycling Club, run a fortnight ago, was re run hist Saturday over a 20-mile course. A considerable crowd of cyclists assembled to see the start and linish, but out of 27 nominators only nine actually competed. The winner turned up in F. H. Orford, who had 30 seconds start, and accomplished the distance in the club record time of oGmin. 31sec. A protest was entered against him on the ground that he had tandem pacing instead of single. This will be decided at the next meeting of the club. Did you ever notice the retrospective and. conemplative smile on the face of the old-timer as lie bserves the mild- sensation caused by the appear. •nice in a city street of a disentombed "ordinary"? , . - Vv- Every cyclist should invest "fh Broadbenfc's Road Guide*, the: fourtliiedjfi<in lr iDl which is just issued. Maps mounted on calico ar<i the new feature in this useful hand-book, whiclf.; gives a lot of useful information and practical, up-; to- date hints to tourists in return for a modest-' shilling. It is more than probable that J. Carpenter will shortly make an attempt on the 100 Miles Australasian Road Record, which is at present {credited to <1\. R. Broadbent in competition in the : 96 WaiTpambool'Road Race., Carpenter's mount 'will be a Dunlop-tyred Swift, and he will have the assistance of triplets and tandems for pacing. The Western District roads will be the selected route,, and with fair weather conditions Jimmy- should not be far outside World's Record for the distance, which now stands to the credit of A. A. Chase (Eng.) in 4hrs. IGmin. 35sec. Revision of die constitution is again a battle cry among the members' of the League of Victorian Wheelmen. The old co iplaints of a'cumbersome and unworkable council, which was to be cured when the last attempt at reform was made, appear to be as bad as ever; the few practical and hardworking members of that body are hampered by the irregular attendance of men who care- little for the sport, and know less. This is now to be altered and, with that object in view, Councillor Schwaebsch moved at Monday's meeting that a committee be appointed to draw up a scheme which could be submitted to the League for approval. This -was agreed to, and Crs Leon, Pirani, . Salter, Wood, Schwaebsch, Tieruey and Robertson ; were elected. In view of the fact that the annual elections are at lisnd" it is to be hoped the committee will lo >se no time in formulating an acccptable scheme. On Monday last the League Executive considered the case of R. Wall work, who was charged with having made a book at St. Kilda on 19th April, he being at that date, a member of the L.V.W. After some discussion, in which, it was alleged, the. accused'had booked'bets while 81 essed' in racingcostume, it was decided that Wallwork had been guilty of unbecoming conduct as a member of the League and that his membership lie cancelled. The opening of the new rooms of the Melbourne Bicycle Club at 245 Collins-street was celebrated last Friday night by a banquet of "250 covers, 1 President George Burston took the chair, having on his right the Mayor of Melbourne and, 011 his left, the Hon. R. W. B$st. Among the guests were representatives of kiudred bodies, suburban clubs, and prominent citizens. Mr. Burston opened the ball by declaring the hew rooms open, and took the opportunity to say a few words on the history of the senior cycling organisation of Australia, and one he has taken a large part in building up—the M.B.C. " This club is yours; see that you make it a success," said the president. After the good things provided by Mr. Skinner had been discussed, and the cloth removed, toasts and music were the order of the eveniug. The Hon. R. W. Best proposed '• Cycling," which was drunk with musical honours. Otherftoastswere " The visitors" (Mr. J. Gregg), "The M.B.C." the Mayor of Melbourne) a?d " The Press " (Dr. Springthorpe). I11 responding to the toast of the club, Mr. R. M'Cullagh, the lion, sec., remarked that the M.B.C. had existed for twenty yeate, and he hoped the twenty-first birthday would see another gathering of the clan?. He was proud of his position and modestly disclaimed personal merit in working the club up to its prestent standard ; he had been greatly assisted by a hard-working and enthusiastic committee. During the evening an excellent programme of recitations, songs, musical and graphophone selections and other interesting items were rendered by Messrs. Will Elder, C. N. Hall, S. Graupner, G. K. Heron, W. Barker, Peebles, Castles, A. M'Coy and others. Mr. S. G. Pirani, a League councillor, is in favour of taxing cycles throughout the colony to the extent of os. and ?Myingth C! cycle str i P K -we don't km nearly oO.iKi -T-2- ie derived w. niilesoficyclc path p j:|(ce,ynG doubt, hut generally will appi ,,-, other sporting hor;;, ^ that they should lie. portion of city and . while using the roads local bodies 'vlso ,-r vehicle and foot traii, by ' these authoritic. they gras]ied the j' ;, growing army of consideration. No cheerfully contribut. improve the wretched is it good policy to do were to combine and 1 ' >''!«? i n" '""ttjftj, kinj .-.,!,f " '^.^owafcnj !( Miosr- r ^ f it ptstut; ll, a f „ l hB •»»**! *mnia J their »'•»(• nana ls : 'iWl:Meli> IHiorseaieiij makes j-oad repair iic, • ,ur V-,„ fj>!i object to pay a little more in U ^ g now has to pay for ,] 0., not be forgotten tln.i tl, c ^iW. laid down at the „f ,. he 'J^jl traffic would not be !• served i w C •$ but would be availal,!, fnr.iS a certainty that horsemon.'vepeuill trademeo s carts woubl -amhol , surface. This beinj: i; proposed tax is an unfair'm : lmvmn derived would have to i». ^proa^ nvcrtbf colony, and would then 1„> a i ncre drop h,, compared to the sum required fur roadt n Victoria. It is probable that tin- Ivi-st Melt w r3 and Coliurg clubs will join the- Ferniw in'L a good programme of cycle racim-at tb'1 tion on the 28th May. Two of the'best points in tlicRedBinirn the cycloidal sprockets, ^liidi are cut wj chain blocks and give them an incretsrj surface. With the ordinary bprookft iliisjl the ca,se, as the chain bears on •oulv tw > with the result that it soon wars itseif j wheel; the sprocket theu hei:omc> oat d i Cy Uoidal sprockets (rear iiiif] fronttaredotai" and fitted to all machines built liy the Ra people, and should prove an important < tion in the selection of a wheel. The Ariel pump clips are the luradji nattiest articles that we have yet e«m pump can be dislodged, used, and then 1 within record time. This is as it sliouldiej old-fashioned pump attachments. lliato!ik| up their ' prey after the applicaiioa otj ingenuity, can now he fhmg into space i the numberless other etl'etc accessories tfa been tested by practical fcxperienu' wanting. The Dunlop Tyre <>:. art: desirous of^ stimulus to road riding and eluli rivalryaat ensuing road racing season, and v.ithtiiss view now offer to donate a lwmlsome 1 value £50, censisting of 10 gold mortals, toli peted for by all cycling clubs (amateur 1 Sessional) throughout Australia, Thcwral conditions to be as followsTen ridi selected by any one club to compete in a IS Road-Relay Competition against tiineoverj and-home course to be selected by ilie repfl tives of the respective duhs. Kach riderM a despatch ten miles, to he then handed) next rider, and so on until ilie last man J despatch to the club's appointed time-kef in turn will b-. required to forward wtkfj Tyre Co., a certificated time-slieet, sigurfj responsible club otiieials, also full giving names of competitors and time tal each ten miles section. A handsome liqueur stand was pr«« Saturday to A. E. Pearson I>y!iisa»if& Suburban B.C., Sydney- ^ uiimW| their appreciation 01 l.is jilicnonieiiaiiys recently from Jlclbournc to Sydney, reduced the record in '-'i hours. 