[?] jAjiwrohs.-Tlie 18 fchojiah fopal municipal1 aadibars as one winch ionld meet with yraE%m2mWmicces8ariiy, "SepaySsSio Tiavo tf£' electron of local auditors in lb air hands. for. the position seldom enters into tbeir minds. The conaeqoence is that tile audit of municipal accounts is in a large measure H a matter of formality,, as is als,, H the case in friendly Societies' Lod, where members arc appointed as a H inaik of respect to fulfil the duties. If the H work were undertaken by -competent well. B paid officials it would lie carried out more B effectively and less expensively. Atptescni B the ComimsaQDers of Audit check the lio-jk- B of every Receiver of Revenue and Clerk of Petty Sessions in the colony by personal in- fl spcctaou, -and the system has worked In-t I satisfactorily. Why could not similar I machinery be introduced in municipa fl mattetsf Half- a-dozen men thoroughly I pnifirieut in bookkeeping could audit the B whole of the municipal accounts annual Iv, I and the expenditure on the service would B be comparatively small One objection that may be taken to the present method is that, I the municipal secretary- knows the precis date when the auditing will take place, aud - if his books axe not in proper condition he I has ample time to prepare mem for inspec- I tion, whereas rads a proper Ky-tcui uf H supervision the auditor riionld make his ap- I pearmce nnannimnced, as is done by the H Commissi oners of Andit. " H Ax Excess of Zeal. — A case' wkidi ' I created some anrasemeat was heard in the I Coieraine Court on Wednesday, w-hen D. I H. Martin, a travelling machinist, was prosecuted by the Wannon Shire Council for baring disfigured certain bridges by I painting words thereon. Mr. Silvester, who I conducted the prosecution, said that the I defendant bad written on certain bridges in I the Shire, " Death," "Judgment," " Hell I and Eternity," "How shall I escape Hell; I — Believe on Jeans," and he -was about to I add, "And forsake tin," when some officer I of the Council, who bad no eye for pictorial I or ecclesiastical art, pointed out to the <lc- I fondant that be was acting contrary to the bye-laws. .The defendant pleaded guilty, I but said he thought there was no hann in I it, as he had often seen references to to- I bacon, sdinapps, etc., on bridges. He found I spiritual death everywhere, and he wanted I to snake men and women better. An order I was made against him for 12s damages and I £1 12s 6d costs. I Gahbuxg Craze d.- Havana. — 1 A'otwi the landing the war the lottery bnsi- ness in Havana goes steadily on (says a con- I temporary), and there -are daily drawings, I besides the monthly and semi- monthly ones. I Men are not the only buyers of tickets ; as I many women may be met in the lottery I offices as men. While none of them ap- 1 parently have a penny to spare, they all live 1 on in expectation of bring abont'to meet I tbeir lack face to face, ana win the capital I prize before the day is over. The police cl I the city dispose of the tickets, and every I resident has to take one each day or give I some good reason for declining. An alcalde I even sells tickets to the petyle as they come I -ontof church, and while in the church all I the people were asked, and practically re- I quired, to make a contribution towaidsthe I support of the city government. The city I government, as snch, does not sell the lot- I tety tickets, bat it numbers a lot oi like 1 ways of raising money. The profits from I the lottery go to the Royal Government— 1 that is, to the horde of Spanish officials who I are foisted upon the island by Spain. I EXDEAVOUBIfiU IY THE SOUTH SEAS. — An interesting address was delivered at | the meeting of the Presbvteriaji Christian I Endea\\-onr Society on Tharsday evening by I the veteran missionary, the Rev. Dr. P&ton.; I Basing his remarks on the eighth chapter of I Acts, he described how the spread of the I Gospel in the New Hebrides had been rig- I nally aided by the Christiaii young meii of j the islands, who not only formed themselves 1 into Endeavour Societies, but also devoted j themselves in the. znost earnest way tola- I financing their heathen neighbours, with the I result that whole villages had abandoned I Jieathenism. The venerable doctor: who j with advancing yeans, still retains as j strongly as ever bis missionary seal and eii- 1 thusiasm,was listened to with rapt attention I by all preseat. The Rev. Dr. Patoc will j occupy the pulpit of the Presbyterian J Church to-morrow. He will also conduct a missionary service in the afternoon at three I o'clock. 1 A Sensible Ixxovatiox.— ' Mar- maduke " in Truth writes : — It was noticed at tile funeral of Mr. Gladstone that most of tlie mourners who followed tile remains I of the great statesman wore tbeir lints. A j piercing north -east wind prevailed at the time, and the day might be describal as a summer morning ioed. When will the verv nureasonable custom of following the dead bareheaded be abandoned 2 Every year i hundreds of men are drives to their deaths because they have not sufficient strength of character to ran counter to custom in this respect. To stand bare-headed by the side I of a grave in a bit ter east wind whilst the funeral service is bring read is no real mark of respect for the remains of the one who is dead, and it is an especially dangerous practice. Tbk " Sydxest Snowball." — News of the erratic career of Miss Grifieirs Aus tralian snowball co 11 tin ues to arrive from all parts of the world. I have had two copies of the letters in French sentto me(says Truth ) during the last week from SSurioaui, aud two from different parts of France. One of the latter has been foand in the possession of a demoiselle in a young ladies1 school at Neuilly. BoubtJess school children have played an important part in disseminating this historic begging letter. It is perfectly (dear from, the fact of the letter having lieeu translated into foreign languages that the original pretence of collecting old Koglisli stamps for the benefit of the cottage hos pital of St George's District, Hurstville,was all bunkum, and that Miss Grifien is now amassing postage stamps from, all countries in the world, that- is to say, articles which Jiave a yety considerable commercial value. It is quite tune that the authorities of this hospital at Sydney, or the neighbourhood. wno originally gave their countenance lo this questionable enterprise, should wash they hands of it. To stop it is, of course ethdy beyond .their power, but they can at least enlighten the publicas to the amount they have received from Miss Griffen, aud the use which it is tobe put to. Court Brotherhood Xo. 3J2J, A.O.F. — At the half-yearir meeting of the abow Court held in the Forestera'Hku, for the purpose of receiving the balance-sheci and -report for the past quarter, and for the election of offices lor the current term, the following were duly elected installed C.IL, Bro. fL Goss; S.C.B-, Bro. \V. Hudson ; Treasurer, Bro. G. Cliristiu ; Secretary, Bro. J. T. Kenedy; S.W., Bro. Atoss 5 J-VV-, Bo. J. Black; S»B., Bro. Ksclmeon ; J.B., Bro-R. AGllard. The reporc and balance-sheet was then read, showing a credit to the Sick and Funeral Bnndfofj £2857 9s $fd? and to the Manage ment Fund, £22 6s 9|d, being a grand total iff £2879 16s 6d. and this was naaoimouslv received and adopted. , Tbeei naAandccr-- tificate of Mr. W. H. Melville, who had beria appointed to examine and report on the securities, etc.. held by the Court, and also as to the investmentof moneys and cash at the various bank was then read, when it was unanimonsly resolved; that it was a jofitoe of satisfaction and pleasure to the btethrea to recri\e such a report, both as rrds the. trustees, auditors and officers, and thac.the thanks of the Court were due to those who had managed its a&ira; during pastyears forobtaj ning siudi a magnificent Aft.wtes pf Jhanksto the several omcera had been passed -and acknowledged, the meeting rioae£ : - Hbtoton oohbt pr Jftsrrv Ses- Q0K&\--3ie only case dealt with by Messrs. .ttlBayimma, J?s.P., -Jetty esnpn j Wjas one 4h which John ||£|8SSW ddirered. plaJnanti tyd .nbteined an onler -for the .care wbiJiailim Yie wasetruck out, .appear- tie Tlaaely jble In utile, xoqmnln, AutuVaUe i,. ' 1 te'. l.c laid from Ijondon to Birmingham are to 1,0 insulated by means of specially pre- iiaivd pupci', aud should this iuvention aii-« cr another large field for the employ- iiu.nl of pajier will have been opened np. \t ihi Rltv Japan will soon lose its moii-poly of paper-made goods. Tin; Elisctojial System. — Mr. <ouvcs. member for Dclatitc, has givcu notice <>f his intention to move on Wedncs- ,lav. -I 'hat in the -opinion x>t this House, in view of the pledged intentions of tbe Go- Ycrnincni to amend the Electoral Act in the direction oi giving effect to the principle of one adult one vote aud the referendum, that a Suloct Committee of the House should be appointed hy tallot, or nominated by the iiovovmncnt, from !x>th sides of tbe Cham- l».jr. to inquire into and report upon the uorkin of tiieprescut Electoral Act in re- Mid to the election of members to this Ifoue, and particularly with regard to the following points : —How far the i>rcsent cNiaiiug' system favours the return of mem- l,Ll> hy minorities in lieu of majorities, and to what extent it has already done so ; the number of iuhabitauts and the number of \ dters on the rolls of each electorate; the approximate numl)crs that the proposed amendments would increase the voters'" rolls >v: as to the present system of two elec toral rolls for each electorate ; the suit ability of the present boundaries of tlie electoral districts. A Serious Mistake. — A singula r.wfrrffMjMull owing to the gross error of a clerk" iu the Education Department has ot-eurml at StawclL Some time ago the Stoic school was closed ou account of the pre valance of measles in tlie -locality, aud tending its rc -opening some necessary re pairs were lo be effected, though nothing lias yet been done iu this dircctiou. Ou Tuesday the head teacher, Mr. Trend, was startled by the receipt of a telegram from the Department ceutainitig tlie peremptory .»nlcr to rc-opcn tlie scliool next morning. Mr. Trend communicated with the local board of health, at whose instance the school had been closed, but they knew nothing about the matter, and the health officer ex pressed his decided opinion that it would Ikj unwise to open the institution for I sonic time to come, and upon this the 1joa.nl of health absolutely forbade tlie re opening of the school, the Education De partment notwithstanding. On the follow ing evening the Minister of Public In ruction sent a telegram apologising for what liad occurred, stating that it was due to the gross error of a clerk. How such an error came to be made is Dot explained, b«t had the children re-assembled before i lie danger of infection was over, very I serious cousequeuces might have resulted. The Sleatr-Levien Imbroglio. — I The report of Judge Murray who sat as a Commission in bydney to inquire into charges made hi the Legislative Assembly hy Mr. Levieu to the effect that Mr. Sleath, I a" Labour member, liad attempted to blow I up men with dynamite at Broken Hill, was , I laid on the table'of the House on Thursday j 1 ni<rUt. The conclusion of the coimuissiouer I I was that, from the whole of tbe evidence, it : I was clear there was no proof what- I gvcl' of any one of the charges which formed I i lie subject matter of the inquiry, and fur- I thor, that it appeared that at Broken Hill I efforts were made by the police to ascertain I w hether the strike leaders were in any I maimer transgressing the criminal law, with I i Ikj result that eight men, including Messrs. I Sleath and Ferguson, were arrested, aud I prosecuted on chnrges of conspiracy to iu- I cite to sedition and rioting and unlawful I picketing. It followed that the police I authorities had not discovered at tbe time I anything more serious than the charges of I eiiiispiraev, such as was imputed to Mr. I Ijovieii against Messrs. fcleath and Fergu- I -on. T he evidence adduced 'at tbe trial, I . wliicli notliiug substantial had been added I iiv the inij :;i ry, pointed only to the con- I lemplatiou by tlie accused of certain un- I lav lul acts, such as derailing a train con- I i .tilling free labourers. Tbe convictions of I the accused at Deniliijuin were all for vvbat- I infill Ijc described as unlawful picketing. I The Commission, therefore, found that the I charges remained, after all practicable in- I ipiii-v, absolutely unproved. Mr. Levien I hnvinc amply and unreservedly apologised I m Messrs. Sleuth and Ferguson, by whom i lie apulngv was accepted, tbe matier was I nlhavcd to drop. I Hamlet. — The second of tlie Hov. I Joliii Reid's uiterestiug lectures ou Sliakes- I p-ai c was given in the Oddfellows' Hall last I uiclii. in tlie presence of a very large and ap- I pircialivo audience, of which ladies formed I H hu ge piojiorlion. - Tbe subject of tUe lec- I i lire was fjliakcs>care's masterpiece, I Hamlet," which was treated by the ice; I Itircr w ifli cousuuiuiate skill. He fiest dealt I villi the tragedy in its historical aspect, I showing lioiv .the original conception bad liccn touched aud improved by the master I hand till it assumed its present form. I Shakespeare had a magic power ialbense I of the language, and bis vocabulary eon- bisicd of no less than 21,000 words, most I "f which were now recognised as classic I lin-'Iish. In analysing the subtle charac I ,er of Hamlet, Mr. Reid traced the I ctHusc of eveutsi wliicli bad gone towards its formation from the tiaie when the hero first lcai-utofhis mother's hasty nuptials with ihc Iiiunlei-ur of his father, pasting in re- I view- the interview villi the ghost, the murder of Polonius. and so onward .to the I closing scene. Hamlet had been charged I hy critics with inconsistency, but he was I always consistent to himself. It was urged lliai ou hearing of the murder of his father I ii would have been easy for him to have despatched the King with a sword thrust, but it was left to be storked out slowly I under the guidance of Divine Providence, the murderer being tortured by thepangsot conscience -till retribution fcU upon him in the closing act, Hamlets was a subjective character which would present itself differently to different swraenm. I The moral faculties outweighed the m- | tcllcctual, aud iu the lecturer's opinion tins furnished the keynote to Hamlet s apparent I inconsistencies. The lecture was I .-tcrscfl with several recitations from the plav which were given with admirable I elocutionary effect. Mr. Beid wiU ddiver I Ms third lecture ou ihP iS2nd inst. I Fike JIuigade Competition.— The following are the handicaps for the mm- | peiioutobe run by memberaof the ;lral 1 l ire Brigade on YYedutsday, 2GtL last., for I the trophy presented by Mr- Donpny : I ltasluuu, scr f Cross, ljsecj Corcoran, 11 ; R- tioss, 21 ; W. Wilson .and J. -J, Holmes and W. Steel,3i ; R. Smith, Dtrro, | Cameron and Dew, 3jf; I Lindsay and Mallinson,4; 51-Cty,Youtgi 8 Shipbam, Elijah, M'Kfinae, EUfon, Slo«n and J. Cameron, 41. > I Sixlui's bttle 12-year-old _ hing speaks I hy the R.M.S. Peninsular amount to B 4240,000. , .. The Crotty will litigation is setHed, the 8 widow consenting to take an income I -piic Oaocnsland Cabinet is disenssmg a I sclicine for the decentralisation the Oon- liul of the railways. Prustia owns forests, mines and railways,, which now yield in the gross upwards pl| I an Imperial penny.postage is not supported iu eflicial circles in the colom 1 I 1 Messrs. Robert gtapyiton Bree mni C<N I I wiU offer for sale, at. I large eonsigumentof x-idnabletauu" I "ft U computed that ft K3uuy postage scheme w'ool ;; lexsy to the local ilopariaiietit -ofsomfi wSILyw. 1 ""iTmrotate of the late J- 1 linn of Messrs. Snatb and I solicitors, of Melbourne, has been sworn «t !-" 1238,000. ' A BaUarat atBament - saliy; | -I Irvine -"I shall vote ,|for.thebi»Md ! Mr. :fl hroadmindwi man.1 v? VY: jL hm Mr. Reid has ul l'rcmierof Q.ueensland.that liennone| ?; liim in a coifferenoetm.theNpwAu'U' cessions until sfterHie J, 18 Australian rolomes 9 W £22.e98,317, f -9 Lord Loeli .celolawted a birthday on 23i-d May- LVjfeMgiSasBI 1-9 oi having seiwed 'tlih MUe&.cSgKSSSS'. M eoldier, and etifor iU er lue . 1 ' A plucky dealer, luccutiy dis>osed at Kloudykc of his entire stock of eggs for 111264, thus tuakiug the substautial prolii of Is 2d ou every egg of the 21,000 uc took with him. Queensland has perhaps 300,000 acres under wheat, New bouth Wales 1 ,500,000, South Australia 1 ,730,000, aud Victoria, allowing for an increase of 130,000 acres, say 1,000,000 acres, or a total of 5,450,900 acres. A meeting of the uucmployed was held at Berth, W.A., on Monday evening, when about 2000 persous were prescuL A resolu tion was carried impressing on tlie Govern - meat the necessity of providing work for the unemployed of Pertiu Tbe Queensland Government will next session introduce a bill to establish a Uuiversity of Queensland, or a University College to l>c affiliated with an existing colonial University. A vote of £5000 per ammm will probably bo asked for as a grant to the institution. Dr. C. N. -Simons, of Bright, narrowly escaped death on Sunday. While diniug a small piece of meat lodged in his throat, and it was some minutes before it could be re moved. He bled freely from the eyes, nose, ears and mouth, and was rendered blind for many hours, but is now recovering. Sir Rupert Clarke, when he goes to Tndia next month, is desirous of taking the best 13.2 bauds pony obtainable in Australia with him. He lias given an agent instruc tions to secure the best animal of the kind that can be obtained. Sir Rupert is anxious to win the Civil Service Cup iu. Calcutta with him. The annual report of the Government Resident of Thursday Island for the -last year shows that the population of the islaud. on the 1st March, 1898, was 1702, against 1344 on the same date last year. Hie total European population was 60S, against 571, whilst tlie number of Japanese was now 619, compared with 331 last year. The Pall Mali G asetttr has published an article dealing with some of the transactions of Mr. Ernest Tcrah Hoolcy, who rcceutly filed a petition in bankruptcy. In the article Mr. Hooley and Mr. Whitaker Wright, a well-known Loudon company promoter,- are charged with having bribed the late commercial editor of the paper. Organising meetings of the Parliamentary side of the N.S.W. Ministerial Federal Liberal Party and of tlie Parliamentary Labour Party were held ou Tuesday. It is understood that these two sections havo arranged to co-operate during the elections, with the result that a Government candi date will not oppose a labour nominee, and vice rer«a. Mods. Gilbert, who is making a walking tour round tlie world, arrived at Albury ou Tuesday morning. He was four days walk ing from Wangaratta, a distance of 45 miles. He left Melbourne on the 16tii June, and has thus been three weeks walking 190 miles. He is footsore, and will spell three days in Albury before leaving for (Sydney via the railway towns. Wreckage, believed to be portion of the missing steamer Fiado, which, is supposed to have foundered with all hands off New Caledonia during the hurricane three months ago, was observed by the ete&mer; Hone on 28th June, on tbe coast of that island, 100 miles from Noumea. M. Jouvc, owner of the Fiado, has engaged tlie Hone to return to procure some portion of the wreckage, so as to render identification certain. The wreckage consisted of portion of a main deck, spars and bucket racks. 