NEW ;GUINEA :: LAIiD: ,SHABKING. The Secretary of State for the Cola nies apparently regards the protests of ,New~ South Wales annd Victoria in the matter of, the. colossal land-grab in Ne·v, Guiinea'?ith much unconcern. His latest attitude is that he will en deavour .to obtain some modification in the terms of the ordinance if the syndicate will assent thereto. This is rather aa rich way of putting it, as in monetary affairs those who have fared well in a bargain are ever disposed to magnify the sacredness and irrevoc ableness f :the bond. Mr. Chamber lain, too,: 'appears -to have a remark ably strong desire to sawe Queensland from be.inr charred: with' a bIreach of faith in thel.matter. :'lit the other Australian colonies )ill not see the affair in that light. If a man has swindled another it is not for the for mer to refuse to make amends by say ing that any such action would mean a breach of faith. No person has any right to tlake advantage of a wrong committed by him. And a govern ment should be in an exactly similar position. Mir. Chamberlain is not only of opi nion that Queensland cannot repudiate the agreement without a breach of faith, but holds that the- northprn colony was not strictly bound to con sult the other Australian Governments with regard to the grants though: he assumed that the conference, held at 'Melbourne had given it full-considera tion. Well,ifwe admit that:the govern ment of a State should do right. only when it is compelled to, we may-be prepared to accept Mr. Chamberlain's views on this subject' as correct.' If New South Wales and Victoria, which pay a large share of the cost of ad. ministering the.affairs of British New Guinea, have no right to: say-how that territory shall be governed. the sooner they cease to occupy so anomalous, a position the better. If. Queensland is not bound to consult the other contri buting colonies with regard to. New Guinea affairs Queensland cannot ex. pect the othei colonies, to keep up their payments. Altogether the Colo nial Office appears to very poor advan-. tage in this affair, which, under other conditions than those which now exist, might have a very serious inlu ence upon the relations between thecs colonies and the mother land. The Colonial Office has not the ghost of a leg to stand on. 