The Perils of Divers. Drivers who have been down in foreign seas tell of exciting encounters with sharks. But appears that “the demon of the sea," with all its voracity, is a little timid in pre- sence of the strange helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing air bubbles. A diver who spent some years at tho Australian pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a shark: I felt instinctively,” he saa'H, “a strange presence before I saw aoy thing. The small fish usually found in groat numbers among the corals had entit'-lv disappeared, and the absence of these flitting little com panions, when one has become accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense still ness. A creepy, indefinable, sensation of dread took hold of mo, and i. - became one of downright terror when 1 turned and saw within 10ft. of mo, the bulk of an im mense shark. Tho ■roauire lay almost mo tionless, half hidden among a mass of col web corallines. My first thought was to bo pulled up ; bub as fish have human nature enough to want a thing t-s soon ns thev see it is being taken away from them. I remote.-! tho idea. A sweep of its tad, and the great fish and I wore face to face. Holding mv breath, I stood perfectly still, mv heart beating wildly and my eyes rivet ted" on thc wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that tho monster was :nspiv~- ing mo with some curiosity, and after a few momenta I became aware that by an alnics; imperceptible motion of its flexible rail it was gradually approaching me. Nearer and nearer camo the leviathan, the shovel-shaped nose pointing directly to my face-glass. Flesh and blood could stand it no longc r . and with a yell I threw up my arms. In stantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished.” Another shark story," this time from the West Indies. “A largo steamer.” the diver relates, “had struck on a reef and then slip ped off into deep water, taking down with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particulariy wanted, and I was in the chart-room, un der the bridge, working for them, when sud denly, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big shark close to me. It was a nice fix to bo pinned up in the corner of a little square room with a big brute between mo and the door. 1 went creepy all over. I can tell you. But I kept still and so did ho, except that, ho worked a fin lazily, bke a screw steamer holding on against a tM.’ I got tho knife in my belt loose, and warned. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me. and gradually drifted over to tho other side of the room. I began then to move towards the door, and had aim ) reached it when tho shark made a sudden rush in tho same direction—and disap peared. Which of us got tho bigger frigid. I don't know.” But encounters with sharks don’t always end so. Some years ago an English divei, who was at work on a sunken wreck off tho island-of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark every day for a week. At first ho had no trouble in scaring it away ; it was enough if ho gave a turn to the escape valve in bis helmet and lei; out a little air. Bub at the end of tho week it had become very troublesome. Tho diver signalled for a knife and a looped rope, and thou boldly hold out his bare hand as a bait to tho shark. The monster came on with a rush and was turning on its back when it was stabbed by tho diver, who then passed tho loop round its body and sent it tip to the surface \ cool head should certainly bo included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his broad in tho sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two ghosts, “lull'fathom five” under the surface. He had gone down to the wreck of a large steamer, and was cross ing the main saloon when two pray shapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger •signal and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of day, it seemed rather a lame story, and another diver went do vu to see what he could make of it. Towards him also came tho shambling gray sharws. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then going boldly forward, struck his haHtett through—a mirror. Tho ghosts wore only a dint reflection of his own legs, much en larged, of course, as everything is that a divei' secs through the frontal eye of bis helmet. 