TH& NOVELIST* A MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE. J3Y W. CLASS BUSSELL, Author of ''The "Wreck of the Croowenor,* "The -Golden H<bpe/' "The Death Ship,' -"The Frozen Pirate," "Ah Ocean Tra gedy," "A Sea QUeen/' "My Danish Sweetheart/' "The'GhodShip Mohock," "Alone on a.Wide/Wide Sea/' "The Tale of the Ten/' &c.; CHAPTER m.—AN INTRODUCTION. "Come, Walter," said' my mother, "I want to introduce you to .the . prettiest girl you ever .saw." But first brush your hair, "and be" quick, for they will he going." I went downstairs and entered the draw- j ing-room Bhyly, for if I was precocious "by j stress of association with my elders, I tnast and believe that I was neither for- j ward nor impudent. She was a decidedly handsome woman between five-and-thirty and forty, quietly but well dressed. Her liair was fair ana plentiful, and her figure asgood as if she had been two-and-twenty. Beside her sat a young girl of my own age, and I was ap proaching Mrs. Stuart to shake hanafe when, on glancing at this child, I stopped dead, staring with fear and wonder, just as , I had stopped dead when I saw the plian-1 torn of the pond. My agitation was so ex treme that I trembled as to a* sudden blast of cold wind. Mis, Stuart looked at ine as if she be lieved I was deranged, and would in a minute fall down upon the floor in a fit of epilepsy. • "What is the matter with you, Walter?" cried iny mother, 1 backed away to her side and said, pointing to the child—"She is the girl I saw in the pond." . "What do .you say"?" exclaimed my mother, depressing my arm, for 1 conti nued to point. "She is the pivl I saw in the pond," said I, with a half-blubbering note iii my voice. "What is it all about? What has my Belle got to do with the pond?" cried Mrs. Stuart, in a manner that would have made me see, had 1 been older, that she was very superstitious. "There is a pond in the lower garden," I answered my mother, "and Walter some time ago thought he saw a figure standing on the pedestal where there is no shape or image for a fountain." "Like my Belle?" half-shrieked Sirs. Stuart to me. "Yes," I answered. "She is-the same, only littler." "How very extraordinary!" * exclaimed Mrs. Stuart in a sort of gasp, after a moment's pause.- "Come and look at Belle close, and tell me if she is like what you saw."'' "1 can see her from here," said I, stick ing to my mother. "It is certainly strange," said my mother, in a somewhat low mysterious voice, "that Walter should not only have seen the ghost over-night on the pedestal, hut that he should have tumbled in next day, and then seen it in the water where he"was almost drowned." Mis. Stuart breathed deep and repeated, "Ho'w^very extraordinary! Are you sure it wafcivt the figure of a little hoy you !saw?" "No," I answered, "it was a woman, just the same as that girl, only she is littler;" and 1 pointed again, being greatly agi tated, and again my mother put down my arm. "1 never heard anything so extraordi nary," said Mrs. Stuart, turning to look at her child, who, with her feet off the floor, sat beside her mother staring at me fixedly witli precisely the expression of the phan tom. Indeed it was not to he gathered by her looks that she knew she was con cerned in this talk. "The thing is easily explained," said my father. "A boy suffering from had diges tion passes along through a moonlighted garden; lie thinks he sees a ghost; 1 won der lie didn't see twenty. The impression he receives is such that when next day he tumbles into the pond, his brain repro duces the image of the previous evening." "Did you ever dreammf Master Walter, Belle?" asked Mrs. Stuart. "No," answered the little girl. "Have you ever seen him before?" • "No," she replied. "Have you ever met her before now?" she enquired, addressing me. "Nut before tfiat night," I answered. "J never heard anything so strange," said Alra. Stuart. "How old is Master Y\ alter?" and she looked at me with a sin gular expression as though 1 had been a mummy or something strange and fright ful. like an Asiatic god iu a show. "He will be eight in Fcbiuary," an- ' swered my mother. "Six months older than Belle. Look again at my little daughter, .Master Walter," said she, " and tell me if you sec the same likeness you saw when you first came into the room." "It's the same," I answered. 'Tome close to her. You're not afraid of your phantom, I hope," said she. with an uneasy laugh and a glance at "iny mother. 1 stepped over to the little girl, who put out her hand, which 1 took. "IVrhaps she doesn't seem so like, now that you're close to her," said Mrs. Stuart liopefully. "Yes, she does," 1 answered. "She looks mow* like." "fan 1 see the pond, Mr. Longinore?" saiil Mrs. Swart, jumping up with some excitement. We all sallied forth. I walked with the little girl. I should not have walked with her of my own free will, hut she hung hack, and as it were obliged me to walk with her. "Did you really sec me the other night?" she asked. "Yes," I said, "of course I did." "How was 1 dressed';" "You had nothing on," I answered. "Wasn't I cold?" she exclaimed. "But it wasn't you—it was—it was ." Here 1.began to stutter, and came to a stop. My father a little ahead, walking : with Mrs. .Stuart and my mother, oppor tunely helped me. "It was hiB stomach, and nothing else," I heard him say. "What do you play at?" said Belle. "~i swim boats, and 1'ni going to be a sailor.''" said I, as I desired to seem a man j in the eyes of this young lady. , "Will you play at horses with me?" she < asked, in a wooing, plaintive voice. "Oh, how I should lore a run round these gar- I deiif." I "I haven't any reins," I said. I "Tape will do," she cried. "Oil, | mother, we're going to play horses." i lhc three stopped to survey us. "Be quick then, Belle, said "Site. 1 Stuart, "for after I have seen the pond I am going home." "Let them enjoy themselves," said my ' father. "Me want tape to make reins with," said Belle. in.*-, 'i»»ii . jrVi^j -'■■^--T^r -c WOife-T>^et>T^dt«7^-S^dmy^^dtber.; \- I was a little excited, andJrawnHdy-to the house, but Belle wasat myheelsrnn .nine as faSt'asb. .'ButT;^dnotknowtbia' til) Iwaein hhedinnig-j»om> OTth.mybahd upon the work-batket,and then-tie little firl stood- close beside ine.r I'took out a nndle of* tape and a pair of scissors,and rar with- Belie .to the . pond, at whose rail thy father and the* ladies were standing; It was no longer a pond. 4he gardener had Been engaged for some days in filling it up with barrows of mould, upon the surface of which he proposed to spread a <ari?load of gravel. But: the pedestal 'showed its heaci, and the outline of the pond lay cle«r«y defined by the " railingadd the tangled growths which were scented by ^the wild-flower. ^ Sty mother made me. a pair of reins, and away we went. How happy waB that child's laugh, how fairylike her movements as she bounded ahead'of iheimitating with ' the grace of a -well-proportioned little "girl the actions,of a,restive horse. Her pale hail floated froin under her hat, and I thought of the cloud of hair that swam at the head of the figure in the water. Our racings carried ub two or three times round the grounds, and then our breathlessnesa Brought us to a halt at the top of the upper garden. There was a short stretch of grass here, and we threw ourselves upon it.. "I like playing with you," she said. "When may 1 come and play with you again?" "I'll ask mother," I answered; "Do you go'to school?" "Do. you? "I am taught at home by a govern es». I am learning the piano. I was born in Australia. Do you know where Australia is?" she asked, fastening her violet eyes upon me with a very earnest gaze. "It's in the world," I answered sheep ishly. "I shall go to it when I'm a >51or." Here I heard my father calling my name, ; we interrupted the conversation by standing up and racing down to'thepond. "Mamma!" cried the girl, "when may I come again to piny with this boy?" "Let,her come and drink tea with him tomorrow, Mi's. Stuart," said my father. "Jf you will send her here 1 promise to let urn her to you in safety at the hour you name." 