DANTE THE GREAT. , CELEBRATED CONJURERS OF THE PAST. The advent of the marvellous magician Dante, who commences a season in Hobart next Monday night at the Theatre Royal, is invested with great interest by the fact that the critics of the Sydney press state that he stands pre-eminent as the finest performer yet seen in the colonies, in the realms of magic. When one recalls the list of celebrated conjurers who have visited us in time past, it seems wonderful that so young an exponent of the magic art should excel such brilliant constellations of the mystic firmament as have visited Australia during the last half-century, many of whom amassed large fortunes. People interested in the doctrines of heredity will find support for them in the fact that Dante can trace back his peculiar gifts as far as his maternal great- grand- father, a Scotchman named Anderson the celebrated Professor Anderson, the " Wizard of the North," while his father, an expert and original watchmaker, is an excellent amateur conjurer. The first magician to visit Australia was Professor Jacobs, who appeared in Sydney in the early fifties, and in 56 Mons. Theo, the French magician, also created a great sensation. In 1838 the famous Professor Anderson (2 Wizard of the North ") electri- fied large audiences. Dr. Lynn appeared at the old Lyceum in Sydney in 1863, though at that time he was billed as Washington Simmons, the American Fi ikell. " Our next great conjuring visitor was Robert Heller, whose wonderful performances created a great sensation throughout Australasia. As a magician Heller was really great, and past finding out ; as a pianist he was brilliant, and as a colloquial comedian and humourist vastly amusing. He was the first conjurer to set colonials wondering about " second sight." Louis Haselmayer was our next visitor in 1872, at once became a firm favourite, and made big money with his magic. The next was a lady magicienne, Madame Cora Cora de Lamond who came from America in 1872. At the latter end of 1874 Dr. Silvester, the " Fakir of Oola," appeared in Melbourne, and started in to do a trick that has never been accomplished by any other magician since, namely, give 100 consecutive per foreigners, though Dante, who gave 70 performances in Sydney, holds the record for that city, and his manager justifiably claims that Dante could undoubtedly have gone well over the century had not the Palace Theatre been booked over his head for another attraction. Tolmaquo was the next conjurer to come to Australia in 1875. One of the greatest magicians of to-day Kellar-made a tour of the colonies in 1876, in conjunction with Ling Look, Yamaduva, and Canard the Royal Illusionists. It was Kellar who in Produced for the first time here the trick of the " Flying Bird Cage," which lately was repeated by Carl Hertz. Kellar made a big fortune, and is one of the largest property-owners of the profession in America. Chevalier Thorn, a very clever performer, appeared in 1870. He was followed by Professor Philip Anderson in '81. In 1889 we had two con- jurers performing in Australia Professor Robert Jensen and Professor Pearson- both clever at the magician's art. Professor Morritt, who came out under engagement to Harry Rickards in '07, was also an exceptionally clever illusionist., Carl Hertz, who achieved phenomenal success right through the colonies made two tours of Australia appearing first in Melbourne in '93 Hertz will probably be the best remembered as being the latest conjurer we have seen, and naturally comparisons have been instituted ; the general opinion being that our latest visitor is superior. The management rests content with the results already achieved wherever Dante has appeared, and would probably simply say, PuliMM qui meruit ferat. A DANGEROUS PRACTICE A salutary lesson was meted out to three boys at the City Police Court yesterday for' engaging in the dangerous practice of playing at ghost. It appears that on the evening of December 6, at Bellerive, Albert Fulton, James Fulton, and Joseph Archer obtained a quantity of phosphorous substance and sought to terrify timid residents by suddenly emerging from drains and other places of shelter in a phosphorescent state. In sentencing each of the accused to 14 days' imprisonment the Police Magistrate said they had been convicted of a most atrocious offence. incalculable harm was likely to be done to timid persons, especi- ally girls and women, by the young reclining who played at ghost. I The Curry of Curries, NAWAB SHAH, Ask for famous for It, 