A FAITHFUL TRAITOR. CHAPTER XXT, Lady Feo looked np at liimi ' V on agreed, then, to liny her silence by means of n large sum of , money. 7'. ? she snid quietly. Antony's f-iee fliished, , ^ ' ' I had no. definite thou'glitvor'Avllat 1 wanted or tliil not want just then, ».Feo,' lie said, huskily. 'V' I 'wns-'im .'longer a sane man. Tlie whole of this business seemed to have set my brain on fire. ^ I ICII JWII 1 1.11,1 .............. ..-? an end to my life. Why Dick did not let me do so I -.dou't^ifiiderstaiid/' , Now thntall ls clear, to nie,i ii'i\v.'that-nsee. the true meaning of his friendship, F see how false nil his enre nnd distress about tne wns.' _ . I fLndy iFeodora put ? her hendi upon his shoulder with' a sigh. * j 'Oh,;Tony, — -my dear, my only, brother — it ninkes me cold when 1 look buck .- and realise, what a life you must have led in the hands of such nn enemy/ Tony( tliis man lias linted yon witli the subtle cunning linte of n uindninn. I don't know- anything definitfily— =1 lmra.no proofs to go upon — but 1. am convinced that if you will niake Gregory acquainted with everything you will: find -tlial the onus of your unfortunate position now lies nt Richard SavilleV door. Don't1 question me as to why ? 1 know he has1 hated you, Tony— =only accept tho fact of that hate as a terrible certainty/ There is more in this- affair than a poor little brain like mine «»nd a simple straight forward nature -like yours can fathom or understand all at once.- The matter must be thoroughly investigated. There. is so much tlint wants clearing up — so, much that is in itself contradictory. If you have : left everything to* Snville, as yon.'say -, How.could I' do otherwise ? ' Tony broke in hoarsely. ' Yes— I have left everything to him— ^ 'everything; Feo/ I liave never questioned, never, interfered ; 3 accepted all lie said as being final, un alterable. Even when the fever of ex citement went from me and I saw more clearly— even when I longed to' be frnnk with all the world, with you, with dear aunt Bertha, with ? ?' ; Ho ? paused, then- went-, on. ' I 'agreed : to', his pro posals, assented always to- ,'Whtrt 'he deemed necessary. Now and then he told me some new story of the . woman's demands. I let him do -off 'that he snid was advisable. I have been such a fool — such nn awftfl fool,, Feo '? Yon linve been nn angel.' yoit mean',''' Feo cried— and her tears1 were perilously near again; She took both his hands. ' Tony, you know what you have to do now. You miYst go;, to Gregory as fast as you can, - aud tell him everything just as you have told me.- E shall not be in the lea3t surprised - if Gregory does not carry you off to America and begin to investigate matters- - there Jmniediately. 'With all, due respect to Mr.- Saville, I may be allowed to doubt: the wisdom of all lie has done. . I. am certain- Gregory will advise you to' take everything into your own bands now} , and ; dispense in future with Mr. -Saville's clever assist ance. It is common with me, as yon ? know;'? Lady Feo confessed .frankly,- ' to fly to hasty conclusions, -'so perhnps;l' ^ maybe wrong in imagining: that there may be a way out of this horrible tangle for you, Tony. All- the same,' Feo | said definitely, 'I can't help it. I do feel as if there must be some way of escape for yon from such nn awftll mar riage ns yoit linve contracted ; and,- if (ri'i'gijry doe?' not ifind : that .way, I shall i not ? =,i_ - ? 5 ' . '. ^ - i Antony stopped her suddenly. I ' Unn't, F'eo ! ' ho1: snid, hoarsely-= ' don't. J f-=if yon fill , me with such; thoughts, with this suggestion of hope, jou will tunke me .Had again. Ymi don't liiniw , what - 1- 'aiii - suffering now ! Y'ti ilini't ki!ow'.therngo'ny T have under gone this -night! 1 must not hope, Feo. Jui*. there is no hope, deni'-*=-I know j that only too well.- She is illy wife— nothing can niter tlint fnct — and— and J iny heiti't i3'hri-keii,'-l think.' j Antony moved quickly nwny from her I in his. agitation, nnd went to the window; again, As Lndy d'Vodorn had done, .lie- j leaiiedrfagninst- the open- casement;: and j for n moment let thp sweet moruilig air i come to his pnrched- lips,- lits aching I eyes. Feo stood and- watched him in ? silenee ; .then she spoke in n whisper. : ' There — there is more to tell Tony — -there is someone else iu your heart ?'' she said. Sir Antony uVns silent ?' for ' a' few moments { then he turned and come back to her slowly. ' Have you never gttessed my secret 7' lie asked 1 then, as tlieir eyes met— »' I : love Elizaooth !' lies said simply. Feo gave .a; little -cry ;-'3ho-cottid not spenk for n tiftie. ' Oh, ' she oxclnimed,' as words came to her all at oucef^'.' oh,_what nil idiot ! .vNo;Tony-^?not;-yon— I, menni niyself ! Oh, what fl idt'ftse inconceivable idiot !' Bhe loolied rtt-hiuf . engerly, clinging to Jiim , with ; both .hnnds.- : ' You really jovp ;.my. ' denrr sweet' Eliznheth ?-' she said,' V.Bnt .of 'Course' yon do !' ' she flried.tlie next moment. 'Mow could yon help -yourself ? And, she.? -: Oh, ? jny poorTonr.'how - well * I understand everything'now .f How brnvely yon have been battling with ;; everything', nil -by yourself ! ? 'And ;'hoW,j yoti .'iiitist. hhve loathed -ine. lk;Hofc; yon v;niust ., have wished ino at Jericlio-,' Feo cried self repronchfully, '! when 1 linve done ii'ith Jjut try to throw sdme stupid girl in your «rny ! vElizabeth:! Why; of course you: ilo.\:e JSIiznbetli— tliif dearest, sweeti-st, ? loveliest :ii.-irl: ;in. ' all the world ! And .that is why sire' went away to-night looking like death' Oh; my Jieart aches for you bothj 'IV/ny' — with a sudden change of m a mi (??—,? Vr'it , mii.-'fc nin up to town\at oune'J Go fti'jiight b) jny house — rOJre tory jjew leuVi's for tlie City ? before linlf-, past, nine; ; Look — it.-, is neurly live o'clock now. There must lis a workman's 'train or som'ethinir from Stonebnry at six. I will tell yon what I will do. I will have my bath, dress, find come to., tho; station ; with you., .1) oi't s-iy ' h'eaitse f mean to do ?ji,! I enniot nccoinpnnc you to fjun ilon— tlii'i'v its: ./Ju'it horrid garden-pnrty lo-day, jwij ; mid, kf-Sidesy you won't wnnt mo ; you will he able lo talk bettei' to Gregory if I am out of. the wny. Don't bother about yotir bag,' Lady . Feo continued; ' She revelled in this; new excitement— it. relidviid' her strained liel'Ves. ' You liavB heaps of clothes in ?your rooms; in town ? and, if you wnti tniivthingi .Gregory - trill* givo it' ?to you. Wh at are yoil' saying 7 ? . I ought to go' to .bed 7 -'.Why, Lshould simply go nind-jf'I went nnd sliiu myself in my rooin ii'ow,' 'slie'deeliired; in her old.Jirink/fnshion. ''Give me-hnlf an bout', Tony. Then \Ve will slip down-1 stairs -togtithet. ' The 'rtalk-'throng't the grounds this lovely niorning will lie heavenly. We c.ni talk over everything i. as. we go, and when I get' back I shall | bare- ' F'notles' to attend to; I shnll be I only half an hour, Tony dear,' Feo re t peated | nild, kissing - him . softly 'again nnd:ngnin,-she 'Stole in noiseless excite i meut.otit of the room,- while Antony wnnt bnc'lt to the - window - and stood looking with yenriiing v eyes across the trees towards Elianlfeth's pre'se'rtt horiie. : The hfJt# r of his grentest trouble had 'come to Antony.j.yet, . full and coinplrte ns his enemy's work had 'seemed to Ire, it was robbed of its bitterest pang by tlie knowledge of Elizabeth's pure trust' ing-love. ?????'Even though they might never meet fignifr, even- though they might be divided for ever; by ft gulf that could never be. bridgedf the memory of her sweet words* of her faith iit. his honor, would: l'emai n wit h h i m always,-' and gite him hope and strengtfy to meet the broken life that lay before hint. CHAPTER XXEt ? About half nn hour later 'Lady Fe® dora and Sir Antony crept down the stairs, lot tfi 6m selves out of the house, nnd walked under the trees over the dew spangled grass towards the hfgh-road i and the little railway station. Feodora Latimar buried mnny a cherished hope and di-enm for her beloved cousin's future, life nnd happiness ns they walked swiftly under the canopy, of green leaves, talking earnestly as they went.- She had not known cf what sterling strfff her courage wns made till that moment. | : Her dauntless spirit,- her determination I to comfort him, her eager desire to find ho'pe where1, nfas, she feared there was no hope,- had its beneficial effect upon Antony/ His -demeanour gradually brightened* - He ported from. her when they readied the high-road. .- '? I shall not let you come any farther, Feo,' lie- said - firmly. ' Yon have no idea what a little ghost-like, creature you -are }- - Indeed -you will be. ill,- dertr,- if don't get Some rest; 'Jnst ? think of what you have gone through Inst night, , and whatyou have to do to-day ! To plense me,- Feo,-go and lie down. Don't go to yortr own room ; go- to c Pootles' — she will do -yon good, J! Ilea veil' bless lisr! .Why,- the very ;montion of her name mnkesyo'u look 'quite'drffewift f' ' Feo gave a tired little langb. ':Yes— -I: will . go to : ' Poo'fles' ' she answered} 'my baby always does me good, somehow ; ami, now -that you .are onlthe rotid to Gregory,- half the' trouble seems to hare left me.' Promise, Tuny, to let me .hear from ' yoir some ??time' to day ; and -promise also; that'yon . will not leave-England without seeing me before ;you go- — promise ' ? ' J promise !' snid Antony, . not vert steadily. The goodness: of- this loving vfomafi wns .immeasurably sweet to him. Surely. Jiff said to himself,- the world could never be utterly dark to him whenrhe lived, rts he did live', - in the hearts of three such women as .Eli^dve'th'. nftd -Few.irtfi'd his deaf old 'mammy Bertha ?' . He held his cousin's hand fof a long time iiV .parting ; his eyes, expressed- a . huAdfvd things that his lips could ifot ifttoiv Feo lioddcd ber head in - answer to liiff unspoken wishes. , 1 slinll go ,ov(?r eairly nftft'r iirenfifrfrtt. You- shnll always have news of her through tne, darling,' Lady Feo snid softly.- She kept nil her anxiety oi#t of' her voice ns she spoke of Eliznbeth,-. though her heart was henvy with grief over the girl ; nnd she ; sent him 'from her finally with her own sunny smile and n pretty .-.audacious- -message 'for 'her llllsbftiid. : . -?? 1 ? am .sure- Gregory hns got into mischief.'!' she cried ' ?' lie ? always' does when I nin awny Now,, good-bye, Tony ! And don't forget — before yon do anything, you are to ent a big brenk fnst with Gregory — that is imperative !' The smile left Feo's face when she wns alone } che ret faced her ' steps ttcnrlly 'etiolfgli tlir'oiigh tlie grounds. Iler heart wns henvy with more than grief ; there wns fear, too — fear of what might happen when those two men met again — -fear not so: much*, -of. what Antony would do,'. bilt of- tlie; further evil his. dnemy would try to -vork. ' An tony's marriage— atid such a marriage ! ' — was nothing less than . a - tragedy to ?Feodora Latimnr.'yNow tlint she wns by herself;- nil her -fengcr liope, all her desire- to shed n lirighter light upon the yoitlig 111 tin's fitti-.re, went from her. utterly. ;. She had .sustained herself mar vellously ftell up to that moment. It was no : \vondei' .that ' from :fntigne ' of mind and body: she progressed slowly on her Wny .bndk to' tlio liottse. Ill and weary ns„shi!- folt -.-however, ,. she -shrank from the idea of: solitude. There was: 'so much for her to think' out and do. The dny's iinntsenient would, linve^ to:' be, arrangiuK-and Antotiy's absence explain ed to Miss'Peile. niid- to all the ;. guests. Then there was'.her visit to Elizabeth. Hoor Lndy Feo longedi yet dreaded,' to see the. girl. , 'There was also the odious task of meeting.. Richard Saville, unless: lie. too, like Antony,: should linve - de termined to. leave- Speede .enrly. There were indeed a hundrod-nnd-otie ' tilings Tjiidy Feodora bad to think about ; nnd, oddly enough, she felt tlint she could do all her necessary thinking nnd planning more easily while she sat'nnd Wnlchcd her baby splash about in tho morning bath, and -listen lo the . laughter and. prellv baby chntter, than' if she were left to herself. ; She was very ^venry fr thil lack of sleep and from the recent gre'iit excite ment ; but nil hour in ., her child's : rOonn acted ou her like a .tonic.- It . was im |io!-sih|i' to withstand the bt'ighfn'ess a'nd cheery influence of the little creature, nnd half the weight of her thoughts i seemed to slip from Feo ns she chattered nnd romped with her baby. It Was -barely eight o'clock Mien n note wns brought to ljndy Feodora. It entile; So her -timid snid; frrim fttrS. Procter; aud had bceit brought, by hbr ?gardener. Feo guessed -Hie, contents before She opened the lotteh Mrs. Procter white only n -few- hurried words to say that she and Elianlieth were ' leaving ? Slondliury immediately. ' . ' ' ? ?'?;! -f? Wo are.goiug fo'r.a mon''th t'rt Wostr portj' she wrote. ' This; I am afraid, -will seom like: a- lfurrie'd 'departure ; but, as a matter of fact, I 'determined only ?yesterday that I must have my lisnnl annual dose .oF sea-air; and. I feel so fatigued' from the heat of -the last: fen Jays that' I havo thought it wiser to take : lilyself off without any. further dfrliiy. I am to give you Eliznbeth's dftnr love ; she will write to you fftfm Westport. At jiresent I am keeping her busy pack ing our clothe's. We shall leave by nil early traiit.- I qjtiite long fnf-' \tif ehiltl to get the benefit of the ii#vigrfrnt?ng sea-air. I hope Miss Peile nnd you, dear Lndy. Feodofrn/ will forgive ns for not appearing nt your gnrden-pnrty to day ; but I am sure you will be only ttto glad to hear that I nur cnrryfng Eliza beth awny for her first introduction to the' ocean. I enclose our address, and am most sincerely j'oifrs.- AnnC Procter.' A great sense of relief came to Feo as she read these - words. - although tenrs came too.as she realised all that was in directly co'nveye'd by the'irt. Once'ngnin she conld see the white' nngdished face of Elizabeth as it had looked when tliey parted oh the' previous night, and she coilld easily griess' \iliat suffering the past hours must have brought to the girl she held so deaf. She did not knotf what had passed between Antony and Elizabeth, or what shnre Richard Saville had had in Compelling the girl to go' away so suddenly, changed nnd miser able ; but she could imagine everything, and, remembering all that that bitter moment held for Elizabeth as well as for Antony,- she could trot, but rejoice that the girl wns being treated so con siderately and so' wisely by. M rs. Procter, and that she had stf true a friend to guard her and give her comfort. Tears came again as Feo sat down and wrote a few hurried and affectionate words in return to the old schoolmistress. ' Who kno'ws,' she added at the end of her note, ' but that I :moy not run: down to Westport myself with 'Pootles' in a few days! Should my husband have to go1 to America — as. I firmly be lieve he will— do not be surprised at -seeing.'. me and my baby; and perhaps 1 ?shall bring down aunt Bertha as well. I love Westport, and it would be like a dream to sit on the shore with Elizabeth and watch the Waves come rallingjn'.' , Feo had despatched her note, had kissed her baby and bidden her .farewell For a little while, nnd was bnci in her own room - making some alteration in her toilet, and bracing herself up for all that lay immediately before her, when there came a sharp knock- at the door, -and as she liirned with an apprehensive start — for she was in the rrfood to expect and fear anything just now — and answered the summons, the door was pushed open and Bertha Peile almost stumbled into the room. One glance at the look- of alarm on tho usually serene comely face made Feo Latimar turn deathly pale.- - She trembled iu every limb, and could hardly draw i her breath ; but, as the elder woman fell into, rather than sat down in,- a chair, the power of speech enme bnck to' her. She hastened to -Miss Peile, and' tools both her outstretched hands. . ' A.:nt Bertha, you are ill ! What is it,- dear 7 What has. happened now ?' The Irtst words'- broke . from* Feo quite uneoiisCiortsly. Bertha Peile clnn'g fo - f*eo for rf moment iu silence, while she battled with Iter agitatitfif nifd distress.-- , : Oh; ; Feo,-'- she : said,- .b'roktfniy,- fts soon as the words would come coher ently— ^Feo 'dear,' it- is- too terrible ! I ought not to- frighten you like this; and yet yoif must ktfow.- ? 1-^=1 have jnst come frorn' Micharcl's room., They enme to tell he. was ill. I went nt once to -see him. Feo denr; 'lie-.- could - not move his head ; lie conld-vnot, spenk to me— he will never spenk' to me again — he is dead ! '' ? - . Antony stood for ,» few moments at the small gateway that led from the lower grounds of Speede to the high road, watching his cousin's girlish figure vanish out of sight.- He had so much to harass and excite his mind tlint things that must have' struck him in 'ordinary circumstances came to him now in a vngno blurred sort of way. The wonder ful dopth -of sympathy, of comprehension, and ' of wisdom that. Feo had shown during' the past, hour or so would have i amazed him had ;hls riiind ;been free lo grasp everything clearly. . He wns con scious, indeed, of being overwhelmingly grateful to. Eeo fur her goodness to hiin. lie had always known lie was very. dear .to her, but it had. remained for this hour to show him how f'eal and deep her luve wns.-.: ??? , - .-??? ? . . : ?.,'-????.'?? ?,',-. ' to. II E CONTINUED. 