Minstrel Entertainment. The Mmstrol and Varioty Entortuinmont, organised by Mr. B. H. Pooley, ably assisted by eevoralothoramatours.tookplaco in .the Protestant Hall last AVodnesday evening. Tlio ontainment was in' aid of a desorving institution, viz., tno Uuoanboyan Benovolont Sooioty and was well patronised by a "hutnpor" house. The firet pqvt of tno programme consisted of tho "usual songs, gags, ate., characteristic in minstrel shows. Of courso " " My Lord, Toironoo" hndchargoof the tambo, and Mr. W. A. O'Neill munipulatod tho houos, and thoso' two gontloman woro responsiblo for oreat- ing a fund of amusement by thoir looal hits, mid funny sayings, whilo Mr. E. Yutos porsonatod " Mr. Johnsing" as intorlooutor. Aftor tho rendering of .tho oponing chorus, " Do Olo Banjo" by tho company, followed by jokes and funny sayings of tho cornor men, tho following items were sang : — " Sailing" Mr. AYarron, " Tho T.aBt Farwell" hicoly rendorod by Mr..H." Parsons," who was oncorod. "Ben Uclt";Mr. 0. Yates. '.'Nothing" a oomio by Mr. AV. A. O'NoiU. whiuli took- oxvood- inglv woll with tho . nuilionco, who in sisted on him giving thom anothor comic ontitlod " Tho Now Photography." This was followed Mr. E, Yatcs.who sang "Tho Picture Turnod Towards tho AVal'." " Tho Stcoplo on tho Hill," Mr. H. . Cons, and " Torry, My Bluo-oyod Irish Boy" Mr. B. Maunsoll. tho lattor siugor rocoiving an oncoro. Aftor a bit of by-play by Tambo uud Bonos tho ourtain foil for a fow min utes, aftor which Mr. B. Pooloy sang an oxcollont Irish comio ontitlod, " Pat Ma- lono Forgot thnt ho was Doad," aud or. boing oncorod gavo anothor 'equally as comic, "All- Ovor Tlio Shop." Aftor a song " Qucoti of Tho Earth," by Mr. B. Maunsoll, who rocoivod an oncoro, Mr. W. A. O'Neill dolightoil tho andienco with n comic, " Touching Tliam Up a Bit" and for a woll-inoritod oucoro rendered anothor laughablo song " Down at tho Farm Yard Gato." Tho " Coster's Sister," uicoly sang by Mr. Harry Parsons, was nlso wolt rocoivcu ana nltor nnolliur comio Uy Mr. B. II. Pooloy " IIo'U Novnr Soo His Mother Auy Moro," aud a sang, "Tho Soa is England's Glory" by Mr. Warron, tho first part of tho programmo was' brought to a oloso. Tho Mulligan Guards camo on noxt, nnd tho grotosquo drosses and got up of tho regiment, somo ot which were personating locals, wsb iudocd comical. Tarry made a splondid gonoral and tho inuuner iu whioh ho put tbo various members of tho com pany through thoir facings caused a doal of amuBomont. Tho socond part of the programmo was a laughablo farco ontitlod, " Tno' Ghost in a Pawn Shop." Mr. T. Clowory and Mr. E. Yates woro in -thoir olomont in this fiioco, moro cshocially Terry, who caueod a ot of fun. This farco concludod tho cu- tortainment. It was ovidont that thoro had not boon nnytbiug liko onough rehearsals, or tho porformors would havo had far moro con- lidonco in thomsolvcs. As it was thoso goutlomon amatours dosorvo all praiso for ondoavouring to aid tho funds of a vory usoful institution. . The audionco are indobtod to Mies Ethol Hudson far oomo oxcollont musio, this young lady accompanying tho difforont ""b" mivujjuuui. iUV UlUIIIUgi AUU lUtnil band also pkyod a low solootions outside tbo hall. Tho procooJs of tho oatortalnmont haro hocu promptly paid ovor, and'ackaowlodgcd as follows Queanbovan, 26th Jaouary, 1807. Mr It. H. Pooloy, Hon Soo Quoanbovan . Amatour Minstrols. Doar Sir,— On behalf of tho Qnoanbeyan BenovoicntSocioty I havo pleasure in thauk- rag you and tho moinboro ot tho Quoan- boynn Amateur Miustrols who so kindly gavo thoir oorvicos in tho rocont vory suc cessful outortainmont in aid of tho abovo socioty, nnd in acknowledging tho rocoipt of tho sum of £5 Gs 4d towards tho fundB of tho socioty.- Iam plonsed to say that during tho past your tho publio havo recog nised more fully than boforo tho work tho socioty is doing in relieving all possiblo calls of distress amongst tho old aud neody of tho distnct, nnd tho more liberal sup port which bnalioou afforded to the society has onablod it to oxtond its sohora nf Rnl.,. fulness. AntiNDEi, H. GAUIIAWAY, xiosiuout of tlio Socioty. ,J> Mr Alien suoceods Mr Shuttloworth as tollor and accountant at Bank N.S. AVulos. ano picmo in Coliott's paddock on AVod- nosdiiy was a docidod succoss. A lnntorn leoture on tho Kings of Emr- lanil by llev Mr Oilsennn, in tho AVoslovnn ".i woU »«<""lod, and replete with mstructiou und interest. 