DIOCESAN CONFERENCE. The second annual conference com menced yesterday by a celebration of the Holy Communion: at St. John's, which was largely attended at 8 am., the celebrant being the Bishop of the Diocese, assisted by Canon Beres ford as Deacon. A devotional meeting was held in the Mechanics' Institute at 10 a.m. Hymn 272 having been sung, prayers were read by Rev. W. Harry Edwardes, and the Bishop of Tasmania, who presided, said that what struck himn most at the de votional meeting which preceded the Lambeth conference was, not the intellectual ability which was to be found there, nor the ad miinietrative faculty which. guided some of our greatest dioceses, but the spiritual characters coming from some of our poor and laborious diocesies. One of the greatest lessons, he learned, was to, be -got from such a chastened character as the Bishop of Lincodn. His face was an unspoken lesson. So progress in this diocese must be one of spiritual activity. The Dean of Hobart read the first paper, on "ReverenceL" "Our Father which are in heaven, Hallowed be thy names A wholesome fear of God and his name lies at the true and adequate conception of reverence--a conception of His 'Majesty,pr sse:ce, glory, and beauty. The bible encourages this in the highest thoughts, e.g., Moses's prayer: "Thou canst not see my face and live." Isaiah: "I saw the Lord seated upon his throne," etc., St. John: "A, great white throne," etc. What is meant by reverence? Giving Almighty God his due, a feeling of unfitness to stand in the presence of the King of Kinks and Lord of Lords. The Jews were specially taught this wholesome fear, especially in the bdemds around Sinai, and in touching the Ark. A Christian has more adequate knowledge than the Jew. One dark feature: of this. age was irreverence. It arises from an imper fect faith to grasp what God really Is, from trying to rob God of some of his due by undue farmiliarity,from spiritual inertia which prevents man takling the trouble lto. grasp this truth. There are three particulars inm which this irreverence is most marked (])in the use of the name of God. We require a new crusade in our shops? and places of amusements against profanity, which is especially thesin of English Christianity. He was struck by what a Californian missionary told him, how, after many years' absence in London, on his re turn he noticed a. great improvement among those who swore in the streets. (2) God's holy day. The Jewish sab bath is enlarged by Christ, the day upon which he set the coping stone. of his work. It was not meant to be a dreary day; our first duty is the cele bration of the Holy Cummunion, rest from earthly occupation, frequenting the house of God. We should be careful of what books we read, what society we keep, that they be not out of keeping with the thought of the day. We do want recreation, but it must run parallel with the divine purpose of the Lord's Day. (3) The House of God. The purpose is not merely the reading of prayers and God's word and sacraments, but especially because it has been made God's house by Christ's presence: "He that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood hath my self." It is desirable, if we go to the court of Jesus Christ, that we should observe court etiquette. There should be silence, the congregation rising up when clergy come in. Too often dis graces are to be found in the wet blanket and repulsive, luke warm spirit in our services. No wonder non-con formnists speak of coldness in Church of England services. It is not alto gether the fault of the priest, rather of the laity. People when they come to church should make It their business with business caution and spirit to make our services truly such. How are we to get reverence? Not from belawv. This 'is clrrtainly the gift of the Holy Ghost, especially in two of his sevenfold gifts in (1) wisdom, an adequate conception of what God is, and (2) Godly fear in approaching the Almighty as his creatures. The, Bishop of New Guinea said that during nine years residence in Bris bane he never heard anything so flag rant as the swearing among cabmen, etc., in the streets. How far does one's duty lie when one hears swearing in public? Should he stop and reprove? The clergy often were to blame in social life for treating lightly sacred texts, and their stories often came back to people's minds in church. There seems a distinct class ef people in Australia, men who knew all about Christianity, being Sunday school teachers, church- wardens, knolwing the minutiae of ritual, but no actual godliness or desire to know such. The Revs. H. Bramnmall and F. B. Sharland mentioned the prevalence of Sabbath-breaking, and the Bishop of Tasmania said that this question of reverence, including God's name and his Sabbath, were questions peculiar toa new country. It certainly gave one hope of the Anglo-Saxon race to stand in the old country cathedrals on Sunlay and see the reverence around. It is our duty thus, to sow these things in this new land. He related how Bishop Westctt, when a master at Harrow, used to bow his head solemnly at the very mention of the nname of God, making a long pause, and this in fluence Dersuaded the spirits of the boys to realise the very felt presende of God. The next pa,per was read by the Rev. H. H. Vale on the Holy Euchanist as the central act of Christian. woship, and was of a deeply splrittual and de votional nature, and a hymn and clos ing prayer brought a most interesting and cheering meeting to a close. 