Points and Pars. Dr. Jameson say*: " I made a mew, and T got 15 months.' That is all. No; I- may add one thing : I deserved 15 years—for fail ing;" • ' ' Db. Points always thought Jameson a had egg. He should have had those 15 years. A Sydney print says: "Every friend of Australian union will receive with deep satis faction the news that after six days* strenuous debate the convention has settled the disputed question of the control of the rivers in a sense accordant with the contention of the New South Wales delegates." This is very fine. Welsh gold miucs in 1895 produced £5,035 worth of gold extracted from 2,765 tons of ore. A scribe who writes. under the nom-de- . plume of J.O.B., in a Sydney print, is the . author of this: "It would be difficult to choose a more dangerous seat than a waggon of moving hay." In the name of all earthly products, what is " moving hay " ? | At last Lord Salisbury has spohen and the j address-in-reply to .the Queen's speech has 1 been passed without dissent. When a man of his calibre says that Great Britain will not abandon one jot of treaty | rights in China, it may be taken as a fact. ' Welsh coal is. always used for trial trips and special occasions ; and the British Gov j eminent have purchased the whole stock of it | now in China and Japan. The British Government has given an English firm a contract to construct a harbour at Lover, immediately opposite Calais on the French coast, at the narrowest part of the English Channel. Lord Charles BEfiEsroRDhas broken out in a fresh place. He supported in the Hou«,e of Commons au amendment on the address iu-reply, that an amnesty be granted to tho Irish dynamitards.' Not bad that Mb. Bcssell said a few days ago that ho saw no signs of a storm coming. How. is it that such a severe storm as that of Sunday last stole upon him unaware? A company, it is reported, intends to ship 500 tons of New South Wales wheat to the English market. • - A souther:: coroner bos concluded an inquiry concerning the death of William John Jackson. It.seems that at the early age of 16 months William John took to swallowing brass shirt studs. One of them remained in his throat; hence the coroner's inquest. Instructions have been issued to Bunda berg magistrates that garnishee orders are not to be grunted against kanakas.. Here is a fine thing. The Sultan wants Nubar Pasha, ouce in the employment of the Khedive, to be Governor of Crete. ; At one time he was somewhat notorious, and most likely his candidature is . only in teuded as a peg to hang on to for more delay. Count Kalnokt. who once was a prominent figure in Aostro-Hungarian diplomacy, has i to his place, as Charles Kiugsley used to say. He was a man of great ability and un flinching determination. Dkxoue fever is making serious inroads upon the sick benefit funds of some of the friendly societies. It is to he hoped the new monboonal dis turbance will not fed insulted at the name jiveu it by Mr. Wragge, and that it won't be >pitcful and really blastos." When Governments of countries begin to compete with each other at international exhibitions there ought to bo some good shows. The Paris Exhibition to be held in 1900 should be au immense success, if for this reason alone. The Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A., who has been appointed home secretary to tile British and Foreign Bible Society, is a son of the venerable Dean of Melbourne; a brother of Mr. J. A. Macartney, district inspector of stock in Queensland ; and ?eeond cousin of Mr. E» H. Macartney, the well known Queensland solicitor. The Secretary for India, Georgie Hamilton, says that the forward policy now being put in force was the old policy of the Conservative party. . Wonderful news from Turkey. The Russians want leave to take an ironclad through the Bosphorus, en route for China. Some of the Betika Bay fleet will be de tached to ghost him all the way. Zona's case, as was expected, is full of developments. It was inevitable that there - would be a duel. The whole thing is quite Parisian. There is nothing serious about it. Zola will bo acquitted, and the honour of the combatants declared satisfied. Moslems affirm that the Sultan will never far degrade himself as to withdraw from both ThessiUy and Crete under pressure from outside. The Victorious is in a bad way off Port Said. If operations commence soon she will not be in them and her captain, if ho escapes the court-martial, will lose bla chance. 