HITS AND BITS. Hard to tx*t—A wet carpet. ^ • • Wtf* Whet do you tolok ot c^*1" log. Tju.baod : 1 think if too tried to boil water tta^d bar® it ^ # She (aeotbneotally) *Wbet poetry tb> re i. in ■ Are. He (mdlv) i Vee, • g"»* d«l of my poetrj bit gone there, V The worst oases of incompatibility of temper oocur when both pertiee have the.ame kind of tHD^er ud plenty of It. ^ He 11 wonder why it'" «»l(1 to be n man, «nd not a womae, we aee ie the moon P She (with emphaaia) 1 Beoanao be alaya oot all night. " Mamma, what ia elaaaieal moaic P" " Ob, don't yon know P Ifa the kind that you haea to like whether yon like it or not." V Pirat Doctor (in the neat future)! Good pho tograph, ieo't ItP Second Doctor; P«Hy good. Plattrre the left lung a little, t think. V ,. A much-worried parent with nine gmnd drughters depiota love an : 11 Two beada with but a .ingle thought, two feola that aot like one." # , She : That la Mr. Gamboge, the artiav. He ie wedded to bi« art He : "Judging from hie oppearanoe, l .bould eay ih.t he didn't marry for money. ^ ^ He ; Don't you tbiok, deareat. that the Bee. Dr. Rober ia the beat mnn to marry ue P Bhe (three timee a widow): I think to, door, i »e alwaya had him. ^ ^ " Ton want to keep your eye on the woman'a bonneta,'' aaya an item In a faahion paper.bo, ^ we dirn't want to, bnt under certain condition!, dear editor, we bare to. a e Gueat (to whom the waiter hee brought an exlremtly dirty bill of fare) i By Jove, lhafa Ian eacellint idea—aaruplea of too different diebea ebowu on the menu. Whi n n camel ia kept for a long Hme without food, ita hump diaappeara. Thie la where a j camel difiera from a man, who uoder aimilar ciroumataucea geta the hump. ! ■ v l'rood Father i That ia a toneet my daughter painted. She atodied painting abrcad, you know. Fiiend : Ah, that erplalna it. I never aaw a sunei t like that in Ibia country. Mother j How ia it that you get no many bad mark, at eohool P Mtt'e Boy : Well, toe teacher hae got to mark tomebody, orelie people will think ehe ain't attending to her business. * " Are you marri* d ?" said the manager to a man who wa. looking for a aituation. " No, air " " Then X can't employ you. We And tfait married men know brtter how to obey than bachelors/' " You ontiau'C be aauey, Fanny," aaid toe maiden aunt to tho little girl. " No one will love you if you are." " Were you aauoy when I you were a little girl, aunty P" naked the guile leas child. "a* " Here'e a letter from leebelle. Bbe naya ahe'a going to he married," " Well, ife about time. If ehe did not obnngo her laat name, it I would he ueoreaary to ohange tho firat to Waaahalle." # # Old Drywater t My boy, in all creation you won't flud any animal exerpt man who mike. a habit of amoking. Young l'offa : Yea, air, but neitbarjtD I J...W wny rtber auiinal that cook* .bis meals I Daughter : This piauo is really ray very own, ian't it, p. P l'a : Yea, my dear. " And when I marry I can teke it with me, ©an I r •'.Certainly, my child : but don't tell any one. It might spoil your chanoes." Success Ensured.—She : 1 am surprised that her father consented. He s 1 b»d two eeta of refrrtnoes, yon see. Owe for the old man that I was a paragon of viriue and industry, and another for the girl that I was an awful aosmp. •*# At the Masquerade.—Lottie : Prom this time 1 shall believe in ghosts. Tottie: Why so ? Lottie t You know that •• widower " who has brea devoting himself to me all the evening P Well, bis dead wife appeared just now and took him home. ^ ^ Friend (to middle-aged golf-player) : Hallo. old cbap ! So you are going to get married ? Congratulation., I'm aure 1-Middle-aged Gulf Flayer: Congratulations I Oh, H isa t like that at all. Taylor, toe ebampion. took a wife some time ego. end it accui. to bare improved bia game, no I'm going to try it. 