The Ghostat HumberSsven aokpLETE IN THIS ISSUE. , ' ; by WALTER JERR0LD. . oorybiout. . 3" fltst \- / 5® married my / . : .wifo and I / T wenttolivo r \ 'ho newiy- / \'fl®S boomed .'".suburb Q of Bixton. Tho -r I ,n v neighbourhood , was thon chiefly, jy reinarkublo for villa rosidemios' // . in eourso of oreo/ // 1 — tion, and its /J liopulation oon-' V3 ' T"58- sisted mainly . of . caretakers and workmon. At tho timo wo wont there, however, many of the houses were being finished off and lot somowhat rapidly, much to the dolight of. tho numerous property agents, half '.it dozen --'of whom had their bills und boards up ut ovory .house.'.- ' -Oiir dosirablo villa 'rojoiaod ih tho name of Montpolior, and our road— Bixiou is nothing if;' not allitorative— thut of Mbntmdrenoy. " 'Mr; and Mrs. "John Trindlo, Montpolior, 1 Montmqrenoy Gardens, Bixton tims ran tho logend upon tho sil vor-riinmed eards whioh announced to im attontivo world- thut we wero married. ; ' . . .. , ' : Bixton, as the orow flies, is tiot abovo five or it may bo six miles from Kensington, and considering this proximity it hud boon hopeil that the new neighbourhood might in some way make tho liumo of the old Court suburb part of its own. Had it- douo so my wife's happiness would have been complete! It grieved lior that wo were not ablo to settle ill Kensington;' slio huil so fixed lior heart upon it. All I could do, howovor— and I certainly could do no less— wus to - promiso thut when promotion eamo wo would move to Kqnsing- lon ; and I hinted thai; promotion in tlio firm of Lodger, Cash, and Co. was us obrtaiu to 001110 us tho date on wliioli a bill fulls duo. It is mimy yeurs sinco wo drrumcd that dream, lind to-(lay wo aro. still tlirqo miles away from tho neighbourhood of the eminontly respectable. Howovor, I started to toll you of tho ghost at No. 7. Lot. ns, therefore, hark buck to tho Montmorency Gardens, Bixton. Thoro ivoro but five liousas finished in tho lormeo, Nob. 1, 3. ii, 7,. and 9; For u long 'whilo wo hesitated wliother .'wo'; should take No. 1 or No. 7 ; Tho former was iiuqiiostiou- : ably the bettor houso, . but tho latter was pulled Montpolior! Tho house agent' soon settled tlio mullor by transposing thu names of tho two villas, so that No. t becamo Mont polior, and wo. bcenmo its occupants. Shortly after wo had moved in — tiie honey moon was rapidly waning, although, be it suid, our sky was still clear as during its first .quarter— as I reached lioino one evening, my wifo met mo in a slate of frantic excitement." "Oh, John, siioli liov/s!" " AA'oll, dear, what is it?" "Juat think — but you're such an old stupid, you'll never guess." " AVoll?" " Tho peoplo havo moved into No. 7 already." "Havo they? -Who uro they? AVliat are thoy liko? AVhoro have tlioy como from? Havo tliey any children ? JJo they koop a parrot? Havo thoy " " Johu, dear, iloii't tease. As .if I could know all about thom in fivo minutes. Du you lliink we ought to cull upon them us — us " Tlio oldest -inhabitants?" I suggested. My wifo hud affooted to know nothing of tho newcomers; yet she hnd already ascer tained thar, their linmo was Kuloy ; that the family consisted of Mr. und Mrs. IC., their two young children, and a servant girl ; thut Mr. Knloy wus " something in the eity " — whothor tlio latter iiifonnutioii was mount to imply that ho was "nothing" ut liumo I didn't euro to inquire. On reaching homo 011 tho noxt ovoning, I found my wifo full of tho now neighbours— pour little woman, alio .hud naturally found Bixton a bit lonoly at first— aud slio no sooner saw mo seated eomfortiibly ovor my 'dinner' tlinn alio begun telling all alio know. Mra. Knloy und tho children hud been asked in to imvag oup of tea during tlio afternoon, ns the things at No. 7 wore ot' nniii-so not yot straight. Tlio children, I learned, wero "dear, jolly, littlo tilings," and thoir mothor a liorvuus woman, who declared that, if uiir house hud not beon occupied; she would nevor havo dared to como and live in a now road. Indcod, slio was already a hit nervous about her now homo, for Sarah, tho servant girl', hud declared that alio, ' whilo ongiigod in straightening tilings in the kitchon tlio -night before, had "heard noises." "No doubt she did," I suggested, " Tho noisos of putting up bed-, moving boxes and furniture about, ss thu art of removal ou tho silent system lias yet to bo perfected." No, I wus promptly informed, it wus not any noiso of that kinil. Mrs. Kaloy (who lmd not heard it herself) lmd ssid it was like sumubndy moving about in tho wall. While wo worn thus talking, wo wore startled at houring uu agitated knocking ut tho frunt door. "It is not time for tholast post," whispered Mary, following oloso behind mo as I went to tho door. ,Ah I opuncd it. thu giri from Nu. 7, liailess, woll nigh breathless, arid white as a sheet, almost jumped into my arms as slio said ; "Oh, sir, do oomo to my missis ; she's gono right off .ill a dead' faint, for thoio'a ghostes in tho houso. Oh, it's awi'iil: what shall I do ?" uud uho flung her apron ovor her head ami buret into tears. At first I, felt a' bit cxasporated; and then porliaps a woo hit norvous. " It's ouly some fool's praotioal - joking, I oxpout," I Biiid to my wifo. "You como with mo iuid seo to Mrs. Kulcy. I'll soon inako tho ghost vumuosc." " Oh, muni, don't (fo with 'im mid leuvo me, for 1'in that afraid of ghostes," said the terrified girl. "Don't bo ridiculous. - Ooino along with usiitbnoo and attend to, your mistress," I said, trying to summon a little dignity to my aid. It was really too ridiouloiis, I lirguod to myself as we wont along ; ,u ghost in a houso thut had not beon six weoka out of tho hands of tlio jerry-builders. Yot that somothiug strange mnRt bo the matter wiu : oortiiin, or the servant could nut bo so frightened: I folt, it/must ha confessed, u hit nervous.. Loiig-siuoo-lioiii-d-of ghosts, baushoos, fetches, goblins, hobgoblins, und olhiir 'creations of man's distorted imagination flashed across my mind during tho minuto or so which olupscd before wo reached No. 7. Soinothhig had, it wua orident, upsot, tho ontiro liousohold, for in tlio front sitting-room wo found Mrs. Kuloy, not, indeed, us Suruh had suid, in a tluud faint, but in 11 stuto of helploss, norvous limpness ; and tho two littlo children, alurmed out of their sloop, had boon. brought down in their nightdresses. My wifo and I ut onco triad to reassure Mrs. Kaloy, uud to got from lior somo idoa of whut had hanponcd. After a deal of oouxing. tho ugitatod littlo woman told us that thoy hud, "hoard noises." As slio spoko she looked fearfully around, ns though the bare mention of thom would mako thom recom- moiice. Suruh had rushed upstairs to fotch tlio 'children. AVhilo slio wua gono, Mrs. Knloy lmd fainted on licnring " tno noisos " yot more loudly ropoutod. ' Sarah hud thon rushed off for us, uud tlio rest wo know. \- "Probably it was some tramp getting n rest fur tho night in tlio ompty house next door," I suggested. " Oh," shrieked Sarah, hearing my words nsshoontorcd tho room, "wo shall ail be murdorod in our bods. It's worso than ghostos." , . Tho language wliioh I addressed to that girl was more- foraiblo than polite. I will not repeat it here. , " After a short while things began to quiet down ; 110 ghostly noises-wore hoard, so my wifo und Sarah took ' tho poor, sleepy littlo children np to bod again. They had not boon gouo'muny minutes when, ns Mrs. Kuley was attempting to dosorlbo tho strange manifesta tions, a smiirt rap-rup took plnoo immediately beneath whore I stood. . My native hue of rosolutlqn wob, I felt, sioklied o'er with the pulo nast of fear. I was conscious of n prickly sensation all ovor ,ine, my knees (I really . could not '.hoip it) involuntarily knooked against 0110 another. Mrs. Kuloy guvo, a suream — "There!" " It's ii-n-notliing," I ssid, mv voice and munuer giving the lio to my words. "For- haps, after all, it was in tho next houso." 1 Evou as I suggested this, apparently from near the other side of tho room oume a loudor rind sharper rap, followed by two others in quiok sucoession. " Oh-h-h!" shrieked Mrs. Kaiev, clutch ing fruntioally hold of mo ; uud oven us alio did so, in name my wife, who hud not even time to look at our compromising situation before'rap-rap was deliberately delivered right under her foet. . " John !" she screamed, and threw herself upon poor, embarrassed inc. Thus for some time we stood; I, nil of a tremble, supporting iny double trembling load, Surah, transfixed with terror) standiug outoido tho doer, afraid to outer, tlio room,' for tho latest raps had beon givon just honbiith tho threshold. At lasts inciter , rap was , heard, and a long silonco followed. I badgored mypoor startled wits— lnugh at mo if you will ; - but bravo us a man may be in fuoing a known dunger, faoiug tho unseou is quite a different thing— yot I could riot ""sgmo any mitursl oolution of tho problem, and.I by 110 menus wished to bo oonvineed of . tho truth of the supernatural. , -Some timo .having elupsod withbut "tho ghost repeating its manifestations, I began to feel a bit.roassured. .'. I slid Mrs. Kaloy, limp as a piece of rag, into ml iirmohair; wliere sho sat lnoatimg uud saying, "If Harry woro hore, _ho d find out what it is," which I. tliouyht, 11.ll thiugrt considered, ivus eomewlnit ot uii. unkind out at mo. - .' Mary, asked after a while if I thought tlmt wo should hear it ugain. How should I know?"' But tlio wish .being fatlior to the thought, I suid I didn't think wo should. Some considerable timo hnving passed with out anything being hoard, my wife suggested to Snruh that sho had hotter get lior' mistress ' a sup of tea. Nothing would indueb tho frightened girl to go idoue to the kitchen, ' so my wife wont to ussist her, Mrs. Kuloy hoing absolutely helpless. Tlioy had not been invuy many minifies wlion a loud, doiiblo-barrelled soream mado my hair stand 011 end, and , higgledy-piggledy into tho room they rushed again.' "Oh, John, it'ain tho kitohon ! Don't— don't go." Having enlir.od, down a- bit, my wife added. !' I had just put tho wifior on the ton, and Suriili .was reaching somo oups from tho dresser, when it appeared right under tho table. It's a moroy I didnit drop tho kottlo." " Weil, if tho tea is irmdo I'll go rind bring it i'1-" I folt that I must nssuino tho virtuo of ooiirngo, nltlioiigli Ihud it not. "If you go, John, I shull go too," said Mary, with tlio dotorniiiiutiou of a month-old wife. Como along then, dour,", and holding hands, wo oropt quietly along tho passage to tho kitohon, liko a couple of children about to pay u surreptitious visit to the preserve uup- boiird. / AVo hud placed somo cups and saucers 011 the tray, uud I was just lifting it up when I, hero wus 11 sharp rap-rup, Heiiror and louder than any wo had before heard. The ghost iu "Ilmnlot " suddenly occurred to . my bewildered mind, 11111I I stuttered out to an accompaniment of slinking toaimps, " Bo thou a spirit of health or goblin damned?" - This lust manifestation, 'so very oloso to us, hud really alarmed both 1110 and my 'wifo. Howovor, wo got tlio ten tray successfully to tlio sitting-raom, though wo could not induco Mrs. Kaloy to touch tho ton wo hud so heroically got for her ; she seemed quite col- Inpsotl, and only oapnblo of moaning out her husband's name. A suddon scraping at tho front, door, fol lowed by a dog's whining, diverted our attention. " Why, John, tluit must ho Spot ; woiulor- ing what lias become of us, ho bus followed lis hero." ; I was delighted, and at onco went to tho front iloor iuid lot in my fox-terrier. Spot's delight was exuberant ; he jumped about and fawned upon euuh of us ill turn, drawing, one thoughts away lor a moment from tlio fright, of tlio evening. It was only, howovur, for a niomont, for Iho knocking beneath tlio floor soon recommenced, ns though tlio ghost was indignant at tho latest arrival. Spot was instantly oii'tho alert. Ho was by no means frighteuud, and siiili'ud all about the room, then followed a crack batwooii two boards tho length of tho room, mid .began energetically scraping at tho skirting-board with his fore- paws. Spot's activity was siiooooded by a rapid series , of sharp raps and dull thudding knocks, , here, thoro, and ovory where undor tlio room. Tho stoto of the' women may. be iiiuigincd, wife, noiglibour, mid sorvririt all appealed to 1110 for help; und I, though I would net havo acknowledged it, wus only less terrified tiiini tliey wore. Spot inado for tho. door at length. I ojiened it for him, and out ho (lurtcd, down tlio pitssugo to tlio kitchen, utid tlioro ho begun frantically scraping at a cup board door. I laid followed him, und at onco opened tlio cupboard and saw a holo in l.lio flooring. This Spot tried hard to squcezo him- solf through, mid to. hoip him I at length pulled up Iho ill-fitting board ; ho disap peared .at onco down tho opening. Then there commenced u torriblo scrimmage bom-nth tho flour. Tlio screaming of tlio women folk draw mo to tlio sitting-room again, und indeed tho lioisq going on undor tho boards wus enough to frighten tlio stoutost-hcurtad. It did not continue for long, liowavor, aud in a short timo all was silont. I cullod Spot, but ho did not oomo. I went towards tho door, cull ing uud whistling to him, mid thoro ho upiKnirod, proudly wuggiiig tho stump of a tail, whioh is all thrit fashion loaves him, and dragging along tho ghost whioh lmd. ulurinad us ull. , Tlio following ovoning Mr. and Mrs. Kaloy, my wife, and I enjoyed an oxcolleut rabbit pio. My wifo mudo it, and sho oun cook. 