In Sapphire Seas. A MIDNIGHT MELEE. A. TALE OF TOTOGA. v By I. H; Pbitgbaud. Captain \Iarry Horton was lazily IouSging in the hammock slung from tbo posts of the verandah in front of his quarters at Toto'ga. It' had boen a nwoltoring day, and- the heat was still in- tense enougu to maso a man feol like stripping off his flesh and lying down in his bare bones. There was not a broath of wind to tomper tho oppressive calm, Tho broad leaves of tho big Salato treo over against the embankment wero as still as if oarvon in stone, and oven the long pendalous spears of tbo palm branohos hung limp and motionless. \- uapcaia norton uad just returned from a stroll to tho beach, where the sun glare from the shingly ' foreshore had seemed almost to tear his eye balls -till ho had turnod thorn to tho gambols of a sohool of porpoise whioh had got in by one of the roof passages, and wore pitohing and plunging through the glassy harbor waters in what appoared to bo all the abandon of tho most supreme enjoyment. 11 Decidedly," thought tho captain, as he watohed the smoko wreaths from his selnka go ourling aloft, and with tho palm leaf fan in bis hand dromily tried to keep at a respeotful distance at least some of the flies bent on making explor ing expeditions into the recesses of his oars, tho corner of his eyes, and the in- torior regions of bis ; nostrils. " Deoid- edly, in tbis sort of woathor, it is a grand thing to bo a porpoiso." Captain Horton was a small dark, spare man, but all thero was of him was olcan grit. Ho had seen a good bit of, island lifo. He had dodgod tho head hunters of New Guinea on a bootloas Boaroh for sandalwood up. tho Fry -River. He had dickered oheap outlory and gaudy prints for pearl shell and tortoise shell with tho eannibais of Bonka and : Bouganvillo. He had traded through tho Solomon and Hebrides, and had got bowled over with fever and ague at Tanna, where he mado the acquaintance of that ntter scoundrel Buily Hayes, and had escaped with a whole skin. Finally ho drifted to Fiji where ho joined in the attempt just then io progroas to form a govornmont under the .native king, Ho served through the Mountain war got rid died wish bullets at Na Culi, and was now with tbo rank of captain in the Bail rogiment doing dnty as superintendent of armed native constabulary at Totoga. Totoga was an old fighting town which had been olearod out to transform it into a barracks and gaol reserve. The fight ing fence a good substantial brostwork of earth and stones with its outer moat, now half filled still surrounded tho enolosuro but inside, instead of natives huts, thoro stood a long rood building serving as bar raoks, mess reom and ofOoors quarters, and a substantially constructed look up built of cooo&nut; trunks laid ohock and log fashion. The place had one genoral passage, run ning fore and aft, with a common rccop- taole for nativo prisoners on ono side, and a few oolla for speoials or womon on the othor. Tho ono entranoe was b&rrod; by a stout wiokot gate It was not as strong as tho Bastillo nor as imposing as the Towea but rolianco was ohiefiy placed on tho armod guard, roliovod every two hours, whioh did sentry go round tho place, and as a lantern hanging from tho roof of tho passage allowod thosontinol to see in through tho gato oach timo he passed, tho gaol was oonsidorod fairly eoouro. At this timo however, it was ovororowd, od and for tho bettor oustody of certain dosporato criminals thoy woro log ironod and liandcuffod by ono wrist at night to ring bolts in tbo floor, so that thoy oould sit up and uso ono hand, but could go no further. "Hullo Quirk," oricd the oaptain as a European eorgeant with two nativo con stables having botweon them a pair ot tall loan, musoular looking savages, ontorod onclosuro and camo towards him "Who bavo you got thore?" Tho prisoners woro handcuffed to gether. 'i hoy woro mon with wild florco eyos and .straight mats of conrsocoal black hair, baring) nothing in tho way of clabQrfy qQAttmio byon&'V. narrow strip \ of masi or native cloth pasiod botwoen tho logs and mado fast in a thin twist round tho hens It was an abbreviated form of tho Fijian Malo and oven this was roluotantly adopted as a concession to European prejudices, since tho national dross is that of Adam before the. snake in cident. Tho men's "Codies woro soamcd with tho scars of old wounds and their genoral appcaranco was decidedly not calculated to create a fooling of confidence in their amiability, t . Two Tokolauf, sir," said tbo scrgoaht .r£JTonso io.his suporior's ionuirv, . ' Whoro faom?" "Sont from Mokogai." "What/havo they been up to ?' ".The usual thing, air, fighting with the|r weeding knives about tboir womon folk. This tall fellow carved up two giriainro mincemeat and tho othor laid out three of the mon so that they are not expected to recover." 'Umpb, well it is too late to do any-, thing this evening. Fuf them in with tho others and knock off tho handcuffs. Wo will see about them in tho morning. A word or two about tho TokolauB, or luks as thoy uro generally oallod. Thoy aro tho Icthyophagi tho fish eators of tho tho Union, tho Phoenix bI.1 o! i i'1' Goographora ap ply tho titlo only to tho South Soae. but it oovora tho lot aud tlioso men woro from Xepituoa m iho group last named. The islets are oil lolly atols, more rings of coral upon whioh soil has sparsely aoonmnl-' otod. Each has the, same annular for mation with a central lagoon having no visibla 'communication with tho ocean tides. The highest of tho. islands is not muoh above SO feet above sea levol and tho vegetation la chiefly confinod to tho ooeoannt tree, tho ponoanns, and a cor; tain kind Of tore. Tho island, havo no fresh water oxooptwhatean bo eonsorved and tho people, with which thoy swarm, ; live ohiofiy on fish, till in nan. innf.n.n. their skin Dooomos as scaly aseJboir diot ihoy are almost amphibious, and are tho inventors of that human instrument, to bo seen in most mmoums, the shark's teeth knife. This is a long rongh hlado ot ooeoannt wood, with tho teoth firmly tastoned to tbe grooved edges, points up. permost. Tho perfect weapon has tho appearance of a double-odgod saw, and when a out is mado with theso things on the bare body of Bn antagonist, and when tho operator giveB tho knife tho draw motion, which is most effeoiivo, the result is a frightful laceration. In thoir readiness to uso this tool on each othor tho TukB aro the Spaniards of the Pacific, They aro jonlons an qnor- rolsomo, and as conjugal fidelity is not a prime virtue among thoir womon, thero is trequent rooonrso to tho national law- giver. Few spectacles aro moro horrible than that presented by half.Qidozon Tuks, male and fomalo, engaged in a battle royal, They aro blood-besmeared from hand to foot, and each combatant is mo mentarily expeotod to give np the ghost. But tho woubds are not so dangerous as they appear, and tho knives tear tho flesh without penetrating to any depth. The after-effeots aro soon in the long raisod weals on tho body, and it is seldom a Tuk is met with whoso arms and "trunk are not thus seamed. When the native knife is exohanged for tbo I6in. article of Sheffield manu- facture, results aro moro dangerous, and the uncomfortable knack he has of run ning amok, haoking, sloshing, and cutting in all directions, quite satisfied to pay the penalty if ho cau only do the desired damage, makes a Tuk on the rampage a gentloroan to be very strictly and care fully avoided. It was two of those gentle savages, strangers in a strange land, prisoners under armod guard, haunted by a name less terror of the consequences to ensue upon their tribal disagreement, that Cap tain Horton aow had in oharge. Evening had deepened into night, and night had reached its watohing hoar Horton lay peacefully slumbering in his pyjamas. lo sound could bo heard but the dull tramp of tho sentry, whon, in an instant, there broke out a din more un earthly than any ever heard outside pan demonium Yells of terror, shouts of rage, shrieks of mon, maddoned affrightenod by somo sudden terror, burst from tho prisoners in an agonised but unintolligiblo ohorus. High abovo all rang out an occasional" scream of domoniao exultation and sav&go; fury. Thero was.no mistaking tho moaning of tho uproar, It was tho ory of mortal terror from mon unablo to fight or flv. ihoro was slaughter abroad and brutal murder going on in that erowod coll. Horton, pyjama clad, and revolver in hand, was on tho spot in an instant, after tholirst outbreak. Besides hip, in liko undress, ond similarly armed, ' stood Quirk. Tho light in tho lookup was out, aud all was thick darknoaa. from whioh still camo that horrible lilood ourdiing outcry. Tho sontry and tho mon who had rushed to tho spot ohattered and gcstioulatod in wildoat excitement, whilo out of tbo din rang at intervals, shrieks of " A volu ! I valu I Na daub laba! Voleka noitou mate. Dolava no Katubn. "Fight! Fight ! Tho murderors! Our death is near. Opon tho door." And as if to. emphasise the orios through tho uproar, oamo tho heavy thud, thud, as of a club falling upon a naked body. " A light bring a light." . yelled Hor ton, who was now in the pitoh darknoss trying to forco tho door from the passage into the cell, whioh, aftor drawing tbe bolts, gbo found firmly held from tho in side.. "Bring a light." he cried again. "Here Quirk, pot yonr shoulder against it. Now," and as it yielded a little ho passed his hand in and fired in the direotion of the rosiBtanco. Instantly tho door yielded, and Horton, followed by Quirk, sprang into tho dark noss and din from which still camo the babel of affrighted cries, groans ot pain, tho occasional yell of exultation, and tho thud, thudj-of tho failing olab. It was a timo to try tho stoutest nervo. Darkness, terror and murder conjoined to cro&tq; an unpalatablo horror as the white mon stood with oyes straining into the gloom, ears half deafened by tho din, pistols in readiness, and arms held above their hoads to e&toh; any descending blow while round them surged the rush of hatf'tnaddened men. "Lights ; bring lights !" was the roiter- ated command. "Will yon novor bring lights and lot us see what is going on in this devil's don ?" Tho wAit Hoomod .intorminablo, though it was reully short At last tho light flashed in. Thoro was a momentary glimpse of a nude, 'black (figure, swinging oloftahoavy club; tho sharp oraok of a rovolvor, tho man dropped uib weapon, swayed, and in an iustant foil forward on his faco With tho light and presonco of tho 'white men tho tumult quiokly subsided, but tho coll was li«3 a shambles. Oloso by the door lay tho lifeless body of one Tuk, while in tho furtbor end lay tho corpse of the othor, shot through tho brain. On tho floor in the oontro were two of the manaolod prisoners, insonsiblo and bleoding profusoly from gaping wounds in the head ; whilo among tho other exoited prisoners woro half a dozen moro, whose battored and bleeding bodies pre sented evidences of tho torrlblo ordeal through whioh thoy had passed. " What was it all about f'' asked Hor ton. "It was tho JCai tani saka. Thoy olubbod us with that," pointing to a murderous looking billot of hardwood scantling that lay on the floor. " How did it oomo hero P" Then it was explained ibat tho working gang, in passing a building in.courso of erection, bad piokod up this and soveral othor billots to sorvo as pillows. JTho prisoners who could movo about rlad aufforccWesH from tho mnrdoroui onslaught ; but tho men in irons hid been fearfully belabored. ' " True to luoir Und thoJTuks Jial do'ter- mined to dio fighting, and 'had done ao ; bu», strangoly onough, it was proved <bb examination that whilo tho one had -been rubbed out br tho revolver bail, itho'otber had been killed by a olow-whichhad fractured his bVuII. conclusion possiblo waV thW while holding back the door,' or immedi. atoly after thoGring of.tbo first shot; he had beon enoountorcfi in tho darknois by; Ills oivn comrade, and had mot death at hi. hands. How tho light camo to go out no ono oonld explain, and it is probablo tbo dosporato men took advantage of an acci dental circumstance to run amok under too novel and-oxoiting conditions, which lod up to tho midnight moloo —Leader. ' 