MARGARET WEYMUTH'S MOTHER. I. ' Tim,' the old gardener, exclaimed to ' Meg,' his wife, who stood looking at him behind the great, yellow rose bushes, where he was mowing the grass, 'You're a silly, fanciful woman, allus with some bee in your bonnet ! ' The thin wife's sharp face grew paler, and she looked as though about to break into tears. 'Tim, dear,' she said, with trembling lips, ' it's the fourth time this month — as God i« mv indprfi ! ' 'Bah!' he exclaimed in contemptuous disbelief, and swirled the hissing scythe through the grass. Meg wrung her hands despairingly. ' Oh, Tim, dear ! ' she cried, in accents telling so unmistakably of overwrought imagination that, stopping, he threw down the scythe and came to her, putting his arms strongly around her. She shook convulsively in his arms and sobbed hysterically. 'Now, now!' he exclaimed with determination, 'stop this ! stop this ! ' ' But, the poor mistress ! ' she sobbed. ' Oh, my dear, dear mistress ! ' He held her firmly in his arms, and by degrees she grew calm. ' I'm better now, lad,' she said, drawing herself out of his arms and sitting down on the grass. ' Go on working,' ' she added, wiping- her eyes with her- apron ; ' I'll sit here a bit.' He watched her a moment, then, reassured, began to swing the scythe again. ' Hadn't we better tell Miss Margaret?' she broke out with after some time. ' No ! ' her husband exclaimed peremptorily. ?' 'Or the master?' ' No ; do you want to drive him silly ? ' ' God forbid !' she exclaimed, her voice breaking with the fearful emphasis. ' Then, tell no one.' He turned away to work again. Meg, with her sore heart and tired brain, listened to the singing of the scythe as she leant on her arm until she slowly drifted into sleep. The scythe stopped ; Tim knelt beside her, and, stooping, kissed the simply-parted head. ' Poor lassie,' he said, with rough kindliness ; ' she's not strong ; not at all strong.' II. The Weymuths, father and daughter, with the gardener and his wife, had lived at ' Rosemath ' for many years. Margaret, the daughter, was in very truth ' all the world ' to her father ; for ever since one night ten years ago, when he had staggered into the house and fallen in a fit at Tim the gardener's feet, he had been deaf and blind : shut in a jiving tomb. He was a strong- and passionate man, with a powerful brain and will of iron. It was Margaret who once took the knife from him with which, in his horror of the living death he was compelled to endure, he was about to kill himself. It was Margaret, too, who discovered a means of communicating between him and the world ; she who let light on his hideous darkness. The manner of her discovery was this : One day, when sitting beside him holding his hands, her very veins throbbing with sympathy, the palm of his left hand lay upwards in hers, and, thinking no doubt of the nerveless blackness that was his only outlook, she traced with his right forefinger on the upturned palm the word 'Light.' His voice suddenly thrilled her with a joy that was almost terror, so full of delirious hope were its tones. 'Light!' he cried out. 'Margaret, my girl, I understand — ' light' ! Write again ! write again! ' Thus did she raise him from the dead. Much of her time was spent at his side — so much that the roses on her cheeks grew a little pallid, and the doctor recommended rest ; but she said that her rose-garden was the best tonic she knew, and that an hour's sun- bath in the deep grass under the yellow rose-bushes, with the sparkling sky trellised with swaying tendrils overhead, was the most delicious and unfailing restorative. The doctor smiled and shook his head ; but Margaret had her way. Between twelve and three every day the father slept, and those were Margaret's free hours. To-day she sat in the long, low room that was dimly lit by a little narrow window high up in the wall and the shaded light that came in through the French windows under the low verandah. Meg was with her darning stockings, and Margaret sat on a low stool before the fireplace, in which on this cold spring day, a small fire was burning. ' Suddenly she knelt up, and drawing Megs face down kissed her impulsively. 'Meg, dear,' she exclaimed, 'I dreamt of my mother last night, and so strong was the impression left by the dream that this morning as I rose to dress I thought I saw her pass through my door,' she pointed to the farther of two deep-framed, dark cedar doors that were in the opposite wall, ' and come into this room. Meg's eyes grew large and her face paled, but she^had sufficient control of her voice to say quietly, ' Yes, miss.' ' Yes. She was not dressed as she is in the picture you gave me, but she seemed dirty and neglected. I knew her face as she turned to me in passing out. I came to the door and watched her walk through this room, through the French windows, and out into the garden. It was quite light. She turned again as she stood by my yellow rose-bushes.' ' Yes, miss,' Meg whispered hoarsely. Margaret passed her hand across her forehead. 'Just then my father called me, and I seemed to be startled wide awake. It was gone.' , Margaret looked round towards the French windows and out into the bright garden with a wistful, puzzled look. Meg could control herself no longer. 'Oh, miss,' she said in suffocated tones, ' I have seen the poor mistress too.' Margaret sprang to her feet with a hand to her head, her eyes wide-set. ' Meg I what ao you mean .- Meg clasped and unclasped her hands, swaying her body to and fro, as she uttered the words with a wailing tremble of her voice. ' Oh, the dear mistress ! I have seen her spirit ; twice in this room in the dusk and twice in the garden in broad day kneeling by the yellow rose-bushes. Oh, miss, so pale and sad. Poor mistress ; oh, poor mistress ! God rest your soul and give you peace !' She wailed piteously, and Margaret, though herself dazed, bewildered, and troubled with the confusion of rushing thoughts, put her arms round the faithful woman, comforting her as though she were a little child. ' Meg, these things are all the imagination. God doesn't send people back to this earth again. Perhaps my mother is not dead.' 'God grant she is, miss!' Meg wailed, ' that her sin may be forgiven her.' ' Hush !' Margaret whispered, ' you mustn't speak like that.' The thought stopped her tears, and she looked into the young girl's face. ' You are so like her, miss,' she said in a hushed voice ; 'the same soft, brown hair and grey eyes ; but there's something different in your face, Miss ; it's better, Miss ; more stronger.' 'Hush!' Margaret crouched down and buried her burning face in her hands. Meg sat still, staring before her expressionlessly and blinking hard. In a few moments Margaret spoke again. She had turned her back on Meg, and was looking into the garden at a bush of daphne whose scent was stealing heavily into trie room. ' Meg,' she said in somewhat sharp tones, ' tell me all about my mother — why she left my father and ? and with whom ?' ' No one knows who the villain was, Missie, — May God Almighty wither him and his ? ' ' Speak without curses.'; ' Ah, Miss ; the sweet mother !' 'Meg!' The 'master was cross and hot tempered, Miss; some times violent. She was a young thing, and found too late she had no love for him. But he was cruelly jealous of her — she feared for herself in her great loneliness.' 'Her child?' 'Ah, Miss, the child that isn't born of love is not much comfort.' A loud sob sounded quite close to them. Margaret quickly knelt up again. Meg's face was ashen, her lips trembled. 'God in heaven, missie; did you hear that ? ' ' It's the wind,' Margaret exclaimed abruptly. ' Is it, Miss ?' Meg said tremblingly. 'Yes ; that's it.' She drew a deep breath of reassurance and hurried on. ' The mistress was afraid of the trouble coming on the master, too.' ' What trouble?' 'Ah, Miss,' Meg exclaimed remorsefully, as though trying to call back the spoken words. ' Don't ask me. I spoke too much.' ' What do you mean, Meg.' ' Nothing, Miss. For the love of heaven don't make me say more.' ' What . trouble? You mean paralysis ? it had threatened ? ' 'Yes, Miss.' ' You are deceiving me. How dare you ! What trouble cua my motner rear r now should the tear or my father s being paralysed drive her to such a step ? ' Meg fell on her knees and clasped Margaret's skirts in her grip, crying out like one bereft: 'Oh, Miss Margaret, don't force me to speak ; Tim '11 never forgive me.' ' I will compel you to tell me what you mean.' Then with many tears and protestations of undying devotion to her and love for the vanished mother, Margaret learnt the terrible secret that had been kept from her ; that in her family for three generations there had been homicidal mania ; that her great-grandfather in England had escaped the gallows only by the verdict of insanity given by the board of medical inquiry ; that her grandfather developing the mania late in life had killed his keeper and died raving mad ; and that it was the haunting fear of the possibility that seemed to threaten her husband which had driven her mother whose marriage had alienated her from her people to flee in desperation from his house. The poor girl was crushed to the earth at the horrible tidings, and lay for some time so quiet and still that Meg was horror-stricken, and in her terror ran out calling to her husband for help, and when he came told him what she had done. Cursing her for her slippery tongue, he struck her full in the mouth, and picking up Margaret's insensible body carried her to her bedroom. She was ill with fever for some time, and day after day her afflicted father, who was told only of her illness, sat by her side, murmuring her name and stroking her tangled hair that strayed over the pillow. Hnp risiv clip lav en «f-i11 srnri rr»1H that th-=- hiinH man rrvjp suddenly, and clasping her fiercely in his arms, suddenly flung her from him with a hoarse cry and stumbled from the room. Those who followed him found him feeling in a drawer for what they were careful he did not find. He fought with them like a wild beast, and the doctor was forced to fling a chloroformed handkerchief over his face. By and bye they wrote on his hand that she lived, and from his sightless eyes the tears gushed, every sob seemed threatening to break his heart III. The knowledge that she had acquired so abruptly seemed to have turned Margaret from a bright young girl into a sad strong woman. She had faced the terrible reality and learnt to endure. She thought all had been met with and subdued ; but there was one great renunciation that came to her and killed the last throb of happy girlhood in her. One day the doctor, being ill, sent a young practitioner but lately come to the suburb to attend her father. It was love at first sight. She denied it to herself, but one night he convinced her down by the yellow rose bushes that were ghastly in the moonlight and wet with dew. She had been telling him of the vision that had disturbed her and the woman-servant, and he had told her they were only hallucinations born of a sick liver through a too sedentary life, and too close observance of her duty to her father. ' Continuously thinking of something,' he said, 1 ' by and bye becomes a habit of thought and begets a waking dream something like the red, green, and gold jewels we see flying and flashing when we bury our eyes in the pillow at night, or the sheep we count to put us to sleep. It's only the mind a little morbid.' The word ' morbid ' sent a chill through her. ' Oh, I am so lonely,' she cried involuntarily, just as a man would call out ' Save me ! ' if he were drowning and saw a human being in a boat close by. In a moment the flame had kindled. Passionate words, half-slain in passionate kisses, burst from his lips. She was lost in the intoxication of the moment ; her lips were warm and submissive under his own ; her arms twined about him. They walked into God's heaven and heard His voice blessing their union. That was at night ; when the sun rose she posted a letter, some lines of which ran thus : — ' For those that might be given us the sacrifice must be made. We have no right to perpetuate nature's awful cruelties. I shall love you for ever ; if that happened I should hate you. We should learn in looking at our handi work to hate each other. No love could excuse it. No ! No ! God forgive it.' In vain he pleaded that heredity was often exhausted in the third generation. She saw him no more. IV. One night she wrote on her father's hand, ' Let us find my mother.' She had twice seen the phantom that so disturbed her. It had been invisible ever since her illness, but now it came again. The last time its face was sadder, its movements slower, and it had passed closer to her so that she could see dark smudges on its throat like bruises. She had begged it to speak to her, to come nearer that she might take it in her arms and soothe it, but as she spoke it dropped its head as though in shame, and raising it again the expression had become terrible ; the eyes were rolled up until only the whites were visible, and the features were twisted as in strangula tion, the flesh was green and putrid as of one long dead, and, most horrible appearance of all, the dreadful apparition seemed to peer through a beautiful bush of yellow roses. Margaret felt her reason tottering. With a desperate offrwi- r\f wt\\\\] cVie» L-pnt Vipr mpntnl halanrp. hi it qVip rnniH tint repress a loud scream of terror, at the sound of which the spectre vanished, From that moment Margaret was convinced that her mother was dead, and that she had seen her spirit. That Meg, too, saw it reassured her, as she had begun to fear that the fatal heredity was claiming its last victim. To-night her mind was full of painful thoughts, and her heart ached in a dull, hopeless way, as hearts will when they are gripped in a vice whose screw none can loosen. ' Let us find mv mother,' she wrote on the old man's palm. He quivered from head to foot. 'Why?' he cried out in a loud fierce voice. ' Let her be ! ' She seized his hand again add wrote : — ' She may yet live — find her ! ' But he flung her hand away, and began to stride furiously up and down the room, muttering to himself and gesticulating fiercely. She seized his hand again as he passed, but he shook her from him roughly. She fell against the table, and lay half across it watching him breathlessly. He walked like a man who had his sight. Suddenly he stood still, and looked straight at her. ' / see you, Margaret' he exclaimed with slow emphasis. '/ see you distinctly.' Speak to me!' his lips parted in an agony of expectation. ' Margaret,' he cried loudly in tones of terror, ' speak to me, child ! ' 'Father!' Her eyes were alight with hope and joy. ' Can you see me ? ' ' I hear you ! ' he almost screamed. She flew to him and drew him down to her, clasping him about the neck and kissing his fevered cheeks in a delirium of joy. But he was not heeding her ; he was looking over her shoulder with a strange fixed expression. She raised her head. His face was like a stone mask, his form rigid. He pointed fixidly at the corner of the low room in which they stood, and seemed to be following with his staring eyes something that moved through the room. 'Look!' he whispered in a voice hoarse with terror. ' Look!' She recoiled from him instinctively. A touch of ice thrilled her ; her teeth chattered. ' What ! ' she exclaimed loudly. But her father was walking out into the garden following something. ' Tim ! Meg !' she shrieked at the top of her voice. The man and wife ran in. ' Come after my father, he sees' she gasped ; ' and sees it.' They followed her as she ran into the garden. In the hot summer moonlight her father stood by the yellow rose-bushes. Something in his pose kept them standing at a distance horribly expectant. Weymuth stood with his powerful frame erect, and long white hair falling loosely about his head, his face turned towards them with eyes glittering greenly in the moonlight. ' She came,' he cried in a loud, fierce voice that gathered in vehemence as he went on, ' she came ten years ago — your mother — by night. I saw her from the window, and stole through the bushes to her side. She was watching the house and crying — crying ; the jade ! And she had torn my heart out without a whimper — crying for food and clothing. It was the vile, animal side of her that was in distress. Ha ! She crawled to my feet and begged for mercy. Mercy for her ! And what for me ? With her little white hands she had pushed me into hell. Where was her tenderness, her pity ? Mercy ! I could endure no more. I felt a demon break loose within me. I sprang on her — my fingers met in her throat — her struggles made me drunk with joy.' He laughed a horrible, mad laugh that jangled with the poor girl's shriek as she fell to the ground, and pointing to the roots' of the yellow rose-bushes, he cried out, 'Dig down; you'll find your mother there ! ' The gardener and his wife clung to each other sobbing like children; but Weymuth, clapping his hands fiercely to his head and uttering an inarticulate cry like a stricken beast, fell on his face at the foot of the rose-bushes. The man and wife carrying the unconscious girl between them stumbled, drunk with horror, across the paddocks to a neighbour's house. The police were warned, and going to the house found Weymuth, a gibbering idiot, sitting under the roses and digging with his fingers in the moist earth like a child at play. They took him along, handcuffed as a felon, to the receiving house, and thence he was sent to the asylum, but he lived only a twelvemonth. Fate was kinder to the daughter, for on the very night of the tragedy, without recovering consciousness, she died. In the lantern's light the men, busy with their spades, had turned up a skeleton with rags of female dress upon it, and after legal inquiry had been made had buried it in consecrated ground. From that day the. ghost was seen no more. EPILOGUE. As the old man finished his story he looked up with his inexpressive face and exclaimed in the same tone in which he had told me the story, ' There's Meg now.' I looked across the paddock. An old bent figure was just going through the gate. ' Why do you still live here ? ' I asked. ' Oh, they wanted someone to look after the place a bit, an' it was our 'ome.' ' But arn't you — er — frightened ? ' He laughed rustily. 'Of the ghost? I don't believe there ever was one. It was the Lord's way o' seeing justice done. The young mistress was a dreamy sort o' girl, and the old woman was allus a bit superstitious.' ' Not so much afraid of the ghost,' I said, ' but of the whole situation.' He looked at the house in his dull way. ' It's ten years ago,' he said. ' He was a good, kind gentleman, the master; but the Lord's hand was heavy on him. The missus was to blame, you know,' he shook his head obstinately. 'Well, good day,' I exclaimed, finding that his leaden disposition was weighing on my nerves. 'Good day, sir. P'raps ye'd like a few roses,' he said, ' we've only got yellow ones,' he added. I shuddered. 'Not to-day, thanks,' I said, and was soon out of hearing of the final words he threw after me. Thus ended the story of the old house, and I know now why its horrible decay had chilled into my marrow, and its sinister aspect filled me with forebodings. ? 