Fair Comment. Labour, wide as the earth, has its summit in heavehV— CABiiYtB. ? * * * , ? A delegate o£ the Single Taxers formally wel comed Ben Tillett on his arrival. .' We do not ?agree 'on many points,'1 he said, 'but in tha main we are aereed.' Ben answered, 'We Vill strive for unity of motive — unity of method will take care of itself.' '; ? ? '-..-? * -: ?*.,* The ' Age ' and the ' Argus' are very much concerned about submarine cables, and talk a good deal about the all-British route. What is the matter with a direct line from. Australia to the Pacific slope of the United States 1 The . public ha8 had about enough of the practice of filtering every item of news through London. * * * Deau Tocsin, — I think we Tocsinners could advocate or agitate for amalgamation of the Municipal Councils around Melbourne. Having amalgamated-, they would become more in De mocracy than they are now in their separated state. I believe without doubt, that if they be come so lamented, we would have a noble body like the London County Council. — J.B. * * * The newly-appointed consul for the Uuited States at Newcastle, Dr. F. W. Golding, states that large numbers of Yankee soldiers are ex perienced in the art of warfare, having been en gaged in quelling riots. Most of this quelling, which the doctor presumably refers to, was for the purpose of subduing honest labour for the selfish benefit of American plutocracy. The Brisbane ' Worker' says of this item — ' Take it to the United Skates and read it there.' Read it first in unfederated Australia, * * * Strange case was lately tried in the London Law Courts about a carpet. Mrs. Brunton had a carpet valued at 1000 guineas, and sent it to the large firm 0/ Madle & Co, to be cleaned. They handed it over to a wretched employe named Ireland, who carried it to his miserable garret, where he took out the stains with benzoline, which caused a fire, burning two of his children to death, and the carpet was destroyed. It re calls the story of Morel, the starving lapidary, in Eugene Sue's ' Mysteries of Paris.' In his attic, with a family of skeletons, he worked on jewels valued at a million, * * * N.S.W. Minister of Works asks the Railways Engineer in Chief whether, in view of the expe rience obtained on the lines from. Nevertire to Warren and Berrigai to Finlay, it would be safe to carry out the first section of the line from Moree to Inverell by day labour, or, at any rate, without the intervention of a general contractor. It seemed impossible to conclude a railway contract without such claims for extras being made as rendered it almost an impossi bility to come to a just settlement without an expensive law suit or arbitration, or to pay more than the contractor was justly entitled to in order to avoid costs. The Engineer replied that tlm work could be done without the inter vention of a contractor. Upon this report the fliliniBter ordered the construction of the line by day labour. Will the 'Victorian Railways have the gumption tp follow .thjs.good example ? * * * There's a rule of the Police Department that if a first-class sergeant is promoted to a higher rank, say, 'one day after he reaches fifty-five .years of age, he may be promoted still higher during the rest of his term of service. . But if a second-class sergeant is but one day over fifty - five, he cannot be promoted even to the position of first-class sergeant, but must stay where he is until he leaves the service. This is not fair. It is the case of greasing the fat pip-. For if a sub-inspector who has passed the age of fifty five years should be eligible for promotion to any giddier height, why in the name of reason ?can't a second-class sergeant of the same age be promoted to the position of first-class sergeant, especially when on the latter case the promo tion would not entail any increase of salary be yond that which, without promotion, the officer would.be entitled to ? We understand that the rule was made by a Minister who was not made aware by his departmental advisers of the injus tice that it entailed. We hope to hear of its speedy alteration. * * * Federation doesn't seem to improve things much over in Chicago. The following is from Chicago ' Inter-Ocean,' and some Victorians are so suspicious that they are inclined to say it 'may, have a local application— some day. ' The street car companies of this city intend soon to ask the council for an extension of franchises,' 'said Chairman Philpot. 'They will ask that body to give them the use of the streets, for which they will give nothing in return. Cer tain aldermen say it will be impossible to pre vent the passage of this measure, but I say I will take a hand in it. On the night on which that ordinance comes up I intend to call a mass meeting and gather, about the city hall 20,000 people, and if the corrupt aldermen dare to vote for it we will kill them, They will not dare to do it. There are no such things as honest legis lative bodies, neither in the cities or states. The 'National Congress is corrupt, and if the con ditions are not soon remedied, we will all go to perdition together. Corporations are being sandbagged everywhere, and the people cannot and will not stand this eternal taxation, I wonder that there is not more murder done, and I would not blame any onefor doing it. With a few exceptions they are all thieves, and there is only one way to remedy the matter, arid that is by getting the bosses out of power.' A Ghost appears before us to say there can be no bosses in Australia. Treason doth ever prosper : what's the reason 1 Why, if it prosper, none dare call it treason. ' Harrington. '-?£\ ? * ? ? ?' * In the French Chamber of Deputies the Radicals and Socialists now hold ;2ll seats, where they previously held 174. The 'Age' says this spoils the hope of a strong government for France. Like other countries, France wants, not Strong Governments, but good government. The Socialists and Radicals are the boys for the situation. * * ? . An event in Broken Hill Labour history is the laying of the foundation-stone of the Trades Hall on Sunday, June 5rh. We hope, said in- ? stitution will never become an effete one. An effete Trades Hall is a worse enemy to the Labour movement than a Patterson Government or a Jay Gould. And Labour all over the world is awaking to the truth of this. 1 * * * . George W. E. Russell, .M.P., writes thus: ' The growth of a hostile Labour Party is a . natural and a just judgment upon the Liberal Parby for having grown slack in its attention to social problems.' ' Within the last quarter of a century,' he says, speaking of the Liberals, '* this zeal for social reform has visibly declined.' ' The influence of the capitalist, the employer, and the landlord lay upon the Liberal Party heavy as frost and deep almost as life.' * * * Editoes Tocsin,— -A short time ago you dealt with a Salvation Army scandal, or one of its officer's conduct in connection with a lad in one of its institutions, and the silence of the Melbourne press in the case. I believe you should go a little further, and advocate Govern ment inspection (impartial, unawares) in all these institutions, whether they are Army prison- brigade homes, or orphan homes, or re ligious or charitable institutions of any faith or sect._CoNSTANT Header. » * * ? . The Colonial Sugar Company has issued a circular to the manufacturers of raw sugar that they are prepared to pay £8 5s. a ton, and give a bonus the same as last year, provided' the manufacturers of white and yellow in Bunda berg, Maryborough, and Isis, only'place 35,000 tons on Australian markets, exporting the balance to foreign markets ; otherwise the com pany will decline to purchase sugar from these three centres. This 'company issues a ukase as if they owned the country. We would ask, where do the people come in ? Are they not entitled to cheap 'sugar ? Socialism will wipe out their power to fleece in this fashion.— ' People and Collectivism' N.S.W. Wanted a law against all 'trusts,' 'rings,' and 'knock- outs.' * * * Concerning the Dudley Colliery Disaster (crime), the 'People and Collectivist' says: — 'Dudley Colliery, like most other collieries, was worked for profit— and for no other'reason. It had a managing director and a manager; ,It had its strikes and lockouts — and it had1 its bitterly vindictive blacklistings, as one man m this district knows only too well. Now, admit ting that there was a reasonable doubt as to the interpretation of the law concerning the con tinuous ventilation of the mine, would 'there still be any justification for stopping the fan when it was known that such action might possibly jeopardise the lives of hundreds o& men. 'But the fan was stopped — not in' Dudley only, but in every other colJiery in the district ; and in some pits men were even working while the fan was lying idle — and that since Chief Inspector Atkinson's appointment.' * * * A correspondent, writes : — The first time I came in contact with 'Labour Leader' Tren with was at a lecture given by Mr. J. P. T. Caul field at the Old Masonic Hall in Lonsdale street, the subject being ' The Mission of the Redmond Brothers.' In his lecture Mr. Canlfield spoke of the Wrongs of Ireland, and the Unfairness of the City Council refusing the use. of the Town Hall to Messrs. Redmond Bros., though they were willing to pay the f3e. Trenwith asked for thirty minutes to reply to Caulfield. and the Free Discussion Society agreed to his request. Mr. Trenwith made a violent, virulent, and vicious attack on the Messrs. Redmond Bros., describing them as the 'Emissaries of Murder ers and of Skulking Cowards who maimed cattle from behind hedges,' and declared that Ireland had no grievance. At this time the Irish question was very unpopular in the colo nies. Some years afterwards (when it became popular) I was surprised to see the same indi vidual (Trenwith) speaking at Davitt's meeting when that gentleman visited the colony last year. Trenwith then had nothing, but praise for Davitt and his cause. * * . # The Mayor of Melbourne, speaking in the Town Hall recently at the Municipal Confer ence, appeared to have a very hazy notion of present-day Socialism. The 'Age' reports him thus :—' The action of the Melbourne Council in regard to supplying private citizens with electric light has-been termed Socialism, but if that was the meaning of Socialism he thought the term was misapplied.' Let the present Bishop of Durham give the answer. It will be found in his pamphlet on 'Present Day So cialism' (which we recommend for perusal by ,the Mayor), of which this is the epitome. 1. Socialism, a theory of life as well as of econo mics. 2. To each according to his needs of services. 3. The dignity of man as man as against the dignity of a class. 4. ,Wage labour, not the true or permanent connection between man and man in the production of wealth. 5. . Organisation for limited objects successful, organisation for larger objects necessary. 6. Christianity a social redemption, as well as an individual redemption. 7. Englishmen have caused present day social trbubles, and English men can and will find a remedy. Yet Freedom 1 yet thy banner, torn, but flying, SW like the thunder-storm ^nst^vuui. ? ? „ '??? . ?'????? .?; : Swelled head, which, by the way, is always xeSJVbiw itself to the plutocrat does nei her ^dividual nor movement auy good. Swelled heart is what we want.- Our Ben. * . * * ' :. Ben hasn't neglected the Bible of Democracy, Walt Whitman's. Leaves , of Grass. ' I rather believe in *Jhe* average man than the gi*iit. said he during his speech at Wight Hours Day luncheon. Vines are usually classified ns crnepeis, but if all the 'Age ' says of Somers Vine is true, then they can 'be crawlers as well. How will the Turner Government come out of the Paupan scandal ? # ? We're apt to make a fetich of our obtaining 'eight hours' out here, and it does' no good when such as Ben remind us that North of Eng land coal pit men worked only 7£ hours a day 100 years ago. ' * * ? * . It speaks well for the grit of the miners and unionists'- of Charters Towers that they can keep such a hard-hitting, staunch, humour-lighted paper as the ' Eagle,' going strong. And it's a 3d. paper too. * * * Ben Tillett has been delivering broadsides on 'beer-money' up Broken Hill way. Mel bourne is not altogether free from reproach. A very small deduction from the price of one long-sleever ' onp.e a ''week would enable a thou sand or so self-denying workers to have a regular bull-dog of a Tocsin in much more effectual biting 'condition than it can be at present. ' * * * Poverty. Thou knowest what a thing is poverty Among the fallen on evil days. ?'Tis crime and fear and infamy, And houseless want in frozen ways Wandering ungarmented; and pain And, worse than all, that inward stain — Foul self -contempt, which drowns in sneers Youth's starlight smile, and makes its tears First like hot gall, then dry forever 1 — Shklley. * ?* * It is interesting to note that under the terms of their Enabling Bill, W.A. cannot finally adopt the Federal Constitution 'unless N.S.W. has agreed to it. The following is the W.A. section oh the subject : — ' The adoption of the Constitution- by W.A. may be signified by the passing 'of ;an Act or by a joint resolution of both Houses of Parliament, and both Houses may thereupon adopt addresses to the Queen praying that the Constitution may be passed into law,.by the Imperial Parliament, subject to the adoption of similar addresses by at least two other: colonies, of which N.S.W. shall be one,' * * * 'A well- known drapery establishment in Bourke-street has nine milliners shut up in a room of about eleven feet square, with the place of convenience right on to- that room,:and it is situated so that when we have. north winds the poor girls do not know how to exist through the offensive smell coming from same. One girl has been twice laid up from the cause. She has just now returned to her work with chronic diarr hoea, brought about, her doctor states, by the bad air of her work-room.' Will the corre spondent, who communicated with us to this effect some time ago, please state whether men tion of the case in The Tocsin has been of any effect? * * * - , Fruits there be, right fair to view, Curs'd with rottenness through and through ; Dead sea apples, good to the eyes, Filled with but vanity and lies ; Proffered cup and dish, we read, Oft have masked some deadly deed. Know ye the ancient saying true That was learned, in defeat, by the Trojan crew? — , ' Fear thou the Greeks, although they be Laden with costly gifts for thee ! ' Fat-men are like the Greeks in this : See that ye spurn their Judas-kiss. Jelly-fish Liberals, Tories, Traitors, Even Labour Legislators Proffer smooth words, specious pleas, Hoping your liberties to seize 1 ' Brothers 1 the foe is at your door, ' Wake, lest you awake no more ! ' Uccello. * * * ' Kansas Agitator ' reports some 'sarcastic '?' remarks of Senator Ingalls on Cy Leland. The Senator certainly doesn't spare the vitroil. Here is a slab : — ' Assembled around him is a-gallant band of young, generous and lofty spirits, like George Find lay, Lit Crum, Frank Brown, Mort Albaugh, Jim Simpson and their associates, animated by the patriotic passion which drives heroes to battle and martyrs to the stake. To say that these eminent citizens are attracted to Cy Leland like flies to feculence, like buzzards to carrion, or .Esquimaux to an occasional wal rus, is an offence not defined in the criminal code, To continually stigmatise these young men as professional bums^ and muckworms, liv ing at political free lunch counters, scurvy thimble riggers, crooks, gamblers, bunco steerers, and confidence men who have worked conventions and legislatures, as fakirs and pick pockets follow a circus; boodling bawds and drabs whose leprous infection no potash, nor mercury, nor hot springs can cure, is an out rage on decency and truth. If there is any dirty work about legislatures, any votes to be bought, any reports to be smothered, and sta tutes to be mutilated, the people know it is not done by Cy Leland and his Cabinet. The Tocsin wants you, and v^T^^ , Tocsin. ' you want th J * * * Is it true that Minister of J,,3tj,,n n kept the papers connected with the T utlll)ett quiry Board until the day the Board rHmetEM its sittings. -? ?. , ComtatnceJ '?? * * P. M-Caughan (we suppose we n,,,n him Pat again) is causing libel law to h cal1 It would appear that an obnoxious hkT T^'l tedly.fl.Rpant|is capable of bein^ S # a wilful and malicious libel. uos«utd. aJ ' * * * RV011^*11* b(?0ks on «# :suhject? n read Th« Tocsin plan of free distribution ln can get any book you want from a imml M an 'Encyclopedia Brittannica.' QH our conditions, and we will do the rest. * I * '' ? ? « I Not only working hours, but worfcin. I tions must be considered nowar)a sg 'Hi machines own us, or we the aachina'o? ni Tillet. (Which remind one of S fS \~H that thought^provoking Erewhon of ill ' Man is a machine-feeding parasite.'') I The annual meetingof the Victorian Social!. J League will take place at the North ff I Grammar School, 579 Lygon-street ^ ! day, June 9th, at eight sharp. Members Til minded that a full attendance is imperZ *J important matters are to be discussed III settled. . '''I * * * I Freedom. I \- Is true Freedom but to break I Fetters for our own dear sake, I And, with leathern hearts, forget I That we owe mankind a debt 1 I No I true Freedom is to share I All the chains our brothers wear I And, with heart and hand, to be' I Earnest to make others fres 1 I They are slaves who fear to speak I For the fallen and the weak; I They are slaves who will not choose I Hatred, Scoffing, and Abuse, I Rather than in Science shrink I From the truth they needs must think- I They are slaves who dare not be ' I In the right with two or three. I — J. R. Lowell, I Some more notions from our contributel 'Crank':— In view of the disturbed state* affairs in the Far East, I think it highlyail visable that each, individual unit of the ml munity should know exactly what part of \m country belonged to him, so that he mightplisl it in a defensible position. If it is general™ admitted- now that a man or institution haven legal right to hold as much laud as the instol ments of privilege and monopoly enable themftH grab, they certainly have no moral right toew pect other landless members of the communit™ to aid;thera in its defence in times of inyaslonl Personally I do uot.care to risk my life, evensfl so much per day, in the capacity of merceniijB swashbuckler, in defence of other people's piofl perty. At present I feel no apprehension, ftfl with the aid of a wheelbarrow I couJd trocilB all my worldly goods off to some place of safeljB But there are others who, though vaguely clainH ing this as their country, would be sorely puzzteH to locate their claim. If the few who reallH own this syndicatefiil Conti nent found that dm alone would have to bear the full responsiii'M of defending it, I think they would becom* exceeding anxious for some form of readjusts ment. I * * * ? The following slab from a late speech «? Queensland Labour Member M 'Donald, m Charters Towers, as repor ted iu the ' EagM will throw some light on the present QueenslaiiB Premier Byrnes, from the Labour point of view Referring to the Q.N. Bank exposure, he s« neither Byrnes nor the present Govt. were '? means of bringing about that exposure. Hadtt« Labour Party not entered politics, the peoM would never have heard of that exposure. *? the man above all others who had tried ? shroud these scandals and swindles m mjWH was Byrnes. Owing to the pressure 01 ? Labour Party, the Government were oomp 1 »? to put the Auditor- General on the Comm'ssw ? and that brought out the disclosures, so m ? not thank the Government nor Byrnes for ™ thing they done in this matter. He tboiW« ? people should have fair play ; but he wjM them that during the passing of the iW '« Act, their members, Dawson and uun« ? Turley, Macdonnell, and four others, were ? pended, and in the action that followed, Vpm accused them of bringing on the s case jm other reason than to get the £2000 WJM suing for. - While' Byrnes was here be Fw.(« something should be done in connect wu ? cyanide patents. But the Labour y^M introduced a Bill before the House, Pj' ? that they should either test the ; W ym otherwise of the patents, and it piH mum that the Government should buy out tne V {lm and then reduce the amount of tm -m The Government could not possibly «P j ^ arguments advanced by Dawson, m ^t|M settled it from a legal aspect. BJW 0^^m author of the Police Manual vhiaa 1 « that in the event of a riot the leaders w 0m* picked out and shot down, and.1™ ^joM at mobs should be effective, and tney .^re™ fire over their beads only, and u w ^ t« with the liberties of the people to su « tent as to. call forth the statemen c (m southern papers that they did f °'be jssue(HW such a diabolical document shouw . d0,M an English community. And JW« {t „ D« nothing to recall that document, an n in force. m * H Does your club want books- H offers free books under easy condition m 