? One of the best BfcQEi&s; houso is that which is rciated.oLfelie.Bsyjd Palace at Woodstock iit the .yea* If&Sj; when t.he commissioners sentuffceoi Londsii by tUe Lorsfj; Parliament to take peseessiea oi it and efface all the emblems ol R&yali;^ siboutf it, were fairly driven out by thohi l'essr of the devil, and the annoyances they tillered from a ro^uit-h cavalier,who played 1 he iuij) to n'lniiiatiori, The commissioners, dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the loth of October, 1649, Thc-y look up their lodgings in tho late Kii-g'rt apartments, turned the beautiful cm! rooms wid withdrawing rooms into kdoiieu.s and sculleries; the council-hall inio a brew- house, and made the diningroom a p'aoe to keep (ircwood in. They unlit i! down all the insignia of Royal State, :n,ii treated with the tilmost indignity vi- i y t iiii;y ihat recalled to their memory • l.e i>ainu of the King. One Giles Sharp Kcoii).,;ioiod them in t.he capacity of clerk, '.ml seconded their elforbs apparently with ifie ;;ieat.i st zeal. He anted them to uproot a nouiti ok! tree, merely because it was .• lied li.u King's oak, and tossed the frag- ..i i t- jnio the •iinin-i'-ioom to make cheerfni liivj? for tlie coramifsiouers. During the sii-st two dtivf they heard some strange mjiscrt about the house, but they paid no gi tiit attention to tiiem. On the third, ur.YLAer, they began to suspect they had jjut in to bad company ; for they heard, aa h.y thought, a supernatural dog under h.-.r bed, winch gnawed their bedclothes. )u ih3 next (by the chairs and tables •n g«n to da nee, juiparenlly of their own ac- Or; tins iiitli day something came loo the bc-d- clnunber and walked up and town, and fetching the warming-pan out of i.o w.i h< r iW.'ng-room made so much noise .vah it- that, they thought five church bells <>.tn! ringing m their eurp. On the sixth day jda!(••> fiml di.-hes wtre thrown up and .own i he dining room. On the seventh !'.y ihey penetrated into the bedroom in 'Miiijany with several logs of wood, and i -Ki j.vd the suit pillows intended for the !•:) sitis^iowrs. On the eight arid ninth .•giii.-. iln-io a ce«;nfcion of hostilities, • io on iiiu tenth I he bricks in the chimneys 1 - -.''.111o low.motive, and rattled and danced ml tho iloois and round tho heads of the ::pii >iunt iall th :' night long. On the v« nth tbe fJc-mon ran away with ir o !•<-eo'hor, mi c I on the twelfth d their beds GO full of pewterii'iri th'.t they ould not get into io. On tiie tiiirteenth night the '<cf!mit> unaccountably seized with a o i_ and foil into shivers in all :.- in t.iie house. On the fourteenth i c Ssc ad if forty pieces of artillirod u oeen C'ff and a shower oi /tones. winch so alarmed the com it, '"struck with great horror, it: to one-, another for help.' : i I o I! t ried the efficacy of prayers \ the evil spirits, but, these ig, they began seriously tc ' \ it would nob be much ie place altogether to the unit mnaoifced it. They ultimately o.-'oivt. i!, however, to try it a little longer, oid iusvsjjg craved forgiveness of all their i»t.» ben.ck • hetnselves to bed. That night -i.i-y .^icfit in tolerable comfort, but it was mi-ivJv a {rick of their tormentor to lull i-i.err. into false security. When on the succeed in;g oigiit they heard no noises they b. g;on to Mutter themselves that the devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly tc tako up i heir quartets for the whole winter > ri the palace. These symptoms on their part became the, signal for renewed uproar ,noting the fiends. On the 1st of November (bey heard something walking with a slow nini solemn pace up and down the withliiawing-ioom, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their ears. On 'he '.-iid the steps were again heard in tbe withdiawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a huge warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the withdrau iug-room armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and sat up making fires in every room, and burning candies and lamps in great abundance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company ,-ui rounded with so much light. They were deceived, however, buckets of water cam9 down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles were blown out, they knew not how. Some of the servants, who tia&^ jbetaliBii- tBEmsSDres- td Bed, wer<3 dseafiBjai. wiik,;t}a£rM tlifeek^waber os they i«gr :i _a»ii.~a£8SQ~.iii„ fcight j ..m u tt e ri n g iacehe«eak sua^ W fexpesing to the teatti^ffii,^ ^s^lifee-eaianilseionere theit toStt^Jl^^^vWi^-fpseeajB^ufe}. and fefe&kiihiieltka; igd teifeil tke- Mowa they had Mili§ - iiffi§. teeg^ed Iroai aein*} in^ , totneiltat^i While. Were-Sfeiii • QfeaiUilg..6beise,A9taS. - ft-adse like the leudeea i tkliBskt 1 tho fiKittg; toi & -V?hale park o£ artilltet'y, yp&ti; which they all fell down Upon theiv knees and Itoplared the prokec^ tion olthe Altnightyi One ol the oommiaslonsrs then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked in a courageous voioa and in tbe name of God who waa there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner- No answer was returned, and the noises ceaeed for awhile. Ab length, however, as the commissioners said, " the devil came again, and brought with it seven devils worse than itself." Being again in darkness, they lighted a candle and placed it iq the doorway that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at once, but it waa suddenly blown out, and one commissioner said that he had *' seen the similtude of a horse's hoof striking the candle and candlestick into the middle of the chamber, and! afterwards making three escapes on tha snuff to put it out." Upon this the samej person was so bold as to draw his sword ? but he a»sserted positively that he had! hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard; before an invisible hand seized hold of ibj and tugged with him for it, and, prevail-i ing, struck him so violent a blow with thei pommel that be was quite tunned. Thent the noises began again, upon which, with one accord, they all retired into the presence chamber, where they passed the! night praying and singing psalms. They; were by this time convinced that it was; useless to struggle any longer with thei powers of evil, that seemed determined to[ make Woodstock th^ir own. These things 1 , happened on the Saturday night, and, being repeated on the Sunday, they determined to leave the place immediately and; return to London. By Tuesday morning early all their preparations were completed^, and, shaking the dust off their feet, and de-. vcting Woodstock and all its inhabitants to the infernal gods, they finally took their, departure. Many years elapsed before the true cause of these disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained at the Restoration that th^ whole was the work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of the commissioners. This man, whose real name was Joseph Collins, was a concealed Royalist, and had passed hio early life within the bowers of Wood, stock, so that he knew every hole and corner of the place, and the numerous trapdoors and secret passages that abounded in the building. The commissioners, never suspecting the true state of his opinions; but believing him to be revolutionary to the backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed to his own great amusement and that of the few cavaliers whom he let into the secret. 