ORfflfl THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. ,-T. GEORGE RATHBORXE. "AutttfT 01 ' Under Egyptian. Skies," i;=£ Pauline cf New York," Etc. raU'TEll XIV.—THE MAN TiVHO OWED THE ENGINE. The information which Smithers—poor deject Smithers—conveys in such a' leiancholy manner is certainly asmi"ng and U-'.rible enough to daunt the stostcs: heart. Jack flares at the other—be even r«- leats the mr-Is Smtthers has used. Five JniESi'.fc too late, and the special train, laden v. :;h Spanish soldiers, has gone to destruction. Before his eyes, as plain as day, ^jji mv t lie awful wreck, the dead and tie dying, and among them, oh, hormr?: tfcv lovely form of his Highland lussi-, the- girl he loves. Ko wonder Jack feels for one iHief jaoir.ent .\s though paralysed. The itaction comes. Insteadof.a dead-- ]y chill. he has a. burning sensation paiss over his whole frame, and experiences js earnest, furious desire to do somettine in order to save her from this ft-sr::;! fate. Skitters is endeavoring to collect bis Ssnilhers, who has, under almost every condition, shown such wonderful nc-rrc. seems broken up by this decree cl And while he thinka Jack acts. It is All Kin who leads the was*. The CJe=:i.il never gets rattled, no matter vrbst accumulation of disasters overtake them. Jack reels a tugging at his sleeve trl.vli he knows of old, and casting his •y-c? around he discovers the almondretainer there. As Sin says never a wnrd. Speech may be silver, but sileace if gulden; and this is no time to icou'^r in flights of rhetoric. JaA- se^s the arm" of the Chinese exceeded, and following the line of his tin?-:- ho discovers what it is to which 'Ah S.r, would attract "his attention. Thr railway company's telegraph office. 'At sifffct of it Jack's hopes revive. True, Tie his pv, 0rn not to betray -the plot of tfc;- r-b,:-V hut the last resort is gone and her life is in peril, lie will fed csnp.llec to do so. Better a broken vow 'fcar. that she suffer. So he l^aps towards the office. Perhaps nearly, if not' quite, sixty >,eccnds have flown since he first received th-,- dire news—sixty precious seconds, dcrir.fr which the doomed train has been r.lioo:ing on towards the destruction that lie? in wait. His ixjsitive intention is to have the ttlegraph agent wire the conductor- In •~ha ri,-e of the train, warning him of the awful danger ahead, and having him use -"fctra precautions when approaching the ijr.cge where the dynamite is supposed to lie. Smithers sees him dash into the office acd stifles a groan. Perhaps this is for the rebels, whose plan for striking a blow ft their hated foes will fall through. 'At any rate, he does" not make th« least attempt to hold Jack in . check, but awaits results. Perhaps Travers is gone another minute or BO. Already the telegraph key may be clicking- oKcthe fmwgjaggjjiat .will hold of know ^ their design, tfet have, prepared tD annihilate them. _ . 2 . - • ?•"'• .;. £>mith'ets'doubtless sees^this in. imagination, but -when he looks'-agam he'disr-overs Jack in reality dashing'out of the' tciegraph office. His manner is not that of a confident nar, who. by a bold stroke, has accomplished what he set out to do. On th-* contrary, Jack appears excites —his face is almost as pale as one who Jias s.-.-a s. ghost and he glances sharply ire- vipht to left as he rues towards th. :r.. : r the manner of a man who s?ek= remedy for some dreadful mr.lady. As li • draws near where Smithers rlasds, he can be heard exclaiming aloud, js though to save even the precious seconds of time: "Wires down—Maceo raided the out- Murt.=; of Havana—Impossible to reach iven th» first station—no way of reach- \- 1r.fr the train—now been gone seven and a half minutes, and already four miles ^ey can hear the rumble of the train among the hills—it comes, .very plainly during a cessation of noise about tfce station, though gradually" growing fair.ter and more distant. lack looks at Smithers. who returns hl!J distracted gaze with one of chagrin, for the agent feels humiliated by- the biu-Jt-:- mat has occurred, though the change in time may have only beerrdecifiea on Just before the special started, m order to confuse those who might have any 4vii designs against the train. "Can you suggest anything?" cries 'Jack, endeavoring to cudgel his .brains to greater rapidity of action. 'We have r.o wings to fly after them,' sal's the other, mournfully, i "The tnore's the pity; -Heaven help am poor girl." 1 "Arm horses, if we had them, woidd be • i of no mortal use against even sucha train as this one. 1 . T j' at is tru,? > but is there no other i Think as you neverilld before. '"t '.^i overtake the special, since teiegtjiphicg is out'of the question?"' • : Smithers is looking down the trat3a>, gleam in the l^hiis VowbO.' '•to we had an engine we might do it." ^aelysaaichefi at. the idea llke.aarowiinian might rfut<5i at a stcawz: v Then, we will have as engine lit tatcs a thousand—five tiionsand dotlais -til I have in the world. '- Foliow' meJ" ejaculates.. . - .. The thought which Smitheis has ii&jifi; Singly adx- anced l>eooinM •aB-iug^E*? tjoE. He seems to grasp it with tttefand while spes0(dng*teiB&rt-; « on a run down the station jdatforni: ^mitbrag partakes in.a measure dtThlBj new enthusiasm, for he ias an exalte -oncepUor, of JackVaMUOes. aSd Mves tht other equal to-any emergency. uch n^^n ride rough- shod over aifficul- <tes that would paralyse most people. '"f" e5n "- in at the finish niaayZengths •tf&d.; -• . 7? Jaclt has not started off at random-^-" ? General:, knows what he means:ti)' a<»ocspUsb before setting out to Some m- .lug c ject has' caugto- Jiis ve Just dt-ff* the trat^—something that crisis of his existence J-Muablo than the best paying lnine ^ ^ Cripple Creek ^.ou^ine lust emerging from a died; iapwii «• turn-table." Smoke is ponringftnmtjie old-styled stack, black snioliC tiiniing, resmous pinewood. than few species of fuel Trill geherafie steam ffinr-fju'ckly This old- foshionM iff-^f- douSUess discarded yean; ago in Nortfcc-n;"States where those hunilng; "f,. tavo taken its Plaoe. Is not' fia: of beauty ana a 'sasi it v, -jid not appear as such.in^he' of the ordinary t^jfida; r bat"i5 JackTrarerethe ^^ ^ultejttffieeoSal terrible :w -belm that has been Suddenly, \- means thicaise of^ife and death niay yet he decided in favor of continued existence. Under these conditions, therefore it can he readilyunderstood with what tremendous satisfaction Jack starts in the direction of this locomotive. -As he advances with such a burst of spped he takes note of several things. Everyone connected with - "the engine seems to. be in the utmost haste, ana this is the mere wonderful when the fact is taken teto consideration that in such hot countries as Cuba they do not, as a rgenetal thing, -Use any too much speed in icything undertaken. He sees the stoker tossing pine - knots Into the yawning njouth of "the fire-bos, tne engine-driver leans part - -jvay •out of the cab -window, his face streaked with grime, hut locking anxious in the light of the fire. Thus bearing down upon the scene Travers is not long in reachiDg the place where several stout men stand ready to turn the engine around on the revolving table. ~ - To whom shall he appeal? He has absolutely decided that question. Two men stand beside the irucks, one of there having an official air, and holding a Q&pcr; .in his hand that may be an osder. His companion seems to be an ordinary citteen—a Spaniard, judging from hi olive, skin and black "hair. -Jack Instantly surmises that the official 1s the party, who can attend to his wants, aei liE_mea^is jtp obtain possession of that engine it .money can buy it—indeed, isucli- Is liis desperate frame "of mind that, should his request, even when backed by the value of the old motor itself, be re- fused. he may be inclined to jump on the engine himself, and at the point of the revolver force the driver to obey his commands. "Senor. are you in charge here? I have missed the special by a hair's breadth. It is very, important that X should overtake it. I would have sent a message but the wires are down." The official shoots a quick but expressive glance towards his companion, who Uiuveii a little closer, cocking his ears as though he takes an unusual interest what Jack says. "Si, senor, the wires are down — that Hsc-o is always on the move, and he keeps the wines cut so that we in Havana may not .know what he -is doing. Is o one can scua a message along the line, is very sad," is the -consoling remark made by the official. "But, senor, you. did -not answer my question—are you in charge here?" "For the night—yes,"' is the reply; his manner plainly asks, ""What is that to' you?" "I wish to hire a special." , "A what?" ejaculates the' other. "A special—an engine to overtake the train that left here some nine minutes ago." The official throws up both arms. •"Madre de Dios!—another:" he gurgles. Jack does not understand — he only recognises the fact that precious time is being wasted, aild in a case like this time dees not mean money, but human lives. Hence he shows impatience—it is natural. . "Senor, it is a case of life and death," he breaks out with, huskily, for the men are swinging the iron monster around, and Jack is inwardly swearing he will control the destiny of that engine, come what may. "Alas! I am sorry!" with a shrug. "If money stands in the way, I am prepared to pay you any price." "That is not It "Then you have no authority?" "Alas! I have no engine." * "This one will do, .I cun sjire." "That ls the ohly-j)ne in ceaditioii at 'A thotieana t!iariks.'t> r . ^Bu't— "Sou ht&itaLe; when many lives are inperiL" . "It is no longer under my control.' "Senor. explain." "This gentleman is General Toledo. He has also missed the train.but bears authoritv to overtake it if the means can be had I have ordered out this engine. It belcrgs to him since -the Government commands. Senor, you must deal with General Toledo." Jack whirls upon the soldier in civilian attire. He has not noticed him particularly before, but now he discovers a man of mote than usual determination, whose brilliant .eyes are fastened upon him as though he would read him. through. At the same time Jack believes the other to be a man who can be worked. Money talks in cases of this kind, especially with some men. "General; as.I said before, it is a case of life and death with us to overtake the special. If you have the power to allow such.a thing,.I beg that we may find a lodgment somewhere on your engine. If a thousand dollars would be of any servicotoyou—-" The other shakes his head. "We can talk of that later, senor," he smiles. "You consent?"—In sudden rapture. "Carramba! there is no one who can prevent'me. I own t£ls engine for the hour. And you say it is a case of life and death, senor. I sympathise with you—I offer you a chance to overtake the special, which left fifteenminutes ahead of time/" His manner tells Jack plainly thai he has been entirely . Influenced by the.prosp{-cts :of a heavy peeunlary reward, and not because he has a big heart. . Never mind; it is the end. mot the means that he Sms 5n view. ?"Theh you will allow us to. accompany you; -'A thousand thanks, senor.; If you; only knew the.facts, you would never regret your ; decision. Smithers, .do yon bear; that? We-may. yet win this game, thanks to the'gallant ^General Toledo. All is not -lost by a big majorlty; and Ah Sin. he is there, too. You see, luck has tired of baffling iis> and turns abotft." " Jack feels as though a loi&'of thou-, r^and pounds had been•; lasted, from his J heart. Theire is* a. fair field'&id; no iavor now. Itisallheaaksatanytime. „ 7- : engine ^liais "been ficed down the , ^^"-inaajmimijaa^^.ito the 6wltd> that wai nut it upon -the main sine. V : - - - ' " " " . 'is ready," Bings-Oii 3 xriiA.o the enginfequiddy fioUowed byJati aba Smithers, while Ah Sin clutches hold even as the eEgine bursts forward. • CHJUPTEK XV.—A MAD CHASE ON jt •.isHtasB.*•' Wtrai they-have .gained *he footplate j of-the " " locomotive upon, whicit irigP^f^i-li . ,. Itoledo has ^t'ja^^mS^^i ' ' ] J S r t i f l - * - . ~ * '*Th£y are jitsrtiftojn minuh>s ah«ja, w . . mifiSlrlv w^n >S fl CialIy 13 ,thi3 true In of war. ® a dangers abound ahead, a pace exceeding fifteen miles an hour might be ae®W suicidal in some sections The general has overheard this exchange of remarks, and smiles. ."Have no fears, senors; we will overtake them easily. They stop at a station every Ave miles." We go on, and you snail yourselves see at what a beautiful speed. It is certain—you have mv word for it—provided, of course, we do not run off the track, or the boiler explode" he says earnestly. "And if that takes place " =avs Smithers. "Ah, we shali take no longer an interest in whether Cuba shall remain with Sp-i-n or te free. In this man's hands we place our lives"—pointing to -the engineer . Jack sees Hie point, and manages to adroitly slip a little wad of greenbacks, which pass cvrrent in Havana, into the driver's hato, receiving in return a look and a uod that cover the ground fullv. That engineer will exhaust every known device to send his iron horse whirling over the rails after the train ahead ir. order to gmtifv- so liberal a patron. Jack glances over the pile of wood ic the tender. Havana is in full view, ana as the evening settles down over the Cu- -ban capital many lights are springing into sight, making the picture, with the harbor beyond, and grim Morrc Castie guarding its entrance, one'that could "have .but few rivals.^ , •". P They have rattled over a trestle or 'fciidgie,' and now plunge among' the hills • back of the city. The lasi light vanishes from view; for the present at least, good-bye to Havana Around them the country is growing wader. At first, occasional houses may be seen, with gardens; then come what appear tt be plantations, wiU» mills fcr pressing the sugar-cane. Jbck notes these in the fast-fading light, and presently discovers the first signs of devastation where a canefidd a&] all its attendant buildings have been ruined by fire. Bold Maceo has been here, even within sight of the capital, teeming with Spanish volunteers, and struck a blow for Cuba libre. There are few -places he dared not go, this firebrand of the rebellion. And now darkness. How suddenly .seems to drop upon them, as though they plunge deeper and deeper into a canyon, when in reality such is not .the ease Already the driver lias succeeded in ng his engine over the rails at a rate speed that must have shocked the offi- :ers of the road.could they but see it. He is a Spaniard, but a man of nerve, like most of his class, no matter where found. The old machine Is doubtless amazed at its own ability to make time and break the record on the road ; for as the miles are thrown astern the sparks soar out of the funnel in a perfect avalanche, and the puffing is as vociferous as an asthmatic engine can emit. To those unaccustomed to riding on a locomotive, the motion is simply terrible. Even on the finestof railway lines there is a horrible swaying and swinging, such as those who ride as passengers in the cars know nothing about If this is the case, imagine what it must be upon a rough road such as prevails in Cuba, and with an old rattletrap of a condemned engine doing the journey. Jack has early found a good hold; and hangs on grimly; ditto Smithers. The general occupies a seat beside the stoker, who is kept busy half the time .tossing, pine-knots Into the hungry maw of the fire box. As for Ah Sin", that worthy, ' after fceing hustled several ^meg -from -5onfe ; ¥ide to ihe other, feels a. sensation akin to tiie dreadful mal-demer of his last - voyage, and dropping flat, cowers amidst the wood.;,nor does he care very much whether the pile topple over upon him or the firemanmake an effort to utilise him as a convenient stick of timber, such is the desperate condition this nausea brings about. And the speed Increases as the steam crawls up in the glass indicator. Jack eyes the driver closely, but realises that while the fellow may be a daring man, he cannot be called a reckless one. and will take no unnecessary risks. All is well so far. When they spin around a sharp curve it is all Jack can do to hold on. He even imagines the massive machine is about to topple over, and holds his very breath in awe. Smithers utters an expressive exclamation, and from Ah Sin comes a shriek. But they keep the track, and go flying on with the speed of the hurricane. Familiarity doubtless breeds contempt, but the bravest man in the world Is bound to experience a sensation akin to terror when taking "his first ride upon a " wild-cat engine.'" As they dash along, Jack, who chances to be on that side nearest the Spanish officer, opens a conversation with him. It is • positively necessary that I shout aloud, such is the racket and confusion that accompany the flight of the Alhainbra, as the" veteran engine -galled ;. but Jade thinks nothing of this when, seeking information: .".What place was that ?" he asks,.as they flash past a small building that has •the appearance of a station. General Toledo tells the .name, and at the same time vouchsafes the Intelligence that it is about five miles, out oi the city. Then about one quarter of the . distance has been passed over. How much have they gained upon the other train? The soldier seems quite jolly, ai though lie feels" positive they.will overtake the train aliead. . Perhaps a shade of anxjety might creep over the nature of his -dream idid he -hut Jmow ail jthat ;-these'three travellers do. Jade, however, does cot feel inclined to; enlighten .him, for sirice it seems thal they may overtake the train in good time, he tneans to keep his word to Smithers as-far as It 3s possible. He is .already-.figuring -in his mlcd , •what hSs cours^ may later on, should theyeucceedin-thpjrchase. " 5V5iat will General Toledo do? • <2an it tie -possible he has had wind of the truth concerning the dynamite plot; and that Ids design ls to prevent the -threatened-catastrophe? . That is not without the bounds of reason;., and yet Jack-hardly, believes it to be the true nature of his mission. • More j ilian 'iikely he bearB Becret but iiportisiiit ; orters:»o.ihe..«fficer ta jeominand of-the., soldiers , regarding Eome move; he -Is cxpectedi- to make 'against the insurgents. ; Mter iall, what-does It^inatier so lonk 4sI ftlifcSr; iMi^' saved. o" ^ ! •i- Soifeerjawtl^ues to plan ibhead,fibdiejrr Ingthkiln-thteW^time tnay/besaved., speed is increased and they fly around Of^aster^^y^enakenthem. 