LATEST POLITICAL THE BARTON-SMITH CON TEST. OPINIONS AMONGST MEMBERS. Mr. Sydney Smith's candidature is exciting lively comment in political -circles. On the Op position side of the House it is of course strongly condemned, and he is said 'not to nave the ghost Ot a Show.' Miniat-oT^oifstt: Tnrmrffrov Iririk with approbation on the move, and are rather confi dent of victory. They are already beginning to talk of Mr. Barton as being 'politically defunct,' and consider that he will even have to retire from the' position of 'leader outside the House.' There is no doubt that if Government influence can se cure the seat for Mr. Smith fit will be freely exer cised. Rumors are already afloat of the lengths Mr. Young is prepared to go in this direction. - It ? 'is also stated that steps are being taken to flood the electorate with metropolitan newspaper literature favorable to the Government and Mr. Smith. While the wires are being energetically pulled in favor of Mr. Smith, splendid reports are being received of Mr. Barton's prospects, especially from the Kempsey district, the' vote of which usually rules the result of the poll. Tbe only danger is that the forces now worKlns against the federal leader may be held too cheaply/ 'The good Mr. Sydney Smith has done for the agriculturists,' etc., is put forward as a likely factory in securing votes for that- gentleman amongst the farmers of the Hastings and Mac leay. But several members of Parliament state that if the electors of that constituency were only to see the stud cattle Mr. Smith imported from England, they would hav.e their doubts on that point. - Two of the heifers are alleged to be some 12 years old, the rings round their horns having been carefully filed away. It is also said that one. of the cows would doubtless be a very good milker had she the ' requisite number of teats. As it is she only Tins two. Several other cows are stated to show every appearance of having at tained a ripe old age1. Altogether the importa tions are a source of great amusement to mem bers who have seen them. 'Made in Germany' is . said to be written all over them. Mr.' Cook's administration of the depart ment is also ? coming in for criticism. Members are wondering why, seeing that hundreds of young men born in the colony are unable to gain admittance to the experimental farms and colleges, Mr. Cook should now pro pose to make room for a dozen or so of young men from England yearly. They say that the electors of the Hastings and Macleay should en deavor to elicit information on this point from the. Government representatives now canvassing their district for votes. Next to what is called ''the meanness' of the Government in opposing Mr. Barton, Mr. Young's action in going to the electorate with Mr. Sydney Smith and bis intention to remain . there until polling day comes in for most criticism from mem bers. So .strong is their -feeling on this point that there is some talk of calling the Minister for Works to account for his action in the mat ter when he returns. Speaking to an 'Evening News' representative to-day, Mr. Lyne charac terised the proceedings of Mr. Toung as iniquit ous. He thought it unprecedented for a Min ister of the Crown to neglect his parliamentary and departmental duties to engage in an election eering campaign, especially on behalf of an ex Minister who had already sustained one crushing defeat He is surprised that the Premier can countenance such a course. Mr. Lyne also thinks that the Premier's excuse for opposing Mr. Bar tpn, namely, because he instigated the motion of censure, is worse than no excuse at all. In any case, Mr. Lyne says that Mr. Barton was not the instigator of that motion. He was only consulted in the matter. There is no doubt that the contest for the Hast ings and Macleay seat will influence the debate in the House, making it livelier, longer, and, per haps, more acrimonious than would otherwise have been the case. The result of the poll will also have an effect on the division lists, as it is now anticipated that the election will precede the division. In reckoning on a majority of twelve or fifteen, it is stated that the Govern ment must be including a number of chickens which -will never hatch. It is believed they have obtained promises of support from both Mr. M'Laughlin and Mr. Meagher, and it is stated that they also confidently rely on Mr. ?Terry, that gen tleman being invited to most Government func tions, particularly to pleasant little picnics down the harbor. No other desertions, are anticipated from the Opposition, and there are counterbal ancing rumors of defection amongst the Minister ialistB: ? ' 