A RESTLESS GHOST. ltl, Kill AND MACQl/ARIIO. A DISTORTED CHAPTER OK OUR HISTORY. (HY A SI'KClAf, COiiltKSPONDKN'T.) Tho ghost of Wllllajn Bllgh does noL rest well,, nor over will till the memory of the, man is lifted out of the mire of .misrepresentation anil enshrined according to Its undeniable merits. A granddaghter of tho wronged hero Is the latest to make an appeal for recognition and Justice long denied. But to those who have looked Into the beginnings of Austra lian history and 'the records of those directly connected .tbutewilh, In serious and im partial style, that is ubt. necessary, Bligi-.T certificate of Lravcry, bears the seal1 of NtMcn, which no man ofdccent British lirecC'ng Is likely to dispute, and fi:|l tesi'moiiy to his large humanity Is found In tlie evidence of his .com- pauions on the historic boat voyage, and In the prayers and petitions of the free settler's -of this colony he sought tq succour mid to save. Ho never turn-oil lus ug'ck to any odds; Lq never lost heart under any strain of misfortune. He was absolutely true to hlf.llag ami Kit g, and deter mined tc do the duty which appeared to him,, und of all circumstances.';. And! yet. J)e -lies under a- general. y accepted condemnation for tyra: ny and cowardice. Sonic tew pcoplc'ln tlie weild, who nave dug for and washed out the truth with their own hand3, know tho man, and esteem him at li s Wurtli. but the uu.i'tnde regard him now us they have done through three generations, with mingled, horror and contempt. And the causos of all this are that tbe ringleader In the mutiny of tbo Bounty chanced to belong to de cent people,' uuil to boar the name of Christian, and that lit New South Wales a dominant party desired to make a devilish profit out of tlie bodies aud suuls of men through truck In ths necessaries of life and; iu rum. It is not Intended here to thresh over again the- whole harvest of evidence— though any challenge implied may be taken as a gauntlet by whoever may chooso to lift It— but to endeavor to render a period of our national life, whose facts aro accessible oven in the histories we have, r. little more compre hensible and- Instructive. Bligh governed, or sought to govern,- Now South Wales, as tho" accepted tradition runs, aud failed miserably.". Macqearle followed Bligh, and succeeded marvel/'" lously. Hence naturally urlso two questions.' Flr.it, why, as tradition runs (that qualification Is always to ho remembered), did Bligh fall .and Macqudrle succeed;, and, second, what would have been the. result of success of the policy at tempted by Bllgh, as' compared with that ac tually. pursued by Macquarie? . , ; ; The firat of Ihese questions may be very briefly answered, and. tho tnore' concisely the answer is put the better for the understanding of all those who may dbairo.to obtain an honest grip of ooine of the foundational facts of our history. The one man failed fecauso. surrounded. by. ;l traitorous guard, who, while sworn to the support of con stitutional authority, sought, before all duty, and at times against all honor, the monetary advan tages of themselves and their truckling friends. The other achieved, because lie was served by his own. properly disciplined regiment, and be cause lie yielded tile one essential point for' which his predecessor contended. The ono left us a won derful might have been, the other a chapter of accomplishments which has only to be properly understood to bo honestly deplored. Stripped of all the rauk growth of fables which have been cultivated about it, and lifted out of the calumny in which It has been wlHuIly burled, the story of the cause of the deposing or BligU is briefly this: From tho date of the establishment of tlie old New South Wales corps or convict guard In tho colony, the best projects of Governors had been successfully baulked by the efforts of tlm officers of this corps and their special friends, to use all tlio resources and endowments of the colony for tlielr own enrichment. They desired through truck lu rum and stores to obtain all the valu able results of all the labors of free and emanci pated settlers. They desired — and we should say, won— a monopoly both of purchase and supply, and they resented; bitterly any restrictions. Be cause Hunter and King had sought, as was their duty, to restrict and control, they had been harassed almost beyond endurance, and thwarted effectively in all their best efforts; and because it was felt in England that a man of resolution and capacity was needed, Bllgli was selected for . the Government.- But the fatal mistake was- lii his coming down to the3e pretorians unsupported by any other legions. He came to the hurgatioii of a gaol In which the gaolers themselves were corrupt, and ho had no others with whom lie could either control or replace tbem. Ono brief tour of inspection throughout the .little colony satisfied this man of courage and re source as to the means which must be adopted It those wise and philanthropic and patriotic ideas ho had conceived In company with hia friend and mentor, 'Banks, were in any prac tical way to be put into operation. Tho rum trade must bo restricted, and the rapacious middleman deprived of Ills .main op portunities. .But tho middlemen were the patrons or partners of the officers of the guard, and rum truck was their chief means of enrichment. Hence the restrictions proposed were a direct blow at the dearest Interests of those by whose assistance alone the Governor could maintain Ills authority. Thero Is no disputing tho position. The carrying out of Bllgh's policy meant to the officers of tlio corps and their 'rlends tho sacrifice of the main objpeta for which they had enlisted and emi grated. Rather than make that sacrifice tliey rebelled, and to what effect tho histories we so far have do not very clearly allow. Tho alleged causes and tho attempted justifica tion of the revolt aro from every noble and pa triotic standpoint contemptible. Thero was one solo reason underlying and overshadowing all those which liavo been usually . set up. It was that for which the officers of tiiat noble corps enlisted: It was that for -which they served, arid it was that for which they rebelled. It was gieed of money— gain by any means. And what wore Bllgh's desires and Intents? We can get a very fair Idea of them from his correspondence with Banks, both before his appointment and throughout his brief and troublous government; and these are fully; endorsed by the testimonials and petitions of those whose lives were the salt of the life or the land In these early; days, and might and! should have beon tho genhs of such progress as was denied to us through' somo sub sequent decades. Bllgh's desire was to 'further, all reform that might bo. possible, to establish a ccleny chiefly of thrifty workers, wherein men of virtuous lives and honest ambitions might seek to settle with their families. It is not necessary to add anything on to that. We have but to think of what tho colony must straightway liavo become hud that desire been realised) to dlBcover. regret and somo natural contempt and' disgust for thoso by whom it was baulked. The) harvest of their deeds, though never reaped by! themselves, was garuorcd with bitter tears and through desporuto struggles by tho noblest minds of. tho land through mauy after years. The suc cess of Bllgh would have been the Immediate redemption of Australia. The continent would have been forthwith dedicated to free men, and men determined ou thrifty habit uud virtuous life. That battle cry of freedom which filled the sails of the departing Hashemy would buvo been raised 30 yours earlier; and the scars and the stains of tho twenties, tho thirties, and the for ties, not oven yet wholly worn away, would never have been indicted. Macquui'lo followed Bligb, and what were his intents, ambitions, arid desires? 'Keep' It well In mind that Bllgh Idea, the free und thrifty settlement, and tlio colony- wherein worthy people should seek to establish homes, and then contrast It with the Maequarle ideu, never by. Its author concealed, anil all too well carried out. "New South Wales Is a1 place fur the reformation of convicts. Free people wanting free Institutions liavo no right to come to it." "There are hut two classes lu this community — those who have been convicted and those who ought lo be." These phrases have been attributed to Macquarie himself ou cxcelleut authority, and although It Is hurdly probtiblo that tbey wero the actual coinage of his brain. It Isi certain that they express his lending opinions with tolerable -accuracy. Aus tralia. was to this vigorous MlSlilandmuu uu ap panage of tho Crown of Britain, dedicated perma nently to the punishment and reformation of con victs. The melius by which convicts should ho punished wero hard labor ou public works, with extra puultlve discipline, according to tlie custom of tbe times; and reform wus to bo worked out through material prosperity secured by any means. Thore seems to have boon no glimmering idea lu Ibe mind of tbe man of a. time when an Australian birthright should bo regarded with pride. He would remove all local disabilities from those against whom the record stood of ccnvlol once; lie would accept wealth, however won, us a passport to every locul privilege and position. He would found a great eolouy, into which Britain could pour perpnually all her scum nnd dross, and lie would so ordaki matters that all tils successors might handle that un- pri in.'sitig material locally to the hest advantage. There his viaion and liln project ended. Not unworthy nor ignoble in themselves were these Ideas and schemes, but fatoftilly germinal of disaster to all (lint was most promi sing In Australia. The hope of an im mediately dominant free settlement died with the removal of Bligh. For although the New South Wales Corps followed him, hoist on tbojr cwn petard, the Governor who came lo re store order and maintain uiithorlty was by no means scrupulous as to tlie means which might offer. He used the rum trade to the limits of pos- sll-ility, and liis notorious hospital contract, with many another large and liberal transaction, would send a shudder down the spine of any temperance reformer of to-day. Ho cared Utile what ultl- nialc-ly became of the land, so long as the prospect of acquiring it in fee slmplo made convict go vernment ensy and convict labor effective for his great work. He was Napoleonic 111 somo of bis Ideas, as the old obelisk In Macquarie-place still testifies.1' South and west and. '-north from the city he would make, settlement should go forth, but always In It the preponderating elements of the same class. And while he reigned it all went tolerably well. But what eamc after? What found Dr. Lang in the land when he came both to purge and to establish? Where grew the hor rors which in too many minds of a morbid ea3t constitute tbe history of our early days? They wore chiefly harvest of the seed Macquarie sowed and left to germinate und fructify under the su pervision of others. Happily o.nd marvellously we have outlived and outgrowu the worst and most pernicious of those influences. And yet about the hush too many of them linger still. Huts and rations in place of homes and food; tlio contempt and contumely with which the travel ling 'bush worker is generally treated; the "dead finishes," the "burning logs," aud all the name less shanties, are lingering relics of the develop ment of the Macquarie idea. Tlie first military dictator was brave, resolute, laborious, uud, aloug a narrow groove, favseolng; but while Bllgh, ' as Instructed by Banks, had at least a Plsgah view bf tbe expansion of England and the creation of Greater Britain, Macquarie recognised and grap pled with one work only, anil not in the light of any high inspiration nor with the stimulus of any lofty alms. The appointment of Macquarie, It may fairly be said, crowned the calamity of the successful rebellion against Bligh; and though this, to most, will be a hard saylug, and to many foolish-seeming, it is undoubtedly and demon strably true. . Many there are to whom John Macarthur Is a star for ever bright in the firmament of things accomplished In Australia, who will never, per haps', he- persuaded to' join cordially In that act of recognition which Australia owes to Bllgh, and their inability In this way is always to he de plored, for, whllo claiming the meed Avhich Is due . to the man who endeavored here and failed, it is by no means necessary to. detract from the merit of his great opponent, who endured and achieved, it was not In the great work of his life, not In the achievement whereon his fame rest3, that Bllgh /withstood Macarthur, but in cer tain other business which could not be character ised as noble and patriotic, and in which, but for the period ot suppression he resolutely endured, his great and frulLful life might have been sunk. Those few whose studies have enabled them tc estimate Bllgh at his worth will also be most eager to deplore the neglect with which the great memory ot Macarthur has so far been treated. He, our first pastorallst, should have his statue set tor ever In the forefront of our cltv. and somewhere adjacent should be Robert Campbell, first merchant of the continent. It Is a matter ot- duty and of patriotic interest to knit memories such as theirs to our lives by every possible tie, and Bligh might very well stand beside them now, the three, perhaps, fairly representative of all that was worthy to bo called great iu the Aus tralia of their time. 