THE RENMARK SETTLEMENT. To the Editor. Sir— Will you allow me space for a few' notes on the debate in the House of Assembly re Renmark concessions, &c; The Trea-<*> surer says "that s soon as the state- ments in the Red-book were brought ' under the notice of the Government they 1 repudiated all responsibility." Ho there pre-admits that there was much implied responsibility, or why attempt to repudiate it. 1 Thu admission clears the ground, sinco it only 1 remains to chow that such responsibility was not at the time repudiated ma reasonably ■ efficient manner to prove the present, indebted ness of the Government to this settlement. Repudiation after the event, and mereex pane statements of " no liability " when the mischief 1 is done, may be set down at their true value. ' One member asks why intending settlers did not apply to the Agent-General for certain information. Several settlers here did so. and were advised that the Chaffey Brothers' scheme as advertised was quita Lona fide, and that they could not do better than go to Renmark. Surely the Government of that day must have been singularly unfortunate (or too late) in the methods they adopted to disabuse the public ' mind. No settler seems to have beard a hint of it until things took an unfortunate 1 turn, and the mischief was then dune. 9 Even the Agent-General, it is charitable to suppose, had heard nothing. It is idle to plead | want of knowledge of the contents of the Red book. The Government paid for it by allow -1 ing the cost to rank as an improvement quali ( tying for a grant of land. l)id they buy a "pig in a poke," or were they, as the Trea surer admits, aware of the contents, and if so, why not have made their disclaimer public? Why leave their Agent-General in " blissful ignorance? Why not warn settlers before they invested J Why not at the time 9 have proceeded against Chaffey Brothers for 1 improperly using the credit of the colony ? In shor^ why not nave done the right thing at r the right time instead of simply allowing things to drift with only a mental reservation I on their part. .It is too late now to shift the onus. Why should we take out tho Goveru -9 ment chesnuts or pay for their bad bar gain with the Chaffey Brothers? Have we not already paid encngh for our own? 3 The Treasurer refers to free water agitation. j perhaps it is news to him to learn that the idea r was always scouted as absurd, and was never entertained at Renmark. His remarks may * possibly *pply to Mildura, but what has that to do with us - I pans over tbs unmanl.v inter jection of one member, who evidently thinks the father oi lies resides on the banks of the Murray; such remarks are . neither statesmanlike nor fair comment, t As was shown in the llouse, lfanmark \- contributes a prose revenue of over £J,tKK> per " annum, and apart from any liability, moral \ or otherwise, the asset is worth taking up by v the Government from a purely uusmoss i. | standpoint. What is tba meaning of tho I 1 frantic efforts made to disclaim liability *' on the part of the Government. Those * who are in the know are well J aware that tho settlers' claim is not the \- bogey that our Ministers see before them. I,' But "it is hard that we should be made to X suffer in order to lay ghosts that thu Govern- U ment in tame past raised up. If tiiey would but face the question squarely they would find the apparition melt into very thin air indued ; but if they must procrastinate, let them at least remit the interest on the loan until the date, not necessarily very far distant, when they will have a free hand to veal with the Renmark concessions. Such a course woald be better evidence of a Iwna-fide inten tion to do the right thin? than penalising settlers whilst they are seeking a way out of their dilemma, a dilemma whicu could not an.i would not have occurred but for the neglect and supine indifference of the Government .-j constantly exhibited towards this suttlcracj*. —lam, Jfcc, HARRY SHOWELL. Chairman Renmark Irrigation Trust. 