THE STOBYTELLEB The Interloper. By Aethub Nagle. CHAPTER I. ' Whence no traveller returns.' Mm. Alec walked tip and down the length of the drawing-room in an agony of indecision. Now she would stop and pick up a photograph, and seem to look at it without seeing — her eyes be ing bare of any sign of recognition, gazing at her familiar surroundings with the vacant stare of one whose vision is turned inwards with the in sight and consciousness of a somnambulist. Clad in a pink gowr of pink en pun, the train of which swept perilously between the small tatnes covered with hric-a-brac that stood dotted about the centres of little groups of sileDt chairs, her tall, upright figure did not look such as one would associate habitually with her present state of mind. Ouly under the stress of great perplexity could features such as hers betray the anxiety that lay most obviously behind her eyes just now. It was a cheerless autumn day. with all the cheerlessness that Loudou is capable of. The thin shiny arms of the half-nakad trees in Grosv nor square shivered like ragged beggars in the clam my fog, aud depressed her as she gazed across the road. She had none of last night's exaltation to carry her through to-day with last night's deci sion. Last night she had only seen the goal — tic- day the fog seemed to have half-hidden it from her eyes, and the occasional glimpses she obtaini d showed it farther and farther away. Last night everything seemed siue--now all was bazy, inse cure, and at best difficult of attainment. The scandal, the criticism of her own immediate friends, theopinion of the w.rld, and worst of all, ber own old beliefs and conventions stood up befure lu r like a high wall. At last, however, with the decision of despair, she sat down at an escritoire, and wrote the letter she had so l mg delayed. She might still go hack — she need not post it yet, she sa d to herself. But the spoken word, and uow her written word, even the thought had a com pelling force of their own. Aud as she wrote she signed away her soul. A knock came at the door as she sat writing. She looked up with a sudden rush of blood to her face, her bead throbbing like a guilty thing : she shut the letter hurriedly in the blotting book aud pushed it into a leeess ' Lord Gauut.' ' How d'you do r ' ' How d'you do r' They scarcely looked at each other. but they shook hands cerem niously and said nothing more till the footmau was gone. Thou she turned a shameful face to him aud their eyes met. The}' looked, questioning them selves aud each other for an aching half-minute, while the clock and their breathing made the ouly sounds in the great room, and gaze upon the two silent people. The very time seemed to be in 1 ibour. He kissed her. Both thought the other's lips were cold ; they still siood holding hands till the tension seemed too great, and she bid her face up on his breast. He stroked her head soothirglv, wondering what he should say. Putting his arm round her, he led her to a chair, and they both sat down and gazed into the fire. A cinder fell into the grate, and a flame broke through the coals in emphasis of the need of words. The clock ticked louder, and th'y analy-ed the irregularity of its ticking. i The silence became unbearable, and he plunged at last into the middle of things with a jerk. ' Have you written to tell him r ' ' Tes ; here is the letter,' aud she handed it across the hearthrug. 'Dear Alec,' she had begun from force of habit, ' If ever you coine back again,' it went on and launched into an angry woman's diatribes, ending, ' for the last time, ' Your Wife.' Gaunt, read it slowly, and then, after folding it up carefully, put it into his pocket. ' And we go to-morrow ? ' ' Yes.' There seemed no more to pay, and Lord Gaunt sat twirling his hat slowly between bis hands. A guiltier silence fell upon the room in the gathe ring darkness, which was ouly bn ken when the footman came in stealthily on the deep carpets with the lights. He let down the blinds and dtew the curtains. They . watched the lights flicker on his buttons as he went out, leaving a deep silence behind him. The knocker thundered on the door, and they could hear it even in the muffled room. L'td Gaunt was a nervous man, and at this time some wl at over.-frung. His baud tightened on his hat. Mrs. Alec dropped ber fan. Presently the footman re-entered with a tele gram. ' Is there any answer, ma'am r ' The tip of the orange envelope cut into the room us the woman tore it sharply aud took out Ihe.v f. und L rd Gaunt stone dead. staring straight in front uf liiin-his cus b .nid, and liis lips drawn tidbit across hi, teeth, .ike a deg snailing.-l lie Intcrlo; tr. the paler sheet inside. As she ran her eye along the two or three pregnant words Gaunt watchtd her with a dread expectancy. ' There is no answer ; you may go.' The door shut ; the woman was deadly pale. Lord Gaunt spoke first. ' Is he coming back ?' ' Never — he is dead.' CHAPTER II. HE, SHE, AND IT. Mrs. Alec had once been fond of her husband, and her mind was a puzzle to herself. The re vulsion of feeling most people have felt even at the loss of an enemy was hers to a tenfold degree. ' The thought that perhaps the estrangement had been her fault, that probably his sins lay at her door, tormented her, and, with the impractical generosity of a woman, she took them all upon her shoulders now, when it was too late. Heavy as his sins had been, they wrighed lighter upon her shoulders than the agony of her own. Then came the thankfulness born in those whose god is expediency for her social salvation. She could suffer silently, so long as she were not found out. Bv now she would have been already damned ; as it was, she sat addressing envelopes with a little heap of black-edged cards at her el bow, printed with all the formality of a visiting card. She thanked Heaven, ' j that giveth and takethaway,' with more fervour than Heaven ex pects. Mrs. Alec was honest enough to be ashamed of herself as she glanced at the cards, and her shame expressed itself in an odd little laugh. She was bitterly amused. What a blessed thing formality can become. It can hide emotion as successfully as a telegram. She consoled herself for her self- contempt by considering the exact amount of emotion felt by each of the sympa thisers to whom she addressed the envelopes. ' My printed receipt in as valuable as the goods supplied,' she said to herself. While she sat writing, Gaunt was announced and they greeted each other with lens ceremony than before. They were both more at ease with each other. They had become engaged on the night of the dead man's death. The humour of the situation had struck Lord Gaunt as he walked up Park Lane. He stopped dead now and again, and smiled grimly as he looked at the pavement. — then he would strike his perfect boot with his perfect cane and walk on again. They were legitimate lovers, and in Ihe course of time society would bring its silver candlesticks aud hunting crops, and fliug slippers and rice upon them who bad so narrowly and to recently escaped its mud and stones. Mrs. Alec greeted him with a dubious smile EIGHTEENTH CENTUEY GROUT. Art Study, by Giouzelle, Geui ge-stroet. that was like a flag at half-mast. She was half bride, half- widow. ' It was awful —it is awful,' she said. ' You see what I am doing.' And she held up one of the cards that had beeu held over. Lord Gaunt pulled a face — the face he cxpectid from his friends, and that they would expect from him — a delicate grimace of condolence — al- most before he knew what be had done. It was the habit of politeness that was stronger and simpler than the varying emotions of love and in terest that fought within him It was certainly fitter for expression than the variations. The humour of the situation struck Mrs. Alec forcibly, too ; she would have made much the same face, only much prettier, under the same cir cumstances, aud she laughed. He recollected him-elf, and they laughed together merrily be fore the gods. There were no awkward silences af.er this, born of an awkward position, though both of them had thoughts they were ashamed to own to each other and each knew what was passing in the other's mind. The passion they had begun in guilt and secrecy, each thought in silence, could not change its nature or receive a different graft upon its 1 stem so soon. They were amateurs in sin, and might have gone on as self- righteously as only professional sinners are allowed to do, had not the devil whispered occasionally inconvenient thought in the ears of both of them. But thereafter there was the ease between them of secure and uncon victed knaves. ' We will pick up tbe broken pieces together — and his wife shall be my wife, and his child my child,' he found himself saying. He put his haud into bis pocket and drew out the last letter Bhe had written to her husband, the one she had handed to him the week before. He tore it carefully in narrow strips and threw it upou the fire. It was the one witness of their slip — her bond with the devil ; both hearts were lighter as they watched it burn. The paper scorched from brown to black, but the ink in which it was written still glistened. Then tbe paper gloved a dull gold, but the words stood out a solid block till a flame danced up and b'eked it into the furnace beueath. Tbe first line was intact on one of tbe slips, and was the last to go. ' If ever you come back again,' they read. He beat down the Are with the shovel aud looked at her. ' He will never come back again,' he said, ' never. Are you glad or sorry ? ' But as Lord Gaunt stooped to lay down the shovel, among the grey dead asbes and the glow ing coals a face sprang into being. It had a ma licious and sardonic grin. Lord Gaunt did not lay down the shovel, but beat upon the fire as he would strike an enemy, again and again, where the dead man's face ap peared. His own face looked ghastly to the wo man in the upward light, aud the action brutal, as though he was dancing on a corpse. ' Dust and ashes — damned ; he cannot come back again, he is damned, and his place is filled.' Nevertheless, Lord Gaunt at least had not yet seen the last of him. CHAPTER III. SIIOBT — ON THE PEEVE BSITY OF WOMEN. A year after Mrs. Alec was Lady Gaunt. Before, when happiness seemed impossible un less by a conflict with herself, the world and all its conventions, a conflict from which few came out victorious and more un wounded, she had looked forward to the time when Gaunt and she should be man and wife its to the utmost haven of earthly rest. Wheu, however, her widowhood came upon her the fruit she had been straining to reach fall into her hand. It was no longer forbidden, but it was over-ripe. To be free was of itself almost enough for hap piness to her. She would have been happy if she had not lost so much of her self-respect — but she had fuuud the bitterness of being ashamed, and it haunted her day and night. Without the need to fight and suffer for the goals he had looked for ward to so passiona'ely, its desirableness had dwindled to more ordinary proportipns. She loved Lord Gaunt, it is true — but she had deceived herself as to the extent of her loving. MRS. ALEC GALDIE RETURNS TIIAXKS TO LADY ELIZABETH FLINT FOR KIND SYMPATHY. All her sense of wrong and injustice had forced itself through the same channel as her love, and become coloured to love's resemblance by its con tact. Calm now reigned over the still waters of her judgment that had so lately wasted them selves in torrent, and love flowed in consequence in a slower stream. Gaunt had loved her for herself, and pitied her too. The passion that had shown its readiness to fight the world for her sake had no reason to cool because the world's opposition was removed. The gaining of this woman for his wife, and to make his life and hers the happier thereby, had been his one object — that it was forbidden did not fascinate him as it would have done many men ; and he did not understand how a woman who had been prepared to brave the fires of this world and hell to follow should hesitate at the minor offence of marrying him before the prescribed year of widowhood should have expired. It was a ridi culous pathos from their high tragedy position. To think what people would say was now her constant solicitude. A. man who would hesitate to spoil his credit to the extent of half a crown would yet go cheerfully bankrupt for a million — but Lord Gaunt did not remember this aspect, and set the whole thing down to the perversity of women. However he managed to dangle his mental legs and twiddle his metaphorical thumbs grace fully enough, until the year had run itself through with the waste of precious time ; then he put his foot down and they were married. They were not lees happy than they expected to be — their affection did not die down as many wise heads, speaking from experience, asserted it would ; and at last they seemed to have entered into their desired haven. It is a pity that the story cannot end here, for it ends unhappily. CHAPTER IV. ' NOCTIS EQUI.' They had beeD married about a year. It had been carefully explained to the child that her father had gone away, and that he would never come back again — and henceforward Lord Gaunt would be a father to her. No child had as yet come to dispute her place in Lord Gaunt's affections ; and he was very fond of her. She was now six years old, and would sit in front of the fire playing with the eat, while her mother and Lord Gaunt sat on each side of the hearthrug watching them. Lord Gaunt's face was gradually obliterating the traces of her father's in her childish memory, and filling up the place. It was a gentler, kinder face — and Lady Gaunt was not sorry. When the child was not there, however, some thing else seemed to take her place on the hearth rag, and a silence stood up between Gaunt and his wife, as it had. on the night of her first hus band's death. The secret was their own, and they kept it between them. Lord Gaunt was a nervous man and fanciful. Sometimes what would start in bis head as a fancy became to him in course of time an external fact. This seems to have been the case on the pre sent occasion. The doctor explains it very well. ThiB secret became in course of time connected with external things which Lord Gaunt gave to the gossamer of his fancy as at'ributes. These very attributes lent some of their own substance thereto until the fancy became as solid to Lord Gaunt as they. It is often thus that illogical minds are deceived in great matters if an irrele vant truth is administered in juxtaposition with the lie, and vice versa. It stood on the hearthrug as Lord Gaunt sat by the fire and grinned at him. It sat making faces at him in the fire. The house was soon full of it. It became a presence. The curtains waved as though some one had just gone through. The doors opened and shut with a slam. The chair creaked as it sat down or stood up or shifted as it sat, and they tried to ignore it to themselves and to each other. Still to Lady Gaunt it was a phantom — a mere blot and burden on her memory ; while to Gaunt it was fast becoming a reality. Lady Gaunt be came anxious for his health. Other people had their own business to attend to, and took no notice of it. Only the cat, who had nothing to do but take stock, saw it moving about. Sometimes it grinned and sometimes its hair stood up and crackled with the sparks. Lord Gaunt began to hate it, and grew more nervous than ever. Lady. Gaunt suggested that they should try a change in the country, and they went down to the Hail But it had gone down by an earlier train and arrived before them. One night Gaunt woke np beside his wife in the great carven bed, his hair wet and straight like the cat's, and his whole body cold with sweat. He put ont his hand to his wife and it touched something chill and rigid like a corpse. ' My darling, wake — wake — you are not ill ? ' he whispered hoarsely in the horrid pause. There was no answer, apd he shook the thing roughly. Still no answer. He jumped out of bed and turned on the lights. There was bis wife in a rosy slumber fresh and warm. ' It was a nightmare,' he said, and got into bed again atealtluly and tried to sleep. ' It was a nightmare,' he kept on repeating, but did not believe it, and fear took possession of his soul, while the phantom that stalked in front of him and sprang out upon him from behind corners began to shape itself into the likeness of the dead man. ? CHAPTER V. ODD MAN OUT. ' It is impossible — it is impossible ; it can not be, I am a weak fool.' But all the same, Lord Gaunt avoided the dark. His face thinned and his hair became streaked with grey. Hjb eyes took on a furtive look to right and left, as though he hoard footsteps behind him. People who had called him mad before for bis recklessness, called him mad now with more meaning, and flattered themselves on a prophetic power they owed to the equivocacy of the language. It may have been that he was mat, and it may fcave been that he saw truth ; to all intents and purposes they are often the same. His madness then took on the form of a hatred of the dark. He harried tbe servants if the lamps were nut all alight well before sunset in readiness for the dusk. In his lover days he had been fond of twilight and the weird flicker of the fire. So had Lady Gaunt ; but for her own reasons she had never asked for the lights to be delayed as had once been her wont in earlier days. ' How dark these old houses are,' Lord Gaunt said one day ; and they hastened to have a dynamo set up in tbe grounds, and the electric light sprinkled lavishly all over the house. Lord Gaunt began to read studies in the reli gions of the world ; the resurrection of the dead became of more importance to bim than it is to most men of the world, who still profess to be lieve it, to their wives. For him it became not a hope but a terror. He read the transactions of Physical Research Societies, scientific works on spiritualism and magnetism ; even ironical books like ' There is no Death,' and ' real ' ghost stories collected by Mr. Stead, till he walked in an atmosphere that waB peopled with disembodied life. So tbe long windows were reflected in the lake early and late ; the gardeners and stable hands asked if there were visiters. No, there wore no visitors, said the maids, who acted as intelligence department through their followers to the village; and no visitors were expected, said the valet to the butler — he had made bold to ask his lordship. ' We shall not been entertaining much this sea son,' he had replied ' I expect no one you will have to make any preparation for.' Lord Gaunt sat in the library with his books — alone but for his thoughts, which were not good ctmpany. They were fascinating bores, and he could on no account get rid of them. Hints were of no use, and utter rudeness seemed like courteous deference. They persisted in their presence. ' I will have proof,' he kept on saying to him self — 'proof' — and he would attack his books afresh. In theory he had always been a sceptic — now his mind accepted what may have been its own delusions as hard facts, and believed in spite of its desires. ' If only the wish could be the father of the thought on all occasions,' he said bitterly to himself. The wish in him begot nothing but bastards. Already he had begun to open the door ftr his visitor, and to pause deferentially like a commis sionaire while it passed out. He waited on land ings while the unseen passed by unheard — he stood aside against walls in passages to make room — and when the thing had gone he called himself a fool. The comedy was fast becoming r tragedy to him, and was bearing heavily upon his strength. At last he pulled himself together, threw aside his books, and called up his old self as best as he could to do battle with the intruder. Common 6ense, greatest of exercisers, he called in to his aid, and set himself in his old attitule towards life. He determined to flee from the unwelcome guest, ran up to town, went round the clubs, and dropped into tbe Empire — and went back to his wife improved in health and spirits prepared to try conclusions with his fear. It will not trouble me again,' he said with the bluster of a man trying to believe a doubt, and he found natural causes to explain what wduld insist upon being regarded as supernatural. He was low, the doctor said, to whom he told half-truths only ; nerves a hit off- colour, that was all. Exercise, with occasional quinine. The mere telling of part of his trouble to the doctor and the doctor's breezy confidence had a decided effect. He went about more, and now and again had a few people down. Old Harrovians and Cnntabs, a few brother-officers and clubmen came down for a few day's shooting now and again to thin out the covers — he really began to enjoy himself and feel a man again. His wife was delighted with the change wrought in him ; and one night, in the drawing room, just before dinner, as she was passing, busy shuffl ng her guests, she stole a moment to tell him how well he looked and how she adpiired him — how he had the old look in his eyes, and other suchlike things that women say to men in tender moments. It pleased him, and he just touched, her hand as she passed on. She looked back and smiled. Then they trooped in to dinner. It was only a small party of a dozen, but it seemed quite a number after the quiet time they had been having. They were all seated when -Somerseales sang out — ' Here, I say, old man, expectin' anybody f Here's an empty chair between me and Lady Gaunt.' Lord Gaunt was taking sherry, and had hardly noticed. ' Some mistake of yours, Roueh,' he said to the butler as he poured the wine. ' I beg pardon, sir — I understand ? ' 'Why damme, old man (I bfg your pardon, Lady Gaunt), you're not goin' to have thir teen ? ' Somerseales was a soldier, and as superstitious as they make them. ' No, of course not ; move the chair, Rouch,' and Lord Gaunt looked up to the empty space between Somerseales and Lady Gaunt as he lifted his glass. ' What a superstitious beggar ? ' But the wordB died on his lips, and the wine glass broke in his suddenly clenched hand. The wine spilt down his shirt-front, and he fell back in his chair. ' There are thirteen of us,' he gasped. 'Send him away, Rouch — Somerseales — between you and Lady Gauut — send him away or one of us will die.' ' Humbug, man, it's only a chair, that don't count.' But Gaunt could not hear him, and they car ried him out. In a short time, however, things were reported all right again, and Gaunt came back to table with the haunch and apologised. The chair had been removed, and everyone tried to go on as if nothing had happened. Gaunt drank a lot of champagne, but it had no effect upon him. ' Sorry I spoke,' said Somerseales, and it took all Lady Gaunt's tact to soothe down the poor fellow. At last things smoothed out satisfac tory enough, and dipper came to a close. ' Rum start, by Jove, thpugh, wasn't it ? Looked like jim-jams if he hadn't run so straight — off his oats, poor devil— seemed fit enough all lay — never saw a man go off colour like that be fore,' said Somerseales afterwards as he chalked his cue. ' Pink on blue, player spot white in hand !'' ' How delightfully creepy,' said Pink, as she went in off, and starred two. ' We shall all be afraid to go to bed to-night ; let's write a story in the journal of tbe Wicked Lord and the Haunted House. It'll be much more interesting than the day's bag. If you'll lend me halfa ero wn I'll pay you your sixpence now and owe you two shillings. I've run out. See ? ' Captain Somerseales lent her half-a-crown — and saw. ? CHAPTER VI. DEAD MEN'S SHOES. It was after this that Gaunt took to drink. The doctor told him that if he was not careful it would be more than be would undertake to keep him straight. ' Your nerves were bad enoigh to start with — you're simply playing the devil with them. Pull yourself together, man. Exercise is all you really want. Don't be a fool. Ride — hounds — shoot — fresh air — anything — stodgy — stout — change — travel — Monte Carlo,' he ejacu lated staccato, as he wrote a prescription he didn't believe in, all full of little wriggles, to enforce a belief in the things he said. ' Don't racket mind. Early to bed and early to rise — the stupid wisdom of our grandfather. Cheer up, old fellow — set your Bhoulders back and look straight, and we'll soon make you your old self again.' And so fresh life was put into him from the other man's contagious vitality — and Gaupt laid hold of his health as to salvation, though his be lief in it had been shaken that sight at dinner. ' He'll catch me tripping one day,' thought he, as he rode recklessly behind the hounds. ' People call this foxhunting — but I'm running away. He'll catch me tripping, be I never so careful and never so cunning. Or shall I face him ? Dare I face him ? Could I call him up and have it out ? Or will he still haunt me, my God, in my bed and at my board P I'll face him. If death is death, why death itself will be a relief from my dog's life. If death is not death, at any rate we should meet, on equal terms. I'll face him while I dare. Good God, I'll materialise the beggar,' and he tried to laugh as though at a joke. At this time he had a long interval of rest, only the dead man kept cropping up in odd ways, that he would have taken no notice of if he had not been so rudely shaken already For instance, going fishing one day, he called for his high fishing boots, and a pair was brought. He had put them on before they struck bim as unfamiliar and uncomfortable. ' Good God,' he said, ' I am in the dead arm's shoes.' Many things cropped up in this way — the dead man's cigars, with one half -smoked ; old coats and waistcoats, an evening dress, with an Em pire Btall ticket for tw? places in the pocket ; and so on. These he collected with a kind of morbid curio sity, and set them aside in a wardrobe all by themselves, to which he kept the key. Now and again be looked upon them as a good Catholic looks upon temptation when he is in danger of falling, and clothed the dead with theip in his thoughts. On these occasions all his old fear seemed insignificant and far away, as though seen through a diminishing glass, and his phan tom lost its terrors. He had almost given up hiB idea of material ising his enemy, though it still lurked somewhere in his mind. Still, it seemed ridiculous now that he was quite well again and a credit to the doctor and himself, and he put it off till the occasion should arise naturally. Ho had nodded to sleep over a book in front of the fire one night, but was suddenly awakened by a sense of qbill. The fire had not gone out ; it must have been a sudden draught, for the door closed as though blown to by the wind. Then a sound like footsteps, muffled and on tiptoe, com ing across the floor behind him. The step was none of his household, nor of his wife or the child's, and he listened without looking round. The chair, a large basket one, behind him, creaked uneasily when the footsteps ceased, while the visitor sat down heavily. Gaunt could imagine him crossing his legs. He gave him time to be comfortably seated, and tben turned round slowly to face the chair. There was nothing visible, ' What, here again, old friend ? ' said Gaunt, who was feel ing particularly fit. What do yon want ? Can I do anything to make you more comfortable f ' There was no sign and no sound, thongh Gaunt gave it plenty of time. ' I Knew it was nothing — if one was well enough — mice and a draught,' and Gannt. turned back towards the fire. Presently the chair creaked, and the footsteps crossed the room towards the door. Gaunt looked round, wot his finger in his mouth, and held it up between the door and chimney. ' There is no draught,' he said ; but the door opened and shut, very quietly this time, and the thing was gone. Though Gannt had seen nothing, when he looked back to the hearth there was the cat, her back in a bow, her head drawn back, and tail in the air, all bristling with fear — her eyes con tracted to pin points, fixed upon the door. CHAPTER Vn. SUCH STUFF AS DBEAHS ABE MADE OF. Gaunt could not explain it — why sometimes he should see and sometimes only hear. He pnt it down to his intention to face and fight the thing. ' Anyway, spirits are nearly as difficult to account for as women, and we must take them and their phenomena as we find 'em,' he said. The next night he brought down certain of the dead man's things into the library, and concealed them there. There were no guests to dinner, and he asked his wife to have hi6 coffee and char treuse brought into the library to him as he had some business in hand. ' The child will amuse you,' he said. Arrived at (he library door, his hand upon the knob, he hesitated a moment like a man who weighs his act. To cross the threshold and to carry oat his purpose meant possibly life or death to him — or with a laugh, his intention was merelv ridiculous. He filled his chest with a deep inspiration, turned the handle, and went boldly into his busi ness. The coffee and liqueur stand were there— a bright fire burned on the hearth ; and as he sipped the coffee he strolled about the room, ex amining window fastenings and recesses, shaking out curtains, peering1 into corners, and generally making comylete examination of the room. He bolted the three long French windows, let down the blinds, drew the curtains, and set a chair against them, so that the curtains bulged up against the windows, giving a strange aspec t to the room. ' There shall be no trickery,' he said, ' and no interruption.' He locked the door and put to a little slip catch that worked with a knob on the inside only, and set a chair against the door as against the win dows. Beneath the bookcase were cupboards for news papers and such large folios as would not go easily upon the shelves MaDy of these were empty or half empty, and large enough to conceal a crouching man. These he opened and propped wide the doors with heavy books. The chimney he examined carefiOly. There was a log fire blazing in a Louis Quinzieme bra zier on the wide hearth. The wood was dry, and burnt true with very little smoke. Setting the brazier a little to one side, he examined the flue. Here was a difficulty, for many a little sweep had lacerated his elbows scrambling up and down it in earlier days. There was a hinged register, how ever, with a staple and pin to fix it down from the inside. Oddly enough, he hesitated about the fixing of this. ' It'll make such a devil of a 6moke,' he said — he didn't like smoke — the personal dis comfort came vividly before him, and for a mo ment seemed almost of mere importance than his main purpose. Then he remembered arguments he had had with Lady Gannt before they were married, about the perversity of woman. ' At any rate, I'll try it for a minute or two,' and he bolted the register, set bBck the brazier in its place, and tben beat his hands together to get rid of tbe slight sootiness upon his fingers, and nearly wet upstairs to wash them. However, this seemed somewhat beside the mark, and he put up with his dirty hands also. The fire made little more smoke than his cigar, and he found himself enjoying the mingled frag rance of the ash wood and the tobacco. He finished the Villar he was smoking, and after patrolling the room once more to observe his preparations, went to the place where lie had con cealed the dead man's clothes. These he set out elaborately over the dead man's chair, as a valet does in the evening, all ready for use. He set the patent shoes before the chair, and poured out a coffee and liqueur, which he set on a small table beside it, for hospitality to his guest. He was more punctilious always with his enemies than with his friends. Everything was now in readiness but himself. He took another glass of chartreuse and lighted another cigar — then sat down facing the dead man's chair, and smiled at the precision with which he had laid out the clothes. He reached his foot across, and with his toe spread out the shoes into the resemblance of an attitude. 'That looks more human and inviting,' he said, and puffed at his cigar. ' What a ridiculous idiot I am ! ' He remembered a schoolboy blasphemy he had practised. ' If you say the Our Father back wards you will see a black cross in the air,' some superstitious fellow had eaid. He had said the Our Father backwards as wick edly as he could, but had seen nothing. ' ' What ut ter rot,' he said to himself now. 'I'm playing the . same game over again. Of course he won't come. They never do when they're invited. It's only when you don't want 'em. However, this cigar's first rate.' He puffed in silent enjoyment for half a mi nute. ' Won't you join me ? ' he asked, and addressed the chair. ' Your coffee's getting cold. Hallo, what's that ? ' The incantation had worked, and Lord Gaunt sat entertaining his gueat. Lady Gaunt might have seen her two husbands facing each other, though tbe interview was not of a kind to admit of a lady's presence. The duel was fought without seconds, but in his way, even Galdie had been an honourable man. In the encounter, however, Gaunt stood no chance — for you cannot kill a dead man again. They had to break open the door. The smell of fire had found its way into the house, and a slow ooze of smoke came from beneath the door. They had knocked and obtained no answer. They found Lord Gaunt stone dead, staring straight in front of bim — his eyes horrid, and bis lips drawn tight across his teeth, like a dog snarl ing, drawn back in act to spring, his hands clenched on the armB of the chair. In front of him was the dead man's chair, and tbe clothes lying as he had arranged them. Between his teeth, nearly bitten through, stuck the still glow ing end of his cigar. The little girl had crept in timidly and unob served behind her mother among the servants. She did not see Lord Gaunt, for they bad already covered him np. ' Look, mamma ; yon said he wasn't coming back again , and there he is laughing at us ; he s come back after all. Father ? ' In the silence everybody heard her, and turned to look — there was the child gazing on vacancy. ' W here's he gone ? Didn't yon see him, mother P He was laughing at us.' ' Nonsense, child, you are mistaken,' but Lady Gaunt had a secret of her own. The others could not understand, though there were whispers ^ in the servants' hall, and some spoke of giving notice. The End. 