Parliamentary Doings. When the Speaker took the chair to the House of Assembly last evening the Chamber presented a peculiar position. The Treasury Bench contained three members, the three back benches were occupied by Mr Aikenhead solus, the cross bench by Messrs McWilliams and Page, the front Opposition bench by Mr Bird, the two first beck benches empty, the lower front Opposition bench by three members, the lower back by Mr Fowler, and the Opposition cross by three. There were no notices of motion or questions given. When the third leading of the Rural Police Rate Bill was called on Mr McWilliams moved that the Bill be re- committed for the purpose of re consider ing the action of the Committee as to the rate, but the Speaker ruled that this was out of order, and he was supported by Mr Lewis. The Premier moved the adjourn- ment of the debate. The Leader of the Opposition: " What is that for ? If it is to play into the hands of the member for Ringarooma then I will oppose it." The Premier said it was because the Treasurer was absent. That was sufficient for the member for Franklin, but it was not for Mr Hartnoll, who could see no reason for any adjournment. Mr Crisp, after further discussion, put it very fairly that the Premier had promised that the Bill should not be read a third time until the member for Ringarooma should put forward his objections. Mr Davies believed in the resolution as originally brought down being kept intact. He believed that they should go slowly. It would be very unfortunate if they had to bring in a Bill to reimpose the tax. Mr Fowler was in favor of an adjournment and was entering into the merits of the matter when he was ruled out of order by Mr Speaker. Mr Hoggins considered the House would be lacking in courtesy if they did not ad- journ the debate. The Leader of the Opposition asked the Speaker's ruling as to the recom- mittal of the Bill to alter the rate. Mr McWilliams : You can drop this Bill and bring in another. Mr Speaker : I have already most unhesitatingly stated that the Bill cannot be recommitted for the purpose named. The Vegetation Diseases Bill has met with the approval of the constituents of Captain Evans, and it would have gone through with little difficulty if it had not been for the member for Launceston, Mr Hartnoll, who had a great deal to say about nothing. The Leader of the Oppo- sition had also a good word to say for the Bill as his constituents had looked into it and were favorable to it. There is a rupture in the Opposition ranks, it was there before, but it is openly announced now. Ex-Minister of Lands Hartnoll, who has from the first shown hostility to the Leader of the Opposition, gave full and public expres- sion to it last night. The Leader of the Opposition rose to speak on the Vegeta- tion Diseases Bill, and the member for Launceston about the same instant. He, however, was in front of the Chairman of Committees and Mr Bird behind. In ordinary circumstances and according to Parliamentary usage the rank and file give way to the general, but on this occasion Private Hartnoll did not observe that respect to his leader that he should have done, for advancing to the table he said, " There is no Leader of the Opposition now, and I claim the right to speak." Those who had been present during a division which had been taken readily understood the reason for the Launceston Conservative member's action and evident chargin. It appears that Mr Bird had paired with Sir Philip Fysh on the Police Rates Bill. Mr Lewis, who had been in attendance, had intended to vote against the amend- ment, that is against the Government, but did not want his vote to be lost, although he had to leave. Accordingly, he got the Leader of the Opposition to vote with the Government, thus fulfilling his obligation to Sir Philip Fysh, and oblig ing Mr Lewis. While the division was being taken Mr Hartnoll made sarcastic allusions to the Leader of the Opposition " swapping " places, and enabling the Government to secure a win. Captain Miles wants all regulations to be published in the daily newspapers, because the Gazette was not sufficient to enable the public to know what was going on. The Attorney General argued that there was no necessity for that, because if there was any slip in the publication by any Board it would destroy the effects of the penal clauses. This did not satisfy Captain Miles, and he obtained his way. A new clause was added to make the Bill come under operation of the Depart- ment of Agriculture Act. When the House went into Committee on the Education Bill there was not a quorum. The Premier was at the table, the Attorney-General had the Treasury Bench to himself, Mr Aikenhead the front bench Ministerial, the rest of that side of the House being vacant. On the Opposition front bench Messrs Bird and Dobson were there, Mr Von Stieglitz had his accustomed corner, Mr Hartnoll his usual place on the Opposition cross- bench, and Mr Dumaresq spoke at the table. Subsequently, Captain Evans took a seat at the table facing Mr Davies. It subsequently transpired that a num- ber of them had gone to the Stock Act meeting at the Town Hall. " The Baron " was deeply interested in the newspaper, the member for Kingborough looked thoughtful, Devonport's elect studied carefully his Bill, as did the Leader of the Opposition ; but the mem- ber for Brighton had his eyes open and his ears cocked to see nothing crept in prejudicial to his Bill ; as for the rest they looked bored. The member for Richmond came in and the member for Devonport went out, but after a brief absence returned. After a while Messrs Crisp, McWilliams, Pillinger, and Bradley entered. Mr Dobson wants to get the Education Bill passed into law, and yet, with strange inconsistency, he asked that it be kept in Committee for another week, as he wanted to get the teachers paid out of the Consolidated Revenue and all the fees go to the Treasury. The Premier said it was very disheartening to have the measure brought to a standstill to con- sider a resolution he hoped the House would not agree to. The member for Ringarooma wanted a clause to deal with Boards of Advices where members neglected to do their duty, but the Pre- mier held that this could be dealt with under the present law. He also wanted female representatives on the Boards. Almost from the start the question of the principle of increases granted to Civil Servants was raised in almost the same terms as in former years, and the reply was about the same. Then the Speaker alluded to the friction which had arisen between the President of the Legislative Council or the Speaker of the House of Assembly with departmental officers as contingencies. There had been ridiculous contentions, and the chief officer of the House should not be placed in a ridiculous position by having to go cap in hand not to Ministers but to an underling for a paltry window pane or some other telling matter. The Premier said that personally he would be glad to vote annually to the Speaker so much yearly, and tell him to do as he liked with it. Objection was taken by the member for Richmond to the item, " Personal allow- ance to doorkeeper, etc., House of As- sembly," but he forgot that there was a change of officers, and that the officer who is about to be appointed gets £125 in his present position, while the door- keeper's salary is but £110. The personal allowance of £80 would be but £15 more than the present salary, and when the extra duties were taken into considera tion it is not a penny too much. Mr Lewis will be of the same opinion when he reflects for a moment over the matter. Mr Bradley posed for the Civil Service vote last evening when he made an attack on the Under-Secretary’s office, which he first of all contended was unnecessary, and then that it ought to have been given to an officer in the Service. The present officer he was opposed to, and that was sufficient to all except to those who held similar views for the same object, although he tried to throw members off the scent by a hollow eulogy of the Under- Secretary. The Premier ridiculed the hon. member's yes-no attitude, and then he explained in a clear and unmistakable manner that the present Under-Secretary was peculiarly adapted for the purpose. While he was away from the office a great deal of the work he now undertook was cast on the shoulders of Ministers. But for his absence in England the City Cor- poration would never have had the ser- vices of Mr Steward, even for a short, while, without imputing any incompetency to the other Civil Servants he said it was a loss to the Service when he was in the employ of the Corporation. The member for Battery Point was not satisfied. It was a studied insult to the Civil Service and the more the Premier stated the worse became the blame. The Premier : Thank you. It was a pity for Mr Bradley that he had not a big House to listen to him. Captain Evans put another complexion to the case when he related the difficul- ties encountered in the Chief Secretary's Office during the six months Mr Steward was away. The officer was a good administrative one, and without any re- flection on the other servants he dis- tinctly stated that the officer could not be bettered. Mr Hamilton was of a similar opinion. Mr Smith wants more money spent on secretaries to Ministers, as the latter had too much clerical work to do. Mr Lewis said the position this officer had risen to in the Civil Service should be an object lesson to the junior members of the Civil Service. He traced the rise and progress of Mr Steward and justified his appointment as Under-Secretary, a position he had gained by his high talent and skilled ability. He only wished that there were more junior members in the Civil Servants, who devoted themselves to improving themselves in their leisure moments, and fitting themselves for the higher positions in the Service. The Premier showed that the work now done formerly cost £950 to £1000 a year, and was certainly not better done. The Premier has no relative or connective in the Service for whom, it might be said, he wanted the billet. He appealed to members to look at the office and its re- quirements and not to the individuals. This year all whose salaries were under £250 had had their salaries restored to what they were before the retrench- ment. Mr McWilliams thought that other heads of departments should hare in creases as well as the officer in question, instancing the Assistant Medical Officer at New Norfolk, the head of the Taxes Department, and the Postmaster and Chief of Customs at Launceston. He considered that the present salary should be continued—that was £350. That ought to be sufficient for a time, and he ought to be satisfied with it until men in higher positions received increments. The Premier said that the Under- Secretaryship was the blue ribbon of the Service, and there was no other higher. Mr Hamilton defended the officer, and at every word uttered in favor of the Under-Secretary, the member for Battery Point writhed as if being lashed with scorpions ; he could hardly keep his seat, while his mutterings were fre quent, loud, and deep. When the member for Glenorchy sat down, Mr Bradley, rising in his wrath, could hardly get his words out in his eagerness to repeat what he had said three times before. Everything was ridiculous except the opinion expressed by himself. He had rubbed shoulders with all classes and kinds. " Did you rub shoulders the Prince of Wales ?" asked the Attorney General. That restored the member to a better frame of mind for few moments, and then he dashed off again. The appointment had been a slap in the face to the Civil Service. The item got through all the same. The member for Campbell Town was guilty of a lapsus linguae which caused some merriment. The member for Hobart (Mr Bradley) had been laying great stress on having rubbed shoulders with all sorts and conditions of men, but admitted, in reply to an interjection, that he had not reached so high as the Prince of Wales. The member for Campbell Town, who followed, claimed to have done likewise, but while he had not stood shoulder to shoulder with royalty he had many years ago, while walking down Oxford street, been recognised by the late Prince of Wales. Some of the Com- mittee laughed, while one asked quite seriously " Did you, really ?" The Premier, when order had been restored, rose and calmly remarked, " I must con- gratulate the hon. member on the way he carries his 120 years." This was the signal for another outburst, which the member for Campbell Town did not alto- gether allay when he pleaded, " It was Prince Albert, you know, who I meant !" There were absent during the sitting Messrs Burke, Cameron, Crowther, Murray, Mackenzie, Mulcahy, Clarke, Reibey, Leatham, Gilmore, Hall, Archer, Sir Philip Fysh. Women and the franchise—a subject of very great importance in the com- munity, and which has attracted the greatest political philosophers of the age —attracted the attention of the Upper Chamber last evening through the medium of the Constitution Act Amendment Bill. Judging from the tone of the majority of Council they do not want woman franchise, or, for the matter of that, very little of any other franchise. Women, according to the light of one member, have no right to the franchise, as it tended to disturb their domestic duties. This, however, is a pure matter of opinion, and nothing more. Mr Piesse made a stirring speech in favor of woman suffrage, and asked the pointed question " If women had a right to the franchise, was it not wrong and unjust to exclude them from exercising their rights ?" He pointed out that as far as he could see that there was not the least plausibility in what the opponents to the measure said. " If," said the hon member for Buckinkham, " a woman is compelled to pay taxes, obey the laws, and so forth, why should she not be allowed a controlling influence in the Council of the nation ?" This is solid bedrock argument, and it should hit home but the Speaker remarked he did not believe it would hit home, for the simple reason that subjects of this character never hit home in the Upper Chamber. Mr Watchorn raised a ghost against granting a vote to the ladies. He evidently fears the females, old and young. If a woman was given a voting paper the member for the Huon believes such an action would be fraught with disastrous consequences to the country. Possibly, he means that the intellect and education of the small section of electors of the Upper House would be swamped by the newly-admitted section. Then came on the question of adult Suffrage. The Council do not want this. They are confident it has been smuggled into the Bill to get at them, and they are not going to be " had." They have no feeling of distrust against the working man ; this was the expression used by one speaker ; but it was considered that a great deal of harm would be done him by throwing on him a responsibility that he was altogether unprepared for. One will ask the Council, If the working man has an acute and shrewd intellect, should he be debarred by his position from having a vote ? Adult woman franchise, and any franchise but the Council franchise, is doomed in the Upper Chamber. To- day the carefully-prepared sections which had been drafted in the interests of good Government were thrown into the waste paper basket. The Council look very suspiciously on the Attorney- General. The Constitution Bill gives this Minister the choice of selecting a seat in the double-barrelled West Coast electorate, but the Upper Chamber look upon this sort of thing as too much of the electoral monkey. The Attorney - General will be asked to-day to make his choice right off. The clause in the Bill dealing with particular matter was postponed last night to enable him to do so. Mr Grant propounded a terrible doctrine last evening in the Council. It fairly made hon. members' hair stand on end and some actually gasped for breach. It takes a great deal to make one of the lords gasp, but when the hon. member for Hobart remarked that when a member of Parliament took an office of emolument under the Crown it was absurd for him to go back to his constituents, the Council stared, and some members incidentally remarked that it was " Good-bye John to political morality when this sort of thing obtained." 