TH801I BATTLE TO PR0I0TI0I, A Romance of Love and War, PUBLISHED BY SPEC IAL ARRANGEMENT. US »25r WOOD, 'Author of "Barrack and Battlefleld." "Famous British Warships." "A Captain In the Fusiliers," "Tales of the Service," "a Pastor's Vengeance," "Boy Slnden of the Band," &c.;, &c.; 'A1 COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XIII.— (Conliiiiicd). "We're' not likely to be let off so easily," rejoined Goddard. "1 can stareely believe that the enemy is so badly demoralised 'that he won't show fight of sumo sort somewhere, i feel pretty, sura that he knows perfectly well that we re here, and that sooner ur-lator he'll do ills best, If only at a distance, to dis turb us." Uoddard's suspicion vvns not long 'In being realised. That uay passed in peace, nor' tvei-n they molested in another small deserted vll- lage lit which they spent the night. "I don't in my heart of hearts like the looks of things, Arthur," said Goddard, joining Bingham, after making a tour of the camp and seeing that every sentry was alert anu active on- his post. "I can hardly believe that uie tribesmen were so utterly crippled as to come so far up in the hills as they have done. 1 can only suppose that tliej' are falling back as we advance, and thai as soon as they 'get the chance, having lured us into fvliat they consider a deain-trap, they will fail upon us and try to snuff us out by mere numbers. . We've now got to the most critical point of our work. If two more days pass without casualties we shall be en our return to Sadda in tote. That will be even more extraordinary than If we meet and overpower large bodies of the enemy. By this time Goddard had pursued the march of a small conqueror, having left in .his path a line of destroyed villages, and, so far as he euuld toll from the nature of the country, an uninterrupted lino of retreat. His careful observations pointed to the con clusion that except from Ills direct front no serious attack was to bo anticipated from the lonemy; but now, so fur away from Ills base, qnd amid bills every side of which was fraught with stern peril, lie knew that an> moment the beaten foe might act on the de fensive, and either cripple him altogether or compel ills retreat. But lie felt that his task was now almost done, and that as soon as lie could got an approximate Idea of the enemy's strength and iinal position lie would be able to makq the best of his way back to Sadua, feeling eonselous that ho had done all that could be expected of a brave soldier. . He lmd now been absent from the fort four full days, and as yet ills party was intact, ex cepting one or two Sepoys, who had fallen victims to sudden and severe Illness— attacks which the expedition liad not the means of overcoming. His ammunition was untouch ed, and lic- had so carefully seen to the hus banding cit' ills resources that he had still six days' rations In hand. With anxious but hopeful feelings he decid ed upon passing the night in a village which, though not occupied, gave signs of having very recently been lived in by the enemy. It did not need a very careful observer to no tice that only within a few hours the tribes men had been pursuing their ordinary lives in those small housea. and that they must have 'withdrawn on seeing the advance of the enemy. Fires were sllll smouldering, and von mints of meals and odds and ends of household utensils which tho villagers libit not been able io carry. with them were scat tered freely about, pointing conclusively to a hurried' abandonment. . . Some little daylight remained, and of this Goddard took the utmost advantage. He set to'' work at once to irnke the village defens ible,! for, he told Bingham, he had now reach ed a point beyond which it would be folly for him to attempt to go. . They lmd, he was satisfied, got as fur into the hills as tliey could, with any pretence of a ehimco of milk ing their way back to Kadda. Every scrap of food and clothing Goddard ordered at the outset to be collected and secured. Tills war, done by men who knew that they might be thankful for the meanest odds und ends before many days had passed. Then he directed the construe! Ion of san- gars'on the fiat roofs of the houses, loop- holed every likely wall, and blocked up such entrances as seemed to lii. 7. likely to afford admission to the enemy. By the time night descended ho had trans formed, the little village, . avid had made a radisposi.tion .of .lip.' ttnul ..bricks und timber 'which it afforded, und every 'man knew thiit for that night at any' rate there would he nb rear. To cacti was given a ditty to per form; and the stern. necessity of discharging It as best lie- c-iuld 'was.'mude clear by the commanding 'oWcer.'V He'tyas 'acting on the assumption'.', tlmt when dn i kness enveloped the hills' he would be attacked, und lie did his best, as 'n' captain might' at sea. to meet a rising storm, to by ready for the evil when it fame,. It wiis a black, cold -night,- .'through tin) beginning of which Goddard waited for' squads .of the hillme.Ts .approach. Ha had 'faltli iil;'i himself ami .his' parly, and appre ciated t'» the full life advantage which his hastily- fortified village was to" him.. ' «. Hour lifter hour he "walked' from point to point, marvelling tliil fc -the Re did' -net de scend upon hinf, but the morning eiime with out any ..' break In the- awful calm that had rested upon them in tho darkness. Relieved and thankful as ho. was that no evil. had , befallen lilin, .Goddard ...was well awiij-o thiit hot many nlghls , qoultl pass in tills way. - He must ; either stand und fight whore. he was, trusting to the General send ing up reinioi'cemcniu. or go back now, be fore lilji . task, was fully -done. It was nu overwhelming responsibility, but lie did. not shrink in -any 'way 'fiom' bearing It. What ever came, it -could not be ::c,tu of htm that he hadi ni/t done his duly.- When the' day broke and the village was etUl .unattached. Go-Ida rd seized the chance to send out and have destroyed some build- ing:-1 which would have given cover to cwt- s'uernbie numbers of the tribesmen if they l-.ad -attacked him in the night. This liavlmr been done, ho snatched two or three hours' sleep, und gave orders that the gai-rlsuii should by turns obtain such rest during the day as they could, us every mun would have tc stand to his post again during that night, and as often as a night was spent there. Refreshed and strengthened by his sleep, he went the round of his defences, and was satisfied that what he had- done was the best that circumstances allowed. "This unholy calm," lie' said to Bingham, means one thing, and one thing only, and that is, that a fenrful storm will follow." "I hope It will break soon," said Blnglmm, Real hard fighting is far and away better than such anxiety as we went through last night. 1 couldn't stand many like it. Such a business as the raid does keep one's spirits up, but in these awful hills at night one's nerves are stretched to breaking point. It's almost like expecting a ghost compared with the vigour of meeting a sturdy two-legged ruffian In tho open and having it out with lilin squarely. In the one case you don't know what's going to come on top of you, but in the other you can at any rate see what you have to meet." "I don't think v,-e shall bo kept .waiting long," continued Goddard. "Surely the hillr men will know exactly how many there are of us, and how we stand, so. far as reinforce ments go. They, know as well as We do that If we're kept pinned in this place- for any length of time a relief force, will be . sent up fiom Sadda. They will either try to smite seen, or won't try nt all— and from what I know of them I can't think that they won't make an attempt." That niglit n great storm of wind and rain and hail swept down the mountain passes, and In the gloom and turmoil of it all there came tho hillmen from above. ' Knowing the exact strength of Goddard's force, and that there was nothing in the way of support for him between the village and Sadda, they had planned to' out him off and destroy him altogether, and then to. retire up the hills again to await the coming of the larger bodies which they knew were sure to be despatched from the valley below to wreak a heavy vengeance. All iuterncclnc warfare hud been for the' present abandoned by the tribesmen, who were banded together to do battle against the common enemy. They came In the tviidness of that night and made their assault upon the village. They hurled themselves against it from all sides, and were met with a huil of bullets that covered tho ground with dead and dying men. Time after time tliey sought to rush the houses, and as often tliey were beaten back. Every member of the reconnoitring party was under covet-, for on seeing the first sign of the attack Goddard had drawn in all tho suntries l'rom their pouts, knowing that mere numbers would overpower and kill them as they stood. From every ran gar and from every loop hole came tho Hash of rifle; within, the loud dear voices of the Englishmen and natives directing the lire of their men, the hearty, hopeful tones of Goddard himself, ringing above them nil; without, the screams of hill- men mingling with tho beat of drum and the- howling of the wind, that whirled and eddied' down the passes. The tribesmen gathered up their dead and wounded as tliey fell, and carried them away tinder cover of the darkness. ' So tliey. kept the ground clear for those whoso limbs were sound, and iu whom the lust for blood surged savagely. Not all the bullets that were fired bv God dard's party took effect,- because the only' light that shone enme from the Hashes from the rides' muzzles, and tho shooters could not see their targets. But fori tho most part the men took careful aim, and husbanded their ammunition; and more lead went into llosh and bone than found a restlngrpiaco. In the earth. . . . Time after time the hillmen came to the attack. Repeatedly they fell back awhile to renew their strength mid make another as sault. Maddened by their non-success. and baffled by the cool determination of the de fenders, tliey fought with lhere brute Instinct hoping by their own losses, by putting men forward to he shot down, -to exhaust' the re sources of their foe. Once got him short of ammunition, the surviving assailants could rush in, and tliey knew that what would fol low would be a more question of time. But this very peril Goddard himself had been the first to see and emphasise. He had told the men that every bullet in the pouches meant a life or more, and had appealed on tlie safest ground of all — self-preservation— for the utmost care-in firing. So It happened that every missile was dis posed nf as some precious possessi/n, and that pouches were guarded with a hungry, jealous' enre. So It happened also that when the day eame and the tribes drew off, dread ing, brave and Impassioned as they were, to face tlmt murderous lire when men could aim and pick them off with certainty, the defence had still a large supply of ammuni tion left. Daylight, came, and Goddard cautiously climbed upon the roof of his hut— one in the centre of the village, which he had tnkeu because front it ho could best take stock of his surroundings. There was not a dead or wounded hlliman near, but the ground was covered with Martinis and swords and knives; and tho wet soil was mottled with grout red patches. In spite of the protection which the houses gave, tho defenders, stray bullets had pene trated thin walls or cracks. These had. claimed half a dozen Hawltshlres and natives . as dead, /id twice that number. as wounded.' But the wounded were mostly able to do ser vice, and those who could not were put, upon' improvised stretchers, ready to be carried forth nt any moment. Before he thought of doing anything else, Goddard ordered breakfast to be'eatcri. Half, his force' tobk. -the meal while the other huff, stood to arms, ready for. the lilllmen.il'rthey rushed down again; and when the first party' had finished the second made their hasty: meal. . f \ Goddard and Bingham took their breakfast - standing, having the same ration as the men, ; except that it was rn tlieri. smaller.'" . ' "If It's to be a case of starvation," said; I, i.1; a8 a good example to begin with, I won't give the men even a ghost- ot a chance of supposing that you and X ra vened the rations, and put them on famine commons straight , off." Breakfast over, Goddard called for half a; dozen volunteers to go outside the walls and - bring in tho scattered rifies mid the ammuni tion that was on the ground in some profu sion. He made his choice from : the Ilawk- -snires and the natives 'who proffered to do' the work, and they worked cautiously away front the houses. A small pile of arms and cartridges had been brought in without molestation, "and Goddard was strongly disposed .-to keep, the volunteers within the safety of the huts. But it was Imperative that ho should' have as many of these weapons and cartridges as he could get, for they would strengthen his own defences giently, and would correspondingly weaken .the .tribesmen,' Ho asked the volunteers if they were willing to go a little farther out and bring ln'tho rifles and ammunition which were lying in greater profusion there than near the village, exr plaining .why it was necessary that this should be done. Every man volunteered again, and God dard watched them anxiously as they got further away from the houses and nearer the foot of . the hills which rose from the little plain on. which the village lay. It waB a perilous mission, and his heart sank somewhat as he saw puffs of smoke t-omo from the foot of' the mountains, and heard the crack of gu'tis. Tlie storm had nowquite abated, and' the rifles crackled sharply across the plain. One of the men fell, and the weapons he was carrying wore strewn upon the ground about him. He was a native, and one of his countrymen and one of the Hawkshlres seiz ed him and dragged lilm along the ground, (llnglng to their own piles of arms as tliey did- so. Another man dropped under the bulletn from the unseen rifles,, and he also was sup ported by the two men 'who were still unhurt. They were' burdened by the arms and ammu nition they were carrying, but they stuck to both them and. their comrade. . Goddard, standing on the roof of his house, watched the drama eagerly. Bingham, standing near him, was 'implorlng;tb,.iUetb,l-; lowed to rush out with, a handful of men '-'to bring tlie volunteers in. . But' Go'ddard would not hear of It. . "The worst," ho said, "Is over, and there's nothing more to fear unless tlie unseen' plot ters rush. They won't do that unless they're . seeking early graves, for they know how much farther the Lee-M6tford will carry than the Martini, and how much truer the bullet carries.- Banks," he said to a Hawkshire man near lilm, "load your magazine and bring tho rifle to me." — , ' The private did so,' arid' Goddard took the weapon. " What's that for?" asked Bing ham. ' "Youv eyes are not so sharp as mine." an swered Goddard, "or you. would have seen two dusky gentlemen crawling from the cover at the foot of' the Hills and stalking our party.' The men are now four hundred yards away: what plucky chaps they are, both Hawk- shires and natives, to. stlok'to their arms and ammunition in that way; and I reckon that the- would-be snipers are twelve, hundred yards off. I don't care for cold-blood potting, but that's what it will come, to if they don't have the sense to turn back while they may. I'll send them a warning note." He. raised his weapon, took careful aim, and fired at a spot where Bingham saw, as God dard had stated, two hillmen wriggling along tho ground with rifles in their hands. The major'3 shot went true, and raised a- little shower of mud and stones, near the pair. Seeing that they were discovered they sprung to their feet and instantly began to run across tho plain after the laboriously re tiring half-dozen. Their purpose was clear. It was to get within sure striking distance of the pnrty: from the village, then fire, and. run back to the she'ter of the bushes and gullies at the foot of tho mountains. "Madmen!" muttered Goddard. He raised his weapon and fired again. One of the hill men stumbled and fell to the ground. "I-Ilt through the ohest," reported Bingham, who had slung his glasses round and was watching the major's performdrice. The unwounded tribesman, regardless of his comrade, covered tlie retreating figures and discharged his Martini. His shot went wide, and he reloaded, kneeling' to take bet-, ter aim. Goddard covered him, and fired. The hill- radn toppled over, and Bingham stated that so far as he cou'd tell he also" had been shot through tlie body. "Send a sergeant and a dozen men to get our party in," said Goddard, quietly; "I'll keep an eye on these chaps. They're knock ed over for the moment, but they'll rise again and resume operations. I know of a ease of a hillman getting six Eee-Metford bullets Into hint before he fell. £u, they're up again. Well, It's their own look out." By this time the party, assisted by the men from the village, were again almost un der shelter. The two hillmen, being on their feet again, took deliberate aim at tho with drawing soldiers and fired as Goddard dis charged his rifle for the third time. He was an unerring shot, and one of the pair fell. "You've done It tills time," said Bingham. "He'll never shoot again." ' '' Go'ddard put his rifle down;- "What's the other going to do?" he usked. taking Bing ham's glasses. "He's mounted -on his com rade's body, and la defying the. lot of us. Now he's taking aim: pop down." Goddard and Bingham bent down, and an instant later a bullet . whistled over their heads. "Hand me up that rifle again," said God dard, and Banks did so. "I'll demonstrate practically to him .his folly in running suoh a risk as this." He fired again, then for the fourth, fifth, and sixth time, not at the figure, but round and about lilm. ploughing up fragments of the ground near him, and splashing some of the clayey soil into his very face. Still the liillmnn defied them. Goddard emptied ills magazine, and handed the weapon to the private. "It's a criminal waste of ammunition," .. he said, '.'and- I shouldn't have dared to do It If wo hadn't had our stock so unexpectedly reinforced noir. tne plain here, i wanted to Impress upon that dancing madman and the fellows who are to a dead certainty watching lilm -lroin the gullies und benmct the bushes the sort of shooters we really are. He hasn't got any more cartridges, and 1' couldn't kill him In cold blood. He shall walk ,off to his people and tell them of our prowess and .magnanimity. Now lie's going slowly away, dragging his dead comrade with htm." uoddard watei.ed the iilllman until he dis appeared, and the eyes of all the other un wounded men in the village also were fixed upon him. He took the body slowly to tlie foot of the hills, where unseen hands dragged it within shelter. Then he stood boldly forth, and after wav ing his hand defiantly at the fort withdrew himself, v.-lth the utmost deliberation, behind a rock. , "That," said Goddard, handing back Bing- linm's glasses, "is the sort of creature we've got to deal with, penned up in this mud vil lage, four or five days' march from Sadda oi- anywhere from which we could get a help ing hand. Smalt mercy we shall get If they .once secure the upper hand. It was mis taken magnanimity, after all, to spare his fife." He was quiet, for some time afterwards, ana stood with folded arms, gazing towards tlio pass up which they hud come. ' In spite of all his cheerfulness and hope, he eculd not but'- gee- that the present and the future were fraught with dangers which lie dared not contemplate too closely. His party had eonie up from Sadda with wonderful success and good fortune. How many would live to tell of what had happen ed waen they were beleagtired in tlie hills? CHAPTER XIV.'— IN PERIL. Goddard did nbt muse long. Essentially a limn of action, and reso.m:oe, he. knew -.that ih tho perll by- which they were surrounded any sign of weakness or wavering on ills part ' would have a disastrous effect on British as well as native troops, brave as both 'were. He. know also that he had got tlie oppor tunity for which he had so often longed, and that hero, if ever, was the chance to show of what stuff he was really made. Not mere physical courage was needed; he required in finite faith in himself und the means at. his disposal to get, free of his present danger or hold out until' assistance came. He had had his previous idea confirmed — that the hillmen, knowing of his advance, had withdrawn before him', believing that they were luring him to certain, .death,. and not understanding liis real mission. Having, him now far from his base, arid cut off 'from ail help, they were dealing with him swiftly and mercilessly. > Their attack at night— one from which they had hoped so much— had failed. They had suffered heavily themselves, and had In flicted little serious injury on- the garrison. Hundreds of their own people lmd been killed or wounded, whereas Goddard could almost number on the fingers, of Ills hand ills casualties. His defences, too, had held out In tlie most encouraging way, and devoid as they were of artillery of any sort, he had no 'oar of being overpowered in this respect. ,The_ walls were not too strong, but they af forded good resistance to a rush of tribes- men or their bullets. His men were in good health and spirits, hoping that within a dav or two a large force would be sent up from vSii a evu now be climbing up the hills with the mountain artillery and all else that wus needful to Inflict a final blow upon the foe. There wa3 a plentiful- supply of ammunition for the Lee-Metfordo, and when they had given out he could still fall back on the Martinis and the cartridges which had been collected. "There's good In all evil." he said cheerily to Bingham as he descended from the roof. T was disposed to curse the system that al lowed our enemies to be supplied with wea pons and ammunition made, not in Germany but In England; but see how it works out. Ave actually get some of these very means of detenco put Into our hands by a sort of Pro vidence. They're as welcome as if thev'd dropped 'direct from heaven, and are as good to us its reinforcements. It was worth while risking a few lives this morning to bring tliem In." "What do you propose to do?" Inquired Bingham. "Hold the fort, 'my boy— hold the fort— and fight. We've got to do - it, and there isn't a man in this mud villtigo Who doesn't know it. That's iny present Intention, and I shall stick to it unless I have a more brilliant in spiration than I expect. Perhaps a more ' dashing officer wouTd lead his troops out and .fight his way down the pas3, and I confess , that for many things I'd dearly like to do that. But' I'm satisfied that the best policy ' for the present Is to lie low, and .trust for better thingB. For see, If we go now we'll be gin lighting nt our very gales. Sonie of us fall — we can't help it— arid are left— we can't help that. AVe begin, as I say, at the very ' doors, for already I know ithat our friends have cut off our retreat. They've been swarming down the pass this morning. I saw It, if nobody else did, and I tell you that, : fight as we. might, we couldn't get through that lot. They'd meet us on their own terms in the lillls. At every turu we should have them to face with their wonderful kipping , powers mid their amazing knives. AVTten they couldn't get at us with their rifles from behind rooks .and tree3 where we couldn't even see a shirt of them, they'd roll rocks down upon us. ' It looks a bit f unny-r-from the mere description— riot much like proper warfare; but 1 know it of old, and it's a dead ly game. I've seem a rock from a steep slope make a bigger- gap in- a column than a mountain gun will make in a single discharge at any rate. As I say, we've got to hang on with a vengeance, and don't let us make any mistake about It. Now.' Mr. Bingham, you'll go' and get a snatch of sleep. Two-thirds of tlie party will do the same: and the rest will follow. Every wink of sleep that is got between new and tho arrival of reinforce ments will be got in the broad light of day, or not at all, so you may as well make the best of your opportunities. AVlten you've had your turn I shall have mine. And don't you," added Goddard, "try to remove any of tlie dirt from your features. We can't spare a. drop of water for any nonsense of that sort. If I'm' as bad as you, wo look like Christy minstwls." "You don't look beautiful," said Bingham, laughingly. '.'I wonder What your sister would say if she could see us." "Or yours," said Goddard. "Poor Elly, she'd be shocked enough, for she's rather hard on points of this sort. - It's a good thing that neither of them know exactly h'ow we are fixed. I'll warrant they don't sleep much as It Is— they wouldn't sleep at all In that case." Bingham left, and stretched himself upon a blanket on the floor of a small hut which he and Goddard shared as quarters. AVItliln a few minutes two-thirds of the garrison were lying down also, but thoy slept uneasily, .after the way of men who have their loaded rifies by them, und do not know the moment when they may be roused to use them. Goddard did not suppose that in the day light any attempt would' be made upon the village: but when the first batch of men had risen, and he wus directing tlutt the re mainder should snatch a little sleep lie no ticed that the tribesmen were making u move in force across the plain. Immediately he disposed ills men as he had done before, and with the same strict orders that not a round of ammunition should be wasted. He was more relieved than other wise that a day attack should be made. It enabled tlie assailants, It was true, to select the point at which they should deliver their attacks, but it also allowed him to cripple them as they eame across the open plain to the assault. Tho village was In the centre of tlio plain, with some few hundred yards of open ground on each Bide of It before the foot of the hill was reached. The enemy's plan Was to sur round and rush It from all points, arid at any- cost force an entrance to the huts. The hillmen poured upon the plain frrm gully and behind bush and boulder, and the gathering 'forces were Inspired by beat of drum and shout of men. Followers from tlie lillls above Had come, and thev with loud cries encouraged the fighting "men to go forth and conquer. Badly repulsed as they had been, they still came on with good heart, slowly nt first, then faster, ns they saw that no shot was fired from the village, . . - . (TO IIK COXTIS't'KD.) 