NOTES AND COMMENTS. An unsophisticated citizen advertised in yesterday's ' Kalgoorlie Miner" the loss of two pound notes, and offered a 10s reward for th< ir restitution. He might have saved the cost of the advertisement When a person on these fields now-a-days lights on a couple of notes meandering round the distr ct oil i heir own, he tells a r» belling con science to go outBide and play tops white he rams those notes into the deepest depths of the recc ptacle on the right-hand fide of his pants—and a camel has a bigger chance of playing 'Bule Britannia 1 sideways on a hautboy than a 10s reward has of briny ing (hose bits o' paper into daylight. One time was other* iee, but boom-time and slumptime morals are two decidedly different quantities. * » * * Who dares fay woman is not our equal ? The following 'West Australian" advertisement puts a clinker on the matter:— ' Boom, suit married couple or three batchers. Fourth house, Jubilee-ter., Hatfield-e*}., Beaconsfield.' If 8ny person knows one thing more than six it's the lady ' as has apartments,' so we can retire. Women is equal to two of us. * * * * Not very long ago an enterprising young man dweit in Kalgoorlie. In the good times he not only made money, but squandered it with both hands, doubtless thinking taat the miik and honey would flow on for ever ; but did not, and when hard times began to camp upon every man'B doorstep he found that the only constant visitor he could rely upon was the bailiff. He waa a hustler—a man who did not believe in laying down meekly whi st his enemies wa ked upon him, eo he pawned his best clothes and went forth dry blowing, and did better than the average digger, and his spirit waxed fat and he paid few of his debts, and would have gone along paying them if his creditors wou'd have given him the ghost of a chance, bat they wonld not; the limbs of the law hunte -1 him from the dawning to the gnng down of the sun, and even in the stilly hours of the night th*y were with hm, until his nature rebelled, and he decided that if hiB shaker' brought him any luck he would gather it in and quit the gilded West. He as not a man of many prayers as a rale, but he did pra? for a smile from fortune, and at last it came, in the shape of a big healthy nngget. It was morn wfien he unearthed the welcome stranger, and at nightfall he was on his way to Fremantle carrying his treasure with him. When he arrived at the coast he soon discovered ' that he was shadowed, but he determined not to be baffled. He bought some nitrate of silver and dyed himself biack, rigged himself out as an Afghan of the lesser class tnd touk a steerage pts s age to Adelaide under the name of Mahomet Islam, and so boarded thb steamer. There he squatted in the forward part of the ocean greyhoun-i placidly smoking his pipe, whilst the detectives tumbled over his very feet locking for him, and looking in vain. Six hours after the vessel cleared the port he rose and cast his Afghan' garments into eptune's bosom and walked forth a free nd a merry man, and it is very doubtful if he gilded Westland will ever again bthold is smiling face, and his creditors will gather nothing more substantial than his blessing. * • * * To-day one of the best police officers this field haB known will quit us in the perecn of Sergeant »-ellenger, who goes towards the coast. The sergeant was, and is, a real clean kind of a white man, snd we will miss him very badly, for he had a happy knack of doing his duty in a workmanlike, unostentatious fashion, fearing no man, favoring none, and the Mi HER fervently hopes that his name may soon rank amongst the list of commissioned officers in this colony, for he has earned promotion by the sweat of his brow and the iruit of his brains. May he £oon gather in his harvest. He was a dirty, untidy-looking tramp, and he lilted into the bar and looked around him wistfully. He had the general air of a black's dog hunted by school boys, and trouble sat as naturally on his dirty face as a sitting hen perches on tggs. He looked at the landlord and sighed wtarily, then he put his elbows on the bar and said,' Did you ever hear tell of a man named Doolan V 'Yt s,' replied the beer dispenser, 4 1 have heard the name of Doolan.' 1 That's me,' sighed the dejected one. 1 You is it,' said Boniface, * which Doolan are yon 1 I've heard of several in my time ?' The Joafer stratched his unshorn chin and meditated; then he smiled sweetly, and pushed an empty pewter coaxiugly towards the beer jerker, remarking, ' Fill that for me, sonny, and I'll tell yer how to work a miracle.' The landlord grinned, and taking up the slop- bucket full of stale beer, cigar ends, matches, and general bar sweepings he filled the bummer's pint-pot to tLe brim, and grinned again as the dirty one drank it. Then he said,' Now Doolan, what about that mir acle V Doolan almost wept as he spat out the cigar ends. Then he said meekly,« Would you like to be able to raise up the dead mister ?' ' Baiae the dead ? Why yes, of course, that would be something like a miracle.' 1 Well then,' said Doolan. aB he edged to wards the door, 'you jnst serve up such d stuff as that you gave me and see if even a corpse won't forsake his bier,' and he fled with a chuckle aB he dodged the empty pewter that the beer jerker sent after him. 