THE LIGHT THIAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told alout the powers psessed by certain natives of India, who live tip among the Himalaya nountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing alsot. Lately a German professor visited the "odepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with hims to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place ws as sdark as the bottom of a well. " I c.a't see to read, here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and inmmediatetl (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. lie could ntot tell whlence it came, hnt lie noticed it had one strange quality-it east tat the ligqhte?t shadore. Thit story is hard to believe, yet its truth is nflirmued hiy a man of vast learning and high character, and snu who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights ,you have seen have cast shadows. Beliefor unlhelief cotuonlyh runns parallel with one's own experience. l)r. Johnson snitffed at the accouit of the Lishon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A Inan who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell hint of isa medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example: " In the spring of 1888," writes our cor respondent, "I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low- spirited and out of sorts. At irsLt mnl stomach was deraniged, my, appetite por, andl after cat ing I hadl pain andl weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequ ently spat isp a sour fluid, and also hitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept tip with my work, liut had always a sense of discotnfort. Offand on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I ha taken only a few sloses I foundl relief; my foodl digestedl, andl grdunlly all nervousness left me. Althoung I hls no reason at first to feel any con ilenee in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over diselase. Sintc my recovery, for which 1 thank Mother Secigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the lwst of healthaln spirits. Int the interests of sut lerisg hulmantity I deem it a duty to selnd you this testimony. (Signed) D. Gritliths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of diflerence between iMr Grillith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast cast no shaow. The latter miay e tnle enough, but it cannot be veri lied without more trouble tlhan it is worth. On the other hand we have it trustwsorthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystie or magi. cal aboult Mother Seigel's fyrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symip. 1toms, fortes or phirases of thait universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and paln had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. Andi that is why people believe all that is told of its suerss pri eager witnesses. 