CHATTER XIII.- CoiraiKDi». "Ail"thatIbmthought «*, and In that iircct line die mnu to have barred my way herself. If she-bad appeared to ime as a seeker after social elevation, I oouldhave addressed her before .this. But, successful in such a course, I would have . at once reduced my. high estimate of her character." "It la certainly a matter hedged With difficulties. This is a tree country, a wonderful country I and its education brings out worth and character at times,. But it also openi .wide the door to adventurers. There certainly is a higher plana of life, even here, jsiaerenotl^ . 'i VYes, mother—ifyonbad lived in Solomon's time, the QueenofSheba would have como to visit you and neglected the king." But ilrs. North was In earnest now; her son wnstbs stake, and she loved him too deeply to treat the subject of his destiny lightly. "And while the sodal plane," she continued, "which is established on a high grade, has many of low degree upon it, thrust there by fortune, still, must we not be wary, lest we suffer by sudden folly!" "Mother, you are wise—and good. Surely you can help main such a case." "We will at least be just to the child we are weighing in the balance." ' "Even it Diana Is great ." said the son. "But Diana can pnt many thorns in the pathway where love treads—if ehe willsend society generally wills." "Yon are a philosopher and a poet, too," replied the son, "and I could not appeal to both in Tain." "Hush, boy; if yon are impertinent I Trill not tall you a plan I have in mind." "I know yonr plan already," he retained, confidently. "And what is it!" "You will invite ITfss Lomont to visit you when I am away—and your good judgment will guide yoti. Hen I will appear upon the scene at another time." "That is a good suggestion. I will act up- «n it." "And, mother," the boy urged, with something the matter of his voice, "you will not criticise too hard a young woman whose training has been on a distant sea const?' "I do not think, from what I saw, that die needs criticism. She appears a lady born." The son arose from his chair, took his mother's hands, kissed her, and said something about the usefulness of mothers in general. As he reached the door he turned and said; "I vrill return from Philadelphia Monday and come directly to tbe house. I am informed it will be better to bring the insurance funds direct to the house—there has been information lodged with the city police that some desperate characters are looking around our office. If I send a package up, put it in the muniment room and I will have f. night watch here." He closed the door and was off. The nert day a carriage was driven wound the bay, a servant bearing a little note to the cottage of Mrs. Jennie Smith. It read as follows: My Dear Miss Lamont: It is my wish to become better acquainted with you, and make it pleasant for you to attend future assemblies. My son will be away over Sunday. May I send the carriage for yon at 2 p. m„ and have you to lunch with me alone? I lead a quiet life, and I wish to talk with you in a good old-fashioned way. If you will accede to my wishes JJDU will confer a favor. Your friend, CATHERINE NORTH The reader, some of him er her, will say that Miss Helen Lomont rushed off to Mrs. Jennie, and, dashing into her lap, read the letter in a whirlwind of delight! and that immediately the little cliarmer hugged the girl unto suffocation, and,—wrote a poem. fyit Helen was not that land of a girl. She smoothly drew a pair of scissors from the derter pocket, deftly trimmed off the edges of the perfumed envelope—snch as they had in those days—laid it wide open, and wrote thereon as follows, while standing in the ball, at least twenty feet from a mirror: KXKD MACAU—Your note finds me unprepared to reply to your kindness, save in this manner. lam deeply grateful, and shall be very happy to come to your beautiful home again ana at the time mentioned. I am, gratefully yours, HELEN LAMONT. When Lady North received this reply, somewhat ingenious in its construction as to papetierre, .her first thought was that th« child was a little artful, • But as the vision of the girl.herself,'u she hsd seenher on the night of the assembly,-Toss in her mind she feltassuredthat the stepjras-a kindly one, even itlf were a little deceitful—in the interest of that stalwart son of hers. . {Sunday afternoon came. And so did Miss Helen Lamont. She was welcomed at the door by the lady herself. No, Mrs. North did not Bead the "first girl" to usher Helen into the recaption room, and then sail in upon her with an overpowering sweetness an<l gusbl She simply opened the inner door of the vestibule herself; smiled sweetly, as a Ifdy of years and silver hair only can smile; took tbe young lady, as a .good mother would, by the hand, helped her take off a Jittle outer shawl and other accoutorments known only to the feminine militia. Then ehe took her to the neatest little down-stairs attiring room and adjusted all tbe necessary attachments of female togglemept. And then they both sailed hand In hand into ~th»—notStha" erahd; .parlor—but into" the library! IK | 2"$* f *.• - *.. t And there they sat for an hour, and then a little dimity-dressed maid came to the door and quietly said: "Lunch is ready." . By that time they went into the dining eoom, not hand ta hand; but iritb her arm around the girl's slender waist, Mrs. North drew Helen close to her side and said, with' a benign goodness in her eyps: "Come, my dear, , we will lunch together all alone^-just as if we'were the only peopl e in th* world.*'. And so they went to the great, heavy table. But what, thepv ate is nothing, to.us. . What we want is to' know what they said daring that fijjrt that--the nlce little Lady North shbmd'/oldSjer graceful arms about her as though she. bad loved her for years—that the wealthiest' stock in Boston Aotildfold a struggling child of the world within its gold leaves. It would be highly affected upon our part to represent the conversation as "soulful." It waa pradsely the.contrary. And that • was the reason Mrs. North was drawn by 1 the bands of love. The conversation rose to the Ugh plane of tbe weather, present and expected, and the influence of Washington society upon dress—and finally Helen felt •o modi at home that ehe Jutnpedop on her: feet and developed the usual hysterics over the white lnise in the -deep window frame. Andrea, as Miss Helen wai an artistthe lady North exhibited the'line of famous cortnltz, with tho then familiar nanus of fESsoni artist*. ••< And then—f)i,<gi9ther, you knew ;when!— tfe»n . JUdr;Norih picked np • little gilt- •dfedbook, bound in lovely relvet, and ro- "IbU If* little work myaen has written *-ea 'fltoom In Oosan CarTiate.'_Of coarse . this one was bound specially for me." ,- >. Mis; Helen took tbe book, opened it, and then eat down by the window under the lilies and ran a few pages through her fingers. "Now," said Mrs. North to herself, "I can see to what extent she is intellectual,'' and at the same time she smiled at her own deceitf ulness. Thus far she bad been won by her gentle manner. "I should like to read this book," Helen said, almost as bluntly as tnough speaking to a companion in years and station. "My dear, it is about commerce—and fields where men study out great national problems." "Yes, and I would like tOTead them and study them." "But it is! about new things—new railroads and newtem'tories." 1 "But it is about the future! To what a wonderful future we are coming. I am BO thankful that we may live.to see it!" and at this point the girl's face glowed with animation "Yes. child, you will see it." "And you, too, I am sure. And your son will. He shows here by a table of progressions that the tonnage of our commerce will soon be the greatest of any of the powers! And here," she continued, turning over to another chapter, "be states that great parallels of railroads will soon be built to the Mississippi River into the territories. I believe that, too." "You do? Why, I don't know anything about such things. Are there no railroads there now!" "To me," said the girl warmly, "there is a glory iu being the creator of 6ucb a development of one's country. I wish I were a man!" And then she laughed at the hardihood of a young girl wishing such ungentle things. Tbe expression may have sounded ill to old-fashioned Mrs. North, but tbe laugh forgave it nlL • "Why a man?" she asked of Helen. "Because—because—oh, there is a weakness about us. We are looked'upon a good deal as a curiosity. I suppose tbe wish to to be unsexed is rather immodest, is it not?" "Not if you simply wish to have greater strength—I think the assertion of a strength which we do not have is unfortunate." "Sometimes," said Helen thoughtfully, "I wish I was stronger—not that I wish to do things out of reach, but to do my work better. I often start out upon the street, full of hope and joy at tho chance to do something, and as I move alongHO buoyantly some man will pass me and by manner remind me that I am but a woman after all." "Then, being a woman," suggested Mrs. North, "would it not be lietter to be less ambitious?" "I think so. I often wish I were ngly or feature—so that people would look at me no more than young men." "If you have beauty, does it not draw friends to you?" said the elder lady, gently reprimanding the self-assumption of beauty. "Yes; but don't you think that hard labor and propriety would bring friends?" "Do you find the industrious and the good about you successful bec&u;^ of their earnestness? Are not many unfortunates worthy of better tilings?" "Yes," replied the girl. "In my daily work I am placed beside faithful workers who are borne down to the very earth with misfortune. I am happier than they only because I have hope." "And skill," added Mrs. North. "My son thinks you have a great future, and takes an interest in your work." After this experimeutal reference the lady watched Helen's face very closely. But the latter replied at. once, without the slightest change of color or accent: "I think be must be, he seemed so much interested iu that {minting at the academy. . Why, the academy has addressed a note to me asking me to sell it to them, aud also to meet a committee soon to arrange about other paintings. I half believe your son has brought 6ome nf this about." "I think not," said the mother, "because he has told mo nothing of it." "And do sons tell their mothers all about such matters! I thought that was confined to daughters." "Mine does—but then, there is only one Conrad," and the proud woman looked down upon thB floor. "How delightful one year with a mother would be," sighed the glr). Then her eyes wandered, and with adreamy gaze looked far oqt to Bea and restod upon a single sail, receding into that world beyond our horizon. And -both had their thoughts; and each locked them in their own bosoms where no intrusion could startle them into being. When Mrs. North's eyes were lifted she said: "You have no mother?" "Nor brother, nor sister." "What is it, then, that sustains you in your labors?" "God." The dear old lady was startled. Her own religious sense was deep and warm. Hesitating a moment to get the full significance of the declaration, she said to the earnest girl: "I am anxious to ask you a question." "Do, please; I already know bow kind yon are." "Who reared you so gently—and how came you by these thoughts you have uttered?" "If I have them," said Helen modestly, "they are due to an uncle and aunt who reared me from a child—on the coast of Maine." "And he was a minister?" "Yes, and unfitted for this world—so God took him." "And you have no one to love or lean upon!" "No; but I do not feel tbe need of more than such priceless friendship as you show me. My work keeps my heart from other pursuit*.*! ''Arid you grow stronger, don't your' "Ob, yes," she answered with a smile. "The world is so full of beauty and nature, to fullof wonderj that I find .study for every , hour^f imljf some people didn't suiter," she • add«L' thinldng 'bf Winriip :«nd tbe work- V --J tw tXi " You are a strange girl," said the mother, looking at her with gentle eyes. "Do you think so?" " I hope that you will never lose that tender sympathy for tbe unfortunate—I can see why you painted the " Angel of Sympathy I" , "jCan- you-t^ But^you. jvill jiever forgive me for talking so miich." c \'»f , i s ( •. ""Talk 'aivay,'"'eiifl thB' jfiothWr "It delights me. Some day you will be a mother, and you will listen to the_brave words of those who have thelrlife to tread—as I do now. The time will come, though, when, with ell your strength ,and character, ypu .. wjH^eah upon another." '• ., r ; 1 toleh taitbe'r fcyes'to seaTigfln. The "sail - bad gone beyond her vision. "Yes—yes—it Is possible—and it- is fate. But it will be very hard for me."" ••.<'(. "Why, chAdr sild Mrs. "North Svith Some •urprlas. < "Because I am unfortunate. To be born ja laborer in the fi^teonefwho feels eatlsfijedwith bis humtie4At» %na happy wife, would be happiness. Or to be born in the purple, and find your surroundings fitted to your tastes, would be joy. Bat to be on tbe earth with wings too email to fly, and yet hungor for flight, thsit isa hardship." "But you will love just the same.' I. did." "To love aboveyoti would be unfortunate," said Helen, "and to love beneath .us is still worse—itseems so tome."-; ., ! Mrs. North, of phoice, 'would npt have uttered another word. Tho earnestness of the girl was tho guaranty of its truth. The sub. jeot was closed when she remarked: "But the demands of the heart'will cbme tome day—and come in power. You vriU not deny it then. It will come." ' Then it was that the little "dimity maid" opened the door and brought them down to the world of reality and cold chicken, with that remark: "Lunch is ready. 1 * When late at night the following Monday Conrad North came home, and retired to bis room, he found upon tbe table a little note. Heheldituptothe'ligbta moment, then broke toe wax seal, and opened it. It was from his mother. MY DEAR SON-—You have a task before you. But you will have your mother's prayers for 6UCC0S5. Hope lightly, and may God CHAPTER XIV. N>"KT£ HAS JU» ADVENTCA1S. INNIE was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh .when he must organise bis infant faculties into some line of action for maintenance. He had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his bed a'diflerent person in one respect—he could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, aud his step was still unsteady. But his features \--i-i. longer expressive of vacancy, aud his step was not shambling. His white forehead and finely molded mouth and chin gave promise of considerahlestrengtb. How often at night heasked after the welfare of Winnie. This pleased Helen, and her pictures of the girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affection. It may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed island daughter, with her "iss," and "wass," and sweet Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Pinnie. One day Pinnie was feeling unusually depressed—he felt that be was becoming n burden to the household. All were glad to see him so well, and to hear him rattle off " literature" with more'or less readiness. But the fact that he was a non- supporting mem-' ber of the group was painful. So, one day, when Helen returned from ber labor, which still continued, sbe'found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, and read as follows: Dear Miss Helen: I thought I ought to get something to dn. So I have borrowed a little money of Mr» Smith, and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him and see if be knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do. PINNIE. Mrs. Smith bad gone into the city shopping, and had not returned, and the maid of all work knew nothing of Pinnie's going. Eight o'clock and Mrs. Smith both came, and still no Piiinie. But at half-past 8, just as tbey were becoming alarmed, a note came from Mrs. North stating that "Mr. Finnic" would remoln there over night. At the North castle it bad been a dull dn y. Tbe light remark made by Conrad about a threatened raid on the down town office worried Mrs. North. Being forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, what may he called the "feminine shadow" hung over her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge clock in tbe hallway had just struck 2, when the heavy knocker on the heavy door sent a chill through her sli jit frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mrs. North wns at the head of tbe old-fashioued staircase The door was opened. There stood a pale, lank, pickly-looking woman in masculine raiment—at least that waB what Mrs. North suspected. The large, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon the doubtful Mr., Bonar, who stood for a moment without saying a word, as if waiting directions from his mistress. And when Bonar did spring him with a question, he did it carefully, so as not to scare him away in case he were a real ghost "An' phwat kin I do fer the likes o 1 yerl" "Can you tell me, mister, if Mr. North lives here!" "Indade, soor, an' we kin do that," returned the Irishman, withoutofferingthedesired information. On the long piazza, or porch, near the outer door, was a buge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnie almost tumbled into this, much to the anxiety of the man. "Och, me Ieddy, the lahd is sick." Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Pinnie: "My boy, are you ill(" "l have been, Mr^. North, but I am only so tired now. I walked from the ferry."' "Bonar will bring you into the house"— and, as she said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with tbe threatened burglary. "But then," she reflected in en instant, "that was at tbe down town office and surely this youth would not be au agent insuchworkl" Then she said aloud: "You speak my name, but I do not remember to have met you, do you know me!" "Yes, I know you from the words of Miss Lamont. I came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell me what to do, probably." "Are you the sick person of whom Miss Lamont told us!" To SB COHTTVTtED be with you. MOTHER. 