" •CHAPTER. III. THE MAN WITH A RKMAIttCAM,B .COtKini 0\V, Pinnie, wo are goiug to tny littlo bprao. If you were a young. woman in stead ot a. great nwkwal'fl boy, you could go' io my Toom odd: sooJali my arfc-» . ist >vgi'jt.M • • . ; , big, , and . 'aw)iw^i;d;'"..sai(l,tUo tiU'udrtf'' youth','' "I" < thoogS'tr 1-^as riot' so.iAi'Jb." • > JIUs L!»«nont laugh cdAuiu'tily as Fiunio cast. Tiis oyes down ■ up(m Ms loose slooCes, and undertook to •''moduliitfl.'Y-his-"wall;to tho gracofuj movoiivmt-of Illscompanion. But hoi: laugh was. hushed to sUonco ap she., roalixecl that. tho, boy find uoyoc yet hud oc casion to peuett'at-o tlio diip't lis Iff a jok'o. "Uro will tako a Cub," siiKl lioion. "If it is not too fur, Miss Holeu, I. would .like to walk." . "Oh yes, it is but a niilo or'fAvo.J1 • ' "I am sure it would not. bo.inucii to walk that," mused tho youth, looking at tho thou . ■ .tiund objwits around him.with an unconscious interest. The young girl smiled, awl her eyes buam od as tliuy rested upon the strango boy. Mho • had never scon a porson so simple-minded and innocont of the world. She thought to rouso him to something like gnioty by her merry maiinor.mid sprightly conversation. It was a fail uro. His sober eyes sought hers in silence, without question. ■ His oll'ort to ■{■i conform his notions to her oivn was n trifle painful, but in tho matter of merriment bo inado no attempts. Ho had seen it in others —tho faculty may havo boon omitted in his nature. ■ In this walk Pinnio told -his Story, littlo reeking that its single chapter\yosto prove of profound and tragic interest to Helon Laniont. All that ho could tell was that big parents had beeil lost at sea'wh'ilo ho w-'as an infant,' and that ho. was saved by being picked from the deck and tossed into a boat into tho midst of sailors. Ho had heard that ho was a year old at tho time. Whoro his . infant lifo had boon .passed he. never . knoWj,. Hi* pari jest recollection was of a ... :hugo,stono b.uijding, and. ot.bouig. taken -. '■.tbrojigh tho streets therefrom ■ by Loon •-Wpanevo.±io.iiad, tieeiji tp.iu many limes by Bpauoro, when angry, that ho had taken iii.a froin "an orphan lioll whou a brut." Evon hisname was unknown to him. No 0110 had over told him why lie was called Pinnio—lie had no other name—unless it w.ere Spanero; and Spaneroliad knocked him down onoo for using that titlo 011 an occas'.on where a second nnmo seemed desirable. ■ "And have you never worked nnywhero .else?" asked the girl, who had listened to the .story with great intorest. "No, becauso Spanoro always told me about it. Sometimes ho speaks to mo kind ly." "Told you about what!" asked the young Woman. , "About how'cubs'were worked to death us soon 11s possible to make way for now ones." "Aud you bolioved this!" said Helen, looking iiito his'faeo in profound wonder. "He knocked me down if I10 thought I did ... not believe -what he told me." "And have you never talked with the other painters during all these years?" asked the 1 astonished girl. ' "I heard one-of tho men say once that j Spanoro told him that I was a little daft oneo and had never recovered. I asked Spanero -what ho meant by 'daft' afterward, and ho flew at 1110 with his knife. So I never asked again." -Helen looked at the boy for a moment and for an instant it occurred to her I hat possibly , he was not of strong mind. But of all the toilers at tho school, sho had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of him. . Then Pinnio recalled her to tho topic, "Is it not true!" "What, Pinnio?" "That men kill boys by working them to ! death if they have no parents?" ' : , 1 "No," said tho girl, indignantly. "Pinnie, did you really nover havo any one to lovo you?" ... - .. "To what?" ho asked with a curious: look on his face. "To lovo you—like you?" "Oh, yes," lie said sadly, "I think your, pictures lovo 1110. I stay by them after you go at night. " .. . . Tho girl turned upon liini in the street,' and a pallor spread over lior face—followed by deep crimson flushes, evon to hor snowy -! neck. What did this childish talk mean— what iniquity had thoro beou here' that this mystery of life should appear in , tho vory i heart of a city? "Pinnio!" "Yes, Miss LanVont." But she did not continue. Was it possible, * aftqr all, that tho boy was of unsound mind? Sho changed tho" subject. . And so thbyV walked and talked until thoy reached tho outskirts of tho city. . "Pinhie,". sho said, "I am doing all tho talk ing—do' you never chat?" : "No,-1 think not." . . "But I know there is a deep.thoughtin you soinpivhero?" ' Ho turned Jus eyes away, and slowlywhis poredj'"There may havo been once, but I have lost it." : "No, Bmue, it is not lost—it is laid aside .. for all those years, aud wo will find it." "Miss Lumout," tho boy replied with a' heavy heart, "1 sometimes think so. Rather • ••.tho fooling is present whon I do not think." • i.... .Helen-had soon aliko expression on his face • • —ronco -wJioiii ho looked upon a painting, of. hitnsolf, which she hud quickly put 011 canvas • for amusement. Th.e intellectuality had been' i painfully magnified, 'but from that picture ". ; Pinnio had'caught an inspiration. ; J Shesaul nothing to him.- Ho dropped the ;. hand- that ho lmd taken, and continued, speakiug'slowly and Carefully: • "There are tithes when the dream life you ■ havo spoken of goes away^-imd a big doorX opous* wido, and I seo that I havo lived ih, :: prison^-and whBn'l.wont to go out :I-7-I-kj daronot." V. .;| : Still-she uttxsrod .not a word. : Sho -was not j suro of hor footing in such depths. 1 -The i 1 dream of hfo of . which sho liad spoken was 1: niado up of .pletisa'nt hopes playing hido-and r seek with the cdmmou facts of life. ■ -Then I-dare not—I— He broke ofE, and began'again. • : "Idardnot step beyond—but I think, some times, very, very, hard—of what, I hardly 1\. know." :»Still .'Helen-kept silenco—:wise .unto the -moment. • .. ' •• —I think of those who havo seon and talked .with tho childron, and tho (lowers, and the .woods, .which we paint.. And I think that , porhaps if I had'seen tho groat sea, and tho . ships, and tho life your and otliors talk'of— .-.then I might have thought—is that the sea, Miss Lamont? Is it? That is the seal" ' He had lifted his eyos—and they- rested upon tho wators of tho bay, in sight of which thoy had come by tho turning of a corner. They stopped. Ho stood motionless aud speechless, and with flxod staro and hands to his oyos, shut out the othor world—and gazed upon tho realm of wators—unconscious of her presence. Oh, sad awakening I In all tho upheavals and ovorturnings of after life, whon tho • electric impulse aroused fear, lovo or passion, Helen Laniont. never felt such a thrilling of profound sympathy, uugor, surpriso and mystery as at this discovery of human ■ wrong. The facta revealed wore still in the . shadow—but hor soul revolted against- tho outline—representing the! dvvarfago of this ' lifo. . Sho stood by him for a moment aud . caught her breath. " Pinnio, Pinnie, my poor boy, what does it mean ?" sho. cried. "It is tho ■ sea, tlio groat seal" Lilco tlio itrevolations of tho lightning in tho darkness . was.thesuddon chango from sadnass to joy upon liig faco. "An'd why do you say this?" aslted Helen, suppressing hor own feelings. ■ "Of course it is tho sea." But within her breast there naw.ned a fuller conception of tho awful crimo against this waxen-fared youth. Pinnie turned his faco and plodded 011, bent over and thoughtful. He had gazed : upon the ocean, and his soul was filled as with tho realization of a dream. Ho was un conscious of tho girl by his side. >S®,o walked 011, deeply niystilleil. At last ho'spoko to hor without lifting his head: "And, Miss.Lamont, this is thogreou grass —andthis is tho country of our paintings!" "No, Piunio, this is not tlio country; seo here are buildings!" "A few, so far apart;," I10 muttered, look ing at the residences within tho largo suburb an lots. "Aud thoro aro flowers—not paint ed, aro thoy? I can suioll thoml" And I10 loaned over a fonco in transport to catch tho rich porfmno lie had nover known bot'oro! Tho timo had como when Helen could bear the uncertainty 110 longer. Sho put her white hand 011 his arm and said earnestly: "I do not understand you, Pinnio. Do you mean that you havo novor seon tho sea bo fore?" "I havo often heard of it. My life bo gon 011 tho sea—it; was my birth-place, I supposo." •> And you have not soon it for a long timo?" "I novor remomber to have seon it." "How? And lived iu this city for years." "I havo livod at tho school," Pinnio ro pliod. . . "And you havo not seen tlio flowers and tho woods?" , "Oh, ye?, ; T wo tlmm ovnry day —you know," said lie; looking at hor sur prised. ... ••• , "Then why have you nut .-.ecu I he sen. "Oh," ho responded, with mine hesitation, "You mean these, the living trees mid llow 'ors! I—I—hiivo seen the—the painted llowers." Tho tono and the look—out into tho world be fore hira—would have touched a slimy heart wnil pity. To the melting licart of the lovaty ' girl, herself battling for life in the opon world, it was crushing. She wept. Tho shadows of ovening were gathering about them, and no one was near. Shu had open ed the door of a prison houso, of tho exis tence of which she was unconscious, and still to some extent unbelieving. Tlio reality ' was boyond immediate relief. Oh, of man's : sad want—this was the most' touching she liad over kuown or dreamed. It was tho : -larvation of a soul. : "Miss Lamont,".he said, after her tears ■ -ore dried. ''I think I know something of hv yon cry. But your life must bo happy <tth nil these riches!" ■'I liavo .no riches, child," she replied. "Tlieso are the riches of others," pointing to tiie houses and gardens. "I have nothing but my hands and thoughts." •'Riches," ho muttered. "I have seen tho woods and llowers and the sea—what uro riches, Miss Helen, that others have and wo do not? Where are they?" "I cannot tell you now, Finnic. But all these things that you seo uro not ours." "God does not give them away, I suppose," said the young man with' tho simplicity of a lit.l lo child. "Why, IJiimie, yon must have read of tlieso things," exclaimed tho girl suddenly. ".No, 1 cannot read." "You? You cannot read?" she naked in ;ustonishinont. "No ma'am," lJinnio answered, hanging his head. "You never told me this. X would have taught you." "1 was going to tell you. Are we near your homo. Miss Lamont?" "Yes, Finnic, it is close by." "May I not rest here a little? This is a great ways. I did not know tho miles wore so long." Tho boy sat down on the edge of the pave ment, under tbo oak tree, which still remain ed of tho primeval wood, within a few rods of the house whither they, were going. He looked again upon the sea and tho woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. Then up rose tho moon, in its full, silvery splendor. The glory of the scene swept over him with au incomprehensible powor. He ..bad seen its, beauty oft before, set round with brick walls, but now, rising from the wateu with its sheeny banner trailing over the brond waters, was a. picture for which there wns no language within his powers. Ho was glorified, and spread his arms over tho vista, as if the sublitn ■ ity - might in' some degree escape him. Truly," the" grandour of the,-universe was poured into bis soul, and all the infinite pos sibilities of a mysterious naturo overwhelm ed him.. He sank down upon the walk, cov ered his fnce with his hauds and- wept, for • what he know not. . In the presence of thisnew and Wonderful rovelation'to the soul of tho youth, Miss . Tjamont withdrew a dfstanco—and witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart—tbo ovorpowering sense of the \- majesty of God filling a soul: for the first time! Butan end must come—and any descent from such hights of contemplation , on the pare of either tho enthralled youth or tbo ' silent witness, must be painful. She came to him; touched his arm; and said: •'Come, it is night; we must go." He rose mechanically—and walked by her side as an automaton.1; Ho looked neither to the rigtit hand nor the left, but trudged on. ' They reabhed the gato. As he stood by to let her eutortmd load the way, a long hollow cough,startled;him. from reverie. Looking .up bo,saw-an:,aged; ;bent, vthin, gray-haired ; man about to pass.. , Lrf Vliiaccountllblo ihijt.incl, which is a "t part tjf our bettor-Hafure, the old man Jilted : his eyes to' nod a passing recognition—and : immediately brought his shambling feet to a ,,dead.halt^. He riveted a.cold, gray, cunning .pair of .sto;iiy'oyes on tho youth, but not a .inu^le'moved on his pallid, yet ashen' face. The youth returned the steely stare with the unflinching look of innocence, and ignorance, and wonder. What was tho fascination in those livid featuresj; A sickly faintnesscame over, liim—he swayed to ouo side, and would have fallen had not the old man with sudden energy grasped the. youth with unnatural strength.' ' Taking himby both shoulders he gasped, with a hoarso whisper: "I have you .now!" v.. Helen, who had gone before to the door, slirieked'at the sight oC. this sudden assault, i - and rushed to the gateway. , But the old man had fled,, and Pinnie lay upon the... ground. As the apparition took wings in the gathering gloom, ho loft as the only legacy of mystory tho oxclamation: '■My. Ctod, itis not a ghost—not a vision 1" ■ and a hollow cough echoed back as he passed ..into the gloom. • : CHAPTER IV. . . ''WILKINS AND THE.rOKT. . ' r IL/ICINS was a . phil osopher, whoso search for tha -"higher.;: life" was continuous. i:Ho ; was a politician, ; wlioso mission it was to i purify the -uncleanly ; pool, ami whoso high est;ideal of political i reward was ft foreign mission. > Ho possessed . that spirit of ceasoless activity -which obliged liim to be always busy. Andihud iiot,niod. eru philosophical investigation occupied his ..studious, hours,, ho .doubtless would have found solace in tho quadrnturo of the circle; duplication of the.cube, or some other mind- . wrecking theme. But in overy channel of : his nature thero ran a current of old-fnsliion : ed goodness. : . ,IIo might havo.been'40 yeai's;of ngo at tho timo this story makes his .aquaintance, .and the (juict run of his conversation was like the i llow of a'river broad riud debp—and slow. I -Wilkins was'in love. At a littlo cottage , in tho suburbs-qf Boston ho was summoned to 'moot oue'of the sweetest and most charm injj' littlb widows that tho heart masculine ever wai'red against, aiul surrendered to. His summons was of a legal nature, and had nothing to do with , the profound sentiments of dual unitios. The littlo lady was literary—one of those harmless ones, who can do a littlo' in verso and still sigh for 110 worlds to conquer. She was so fortunate onco as to havo one of ;lier compositions accepted by that critical -'all wool quarterly," which not only published , the bright, seedling, but spoko well of it—just as if an oditor would publish anything ho ".'but,1 9ai1) h15lkn", 'will you ijkt me read koh my hoalu)!1" wouldn't think woll of I Nieo littlo, plump littlo, sweet little Mrs. Jennie Smith was not upset, howovor, by her success—that; is, not completely. For dirt sho not discover that the bald-headed raven who gathered in tlio scented note papor had prepared tho motor in cortain linos and mortified tho rhyme in others? ' (TO BB 1.0NMN0ED.) 