A DOCTOR'S STORY. "We were three friends very comfort ably domiciled in a single suiteof rooms on B street, in near vicinity to the L Medical College, which we at- tended. ; One of us was Hollander a gentle manly, handsome- youth, of too tender a nature for a doctor,, we thought, but a very accomplished fellow in his studies, nevertheless. Tbe second of our trio was a thlck- tongued, red- faced Russian, whose fierce eyes, shaded by long lashes, gave an Impression of evil always dispelled when bis white teeth and good nature were revealed in a very pleasant, smile. He was remarkably arduous in his pursuit of knowledge, and sometimes scrupled not to resort to questionable means, which were betrayed to us by his muddy boots and clothing when he re-appeared after a night-long absence, introverted and unquestioned. As for myself, let it suffice to say that although my fortune was meagre my heart was light, and ignorant of any graver care than the preparation for to morrow's recitations. While Hollander was studying, and the Russian experi menting, I am afraid I was too often found perusing some light love-tale or thrumming my guitar. My idle spirit was as deaf to Hollander's friendly ad monitions as to the Russian's grunts of scornful disapprobation But the tranquil tenor of my life was abruptly terminated by a disturbing in fluence I had never anticipated, when one fine afternoon I fell in love with Es- telle Grayton. To end the tale of my enthralment in the fewest words, I availed myself of many opportunities for meeting the fair Estelle, and in no long time the influ ence of a passionate, abiding attach ment infiltrated my entire being, and was not, I felt assured, unreciprocated. I was little disturbed by my friend Hollander's good-natured raillery, but I felt so sharply nettled under the Rus sian's coarse banter, that I would often' ' retort in the bitterest terms, and appear so distressed that the twinkle in Hol lander's eyes gave place to a look of sympathy and reproof, by which the Russian was awed into silence. At this juncture of my affairs I re turned one evening from my accustomed visit in a most forlorn and wretched ' mood. Estelle was ill. I could learn nothing more from the servant than that she was delirious; and, though tor mented by an insatiable thirst, she suf fered the severest spasms at the mere sight of water. I stood' for an hour or more watching the shadows which passed across the curtains of her cham ber window, like clouds across the bright firmament of my happiness. The next evening I learned that she had been taken away for more skilful treatment of a disorder which threatened her life; whither, the ser vant, who was our sole confidant, was uncertain, and apparently without any good reason for hfr belief that it was to France. I was inconsolable and fret ful y intolerant of the kindly efforts of my two friends to interest me in new " researches and experiments. The lec ture-room, the dissecting-room, the hos pitals, even the theatre, presented no allurement of my grief-stricken spirit. I wandered the streets during the day time, and at night I haunted the home of my beloved one, hungering for the merest scraps of news concerning her. I -suppose I showed so severe effects of my anxiety in my pale face and sunken 1 - eyes that I really alarmed .my friend, Hollander, who finally insisted upon a change of scene and air, and accom- . panted me to a quiet watering-place near I i .-where we remained a week. A lover's solicitude for his sick mistress is not to be cured by sulphur baths and draughts of brackish mineral water, and and it was with this conviction that we returned to our lodgings in B street at the end of the aforesaid time. We found our friend, the Russian, in t nothing more interested than in the analysis of a mad dog's brain. Nothing was wanting to complete has happiness, be said, but a humqp brain similarly affected with which to compare the » canine's. Hollander became Immediate ly interested in this experiment, which promised novel discoveries and develop ments. They vainly sought to interest me In their theories. What was a mad dog's brain to me? My own was mad enough. Fired with youthful ardor, and the true student's yearning for a deeper understanding of a puzzling proposition, my friends searched the wards of seve- > jral of the large city hospitals, and re s'/ turned on the evening of the following & day elated by several discoveries. The r-; cases represented the different, phases :!. ' anl stages of the disease, but their inte rest la j chiefly in a single case in the j, Q Hospital. Their patient was a I' beautiful young girl, they told me, whose j;:"! young life must soon succumb to the dreadful malady. The Russian's only t/; sorrow arose from the fact that her | friends would probably never permit her fci beautiful person to lie upon the disseet- ing- table. If she were only ugly, or 1 friendless, or old, what great benefits j fr- would accrue to science from her mis- fortune. g|£ On the morning after the funeral of gjfhe unhappy girl, Hollander so artfully gJunifced the interests of the fair patient jjpf&nd; her malady that I became deeply Inattentive to his elucidation of his theory Ifefif" the disease. He dwelt so long upon pjjjthe special- importance of direct eom- feSpkrison between the human and the jliptenfpe brain in the study of the dis- glStemper, that I soon perceived him to feite become familiarised with the idea BlKfer.; , . of a certain hazarhous, hideously repul- ' sive ' project, which the Russian had, doubtless, proposed to him long before. He ended his discourse with a direct proposal of the venture, for which I was not unprepared. His strong influence over me, the stronger because hitherto only exerted for my good, together with a wild notion of sport, and a mad desire to forget for a time the pain in my heart, availed to win me to partake in the venture. It was left to the Russian to "make all needful preparations, and at midnight we set forth fully equipped for the work before us. We threaded a wearisome maze of deserted, echoing streets, and near the end of half an hour, approach ed a little chapel, which stood before a gloomy, silent churchyard. Already I had more than once repented of my rash participation in the affair, and would now have abandoned it had I not feared the Russian's . taunts and Hollander's contempt. The former now lighted a lantern, and led the way from the street through a gate into the churchyard, and along a path between the graves. After a long search he paused beside a mound of fresh-turned earth, and pointed to a wreath which his own hands had laid upon it as a mark of its identity. "This is the grave," he said. "Wait here; I will return soon." He disappeared, and left us standing there in thoroughly wretched, but somewhat consolatory, companionship. I drew near to Hollander, and gazed fearfully about me in the gloom. The deep shades seemed to mask all familiar shapes in ghostly covers. Old tomb stones, blackened and stained by many years' exposure, and overgrown with moss, peered out from dark retreats, or, seeming weary with long standing, sought to incline themselves to restful attitudes. For a moment the moon broke through a cloud, and the dancing, quivering shadows beneath my feet ap peared the phantoms of that life with which the fertile grove in the daytime must have teemed. After a few moments the Russian re appeared, bringing a pick and two spades, which he had procured in an outhouse near the chapel. He handed us the spades, and, raising the pick, buried it in the mound with a thud which sent a thrill of horror through me. "We must work hard," he said. "It is now one o'clock." They had made considerable pro gress in the work of exhumation before I felt able to assist. When we had reached a depth of three or four feet the Russian suggested that I should remain outside and act as guard. . I gladly acquiesced, and, with whatever consequence to my weakened nerves, would have rejoiced to have had any reason to alarm them from achieving that hideous purpose. After the labor of a half-hour we heard the thud of the pick upon the wood of the box enclosing the coffin. In a few minutes the last shovelful of earth was thrown out, and the lids of the box and coffin removed. At the Russian's request I handed down to him the dark lantern, also a covered vessel and case of surgical instruments which he had brought, and then, nearly faint ing, I retired out of view of the opera tion. Still, by some strange fascination, I held my eyes fixed upon the open grave, which appeared like a lighted window in the abode of ghosts. A moment afterwards I heard again the Russian's voice. "Pass down those gloves in my coat pocket," it said, and added, in a lower tone to Hollander, "She was a beautiful girl. What hair! What features!" I approached' the grave, and, in some curiosity, aroused by the last remark, I stooped to gaze on the pallid face in the coffin. With one wild shriek I start ed back, and fell-. "Oh, what is this? My God! Estelle! Estelle!" Instantly I felt a rough hand upon my mouth, and faintly heard the Russian's muttered curse, and admonition, "Be still, you fool! or " A long period of unconsciousness fol lowed, from which I was revived by feeling a glass of water at my lips, and I opened my eyes upon the familiar furniture of my room, whither my two friends, with untold effort, had carried me from the scene of our unfinished enterprise. For months afterwards I was intoler ably distressed by the mere thought of that night's revelation. But it wrought a salutary change in my habits, and made of me the semblance of a man. — "W.est Lothian Courier." 