THE AGTOS’S DOUBLE. We’weic talking about spirit manifes tations at the Thirty-nine Club, and re tailing the Usual second or third-hand accounts of deceased ladies and gehtie mcn -siiowiiij; themselves to .their sor rowing' rclalivbs. . • “'*V, ,s ^•.rar^'f tlic tricks which' -our brains will.sometimes play us.” said fir. Macpherson. , <T-remember once seeing a ghost roynai, and I can tell -you that the^sensixtionj is a very curious one.' It \vas"S"gb'od .inanyfyeai’s .ago, during my -exijrninationjdays, and I had been sit ting up unlit the early hours ‘cram nting. _ !E\arybody in the house had .Jons'^'ince^hb to bed'., where I ought to have been Myself, so I was rather sur prised- when I glj-nced up from my. book to see somebody- sitting at the table ; X'-hert;.:!au.'.sejfJ\U(J been a few moments beiord j'vj'iung. r.-Jefeit quitcstirtled for an .ins^iin j jvijitP .J recognised the ' in t?;Uterr” "a .little hazy, but I eoof’-Pss-c-uiv iftty enough'Who lie was.” ‘.CU; ' ijevd i ciati YcV”. asked Maj-.wfic-.i ni'.ttl'Kvhd'-wat', a tii'm TJelibver in the,good ojd- fashioTi'csa. ghost. " r ilaeplibrson answered in his peeuiiarlv -ctuiet v/at'.’^' No: it w.'tTi'Trrj’seif:" The appearance of sog^^ionejs own' ghost, is not alto gether' uT).usua], I believe.” Xu\>r,'.! do not tqink. your experience was.half'so remarkable as one of mine,” said Gilbert fiane, the well-known-actor and- manager of : the Howard Tlieatro, tvho happened to- be there that night.’ Dane is not a , member of. the Thirty nine, but. had come-with Macpherson. Most of the brain specialist's friends are iif tlie-profession^ a fact which is per haps diie to the year-which he. himself spent 01.1 the stage as a young man*. "My ’ story begins prosaically,’' said the actor, when we begged to hear it. “I- lost tiie latch-key, with which:! let myself into, the theatre, and took some body else’s to the locksmith’s to have a duplicate made. I agreed to call-for it the following morning, as-I-was going up town for.rehearsal. I was living at Putney then, and we' were actively, pre paring a play, which deserved a better fate than it. received..if thought and pre paration. go for . anything, for I icame near, making ftiyself ill ovgr it.' , i was feeling out of sorts on the morning that I had called for the latchkey, and when the locksmith, swore positively that he had given me the thing already—that less than ten minutes previously I had come in for the key, paid 'for‘it. and taken it away with me, .1 will confess that I lost' my • temper, and stormed at fi^e ..fellOMbut. I could not get him to budge aline-fromhis story- " He seem ed tp have .arhlde.a that £ was playing a practical joke, and the only result of talking was that I nearly lost my train to Waterloo. It was moving when I reached'. .the platform, and I had to run,for the only compartment of which the door was open, near the end of the train. — The compartment contained two other passengers, but, if-1 .glanced at them at all, I.noticed ndthing.except that each was, pretty well hidden behind a daily paper. I had fortunately bought my own paper before calling at thedock smitli’s and. speedily followed their ex ample,;.*. So far, tho'-story, j's .painfully commonplace.-. ■ Now comes -the ,t; uly remarkable ... expedience-, which J has stampedyhe doings-of that day indelibly .on my memory.” * V- , S The actin' paused -to,-'strike a iiiattli and rc-lic ijjt-b.is cheroot, .which liut hA'.l giuarcd-ifggo_,ohtr_a’>ifl''v/C' all w.-itch-i' t-omingsg MaepheTson only 'Imd t$e :[yJ pf a- mau w-hobliad lieiii'd' the '-'si ?/*■: before. --y “ y> '. “I 'hr.d become 'rather interested-' in my- palter,”'Dane went on, when ; the cigar-was alight again, “and did not notice my companions talking, until one of . them started telling an anecdote. Then it gradually dawned upon me that the story he was telling was one that.f consider my .own particular property, and .when I listened it struekxma that the story was being told, not only ,-in my exact words, but also in my '* own .voice. They-say that a man doe? not 'recognise his own voice—when he liears it in the phonograph, for instance; but that is . possibly the fault of the phono-, graph, and, at any rate, I know that I recognised thineinstantly." ,. ... “The s’tory, anil the voice startled me,', and it is difficult to describe my. feelings when I.'put flown my paper to glance at .the narrator,” ■ “ It was'yourelf?” asked Maj. Deitr nett, excitedly, as the actor paused,.-and Dane’nodded. '■‘‘YcS, gentlemen, I saw seated at. the other end of the compartment by the, window, opposite his companion, a figure* that was an exact fac simile .of.-the re flection which I see in my glass- every d^y when I have dressed for ttfp,,payt of* a respectable citizen. It was -myself, complete'in every detail of face'anti, ; “An optical delusion, I suppose ?” T suggested,' and the actor shook liis iiead.i “No; that was the first idea that oe* curred to me—that I had been working and .worrying too much over, the, new play; , and . my- brain-had played me -a .'trick.,. The unconcerned way- in • which the tliird'man glanced-at me encouraged me in-the belief, for. the likeness, unless I was. imagining, it,' was enough to at tract instant attention. I wondered ; whether .there was actually a man-sit ting and talking where I saw and heard my fac simile ;~for ' the third man,- an ordinary, every day individual, had not spoken a word to him, and might, from his expression, have been listening to his anecdote or simply thinking. I was relieved when' he laughed at the point w\ien; ‘my double,' as I began to call his ^companion,, 'came to the -joke of .the ■sfoty; but''wlien he opened his mouth it was only to increase the mystery of ;cfhcea.ffair,.'for it showed me that ‘my doublet-possessed my= name, as* well as j-pjy voice, my dress, .. my face, and ;-®I began'to wonder then, not whether the 'man at -the vindew • was a- reality, but whether I was reality myself, and it really ,would not have surprised me if I liad looked in a mirror at that moment and. found it_ reflected back a face that was strange to me. It is strange how quickly a single phenomenon -will some times change all one's fixed opinions on the subject of the supernatural. I felt that I must speak to the men, if only to prove whether I was awake or dream ing. and I seized the opportunity of in troducing myself offered by hearing ‘my double' called by my name. “ ‘Excuse mo.’ I said, addressing liim, ‘but I heard your friend just now call Mr Dane. I wonder whether we are related at all, for that happens to be my ...name, and we seem to bear a strik ing similarity to one another.’ “ ‘My double’ turned and surveyed me through his single eyeglass in exactly the;same manner as that with which I should have surveyed a stranger who addressed me in the train. ‘I really do not know whether we are related,’ lie said, in the voice I use when I wish to be slightly patronising. T am Gilbert Dane, of the Howard Theatre,' and he actually handed me one of my own cards. “There was something in the substan tial nature of the familiar bit of paste board that brought back st little of my common sense, and relieved me from the state of stupefaction into which the phenomenon had driven me. “ ‘Come, this is a very clever trick,’ I said, with a smile, which. I am afraid, was rather feeble. ‘You have certainly succeeded in. startling’ mo. Now I i should like your owncard'so that X may I know whom, to congvatuatc- on a very clever, performance.’ ” • “And what did the Mysterv do?" I in- I 'paused. I qujred with .interest,’ ii-.ien the actor “He did exactly what I should have done if a stranger addressed me in the. .same manner. "He became1 angry, and asked me.twhat I meant1, and whom l i 'called myself: . [ ' : “ ATell, until to-day:I have beck in the habit <jfcalling myself-'Gilbert'Dane. of . tbe Howard Theatre—f’-.'I was begin--, .ning; keeping myself. as^cooT as T'cpuld, when my. double interrupted' me.', in a tobo which I still recognised perfectly ns ‘Well, you had better not-do’so any more.’ lie said sharply, ‘or you will.'find' yourself in the hands' of the police. ,T see that you have been . imitating my .dress, too. which I cannot help., but the US!l llf my nan-f-‘ is.another thing.' ■ ‘We haul just reached Vauxhai!, our first slopping place, as he spoke, and a ticKet collector, who know? nibv sighT came to the door. ivivdoibli ‘'caught Tils ey 1;!!. ; .' 1 '' r— “ *T "'ish you -would tell .this gentleman who T am.’ he said, and the njan answer-, eel promptly : '■'?*' i) ' “ 'Certainly, sir ; you are ift-jDanc*. the “Ho looked startled .when I. asked the same question. - ' , “ ‘I siiould call you a yeVy good imita tion,’ he said, when herhad • rectrvitij'edf from his surprise. . .‘C? .'-h i “This was becoming decidedly uneo'tn-; fortable. and I began to wonder how I could prove to anybody that I-was not a very good imitation of myself.-’ "The ticket collector’s ready'acceptance of mv double as the real ‘Mr. Dane’. showed me how helpless I should help Uu'appeal to anyone, who did not know me well. But I felt that it would not do for two Gil bert-Danes to remain at large. . The question which one was to surrender the title must be selected at once. It struck mo that the easiest wav to do it would be to go together to the theatre, and submit the question to the company as sembled for the rehearsal. I suggested .this ..course to my fac-simile. and he. surprised me by accenting it readily. “ ‘I warn you that I shall, detain you when it is settled, and send' for the police,’• he said, in.my.haughtiest voice." ' “It" was what I was intending to do with him.” ... ., - The actor paused, to light another cheroot. ' '' ' . . , “And did you'both go back?” some body asked. ' Dane nodded.’ \- “Yes, together-’• The third, man left us at Waterloo,”, he said. “You pray not believe it, but l felt really..uneasy as I approached the stage door,; and the fact that I had nblatclvUey io open it for myself seemed a calamity. My double calmly produced his, and marched me into my own theatre with the air of a proprietor. Then he closed the ' door behind him, and changing his voice and manner suddenly turned toward me and said quietly : ‘And now, Mr Dane; I will puzzle you no more, but apologise for giving you so much trouble, which I hope you will think repaid by the,en joyment of a unique sensation. The fact is that I am very anxious to go on the stage under your auspices, and I thought that this would be the best way to obtain an introduction to you, and at the same time show you a speci men of my acting i:i the part of your understudy. You wiii admit at least _that I understand the art of making up. grogomc-nt—or to semi V<’>:■ 'ON ",,. 17-- - r “And you gave him an engagement, I suppose?" I asked. “Yes; I have always regretted that he threw it up before the year was up and returned to his former profession, that of a medical man." ■ “It was lie, of course, who catled.Tov the latchkey in the morning?” “Yes: he had been in the shop when I ordered it, and the fact , finally deter mined him to carry out the affair, which he had been pondering some time.” “But he must have haunted you like a shadow beforehand.” put in Maj. Den nett, “to learn your gestures and that. I. should hardly think the result was worth the trouble.” - ‘ Macpherson, who had been; sitting quietly in the background, surprised us 'by replying for his friend : “Excuse me. Major,” he said, in his usual quiet way, “but you make a mis • take there. ' Any man would have been •glad to give a hundred pounds down for the engagement which Dane offered me ' straight away. - It cost me less than LIO for clothes and about a month of study, and.rny time was not worth L90 a month then, or I should not have thought of ' giving up medicine and taking to the stage.”—Herbert Flowerden, in the “Pall Mall Budget. 