THELIGHT THAT OAST NO ,HADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers pos. sessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the HIlmnlaya mountains These old men Tt is said, have devoted scores of years to the stud of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about; Lately a 'German professor,.visited -the "adepts," as these queer Hi-ndui are called,,for the pnrpooe of finding.oui..tlie secret of their remarkable porfomances:_;They treated lhim rathte sctr vily, but interested him all'the samc.? 0e day the professor wanted to examlne somoe nciont Sanskrit manuscripts.'' An adept,,went with him to a cave wherein the the books wets kept. The place vsidark'as the bottom of.aeWell. Srcant see to read, here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the re ply, and immediately (the professer says)a soft Pearly light brightened the cave. :He could nbt tell whence it came, butbhe noticl that it had one strange quality- it cast not- the 'illltgles Thls'Is a-tory'hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that,;all the:light you have seon have cast shadows, Belief or un. belief commonly runs parrallol with one's own experience. Dr. Johnsoi sniffed at the acm connta of the Llsboh'carthquake'yet'cibdited the tale of th6 Cock Lane ghost.: '.,.': "In the spring of 188 " writes lounrncorros. pendent, " I fellinto a low, weak, and :lnguid state. I felt low-spirited and out ofsorts. At flrst m)' stomach wae'seranged 1,my'idppetito poor, and aftar eating I had a pain and weight at the cheat. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spatup a sour fluid, alpo0.bitter bile.: Later on ]Onuffore from ieyouesnass ain? great depresion of spirits. 'I kept nu with my, work, but had always a sense of diecomiuort. Off and on I continued in this way for two yeatsnothing that I took relieving me. At lat I hoard of Mother Selgel's Syrup, and pro-: cured 'a supply. After I bad taken only'a.: fey does I found relief; my food digestcdoand gradually all norvousness left me... Although I had no reason'at'first to feel any confidencu in this medicine,' iovercr.uig uesod it orseone it ',sed, I now: gladly!admit its value, and lts power over disease. Bleoo my recovery, fqri which I thank Mother Selgel's Oprutlvp Syrup I have been:in, thbqbet of 'ldlth, andlsplrita. In the iqterests of snuffrig 'b'utninlty I deem. it sla dsny to- 'en.. "'tbloi -tetimony. (Bieoa). D. Griffiths, ,11, HocIkey ill, Dirmlngh Juno eight' 193."" ' .- "; ." ` '' v : I There is a. deal of difference between Mr.. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light thatcast no-'hadow, -The-latter.may he. true enough, but it cannot be verified withoit. more trouble than it i .v.orth. On theorth hand -we liaveTna, trtwU thiy, witneaB,'wib will Unsa'or leotte of R ionqulr, Anl can beiund at a-t his addres. "- o "be" v - -rEinallytIher.ls nothing mysti or agical about Mother Selol's' UtlAtfVe Syrupn It acts on the' theory' that4 most allmenta?tie bi t ,ymptoms, forms, or phases of thakte`idveras I' 'iieaBo- 'd~gcotloni, snd dypepoia ;, tt cursw that and throwA'tbe,, light of health 'nd happl-. ,overhceartd cd'btoeos whrer illucss ? ?d pain, had' cait'(sch. dark "a'd torrlfytnu tspadowb. "And thut ie'why people believe allrtbIa.t) to1 of Its suc esab!i c apeptneascs8" | 