IPITH OF PAELIAMËNT ? (By "Bangamu") I "We axe rained br cheap Chínese labor, I And they went for the heathen Chinee.*' An authority who knows a person who j graduated for the church, but drifted from the dizzy heights of virtue, and became a very wicked member of Par-' 1 rament, once said "Monotony is HeiL" Hie discussion of the Estimates these many nights is monotony. The de- duction is obvious. An Opposition mud stinger who has been heaping coals of eloquence on the Ministerial bead, and who sat out the whole debate, vented the expression, "If I owned Hades, and I also owned tile Assembly, Fd rent out the Assembly and Uve in Hadas.'' * * * * On Wednesday night, however, the monotony was broken by tile Premier, who brought itt a Bill fur the Establish- ment of Zoological Gardens at South Perth. This is as it should be, and the writer begs to offer hints as to how those Gardens should be filled at the close of the E<,;BÍOB_ The following ap- pointments might, with advantage to the country, be gazetted: \- The Premier to the lion house on ac- count of his magnificent roar when he is stirred up with a long Opposition pole. Piesse would grace the eleghant enclo- sure, bulk, ponderosity, pachydermatous characteristics and size of head gener- ally deciding bis allocation. Alex. Forrest could snap bis teeth, and show his fangs in the tiger house, and get fat on beef, bis present financial food. * . * * * Thea there would be a paddock for p«rnameotary hacks, a fenced lot far angora goats grown grey in the service of the Government, a deer paddock for the frequenters of the ladies' gallery, a cockatoo cage for Locke, Pennefather, Hassell, and the agricultural members. Morgans should look well as an orni thorynchns paradoxus, a combination of bird and anii JLL well calculated, by rea- son of its diverse attributes, to weather any kind of a political storm, and come out on top right side up. Walter Gale, with a few more feathers in his tail would naturally go to the secretary birds' an- nex. Illingworth amongst the insects as a praying mantis ; Lyall Hall, in his new summer togs, as a bird of Paradise ; Lefroy aaa tadpole, exhibited in the well he went down; James as a Shanghai rooster, "a sort of cock-bird among the ladies," according to Saint John; Tim Quinlan as a crab, his idea of national progress being backwards ; Gregory and Conolly naturally exhibited in rat-traps baited with railway cheese-; George in the bear-pit, on account of his relined diction and bearing ; the Speaker as an .owL who looks wise and says nothing. All these seem appropriate enough. The reptile house would never want for specimens as long as the Press repre- sentatives are on hand, and the monkey house would require a large contingency, i chiefly electors, who have put in members not worth their salt. Readers hereof can continue the list ad libitum. Jack-j als, dingoes, Tasmanian devils, and learned pigs all have their doubles inj -real life, but opinions differ, and one libel- action at a time is all a good con- scientious newspaper needs as a stimu- lus to circulation. * * * * If Septimus Burt would grow a pig- tail," and wear bis shirt outside bis pants, I his appearance would certainly be more in keeping with his views. A China- man at heart should be logical enough to be a Chinaman by dress, more es- pecially as the country and Burt's pocketful of electors would be better able to know the sort of Chinaman they had to represent them in Parliament Just at present. The old leaven will show itself in spite of the progress and civilisation brought here by the 'tother siders, spite of the leesons and warn- ings the Government have had, and in face of a disfranchised population of workers who once at least, at Kalgoor- lie, refused to obey Wittenoom's man- date to ge and eat grass. On Wednes- day night- an iniquitous attempt was made to nullify the Act which was pass- ed a year ago for the purpose of prevent- ing üie flooding of our young colony with the scum of Asia. Burt was thc chief champion of the yellow agony, his ap- peal for the poor Chinaman was almost pathetic. The poor squatters of the North, who Uve in comfort in Perth, wanted piebald labor, their troubles about the unemployed whites and re- trenched civil servants walking the streets looking for work, so long astbey could get chow chinkies cheaper! * * * * At present they get oae Ohiuaman for every 500 tone burden of ' the ship carrying them ; what they want is 500 tons of Chinamen for every one ton of shipping. In answer to the Chinese challenge of Septimus Burt, Esquire, gentleman by Act ci Parliament, and a I white man in every respect except by in- stinct, conviction, and practice, the i House, at at least that part of it that represents progress and humanity, got up and slung out Burt and his leanings towards tile slums of Canton, and the purlieus of Shanghai. Vosper moved that the "White Labour Suppression Bill" be read this day.six mouths, and carried his amendment. The division list must be placed on record for re- ference at the next elections: I * * * * Chinese (ll).-John Forrest, Alex. Forrest, Hubble, Throssel], Lefroy, Har- per, Venn, Burt, Phillips, Piesse, Locke. Whiteman (14).-Leake, Wilson, Old- ham, Vosper, 'Illingworth, Kenny, Solo- mon, James, Co nolly, Kingsmill, Efigham, Moran, Monger, Holmes. * * .*..*. An analysis of the lists is interesting. Against all that is jarrah, obsolete, pre- judiced, and groperish on the one side, we have about all the talent of the House on the other. Could anyone expect figs from thistles, or progress from such a quartet as the pigtail champions, Venn, Phillipa, Hubble, and Locke' One naturally asks where were Lyall Hall, Connor, Doherty, Sam Mitchell, Mor- gans, and Quinlan at the time of the division, and whether they absented themselves in fear of being seen in their true light or otherwise. The division amounted virtually tb a signal defeat of tile Groper Government on. a Chinese is- sue, but the daily papers did not say so next morning. They never do. Phil- lips has only been in the House a few evenings, and has already verified last week's criticism in these columns. The only way to get modern ideas into a groper is to put them in a gun and shoot them at him, or elsa mix them with, his whisky. * * * * Bepresentative Government in Wes- tralia appears to consist of a Pigtail Ministry of Chinese proclivities legislat- ing for a handful of squatter cockies in utter defiance of the expressed will of the people, and prostituting statesman- j ship in the interests of yellow cooks and ' nigger shearers. The unemployed | trouble is met by an attempt to lower! wages, and make billets scarcer by the \ introduction of pauper labor. White j men tramping the country hungry, warned off Forrest's and Burt's station, while the opium-soaked chow is welcom- ed, fed, and employed. Kooaii for the mongrel, room! * * * * The Education Bill had another tussle in the Council on Tuesday, when the j clause for instilling sectarian bitterness and religious prejudice into the minds of children was insisted OE by the so called Upper Chamber. Three times" has the principle been .slung back in the faces of its introducers in the Assembly. It has been buried in the cemetery of obsolete ideas, and covered deep with piled up logic, but the House of .Fossils exhumed the body, and the country is to be haunted by its ghost for 6ome time apparently to come. Next time the As- sembly gets hold of it, it will probably cremate it, and scatter its ashes beyond power ol collection. 