~n Ff~~BIK ~~ *aB CHIAT'TER Xilt.- Corrmuoa. "All that I have thought of, and in that iirect line she seems to have barred my way berself. If she had appeared to me as a seeker after social elevation, I could have addressed her before this. But, successful in such a course, I would have at once re duced my high estimate of her character." "It is certainly a matter hedged with dif flculties. This is a free country, a wonder fulcountryl and its education brings out worth and character at times. But it also opens wide the door to adventurers. There certainly is a higher plane of life, even here, is there notl" "Yes, mother-if you had lived in Solo mon's time, the Queen of Shoba would have come to visit you and neglected the king." But Mrs. North was In earadst now; her son was the stake, and she loved him too deeply to treat the subject of his destiny lightly. "And while the social plane," she contin. ued, "which is established on a high grade, has many of low degree upon it, thrust there by fortune, still, must we not be wary, lest we suffer by sudden folly?" "Mother, you are wiso-and good. Surely you can help me in such a case." "We will at least be just to the child we are weighing in the balance." "Even if Diana is great." said the son. "But Diana can put many thorns in the pathway where love treads- if she wills and society generally wills." "You are a philosopher and i poet, too," replied the son, "and I could not appeal to both in vain." "Hush, boy; if you are impertinent I will not toll you a plan I have in mind." "I know your plan already," he returned, confidently. "And what is it?" "You will rivito Miss Iamont to visit you when I am away-a-nd your good jiidgment will guide you. Then I will appear upon the scene at another time." "That is a good suggestion. I will net up. pn it." "And, mother," tlhe boeyurged, with some thing tile matter of his voice, "you will not criticise too hard a young wonmn whose training has been on a distant sea coast?" "Ido not think, from what I stw, that she needs criticism. She appears a lady born." The son arose front his chair, took his mother's hands, kissed her, and said some thing about the usefulness of mother-s in general. As he reached the door hoe turned and said: "I will return from Phlladelphia Monday and come directly to te holuse. I ami in form-ed it will be better to bring the insur. ance funds direct to the houseo-there has been information lodged with the city police that some desperate characters are looking around our ofice. If Isend a package up, putit In the muniment room and I will have p night watch here." lie closed the door and was off. The next day a carriage was driven iround the bay, a soervat hearing a little note to the cottage of Mrs. Jennie Smith. It read as follows: My Dear Miss Lamont:. It is my wish to become better acquilnted with you, and maike it pleasant for you to attend future a.sssnmblies. My son will 1io away over Sunday. May I send the carringo for you at 2 p. nt., and have you to lunch with me alone? I lead a quiet life, and I wish to talk with you in a good old-fashion way. If you will accede to my wishes u will confor a favor. Your friend, KATIIEUINE NORTII. Therender, sonme of him or her, will say that Miss Helen Lamont rushed off to Mrs. Jennie, and, dashing into her lap, rend the letter in a whirlwind of delight) and that immediately the little charmer hugged the girl unto suffocation, and,--wrote a poem. Jut Helen was not that kind of a girl. She smoothly drew a pair of scissors frees the doxter pocket, deftly trimmed off the edges of the perfumred envelolpe-such as they had in those days-laid it wide open, and wrote thereon as follows, whilostassndilg in the hall, at least twenty foot from a ulir ror: KINDo MAna-Your note finds rme unpro pared to reply to yoasr kirnlness, save in this manner. 1 am deeply grateful, and shall be very happy to corli to your beautiful home again and at the time meetioutl. I am, gratefully yours, HELEN LAMONT. When Lady North received this reply, somewhat ingenious in its construction as to .papetlerro, her first thought was that the child was a little artful. But as the vision of the girl herself, as she Ihad seen lor on the night of the assemnbly, rose in hoter mind she feltassuredthat the stop was a kindly one, even itif were a little deceitful-in the in terest of that stalwart son of hers. Pundayafternoon camoe. And so did Miss Helen Lament. She was welcomed at the door by the lady herself. No, IMrs. North did not send the "first girl" to usher Helen into the reception room, and then sail in up on her with an overpowerlngsweeetnesr adr.o gushl 8he simply opened the inner door of the vestibule herself; smiled sweetly, as a lpdy of years and silver hair only can smile; took the young lady, as a good moth er would, by the hand, helped her take oil a little outer shawl and other accouterments knownee only to the femlnino miltita. 'Then she took her to the neatest little down-stairs attiring room and adjusted all the necessary attachments of female toggle iept. And then they both sailed hand in hand into the-not the grand parlor-but into the library. And there they sat for an hour, and then a little dimity- dressesl rd cud eo to the door and quietly said: "Lunch is ready." By that time they went into tile dling seeoom, not hand il hand; but with her arm around the girl's slnder waist, Mrsl'. North drew Helen close to her side and srid, with a benign goodness in her eyes: "Come, my dear, we will lunch together all alone-just as if we were the only people in the world." And so they went to the great, heavy ta ble. But what they ate is nothlig to us. What we want is to know what they saidl during that first hour-that the nice little LadyNorth should fold her gracefularmse about her as though she had lored her for years-thattho wealthieost stocrk In Boston Should fold a struggling child of the world within its gold leaves. It would be highly affected upon our part to represent, the conversation as "soulful." It was precisely the contrary. And that was the reason Mrs. North was drawn by te bands of love. The couversatlon rose to thu high plano of the weather, present and expected, and the influence of Wtashington society upon dress--and finally Iltelen felt s much at home that she jumped up on her feet and developed the usual hysterics over the white Illios In the deep window frame. And then as Miss Helen was an artist the Lady North exhibited the line of famousr portraits, with the then familiar names of' famous artiste. And thon-ah, mother, you knew whenl- thbn Lady North picked up a little gilt edged book, bound in lovely velvet, and re marked thaet "Th, is a little work my son has written g-Pn 'Steam in Ocean Cprrlage.'L9( oourse 21w'e ingtafinese of/ te serial story Ull bejoond in tM. day's isue. this one was bound specinlly for me." lMiss Helen took the book, opened it, and thou sat down by the window under the lilies and ran a few pages through her Ifn gors. "Now," said Mrs. North to horself, "I can see to whae extent she is intollectual," and at the same tim e she smiled at her own de coitfulness. Tihus far she had been won by h or gentle ninner. "I should like to read this book," Helon said, almost as bluntly as though speaking to a companion in years and station. "My dear, it is about commerce-and fields where men study out groat national prob lems." "Yes, and I would like to reoad them and study them." "But it is about new things-new rall roads aund new territories." "But It is about the future! To what a wonderful futuro we are comling. I am so thankful that we may live to see itl" and at this point the girl's face glowed with anima tion "Yos, child, you will seo it." "And you, too, I am sure. And your son will. He shows hero by a table of progres sions that the tonnage of our commerce will soon be tihe greatest of any of the powersl And here," she continued, turning over to another chapter, "heo states that great pear allels of railroads will soon be built to the Mississippi River into the territories. I be lieve that, too." "Yoi dol Why, I don't know anything about such things. Are there no railroads there now?" "To me," said the girl warmly, "there is a glory in being the creator of such a develop rnent of one's country. I wish I were a mnrl" And then she lnaughed at the hardi hood of a young girl wishing such ungentle thiugs. The eoxpression may have sounded ill to old-fashioned Mrs. North, but tihe laugh for gaive it nil. "Why a man?" she asked of IHelen. "Because-because-olh, tllere is a weako. ness about us. We aro looked'upon a .good deal as a curiosity, I suppose the wish to to be nseoxed is ralther imodest, is it not?" "Not if you simply wish to have greater strength--I think the assertion of a strength which we do not have is unforlunate." "'lrometlloes," said llelen tloughtfully, "I wish I was stronger-not thait 1 wish to, io things out of reach, but to do my work better. I often start out ponl the street, full of hope and joy at the clance to do eomethkrg, andl as I move along so buoyant ly some mrn will pass me and iy lcanner roreined Ine that I am but n womnn after all," "T'lhen, ibelug womantu," suggested Mrs. Northl, "would it not be better to be less am bitloust" "I tlink so. I often wish I were ugly or feature-ro-so that people would look at moe no rmore tlhan young meno." "If you have beauty, does it not draw friends to you?" said the hlder lady, gently reprimanding tihe self-nssumrtion of beauty. "Yes; but don't you think tlhat hard la bor andl propriety would bring friendlsl" "Do you Ilnd the industrious and the good' about you successful becauoe of their earn estneOss? ArOe not ninny unfortunates wor thy of better thingls" "Yes," replied the girl. "In nly daily work I nm placed beside faithlful workers who are borne down to the very earth with misfortune. I oam happier than they only because I have hope." "And skill," added Mrs. North. "My son thinks you have a great futuare, and takes an interest inc your workl." After thins expeorl rmental referenen the lady watched Iuloen's face very closely. But the latter replied at once, withlout tihe slightest change of color or accent: "I thinkl Ie must be, Ire seoemed so much interestd I in that paitinlg rat thle academy. Why, tile academy Inns addressed a note to me asking me to sell it to theme, and also to mooeet a counnittee soon to arrango about other paintings. I half believe your son has brought some of this about." "I think not," said tie mtolher "because he lhas told me nothing of it." "Andc do sons tell their mothers all albout such mattersl I thought that was confined to daughters." "Mine does-bet tthen, there is only one Conrad," and the procud woman looked down upon lithe floor. "lHow dellghtful onte year with a mother would be," sighed the girl. Thlen her eyes wandered, and with adreamy gaze looked far out to sea and rested upon a singlesall, receding into that world beyond ourl horizon. And both had their thoughts; and each locked them in tlheir own bosoms whlere no intrusion could startle tlhrn into being. When Mrs. North's eyes weore lifted' sh said: "Yoll hive no mnothLerl" "Nor brother, nor' sister." "What is it, then, that sustains you In your labors?" "GOd." The dear ol ladty was startled. HIer own religious sense was deep and worm. Ieosl. tating a moment to get the full significance of the declaration, site said to the earneit girl: "I acn anxious to ask you a questionl." "Do, please; I already know howr klnd you are." "Who reared you so gently--and how came you by tlese tnhoughts you have utter edl" "If I have them," said Helen modestly, "they are due to an uncle and aunt who reared me from a child-on the coast of Mnlaro. "Alndl le was a nuinisterl' "Yes, and unfitted for this world--so God took him," "And you have no one to love or lean up on?" "No; but I do not feel the need of more than such priceless frlendship as you show meo. Mly work tk ps mry heart from other ltpursuits." "And you grow stronger, don't youl" " Oh, yes," she answered with a smlile. "The world is so full of beauty and nature, so full of wonder, that I fln studly for every hour-if only some people didn't slnifor," she added, thinking of Winuie aecnd the work shop. "Yor a are estrange girl," said the mother, looking at hboer witll getlo eyes. "Do you thinlk so l" "I hope thatyou will never lose that tender symallathy for thie eunfortuato--I canrt see why you pailnted the "Angel of Sympathy I" " Can yore f lt you will never forgive me for talking so rurich." "Talk awany," said tie motllher. "It do. lights me. Soeno day yoru will be a mohller, arndl yo will lilsten to the bravo wonlis of those 'who have tlleir life to trenrd--s I do now.ur The thne wsill coere, thouglh, shlenc, wilh allyour strenrgthl and clnaracter, you will loan upon another." Illeen cast leer eyes to sea again. Thie soil had gone beyond her vision. "Yes-yes--lt is possible--and it Is fate. fBut it will be very haid for me." "Why,childil" said Mrs. North with some surprise. "Because I anm nforttnrat. To be Ihorn a laborer in thie fields, onr who fooel santlsftl ed with his hbtmble fate and happy wife, woulld be happiness. Or to be born in the perrple, and filud your seurrouhcnigs otited to your taste!. neldd be joy, But to lee oe the earth with wings too small to lly, and yet hunger for flight, that is a hardship." "But you will love just the same. I did.' "To love above you would be unfortunate," said Helen. "and to love beneath us is still worse-it seems so to me." Mrs. North, of choice, would not have ut tered another word. The earnestness of the' girl was the guaranty of ts truth. Thosub. ject was closed when she remarked: "But tile demands of the heart will come some day-and come in power. You will not deny it then. It will come." Then it was that the little "dimity maid" opened the door and brought them down to the world of reality and cold chicken, with that remark: "Lunch is ready." When late at night the following Monday Conrad North came home, and retired to his room, he found upon the table a little note. He held itup to the light a moment, then broke the wax seal, and opened it. Itwas from his mother. MY DEAn SoN-You have a task before you. But you willhave your mother's pray ers for success. Hope lightly, and may God be with you. MOTIHER CHAPTER XIV. PINIE HAS AN ADVENTURE. INNIE was rapidly recovering, and the \- tlno dreow nigh -when he must or -ganize his infant fiaculties Into soime i line of action for Smaintenance. lIe had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his bed a dllor ent person in one respect-he could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was roally quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his step was still unsteady. But his features ;.. ; nger expressive of vacancy, and his stop was not shambling. Ills whiite forehead and finely molded mouth and chin gave promise of considerablestrength. How often at night he asked after tie weol fare of Winnlo. This pleased llelou, and her pictures of the girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affectlon. It may be stated, also, thqt the cleinr-eye island daughter, with her "Iss," and "w'nss," aud sweeotGaelle accent, also inquired daily for Finnle. One day Plnnie was feeling unusually de pressed-he felt that he was becoming a bur den to the household. All were glad to see hin so well, and to hear him rattle oft "lit eraturo" withl more or loss readiness. But the fact that ie was a non-supporting nmem ber of the group was painful. So, one day, wheln Helen returned from her labor, wlli':h still continued, she'found a note awaiting oer. It was written in boyish script, and rend as follows: (Deat Mliss Helel: I thought I ought to get something to do. So I have borrowed a little money of Mrs. Smith, and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with liin and see If lie knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do. ]'INNIE. Mrs. Smitlh had gone into the city shop ping, and had not returned, and the insld of all work know nothing of Pinile's going. Eight o'clock and ,Mrs. Seith lotl cinmie, and still no Plinei. But at half-past 8, just as they were becoming alnared, a note came from Mrs. North stating that "Mll. ]'inuiilo' -iould remain there over night. At the North castle it bad beon a dulldny. The light remark made by Courad about a threatened rad on the down toiw oflice wor rled Mrs. North. Being forewarned, of courso Mrs. North felt that thero was no real danger. However, what may be called the "feminine shadow" iung over her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. The lihge clock IIn the hallway had just struck 2, when the heavy knocker on the heavy door sent a chill through her sli.-ht frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mrs. North was at the Ihead of tile old-fashioned starcase. The door wasopole ild. T'lcro stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking wolmn In miscIuline raiment-at least that was what Mrs. North suspected. The large, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon I thoe doubtful Mr.. Dolnar, who stood for a momient without saying a, word, as if walit ing directions from his mistress. Ansd whie BUioar did spring himt with a question, ht did it carefully, so as not to scare hiln away in case he were a real ghost. "An' phwat kin I do for the likes o' yerl" 1 "Cnn you tell me, mister, if Mr. North lives herel" "Indade, soor, an' we kin do that," return ed the Irishman, without offering thldesired information. On the long piazza, or porch, near tihe outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnio almost tuiillnhl into this, much to the anxiety of the imnn. t "iOch, ime loddy, the lahld is sick." Mrss. North was by him at that moment, 3 and asked of Pinlio: "My boy, are you illt'' "1 have been, M3ts. North, but I am only so tired now. I walkedl from the feorr." "Bonar will bring you into tle lhouse" and, as bhe aild this, the sudden thought camne into her minid, that, perhaps, this hadi something to do with tih threatened bur glory. "But then," she reflected in an i. - stant, "that was at the down town ollco ic and surely this youth would not be an agent I In such work !" Then site said aloud: "You speak imy naine, btt I do not reomemnher to have let you, do you know muel" "Yet, I know you from the wnrlds of Nlis raniout. Icaneoto tallk with Nlr. North, t who can tell inowhlnt to do, probably." "Are you tile sick person of whom Miss Lamont told us!" To nm Co,"rtvtrn t . - 