A "·EPETANT GHOST. 'So you actually beleve in ghosts ?' emarked Charlie Beavers, interroga tively, with an amount of flippancy in his tone, and an amused smile on his rather boyish face, to his elder and more sedate friend Robert Forder, as they sat together in the former's comfortable bachelor rooms one evening towards the close of the last month of the year, dis-' ? cussing a choice blend of whiskey (judiciously commingled with potass), and blowing curly blue wreaths from unimpeachable cigars. ' I am bound to believe in them,' re a plied the other in all seriousness. * What ? Do you mean to say that you have seen one ? ' Decidedly; I may say I almost owe my wife to a Spook.' ' Come, I say, old man, draw it a little mild I' ' I'l tell you the story if you like. But mind, I very rarely mention the subject. I don't care about it talked about anywhere and everywhere. You understand ? 'Perfectly,' said Charlie, all eager-. ness for the recital 'Go ahead. I'll be as mum as aaa what's its name.' S 'Well, you must know before I secured (through the influence of my father-in-law) my present position as manager of the bank here, I was pursu ing the calling of an accountant in Carchester. After three years' hard labour I began to feel my feet and think I might venture to ask a certain young lady to share my future lot. I was tolerably sure that I should meet with no rebuff from my darling, but there was a stern parent to be reckoned with. ' I had made the acquaintance of Mir MatthewTurnover, headoftherespected and old crusted banking-house of Turn over Brothers, and Checkwell, through ordinary business intercourse, and we became in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sundays at his I charming residence in the park. He had an only daughter, Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I put the momentous question to 'the dear girl and achieved the success I plead guilty to have been vain enough to anticipate. 'Then followed the inevitable inter view with papa. He evinced no surprise when I told him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing two impres Ssior able young people together. He was straightforward enough. Told me, although he had certainly cherished more ambitious views for his only child it was not his intention to try to enforce his ideas if they were likely to interfere with his daughter's happiness. Still, he was bound to consider the important question of ways and means, and though he admitted I had made rapid and sub stantial progress in my profession-if such it could be called-he at the same time did not consider the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify me in taking upon myself the responsi bilty ef a wife and probable contingen rctes. ' He wound up by saying : ' ' Although E!eanor, as you know, is an only child, she will not materially benefit through me on her marriage, as it is my fixed intention to withdraw no sum of consequence from the bank. My share of the profits -except so much of it as I require to live upon-remains in the concern until my time comes for quitting the world, then, of course, Eleanor will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But, God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or fifteen years longer of usual life. My advice there fore to you is to go on working as you have done hitherto, and, in three years say, you can broach the subject again and if Elly should be still in the same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters cannot be ar ranged. In the meantime, there will be -at all events on my part- no differ ence in our friendship; there's my hand upon it.' ' You may guess I did not feel ex , travagantly jubilant over the arrange ment. Three years seemed an awful long time to wait. But I had the fullest faith in Eleanor's constancy. However, I will get on to the finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal de tails. 'About eight months had gone by, i when one day in the middle of last December, MIrTurnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was some moments after being seated that he was able to speak. 'I anxiously inquired if he were ill, or was anything wrong at home ? S' No-no one ill,' he said, slowly. ' The bank has been robbed.' ' ' Robbed !" I exclaimed. ' Phew ! Have the thieves been caught ? ' ' You don't understand. The rob bery is from inside. The chief cashier.' ' ' What Bradley ?' I cried, in the greatest astonishment 'The peccant cashier was a Sunday school teacher, regular chapelgoer, and I don't knowr what besides. ' ' Ay I The smooth-tonged hypocrite,' said Mr Turnover, with considerable emphasis. ' Andhe'sgot a good twenty four hours' start He was away on short leare.' " What is the amount ? I asked. ' ' A very considerable sum in con vertible securities unfortunately. Any thing like the exact amount, however, is not yet known. That is mainly why I have come to you.' "Tome?' S' Yes. I want you to come to the bank and go through the books- his Sbooks, you know-as expeditiously as Spossible. We wish to keep the affair I secret-that is, as long as possible. Will you come ' 'And Mr. Tmurnover regarded me anxiously. ' Then thinking, perhaps, I seemed to hesitate, he added, significantly,' It may be worth your while.' " I am at your service, Mfr Turnover,' I instantly replied. ' When do you wish me to begin ? ''To night. Are you willing to-work late ? I mean. in fact, all night if neces sary ? Will you do me this favour ?' ''You may command me in any way you like, Mr Turnover,' I said. TIruth to tell, an idea flashed racross my mind tha I might decide to ask a favour of him in return after the present annoying businerss was ever and done with. '.My future father-in-law rose from his seat, saying : "I am e"ry pleased you have con sernted to help me so readily, because n we can rely upon your discretion and absolute silence.' I bowed. k "Then meet me in Duke-street, by t'e Cosmopolitan Hotel, at six sharp, it and we will go to the bank together.' 'I was at the place appointed just as , the first stroke of the hour rang out on the clear frosty air, and was almost immediately joined by Mr Turnover. ' As soon as we were seated in the bank parlour 1Ir Turnover handed tre a letter, remarking that the missing Bradiey had caused it to be delivered in a somewhat mysterious manner. -' When I read the note Mr Turnover asked my opinion of it. I said : '' The fellow is cool certainly, but I infer from what he writes-if it is the truth, of course -that there has been no systematic embezzlement going forward for some time; that, in fact, he com mitted the theft in a sudden fit of temptation. I see he mentions sixty eight thousand.' ''Yes, that is quite enough without the probability of more having to be added to it. I trust your surmise will turn out correct. Let us ge' to work without delay.' ' We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond those already known. This was so far satisfactory that Mr Turn over confessed he felt much relievedI and -suggested an adjournment to a neighbouring firstclass hotel-his club being too faraway-to recruit exhausted nature. ' We were let out by the bank care taker through a small side door, and told him to remain up till we returned. 'Having done justice to an excellent little cold snack, washed down by a bottle of very excellent port, I'told my companion that there was no need whatever for him to go back to the bank withi me, as I could do well enough without him-at all events tor the remainder of that night. He assented, telling me not to stay very late. ' When I got to the bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing to discover extended evidence of guilt in the absconding cashier's book. By this time, although the night was cold out side, the room I was working in began by reason of the many gas jets burning, to grow uncomfortably warm. I began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small clock on the mantel piece, I dropped into an inviting easy chair, and felt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but as I had no intention that way, I struggled against the inclination by raising my heavy eyelids at frequent intervals. 'I heard a neighbouring church clock boom forth the midnight hour, and. opening my eyes, was just on the point of rising from my comfortable position with the intention of resuming work for another half hour, when I saw some thing that deterred me; kept me, in fact, spell- bound in my seat. There, right before me a few yards away, appeared the spectral form of Wescott Bradley, the defaulting cashier. 'There was a sad-I might almost describe it as a chastened look on the ghastly face as though the spirit was i experiencing profound contrition for some misdeed the body had committed during life. 'I once more closed my eyes, think ing that when I looked again the thing would have vanished. But no ! There was the shadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raised, the fleshless hand with its bony fingers beckoning me to follow. It reminded me of Hamlet and the ghost on the castle ramparts, only I assure you I felt precious little like the impetuous Prince ; I required no hold ing back. I tried to speak, but the words I framed with my dry lips were inaudible even to myself. As soon as the shade reached the open door lead ing into the main room, I arose mechanically as though impelled by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after the still slowly retreating apparition. It continued to wave it ghostly hand until the massive iron door which led to the vault below, where the bullion and securities were kept in huge safes, or rather strong rooms, was reached. I quite expected to see the figure melt away in the orthodox manner. But a trifling ob struction of this kind was no barrier to the melancholy spirit of the peccant cashier. With an intense lingering last look of anguish and a final wave of the arm more emphatic than previously, it simply, as it seemed to my bewildered gaze, backed through the solid iron work. I can assure you I felt consider ably relieved on being rid of the apparition. Further work was, of course, out of the question, so I summoned the caretaker to let me out, imparting nothing whatever to him regarding the strange experience I had just gone through. 'Next morning I called upon Mr Turnover before he left home, and recounted to him what had taken place in his bank the night before. I was not in the least surprised at my story being received with a smile of incredulity. " My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but unbelieving banker, ' you, of course, fell asleep in the chair and dreamed all this.' "Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr 'ITurnover, .I answered, warmly. 'Still, the old gentleman remained unconvinced. "Remember,' he went on banteringly, 'you had par*aken of supper and wine \--generous old port ?' 'However, to bring my story within reasonable bounds, I will just say that by the time we had arrived at the bank I had almost convinced Mr Turnover that I had seen the ghost of his delin quent servant; and he agreed, at myI request, that we should visit the vault i' together, ' though surely,' observed he, 'you don't expect to encounter your sad-faced Spook again, so early in the day ?' ' When we had got down below and i turned up the gas, Mr Turnover pro ceeded to open two large upright safer. standing agaii.st the wall. i ' ' Every thing seems r?s usual,' he I remarked, after surveying the inerirs. I ' Your spirit evidently had no particular 5 tale to unfold, even if you had been able to accompany him herelast nih't. i ' ' \by did it beckon to me so earnestly in this direction ? ' I remarked. i ' By the way,' I added quickly, as my sceptical comlpanion went about secur- i ing the safes arain, ' what of the big one over there to the left ;aren't you I going to open that ?' a ' Oh,' he answered carelessly, ' that is an old one not in use has not t] been opened, I should say, for several v years. It is empty.' , ' ' I suppose there is no objection to ' b me having a peep inside ?' Ia ' ' Not the slightest There is the' b key on the wall there !' j : I handed it to him, gnd he at once insetted it in the lock, while I stood tl by ready to pull the massive door aside. S'1 )ear me,' remarked Mr. Tsrnover, I in surprise, as the wards worked quite easily. ' I certainly expected some difficulty.' 'I pulled at the heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just as if it had been opened daily with the others. - ' The next moment an exclamation of horrified surprise fell from theI banker's lips, as he started back several paces from before the front of the safe. ' I instantly sprang forward from be hind the ponderous door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. ' Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected ! ' There, on the circumscribed space of the floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was distorted and horrible to look upon ! The staring eyeballs and protruding tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation. ' ' Bradley !' ' I exclaimed, as soon as I could find- breath enough. '' Yes, it is Westcott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, in a lowly, husky whisper. ' there was no doubt about it. The sickening spectacle upon which hegazed constituted the mortal remains of the -man who had betrayed the trust reposed in him by his employers. When the bady came to be removed to a place to await the Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket- books con taining the proceeds intact of the cashier's appropriationswerediscovered. So the bank really lost nothing, and I got a loving wife a good deal sooner than I should otherwise have done. Mr. Turnover was kind enough to say that, as I had been the means of recovering *the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was elicited at the inquest except the information that the lock of the disused strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Bradley, who had evidently been using the safe for his own purposes, had opened the door, then hung up the key in its accustomed place, gone inside, and in a moment of forgetfulness let the doorcome to on the spring, and so made the receptacle for concealng his plunder his living tomb.' 