St. Mary's Parish. INDUCTION OF THE EEV. ABTHUR KILLWORTH, B.A., LL.B. Tae interesting cprpmonv of instituting and Inducting the Rov. Aithuc Kill worth, B.A., LL.B., into tbu incumbency ot' tit. Mary'*, West Maitlsnd, ia 6uecesBioti to (.he R v. Hf nry Yimington, M.A., was performed yeoturday afternoon by hia Lordship the BiBhop of Nuweaatlv, assisted by Archdcauons Tyrrell and Bode, in the presence of a largo con gregation. The. visiting clergymen were— Revs. T. E. Rsgg, A. C. Thomas, W. K. Colyer, C. O. Orneu tray, E. M. Walker, and P. .T. Bimniuin. niw.Piil-.nr of tit. Andruw's Catbedrnl, who acted the Biehop's chaplain. The E«v. Han.ld Forms carried the ' , Paatoral stuff. The clergy hntviu« robed in tho Rectory, came in procession through r,he church, during which the hymn ' Through thu night of doubt nod Borrow,' waB suug. The 'pairing hymn was 'Yd Servants of the JUird.' Part ot the evening Her rice whs read by tbu Rur. 'P. ,T. Simpson, the Proper Pi-altcs being Pe. ixxii , exxi., and exxxii. The first leseon Isftiuli Ixi, wkb read by the' Euv. A. C. Thomas (Morpeth) nnd fci.e 'econd 2 Cor. iv, by the Rev. T. Jt. Ri-gg (St Paul's, Weft Muitland.) ? i ?. After the third cnllnct, the hymn ' Pcur out Thy Spirit from on High,' was sung, nnd then the Ten. Archdeacon Tyrrell preached the sermon. The 1'juucnEn said tho annonncemerit of that Bervico had suggested to him » subject on which to address them — the announcement asking the parishioners of St. Mary's to unite in prayer (or a blessing on the minister who w/is to be their new incumbent. Ha had therefore chosen the words of St. Paul to the ThesBalonianB, iii, 1, 'Brethren, pray for ue.' Those words might well be addressod to them there prenont at the institution of the new ? ' incumbent of the parish. It whb institution, they muBt remember — institution into the Bpiritualitiea, induction int ^ the temporalities. In the early days of the church, prayers were offered for bishops, priests, and deacons, and a practice sanctioned by the Apoetlett lyid universally observed by the Church should not be lightly esteemed. ' Brethren, pray for us.' St. Paul besought the prayers of the people upon his ministrations and those who worked with him, both in the Epistle to the Hebrews And in that to the ThesBrtlonir.nB ? it 'was an apoBtolic command to pray for the clergy that they might feod the flock of Christ ncd administer the sacraments as they who mnst give »n nccount. Why should they pray tor the clergy, cash one of thump Consider whkt St. Paul liad enjoined upon those who were ministerH in the church. ' Take heed to yourselves Bud to the flock over which the Holy Ghost h»B mudc you over.inprs, which. He has purchased with His own, blood.' How did the clergy feed the flock P By diligent preaching in the pulpit and from houso to housn ; by strengthening the weak brethren, raising up those that fell j by reverently administering tho two aacriiraenija which Christ Himself bad ordained for giving birth to a new life and nourishing it in the souls of his faithful people. And well might the clergy ask — ' Who is BuQloicnt for these things P' How can a minietor feed the church of Christ aright P How can the people of God ever hope to bn fed by him P It was nn awful responsibility that rested on the shoulders of an overseer of the flock. It was ' ' an awful matter for the flnok should obey be Btinted of their proper food. ' Who is sufficient for these things P' One assurance of St. Paul gave the * answer — 'I nan do all things through Christ, who strengtheneth me.' Their new incumbent would .?;?.'/; REV. CANON STACK, B.A., ... ' ' . . Jan. 7th, 18SS, to Sep. BOlh, 1846. ? EEV. H. YARRINGTON, M.A., LL.B. ' Jan. Gth, 18S0, to Oct. Slst, 1897. , . EEV. R. CHAPMAN, , Oct. 1st, 1846, to Feb. 9th. 1879. stand iu that chutch not in hia own strength, and by hia own authority, and in his owrr name. Ho would stand there in 'Christ's namn ob an ambassador of Christ) in the strength and power o£ God ho would minister among them. That authority the clergy had ns God'n servants, the successors of the ApoBtles ; that Btrength of God they had to drive homo into the stony heart tho words of truth and salvation. Their power was the gift of God. Day by day Ho renews His servants by His epirit, and this gift of the Holy Ghost God wan pleased to supply in answer to tho faithful prayers of Hifl people. If they would have thoir minister faithful in his ministry, full of tho Holy.QhoBfc, strong in tho power ot God's might, to spoilt God'a truth from tbafcpluooj'na they would have him able by tho graao of God to oonvert the hardened nnd aroasn the apathetis, to comfort tho woakhoarted, and to build up tho nninatiuotod in J^LaIu ihamI- Uniri Pn i ^U ^__4*llrtW IMIiaf! tltinv Pnt* 4lti Al \\)U\3tl tUUQV UUIJ ll«IV-i) ? uiivj ittHau ff if »»** «??»-?» minister. They must pray long, deeply, earnestly, as people who would wring from God His blessing. And assurodly they would find their own souls abundantly blossod if God granted thoir prayers. Hu would make their minister faitrKfal Ixnd zaoloua in gathering in the harvott of souls, 'All good things are the gift of* God, His gracious gifbi bnt Ho uses moans,. Ho employs _ means and man for this purpopo — Hia ohurdh, HIb holy Word, the Baotamonts, to be ministered; by Hta Horvntits- the clergy, xnus mioy ooooruo was holpera, follow-lnbourora with Him. Thut being bo, Oh rlst would bn making aiso of thoir minintui1 in His churoh, and thoy should pray that ho might bo fillod full of the Holy GhoHt in spiric and under Rtnndlng, so that he might bo found equal for nil tho duties devolving upon them, and abounding in , lore towards God nnd man. 'Thoy could not expect to rccoivo God's gift* unless they afskiid for thorn. Thalr responsibility for ?;': their ' rnlniafcor and. hia for them was awful indond. For every minister's work must one day bo mnclo wiini ? fosb, muBb be tried as by lire, and tho out come of his work would be the i.fcornal salvation or tho etornnl loan of the souls of tho people among whom ho had laboured. Two sots of rotmlta would follow tho answer to their furvont' prayer for thoir minister. .Thoro would b'p reality in his proanhing anil power for good in liin whole minlatarial life. Whnt ho said and what he did would In tho power of Qod carry conviction to'tho hanrts of tho hoarow and those with whom ho oumo in oontaot. But thoir praynrs , ' muat. W roal prayers — it wau the pruyer pntyRii noi) cno nruyor soio, w)-loh brooffht tho dooirod blessing. Then another tenulfc.of Gnd'« answ«r tofthiilr prayora would bo to knit togothcr pastor and pooplo in a bond of htmnony ; it «-ould inorttnso thoir oharity i it. would run len the purlsh a praise among mon, And it yrould noauago tho burdens thoy had trt carry, ne nil his brethren had to carry burdens, Ho oon oludud an e'loquont and poworful diBoourso by ropoutlug tbo exhortation of. tho text, ' Brofehron, pray for us.' ' ' , Tho sarviao of instltutiou wbh thon proceeded with. Aftor tho Biahop had road tbo prosorlbod prsyors, nt tho dirnotion of his Lorduhip, tho Von, AtQlidt'iioon Tyrroll read tho lloounn of tho now in cumbent, which l,lin HiHliop thon dolivorodinto Mr. Hlllworth'H handv, Baying— 'Be thou a faithful winlator of God's Holy Word and Saoramonts, nnd a faithful Pantor undor tho groat Shophord of Sauls. Tho Lord pre.anrvo thy going oub and fchy ooinlnir in from thiu time forth for ovormoro.1 Af toy ' an totorvnl for nilont prnypr, tho hymn. 'Von! Creator' w»a roaitod by tho Biahoj), oloigy, and OQDgrogatloD) and tho uotvico procaodud to tUo ond, EEV. A. KILLWOETH, B.A., LL.B., Inducted July 1st, .189b\ when the hymn was sung: 'Ye servants of the Lord.' After the benediction, and as the clergy passed out of the church, the hymn ' O, Thou who nmkest bouIb to shine' was sung, and this con* eluded the proceedings. 