Visit of the Bishop of New Guinea. ST. PETER'S, EAST MAITLAND. Yesterday forenoon the' firs'; Bisliop of New Guinea, this Bighc Jttev. M. J. Stone- Wigg, who is making u tour chruu^ti the colony, prenciied in St. Pi'toi'ij Chuiuh, EitBt Muitiaud, There waB a fairly largo cougiegation. Th» R':v. Q. B. Scephonson Btiid the survice, thn Von. Aichiieuon Tyrrell roud inK the Iubbodb. The servicd was the muni one for the duy. Tbo bymns usttd were thu mistiouary onus — ' Fiom Uropnland's Icy Moiinlaiab' and ' L'rd, her watoh Thy church ia kee?ping.' Thu Bishop ohoBe as liio text, Sc. Mutt., xiii, 38, ' The fluid is tbe world.' Those words of our Lord from the parable of the tares, tho preacher said, might be used as u summing-up in brief of the Lurcl'i! parting charge to t'10 world and the church a-; hu ascended on high — 'All power ia given unto Me in heaven and in earth. Gro yi-, therefore, and t«ach all nations, baptising them in tho nsrao of the Father and of the Sou and of tbe Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe nil things whatsoever I have commanded you; and, lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.' All power, all truth, ail nation?, all time. The Held is tho world. Surely in the present ago they had a Bpocial responsibility to carry out that command. . Their empire included so many nations of the earth. Take for instance tnu country of Now Guinea. Ib was the act of uu Australian politician first to take it up. Ib was so near, Only 80 or 90 miles from their coast, so that if held by a foreign power, it would bo dangerous to us. At present the British had annexed a territory of 00,000 square miles, with a population of 2} millions. Ib was impassible to Australians to evade their responsi bility. The British and Australians had gone there and annexed the territory for their own selfish pur posoB. Thoy placed a Governor there, judges, mig iBtrates, and police) they puniahed those people for things they did not consider wrong — for Btealing, murder, tribal fights. It seemed to him they should teach the natives that these things were wrong, and thuC no body oould evade the responsi bility the annexation had oast upon them. They sympathised with their fallows iu siokness, distress, they had a hatred of superstition which was evil, and had a respect for those principles of righteousness, justice, and truth, which appealed to the heart and transformed the character and disposition in tho Christian life. Ib seemed unronBonable that they should go to New Guinea/ annex the territory and place it under British rule, open the oountry to tmde, and to tho worst elements oC their population, as shown by the digger, and the trader, when far from the effects of public opinion, without taking to them those moral, matorial, and spiritual blessings which their civilisation also bestowed upon them. To under stand the condition of New Guinea thoy would havo to imagine what their life would' be without all that , was represented by tho hospital, and a right oaro for the sick, the feeble, atid the infirm j tho dootor'B skill and the nui'se'a soothing influence, and tho use of drugs and' all mediuul saieuoe. Also without all that was summed up- in their schools -and good education, the training o'f life and character, the breaking down of ignorance, destroy ing idleness, and. giving new interests in life. And thirdly of all that was meant; by the ohuroh and tho oauao of God, as summed up in their historic oreads, and tho Word oE God. Even then thoy oould not fully see the condition of the people, for if they lost all theeo things, they had been with thorn bo long that they would for many generations enjoy the after plow. But these people of Now Guinea had never known them. They had never known what it was to havo a doctor, though non annexed 12 or 18 years, apart from the Governor who was a medionl man. Not only woro the natives without Buoh assistance but the white people who were there too, Then ib was only through tho missionary eooiety that the work oould be done. If tboy folt it was not right to punish those people for aots whioh thoy did nob consider wrong, they' should toach them that the aots wero wrong, and this could only bo aoaomplinhod by the aid of tho missionary. That wan not only hlB words but thoao of Sir William Maogregor— than whom they oould not get a bettor authority.. They had 800 iniloa of oountry bub only were working ia 40 at present. It was Sir William's desire that thoy should at onco bake up 80 more. Sir William said hie work of paoifyiag tho country oould not be done without tho aid of the Missionary fiooinbies, a stutcmont which should appeal to every .British subject. He said if an outrage ooourred, he oould sand his polioo and supproBB it; but when they wero withdrawn there was no guarantees that tho trouble would not be repoatod. But that wherevor a mission was ostabliahed there was newer a rccurronco of murders, tribal ware, or cannibal fcnsfcH. Thoir work had tho 'highest Christian authority and tho highoBt human authority. Thin work waB ono for the. whole church of Australia and Tasmania, and no one oould ovado tho responsibil ity. Ib was takon up by tho General Synod, in which thoy woro repreEontod by tho bishops, tho clorgy, and lay representatives. No ono could Bay ho was loyal to tho ohuroh if ho did not do ovory thing ho could for thiB work. This was tho ono offering thoy could do for tho Lord Josun Christ.— tho ono thing thoy had taken up to do themaulvos. Thoy had no help from tho old land.: it was thoir own work, and they had undertaken nnd woro fully computont to do it themselves. It should have the Rupport of ovory man and woman. Thoy Bhould Bupport it by thoir moans and by flolf-saoriflce, WaB thore any timo moro suitablo for tho showing of aolf-saorifloe, as tho commenccnionb of Holy Week, when tho Lord gave Himaolf for them, and which was Icopt iu Bpocial memory of HIb cross and pasaion. Tho appoal carao to them from tho Cross. If thoy valued what Ho had dono for thorn, thoy would holp to bring that great blessing homo to others. It wna nob rnnroly spiritual bloaaingB and advantages j they ohould also roinomhor that thoy livod in poaoo and tmfoby, and in comfort and luxury. All theso blooaingH came to thorn through tho aid oE lniaRionarioa, and thoy should do all thoy oould to bring them to othors. If any part of tho world nhould fool tho responsibility of missionary work, Biiroly ib waB Australia, whfoh had rocoivod so muola ftotn fcho old world. Parts of QuoonBland and West AuBtralia depended Btill for tho nupply of olorgy upon tho old oountry. Ifc was thoir duty to asRlnb still nowor lands. Thoy had not only to attond to tho nativoa, but thero wero 800 or 400 whito pooplo at prosont, and thoy would increase in numbers ovory yoar, and they ohould bo ftlivo to thoir wtinfco. Thoso who woro going with him did ao for no oarthly roward — Dimply for food and raimont. Tho ohurch in Australia auonind vory poor, and oould aparo little for this work. Tho alergymon woro giving up thoir inoomcB, and W.io artiaanu all thoir wagon, nhnply for their food and raimont. Ho had boon appealing to them on moral ^roiindo, but ho would have thorn realise that thoy nhonld aaniat on bhe iiichoub grounds— for their Lord and Saviour who tad diod upon tho Crona. Thoy nhoujd take up tli« dross, and ho again appualed to them on tho ;luty of making a aoif-e/icrllioo. 