WILD EELJN:" By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Heth," " A Princess of Thule," " Macleod of Dare." " The Strange Ad- , . ventures of a Phaeton." . "Briseis," " Hljrhland Cousins," etc, etc (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER IV (Continued.) "" It was about 8 o'clock, and the BUU had set some twenty minutes before ; but in these latitudes there is an abun- dance- of daylight at that hour, in the early part of August. All along the west, over the wooded hills, there reigned a golden afterglow, fair, and peaceful, and serene, that had hardly anywhere a suggestion of cloud ; but overhead in the pellucid blue-gray there were a few saffron-tinted flakes, change- less and motionless, their soft and steady fire seeming to say that they could see things unknown to the denizens of this nether world that they were looking out to the wild conflagration going on among the Coolies peaks, and by the shores of Canon, and Uist, and Barry, and across the flaming waters of the Atlantic to the splendours of the horizon line. Here, indeed-all around her, as she went on between the open fields and the rowans and alders bordering the river everything was quiet and tranquil, and inclined to become mystically pale, v Tue glow from the west reflected on the broad bosom of the stream was of a soberer tone and on the oily surface of the smoothly-swinging current there were myriads of rapid, tremulous threads and streaks and touches of shadow, where the swift changing ripples caught the opalescent blue of the zenith. The trees, too, seemed to be darkening somewhat ; one could imagine a trace of spectral mist through and behind the heavy masses of foliage. It was daylight, but not day ; there was something added-a something indefinite, illusory in the all-pervading hush and drawing on of the closing hours might not the cries of Little Isabel of the Bannocks come plaintively over from yonder heights ? Well, it was not of Little Isabel of the Bannocks, nor yet of any golden haired poet who might haunt these solitudes, that Eelin Macdonald was thinking as she left the hither side of the stream, and crossed one small suspension bridge after another, and followed the winding paths under the lofty trees and through the tangled brush- wood of each successive island ; it was rather of the superlative merits of the embrocation she carried with her in her pocket and when at length she had reached the Keeper's cottage, and when she had accomplished her mission in the brisk, common-sense, good-humoured manner she could assume when she chose-then It was. and not till then, that' she began to look a little at her surroundings and consider what she should do next. The islands are very attractive, no doubt and the River russians are properly proud of such an ingenious combination of public park and natural wilderness, of clear brown swirls and eddies under the overhang- ing hazel and alders, and open and foaming white cataracts where artificial barriers divert the broad rush of the river. But then she had just come round from that direction and there might be a little variety in going along the other bank, and crossing by the big suspension bridge further down ; moreover, there would be ample time for her to get home before dusk and so, finally, without thought of harm-without definite intention of any kind-she held on her solitary way. , And for her, indeed, it promised to be a sufficiently solitary way. For though she was now facing towards the town, and had in sight about a mile of both banks of the dish, with the town itself closing in the vista-the towers of the Cathedral, the bridges across the wide water, the scattered houses and gardens, and dominating the whole the lofty 1 Castle Hill with its baronial walls and a parapets-and notwithstanding that the peaceful hour might have been expected to tempt the good folk out from their homes there were remarkably few people to be seen only a single figure, or single couple, here or there in the distance. She recalled that afterwards, It was a rather picturesque scene before her, but it was almost an untenanted one. And this was how the miracle of transformation came to be wrought. She was passing behind some trees and bushes about the last of them on this bank-when she suddenly heard one small boy call to another " Here, Jock, Jock he's got a fresh !" She could not see the small boys ; but (unless one of them was a liar) she knew what had happened ; so she instantly pushed her way through the hazel branches and the still more perplexing briars, until she could look out and down upon the broad river. She had anticipated correctly. Some way out, and well over his waist in the water, was an elderly man, who, with a flat cap and tassel, might have been taken for a Georgian schoolboy, or, with a diver's helmet, would have looked as if he had just come up from the bottom, so buggy and capacious were the indiarubber readers that he wore up to his armpits and the top of his salmon rod was steadily bent (no curve of beauty invented by any artist of old was ever half so beautiful as that curve) ; while he himself was struggling to back out of the heavy current, and yet not daring to detach his attention from the line. " Hold on to him, Fergus !" cried Wild Eelin, jeeringly for she plainly recognised his predicament. He must have known her voice, he and Miss Eelin being old and familiar friends ; but he paid no heed to her he did not even turn his head when he had successfully made his way ashore and washed-up on the grass. He had enough to occupy him. Most likely he had been fishing this pool for several days, hour after hour, morning and evening, without getting a single rise to his fly and now that he had induced one of the coy creatures to accept a Dunkeld, or a Silver Doctor, or a Durham Ranger, he was not going to waste any of his thought on a laughing eyed, saucy minx who had come along to look over his shoulder, as it were. Especially at the beginning of the fight, when all was as yet uncertainty. Now it is to be observed that at the opening of these proceedings there were only four spectators-that is to say, the fisherman Fergus Dunn, the daughter of the House of Kinvalg, and two name- less and bare-footed laddie. And the town was a mile away and it was past eight o'clock and the surrounding country had appeared deserted. And yet very soon Miss Eelin, who could not help carrying to witness this silent duel between Fergus and the fish, became vaguely conscious that several people had congregated around her-be- hind her on the grassy bank and upon the gravelled pathway and every yard i or two that the salmon retreated down the river, this unknown concourse, mysteriously augmenting itself every moment, also moved forward. At first she gave the scattered crowd no heed, because it was mostly invisible to her, and all her attention was concentrated on the point where the line touched the water ; but presently this ever- increas- ing assemblage had extended up and down until it seemed to encompass the fisherman and his young companion. Whence and whither had these people come, then, on this still, voiceless vacant evening ? Had they sprung out of the bowels of the earth ? There was a boil on the surface of the current : Boom ! went a murmur of excitement through the mass of spectators. And yet truly this was but a poor spirited, fish ; it would not show any kind of fight ; It merely sulked at the bottom from time to time, and then again it would fall down with the dream, making it a matter of calcula- tion as to how long It would take to reach the sea. " A sluggish one, that, Fergus," said the girl who was following him step by step. " Beggars marina be choosers, Miss FJelin." responded her friend ; salmon of any kind being prized in these waters. And meanwhile the small multitude, that had doubtless been perceived from the Castle Hill, had grown with incredible rapidity to a great multitude old men and young, lasses and lads, mess- age-boys, grave townsfolk, strangers in tourist attire ; why, even the nurses at the Infirmary opposite had come flying across the garden to peer through the railings at the unwonted turmoil. All along the banks and out on to the suspension bridge these eager swarms of folk clustered, with eyes glowering through the gathering dusk at the oily breadth of river; it was a nervous crowd, expectant, quick to answer and warn and assert among Its composite members ; while even the dogs had become quite excited by the general fear plant. and were careering hither and thither, yelping and barking. Then every newcomer-every unit added to the dense accumulation-had to be informed and had plenty of informants. " It's only a sea-front !" said one, con- temptuously. He was a fool.. " It's a twenty-pounder-I saw him himself when he jumped out of the water to another maintained, thinking to gain importance. He was a liar. " There's no half enough strain on the line !" said a third. He was a critic and a fool and a Her all combined. " Teach your grandmother t There's not a better fisherman than Fergus Dunn in the whole of Inverness-shire !" "Keep out of the way there, you laddies!" A Hand backband back Give the man a chance !" "I'm saying', will melody ca' in they did dogs !" This outburst of righteous indignation was addressed to the crowd at large, by an irate old carter who appeared to have gone half out of his mind with sympathetic anxiety. " Allah ! Look-look ! Tncu- there there are thousand exclamations broke forth simultaneously when twice the sluggish salmon rolled over and showed itself on the surface and then there was an all-absorbing scrutiny to see that the line still held. It was the strangest spectacle none stranger of its kind could be found any- where else in the Queen's dominions : the war twilight gradually coming over the castle hill, and the town, and the hanging woods, but leaving the wide stream of a curious metallic hue ; the dark assemblage, slow-moving and murmuring ; the nucleus of this nebulous gathering a little elderly man who was being steadily drawn down to the sea by a stubborn fish, his companion a young girl who was either carried on, step by step, by the keenness of her interest in the struggle, or who was too proud to acknowledge the existence of this great concourse surrounding her. Then came the thrilling moment of the bridge and when old Fergus was seen to descend into the water again, to follow the fish underneath, there were further exclamations, " The man'll drown himself " He cannot hold back against that wells of' water !" " He'll be into a hole !" " Ach away He knew every stone on the bottom as well's he kens the High-street !" " he cannot followings no possible !" Indeed it seemed a perilous exploit for the river was high and here the confined current charged furiously through ; but Fergus.xcautinusly groping with foot after foot, made on and on, until the mass of spectators over his head had to rush from one side of the bridge to the other. And still the tackle held and still the obdurate salmon, trusting solely to the weight of the stream, and not bring itself by any dramatic flourishes, kept retreating and retreating and still the mystical twi- light deepened all around, until here and there, through the gardens of the adjacent hill is, the grldeD star of some newly-lit lamp trembled and gleamed. As for Wild Eelin, forgetful of time, place, and circumstances, the overpowering fascination of the pursuit held her captive and old Fergus, who had returned to the bank after getting underneath the bridge, addressed to her a word now and again, as if assuming she would not desert him, but see out this adventure to the end. Besides, there was an indescribable glamour, witchery, diabetic about the scene all around her, now that the darkness was closing down ; the sombre, half-silent assemblage seemed a phantasmal kind of thing ; the spectral light on the water appeared to come from no earthly source. Of a sudden there was a low cry from the crowd ; the fish had shown itself again even through that ashen glare on the surface of the current. " The white feather at last !" " Dod, he'd better take care : Fergus Dunn's efter 'm !" " The dour devil he'll be off yet !" And again he showed this time sail- ing somewhat nearer the bank. Fergus took a firm stand, reeling up tight. By this time they were all of them down in the suburbs of Inveresk, and servants at attic windows and their mistresses at front doors were straining their eyes out into the dusk, wondering at the tumult. At length, and unexpectedly, Fergus turned to his companion. " Will ye take the rod now, Miss Eelin ?" There was hardly any opportunity for hesitation, and she was a fearless kind of creature : the next second she had got the rod in her left hand, and the fingers of her right hand on the eel while' old Fergus was creeping and crouching down by the water-side, with a formidable steel instrument in his grip. The hum of the people had almost ceased ; they seemed to dread lest their talking-their very breathing might work some mischief. Inch after each Fergus crawled along : Eelin was putting on all the strain she dared ; then there was a gradual giving in and giving author fingers busy with the rest as if her very life depended on it : finally came a quick stroke of the gaff, and the next moment the fish, in the fading light, was seen to be safe on the bank. The whole multiple seemed to give one sigh of relief and satisfaction, and the pent-up flood of excited talk broke loose, each man turning to his neigh- bour with a triumphant look, as if he himself had been through the long contest and come out the happy victor. And now, for Miss Eelin, arrived the reaction. When she had surrendered the red and bade good-night to Fergus, she turned to set out for home, and the crowd courteously made way for her to pass. She went back to the suspension bridge, which was now almost empty ; she crossed over to the other side, and then she - sped away like a ghost through the crepuscular gloom. There was no longer any intoxicating eager- ness of interest, no proud disregard of bystanders, no wilful self-reliance. A certain chilliness of reflection had supervened. There was an ominous question occupying her 'mind and momentarily assuming larger dimensions and the question was this-What would the shy, gentle - natured, decorous Bean-an Tighearn'think when told that of her daughter Eelin had acted as gillie for an old fisherman. . In full view of the assembled populace of Inverntoh, to-day noting of the hotel-touria's from the south V Nay, Eclin herself could now recall (with a burning forehead) that at the very moment she took the rod from old Fergus she distinctly heard one English stranger say to his companion, " Why, it's better than a theatre I" She would have liked to kill that man. Now amongst those who had made way to let her go through the crowd was a rather good-looking young fel- low-tall,' fair-haired, with refined features, and somewhat timid gray eyes who seemed considerably struck by her appearance. He was daring enough In the dim half darkness no one could notice him-to let his regard follow her while she remained in sight. And then he turned to his neighbour who was waiting to see the two-pounder tied head and tail. "Do you know who that young lady was ?" he ventured to ask. The lad who looked like a trades- man's messenger, and doubtless was acquainted with everybody stared at his confession of ignorance. ;. That ?" said he. " That was Miss Macdonald of Kluvaig !" (To be continued.) 