HOLY TRINITY CONCERT. A LARGE AUDIENCE. The Mechanics’ Institute was crowded on Thursday evening at a concert in aid of the funds of Holy Trinity Church. Instead of three rows of seats from end to end of the building, there were but two when the doors opened, the vacant space being filled by small tables. But it was soon found that the seats in the hall were not able to hold the audience, and more seats were brought in and placed in the passages. Even then, many were obliged to stand. The programme was one of exceptional merit and quite succeeded in entertaining the large audience. Miss Ada Browne discharged the duties ot accompaniste most efficiently. Misses L and M. Breaks played a pianoforte -duet, and some Shakesperian tableaux were shown, in costumes worn at the recent much criticised Shakesperian ball. The scenes were from Macbeth, and inclu ded the witch scene, where the witches gather round the cauldron to concoct their magical potion ; where they meet Macbeth and salute him as Thane of Glamis, &c;, ; where King Duncan comes as a guest to Macbeth ; and the ghost scene, following upon the murder of the King. An air of realism was given to the tableaux by the introduc tion by Miss Styles of the letter scene from Macbeth. In this communication, the news of the King’s intended visit is conveyed, ahd Lady Macbeth, flushed with the honors lately conferred on her husband, and determined to realise the witches’ prophecy that her husband shall be King, determines that King Duncan shall be murdered during his visit to her house. The King has mapped out a programme for the day after his visit, but Lady Macbeth declares in tones of tragic solemnity “ Never shall summer sun that'morrow see.” The lines are very beautiful, and as they were declaimed by Miss Styles, were a treat to listen to. There was no exaggeration or straining after effect, yet the performer succeeded in impart ing their thrilling import to the audi lines. In return for a very spontaneous recall, Miss Styles recited a scene from “ The Merchant of Venice.” The lines are by Portia, where she decides to impersonate a man and appear in court as an advocate to defend Antonio from the consequences of his bond with the usurer, Shylock. Another very .pleasing feature on the programme was the appearance of Miss Kitty Grindlay, who has apparently not for gotten how to charm a local audience, and a local audience, on its part, has not by any means forgotten its old favorite. Miss Grindlay was encored for “ A Summer Night,” rendered with great descriptive power and expression. Imresponse to an enthusiastic encore, she sang “ We’d Better Bide a We,’’ and it may be said that never has more meaning been imparted to the words of this song on the local stage. It was indeed difficult to realise that a hack neyed old song was being rendered. Miss Grindlay and Mr. A. V. Hannah also sang a duet, “ Maying,” very nicely. Mr. Hannah sang “ My Life For Thee” in excellent voice, and succeeded in thoroughly moving the audience. In response to a well deserved encore, he sang “ The Waggon.” Mr Wetherick sang “ The Dear Home Land,’’ and Miss Tubb was encored for her singing of “ For All Eternity,” and gave “ Sixty Years Ago ” in response. Mr J. Pennefather also shared in the honors, receiving an encore for his comic song, and Dr. Bryant was encored for his song, “The Swallows,” and gave “Come Into the Garden Maud ” in response. The comedietta, “ A Sensational Case,” concluded the programme. Miss Styles was the representative of Miss Jennings, the curious old lady who imagines the occupant of an adjoining room (Mrs Winter) is plotting a murder, but it turns out that she is only plotting a novel. Miss Grindlay represented Mrs. Winter. Both ladies acquitted themselves splendidly and entered into the humor of the situation so well as to send the audience home in a merry mood, 