A DIABOLIC GAME. As AMERICAn STOOY.I "Gentlemen, there is something more than mere bluster behind my words. I am willing to stake one quarter of a mil lion of American dollars on the sound ness of my judgment. I repeat that I shall produce my son, a child ten years old, in comparison with rhom the most skilful of you will be the merest tyros. If any of you have the courage to pick up the gauntlet I have thrown down to you, I am ready within one hour to place a certified cheque for 50,000 dol lars into the hands of any responsible stakeholder that may be designated. What say you, gentlemen 1' The scene is the famous Occident Club of San Francisco; a club whose member ship includes almost all the western mil-. lionaires, bonanza kings, and railroad magnates. Its palatial home is situated in one of the most fashionable streets of that city, and within its portals nightly there is wagered, lost. and won fortunes, which to express would require at least fire figures. No game of skill or hazard known to the civilised world but finds the devotees willine to otter up sacrifice on its altar; no fonore? foreigner to whom the hospitality of the club is ex tended ever leaves disappointed in a desire to engnae in his national: game, whatever that might be. On the evening on which the reader is ushered into this temple of opulence, a stranger presents himself at the door, and delirers to the President a sealed letter of introduction from a member, ,ho is now abroad on a tour of the world. The letter describes him as an Indian gentleman of independent fortune, who is about to visit the United States in quest of novelty. " I met Mr IMyrrheli in Bombay," the letter goes on, "and I rmet him none too soon. I don't recollect much about the affair; it all happened so qaickly that its details failed, I suppose, to imprint themselves on the wax of my memory. All I remember is going out one evening, and being set upon, in the shadows of a street lamp, by a gang of thugs. The next morment my throat was ncirecled by an iron grasp; the blood ra throbbed tumultuously in my temples ; 0 and my eyes were blinking painfully at D the scintillating glitter of half- a-dozen m blades flashing round my head. I've been d in a good many hard places in my day, in s5 the good old times of '49, but never before was I so near dying with my boots on. I was just about to surrender the ghost; the steel was just within an inch of my breast, when a pistol shot rang out I so near that my ears were momentarily deafened. There was a shrill shriek from - one of my assailants, then the entire mob a dropped me like lead and ran. "The man who saved my life was Mr " 3Myrrheli, who, as my good fate would have it, came along in the nick of time. I cultivated his acquaintance afterwards, r as you may suppose; helis a royal good fellow, despite the fact that he is a Hin. doo, and a sportsman down to his toes. From which series of facts as a premise, i I deduce that you must make him wel- t come, for my sake." i The letter is characteristic; and, to 1 the President, every line exhales the I effervescent nature of his old friend 1 Domphrey. With such an open sesame s there is little fear that the door of hospi- . tality will remain closed against the e stranger; on the contrary, all present i crowd round him, anxious to shake the c hand that has saved a brother's life. The foreigner is about thirty-five years of age, rather undersized, dark.visaged, i wiry; with a sharp, thin face and high i forehead, spanned by eyes of an intense blackness, looking into which a man feels i as if he stands gazing into a stream of some atramentous liquid whose depth is infinite. His face is clean- shaven; and his thin, bloodless lips shut tightly over teeth whose immaculate pearliness causes them to gleam, when he smiles, with an unpleasant lustre ; and this sinister effect is omphasised by a peculiar upward twitch of the lips, when they expand in good humor. About his dress there is nothing remarkable, except that it fits his lithe form perfectly. " Tremendously glad to know you, you know," for the hundredth time repeats young Dick Travis, who has recently been elevated to the social importance of a multi-millionaire by the lamented death of an uncle. " Delighted, by Jove 1 Say, Dumphrey must have felt creepy shivers running down his spinal column just about then, eh 1 Well, I guess I Have somethin1g Serves him right, anyway. Why in thunder does he have to go • poking his nose into other people's coun tries forl VWhy couldn't he stay at home and play poker like a sane man, eh 1" 5Mr ?Myrrheli politely confesses igno. rance on this dubious point, observing in faultless English, and with the slight eat of accents, that the mental condition of a person who prefers to travel rather than play poker at home is indeed inex plicable. "Queer duck," whispers Dick Travis to a friend; "he looks the picture of one of these esoteric fellows you read about, don't yon know ; one of those occult ehaps and Eastern adepts, who juggle thelr souls out of their bodies, and then -travel through space, in astral form, to save railway expenses. All the same, I wonder if he plays poker 7' "WVhy not ask him 7" suggests his friend. "Not yet ; wait. 1By Jove, what eyesl I Did you notice them I They stab right through a fellow, don't you know." The stranger saunters through the spa. cious rooms, admiring the sumptuousness of the furnishings, and remarking the air of rigid exclusiveness that seems to per vade the atmosphere of the place. He finally stops at a table whoere several per sons are engaged in a game of chess. The white host is managed by a keen. eyed, broad-browed, middle-aged man; whilst the sable army is under the command of several who play in consultation. It is obvious that the general of the white forces is more than a match for the comn bined strength of his adversaries. Myrr heli stands watching; tlhe vicissitudes of the mimic battleu, slmiling faintly na;; and then as the allies make a particularly weak move. "wAr oHardisng is a strong player l" he whispers to a bystander, with a note of interrogation in his voice. He had an introduction to llarsdin;t in the former part of the evening. "Strong player IHe is con-sidered one of the greatest chess masters in the world I" "Indeed I A member of the profes. sional ranks, I prosume 1" " " Oh, no: he's worth ten millions if he's north a cent; plays for the love of the game, you know. But I've heard it said by competent judges that he's a match for the best European player." "'rhank you." He now follows the wace with increased interest. "'Mate in eight moves," announces Hrding, whereat the allies looked incre dulous. Ianding smiles, and the game is c'e tinurd ; ut the eighth move sees the clhekmate accom blished. Jetfeoy Hatding looks up, and his eyes pnet those of Myrrheli. "Ah." says he genially, " I see you have been watching our game Mr iMyrr leli. Are you interested in chess I" ",Very much, indeed, but there my claims rest ; I am but an indifferent player." "You will pardon me if I decline to accept your word as tothat. I should be delighted if you would allow me to judge for myself." "Oh, certainly," smilee the Indian. if you can afford to waste your time on such as I." Mfyrrheli sits down, the pieces are ar ranged, and Harding gives the advantage of the more to the guest. There is a curious Glitter of satisfaclion in the In dian's eye as he pushes the king's pawn two squares. The game proceeds, but the American wins without apparent effort. '" Oh, but you must give me my re venge. I do not propose to allow you to demolin?h m-y forces so easily the next time," says MyrFneto goou-numaorr.Yu. Harding bows assent. The result, not withstanding Myrrheli's increased exer tion, is the same. "You see I was right," observes the uest. lightly shruging i shoulders and waring his hand to signify that the inevi table ust be accepted. But after a mo ment's hesitation: " I think I know somebody whom you would hare much -in fact, I do not think you cold-er SI see," says Harding," with interest; "a compatriot of yours?" By this time the room is well filled with members, who have been drawn hither by curiosity to witness the issue of the contest between their champion and the stranger. They belive Harding to be invincible. The Indian's words to them savor of impertinence. " Well, yes," Myrrheli says in answer to Harding's question ; " in fact, a son of mine." . "A son of yoursn'" raising his eye brows. "4 He must still be quite young." " He is--I.' is nOl yet en." A moment of silence, and then a roar of laughter greets this announcement. That speech of his is not only imperti nent. but stupid as well. Harding flushes. "That's one on you, Harding 1" cried Dick Travis, when the cachinnatory storm subsides. " I beg your pardon," says Harding to the Indian coldly, without deigning to notice the last remark ; " : understand you to say-" A wondering stare ends the question. '" Yes, sir-I said that my son, who is ten years old, will easily hold his own _ainst you. I will go further, gentle. mnen," turning to the pectators; 'I will say that there is not a person preai asi this room whom my son cannot defeat in a match." Several shrugged their shoulders, as if to intimate they will not attempt to ex plain the particular form of mental aber ration from which their guest is suffering. Others smile in derision. At this moment Dick Travis steps briskly forward. lie winks mischievously at [Iarding. He ovi dently intends to enjoy a little fun at the strmger's expense. " Sow that's a thundering big opinion to -be responsible for, Mr MIyrrheli," he begins, punctuating every couple of words with an additional wink to his fellow-members. "You see we West erners out here have an unswerving faith in the eloquence of the yellow metal, and all our oratorical jobs we assign to this Demosthenes. He has a voice musical enough to charm ears that are deaf to Beethoven, and strong enough to be heard at the Antipodes. A vulgar fellow might express the same truth by telliug you that ' money talks,' don't you know ; and of course you, as a sport, are It is now that the Indian rises, and, without any apparent excitement, utters -:-___ m.i- Th-e s an interval of atonished silence. This smore than Dick had bargained for. here can be no question that the :ndian sincere; his manner and tone are a ultficient guarantee of that. But two sundred and fifty thousand dollars! Who ,er heard of such a sum wagered on the sue of a ehess contest? And what a hess contest ! A boy of ten opposed to ,mn of the world's greatest players ! Two undred and fifty thousand dollars i Who , this man who speaks so lightly of risk ag n king's ransom on the skill ofa hild 1 An Fastern nabob to whom money ; as sand I An Indian 'Monte Cristo 1 At length Myrrheli breaks the silence. " So, gentlemen," says he, with a quiet laugh, which nevertheless sends a thrill of exasperation through his hearers, " your Yellow Demosthenes has suddenly lost its voice, it seems. You are not in clined, I perceive, to repose any pecu niary confidence in your champion, Mr Travis," turning to the latter worthy, and speaking very softly, "I do not suppose yoou intended to be token seriously, so " By Heavene !" bursts out Dick, "you can't ring in bluff on us forgenuine grit. I'll call your ante and force you to a shaw.down, you bet. If you've got the nerve to support your words by a roll of bank-notes, then produce your infant phenomenon, and, by thunder, I've got 250,000 dollars that say Harding'll eat him up ?" "Excuse me," puts in Harding quietly, "but it seems to me that I'm the party most concerned. Mr Myrrheli. if you are in earnest, I accept your offer." "No, sir-ee," roars Dick Travis, "you can't freeze me out of this for a good deal. I was the first one to pick up this nut, and whether it belongsto you or not, I want a share." Harding, I'll go you halves." "Very well, that is a bargain, if Mr Myrrheli is still of the same mind.". " I see no reason to change it," assert the Indian. "Then the wager is made. Have you any conditions to offer as regards tle match P'" None; except that I should prefer a time-limit." " Will twenty moves an hour do I" " Perfectly.' " Have you no suggestion to offer as to tho number of games to be played T' "Suit yourself as to that." " Then I propose a rubber of three Sames: two victories to win the match, draws not counting." " That is satisfactory to me. Let me se ; it is now twenty minutes to loven. Do you see any objection, Mr Harding, to settling our friendly little disputo to-night? I have certified cheques amounting to the necessary sum in my rooms, and if you are willing, they, together with my son, shall be here within the next hour." " Oh, there are no objections to that from our side. Mr 'chey, hero, will act as stakeholder, if you have nobody else in :mind. We, howe.ver, do not happen to have certi/fi. cheques about us for tile required amount. If you-" "Don't mention it; any ordinary cheque, or your word of honor for that matter, is equally satisfactory. Good night, gentlemen, I shall soon have the pleasure of rojoining you." Curiously onough, no one at the lio. ment thinks it at all singular that rMyrr heoli should have certified cheques for so enormlous a sum without possessing any foroe.knowlecdge-as, indeed, horw could he--el the use to which thcoyroud be' put. "Philoston, it worked like a charm." " What I You haven't succeeded so soon P' in a tone of delighted incredu litv. "Completely; It all happened as we had planned. I allowed Harding to win a couple of games from me, and then nagged him and a fellow Travis into ac copting a bet for 250,000 dollars that Harding could not win a match played aainst my son - mn son ; good, is it notl " You see, the letter of introduction allayed whatever suspicions might have been excited at the largeness of the wager. They believe that Dumphrey really wrote it for me in Bombay. He was the easiest subject I ever practised on-a look straiht into his eyes, and ' write' I cry, and he writes." "But Harding will not prove so tract able a subject. I know him. He is a man of iron wilL ' "Pshaw' What care I for that 1 Not for nothing did I pass the best days of my life among the Inner Circle of Adepts in the mou"ttins of Thibet. I know md business. Besides. I have already told you--hypnotising him will be only a last resource. I am confident that I am his superior as a player; [ have defeated better men than he is. The suoggestion of the boy as a part of the scheme was a stroke of inspiration. Bad I offered to bet 250,000 dollars on myself, the natural answer would have been : ' My dear sir we must know something more about your record as a player.' But who would kesitate to hack a man like Harding against a vca-)?e.ueln =, cor nor should they suspect that the child will be a mere livmin automaton as it were, to act the will of my intelligence IT .ot long ago John Philoston had been an honored scion of an honored house, the acknowledged leader of his set. But eine and cards plunged him into a cur rent of dissipation which held its victim in its frigid embrace, till it finally cast him on the reef of social ostracism. So man need be moral; but all men must seem to be. When, therefore, tales of doubtful honesty began to assail the ears of Society about its darling and prince, Society was perforce compelled to shed the scales wherewith it had wilfully blinded itself to his true character, and the edict went forth "cut him dead." He was "cut dead," expelled from the Occident Club, of which he was a mem ber, and then slid gradually down the decline of respectability, till at the time we meet him his fondest boast was that he was the most expert card-sharper on the Pacific Slope. A lucky season of plunging at the race course had made him temporarily rich; it was then that he chanced upon Myrr heli, doing a " turn" in a music hall in one of those mushrorm mining camps which disfigure the Far West like so many pock-marks A parnership between them was soon formed, and a plot soon concocted whereby Philoston's money and Myrrheli's.powers of diablery might be jointly turned to profitable account. Dumphrev was then contemplating a tour of the world; hearing of this, Myrrheli managed to make his acquaintance, with Well, well," continued the Indan, "we are wasting time; where is the child ?" "Asleep." " Then rouse him. Time presses. I promised to he hack in an hour." "To-night 1 Well, so much the better. 3Iyrrheli, here are the cheques. I trust you, you see ; but-I rely on the fact that you know me. The child is in the next room. He will be ready in five minutes.'" The boy is soon dressed-a poor, nhrinking, trembling little creature, with a piteous look of persecution in his eyes, whom the schemers had bought from an Indian mother for a few dollars. "Now then, sonny," cries 3Hyrrholi roughly, "just look at me!" "Oh, please-please, father," comes from the quivering lips in broken English -they had commanded him to call BMyrr heli father-" don't look at me like that. Myy- my head aches so after-" MJyrrheli bends down, and grasping the little fellow s chin, forcibly elevates his head till their eyes meet on a level. A few moments thus, and the child's face becomes set, while his eyes assume a glazed, unnatural appearance. "There now we are ready. Hypnotism is a wonderful thing, is it not ? Here's a child who doesn't know a king from a I pawn, yet who will soon play chess with a skill which few masters, indeed, are capa. ble of transcending. Come on, sonny the carriane is waiting for us. Good-bye, for me, then-- ell, we shall see. Depetd upon it, we shall be a quarter of a million dollars richer by the time you see me again." . "So this is the prodigy, sh I" cries Dick Travis. "Well, if this bundle of dazed humanity can out-general Harding,: I'm willing to lose my money." The Indian bows coldly. "M[r Belvey has my money," says he, "and yours, too. INow lot us proceed with the business at hand." Harding sits down at a table. There is a smile on his face which he vainly tries to suppress. He has decided, for his part, not to accept the money which he will win. It is hardly honest to gain where one ventures nothing. "Sit down, sonny," says Myrrheli, turning to the boy. "This gentlemani will pla a game of chess with you; do yon understandl" "Yes, father," mechanically. The board is prepared; and the move being drawn for, is won by Harding. A double atopelock of the pattern ordinarily employed in matches of this character it laced in the centre of the table. Myrrheli stations himself opposite the boy. No referee has been appointed ; none is deemed necessary. The fifty or sixty members in the room group them selves so as to command the best possible o..I nf thn ,,nane hattln_ Hardingoffers the King's gambit, which the child unhesitatingly accepts. At every move the boy glances up at his father, an if to seek inhis face some token of approval; no one pays any attention to this. As the play continuen, an expression of surprise diffuses. itself over Harding's countenance. The child is certainly precociously clover. Of course, it is absurd to speak of equality between them, still--ah the little beggar is spreading an elaborate not. Decidedly he has a remarkable future before him ; at the odds of a rook, the issue would be extremely doubtful. IWhat! Another combination'l A knight would adequately express the difference in their play. Ho is full of resources. Ah, at lat I The little fellow has made a slip. "Checkmate in five moves," announces Harding, sitting back in his chair. Dick Travis gaze falls on Myrrheli. Beyond a hardly perceptible pallor, there is nothing to indicate that he is affected by Harding's ?mmouncment. \Whatever his emotions, he holds them masterfully in lealsh. The fifth move confirms larding's statement; the boy has lost the first game. The second skirmish begins. The boy opens with the Ruy Lopez attack. Of all openings, this to the ordinary player seems least attacking ; but the child soon makes it evident that lie understands whllerein its potency lies. Tile alpctatoi look alternately at the board nod at one another. Is it poesible that this wee little creature successfully maintains the attack, despite llarding's strongest defen sivo moves ? As for the latter, the oex pression on his face has become almost ludicrous in its profound artouisohment. A knight! He can no more give the odds of a knight to this boy than he can give it to Steinitz. Wait I What meoans the last lemve 1 Good heavens I There leoes not appear to be any way of eoc?ping heckmata except by sacrificing two ,peces. He must think. He glances up at the clock. But ten minutes to make the next seven moves ! There's no time to analyse- the position. The two pieces musot go. He pushes a figure which has the effect of losing a knight and a bishop. SHa " whispred Travis to a neighbor, " I'll bet he has a gilt-edged combination up his sleeve; but the kid's a dandy." Travis is mistaken. By several cogent mores, the child compels the exchange of queens, after which his superiority of force enab.es him to win another piece, and, finally, at the twenty-eighth move, to announce checkmate. " Well, I'll be hanged I" ejaculated Travis. A prolonged sigh that is almost a whistle quivers through the audience. Harding flushes He feels inexpressibly humiliated. When the third and deciding game begins, there is visible a tense look of excitement on the faces of the on-lookers to this remarkable exhibition. The smiles of derision are no more. In their place have come an expression of absorbing curioitv and intense interest. The room is cool and perfectly ventilated, but on the brow of more than one, the beads of perspiration gleam like the early morning dew on the forest brambles. There is an involuntary movement to crowd nearer to the table as Harding makes the opening more. Myrrheli stands quiet and con fident. He had made a fatal miscalcula tion in the first game; hot the second trulr showed the relative strength ot the players. Perhaps, aerall, there will be no occasion to call his reserve powers into opetation. Harding's fourth move resolves the fime into the Evans' gamit attack. The American has frequently defeated Tchi gorine himself at this opening, and when he child accepts the sacrificed pawn, Harding feels confident of victory. The onslaugt he institutes is terrfic, but in rain thunders his batteries, The grand diapason of battle swells not louder from his ranKs than from the ranks of the enemy. Shot is met by shot, and stratagem r! stratagem. Each plays slowly, warly, deliberating over every move, pondering the consequences of every variation.; lyrrheli's eyes are glued to the board lot for a moment do they leave it; 500,000 dollars depend on the issue of his game : The end of the first hour's play. So far !o advantage is discernible on either side. With every move the excitement of the audience is augmented. Unconsciously one grasps another by te hand and both press till the blood leaps to the nails. Harding is playin- dis strongest. He has discarded the n',:ion that he can offer odds to this marvellous little fellow with the set, expressionless face of a wax figure, and the brain of a dozen 3Morphys. It. is even doubtful, he confesses, whether, by playing his best, he can do better than draw. If he comes off victor, he will accept his winnin"s. SBut wait ! Let him think ! Is there not a break in the ranks of the youthful general ? The child's last move was weak, and-yes there is an opportunity for brilliant play. But he must first consider; a fale step may prove irre trievable. Is the combination soundl No-yes-no; it all depends on the child's next move. Will he tee the danger in time 1 By heavens ! he doesn't I Harding looks up. He has won. No earthly skill can save the game. Of that he is confident. His eyes rest on the clock. He has time to spare. One after another he sacrifices first a knight, and then a queen ; in exchange he takes one bishop, but he has secured a position wherein he can force checkmate with the residue of his nieces., Harding perceives ?l rrheli glancing at the clock and follows the direction of the Indian's eyes. . Four minutes to make the next four moves," Hardingmentallynotes. " More than enough. The moves ate already determined. Altogether they cannot consume two minutes. On that fourth move, too, the checkmate will be an ac complished fact." He so announced aloud. Myrrheli's face has become livid; but he is very cool. He gazes intently into the child's eyes, and the lattrr's lipi move for the tirst time during the match. "' Play I" "Oho I You will fight to the last, my little bantam, oh I Very good I" The next move is made. efyrrheli tries to attract Harding's attention, but fails. Another move, and the third follows. "Checkmate on the next move," says Harding. Again the single monosyllable from the child : Harding stretches forth to touch the mating piece. Suddenly some solid bject falls to the mosaic floor, causing a oud noise. Mlyrrheli, in changing hia position to the other side, had dropped his heavy cane. Harding starts and looks up. He detests noises. Myrrhelis eyes are staring full into his. What peculiar eyes I He must have been in error when ie had mentally charactorised them as black. Now a dull, reddish fire lies smouldering in.their depths. He moves uneasily in his chair, but so ascinating are those burning orbs, that he neglects for the moment to finish his play. Hlarding is distinctly conscious of a wish hat Myrretcli would remove his eyes from him. The wish becomes stronger every nstant. It never occurs to him to change he direction of his eyes. In the mean ime the clock ticks the seconds away. But ninety seconds of the hour are now left. " What the deuce is he waiting for I" m?tters Travis, his voice husky with suppressed excitomehit. And, in truth, that is the question which agitates the mind of every person who haswitnessed to- night'sextraordinary exhibition. What is Harding waiting for i The precious moments are melting away into eternity. :ut one minute let ; and Harding seems unconscious of the flight of time. Suddenly, however, a gleam of recol. lection penetrates the cloud-curtain of his slumbering will. He strives to break the strange, lotus-like charm that his on tnralled his powers of volition. '-His hand goes forth an Inch-two Inenca-novers for a moment over the board like a frightened bird, seeking fearfully some haven of rest, and then, heavens I those fiery eyoballs have shaped themselves into needle - pointed daggors, and are stabbing deep, deep into his brain. Pain, a far-off, spirituallaed pain, whoseo seat seems all indefinite distanco away, quivers through his head for a moment. Then overything becomes confused ; the indi viduality of surrounding objects are merged in a general indefinite mans, and the scene before his eyes gradually recedes from view, the outlines hocome fainter and fainter-smaller and smaller. With a spasmodic jerk IHarding rests his tead ol his band, and wiih furrooed brow begins to study the positions. What can lie be thinking of But thirty little winged m.as-egeri of trace remain fr him. The 5GOO.OO dollars are already his ; e needs bhut stretch forth his hand to take them. In tile man bewitched I Impatiently the tiny angaul, one by one, soar swiftly awy a t toth Infinite Past; but IlHrdin pays no heed. A il.ncia almOtao palpIab! ho?- fallen on the large hall. AI are lost in wonder. But tell seconds left! Travis canl endure this no longer. His palms open and close convulsively, while his brow is ulnfused with a cold moisture. He drawa a long breath, and raining his voice till the room rings with the awakened echoos, Ie thunders: "For heaveno's sake, Harding, mor!/" Ho knows that he ought not to have dcsc this, but what care hie? Harding :o:os vacantly up, and resumes hs con templative ?0titude. the seonds drop one by one in the hour-glass of time. Now are left eight now five-four " More. more, move. " Two only are left-one - Travis gives one agonised look at the clock. " Good Heavens.' lost by the .imjt limit ! " 