THE LIGHT THA T CAST KO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about tbo powers possessed by certain natives oi Jvidia, who live up umong the Himalaya Mountains. Tliese old men, it is said, have devoted scoies of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German lTofessor \isitcd the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remaikable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, hut interested him all the same. One day the Professor waeited to examine some ancient Sanskrit manu scripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The D ace was dark as the bottom of a well. "I-can't see to read here," said the visi tor. "Then ivc will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the Professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave, lie could not tell whenci it came, but be noticed that, it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learn ing and high character, and you who now read it have no reason- for doubt, except that ail the lights you have seen have cast shadows, lk-licf or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the talc of the Oook-k- ne ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result liom liis experi ence? Take an example:— "In the spring of 1888," writes our cor respondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was de ranged. my appetite poor, and after eat ing J had pain and weight at the chest. 1 was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on 1 suffered with ner vousness and great depression of spirits. 1 kept up with my woik, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I con tinued in this way' for two years, noth ing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Scigel's Syrup, and pro cured a, supply. After I had taken only a few doses 1 found relief; my food di- , gested, and gradually all nervousness left ! me. Although I had no reason at first to ' feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, 1 now gladly admit its value and its power over disease. Mince my recovery, for which J thank Mother bcigci's Curative Gyrup, 1 have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interest of suffering humanity I "deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and 'outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Bir mingham, June Sth, 18!J3." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. Tito latter may be true enough, hut it cannot be verified without more-trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of enquiry, and can be found at bin address. Finally, there is nothing mys'ic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such a dark and terrifying slmilov,'.- And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager wit nesses. 85/J2,Avz 