CREMATION. WHY CATHOLICS OBJECT TO IT. At the Church of England Synod last week a resolution was passed to the effect that the ministers assembled "see no reason to oppose any scheme for the furtherance of cremation," but do not welcome the reform. Canon Pollitt tried hard to shelve the question, but his efforta were successful only so far as indicated. As the subject is now causing much dis cussion the present is an opportune time to place the Catholio objection to cremation before our readers. The following from the "New Zealand Tablet" accurately sums up the position taken on the question by the Church The subject has been debated in all the moods and tenses from the dayB of Julian the Apostate down-to Sir Henry Thompson and Eriohsen. Since 1874 over 3,000 books and pamphlets have tortured it from the sanitary, the legal,-the economical, and the religious points of view. Siemens'^ atad Gorini's furnaces undoubtedly minimised the sickening exhalations that arose from the funeral pyreB or the older forms of crematorium) Hut it has yet to be shown that the revival of the old pagan practice is, on hygienic grounds, preferable to a proper grave burial with perishable coffins, and the avoidances of such abuses as leaden caskets and such othor hindrances to the antiseptic action of mother earth. The same may be said as regards the question of economy. What is wanted is, not an overthrow of the ancient system,-but a reform in the direction of greater sim plicity. The present abuses are in the interests of the undertaker. They are hot inherent to the system of earth burial. We believe that only in exceptional cases is cremation preferable to inhumation—as, for instance, on the battle-field, or in plague-stricken cities, where large num bers of festering bodies corrupt the atmos phere. In such exceptional cases—as ia the great plague at Milan—the Church not alone permits, but urges, a departure from her ordinary rule. The legal objections to cremation—as in cases of poisoning, &c.;— have never yet been satisfactorily answered. For the rest: Catholics look upon eyen a lifeless Christian body as something dif ferent in nature' and destiny from the remains of a brute. It iB, in their eyes, something sacred. It was once the temple of the Holy Ghost; was washed with the waters of Baptism and anointed with the Holy Oils. It is not in every sense dead. Like Lazarus, it " only sleepeth "—awaiting a glorious resurrection. . Beligion is not necessarily compromised in cremation. The least instructed Catholic need not be told that the burned body is not thereby ren dered less fit for its rising—identical as to substance, but " a spiritual body "—on the last day. From the Church's standpoint the Chief objections to cremation are: (1) The canonical processes required regarding the mortal remains of her saints, some of which —like those of St. Teresa, St. CharleB, and. St. Catherine of Bologna—have been preter naturally preserved; (2) her practice of venerating their relics; (3) her conviction that our bodies are treated with greatest respect when consigned to mother earth' with placid face, untampered with and undestroyed, to await their resurrec tion. To this we may add (4) the fact that cre mation is a pagan system of disposing of the dead; that it has been, since the days of Julian the Apostate, associated in the minds of many—and still is, by many of its chief supporters—with the denial of a be lief in a future life, and that it is Itherefore unfitting for those whose best hopes lie beyond the grave. It was chiefly on this last-mentioned ground that the prac tice of cremation was forbidden to Catholics, by a decree of the Holy Office, bearing date May 19,1886. Curiously enough, a similar prohibition was issued to the Jews of Italy, about, the same time, by the General Consis tory of the Babbins at Turin. 