General News. A sad shooting accident occurred yesterday afternoon near Coolangatta, on the i Berry estate. A young man named Harvey D. Hay, I brother to Dr. and Mr. Alex. Hay, Mrs. P. H. Morton and Mrs. Joceland, of Sydney, lose ins uie. me uBueaseu was out with a shooting party, and whilst accidentally fall ing off his horse, his gun went off shooting him through the head, causing death early next morning. Considerable alarm was ex perienced by timid residents of Conningham, near Perth, at the frequent appearance of a conventionally attired ghost. '' Lately a number of residents waylaid the apparition, who surrendered on being bailed up by a revolver. The cos tume consisted of a sheet with eyelet , holes, and decor ated with red paint and other elaborations. The residents decided rot to hand him over to the police but to administer a sound thrashing with a paling. This was accordingly done and the ghost set at liberty. A deputation representing Friendly (Societies urged the Colonial Secretary to-day to get an Amending Bill passed this session. Mr. Brunker promised to lay it on the table next week and do all he could to have it passed into laAV this session An enterprising Australian showman is proceeding to Paris to secure Dreyfus for a lecture season in the colonies. He takes it for granted that the victim of French military conspiracy and treachery will establish his innocence ana escape assassination at the hands of a military emissary. Some alarm has been created amongst owners of dairy cattle at Taniworth by a report, that no less than nine head of cattle died on Saturday last within an ex ceedingly circumscribed area just outside the borough boundary on the Manilla road, of the dreadful anthrax or Cumberland disease. Experts who saw the carcases have no doubt as to the cause of death, and the utmost watchfulness on the part of cattle owners is necessary to prevent the spread of the complaint. In vestigations made by^ W. D. Dowe, Inspector of stock, and Senior-constable Fleming, in spector under the Dis eased Animals and Meat Act, confirm the fears entertained that the plague recently dis covered amongst cattle is attributable to Cumberland disease. The animals which succumbed were all in good condition. This is the first time the disease has been reported this side of the Peel River, though, it is said, it has previously been known to exist in the Goonoo Goonoo neigh borhood. Nearly thirty years ago a Sydney TJuiversity student fell in love with a lady stud ent. There was a lover's quarrel and they separated. Neither has married. He is one of the wealthiest and most esteemed of citizens, and she, one of the most distin guished of Australian women, is still a remarkably fine look ing maiden. He buried him self in books and she devoted herself to social and political investigations. There are those who think this pathetic romance will yet' end in a wedding. All the dynamite in the country would not shift the Premier from ofh'ee, accord ing to Mr. Copeland. At any rate there is no dynamite in the ranks of the Opposition powerful enough to shift him. A few days ago a man, who is a baker by trade, was dis charged from the Fromantle prison holding tho unenviable record of having assisted to cook 33 Christmas dinners in that gaol. 