MY VISITOR. HE Bummer was inirn«oly hot* Pcoji'o in the tenement hou. sen of the crow ded city died like fife*. Into my (small room In an up town flat the heat seemed to be filtered. I could nek Bleep At nights, and the lone day* in a p«at news paper offioe were not calculated to improve my health and spirits. I had begun to ask myself if life were worth the living when 1 received a letter from a friend, lately married, inviting me to visit her in her new home. I went to the managing editor, and assuring tim nothing lest Mian a month's rest would save me from an early grave, exacted his consent. What delight I experienced as I felt my self being whirled through the fresh sweet country air I My friend met me at the station. She was radiant with health and happiness-sueh a contrast to my pale, miserable looking self. L is a charming country town—a new town, you know-and its pretty cottages are all of modern style. But on a cliff frowning down on the village stands a sombre house of stone, moss roofed and ivy clad. Grand old trees, over whose heat1 centuries have passed, stand sentinels around it. A winding drive leads up to it, and when my friend turned her hoise in at the iron gateway I exclaimed : " What 1 Is tlmt your houss I " for I ' knew they were far from being tich, " Yea. i« it not lovely T We got a ! bargain. They almost gave the place away. And it w«* furnished too I " I was not the only guest, as my friend's aunt, a moet delightful old maid, was also visiting there. Aa I expect to be an old maid some day, I always " make love " to tltein, as a little friend once expressed it. The room assigned to me was a front one. Opening on to it wa« another one, some-1 what smaller, but fitted up in the tame 1 style, and I came to (he conclusion this I had onoe been some early miBbresH1 apart* I ment* In the smaller room the old maid, or i Hiss Sue, as I shall call her, slept. Now, i observe, the only way of entering hor | room was by passing through mine. When | we bade each other good night I. with true I feminine caution, looked and boiled the I door opening to the ball, but the one ei anting our rooms I left open. There was a tittle tabl* in the centre of the room holding the lamp. I drew up a chair and tried to read. But I could not fix my attention ; my eyee would wander from the pages to the thinj." hround me. I shall not attempt to nmtlyHe the peculiar feeling that began to tuko posstsMoti of me. 1 shall only say the general impression left on me, «f<er a careful survey, wiir that the personality of some other woman than my frigid Imui »vd in the room 1 felt t>*at peraonahty, like a living, breathing tiling. It was a creepy sensation ; so I undressed and went to bed, and being tired I soon fell asleep. Perhaps X slept on hour, perliBpi not ten minutes, but gradually ovtrray sleeping senses came a power subtle, mysterious, drawing them back to the real Hgain. 1 can never describe that awukcning. To think of it even now pen 1* m> utmccount* able chill inio my heart. The moon was f hiniotCatM tli» room >u filled with li^M. I unclose tl my eyep. mid leaning upon one elbow glance j toward the stand, and there on Ihechair I had recently occupied cat a young girl. Slio was dretsed in white and had rlioit curly hair. One elbow rested on the stand, and (he was leaning her head on lier hand, I sat up in the bed, and never supposing my visitor was other than flesh and blood, and think in); that I was at my boat ding house, asked: " Have yo no bed 1" But the occupant of the chair did not more. Then like a Bash remembianoe of where I was came over me. " Mies Due," I called, " here is • girl. Has she no place to sleep t" A snore from Miss Sue was my-aoswer, and still the girl did not move. I got out of bed. On the stand were the matches, bat to reach tliem I should have to pass my arm •round the silent figure. The action oT coarse brought me near her, and I was con scious of onlyone feeling—to avoid personal contact with lier. I had my ayes on her til I readied for the matoh. and I hen tliey ware removed only for a recond, but when I loukod again the girl w»s cone. For a moment t was too surprised to think. Then X lielited the lamp and glanced toui.d the room. It mu deserted. jt went to the door and found it bolted ai I Tiadjeft it. I stole into Mice Sue'« room, but she *u sleeping soundly. I had seen a ghost—a creature of the other woild. It completely upeet me, and !■ detttmiued to leave the next day. The beat o an uptown board ing house was preferable to the corapay of spirits. With daylight I thought I micht bare been'mittaken and concluded to stay another day. B.ot I entered mv room the following night with many mtsgivings. I beguiled Mies Sue into conversation", but she suon grew sleepy and left me. I * ould not al!ou my mind to dwell on the subject, but read until I oould no longer keep my ey«i open Then 1 went to bed, and soon wns asleep. After a time the Ftrange magnetic force began to eteal over mo, I had left the lamp burning. 1 opened my eyes, and iheie by the stand, in the self snoie position, sat the girl. The piylit Wan 100 much for me. 1 oovered my head nnd called Tor Mi«p Sue, and as I did a filth, tlie dwpwr, sudden, most heartrending whs wafted to me from that silent figure. And than 1 rrali*cd a soul, onoe the dweller in a humnn frame. ctandinK in need of help, hud appexted to me, bat bccauxe of my jiil iful murtal weak ness I oould not aid it. The next day I went borne. About six oontha afterwnrda I henid my friend had eold ber house, and from that I judged others had seen the uhu»bl\ viaitor. And often my mind goes bi.clt lo her. feor aoul I Wandering nightly among acmes of former happiness or woe, ure you weighted with some secret, ulc nine for «Mse ctime, or it this your punteU ncnt, for n life misspent ? But to my questioning there inmet no NMWOt. . Adtrer (tarfourir)! What did yc ,r father s»jr? Sw*et Uiil: Ob, be get >o angry II it I m lie'* in a i*r-iclJv fe Qs iu ftOil «p| Ijilll. 