Short Story. The Fortune of Fullwood. A Comparatively True Ghost Story. Although I bear the common and somewhat plebeian name of John Smith, I can, through my mother's family, reckon kith and kin with half the noble houses of Scotland, and boast that near a score of my ancestors have " kissed the maiden," or been hanged, drawn, and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on " ex- cited politicians." Those of my readers , who are themselves of ancient lineage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which I found myself last spring, for the first time as I then thought, under my ancestral roof. I had been summoned to Fullwood House by Sir Francis Fleming of that ilk, to whom I stand in the relationship of third cousin once removed. Fullwood House, a very romantic old place situated on the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quite up to my notion of what the home of such a family as ours should be. It is true that Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he being a little, withered person, very absent-minded, and a thorough bookworm ; but, on the other hand, his daughter Margaret, his only child, was a worthy representative of the house of Fleming—" a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and mose divinely fair." Need I say that I fell in love with her ? At all events I fancied myself in love. At night I was sitting alone in my room trying to convince myself that since all is fair in love and war I was entitled to do my best to cut out John Johnson, her fiancee, who was then in Johannesburg. What was he after all that he should become the head of the house of Fleming by marrying the heiress ? If he had a pedigree I had never heard of it ; so far as I, or any body else knew, his only claim on the consideration off the Flemings was that Sir John Fleming, the former laird, had been his guardian. As for me, I was the next heir after Margaret herself, and had I not then the better right to her ? My meditations were interrupted by the entrance of old Tom Danabie, the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while I was testing the quality of that article he asked one whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, being indeed a hardened sceptic in the matter of spooks. Then I asked him if the house was supposed to be haunted. " Ye would notice yon armour in the library ?" Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The ar- mour he referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From its size it must have belonged to a gigantic man. Sir Francis had told me that It was believed to have been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader as he was called, at the battle of Bannockburn. " It's his ghaist—auld Sir Dauvit's," rejoined Tom. " Sometimes ye'll see his e'en glowerin' at ye oot o' the helmit. It's a fearsome sicht. I saw't aince. That was ae night I'd been up at the toun. I had been haein' a glass or twae wi' the minister's man, but I was deid sober. That's what we're hauntit wi'— Sir Dauvit's ghaist that watches." " Watches what ?" I asked. " The goold," replied the old man, dropping his voice to a whisper, " the goold that was laid by at the time o' Prince Charlie by auld Sir Robert, and has ne'er been seen since. But—I maun gang." Whereupon the old man hurried off as if it had suddenly struck him that he had said too much, leaving me a little disappointed. " Surely," I said to myself, " surely the old buffer doesn't think I'd ske- daddle with the donjon keep and the portcullis for the sake of the ' goold.' I dare say I might try to steal the whole blooming establishment for the sake of getting Miss F., but ——" " Saint-seducing gold !" It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must confess I am not a saint, and I turned to see who had spoken, when I beheld a warrior of title ancient time clad in the very armour I had seen in the library. The visor of his helmet was up, and I could see his face dis- tinctly ; it was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming's features. " Dost not fear me ?" he queried with a rather grim smile. " I dost not," I answered straight off, and it was quite true. I have not nerves of steel, but really I felt quite at ease. " A living dog is better than a dead lion," I added. " I am a living man, and you—you're only a spook. Your bones are dust, and your soul is with the Saints, I trust—anyway it should be." " By my halidome, thou hast a pretty wit," retorted the ghost. " Natheless, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in your philo- sophy." " Apparently there are," I remarked. " It certainly beats me to hear a four- teenth century ghost quoting Shaks- peare." " Shakspeare, say'st thou ?" exclaimed the ghost. " By'r lady, I could a tale unfold—but cease thy prating and fol- low me." My ironclad visitor stalked off and I followed him, wondering the while why the whole house was not alarmed by the clanking and clattering he made. But we were not disturbed. Having reached the ground floor the ghost turned into a long, dark corridor, which, as I had been told earlier in the day, led to the north wing. I had not yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became accus- tomed to the gloom, the places we were traversing seemed to assume a familiar look, and when we emerged from the passage into a room I felt quite certain that I knew the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a large Gothic window on the east side—that is to say, to the right hand side of the door by which we entered. The wall was lined with portraits, and I remem- ber as I looked round that I said to myself—" This is the portrait-room." Meanwhile the ghost marched almost round the room, starting to the left from the door, and halting at the window be- fore mentioned, to which he turned his back, and so faced me as I stood in the middle of the floor. " Here," he staid, " is my post till the full moon rises behind Tinto and shows her face above the Tree of Doom. Watch thou for the sign. Farewell." Then he disappeared in the twinkling of an eye. Of course it was a dream. I did not take long to grasp that fact when I found myself where old Tom had left me shivering before an expiring fire. " Next morning, Sir Francis being in- disposed and unable to talk about the private business which was the cause of my being there, I was dawdling about badly in want of something to do when Miss Fleming came to my rescue by offering to show me the family portraits. To my surprise she took me to the very place I had seen in my dream, and she called it " by the very name I had given it in my dream—"the portrait-room." " This place seems quite familiar to me," I remarked after looking round. " Only," I added, thinking about the ghost, " there seems to be something wanting." " Perhaps you were here before," Miss Fleming suggested. " I don't think I ever was," I re- plied. She moved across the room to the place where the ghost had taken its stand, and there halted. " The suit of armour now in the library used to stand just here," she said. " We had to remove it on account of some ridiculous stories." " Indeed ?" " Yes," she continued, " It was said that the original owner of the armour came sometimes and got into it, and then promenaded round the Tree of Doom." " The Tree of Doom !" I echoed, " what is that ?" " You can see it from the window," said Miss Fleming. She pointed to an elm tree, apparently very old, which stood on the lawn about twenty yards off. This was another point of my dream that had " come true" in a manner. I began to feel a little nervous, and I was soon to get another shock. Miss Fleming was going round the room telling me about the different portraits when she halted before one that hung by itself at the north end of the west wall—the darkest corner of the room. " This," she said, " is Sir Robert Fleming. Two of his brothers, John and Frank, were out with Prince Charlie, and the story goes that he col- lected all the family plate and jewels after the failure of the enterprise, meaning to smuggle the stuff out of the country as a contribution towards the expense of another attempt. The things were hid until a chance should arise of getting them away, but the chance never came, and they remained con- cealed." " Do you believe that story ?" I queried. " I am bound to believe about the hiding of the things. We know of articles of value that disappeared about that time. But," she added with a sigh, " I wish that was all we had lost. You have heard of the Fortune of Full- wood ?" I replied that I had heard of it, and meant to ask for a sight of it before I left. It is a famous charm, the Fortune of Fullwood—a brooch, the stone of which was brought by Sir David, called the Crusader, from the Holy Land. According to the legend, if anything went wrong with the charm, if the stone chanced to be broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. " The Fortune has disappeared," said Margaret in tragic tones. " You know what that means—the family is doomed. After my father there will be no more Flemings of Fullwood." I felt inclined to laugh, but the girl appeared to be quite earnest in her belief. " If I thought," she continued, " that the Fortune was anywhere about the house I would have the whole building taken to pieces, stone by stone. But I do not think it is in the house at all. I have searched everywhere, and I'm sure I know every nook and cranny of it." An idea struck me. " Did you find," I asked, " any place where the plate and jewels might have been concealed ?" " No. Why ?" " Because the Fortune might have been put beside them." " Impossible !" she exclaimed. " The Fortune—but wait—yes, the Fortune disappeared in my uncle's time. He was a bachelor and for a long time before he died he was queer. I have been told that when he was dying he tried to tell any father something about the hidden plate, but could not. What is your Idea ?" " He may have hid the charm him- self," I said. " Perhaps he found out where the plate had been laid away and put the Fortune beside it." Then, with many blushes, and the un- easy suspicion that I was making an ass of myself, I told Miss Fleming about the visit I had had from the ghost. She did not laugh ; on the con- trary, she was quite grave, and I took heart of grace to point out one or two significant things in the dream. No doubt, I said, Tom Danabie's story sug- gested the dream about the ghost, but there was nothing in his story to ex- plain my familiarity with the room, nor to suggest the idea of what the ghost had said. " It was a revelation," said Margaret decidedly. " This is the time of the full moon. I shall have the armour put back into its former place, and this very night I shall watch along with you for the sign." The only definite recollection I have for the remainder of that day up to 7 o'clock in the evening is that I thought it was very queer to find an up-to- date young woman like Margaret Fleming with such a strong streak of supersti- tion in her composition. My eyes have since been opened to the fact that such abnormalties are by no means uncom- mon. However, 7 o'clock found us in the portrait-room waiting for the " sign." By-and-by the moon appeared from behind the massive bulk of Tinto, and slowly—painfully slowly—mounted the heavens. It plunged into a bank of clouds, and I was within an ace of say- ing something strong when it emerged, showing directly over the Tree of Doom, and throwing a flood of light into the apartment where we were. It shone in, and that was all. I do believe I ex- pected some sort of explosion. " Look, look !" exclaimed Margaret, catching my arm and pointing into the far- away corner. " Yes," she added almost in the same breath, " that must be the sign." This is what we saw. When the moon was directly over the elm tree the moon- beams were thrown from the window diagonally across the portrait-room into the corner where Sir Robert's portrait hung, but the shadow of the armour standing at the window was thrown in the same direction in such a way as to eclipse the portrait. At Miss Fleming's command I took down the portrait while she lighted up the room. Then, before I could form any idea of what she was going to do next, she had taken old Sir David's battle-axe and let drive at the panel- ling which had been covered with the picture. The axe crashed right through the wood ; there was a hollow in the wall there. To tear away the shattered wood was easy, the operation revealing a little chamber constructed in what appeared from the outside to be a solid buttress. In this hiding-place were two boxes—one about 3ft long by 2ft. deep and wide, and strongly bound with iron ; the other bearing a strong resemblance to a lady's workbox or a folding desk. Margaret laid open the smaller box with her battle-axe and gave a cry of joy to find that it contained the Fortune of Fullwood. The other box was open- ed later on in the presence of Sir Fran- cis, and was found to contain several pieces of plate, but the value of the find was nothing like the value of what had been hid—the traditional value, that is. Perhaps Sir John Fleming, the brother and predecessor of the present laird, had drawn on the treasure at the time he entered the secret chamber to hide there the Fortune of Fullwood. As I do not want to be interviewed by psychical researchers I shall now ex- plain the " ghost" to the best of my ability. When I went home I told my uncle James, who is a bit of a philo- sopher, all about the affair, and he told me that some months before the death of Sir John Fleming my father had taken me with him when he paid a visit to Fullwood. On his return my father told my uncle all about the house, and about the legend of the hidden trea- sure ; he also mentioned that I had been greatly taken up with the suit of ar- mour in the " portrait-room." My uncle had forgotten all about this until I told him my story ; but, as he remarked, it was doubtless the memory of my visit in early childhood to Fullwood, and of hearing at that time the story of the ghost and the Tree of Doom, that had came back to me to round off the dream suggested by the words of old Tom Danabie. —" Weekly Scotsman." 