THE GHOST OF ROCKY i HILL. In the quaint old town of Rockwood, in the neighbourhood of Rocky, Hill, stood nn. ancient farmhouse. An observing traveller might have asked if, indeed, there was anything else in tile town but ancient farm houses, and this par ticular dwelliug differed but little in appearance from it» neighbours. Tho prominent feature of this noted spot was not its antiquity, but its ghost. u The ghost of Kocky Hill " was no short lived delusion, but as charmingly defiant of investigation as the most inveterate lover of ghost lore cuuld have wished. In fact, the old bouse, build before the invasion of tho British, would scarce have inspired a passing thought but for the occasional manifestation of its timc-houourcd spectre. For years it had struck terror to tho hearts of tho superstitious and excited the curiosity of non-believers. It was a peaceable spectacle,and seldom varied the order of its visitation, consequently the house could boast of a long list of tenants, some of whom bad helped to establish its notoriety quite as much us tho wraith itself. There were rumours that the bouse had once been a rendezvous for the British in the troublous days of J76, and that murder had been committed within its walls. Later, it had been tenanted by a Hecond Bluebeard, whose three wives had succecded each otherin suffering from hie brutality and finally become insane, pnd terrifying the neighboura till even the ghost Bank into oblivion* But Bluebeard eventually went the way of all tho earth,and the old house was occupied from time to time by the credu lous. who lied in terror, from its unaccountable juoises, and the; incredulous, who resolutely ignored what they could not oxplaiu, aud jstoutly refused to believe in the supernatural. The most sceptical, however, when pressed Sor an opinion, were obliged to admit that there jvas something queer about tho place. To a Few facts rumour had added many reports, >intil it was impossible to ascertain which were 4'alse and which were true. Doors were said to open and shut without the aid of hands. Heavy bodies wero rolled from one room to another. Barrels bumped their way down the stairs, U'inware rattled, as if falling to the floor. The telauking of massive chains occasionally echoed through the house. The print of a bloody fraud appeared upon the wall, Doleful moan 5ngs were sometimes heard. Strange to say, people seldom agreed iu locating the noises. One would positively declare that they came from the cellar, while another with equal ossur* 1 nnce asserted that they came from the garret. : r4'hus things had goue on from year to year, till at last superstition, time, and decay bad clone their work, and tho house stood empty. A.bout that time, Silas Pain's wife resolved to replenish the family purse by taking summer boarders. Silas was a worthy farmer who Jived in the heart of the wood, about two miles trrora the haunted house ; the very last place ouu would have thought that a rich man would Slave elnsen as a summer resort for his daugh ters ; but one hot day in -Tune, Dora and Cora Hayes, twin daughters of a Huston merchant, lurrived, bag and baggage, at tho Fain farm, nud were welcomed by the worthy couple who £ived there with much good-natured bustle, 5iud many injunctions to make themselves •entirely at home. The girls were delighted with their new quarters, and indulged in all sorts of rhap sodies ovsr the rambling old house. •4 You know," said l)oru, after one of those [bursts of eestaey, 44 papa seut us out here so lhat we could run wild this summer, and this is p. darling place in which to hide away from (society I" Aunt Sally pinched her rosy cheek, and told iifir to run wild to her heart's content. Aud ruu wild she certainly did. One day the girls were strolliug through the •woods, when they suddenly came to au open highway. 141 wonder where this road leads to ?" Cora remarked, as she peered dowu the dusty cart path. 41 I dou't remember seeing that place be fore," pointing towards a dilapidated house. 44 Nor I," answered Dora. u Let's go and ascertain what it looks like." 14 It's empty, as sure as you live," answered Cora, a moment later, as she peeped cautiously through a broken window light. Just then a shadow fell across the path,and the tjirls looked fjp to see the sun disappear in a big, black aloud. M Oh, dear ! It's going to rain, and jDivroy knows how far wa are from home ! What jshall wo do, Dora ?" Her sister closely scanned the heavenB before she replied r •4 It isn't going to be much. Let's try to open this window—I'm just wild to see the inside of $his old coop. The rain will be o good excuse for house- breakiug," she added, with a merrj laugh. By the time they had succeeded in forcing an entrance the raiu was falling in large drops. The girls paused a moment to watch it patter Against the panes, and then began to explore the empty rooms. They had hardly reached the second floor, however, when a heavy clap of thunder caused them to return to the window, where they stood and gazed anxiously out at the pouring rain. The black cloud was fast in creasing, and the wind blew furiously. " Oh, dear !'* exclaimed Cora, thoroughly frightened. 4* -Tust hear that awful thunder ! I wish we had gone home instead of coming here." 44 Don't be a goose, Cora ! We should have been drenched through. We must make the best of the situation. The raiu will soon bold up." But the moments dragged along and the storm did not abate ; on the contrary, it in creased until it teemed as , if the incessant crash of thunder would rend the very earth. Dumb with terror theyirls crouched in a dark corner of the room and hid their faces in their bunds to shut out the glare of the lightning. Suddenly they sprang to their feet,exclaiming— 44 What was that ?" From some part of the bouse had corae a crashing sound, hs if heavy cbuiiis .rattled together. l?or a moment the girls stared at one another ill blank horror. Like a flash it dawned upon their minds that thin was the haunted house of which they had oftan heard Aunl Sully SpCak. 11 Come !" whispered Dora, druggiug her shivering sister towards the window ; M this is awful ! We must go at once," As she spoke the whole artillery of the heavens seemed to burst directly overhead ; a terrific crash from some regiou below followed, and the old house quivered iu every timber. With a wild scream the girls threw up the sash and leaped from the window. Half an hour htfer they staggered into the Paiu kitchen, limp and exhausted. "You poor dears !" exclaimed Aunt Sally, as she gazed at their blanched faces. ** The storm has frightened you out of your senses ; wherever have you been all this time ? Bat there—don't stop to bilk until you have changed your clothcs aud drunk some hot ginger ten." Wheu the girls had recovered from their fright they rehearsed their adveuture to Auut Sully, who .listened eagerly. When the story was ended sho drew a long breath, and re marked that there was something mighty curi ous about that houve, and she hoped the old thing was shook cleau oil' its foundatiou, though she didn't suppose anything short of fire would settle that ghost, anyhow. But the haunted house still loomed ou the brow of thn bill tbr, next morning. when Silas Paiu drove arouud to inspect the place, upon which its absent owner had requested.him to have au eye. "I cu<ss them Kills was mure scared thsn { hurt," muttered the f armor, as he drew rein in ! front of tho structure, and scanned it criti : cally. " Blest if I don't believe tho old trap'll I stand till the eud o' time I It'll take more'n I thai storm to start thcin timbers. I don't see but it looks 'boat tho name as it has ever since I can remember ; blest if it don't !" He went to take a look at tho rear oi the building:. " Can't see nothing missing, 'thout it's a few paneB o' glass," ho muttered as ho walked along. Theu, suddenly coming to a halt, ho thiuBt bia hands into his pockets and stared at tho north end of the house. There it stood, Arm and erect, on empty air. The underpinning had caved in tho entire length of one side ! As he began to comprehend the situation, he loaned against a tree, nnd scratched bis head thoughtfully. Hero was n revelation. It had never been known in his day that there was a cellar under tho north end of tho house, but now such a cellar was revealed. " If that don't beat all nater !" exekimed Silas, falling on his knees nnd peering into the opening. " I'm sartin none o' the tenants kuowed about this place, 'thout maybe old Bluebeard did I don't wonder the old thing is ha'nted 1 Here's traps enough to fit outa regiment. Guess I'll burrow into thi» hole and see what I can (ind. Shouldn't wonder if this was the ghost's headquarters 1" When the farmer hud lowered himself into the cellar he cast bi3 eyes about him and muttered— " Blest if I don't believe this hole dates from the days o' them tarnal redcoats !" Further investigation seemed to prove that' supposition was right. The cellar had doifbt less been tbe resort of a band of British spies, who at one time during tbe war were known-to have been in hiding in that vicinity. The en closure, which was twenty feet wide n.ud twenty feet long, was separated from the main cellar by a partition wail of stone, -built on a line with the base of the chimuey. A. large fireplace had been constructed in the mammoth Hue directly under the kitchen. Here was the secret of the strange noises which for half a century had disturbed the peace of tbe tenants. The slightest sound from below was conducted by this flue to the room above. The floor of this apartment was a ledge of rock, which also served as a sounding board for what ever chanced to fall upon it. In one coraer a pile of rotten casks, tbat might have contained English ale in tbe days of Washington, were packed against the wall ; some of them had rolled from the pile and scattered their contents, tin cups, plates and other military rubbish, on the floor, where they had rushed away. Several broken bayonets, a rust-eaten sword, and three old muskets were found in another part of the room. Near these, three massive cable chains, such as might have done service on an English man-of-war, were hangiug from iron spikes in the tloor joist overhead ; on the ledge beneath lay a number of these chains, where they bad fallen, as one by one the spikes rusted off beneath their weight. When the farmer caught sight of them he thrust his hands deeper into his pockets. Yes, yes." he muttered ; u so you're the ghost, are ye ? Well, I calkerlate ycr wou'L fcare the daylights out o' no more folks, though I reckon the fools ain't all dead yet. I alius knowed it was some kind o'uateral consequence, but this ghost distemper is su'thing like the cholera—tbe only way to stop it from spreading is to Quarantine every simpleton that shows any symptoms of the disease.M Having relieved his mind, he kicked a chain spitefully out of his way and contiuued his ex plorations. There was a quantity of mouldy i ul. birth, all bearing the style of ancient days. Indeed, the only connecting liuk between tbe past and the preseut in this iust-1 aten medley was the unmistakable evidence tbat armies of rats had, from time to time, inhabited the den. A ladder led to a trap-door in the floor above ; but at some remote period a second floor had been laid over tbe trap, hiding it from view, and blocking up the only eutrauce to the room below. The news of Silas Pain's discovery spread rapidly through tlae town, and before night more than a hundred people had visited the haunted house. Aud so, after years of devoted allegiance, the lover« of the supernatural in Rockwood were compelled to acknowledge that the ghost of Rocky Hill, like our beloved Tell, was only a myth. The last of that dear legion of grandfather^ ghost stories had become a fable. But when a few mouths later a human skele ton was actually found in one of the casks each devotee denied that he had ever doubted the exinteuce of his {jhost ship ; while the owner of. the houee, despairing after this discovery of ever iimiiug another tenant, discontinued mak ing repairs, and one dark uight soon after the hfumtad house melted away in a mass of spec tral flames. Tradition tells us that the ghost of Rocky Hill is now a homeless wanderer—a fugitive from honest iuvestigation. 