REVELATIONS OF A DETEC TIVE. , BY JAMES M 'GO VAN THE JAPANNED CASH BOX. j (Concluded from Last Week.) That was all that I could get out of him. As I came away my reflections were of a rather rueful character. Here was a pretty mess to unravel. A watch was gone, and with it an empty tin box; and, so far as I could judge, no ordi nary thief had taken it. From the first, I may say, I laid it down that the widow was the rub. Had we only known how the watch had gone — had a burglary been committed, a pocket picked, or a dishonest person admitted to the room — the tracking of the criminal would have been plain sailing. A minute description of the missing articles was distributed among the whole force, and the whole city — slums, brokers, known receivers, pawnshops, and jewel lers — overhauled and ransacked. But we didn't get them. Worse, we didn't so much as hear of them. I was neither surprised nor disappoin ted. It was exactly what I had antici pated. But I was surprised when I re ceived the following scrap of writing one afternoon a few days later. It was brought to the head office In breathless haste by ragamuffin, and written in pencil: — Come with the bearer. I've found the lid of the cash box. A little boy had a string tied to it, and was using it as a go-cart, at the head of the West Port. I'm waiting here for his father coming in from his won M'SWEENY. West Port, 4.30. I at once got to the house — the squalid garret of an Irish laborer— and found M'Sweeny making himself useful by' handling a refractory child on his. knee, and sympathisingly condoling with the mother. He showed me the japanned lid, and, though it was a good deal scratched, I knew it at once. He had noticed It in the child's possession on the street, had got out of him that "his father gave it him," had taken him home, and was now patiently waiting for his father to make his appearance. We had not long to wait. He came In hot, tired, and dusty, and naturally looked surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. I showed him the lid. "Where did you get that?" "Sure I found it— there's no harm in that, is there?" "Not the least. Can yoh _ remember where you found it?" "Faith I can. 'Twas In front of a watchmaker's shop in the Lothian road." "Which— the one near the shop?" "Yes. It was lying among the sweep ings. The box was there, too, but it was crushed and broken, so I didn't lift it." "We gave the man a trifle and left the house, taking the lid with us. Two minutes' walk brought us to the watch maker's Ehop in the Lothian road. Before entering we took a look at the window. All at once we both whistled right out, and -Incredulously faced each .other. There, staring us in the face, with Its beautifully-carved. ' bkeik . turned? wards, -waB the missing watch Unlike every other watch in tho doZnJ ? titter. ceattochea"1" we vm-erettTlie enop. and were at attended to by a young lad, who I T glad to say, did riot know either 'of « "Would you let me see that gold Wa,!'v with the carved back now in the w? dow?" Wm- It was placed in my hand, and if - any doubt as to its identity it must ha 5 vanished at once. dve "What is the price?" I carri«v quired. ; . J Jn" "I rather think is no price m,t upon it yet " was. the answer "it 1 only been in the Window a few i,„, We only got it last night." "Ah, I see. We belong to the tive staff, will you let me look -t vm" book containing the entries fy.- day?" -c-ier- "I can let you see the book, but I .w, think you will find that entered in it " "And why?" ' "Because. we didn't buy it" "Didn't buy it? Then who left it"' "An intimate friend of my ratw. He left it on condition that if we sold It he would give us whatever commit we chose to ask on the transaction" "His name and address?" He opened the back of the watch took out a thin slip, and read- BriS!»s N"so' Ko- - "Very good. I must see Mr James : Nelson. This watch has been stolen i and it is almost certain that we win ho | forced to take possession of it; bat ir. the meantime I will leave it here wHh mvi companion. While I nm gone you had better send for your father." j "I Will. But if it has been MNPn rm sure Mr Nelson cannot be the thief for he is a sterling-y-jjt, religious man." Then he wtlKgrs able to account for having it in his possession. Till he does so he Is presumably the thief." j I said no more, but left the shop, crow ed over into Fountain Bridge, and with some hunting found the house— a half- flat on the" third storey. I heard them singing a hymn inside, so I waited till they had finished, and then gently rane the belh B An elderly woman — his wife, as I found — admitted me and show- <; me in- 1 to the kitchen, where was seated thej man I sought. j Ke was a fine-looking old man. a trifle j stern, perhaps, in bis bearing, but in appearance the very antipodes of a thief, An open Bible lay on the table before him. He looked up in surprise, hut laid aside his spectacles at once, and at my request dismissed his wife and daugh-1 ter. j "You left a gold watch with the watch. maker over there to sell?" 1 "I did." I "Where did you get it?" i His eyes fell, and he appeared, confus-l ed. Still, it was not the confession ofl guilt. I could make that much out, and! wondered accordingly. I "What right have you to ask?" he said! at last, having taken time to think. I "The best of rights. I am a detective.! The watch = been stolen, and 1 have! traced it to you. Where did you get il?"| "Well, then, if you must know — II found it." I "A likely story." I He rose from his seat and looked mel full in the face with his own flushed tol the eyebrows. I "Sir. I am not a liar!" I I felt rebuked, and said so. I "Well, then," I said, frankly, taking his hand, "if you are not the thief, tela me all you know about it." I "Well, sir, you must know that 'asfl week a favorite cat of ours died, and ifl being about flitting time my wife did no® like the idea of throwing it into thtl street to be kicked about like a tin paJ by the street boys, and she asked me bury it' in the green at the back of fh® house." I I looked out of the window. I "There is no green at the back of ill® house." a "Not here; but we were in No. — , Bue® cleuch street, then." I "Buccleuch street! Ho, ho ! Yi'elll proceed." 1 " I took the cat down, but while dig® ging my trowel struck something hard. 9 thought it was a stone, and put in nin hand to pick it out. But_ 19 wasn't — it was a small japanned tin hox9 I shook it. I slipped it into my pcl£«a hastily finished burying the cat, anqB hurried off to my work. The fir£® quiet corner I came to I opened the bo:® and found a round bundle of flannel, anij® inside of it the gold watch you speaW of" - J '"Well, why didn't you at once give m up to the police ?" . 1 "Because I've heard that they keep the things that are found when the® are not claimed, and the finder get® nothing. I believe I did wrong in tha . "You m ost certainly did, ss you m a find presently to your cost." 9 "But I advertised it." I "Where? When?" ,a J "Wheneer I found it — in the c " man.' " I "Have you the paper handy He produced it, and I read thef ing scrap, in an obscure corner. , Watch found. Owner may ='" describing it, and where lost, and pa) this. No. 1358. .J "I'm afraid this won't save yo Why did you not give a more iuc scrlptlon?" — "Because I was afraid someon >9 apply for it who had no right to > ® "But why did you conclude t - yours, and you had a right to s_ cause no one applied for it in <9 space of a week?" t reiffl 'Til tell you the truth, S sQ oia.fasWohed that t .ougM yeare ago, and that there huawere long since dead," Lowers were is don,t you ell, eyenj® trove belong?, to the ttoivf t-- uid have lost nothing £Wd? T®upfther for it is customary fr'S. «» «"der,,"u1' """ if'""' In EnTheiira something of juch 8 ' £r«'n?' h any of its appointed agents \- .'fiirougl1 a"Jrevenue, the magistrates But surely you are not so iS> or silly as to think that they Iff'ned tin cash boxes hundreds JjXS® to hideaway their treasure % don't know. I did »ot think of that" u but i may tell you Tl hink you'll suffer for it It I matter of imprisonment at asby- white in a moment from He„ and the tears crept into his eyes 'incredulously gasped out:- nKou cannot mean that, you're j not I never was more serious , You'll have to come with me, 11 ' Lot yourself into an ugly mess, Si' can only hope that you will get out BllSws shaking like a leaf now; in- J -A his agitation became so great that S o hJp him to put on his things. ' "\VlrU a pity I did not tell my wire .bout St," he groaned at last, when he Si to go. -She would have ad vised me rightly." "Did you nt tell her even . "I said nothing about it to anybody.' That only made it look worse. I thought so: but his pallor and pitiable look "put a seal on my lip?. There was a nice crying match when bis wife and daughter were summoned 1 informed of the state of affairs; but there was nothing else for it-he must go and he locked up in gaol like any ordi nary felon. . His wife went off in great distress to icil her minister, while he followed me to the watchmaker's. The master himself had arrived, and from him I learned how it happened that the japanned box had accidentally been breken and thrown out with the sweepings. Great efforts were made to save Nel son front the ignominy of a public con- Tlction— for he was really respected by a vtrv wide circle of acquaintances, and, I believe, at the bottom a good man — but the offence was of too great a nature to he passed over. Owing to the influence brought to hear on his case, and some evidence which cropped up to confirm his story, he was not convicted of theft, but wilful detention of property. He got thirty days, and I have no doubt came out of prison a wiser and more honest man in the deepest sense of the word. The fame evidence which saved him explained how the watch and box .came to be buried in the green. Very late on the night before the watch was found an ailing resident in an opposite house saw -or fancied that he saw — the ghost of a man clad in white get out at a low window and furtively dig a hole and bury something in it, after which he leaped in again, closed the window, and was seen no more. The window was proved to be that of the room occupied by Mr Ramsay, and the night on which the ghost emerged from it was the iden tical one on which he "chased them round the corners like a steam engine." With the cunning of a maniac, and under the impression that he was about to be robbed of his darling watch, he had buried it outside his window. And had he recovered— and no cat died in the flat ovc-i head it is probable that to this day e would never have known or remem- ered what became of the iananned tin I su box. " Dundee Evening Star.") I 