'TWIXT LOVE AM) 1IATE I BY BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER I. AT MADAME lUBOT'S. Ill the parlor at Mud mio Ribot's very exclusive school for youug ladies, there stood, one afternoon, a s. oiling gentleman —a very smiling, one might u!mosfc;have ?aid a grinning, gentleman, his smile was 'bo settled and persistent. ' ' Before hira stood a little eirl of twelve years of ago, who diJ not seeai to find very great comfort in the perpetual smile of her fa'.her — for that was the ^relation of the gentleman to her. ? Behind ' her drooping aDd quivering lashes was hidden almoat terror, and her little bands played nervously with each other. At a little distance from these two stood Madame Ribot herself, her face betraying at one and the same moment aa, over flowing affection for her pupil, and a profound respect for Monsieur du Bois, tbe parent. Finally, in one corner of the room, her band reating carlessly on an open piano, Stood a young lady, remarkable for three things : a singular beauty of face and form, a neat but threadbare gown, and an air of proud but studied indifference. 'I am pleased, Yvonne,' Monsieur du Bois was saying, suavely, to his daughter, | ' that) I hear so good an account of you from'. Madame Ribot,' bowing im pressively to that lady, ' and from Mademoiselle Chestaire !' and he looked in polite appeal from Madame Ribot to ? fcho silant and motionless young woman. , ' Mademoiselle Chestaire will bs .honored,' answered Madame Ribot, graciously, to him, and then said, curdy, to her assistant: ' Monsieur du Bois will ask you a queUion.' Mademoiselle Chester merely ioclined her head with a half-haughty indication of having heard, and at once resumed her indifferent air. Madame Ribot seemed to be exasperated by the manner ? j ; of her assistant, and cried out, in a . sharp tone : 'If you will be. so goccl as to come forward where you can be seen.' The girl's under lip quivered a moment, then she pressed it sharply with her little white teeth, and answered, sowly : '1 can hear; I can answer from where I am. I am listening.' Oh, what an intensity of pride there was in. the clear, tuneful young voice ! Madame Ribot quivered with wrath, and with the sense thab she was power less to control the speaker. Monsieur du . Bois looked across the room to the aBSistanb who had dared to brave her employer, and his smile grew more pro nounced. 'I would merely a;k Mademoiselle __ CheBtaire if there is any promise that my dear child '? — the dear child ssemed to repress a shudder at finding herself referred to — 'will have a voice — for \- einging, I mean ?' v ? ' Your daughter's voice is now of good qtlality — pure and sweet. I do not know what it may be later.' Tho answer was given in uncompro misingly precise terms, and was as cuifc as it could possibly be. Madame Ribofc fcurned pale with anger, but Monsieur du Bois seemed highly gratified, and said, to his daughter : ' You hear, my little Yvonne? Your, .voice is pure and sweet. That is how a ' little girl's heart should be. Cultivate, j your Jheart, cultivate your voice; be ?attentive to what Mademoiselle Chestaire ' tellsyou, and some day you may . have r Biieb a voice as hers, which will always be a pleasure to listen to.' He bowed, with bis band on his heart, in token, probably, of his sincerity. Mademoiselle Chester maintained her indifferent air, quite as if she had not beard tbe compliment, . 'And now my little Yuonne,' he want on, ' embrace your papa, ond go to your studies.' ' The fear that shone in the eyes of Yvonne when she kissed her father was ? Id marked contrast with the smiling playfulness of his manner; but was rather more in harmony with the words he muttered in her ear as he bent oyer her: '_And be sure you hold your tongue, or yon know what I will do to you.' ' Yes, papa,' faltered the child, and looked hesitatingly from him to Madame Ribot for further direction. \- , Mademoiselle Chester,' said Made moiselle Ribot, loftily, ' will you be . good enough to take Mademoiselle Yvonne to her class-room ?' , Mademoiselle Chester, without a j word crossed to the child, and led her | from .the room making barely enough . acknowledgment of the courteous salute of Monsieur du Bois to save herself from being rude. Tbe eyebrows of Monsieur du Bois arched up a little higher, and the ghost of a smile flickered on his lips. He watched the young lady until tbe door closed behind her, his black eyes filled with unconcealed admiration. \- ' Such impudence !' exclaimed Mdme Ribot. '1 hasten to assure you, Monsieur du Bois, that is the last time on of my valued patrons shall lie so treated in my. establishment. Made moiselle Clies tail c shall go.' Madame Riboc seemed to swell to , twice her natural size in her indignation, and that was quite netdless, for she was 'already of that plumpness which-: pros perity and good living so often bring to . 7. the French matron. Monsieur du Bois merely maae a grimace or deprecation, ? and said, suavely : ' Ah I you speak as a Frenchwoman, to whom politeness and grace come by nature. Mademoiselle Chestaire is English, I think.' He looked us if it did nob matter to him' what the unswer to his question might b', but he listfned as if he attached a great deal of importance to it. , ' 'You are right,' responded madame, her. tone and manner full of disdain ; ' she is English, At least her fathor is Buglisli.' 'And her mother is nob?' queried Monsieur du Bois, with indifferent curiosity. Madnmo husita'cd a moment, evi deut'y in somo embarrassni'-nt. Mon sieur, eyeing her covcitly, pre ended to think that mademoiselle's birth was a sub) ct to be avoided, and said, hastily : 'Ah 1 poor girl 1 'Well, never mind 1' ' Oh ! T assure you, 'monsieur,' cried Madame Ribot, in horror, 'you mis understand. Do you suppose I would betray the confidence 'of my patrons by hnving their daughters under tbe instruc tion, even in music, of one whose birth was in question? If I hcsi'a'ed it was only because the mother was an Italian opera 'sinper — a lawful mife, I beg you to believe.' ' Oh, oh 1' ejaculated monsieur, in a tone that left anything to be imagined. ' But the father,' went on madame, volubly, ' although English, is all that could be desired by the most fastidious — tbo second son of an earl — the Honor able Horace Chester. His father was the Earl of Carlowe. Very aristocratic 1 — very ancient. And — and — the girl's mother is dead, Under the circum stances, J[ thought she would be unobjec tionable. But if — . 'Ah!' interrupted monsieur, 'she seems very proud.'' ' As proud as Lucifer,' cried madame, indignantly. 'Oh, she gels that from her father,, who, for all his miserable poverty, carries his head' as high as any peer in France. He, indeed 1' she went on, with increased warmth, as if the subject were one of her heaviest crosses. ' Why, he has not paid me a sou for two yrars for his daughter's education. Not a sou ! — and you see. ho.w protid she is 1' Mons:enr du Bois smiled more than ?ver at this betrayal of family secrets. ' And for that reason,' he said, .suavely, 'you let her .pay for her education by assisting you ; is it not so 1 ' Madame, flushed at finding how she bad betrayed her real relations with Miss Chester. 'Ye-es,' sho replied, 'she can help mo in the musical department, because she is a gctiius in that. ' Wonderful,' and she clasped her hands enthusiasti cally. 'You shall- hear her sing and perform if you will, honor ma with another visit.'. . 'I shall not fail to do so,' he an swered. ' The father, you say, i3 alive V he added, carelessly. 'Is he here, in Paris ?' : 'No one knows where he is, unless it be - Mademoiselle Chestaire, and you might 'as we'll question a graven image as her, when she. docn ''nntf chooso to speak.' Madame spoke with such ciperity that it was evident that she had endeavored' to learn something from her assistant, and had -failed. Monsisur, stroked his moustache.' 'I would suppose,' he said, 'that if tho grandfather is an earl he must have wealth.' ?'Oh,',' answorcd madam, 'Mie.has wealth enough; ho is enormously rich, but lie did.no.t;like the .marriagp, and so he cist his son. adrift, and told him to starve, or, live on liis wife's earnings. And, the. miserable wretch ! he did live on her earnings as long as she lived..; Now ? '... She stopped suddenly, as if she thought she had said enough of her assistant and her family afUirs, -Monsieur was in terested, however, and said, in his smooth, insinuating way : ' And now V 'Now he would have Enid — Made- moiselle Chestaire — go on to the stage, and earn money for him to waste at the gaming table.' ?' Poor girl ! and she prefers teaching?' said monsieur, softly. ' Why,' answered madame, chafing under a cross-examination, even when so skillfully conducted, 'I do not know what she prefers, but, in the end, she will do whati her father wishes.' Jusb why Monsieur du Bois was so interested in the affairs of Enid Chester lie did nob betray, bub took his depar ture, saying he would soon make another visit to inquire of the pi ogress made by ! his dear little Yvonne in her general j studies, and in bor muBic above all. As for madame, she sought her teacher of music, and accosted her angrily : ' You will lose me my patrons !' ' Oh,' said the girl, with a singular sorb of haughty, weariness, 'do not try to have a- scene. You knew I should act as I did when you spoke to me. Why did you do it? You always forget that I am here to teach music, and not to exhibit myself to your vulgar patrons.' (To be Continued.) 