: TBADE OF NEWCASTLE, The trade statistics of Newcastle show thut during the year which has just ended there was ; a considerable decrease in the revenue received at the Customs House, and that . the import trade also decreased. Compared with 1896 the decrease in" the. revenue amounted to nearly , £20,000, whilst the value of the imports for 1S97 was £100,000 less than that of the im ports for the previous year. On the other hand, the exports were largely in excess of; those for 1896, the value of the increase being set down , by the authorities at a .quarter of a million sterling. The shipments of coal rose by 361,000 tons, of cattle from 4852 to 7345 head, of coke from 1752 to 10.44S tons, and of pre served meat from 281,000 to 510,000 lb,' The figures ' representing the value of these exports have to be taken on trust, and it is quite pos- 'sible tbnt:iu some instances they are mislead ing: Take coal for example. The; nominal price of this' commodity Is 7s per ton, and it is probable. the. Customs. House authorities at Newcastle have put this value; less 2% per cent. , on nil the large coal that was sent away; .from the port, during the year. But it is well kuown '"that considerable quantities ' of round coal have been sold for , export for less titan 6s a ton, arid there is good reason for '-believing" that. the average; price obtained' for all the.eonl exported was ; at . least' sixpence a ton . less than the nominal price,'. Iri view of the increase in the export trade it is remark able tliqt the imports should -have declined by nearly 17 per cent. This decrease .'indicates that the purchasing power' of the , people in the Newcastle district is much less than it used to he, or that the Sydney merchants have cap tured a large portion of -the orders that used to ho sent to their confreres in Newcastle. The (weight of evidence is more in. favour of the former hypothesis thau of tiie latter, for the imports into Sydney during the past year do hot; warrant one in drawing the conclusion, that the Sydney merchants have largely 'extended their commercial operations .in the . northern, districts. It is a matter of common knowledge .that both in Newcastle itself and in" several of "the mining townships there was a great deal of poverty and distress throughout the . year that has just closed, and this , is undoubtedly the true reason why the import trade declined. Yet' Newcastle was one of the places which it was' predicted would enjoy more than ordi? nary; prosperity under the policy established' by the' present Government. The city and the surrounding suburbs were to advance by leaps and bounds, and the wolf would never he seen near the dpor of any of, the inhabitants. The Parliamentary representatives of all the elec torates in the Newcastle district are amongst the moBt active of the supporters of the present Ministry, but they cannot deny the fact that the working classes in every one of those elec torates are worse off now than they have been at any time during the last twenty years. Un doubtedly the policy of the Government is. largely, responsible for the unsatisfactory posi tion in wbich the working men in the New castle district now find themselves, ' Regarding the commercial and industrial out look in the northern city one cannot speak very' hopefully. Probably the demand for coal will increase, but unfortunately there will be no iucrease in the price. It was announced the other day that the proprietors of one of the largest of the collieries have decided to re duce the price of their coal by threepence a ton. Possibly the other large collieries will fol low this example, and to keep the portion of the trade they have captured the small col lieries may make correspondingly larger re ductions. Having respect to its quality the Newcastle coal , is now the cheapest in the ' world, and it is to ibe regretted that the price movement is to bo (downward instead of up ward. It is to be 1 regretted for the sake of all classes in the district. The profits of the proprietors of the collieries will be less than they have been, and1 those gentlemen will in consequence have less money to put into cir culation; the miners will not have the ghost of a chance of getting an increase in the hewing rates; and the shopkeepers will have their trade' curtailed."" Upon the, whole the signs are that the trade of Newcastle will not be so valuable this year as it wus Hast year, and the trade of last year was nothing to brag about. 