The Catholic World at Large- (From Our Contemporaries.) Father Brindle's Retirement. — Father Brindle,. the well-known army chaplain, who was mentioned in the Sirdar's Omdurman despatch, has retired from the service. Suggestive Results. — Probably as a result of the squabbles amongst the Anglicans the number of converts is, we understand, increasing con siderably in every part of the country. Salesian Missionaries. — About a hundred missionaries of Don Bosco and nuns have just left Turin for America. A Coming Encyclical.— The Holy Father will, it is stated, shortly issue an Encyclical on Anarchism. A large part of the Encyclical has been written by the Pope himself, which testifies to his good health and intellectual vitalitv. Murder .by Cannibals. — A re port of the murder of a Catholic mis sionary named Severin in Upper Ubangi, and an act of cannibalism as regards a child which accompanied him, is unhappily confirmed by a letter from another missionary, whose party was attacked by the same tribe and who narrowly escaped with their lives. An Interesting Event. — An interesting conversion to the Catholic Church has just taken part in the person of Mr. Reginald Grimshaw, son of Mr. O'Donnell Grimshaw, of Belfast. The family is a well- known Protestant one. Mr. Reginald Grim shaw is a cousin of Dr. Thomas Grimshaw, C.B., Registrar-General of Ireland. He was received into the Church by the Most Rev. Dr. Henry Bishop of Down and Connor. Our Lady of Mount Carmel. — A Child of Mary desires to publish the following prayer in thanks to Our Lady of Carmel for temporal favours received by its recital : — prayer. Oh ! most beautiful flower of Mount Carmel, fruitful vine, splen dour of Heaven, singular bringer forth of the Son of God, still remain ing a virgin, assist me in this my necessity (here mention it). Oh ! Star of the Sea, help me and show me herein you are my Mother. Oh, holy Mary, Mother of God, Empress of Heaven and Earth, I humbly be seech thee from the bottom of my heart, to succour me in this necessity (here mention it); there are none that can withstand your power. Oh ! show me herein you are mj mother. Oil f 1V/T o rtr tiMfVinnf ein Ulttl Yj V V/U vv liiiv/ut Oil J J pray for us who have recourse to thee. The Kaiser's Journey in Pales tine. — The tour of the German Em peror and Empress in Palestine has on the whole been a triumphal pro gress, and it must be admitted that though his Majesty went out in the character of a promoter of Protes tantism, he has shown both tact and good feeling in his intercourse with Catholics. Whilst assuring the German Catholics of the East that they might be certain of his Imperial protection whenever and wherever they required it, he gracefully handed over to the German Society of the Holy Land the site of the home of the Blessed Virgin which had been given to him by the Sultan. In performing this generous act he assured His Holiness the Pope and the members of the society, by means of special telegrams, that he rejoiced to be able to satisfy an earnest desire of his Catholic subjects. They might, he said, regard it as a fresh proof of the eternal solicitude with which, although belonging to another creed, he has always endeavoured to watch over their religious interests. The site has from the earliest Chris tian times been considered a sacred spot. Here took place the washing of the feet of the disciples, the Last Supper, our Lord's apparition after he Resurrection, the descent of the Holy Ghost, and the death of Our Blessed Lady. The Jesuits in the Philip pines. — The Island of Mindanao is not a very inviting place of residence. It is one of those places which no adventurer or body of adventurers would select as their permanent home. Its climate is not conducive to lon gevity, neither are the habits of the natives. The Jesuits were not de terred by considerations of this sort from opening up the country to Christian influences. A writer in the Irish Rosarg must be quoted as to the difficulties and dangers which the Society of Jesus encountered in this quarter of the world : — " Owing to the zeal of these fathers, not only in missionary enterprise, but also in geographical and ethonographical ex ploration, the network of rivers in the great islands is now very well known, the fathers having recorded the results of their explorations in numerous sketches and maps. They have also fully described the man- ners and customs of the heathen tribes. As an instance of the sava gery of the Mindanayas, for the most part fanatical Moros or Mohamme dans, it may be mentioned that head hunting seemed, till lately, to be the great object of their existence. The man who chopped off sixty heads was entitled tp wear a scarlet turban for the rest of his mortal life, and scarlet turbans are still far from uncommon among them. As there was an in ordinate desire among the doughty and dusky warriors to wear these turbans, it follows that the popula tion was being gradually but surely thinned out. Yet even here on the sea coast of Mindanao the Jesuits es tablished their stations, living in the midst of their small flocks with their lives in their hands, in close proximity to pirates, savage alligators, and still more savage scarlet turbans." The Philippines are probably lost to Spain. Her officials certainly did not do their work. For instance, these scarlet-tiirbaned gentlemen, whose glory was head-hunting, should have had a little experience of being hunted. A good many other things should have been done which were not done. But if Spain never did anything more than introduce the religious orders into the Philippines, she would have deserved a place' in history as a great civilising power. In South Africa, under the Union Jack, there are slaves, there are none m the Philippines. The Indian peas antry are ground to the earth with taxation. The Filippinos have few wants, but there is no privation. Lord Lismore died on Saturday October 29 in London at the age of 83. The title is now extinct. 