BOOK OF THE DAY. i' a ghost story. _ There arc, of course, a variety of opinions with regard to the merits, of Mr T. W. Stead as a literary man. Some think that he has more than the ordinary amount of brains served out to any indi- vidual man. Others hold that there Is a crank in the machinery, nnd that, as the old Scottish engineer of a mercantile steamer once remarked of a man-of- war : officer, he knows such a deuce of a lot 1 that he doesn't exactly know what lie j does know. But of the fact that he is j an enterprising journalist with a knack j of hitting off the public taste at the 1 right moment few have any doubt whatever. If he be "mad," as some critics have said, he is. as Hamlet . says of himself, only "mad nor'-nor'- ' west," and when the wind is southerly | he "knows a hawk from a hornshaw." ' For example. It will be In the recollec tion of our readers that In the "Review of Reviews" of 1891-2, he took up the text "There are more things between heaven und earth than are dreamed of In your philosophy," and preached thereon right elo quently. Some, portions of the ser mon huve been collected, and are now Issued under the title of "Real Ghost Stories" (Bell's Colonial Library. George Robertson and Co.) The author can- Uldly admits that "it is un offence to surne to lake a ghost too seriously," and he al30 advises that the narratives had better not be read by any one ut tender years, nt morbid excitability, or of ex cessively nervous temperament. Well, we have read them In glol>o. and hold tho humble opinion that the average man or w:nian might follow cur c-xa 'p'e with impunity. For example, we have the following description of a haunted house In the country:— "Some years ago I one day met a lady with whom I was slightly acquainted, who told me that she was on the eve of making a. change of residence. She added that her husband had taken a throe years' lease of a house in L—— road, and when she described the costly Improvements which were being carried 011 In order to make the abode luxurious ly-habitable, I remarked that the altera tions were. more In keeping with a long rather than u short loose. My surprise, therefore/was great, when a few months later I heard that the family, whom 1 wilt here call the Smythes, had removed not only from the house in question, but from the vicinity altogether. About four years later we removed to a house In the samu road— No. 8, the house for merly occupied by tlie Smythes, being then a very dlspial-looklng residence. The hinges of Its heavy gale were coated with rust, the front garden and ap proach covered with wild growth, while the massive portico and sills wore a hopelessly blackened complexion, und I again wondered v/hy the Smythes had removed so suddenly. About tills lime I received a visit from a lady whose ac quaintance 1 had made a month or two previous, nnd she begun at once to dis course on the merits of rite houses com posing our road. 'I always I'.ktd the ter race,' she said, 'and you may Judge we must have been terribly unnerved to have No. 8 as we did.' I started, and looked astonished. 'Did you not know,' she continued, 'that we lived for nearly n year at No. 8? We took an expiring lease of the house from a Mr Smythe. The family had only been in it a few months when they left very hurriedly, although no expense had been spared in the way of improvements to the house Itself. Every one was surprised; but Mr Smy.thc luid me thut his "wife w:us aufferlng from great nervous depression, and the dootor had ' ordered her im mediate removal . nt any cost;"' and. she added. 'After we had been in the house a little time I reoacd to wonder at liar nervous depression, or the sudden removal of the family; for tlie probable cause developed nil too speedily In our own dully lives, ' She went 011 to say, 'I am not at all superstitious, but it Is a fact that long before we were settled In our new abode every one became con scious of an eerie, uncanny feeling per vading the house and seeming almost at mospheric.' My friend then entered very fully Into gruesome detail. Shu said thut apart from the sense of the ghostly depression of which she had spoken, nothing was seen or heard for two or three weeks twfore their arrival. "When one evening, while sitting In the dining-room with her husband, .in Australian captain, they were suddenly startled by a loud knocking In the fire side recess: a few minutes later the knocking wns repeated In the recess on the other side, und after a time w:ui re peated also in recesses In the back room. My friend, whom I will here call Sirs A., immediately sent to the adjoining house to know If any one was knocking for aid, but the answer returned was that Mr and Mrs were In the dining-room, the former being confined to the couch by Indisposition. On several occasions a peremptory knocking at the dining-room door was heard, but when, on more than one occasion, the door was quickly opened from the Inside, no one was visible. One evening, soon, after the captain's departure for Australia, Mrs A. was sitting alone in the break fast-room. this room being In the base ment; no one else wnu In the house, for Hie children were at u juvenile gathering in the neighborhood, and the servant had gone to bring thorn home. My friend was busily engro/ocd In writing, when suddenly she was startled by. the tread of slippered feet across tho dining-room floor, and she also distinctly heard a leather chair moved some distance along the ground, and she nt once concluded that thievea were In the house. "A deg which lay on the rug also heard the sounds, for he pricked up his ears and barked. Wthout a moment's delay f-ho flew to thu door, culling the dog lu follow her. intending us she did so to open the hall door nnd call for assist ance; but the dog, though an excellent house dog, crouched ut her feet nnd whined, but Wjuld not follow her up the stairs, so she carried him up in her arms, uml, reaching the door culled for as sistance; when, -however; the dining room doors were ojtened the rooms were In perfect order and destitute of any signs of life. The s- rvunt tcld her after wards that, an she sat In the kitchen, she repeatedly heard footsteps overhead at times when she knew the rooms were perfectly empty. "After tho family had been In the house u few weeks, a white rabbit made Its appearance. This uncanny animal would suddenly appear In a room In which members of the family we're seated, and after gliding round and slip ping under chairs and tables, would dis appear, through a brick wall ns eusliy m through an open door. Mrs A. then re lated unother Incident which hud evi dently made a profound Impression on her. Shu aald that as the captain was so seldom nt home, und the house was very Inrge, she wna solicitous thut tho children shouttj, if possible, be kept In happy ignorance of their weird sur roundings. '.'Ghostly possibilities were never al luded to in their presence; she was, there fore, horrified one cveplng, when sitting !n the dining-room In company with her young daughter— a child of nine yeans— nt seeing her suddenly spring to her feet from her seat on the rug, and exclaim, 'Mamma, look at that boy creeping round tho wall!' The mother looked in the direction to which her hand pointed, ' but saw nothing. She then endeavored to divert the child's attention,. assuring her that It was otdy her nervous fancy. She partially succeeded, although the little one soemed much agitated. . A few minutes after, however, she sprang to her mother's side tho second time, again exclaiming, 'There is that boy again! Look, mamma, he has slipped under the table.' She wax greatly terrified, .aid begged to bo taken from the room," The real ghost In this episode remains unseen, but tho white rabbit remains, nnd finally drives the imnutes from tho house. Of such ghosts, even Alice in Wonderland would havo but little fear; 