THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed bv certain natives of Jsdia, who live up among the Himalaya Mountains. These old wen, ir is said, have devoted sc-oi es of years to the study of natural laws and 'forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German Professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of lindiiit; out the secret of their remarkable peifonuances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the Professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The p ace was dark as the bottom of a well. "I can't see to reid here," said the visitor. "Then wc will have some light,"' was the reply, aud immediately (the Professor says) a soit, pearly light brightened the cave. He c-onlcl not tell wh'enc; it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is aflirmed bv a man of vast lea riling and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt, except tliHt aii the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. l)r. Johnson sniii'ed at the accouut of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cot-k-lav,e ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and faiicd to Jir.d a cure, is sceptical wiien friends (ell him of a medicine which they believe will make hi-n well. What else i>11 L. iunlii. could result from his experience? Take an examnle:— "in the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, "1 tell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the c-hest. 1 was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered with nervousness and great depression of spirits. 1 kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that 1 took relieving mo! At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a i'ew doses 1 found relief; my food digested. and gradually all nervoitsuess left me. Although 1 had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now iria<i!y ad in it its value and its power over disease. £inre my recovery, for which I thank Motliei Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interest of suffering humanity 1 deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) 1). Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151. Hocklev Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1S93." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and the storv about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may lie true enough, but it cannot be verified without • more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a tru-if worthy witness, who will answer otter- of enquiry, and can be found at his address. 1" inallv. iiiere is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's <'ui ativc Syrup. It acts oil the theory that most ailments iw but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—iiidiirest ion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such a dark ar.d terrifving shadow. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success bv eager witnesses. " S5,92,9vz 