Great Britain. JUDGES AT MASS. The opening of the Law Courts was celebrated on"Monday (says the "Tablet" of 29til October) for the second time bv a religious service at Wlstuiinster Abbev. at which the Lord Chancellor aud several of the judges and barristers attended. The "Times remarked that the men and boys of the choir wore red cassocks, on the analogy, possibly, of the Red Mass Paris Law Courts. Meanwhile in the historic little church of SS. Ans.ehn and Cecilia, in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, the Lord Chief Justice of England. accompanied by Mr. Justice Mathew and Mr. Justice Day in tneir full robes, and by a goodly following of barristers and solicitors, attendee! 1 he " Red Mass "-a Votive Mass of the Holv Ghost—which is usual on such occasions in Catholic countries. The ceremony marked the greatness of the change that has come about iu the centurv It is only a little more than a hundred vears ago that Catholics were first admitted to the degree of barrister-at-law. Now we have four judges of the High Court, besides County Court judges, and distinguished members of the Bar. The annual Red Mass was re-instituted a few years ago, and it has rapidly grown in popularity. At lirst a. few barristers and solicitors without robes simply attended a .Mass in the old chapel of the Sardinian Embassy, in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields. This war, however, the Mass was said by Fr Fitzgerald, in presence of Cardinal Vaughau. who intoned the Teni Creator, sung at the beginning of the service 'The County Court Bench was represented by Judge Bagsbawe and Judge Stonor. Of Queen's Counsel, in full-bottomed wigs, there were present —Mr. Joseph Walton. Mr. Mulholland, •Mr; H. Shoe, Mr. Hugo Young, and Mr Bo wen Rowlands ; and of barristers and solicitors, Mr. P. B. Abraham, Mr. Arthur O'Connor. M.P., tbe Hon. Arthur Russell, the Hon. Frank Russell, Mr. Theobald Mntliew, Mr. St. John Gierke, Mr. Lister Drummond. T>r. O'Connor, Mr. Charles MaUv*. Mr. G, 3. M. Coore, Mr. T. J. Buiiea, Mr Varlwrotigb Audergofl, Mr, J. P. Murphy, Mr. 1'. T. Blackweli, Mr, V, Scully. Mr. Walmsley, Mr; S. Ward, Mr. Wilfrid Parker. Mr. J. B. Campbell, Mr. L. L. Batten, and Mr. Paul Strickland. 