:- "THE HAUNTED HALL, . . .- . : . .'. . - . . - i CHAPTER I, i A stately old mansion, standing.well back from the street, and with a considerable space e on each side, as if withdrawing itself with the pride of conscious superiority from too close contact with the more plebeian structures. which the exigencies of the times and the scarcity of space had huddled so closely to gether around it. Lights gleamed brightly from. every win dow,'and from the great lamp which huing over the broad, stone steps that lId 'up to the quaintly-covered door of the entrance; Within, in the spacious dining-room at opposite ends of the the table, sat two persons father and son. The former was a hale old man, whose face and manner betrayed the stern,, unbending pride and firmness which were the dominant traits of his character, The son was rather slight in, build, with a face which, though wondi'fully like his father's in outline and feaurelost nothing in beauty for being milder in expression. - 'Dear me!' exclaimed Mr Griffi~n,'sud-. denly. 'II waspersuaded to do a foolish thing this afternoon by Gauter., .We.r-;e ceived a large sum of money, too late to de posit, and Gauter was in such a state- 'of nervousness and excitement at the idea::of having it left in the safe at the office, that'I brought the money home with me.. I shall be ol ired to keep it until after_.-roiw ' Ithink the cash will be perfectly safeU a~i-' til that length of time, sir. SAs safe as if it were in the bank,' replied s the father. ;. ... 'But, if anything should h?ppen,. I shoIld : be personally reponsible, of course, and for that reason .shall: take every precution; Ring for Dotler, Edward. .::: The young man touohed the bell, anid the old butler himself appeared.':'.:'':: . : ,** I Dotler,' said Mr Griffini, '.I ant-you to r be unusually particular .in... lockisr' 'up" the house to-night, and.see that the-servanits?'are all in bed before you retirer."";. :;:. Very good, sir. .' Father,' said -Edwad,, nervously, when the old butler had left the-: omi have - favour to i ask.', * well my boy, whit is it. z . I want £1000 .Forf.whliat purpose : SThat I cannot tell you. Theare others involivedand to them I I have pledged y secrecy. Bat if youdid but know how miuch ere is:t stakie- how much. depends,? upo it am sure you wlwould not:' hesitate , a 'Who are those others ; -.'"t::- i i ' ' I I'-anmsorry sir, but even that I can not tell?yo6ureplied Edward;, colouring: S;Theni f.must:-rfuse?t: give the r one0y. like fair, open dealing;.The ~aournt isnothing anid ifryour object6is a fair and honoirable one,, 1;can's?e nd reasionf or secrecy. ' . :: ; Canyou notrst mesar, sir :I had lioped youtuhad c6nfidnce'inyur son., 'Have yvounonein your f th: Ifjyouo'n.ly:knew I- . ' A lmel then;;l ?TenI must refuse to let you fave whiat: youa sk. Ancnow I leaveyou to 6etire If yo .should chan ge your; 'ind by rning shall behappy to oblige you. -0ooq lon g-time Egvard sat miusn here t fie, the silence broken only bi occas tentha: he arose and passed iont~6ithe dimly-ighted hall, and iup the broad stairway to the chamhbers above.:' : 2 . -. I : Dotler,- the butler, whose.hair' had- grown gray in Mr 'Griffifn's service,. wait d :until Edwarid left the ddingiroon. o o , : .Theihouse keepe(r Mrs Timimnons, who hadu IB been sisttincg her cap at Dolter for nearly a quarter of a centuiry, insisteud pon :.,keeping hi talcb?mipanyi;' : :.--:ii '.Now° ,.rs Timmons, saidDBolter CI: IWill: see yoiu to your room, mi'am?iand then I will 1 taike aol at the strong-room and goto bed myself , ". .^ " .;'b . .-. . SGo_~ see to s the strongroomQ firsth andr ithenr come .backand have a glass of-nne beforel we. p.ar tnight-thiere 4 a dear'; replied Mrs'-Timmonspersuasively" . t 'Vyeryelli, maam, replied the butler, l minute So saying .he departed.. 'and started p-i stairs .to thestrong room, :Fichwas onon the: floor abIove, an:d. nextto Mr G?f:in's. apartr: ment.-. - - Just ahis hi eyicame to the level ofi: tp e floo aove the door of .r Griffin,'s om Qpened, and .Ed ward. came ' quiet.ly; out. :' :'. He'sfst aisleep,' h imurmured. :1 A pity, toidistuirbihim.' -Never-i in ll 1 .,Then he went softly down the pasiageto lisi o n room. -:r. Dotler had been startled at first, bu recog nising Edward, thought no-more of the: mat ter,: and went on to the strong-room;. ''- . : : Assuring himself that it -was::securely locked, he was about to return,; .when for some inexplicable reason his ciandle went; out, .. .. . . : . ThiTl wais nbthiiigbof itself, for, except- at each end of the passage, the light was suffi cient to enable him to find his way back with.t out any trouble. But as the light went out he. heard the;i clock strike twelve, and almost on-, thejlast stroke saw a figure, clothed in 'whice, ipass slowly and silently down the hall, and -disap[; pear apperently, into the wall at the -other end.l " , For a few minutes Dotler sfood, :pale fabced anid opened-eyed, staring sitraight befaorili -Theri, recovering himself with tushudder;! :h"e: 'hastily rushed down stairs to the:sEervaints .lia?:? where the house-keeper wo.'anxiously "awaiting his return. :.As he approached, she scream edand 'then I 'What is it ; Enas the plate gone 'I Have; you seen a burglar,. For'Hea.ven's:ake, tell;; mae :1 *' * ' .;.-; \--,Worse than that, Mrs Timmons,' replied Dotler, solemnly.' I have seen a ghost . *'"A ghost!' she repeated, in a tone of awe. 'Yes, ina'm,' said Dotler, sinking into a chair-and setting his candle on a table. 'Yes, ma'am, a ghost.' ' Mercy on us !' cried Mrs Timmuons. Did - you see its face 1 What was it-like.. Who wais it 'Did it say anything ' ' It said nothing, ma'am,' replied 'Dotler; l ' and I don't know who it was or anything. about it. But I believe it was the ghost of peor ms treiss---ded this_ twenty years,. .. . o . 'No, Dotler,' corrected Mrs l'immons,l not enty till April. But what makes you think was her ? 'Because I think-now mind ma'am, I can't be sure, but I think it disappeared into her room. ' Oh, dear! oh, dear ;'moaned "Mrs Titi: mons, wringing.her hanrds ' Somethini dread. Jul is-going to happen Dotler, I'm sure lther is ! Ghosts never walk in aliouse for' noth ing. *The old butler shook his gr he but made no reply. T The next morning, MrG rif:: iuand?7t'- sun. arose together. : The former appeared to be strangly agi tated as he entered the dininig-roo; and : ratig the bell sharply. The butler appeared in answer, to the sum mons; and.Mr Griffin saidsteiinly-? if ' Dotler, did you isee to the fastening up of 'the blouse yourself, as Iordered ast night h . Idid, sir,'repliedDotleri '{And;yuii are sure that every 'door and window -was securely, locked'l Anda'you heard i:o unusual noises during r''io sir;' said' -the butle; growing] sli ghtlypale and nervous. Mr Griflin'skeen eyes detected t e change in, Dotler's manner instantly. ' Come,'. he said, sternly, ' you a e conceal inpy something from', me;. Out' ith:it in~ tantly.. ' Well, sir,' said Dotler,-' when I went toti see to the strong-room thelast th:ag,:a little before tw elve, I-I "I "Go ohn-speak !' cried Mr.Griffin, eagerly.' SDidlyou see an maan-'?nyone-.-ecome ot. of my. room:`'? " ,:,:Yes,sir,' said?Dl?tler' iquiickly lokding at once surprised aud relieved '1 saw Master Edwardicomne outh our a'ard !exlaime' Mr fiyin staggering as iffrom ai blow.; -' " I 'Edward Ai'yo'usui~r it ?as no one else Speakimau _ re you sure - . t' YeTs sir quite sure. _ was as close to hinim as Iam to ydi . t I could. 't ell be mis taken, = ". ,. :.Thierewasa ni ment 's pause. :, Then Mr Griffiln siid ho arsely *. Yiou~~ imay o?"Dbler,. Wheln Edward comes down toirekfast tellhim Ii am wait ing for him in .the librai ry Some 'hours'. later-Edward entred: the library and found his father. standing by the fre. '5 You:wished to see me, father I' he asked. 'Yes,' replied Mrrifisternly Thave one questioi to put to you Were: you in y.rooi last ni ht ? -Yes ir,'re-plied Edward; loking pleased. 'TIt was to tell; you`" . 'Say noS more I :From: this:hour you are no ison of mine.: Oi.?G 'sir,:" and ',never let 'me see. your face again. Go I ,' , , - .. ' : " Father'gasped Edwarld;reeling: Go i, I sayi and never iross :my threshold ag.aian' care thin fodr the money-but nwarn younot to use it, ds Ihave the :num b?rof every niote. Father ' cried Edwa, eagerly. 'I see your mistake-let me!T;.il dt.wh .io a .tlhief._ Will- y.{u 'go or- I st . call: the t: <sr wants to expel ou' I u -sadve'your that: humiliation et en fnoW Oh -fat re, hear me et me 'Not a word'now or ever !'"cried Mr ni son a ithief I S li and shadly Edward left the room, and, a :few mriiu tes later tlhe house.' - - As he ihe?r the door close-. Mr 'Griffin .Sninrmodn : Dotl.er to the library. : tler, di y0ou:. se ?;who left the :hous 'aMiter' Ed wadsird ? 'See that7't'ena~vr her his n ag A. bright light gleanied from: the ?:vindows of- theieold.itmansion to-iiigh t. Al wassil eit, anid dalrand gloony as if tle oldihouse felt the cloud ofdsorrow tthat hung oyver:s ~t inmates.- : :- ,7 In the librairy, sitting befolic alowing fire,' his elbov on a:table; :a?iid his' head' leanin" eardilyupoiia his hand, sat Mr Grifflin .. .He l ooked oldandii : -wori ::r Hi;;isair?wais a white; a? hi .i-faci s- ;eamedwtith ma lies of af , :Fiv?- years i hmused 'i,- v years since Isent him away howlong it seems ' And I have iever ierd -ame or his face in all thatti Th fault was his, thougl" h he i a dered around the roo andh? rostd, i- ?por-rai hanging'_on'the: The faOe wraisi ta .f. loely . wo..?-~-i ~Poo. Mary he nmrmeid It s ell she went before It would hav kill ?ir .So 0whe sati ,andusedwhile th tm e b oanted.?I..a --sorr - . o- he Preetly Dotlir entered, i onge than his master-i no, and said, i.:. etly; ' Did. you rin, sir No,- . eplied Mr Gi?iffin arousing imse.lf How is the timi:e, Dotler-. ; 'Neary/twelve sir: Solate,!,i ina sorry ohav pt you up. " will oibiedunow 'Jtust tbeiitheb th'ouni d -of fi stei s on th6 .tais cam" ftinif thi.hallupt .. y"'I ish VaskedAr Gri Are ' 'Yes, sir,':replied the butler, colouring and lutk isn D otler p e asked Mr Griffin, n tcoing hi t sema se ran iOn d ome seill yorsii hog t intir ers fo the · : ,t o wait up t The o Hai ewe a ghot in t oe i'.. '' -_ . .; -? .: :. .':.-,'.:f V ._ _: """s ;'/.. -r ..,. .-i . ..: ,'L .,;?.=,. . 'Ind id ! This is ' gettin iriterestinfg- : And how loig since you first s the appari. tiou-g Five years ago, on' :the ni ht thati that you lost the money. 'When does it appear. -It comes at the stroke of elv? dfrom the: iwall, or so6mewhere near you room, and goes ?down the hall to mistress'. bo doir, and then i -back to ydur apartments aga .: You have never spoke too itI sup 'pose1 ,N indeed, sir!' replied e butler, shiver ' Well,'Dotler,' replied Griffin, 'I will wait fi'rthe ghost with you night: Go, now, 'and the nmment it appeiars all ,mie. ;' Very welI, 'sir,' said D ti,.ei and left the -room. MIr ;Griffin stood looking t the portrait on The fire wai birning brightly. Suiddnly ?l the picture faded from hiis ight, hand his dead wife stood before him. -1ome !' she said. .He',arose and followed: her silently, As he passed.. out of -the room, he turned and1Iookld back; !''.To his 'surprise, he sa ?. /figure which he ' knew tob le himself sitting:- in front of the fire, -But the silent form by his side touched him again, and he folloved . -. - as`fa iifr to himi as so owii"ame'afol lowed, until' the heart f the city wasTeft far behind. r A row of neat little cottages stood before them;:his guide motioned' him to enter the yard' of one, and led him to 'a window from w?hich the blind was drawn; Looking' in ,:he: saw at a `glance that the occupants were people of taste andrefinement,' poor though ithey might be. His gliance went on to another rooii, the door of which stood open. Afair young mother was kneelingby the, side of a beautiful, curly-haired boy. . He could see the child's lips move as if in prayer, And then the words seemed to come faintly to him . -.God bless papa and mamma and poor grandpa, too, Amen. And then, as the child turned his face to the mother for a kiss, he started, it- was so like one he knew. A moment later it seemed and :a man enteied the house. The 'mothei .met him at the door, and helped him remove his wraps and sundry par cels from his pockets. : Then; both sat down near the fire. .The man; was'his son-=-Edward. ' He is married, then,' .lie thought. 'L remeniler'something about a girl. And that dear child is his ! Then '.-he heard the wife say, reproach fully' . , A' A Edward, this old coat- again to night! - 'Yes. dear,' ,he answered. - ' .I met Dodds to-day, an old friend of mine, who has done -ie imany- a good -turn in the old-days: and he ' looked so shabby and hard up that l quiestioned him. Aid'. when, little by little,' I got his story fromanhim, such atale of wretchedness and misfortune, Ethel, that I shIali tnot: repeat. it, I--well,1 loaned hiim the toney. :, Do .you' care so. much for the ne wcoat, then' No, dear,' she .answered, putting her soft, whit'e arm around his neck, and pressing a kis~ upon his foreh ead. - 'T am very glad you did it. But it is a shanme for youi to.have to wear that old coat akinylonger. Ah, Edward, if your father had :not been so hard, so cruel and unjust--.if he had but let you speak--' ''Hush, dear wife !'said Edward. ' No. hard or- hitter thoughts must linger aiound our hearts. ' Poor father ! God.krnows I have nothing in all my heart for him but love and pity and forgiveness." " . 'Once more the silent figure by his side iouehed him, and, with a sigh that was almost a sob, he turned from the window and fol lowed her.? Back to his own house again, and on up. the stairs, along the hall to the door of his dead wife's room.. - C -rossing it with highide, Shhepointed to the open grate. -". " - He seemed to feel her meaning, and kneel ing, puished aside the odds and ends of waste paper and what~iot with which the girate was illed, and took something fromothe very bot tom. - . • The?i he arose, and she whom he had loved and l6st long ago,-. with a smile so'joyous, so 'full of heavenly peace and rapture, that he 'seeri?ed'o' feel the glory of it in his very soul, led hinf'to.the door and vanished. Th'en Mr Griffin opened his eyes and found ihimsel?fisitting before the fire, while 'Dotler :as st.andifig beside himi tfembling, and white ~with excitement. - '- - 'it oolws otlie ure first and.found '~ Go b ~sd' sir, has come and toe forever. The old s ir ?? 's anner moved him stran ly our words arevery straigeI Dotler,'"he sad What do you ?.?an . ,. Si I hiave a strange story totell you,' but " sttell it in'my own way. Will you ihear f'o on.'Mr Gri?flin answered. Fi?e years ago nigt,i was itting up aitinig for iMaster Edward.-'to retire. 'You had been?io-ie .o.e time. t last he iwent, -n asidI always do,-I ent to try the strong Srom door thehi'st't?ini ' :Igot 'to he Ihd lof tes?tairs;, 'I sa ? a?Ister Edward eave your rdomi thought rnhing of that, uta.ftei I haditried- the strchig-room door and uas about to go back, my a dlewentbut, the chloic stru'k midilght, and at that' ery miiomn it. saa white formf\appeuar,- and movqe slowly dowin the hail and 'disappear near mistress' boudoir. I went wn and told Tidanoi?: What I had seen.-. W thoight it 'was the spirit of poor mistress i e next day, youiquestioned me as to what I ld seen or heand that night, and I told you about seeihng Master Edward leave your roo 04 but never mnentioned the ghost, b-causse I - eared youf woyuld laugh at me, sir. On the Aime night every year for five years; myself a the other serv, nts have watched thath whit lent formd 'pass down the hall1 di~sapear and me back =:m~? '.-left.youihere and <went U?.- -rtO: ".".Ii2; :L , ::? , ",::,=? ;?:? ..:?)?i ' '.. J,:::":'::'.i'i ;, the hallF with the rest, intending to call yoi?,?-. as you ordered, the moment the ghost.' .ap peared. As the clock struck twelve, and just as:I was about to come for you, I saw you... comining up the stairs. Your eyes were open? I.touched and spoke to you, but you paid no heed 'to me, but went slowly down' the hallin the very .path of the ghost. As I stood .'and: watched, I saw it all in a moment. I f0ollowed =you to mistress' boudoirsaw you take some <'thing from the grate, come out, and '`:back to this room; and sit down in this very chair, as you are.sitting at this minute--but you were asleep, sir ; see what you?: hold in- your hand. For the first time Mr Griffin became aware that he was holding something -in his hand. He looked at the object, started and,. with a gasp, laid it on the table--a roll 6f notes. Then he said slowly, as if the effort were almost too great- . 'Help me, Dotler. What-does it all mean L Tell me. ' It means, sir, that five years ago you took that money in your sleep, and going to mis tress'. room, hid it inithe grate, where I saw you takeit from to-night, ,And I, seeing you, took you for a ghost, fool that I was ! And every year since then you h tve done the same thing,;and I have never seen my error until to-nightI.when, by reason of your waiting here, you.did not have your night clothes on, and, irecognised in oY th' Abost. It means, hat Master dward is inn.ent. ' Haind-me a little memorandum- book you': will find in that drawer, Dotler,' said Mr Griffinrafter a pause. D'I)otler laid it on the table. .His master took theelastic band from the roll of notes,. and spread them out on the ":::' table before him. = He compared the numbers with those in the book. His head fell'updon the table, and he sobbed-=` aloud. In the morning, Mr Griffin, looking years':" older than he - had the night before, was pacing restlessly up and down the library,. Presently Dotler came to ask- - ' Will you breakfast now, sir I ' S?otler,' said Mr Griffin, ' I muest.find him -I must find my'son to-day-and you must' help me. ' I can take you to Master Edward, sir,'. said the old butler, eagerly. ' You-you-know where he lives'? ' Yes, sir ; I-I have been there. ' Oh,-.Dotler, 'and never told me? ??! ' Siir, you forget that-- ' -'True, I did forget-God help me, I did Sforget! And you have seen him-more thani once-many times, perhaps '? ' I knew he was innocent, and he has seen: much trouble, sir. A brother of-the _dear.` girl he married went wrong five years-ago, and Master Edward undertook to raise the'. money to save him from disgrace. He:: did: succeed, but it has taken all these years.to pay it back. Yes, lhave seen him many times. A And I,' the father said, a pang of jealousy tugging at his- heart,.' I have -not, aid heia my son. 'You will-see him now, sir I And his wife' and the little boy ?? 'Ay, I remember the dear child;"he' mat.i tered. -- - - , An hour later, and Mr Griffin w"s knockin - at his son's door. He and the old butler entered together. . Every object in the room was familiar to him, even to the boy, who sat staring at him - .from his mother's knee. Edward came forward to greet them. 'Father !' he cried. ' Edward-my son-my son ! And the old man laid his head on his son's shoulder and wept. -". Some time afterwards, when all had been -explained, Mr Griffin, sitting between his sea and the daughter he had never known before, and holding his wondering grandson on hia knee, said huskily, laying a roll of notes in Edwards's hand- - . ' Edward, here is something for your boy -a present from the ghost.. 