S STORY. THE < ^TAWAYB. I!V( .-IIOMUSY. , , twelve miles from \Vattle'Il!,r ,' , purdie's River, i-dinplt Paul cuest "a . ,1S not sufficient to (be l'"'11™"? was Llie solitary rherwt I ; „ t he season for fish fff' the si'"' 'IS "ot sufficient to Itii'in 'n'm Io"' cn t'le following . v iie ,rouid i to Melbourne to start on lii-c ' after a fortnight'6 gnerience ' ",S,K wl>ere letters of production i Kngland had enabled spin him to soe w i p of station life at the Merediths* hos' '<■ home. j]c htitl oiih ■f*so long at Purdie's jjiver from a '• ''sire to see J'ollie Mere didt agniJi a - not strong enough to )aj;e him b;n Wattle-park, but suffi cientlv strong • mke bini look forward [ meeting h. i : he picnic on the coast, ,,-hteJj a «<"<' : ^,rs- Meredith invited j,jm to joint: 'ay. He stopped ■ dling beneath the shade e) an oveili- g wattle to take hi6 ratih front if ><>w.s of the canoe, where hiseo.it ami -troat lay, with gun and MONTEFIORE, PRIVATE RESIDENCE OF CHIEF JUSTICE WAY. nni'PRNMRNT-HOUSK. ADELAIDE. ACTINO GOVERNOR AND CHIEF JUSTICE OF SOUTH AUS'lRALIA AI main. fishing: Nearly 12—he had been longer :n he thought up the river, and should ve to hurry or be late for the lunch, : which a long row and a morn ings ti- iig had given him an appetite. With 1. ; strokes of the paddle he made the eau- Mavel q_o the buoyant salt water, and soi .iissed the boardinghouse, nestling atnong i.» trees"op a rocky bank, half a mile l! .-r, \he river mouth. He heard toices iht> house, therefore the picnic Party i, id arrived', and since the rowing °at ! , gone from the' landing-place •""trio i. 'Jiem must;r have gone down to the l,i , leaving the men; to get fishing t'lcldi' ; to tile bursas, and Ashton I'addh .l ■: without'etoftijng. The s.n iy har at" thelmouth of the river nas oji.■ .. with a strong stream running ouh I, Ids surprise, Ashton did not see die hoti i hoat in the little rocky cove ere ''V' moored his canoe out of the sv>ep' the tide, yet footmarks on the ^n<l sin ned that some of the party had meinhi,]ithere and made off down the coast. Slipping a book into his pocket as a specific against possible boredom, Ashton ® owed die tracks on the sand to the foot ® 8 bank clothed in booby-aloe scrub and ^ ffiuss and riddled with rabbit bur v0fl.8: I'rmii the high ground above was 'n'e a hinitlesB expanse of ocean, with tin8 . "K 'ow °vcr the dark, white PPed rollers, quieacent, but aullen and .eB8: Near at hand amoke from a P nuc rose above the eliffi; end Aah CHIEF JUSTICE WAY, ACTING GOVERNOR. SOUTH aUstraiia MRS. WAY. MARBLE HILL, SUMMER RESIDENCE OF S.A. GOVERNORS. DRAWINGROOM, GOVERNMENT-HOUSE, ADELAIDE. A BUSH TANDEM. ton could hear the voices of the party on the rocks. Sliding down the steep track, with an avalanche of sand and shells at his heels, a few moments later he approached the group, amongst whom were Mrs Meredith, her elder daughters, three girls and two boys from a neighbouring station; no Pollie to be seen. A glance assured Ash ton that she was not with those peri winkle hunting on the rocks, and, disap pointed, he devoted his attention to parry ing the shafts of Mrs. Meredith's sarcasm aimed at the pressing engagement which had hurried him from Wattle-park and stranded him at Purdie's River for a week. He felt himself in an awkward corner, when a cooey from the seaward created a wel come diversion, as a boat appeared round the point of an island, lying some four hundred yards off shore. It was the boat from the hotel, and Ashton observed that Pollie Meredith sat in the stern steering for a white-flannelled man at the oars. "Oh! I'm so relieved that they're coming," exclaimed Mrs. Meredith, look ing up. "I was really growing quite anxious; and lunch is all ready. I seriously don't think it was safe; do you, Mr. Ashton?" "I shouldn't have cared to take a lady out with the weather so threatening—but all's, well that ends well. 1 suppose the chap with* Miss Pollie can row?" ."Oh, splendidly!" said Mrs. Mere dith • with^-confidential enthusiasm. "He dohs everything splendidly. That—and other things—made it all right. Of course with youHir my boys I should never have allowed.-;t, «. "Of course,?!"feaid Ashton, rather nettled, and vaguely wondering whether Mrs. Meredith rated him furthest below her hero, in character or watermanship. Miss Meredith, measuring out tea for the boiling billy, detected some irony in his tone. "Mr. Lyne twice stroked the Ox ford eight," she said in a proprietary way, rather suggesting that she had helped him in the feat. "Did he?" Ashton knitted his brows, and stared at the figure in the boat, coast ing the shore of the island, with slow dawning recollection. Tt happened that rowing was his hobby. He had rowed in the Oxford boat himself, and was sure that anyone who had stroked it twice within historic times could not be a stranger to him. No one of that name had such a record, and yet the name sounded familiar, as also seemed the appearance of its owner, as far as he could make it out at the distance. "I don't think I quite caught the name, Miss Meredith. Mr. ?" "Mr. Lyne—an Englishman, like your self, and at the same university. Perhaps you knew him?" "The name is certainly familiar, bat 1 scarcely think Ah! whoever he is, he's got his boat into a mess there.'" The oarsman had certainly got his boat into a mess, or, rather, his pilot, Miss Pollie, had done so, by pulling the wrong rudder-line with great promptitude and energy, throwing her upon a rock, which went through her rotten old timbers lrke a knife. "Don't be alarmed, Mrs. Meredith." ex claimed Ashton, "there's no danger, I as sure you. The water is Bhallow, and they can almost jump ashore from there." But Mrs. Meredith's fears were not to be appeased by any such assurances. "Oh! what will they do?" she moaned. "I'm sure they will be drowned, and instead of doing anything you just stand there calmly telling me there's no danger." \- Asliton shrugged his shoulders, and Miss Meredith interposed, "Don't be so unrea sonable, mother! What could Mr. Ashton do? And look! They really are all right." Pollie Meredith was clinging tight to the boat, which remained impaled upon the rock, and rapidly filled with water. Her companion had jumped out on to a slippery kelp-carpeted plateau, and, standing waist deep, held out a hand to her. After some hesitation, she, too, made the plunge, and, caught by a breaking wave, skirting round the deeper pools, slipping and tripping in the tangle of seaweed, they traversed the few yards of water and gained the shore of the island, wet through, but safe. When she had seen the pair step on to dry land and shake themselves ruefully, Mrs. Meredith heaved a sigh of relief and broke the silence. "Thank Heaven it was no worse!" she exclaimed. "It was a merci ful providence that Mr. Lyne happened to be with Pollie." > Ashton did not quite see what Lyne had done to warrant any special thanks to > Pro vidence for his presence, but refrained from saying so. "Yes, they are > all right for the present," he said; "but the difficulty is to get them off > the island." "You could just row a boat over to them, I suppose, couldn't you?" asked Mrs. Mere dith, looking at him doubtfully. "Of course, Mr. Lyne would see about bring ing Pollie back safe again." "I should be happy to try, but unfortu nately there isn't a boat in the place to take. They had the only one the hotel pos sesses." \ "Then what is to be done?" she asked despairingly. "Surely there is a boat of some kind," said Miss Meredith. "I thought they apoke at the hotel of your having gone rowing." "I have the canoe," answered Ashton; "but I should be doubtful about putting two in it in smooth water, and shouldn't dream of attempting to bring Miss Pollie from the island to the beach." "Don't you think Mr. Lyne mi|,ht b able to bring Pollie ashore in it?" Certainly not," returned Ashton shortly, "and in any case I won'i let him try." "What's this? What's this?" Mr. Meredith, flushed and out of breath from his haste across the hill to .join the party. "How the dickens have those two young idiots stranded themselves there?" His wife poured the story into his ears and Paul Ashton called Miss Meredith and one of her brothers aside. "Look here Miss Meredith," he said, "I don't want to alarm your parents, but it seems to me a moral certainty that Miss Pollie must spend a day or two on that island." "A day or two!" "Yes, at least—perhaps more. It will take that to order a boat up from Mel bourne or elsewhere, and cart it out to Purdie's River. And, besides, don't you see the storm coming up hand over fist? It may blow for a week, and make the coast impossible to launch a boat from it." "It's deuced awkward, but I believe you're right," said Arthur Meredith gloomily, looking at the lowering elmnis and the swell, every minute showing larger crests of white. "Hut we must do something!" exclaimed Alice Meredith. "I am thankful that it is Mr. Lyne who is with her." "Mrs. Meredith has also expressed the most fervent gratitude on that M-nre." said Ashton irritably. ".May J. wit hunt being rude, inquire the reason?" Miss Meredith looked at liini with -■< m surprise. "Well," she said, "in the u>t place because he's such a resou: mui. capable sort of man, and in the sc. I suppose it's no harm to tell you -'ii.it lie and Pollie are engaged." "Kngaged! Miss Pollie and Mr. I. "\es." Miss Meredith frowned lirotlier for his grin and wink m i standing. "It's not exactly aim there's some business or other he . -I to settle first; hut I am rather mi that she lias never mentioned h you." She has not done so," answered Ash ton. "However, there was no reason why she should. Kxeuse the vehemence of m. surprise, Miss Meredith, but—I believe I once knew Mr Lyne." "Mjss Meredith looked at him in puzzled silence, with a question 011 her lips which Ashton checked unspoken. "Anyhow, i '^von't do to waste more time," he s;u briskly. '.'Someone will have to camp " iff^iislanil, aifd we can't let them stan WilJ^you 'gjye us a hand, .Meredith. -Ji^kc im pipniq' provisions over to my en >it>the ^louth?" '^!**l£$£tji.inly, old chap. It's lucky we 1 brought tlie prog with us." Mr. Meredith ridiculed the idea ol I making a lengthened stay 011 r island. When lie was young. 1 stead of foolery in telegra; ug boats from Melbourne, be would patched up the boat and. brought my woman under his charge safe ' me. However, a general moye toward; die cove where the canoe-" lay In bed stopped Mr. Mereditjn before he ■vas fairly launched <rn one of he numerous stories exemplifying the pi ess of himself and his generation. I he others, with the baskets, fob 'ea Ashton and Miss Meredith who led : lie way across the high ground to the "T Hippling waves of liglit and shade <•! mi! one another over the long grass bit-vug the sand, as it lay down before the md. and caught occasional gleams of (he mu through the storm clouds; and the 1» 'by aloes and prickly box, clipped bare <m the sea side by many a former gale, L"u < <1 sulkily before this fresh attack. "It is getting rough," said Miss Mere dith, with a clutch at her straw nab straining at the hat pins. "Are you -lire you can get over to the island > '"ir self ?" "Yes: if I waste no time, but the si win means business, and in an hour it will hi impossible," answered Ashton. "As iMSi I doubt if it will be safe to come back " 'Then you do mean to come back"? "No; I do not." The others had overtaken them, and with this equivocal reply Miss Meredith had perforce to be contented. A w* minutes later the little craft, laden into of food, knives and . miscen0""- and frying-pan, with 8 ks Plate6' wraps as it was safe io the stream. . '■jfotff8 )'n^io1 amateur^fashinn, flatbed igh'tbe broken e&yinc; ®raight eo"fsc ' ,„d reached the swell win'1' 011 tp- hastened up the path Jlltl TI,,,, uabicucu I l,evotid- J" ' icr of the voyage from ipVairb Wj;,;; .-looking the ocean. !eb«i' r"! I licir V118 ' was i -'I risk- A nasty sea 1UK limning. oe swell becoming more ,,,,,'lwn every e, hut onlv care and which :l had in plenty, were : n,i,vJ to /■ : the canoe from being vamped or 'g over. Once under (l,e lee <" island, he found ! safe elm' amid the rocks in ieimrntivi'l} ah water, and beached the eastern end oi a ship stranded by hi: canoe 11.- i I oi a bu'S - "j -hero iin • ^ a„0 showed its rust ... c)t Jii, a , **» . ,tonn °! n- i,ve tlie sand- Waving mldeif -hici's from the mainland aim i141.1'' ..... „rt him ■■[low hon wrong striae wasii t 1 • ■;\ what. ■■jWt '»•' avid, die la; ill while the castaways, j i.1.- l,.AnU 4-~ ^"ii'iscd )ln- on the beach to Wt'l -,iihint preserver!" cried \Wleoim. ^ -Oo you know, 1 Wiih'>-i could row so well?" had no i • idea that vou would "And 1 i'" :tcn «• hon - : rou. 1 only pulled the I was rather a Juggins, moved; it's a good English , d. "But hew rude of me; Lvne—Mr. Ashton." Mi jvne—i>ir* Aouwu. V stilllv. "I think Mr. The men , n, .-Hill I met iiefore," said Ash '"»• Lyne muttered something to the -■one ■ ■■■t. "Hit vdu? How interesting! A kind Mi iitnley, 1 believe; l)r. Livingstone, I in»" t .' only you don't seem to shake linmb liut, seriously, what are we going i" tin l'ollie rattled on. "1 am wet throut tliis wind is simply cutting we pieces; 1 am starving, and dial ■ !;io-shcil won't possibly carry all "f us. the fox and the goose and bag of ojiii. A'hy do you both stare like uuinir, without saying or doing any^' thing' s(ie stamped her foot partly with annoy., -o, and partly to warm heraojfyjfts' l-yne 'l|ed at his moustache, witb*iiis eyes tilc groyijd and a frown on his luce, a, 1 A^rfon employed himself in un t ackin th^ca'hoe/. "It is a case of camp for st, of uiT, alias Pollie," he said, takiiii_- it, the things opp by one. "Would you 1., ; putting Uliat gun out of reach w til, aves; arjd2 possibly, Mr. Lyne would ,;sk» . fT-' ■ 'J >' tone,of sarcastic' politeness and 'ieiit ^Qilbeftj vlij on earth A an v " help '-ltbe i'dste.i'd' Jbf standing tneiv asleep?r tecaikjF Lyne from a even, and tod?qj^ tf /relieve, Pollie 11 i'undle of ~®xap^, which she una p. Milantly on the sand, he assisted in ischaiv ng the rest of the cargo. aiiw, said Ashton, "every minute it f, rougher, and the canoe must go back "nniediali'ly." Mith how many people in it?" ml Pollie. It won't carry more, „n '""st go, as there is burely food time"' r° ^or ^wo' the storm lasts any "I. "oddinj, towards the canoe. n„t!,.»pt propose that you should," Ly!ii.(''..< Ashton, "but I dare say Mr. usrsni'in"" ^ believe lie is an accomplished li,m vV' \°u, connnand of this expedi havpt,',as Pollie sarcastically. "Gilbert, with c v,,u,?0t anything to say?" Then, ava,J ue dignity, "Perhaps you are not S;^engaged "Bht°n' that ^lr- ^ and 1 I slm.i fMi" Meredith told me. Perhaps AslUnn i ft '? congratulated you;" said us u lftnig his hat. "If you will excuse and tofii ynf and I will discusB the matter "Y«« iuW at best to he done." ' "at is the best thing, Pollie," said Lyne, starting almost guiltily as Ashton turned bis back' with an impatient gesture at the name. "Have your own way. You both seem to me a little mad," she answered, and sat down on the boat with her hands to her face staring at the people on the shore, while Lyne followed Ashton a little way down the beach. Then the latter turned suddenly. "You did not expect to see me here," he said: "but here I am, and I am going to stay.' Lyne shrugged his shoulders. "And you mean to while away the time, I suppose, by teiling tales of me?" "I shall use my own judgment as to what 1 tell. Look here, Campbell! Don't look so frightened of your own name; she can't hear us. By the way, it was stupid of you to adopt your mother's name, if you didn't want to set old acquaintances wondering— and rather rough on her to disgrace it. I'm not going to waste words, and I'll give you a show to beat a fairly decent retreat. In the first place, can we patch up your boat and all get back to shore together?" "There's not a chance of it," answered Lyne gloomily ;-"!, tried, but there is a hole bigger than your head, and she's only hang ing together by- the paint." "I thpnght as inuch.;. Then you must lack oft In the canoepand quickly, or it will be jtoo hi to/'' \ ' . "Andwoit?" "1 shifjl to i$ke caro of the lady." "I'm damned if!.will'-do it!" "Very Ve)l,V replied Ashton, calmly, "1 shall inform-Jsusg Meredith.that her fiance's name is noKLyije.. but'Campbell, and fur ther tliat heSfot info trouble in England, and is at | restmiimirrjetf to a disreputable I armaid. Then she can judge what she will do." "Low, tweaking cur," muttered Camn liell. "Look, here, my man!" relied Asliton, autoniaticiiliy closing liis fists, "Don't imagine that because J have been a good friend to you, and kept your secret so far, I'm either going to let you bring disgrace and iinha; niness on an innocent gin, or stand that kind of language from anybody. 1 shall tell Miss Meredith in your presence if yon don't go, and I've a good mind to giye'.vou a thrashing first." ^amphcll was not a coward, and he knew that any attempt to thrash him would be a very open event, but the moral advantage resting with his opponent cowed him. "I on t talk rot about thrashing," he answered quietly. "I'm sorry I broke into abusiveness, but it seems a bit rough on a fellow that one mistake should dog him round the world, and dis grace him evervwhere. We were not ex actly engaged, for all I know, my wife may he dead, and I've lived straight out here— on my soul, I have." • She was alive when I left England four months ago, and pestering me for your ad dress," said Ashton, contemptuously. "It's a way little mistakes of that kind have to make things unpleasant, and if it's your idea of living straight to make love to a girl to break her heart, and get j'ourself live years for bigamy, it's not mine. Here comes Miss Meredith," he continued, glanc ing towards the canoe, where Pollie stood, trying to wring more water out of her skirt, "so make up your mind." Campbell chewed the end of his mous tache. "What are your conditions, if J sro?" he said. "I make no conditions. However, I ad vise you to tell the family that you and Miss Meredith have quarrelled; that she has broken off the engagement, and that natural!}', under the circumstances, she would have found it unpleasant to be left alone with you." "And you will not contradict that story?" "No," said Ashton, impatiently, "I shall probably tell Miss Meredith the truth to put a^JhmI «nd to this business; but her owti/pride ^rilk make her keep the secret. Yog fegn-dew out without scandal, and live decently somewhere else. Do you ac cept?'! \ VIt appfeafs I must," answered Campbell, with a bitfpj: laugh, .{'but I'd like nothing better \ this-p aminute \ than to break your neck." ^ "That is a yery natural aspiration. Do you want nve minutes with Miss Meredith to explain things, from your point of view? ' '■' / Campbell Took§3 at Pollie, a few yards away, coming slowly towards them, and hesitated. "No," he said, shrugging his shoulders. "I don't doubt that you are equal to it. Let us drop the curtain on the farce as soon as possible." Pollie Meredith's approach put a stop to further discussion. "Have you two decided how to dispose *■%' of me?" she asked. .— l"The weather has decided it," said Ash- • . ton. "You must stay here till the storm >». is over." . "And who is to be my keeper?" ^ j "I am." " Miss Meredith flushed angrily. "Have ,A you deprived Mr. Lyne of his tongue? ^ Don't you think, Gilbert, that if I must * have someone to take care of me for a day or two it might be a little more proper— v» or not quite so improper—if you volun- " teered?" "Mr. Ashton has brought me news of a A,;' matter which absolutely necessitates my return to Melbourne." Incredulous and mystified, the girl looked with knitted, puzzled brows from one to „* ' the other. "That is so," said Ashton. "I should say that he must go immediately." "And am I not to know this business?" / "That is for Mr. Lyne to say." "Then you actually do leave him some- " thing to say?" answered Pollie Meredith, ' : sarcastically. She turned her flashing eyes * upon her fiancee, who was already dragging V the canoe to the water. "Well, Gilbert?" He shrugged his shoulders, and refused 'i.-.1 to meet her look. Ashton had walked off . * on the pretext of lighting his pipe be neath the shelter of a rock, but Lyne A seemed unaware of it. "I think it better not to tell you now. It would involve ex- --Y planations that there is no time for," he said coldly. i'.i "Oh! very well!" She bit her lip, and "\\. stood with her hands on her hips, and her • breath coming fast, watching him for a moment; then turned suddenly away, and * ' marched off down the beach. A half- re proachful, half-appealing call of "Pollie!" *-*l: reached her ears. He might come after her if he would, and ask to be forgiven. ! Then Pollie heard the keel of the canoe ■* grate upon the sand, but was too proud to look round, and she had not gone very far when her angry, hurt feelings found re lief in a violent fit of sobbing. >he had i een troubled lately with doubts ^ and scruples as to the depth of her feeling ^ for Gilbert Lyne, but nevertheless it was • intolerable to be thus insulted—handed over without a word of rpology, explana- ,\'« tion, or even a farewell to the unwilling care of the officious Mr. Ashton. It was enough to rouse a temper much further -i : from the surface than Pollie Meredith's, and she felt that she positively hated Paul Ashton for his contemptuous tone towards Lyne and the share which she instinctively knew was his in bringing abouf the posi- * tion. ^ When she wiped the tears from her eyes, * and looked again towards the coast, Gil- * bert Lyne was midway in the channel. *' , handling his canoe with reckless disregard of the seas which might swamp her any minute, and would have done so but that £•< wind and tide were in her favour, and, re- « > lieved of the cargo, she was a buoyant J. ?' seaworthy little craft. Pollie breathed freer when she saw Lyne make the river mouth, and disappear round the point in the epgl low water of the bar, rough enough to give him a ducking, which she would not grudge, but not deep enough to seriously endanger his safety. Her family and friends, waving their farewells, had dis appeared from the hill to meet the canoe when Pollie turned to look for Ashton. He was engaged in kindling a fire at the mouth of a cave in the rocks facing the mainland, and sheltered from the biting wind that kept rollicking chorus with the sea. Pollie was debating whether to crush Ashton with cold displeasure by keeping away from him and his fire, or to warm herself physically and mentally by opening a spirited attack at close quarters, when he solved the question by disappearing over the crest of the slope to the high ground forming most of the island. It was less .galling to her pride, which cold must have soon subdued, to occupy the deserted camp-fire of the enemy than to beg for a plaee beside it; and with a cane of her mother's on her shoulders she steamed at the cheerful blaze, wondering what had become of Ashton, what in fluence he had upon her fiance, and how long it might be before their rescue. Meanwhile Ashton was in search of water, which he knew be should find gathered in little holes, like basins, in the rocks from the rain of yesterday. The island, lying end on to the main land, measured half a mile in length and a little less in breadth. The coast, rock bound save for a Jew short stretches of sand, was scarred and indented by the sea, pierced here and there by caves, where sea-swallows made their home. The ele vated portion, undulating from fifty feet to twenty feet above the sea, showed in places bare stretches of sand strewn with huge empty peri winkle shells ; in others clumps of stunted box, leaning at a permanent ingle of 45 degrees, clipped bare of foliage on the weather side; and in yet others, where depressions gave some shelter from the winds, the pink-flowering "pig- face," rough grasses, and various plants and shrubs of low stature made a tangle haunted by the ubiquitous rabbit, and the home of snakes and birds. Ashton stood for a few moments on a wind-swept hillock, watching the ocean and the surf line, stretching broad and white along the coast, feeling some pity for the pair of lovers whose romance he had darkened, wondering whether he had been right to insist on such summary parting, and picturing with apprehension, not alto gether devoid of amusement, the difficulties of the position which he and l'ollie Mere dith had to endure together. Recollection of her cold and hungry plight recalled him from speculation, and he hurried on to fill his billy, and conciliate her with a cup of tea. On his return he found Pollie seated on a rug, with boots off, and her feet to the fire, maintaining, under difficult circum stances, an attitude of haughty and offended dignity. Ashton deposited the billy on the embers without speaking, and then made a hasty snatch at a small boot just in time to rescue it from burning. "You nearly lost that, Miss Pollie," he said with a smile; "I am afraid the leather is rather cracked as it is." "Thank vou!" she said stiffly; "you need not have troubled about it." She sat on in stolid silence, elaborately ignoring the pre sence of Ashton, who, determined not to hurry things and to try the soothing in llueip.e of food, selected Jrom his cargo a fubs^Btial meal of sandwiches, hard-boiled eggs,'"ui}'4, variops kinds of tempting-looking m.o:.ls." 'jwatehed hi tit out of the coiner of her dye, acutely conscious that she had bteafcf/sted before eight, and that now the hoju^vas half-past two, but pride would nbfiet her ask for food, or open the way to conversation, and she waited with growing impatience for Ashlon to hreak the ice. However, when he took the water off the fire, just as the billy began to sing, and was on the point of emptying half a cupful of tea into it, her housewifely, picknicking instincts rose in sudden and uncontrollable revolt. "Here! Stop you silly!" she cried contemptuously, springing to her feet, and clutching at his arm. "The billy's not half boiling yet, and you've got enough tea there for a shearer's but." "I'm sorry, Miss Pollie," said Ashton meekly, and with careful seriousness. "1 am not really educated up to billy tea, and if you wouldn't mind " "Look here! That's plenty for us, and the rest will boil in no time." She emptied half the water on to the sand,—"and where's the tea-bag? It would be ex pensive to keep you in rations." "Well, what I have brought has to keep us both," answered Ashton, "so pity my ; ignorance, and act as housekeeper." ' ' ; An unwilling smile parted Pollie's lips i and disclosed a row of beautiful little teeth. . "I'm awfully angry with you, you know, and I really think that you have behaved disgracefully. Still, it's no use; my eyes just gleam when they rest on those sandwiches, so we will have a truce for lunch, and then I'll tell you what I think of your conduct. Mind! Although I'm too hungry to attend to it just now I am angry, and I mean it." She shook the brown curls out of her eyes, already beginning to dash with the light of prospective battle, and Ashton, meeting the glance of challenge she fixed on him, admired the fine curve of her eye brows, and the beautiful skin, i 'iing with health and the firelight. He : 'guj what a pity it was that the sea air 'iilu he allowed to burn it, and said, " -juite believe you, Miss Pollie. I know yoi. apa city for working yourself up from clow zero to boiling-point in twenty md®* Will you begin on eggs or sandwich '"Sandwich, pleasefy With her mutn full she signalled him to take tli- !l|jly off once more, and lunch was fairly ■■ mid way. He refused to answer questr.:.:- as to jiast events of the day. They he!":'gem he said, to the matter in dispute, ami u'd all lie dealt with together at the ci';: °* the armistice. He preferred to tii -■ ass arrangements for their sojourn cm '"J island. The cave behind them ' u'" make an excellent apartment foi ber> and he could make her a sj>!< adw bed from a kind of salt-bush, as sjiriim.y 88 a wire mattress, that grew in clumps upon the hill. From their sheltered nook they wau hed with complacency the waves break mi tj>e shore ana the rain storms drive over the mainland. The strangeness of the situa tion did not interfere with their appet'J?' PolJie gave a liberal interpretation to toe truce, conversation never flagged, and — ~r~"7~meiii -' afi a great success; to first Ashton looked at his IP**4 \ a Stor" provisions lying with dim'D,B ..ndr helter, and made some the y calculations, wherein r8p'd.un^of I- "s int0 day® ®ave an 8 d'v!sl°u, srii„;: ...jotient. alarnimgo ? j 0 ^a(j obtained permis 11 TfiSiVi,■-'iw «»d hare sion t0. "Lf ,, . .'ortable by the fire, n,ade.fn iiim > nli a portentously severe turned on -hton remembered the expre^'OJV n,, , »j in its integrity, casus "eij } question when she "MS -of.f. er fiance's abrupt demand* , tlieult problem, and his depart" l( by pretence of ignor atie"ija ^ ,,g suggestion that she anceij .oL- M' ;ie when next they met. nuite in' >»g- she was deter «aS ?t ta);i . natter seriously, and her "un, ,,i„tiioiiv ■ remee to the meanness C?B,« ruth or ■ .^vocation, with an angry °i at to "thing more to do with J 6unless lie : i her all he knew, finally piled Ashi "> speak, and to tell her ","P fn, ;. . iiich must come at some ,i,e "io her I ' -leige. time When he • finished his story there ,-mpH on I; tiie uncomfortable convic ild scarcely have done dawned >bv sili'n accompanied by an ardent tion that^ Sfthath,,ii : ni kept clear of the busi j„ the : instance. The latter he pressed. •'iiiiit's ii nrst word you have said that J agree • ii." answered Pol lie, boiling with indigii'i' i.ui, "in all your horrid meddlesome !< nmly. It was just impu deiiee—pure Solent officious interference lvll)j mv inims." She walked to the mouth of be mre and stood with her j,;u-k to him- looking at the shore, and Iduoii, with laugh of annoyance, pro dded to n .iglit his pipe. She turned ,m him aiijii, ,\\. "And then you further insult me n> a silly self- satished chuckle over your performance!" ■ Pardon inc. ' he said; "it is not my per formanees. Inn yours, that are ainusmg-nte just now." / + J;' -Oli, ol course you can be ruder^as JwelK' as mean! There is no man her£ jo' pre; rent you." _ iti Asliton laughed again. ';wn\ - "Vou mafic a great mistake in Vsbhiking " for a niomcnt that 1 would listen 'feo'C^ucb an infamous story." '*■ "But it appears to me that you have listened," lie replied, calmly. "That is an easy quibble. Of course 1 had to listen, but I don't believe a word of it "No?" Ashton's calmness, which increased with his anger, roused Pollie to fury. "No!" she cried, with a stamp of her foot. "It was just a mean, cowardly trick, for which (shall ask Mr. Lyne to thrash you when we m ashore—a contemptible, malicious lalsel, . A-: i, listened, with half admiring aw;)/, (nt, at< the loyalty prompting this unien -i;ing tirade, and some pity, mingled with . ■ I-]-, lor the girl who had so wasted it. • hat object do you suppose 1 had in ili ible, Miss Meredith?" he asked. ."It not my businea^to guess your mo lives, .-plied Pollie, haughtily. "Jealousy very nimbly." "in nerai or in particularV" 1 oi shrugged her shoulders, and Irowi without answering, while she thouf. •; of more unjust opprobrium to heap .... him. In the latter case," he went on, "you do in,- m injustice—or perhaps it would he in,.lt. polite to say you flatter me, for J also m engaged." h was, not true, but he ventured the statcn-.oiit at random to see how she would take n and hoping that it might ease their luture :elations. She looked at him sharply. feurpi is,.—a shade of pique—were what she ,-v..'"'d "1 am very, very sorry for the B"h was what she said. 1 shall make a point of telling her so," e mn-wered, gravely. Ihe rain had ceased for a time, suid bars ? ® watery light streaked the sky. Asb ion threw more wood on the tire, and took m- "\kun. "Life is a melancholy thing, ss Meredith," he said, smiling, ."and it , nni piiBe you that such a contemptible ever ia? my«lf should cling to it. How th ' ' an<^ 1 am going to shoot some "ig to keep us from starvation." .,. " ^'intelligible mutter came from the otW mde of the fire. she?*0' * w'" not, as you kindly suggest, 1 m, at any rate, not just yet; as in , have the happiness of being useful dith°U'u do you know, MiBS Mere Da„'• ®* added, with more seriousness, at the entrance to the cave, "when come to think it over, I fancy ye® will believe even less of what you have said than of what 1 have." He shot some sand-piper on the beach, and then set to work to gather bushes tor Miss Pollie's bed—pity for the rude shock to her pride and happiness gradually taking the place of more paltry annoyance at the feminine injustice of her attack upon him. It was a pity that so much militant loyalty should be wasted on a man who had de eeived her, but Ashton had a shrewd sus picion that her feeling lor Lyne could not be very deep, else she could scarcely have refrained from even mentioning his name in all their talks at Wattle-park, and her present attitude seemed rather that of mortified pride and self-respect ..mil ci broken-hearted grief—at any rate, he hoped so. In spite of her fierce denunciation of himself, he could not doubt that she really believed his story, and he consoled himself for present unpleasantness by the reflection that the rough awakening to sordid (acts had come under the least harmful circum stances for Pollie, and for her lover, to whom, for old, friendship's sake, Ashton wished much less ill than he deserved. On his return to the cave, with his arms full of bedding to dry by the fire, he found Pollie asleep, with her mother's cloak wrapped round her and her head pillowed on the luncheon basket. He stood for a moment watching the weary face, with tear-drops still sparkling be neath the lathes; then softly putting another rug over her he took his fishing rod and went out on to the beach. When Pollie woke again daylight had gone. The wind, the sea, and the rain once more descending in torrents, played wild dance music for the waves that showed their crests in the dim moonlight leaping on the rocks. The picture outside was weird and comfortless, in strong con trast to that within, where the damp wood crackled merrily, and a splendid fire shed diffused light through ascending clovds of soft white smoke, ahone red upon the tablecloth and crockery, and threw up the shadows of astonished bats and swallows buttering about the furthest recesses of the cave. Gradually realising where she was, l'ollie sat up and looked around her, noticing that the billy, with the lid jurap ,ng, stood by the lire, that bread was cut and laid upon the cloth, and that Ashton, unconscious of her observation, with three line trumpeter before him, stood with a puzzled frown debating in what method to commit the bodies of his fish to the lire. "1 hope you are better for your sleep, Miss Meredith," he said, as the cloak rustled, and looking up he caught her eye; "also that you will try to forget my crimes and let me assure you of my sympathy." IShe stood up and regarded liim with a hostile expression that gradually relaxed before the unmistakable appeal for friend liness. "And," lie continued, "don't think that it's only because I'm deadly hungry again and haven't the ghost of a notion how to cook lish that 1 humbly sue for peace." Without committing herself to any opinion 011 past events, she roasted the lish, and ate some; but supper was a sad festival in comparison with lunch, and the conversation almost monosyllabic. When the things were cleared away, and .Ashton had replenished the fire with water-logged fittings from some long-lost ship, Pollie faced her companion, and after one or two brave but unsuccessful attempts to gulp down her pride once more ap proached the subject of the quarrel. "Air. Ashton," she said, "1 think 1 was rather nasty in some things 1 said this after noon, and I didn't mean them all. All the same, I think you made a mistake, you know, and—and please don't talk about it any more." "Thank you—1 won't," answered Ash ton. He was surprised and pleased at her holding out the olive-branch so far, and felt that to ask for anything more would only tempt her to withdraw it. lhen they spoke of the storm, of the prospects of their release, and other in different things; but avoidance of the sub ject uppermost in both their minds made talking difficult, and l'ollie hailed with re bel Ashton's otier to read to her from "The fceven iSeas," the book which had happened to form part of his picnic equip ment. Looking up sometimes, he thought ihcie were tears near her eyes when the firelight flickered in iier lace, and lound himself in senti mental sympathy with his guess at her wish tliat lie were Lyne and the after noon's events wiped out; and she looked so pretty and good to be comforted that her inquiring glance reminded him that he had unconsciously paused to wish himself in Lyne's place for his own sake as well as hers. It was yet early, when, waiting for a lull in the rain, Ashton bade l'ollie good night and sallied forth to seek another re- • cess 111 the rocks, where he said he had a fire laid to warm him, and a comfortable bed prepared. At eight o'clock next morn ing, when he awoke he found the sea still rolling high, but the rain over, a gentle breeze from the landward in place of the previous night's gale, and the sun shining clear, with white cloud masses emphasising the hlueness of the sky. The change was welcome and unexpected; their exile was. after all, not to last long, and, looking at the waves Ashton told himself that he pjcoidd face them with a boat of most mode rate seagoing qualities, if only it were at his disposal. However, not having it. he resigned himself to wait, and resolved on a dip before getting breakfast ready and waking Pollie. Rounding a point in the rocks half an hour later he was surprised to see smoke issuing from the mouth of Pollie's cave, and almost as much ashamed as relieved when he entered, to find that she had the billy boiling and breakfast ready. If the sand snipe were tough he did not notice it; and Pollie laughed, for the first time -ince the tragedy, at his graphic descrip tion of the hopelessness with which he had looked forward to the various processes of making them edible. .After breakfast they explored the island; a pair of rabbits fell to Ashton's gun; and Pollie, whom he was willing to leave as much as possible to herself, did great execution with his rod anioqg'ttte^trnm peter and the parrot-fish in/the Sheltered' pools. f ■> /" As Ashton crossed the higlf grp'undAo call I v 4 ,'>f • \K\ ^ her home to the cave for dinner, a cooey arrested his attention. There were figures on the mainland shore, among them Airs. Meredith, and a boat with two men at the oars was pulling, oil' from near the river mouth. The sfea had gone down con siderably sjiioe the morning, but it was stiil too rough < fo make the passage, and the boat weni; ba^k again, so adding a few houre to the itpprisotfwient of A«hton and Pollie on theihland.".' it,was with mixed feelings that he . accepted ;the Sentence, which, after another picnic meal, they served beside a fire oii-the sand,%\ytb "The Seven Seas" to 'fall back on "when conver sation languished, d-.'hfijwrfs delighted at times to find hti quite forgetful of his offence and her own Borrow, laughing and rallying him as she had done in the days of three weeks back, that seemed so far away. His feelings were no longer mixed, but of whole-hearted regret, when late in the afternoon the boat—a spare one looked out from the lumber-room of the hotel came bouncing and tumbling over the waves on a second successful attempt, and the castaways put themselves and belong ings under the care of the grinning boat men for carriage to the shore. Mrs. Mere dith and her son were waiting there with the buggy, and Ashton was amused at the maternal curiosity that almost blazed from Mra. Meredith's eyes, and barelvYi ' lowed her to way a civil word of thank* to him before dragging Polhe ^ ^ VU nun uauis x unit u t0 cross-examined on the myster-us LVll0 episode. Ashton fonnd opportunity on •. n;R farewells for a few words p^n8 "One thing I said to you, Miss >-llie," he whispered, is weighing on my . < ■ ience "Only one"? she queried, win ..ed eye. brows. "Yes, for all the others were .... xhis one was—well, it was not tn ■ ■ ] have not the honour of being engag. "Oh, indeed!" Her tone w ^ hm there was a twinkle in her e; "Xhen I have been wasting my pity imagi nary she"? . "Yes, recall it, and keep . 11 it ja wanted. The fact is not ii unt, of course; but still, don t forget vill you' sta Good-bve! I shall ask for an . 'aticm to H Wattle-park when I return ft Queens land." 'fhe remainder of the year A :on spent je in touring Australia and New , ,und, the ii memory of Pollie and her troubles becom ing more vivid rather than dim as the :i onths went on, but he had heard no news of her or the family till, at the beginning of December, on his return to Melbourne, he found a letter from Mrs. Meredith wait ing for him at the club. It invited him, if he had nothing better to do, to spend Christmas week at Wattle-park, where lie would find a pleasant house party. "Do you know the Merediths?" lie ashed of an acquaintance in the smokingromu, as lie twisted the note in his fingers and men tally weighed its contents against other invitations. "Yes, 1 have met them. Are ton going down there?" "I think 01 doing so." "A jolly place to stay, 1 believe. Tin old mail's a terrible bore, but tliey hove |"l'a" sant people there, and the youngest ^'ss Meredith is distinctly pretty, fiyd ho by, she was engaged, and made a messi.of it, 1 fancy, some months ago." Asliton was interested. "So I 'iiive heard," he said carelessly. "Do you know anything of the circumstances?" "Everyone was talking about it,"laughed the other, "but I've forgotten the_ details, which, I believe, were romantic in their way. However, she broke off the engage* ment, 6ent her own Johnny ashore from .„MK. (tod iMi>aken island off the coast wlit-re t lit\ had somehow managed to strand themselves, and got weatherbound :|Krc iff a week or something like that with another fellow. It 6eems a queer pro m-tling. hut events justified her. Her timet' a man named Lyne, who used to !„■ at the ehib sometimes—it turned out w,e married to someone else, and his name wasn't Lyne at all. At least, that's how the story goes." "i hank \a>11: I lieard something of the kind," saitl Ashton smiling. "Do you know what became of Lyne?" "Resigned his membership of the club be fore the thing got about, and disappeared •he Lord knows where." Relieved to find that Pollie's adventure was not made more unpleasant for her by the intrusion of his name into it—a relief selfish in so far that he felt it would have induced a guarded attitude on her part to wards him— Ashton went down to Wattle park a few days before Christmas. The weather was warm, 1 tut late rams had given the country a long hold of its spring verdure, and Ashton thought that he had never spent a jollier holiday. He blessed even the hottest days, since the idling, lazy ways they engendered, gave him opportunities for long tete-a-tetes with Pollie, lounging with a book beneath the elm trees in the garden, with a casual few feet separating their chairs from the others, in evening talks on the verandah, or on the moonlight rides for which they sometimes reserved their energies. She had been friendly from the time of his arrival, and in her case as well as his their intimacy seemed to have advanced a Btage or two during the months of his absence. She avoided the subject of the broken engagement and their quarrel thereon, and Ashton naturally did not care to recall it to her, though he often won dered whether the wound left was very deep. It had sobered her, he felt sure, for though she was still cheerful and bright there was more restraint on the exuberance of her spirits than six months added to the age of a girl of twenty would reasonably account for. Personally he thought it an improvement, while regret ting its cause, and each day that passed the more serious side of her nature ap pealed to him with increasing strength as he saw it clear of the cloud of chaff and badinage which had formed the normal atmosphere of their relations on his former visit to Wattle-park. For Christmas Day there was proposed a picnic to Purdie'B River, with an early start. Pollie's eye met Ashton's, when the idea was mooted, and she looked away again with a faint blush, but did not, as he feared she might, raise an objection to the expedition. He was disappointed that Fate put them into different vehicles for the twelve- mile drive, and it was not until after lunch on the island, which they had reached in the hotel boats on a glassy blue sea, that a chance arose to speak to her alone. Then she accepted his invitation to try the fish ing off the rocks, and in a new and em barrassed silence they automatically took their way towards the pool where Pollie had made her catch on the morning of their former visit to the island. It lay beneath a brown, scarred, sandstone rock, crabs and small fish playing among the anemones and tangle of sea-weed beneath its clear green depths, stirred now and then into effervescence when a wave from the ocean cleared the barrier reef and swept over the protecting ledge to eddy back again. Ashton pensively slipped his rod from its ease and began putting the joints to gether, while Pollie, with her feet swing ing over the edge of the rock a few feet away, looked down at the pool and flung pebbles into the water. Glancing towards ner, he paused in his task to admire the pretty picture presented by her neat figure in the coloured print, and her bright young face shown up against the brown time-worn sandstone. She looked up and their eyes met for a second, when hers dropped again. "Pollie!" he said tentatively, putting down his rod. "Who?" "Pollie!" he repeated, with more deei sion. "Oh!" There was a mingling of frown and smile on her face, which she kept hidden from him. "You will allow me to call vou Pollie?" "Oh, I suppose so! You are much older than me." "That is not what 1 meant." he laughed. "Stop throwing stones into the water, or you'll frighten every fish in the sea." "They will recover their fright when your rod is ready, if it is going to be to-day." Another big stone rolled over the edge, fell with a splaahrnnd. she looked up at him laughing./ - He had leant h» rod against a rock, and took a step nearer to her, but she sprang to her feet and stood a little further off. "Don't run away," he said, "I want to talk to you." "Well, talk!" she answered mischie vously, "if it won't frighten the fish." "Bother the fish!" He went again in pursuit of her, and she could retreat no further without'tumbling over the cliff. "I want to say something very particu lar. I " "Don't say it now," she interrupted, stretching her hand out to him in almost an imploring fashion. Her downcast face grew red, and she went on—"I suppose it's very incorrect and wrong of me to guess what you are going to say, but—but I am afraid I do—and please not now! I—oh! I've gone through a good deal in the last six months, ana this place re minds me of it all too much." "Of course I won't say anything!" He stood beside her. "How could you think I would say anything to worry or annoy you? My darling!" She drew her hand away, not in time to prevent him kissing the fingers, and smiled. "I'm afraid you are almost say ing something, aren't you?" she said, with a little laugh; "but please, please, no more! I will stay with you here a little while if you will really only talk nonsense, and pretend to fish." "It's a bargain," he said, gaily, "pro vided that 'Pollie' counts as nonsense." "For this occasion only," she answered; and they remained on the rocks laughing and chatting somewhat nervously, but happily, until it was time to return. i hey scarcely saw each other again till the evening. Fate, in the person of Pollie, again ensuring that they travelled in dif ferent buggies, but she did not refuse him the first waltz for which he asked when an impromptu Christmas dance was started. They walked out into the hlossom xentcd garden, and the faint return of his hand-clasp, unnecessarily strong to guide her in the dance, had emboldened him. "May I tell you now?" he asked, as they reached the rustic seat by the tennis court. "If you like," she whispered almost in audibly; and he proceeded to do so. 