DIVERS AND SHARKS. SOME THRILLING EXPERIENCES. Divers who have been down In foreign seas tell of exciting encounters with sharks.. But it appears that "the demon of the sea," with all its voracity. Is aL little timid in presence of the strange creature that wears a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing air-bubbles. A diver who spent some years at the Aus tralian pearl fisheries describes in thih way his first encounter with a shark: "I felt instinctively," he says, "a strange presence before I saw anything. The small fish usually found in great numbers among the corals had en tirely disappeared, and the absence of these flitting little companions,whenone has become accustomed to them, pro duces the effect of intense stillness. "A creepy, indefinable sensation of dread took. hold of me, and it became one of downright terror w-hen I turned and saw, within ten feet.of me, the bulk of an immense shark. The creature lay almost motionless, half-hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines. My first thought was to be pulled up: but as fish have human nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is being taken away from them, I rejected the idea. A sweep of its tail, and the gre~. fish and I were face to face. "Holding my breath. I stood perfectly still, my heart beating wildly and my eyes rivetted on the wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster was inspecting me with some curiosity, and after a fesr moments I became aware that by an almost imperceptible motion of its flexible tail it was gradually approach ing me. Nearer and nearer came the leviathan, the shovel-shaped nose point ing directly to my face-glass. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and with a yell I threw up my arms. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished." Another shark story, this time from the West Indies. "A large steamer." the diver relates, "had struck on a reef and then slipped off into deep water, taking with her the malls and a valuable cargo There were some papers that were par ticularly wanted, and I was in the chart room under the bridge working for them when suddenly, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big brute betweere me and the door. I went creepy all over, I can tell you. But I kept still and so did he. except that he worked a fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a tide. I tgot the knife in my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move to'wards the door, and had al most reached it when the shark made a sudden rush in the same direction-and disappeared. Which of us got the Digger fright I don't know.' But encounters with sharks don't al ways end so. Some years ago an English diver, who was at work on a. sunken wreck off the island of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark every day for a week. At first he had no trouble in scaring it away: it was enough if he gave a turn to the escape valve in his helmet and let out a little air. But at the end of the week it had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and a loopqd rope, and then boldly held out his bare hand as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush and was turning on its back when it was stabbed by the diver, who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his bread in the sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two ghosts. "full fathom ilve" under the surface. He had gone down to the wreck of a large steamer, and was cross ing the main salcon when two grey' shapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal, and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of day, it seemed rather a lame story; and another diver went down to see what he could make of it. Towards him also came the shambling grey shapes. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then: going boldly forward, struck his hatchet through-a mirror! The. ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much enlarged, of course, as every thing is that a diver sees through the great frontal eye of his helmet. In a country village in Porthshire on old woman was in the habit of keeping a. number of hers. One day she went to town to sell eggs, and on reaching a. grocer's shop went into it and said calmly-"Wanting any eggs, sir?" "Yes. old wife, I would like a dozen or two, but we had a meeting not to give any more than 7d per dozen." "A' richt, then, here ye' are," she said. About a weekl afterwards the same old woman called on the grocer.. with more eggs. The grocer- on"i eeing the .eggs- replied- "These eggs are ,very small, this time. missus." '"I b;eleve thdt," she said. "but my hennie' had a meetlng not to. lay tig eggs unless they got a big price fcr thenm," 