SISTERS OF MERCY. RECEPTION OF NUNS. AN IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY. The order of the Sisters of Mercy occu-<*> pies a foremost position amongst the great army of communities who are working the sacred cause of charity, education. re- ligion, and philanthropy on behalf of ihc Catholic Church. It* member? have made themselves famous on the batt.clield in administering tiie comforts of religion to the dying, and attending to the temporal wants of the wounded. Into the hat -I'ital, tlic sick room of the poor and lowly and the habitations of the desti tute and the unfortunate the wstcrs of Mercy bring sweetness and suns'iiine, and history is eloquent with their efforts in the alienation of distress and the amelio ration of the condition of the needy. There is scarcely a place of any note in ilie civilised world where their members are not to be found, and not the least im portant of the numerous branches in the antipodes is established in South Austra lia, where their schools are flourishing, and where their loving care for tue less fortunate ones of the Catholic flock needs no eulogy here. To those women who prefer the solitude and seclusion M the cloister to the pleasures and fascinations of the world the order-of Uie Sisters of Xlcn.-y offers attractions to join it? ranks, for in its operations there is ample scope for the utilisation and application of womanly sympatnv and forbear ance towards their fellow crea tures who need consolation and help, though the world may think it strange that women shouid thus cut themselves oil from society, and rob themselves o£ the. cuances _oi enjoying its "pomps and vanities,'' it is nevertheless true that thousands of women every year throw in their lot with the myriad" of communities of the church, and devote themselves with enthusiasm to the work for which they arc peculiarly fitted. There is no lack of can didates for any of the female religious orders in South Austra.ia, and on Wednes day morning there was an accession to the ranks of the Sisters of Mercy, three young ladies having been received as members ot the order. 'Hie ceremony took place in the hanasome little oratory of the convent in Angus-street, and throughout it was Itcau irful and impressive, the chanting by the invisible choir of the soul-stirring chants and hymns appropriate to the occasion, and the singing oi the sweet strains of the ■"Aye Maria" serving to accentuate the deep solemnity of tEe ceremonial. The Very Rev. Or. Byrne, V.tJ., was the officiating vriest, and he wac assisted by the Uev. Father Gosgravc, master of cere monies. The o_ncr clergy in the sanctuary were the Very Rev. fauter Milz (superior of the Jesuit order in South Australia), Rev. Fathers Hcadley, 0.P., Larkin, 0.P., Albert, C.P., Landy, Enright, Hourigan, and Davis. The postulants who were to receive the habit communicated in the morning, and at Hie ceremony appeared in fall ■bridal dress. At ths appointed hour all the religious assembled habited in their church cloaks with lighted tapers. Those on the right held a candle in ths right hand, and those on the other in the left. The procession was formed in the following order:— Crossbearer, postulants, novices, professed religious, mother assistant, postulants and mother superior. When the procession was forming ebe postulants knelt to ask the mother superior's blessing, and the names tiiey were to receive in religion. They then proceeded to the sanctuary ac companied by the mother superior and genuflected before tie Blessed Sacrament. 'the mother superior and assistant retired to their places, tearing the postulants on their knees. As the procession entered the choir the hymn "O gloriosa Virginum" was sung, at the conclusion of which the archbishop sang the vcrsicle "Ora pro ea"' and the prayer "Deus <jui sub tuteJa." The was candles were biessed, and after ..uring been laid on the altar they were sprinkled with holy water and in cense. -The postulants were • then conducted by the mother assistant ami the mother superior to the altar, where, kneeling, they rece'ved the candles, lighted, from the archbishop, first kissing his hand and then the candles After the prayer "Accine, Una charissiroo" they returned to their places, and Father Headier preached a brief and elo quent discourse. He dwelt on the holy state into which the novices were enter ing, and said that from then until the timj came for them to pronounce their vows and make a conse cration of love in its highest form, they would go through a time ni trial. They would continuously hear the name of God, of whose presence they would at all time! of th? day be made conscious, and they would be faithful to the trust which the Almighty had put to them. ■ During Hie sermon the postulants were seated in the middle of the choir, and at the end of the discourse they were con ducted by the mother assistant and the motiier superior to the altar, Where, kneeling. t>.ey were e«ch interrogated by ISIO oflic.atin? priret as follows:—Cricb brant—"My child what do you demand?" Postulant—"The mercy of' God and the holy habit of religion." CeOebrant—"'ls it with your own free will vbu demand the holy habit of relisson* Postulant— '•Yes, your reverence." Celebrant—"Reve rend mother (have you made the necessary enquiries, and are you satisfied?" Mother Su?>erior—"Ye^ your reverence." Cele brant—"My child have you a firm inten tion to persevere in religion to the end ot your life, and do you 4iope to have suffi cient strength to carry constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jpshb Christ solely for the love and fear of God?" Postulant —"Relying on.the mercy of tiod I hope to l?e aMe to do so."- The postulants then genuflected nnd retired, conducted by the mother assistant and mother superior | to put off the secular dress. Meanwhile psaims or mntetts wore sung, nnd con tinued until the sisters returned. The I h.ibits were then blessed, durinp which ' ceremony a number of psalm* and j prayers were recited. The officia ting priest sprinkled th; habits with holy water, and having -n- \ censed them they were given to one of die religious to take to the pr>nul.iirte. The veils were then blessed, the vioar jrcneral sprinkling them with holy water ' and incensing them Trailed until the no vices returned, and as they rAsntered the choir, accompanied by the mother assis tant and mother superior, the nntiphon, "Qui ost ista," war sung. The novices on their return knelt down, and the vicar-, general turned towards them mid mnde the sign of the crews over rhexn. The novices rticn jrave thrir candles* to t'iic mother a*sirliuit, and were conducted *jv her and the mother superior to the altar, where, kneeling, they received (.he cinc tures from the officiating priest, kissed fiivt the hands of the archbi^'iop, tiien the cinctures, and at the. enii of the blessing rose, presented fiiein bovrine to Liie mother superior, who girded the novices with them. The novices apain knelt whilst the Mossed veils were placed on their iiesds. tSie vicar - general reciting the "Aceip; velum," of which this is a translation:—"Receive the white veil, tlie emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without snot, and mayest walk with him in white, in the > ; n.imc of the Father, and of the Son, and 1 1 of the Holy Ghost, Amen." The novices ' remain cm1, kneeling while the mother supe • riiir fa.i.-fned the veils, and then received , : the vhonrh cloaks, which they presented to ■ I the mother superior in the same manner las the cinctures. T7ie novices thus | cloftied, genuflected, and receiving their 11 candle* from the mother assistant, retired i j and knelt down. Then the officiating : priest sprinkled them with holy water, and I after prayers had been said the novices jiinf' chnir alternately chanted the"'Eructa j vit." At the close the novice* knelt down, | gave their candies to the mother assistant. ! and at the end of the verss prostrated 1 , themselves on the pound. The clorgy anci religious t!hen sans the "Veni Crca -1 tor,"' anil after prayers had been recited. 1 : the novi<-os were a"nin sprinkled with holy 1 ; water. Tl\e mother assistant directed them ! to rise from their prostrate position, made 1 ; with them a genuflection to the Holy Sacia ; meat, and conducted them to the mother .! superior, :■> whom t!icy knelt. The mother superior raised and embraced them. The i received then embraced the other reli -1 j pious, bowing to each as they did so, re ' 'eeived thpir candle* irom die mother a-sis- I j tant. and took their place according to I 1 rank amongst the religious. During this time the candles were lit, and the choir 1 chanted the psalm "Kcce guam bouuru." This closed the ceremony. I Afterwards a reception was heW, hearty congratulations being offered lo tlie no -1 yirvs. and fhc bridal cake wa.s broken. 1 Tne names of the received and their titles ■in religion arc—Miss Magpie Lennox (Sister Mary IJerchmansO, Miss Mary Ry ■ dcr (Sister"Mary Ignatius), Mi*? "Lizzie 1 S'heriock (Sister Brigid Marx). Misses i Leni?.ix arid Ryder are South Australian ' vouhj: Indies, and were educated at the ■ svhiTii at wlii<:b rhey will now teach, whilst Miss Sherlock hail* from Ireland. 