R[GH~TEg AT ~LAST. aiI is sigain night--tlil, and profoundly .i?iiet within the mansion at The " lui'ory ;while without tL! wilids raged ieioroely', and toro ht tho, wollgj;uardod oiseenae nts of thoe princely dellihog. 2·,: Bht no storm outsids the house i?·otaldt be so wild and "ornel las thiat which boat in theb wounded heart of K: the unrceoognisod Visaountloss Olove. liahd; The vants of the past day and '::'night had served to inorease in in. -:tensity her feeling of bitter wrong; a:nd all that hung on this nighlt's dis eoovOry, on success or on-OsuCCOCeOs, : appalled her. ::. She waited till one o'clock had Sboomed out over the midnight otill noess and fully died away, when rho Srose, and went with hushled broeath anud Slioiseless stops towards the wall fncing Sthe foot of the bod. She tools lhe precious kly from her purse, and withll a wild and silent prayer for help aho approached the medicino oabinet and noisolossly inserteod it, when so fierce a gust of wind hurled itcelf againuot the windows of the room that the old nobleman stirred aud muttered rome. thing, lhalf.waking. Swiftly rho retreated to the firesido : aud not too roon, for Lord Cleveland, now aroused entirely from his slum ber, aonlled out to her: "Give me some tisanom, I say I Whero are you ?" " Here I my lord," she answered as steadily as rho could. " How strange your voice sounds. Have you beons aIlooep ? You are not hero to go to sleeoop, but to wantoh me. I pay you for it, and I eoxpect it done." " Curtainly, my lord," oho replied, offeriung the tinloe. " Then oo you lhoep awalke for thei rest of tho niighlt. ' Ti one thing to ketoep quiet in a rick-room, but quite another to go to slop 1" "I asneuro your lordhip that I will not slooeep. I will walk aboat rather than close my eyes for an istanut." " See that you (don't dislturb me. I'ow, mind your buriness and lot me sleep." Sloop I Oh, that he would fIll asloop again, if only for a few brief minutes I ]ut the wind roared ii asuch wild gusts; ihow could anyone sloop till the noise of the slorm abated ? Little dreamed thie old muan that it was imnpoesiblo for his nurse to close her eyeso that night; nor did lhe guess the torture at her Isert, nor howsho prayod thiat he might slumber. At length, nas it drow towards throee o'olook in the morning, the wild roar ing of the wind died downs, nud weari noss overpowered the old man. Now was the moment of moments for lher. With boeating heart, etrained nervos, and trembling lingers she glided to wards the oabinet, and oautiously, but firmly, turned the tiny gold key. The panel opoened withll the utmost oeno. WVhat met her !strained goec nowu thsat it was opened ? Iunimorablo bottloe of diffrout sumall cizos, pill.boxts, et. Ah I but bahind thiose bottles wasnu that inneuor rooose, that othelor look wlsich the key ohe had wouli osen--if, indeood, this was the oabionet aho sought. Douperation Iopt Iher cahu in this hour of supreme peril. Through all the intorvoning yeoars oho remem bered that thie hidden reoooess would be on the loft side, nt willth celerity eshe removed eight or ten bottles from that side, depositing theom noisoeleosly oni the shabwl wsliolh she had wrapped round her. Then slse could disoern oloearly the tiny lock ese so woll ro. membered, and rho removed the key from tho small ounter door cud iusortcd it inside tihe cabinet. It turned us easily ans in the first look; whoun at last, after more thou niutoeen years of waiting, sho saw before iher a small r bnndlo of papers, lied with faded red Sribbou. Theose and a letter were all that the inuor rseces contined. Quickly elshe olutched them with lher iocy.cold fiugers, strained her eyes to makelo uro that theoso woro indeed all that the cabinet conltaincd, thrust tihe papers which had coat her so muoch into the pocket of lher dress; replaood the bottles sho had removed, when a clocl.etruckl the hour in doeep rover borations, and the eloopor stirred. She did not hoesitate one umoment, for to hcositate was to be lost. She closed the cabiuot, and drew out the tiny key; and just in time--only ono scond to eparo. "Give moe some tisuno I" sounded grnfily from tihe bed before she could lhide the things just takenou. She obeyed without spetlaking. It holding thie onp to Isis lordlsip hier Shand involuntary touched Isis, and its ohillness startled him. " Havou't you kept the fire up 2 why do you oemo to me with hands like ico ? You malo me shlivor I" said he angrily. " Go and rub your linogers togethor, and don't come to mo like n ghost 1" • Still wilthout a word she followed his directions, and, bendiing before tihe fire, appeared to be oecnpied in chafing her cold hands-- she who had those papers in her pooket. Oh I if hIo could have divined her night's work, or who it was tlst moved about hie room, and answered him so eubmissivoly. He lay still, coughing and grunting a little from time to time after she had :l'given him the tisauno; while she eat : still, raoeled by one question, " aro .they the papers, after all ?" Oh I for one olon?, undisturbed five minutes in whbloh to eelk the information oho panted to be onuro of. : What houres were those, the ro mnaiuder of that oventfuol snithltI Was asho in possession of the proofs of her son's infscritanoe, nud of her own right to be Viecontoess OClevelaud, instead : of living on osn Mre. Eanst, lother of one of thie garldeiois on thie loveland Estato ? Shi had It to lput herhsnd Sout and read; but that slhe dared not do. In this agony of doubt, this tortulnro of a!uspense, more fesrful hours went by. And thon, when the morning had fuilly dlawned and distant noiseos oould be huilrd announcing to tohe watehler that the houosehold was awneo andl etirring--then, and not till then, the ngoniced woman wont softly across the room--the old viscount appeaored to be in alight lumber-anuid going betweoon the iholtcring ourtains and hso window dre?we lin paoelkott from iher droes. By inuti?olt oho selected a thilck yellowish paper from among the othors and partially opened it. Bet that sas enough to thli:l hter itlh thto wildest joy, for she plainly deciphered that the faded paper cortified theo marringe of John Lhister Olov?lend, bachelor, and of Mary Honoia Fortd ham, spinster. "What are you slullsing bchind the ourtains for? " cried s )earell voies from the bed. "I wa?t thel dlylight as well as you. D)raw them back nt d lot mse eOo the isnlight, if thlere is any." Bho thrusat tlho patore onin ut:peak ably preoioun to lher out of eight, and with unsteoady hand let in the dlnylight -the light ot a wild and gusl.y Noverm bor morning. Ilut whalt oared osh for wiud and weather now, or for the hard tones of the man los was watohing ? Afteor to many years sho was about to triumphl. IPatience, only a little moreo patienco, and then-i CIIAII'TER VI. We must go bask to the morning preceding this evontful night, when Stomoreot, his young heart disturbed to its depths by his mother's revela tions, his wholo being revolutionisod, cot forth to hiis oonestomend worrk. With throbbing brain hlio turned into the gardono. Were they by right his own ? Was this mIan he worked for his fathior Would ihe be lord some daiy, und rule intoiad of seorving ? Was Loinstor (!lvoland, who never iaddressed hiiim avo with insolence, hirs hllf-brothler ? Pity ruhedo into his young heart ars hie thought of Loinsteor, and Is resolve to softoen the blow for him its mnuh as it could be softloed- pity, but not atffootion, for affection needs food to grow on as well ae other Somereot's young hieart look fire as ihe dreamed of what might bo before him ; hut the (story te had listened to ver-Usight wase so now, to him, so woiderful, that now, in the sober hlght of the wiutor morninlg, it took the semblanuoo of an impossibility. " It enuot, suroly, bo; or, if indoeed true, we nshll never prove it ? No, tnol I must choek these wild hlopes, or they will kill me. But if they could be realiced, if I could prove my right to the Clevoeland sname, thenou I would dare to ask Nadolka Oakleoy if shie could love me, or at least toll heor of my love for her 1" " Mr. (Granger's boon nosling for you over so long," said a workmau, hurry. ing up to him. "I wouldn't stand in your shoos this morning I Ain't you nlato! You'll oatch it, and no rmis take I" Thic addrcsa completed Bomrsolt'o disonhantment. Hle folollowed the man without a word and in si!enoce received (Grangor'u objurgations on his tardi nous, not from want of spirit, but from a fooling of bewildermont. lie got through his morning's work moehanically. Gnrnger ceased his fbult-fluding, imagining that his yonug help mnst be ill. BIt through all Souiersot's thought of his owni future ouo other fooling roseo, till moro :bsorbing-the thought of Nadolka Oaluoy. Sho had intimated hebor wish to see him in the groeohousee, anud nothing could makenlo him forgot that. And sho had telutified a decided interoet in his ftito when sho only thought of him as workmanu on the cesate; but perlhaps, if his laimas were establisheld, if lhe toolk his placeo in her world, thou, after years of devotion, lhe might win someno nffotiou from he --win the right to plaeo himciself, his title, and his fortuneo at hler foot. a heo epplroacned (ho greenhouse heo passed Latiutor, wlho soowled at him with envy at his good lobos. " What has come to thaet Cfollow ?" thought he. It gave Somerset a very queeoor son. nation to touoh his hat to Leinutor. Yesterday he would hlave done it me olianically; to-day he asked himself "is leo my brother 2" Theon he passed on into the grooen house, and ho hoard Nadollka's veoio; she was already there. And not alone I Slo wan standing at the other end of the bhuilding, and by her side wasn a genoutloman bonding over her, hlis fans full of interest and affosotion. His hand clasped hers, nud Nadolka .lot hers remacin in his, nor sought to withdraw it. T'he next iustant he bouet down and impresseod a hiss upon her fair brow, hold her hands in a more toendor olaspi soomed to say a more touender word of farewell, and then tore himself away. Nadolka watched him as he loft her with a lingerisng, nfetionatlo gazo, acd Somersot withdrew as silently and nwiitly as possilo. All the high hlopoes, all thle hright dreams, died out of his young heart. 1ow wild, hlowhopolesau, theoy suddenly became. Nadolka would never give him her love, and for that he had so noooted a chango of fortune. Oould possesnion of the Oleveland name and grandour win that which he most craved? Neover, now I She haid given her love to some other, and to her ho was but as tho poor garden-boy, bettor instruoted thuan most of his olass, and as noch to bo helped forward. Pity alone had causod the interest sho had shown in his fateo. He had no ourago to re-oenter the greenhouse, for, ii trehe, at that momouet he could have lain down to die of desopair. But Miss Oalloy, at that moment perooiving him, called to him to some anud speak to her. "I hlrive not forgotten my wish to coentrive asomn wey of helping you," anid she iu bher suanl swoeet manner. " Halve yout got MIrs. Easnot's pormis sion to let ms tell my scnt 2" "My mother sewas not quite so well as usual last nighlt, Miis Neadolkn, and o I would neot aRy aneythilg to worry her. You will not, I hops, think mse eungrateful for yousr hiud iutsrest. Perhlaps in a day or two you will allow me to toll you if I oau think of Ihelping inysolf in any way ?" "I shall be glad to hear anythina you can toll tmeo," said Nadola,. Thie girl's face wan wistful uand sweet, cs if lut for timidity oso couil lhave said other words of comfort; but Somerset, crulshed by the weight of fooling lthant she loved tho man who lind just loft her prosenoe, by thie s?ed doln Iknowloedlgo that he muest onever dare to toll Iher of his own love, oxps. rioenceod only sharp pain, anud believedc that stho asenooostod hit ot of kind condeioeusiop, interesting hersoel for him only aso a lady will often do for na faithful dependent. She woe going to add 6omething oke, when a iialrch voie brolke tho momentary tience. " lihat ie that fellow loitering here for, Nlolla ? l e110 was lato thir morn iig, it ~eemui, anl Gra?gor is ill, and iwant all hiii help. My father doec not pay peoplo for duhcing their work. Got about your bucinee, you lazy fellow." " I do not rerre you, Mr. Lointor Clovelaniid, and will itaoli no ordero from you I " cried Somerset, firing up. " Thia ic not the filEt time that you hive forgotton the lagngse and man neor o' a gentleman I" "How do you dare to spoak to me " thliundred Leindrler. iSomerncret only turned on him a look of calm indignation. "Ohl I you Im1ll pay for thisil" added Leinioter in a voice quavering with rage. "Mise Nadelka," said HonuoroOt, turniig his banck on the other and ignoring hiis lst words, " have you any commaudo for me ? " " Not now, Somorsot," ehoanswered kindly; "and whlon Mr. Cloveland comen to consider what has passed I hop, ho will confoes that he was far too hasty in blaming you. It wans I who called you hero and detained youen." " You bohall not navo that wrotched gardon-boy from being oent away l I'll teach him to ipeak to tlo heoir of Oloveland Priory in a proper manner I " ebouted Leinster, rushing off in hot anger, A servant wan thou approaching. He came up to N.adelka. "1lin lordulip bogged to epeak to Miess Oaltley at once,. HIe nan dronessed, and wished to aettle something about the journey abroad." Bo Nadelkai, with a klind glanuoc at Somerset, hurried off, for Lord Oloeve land waso always angry at being kept waiting. Sho wont very relucntantly, with tors in iher eyeson for tIhe indignity Somorset had just sufifered and a feel inig of great ineanaiuoen loest he should be dismissed suddenly. Over and above her regrots for him, ewhat would she feeool ulohen day after day passed anud abo did not eoo Somernet ? Why, ll her young lifo slhe had boon accnus tomed to call for him to do ainything she wanted, and had never before wakened to the fact of how hard it would be to ltoo sight of him. All that day slho AecOretly and nor rowfully woudored what Loinator, who was revengeful, would be capable of doing. All that day, too, she sought for an opportunity of nooing Somerset again for nne moment; but in vain. Lord Olovoland kopt iher writing lot. torn for the foreign post till it was dark; nor did she hoar Leinator say anythiug about Somereat when he came into thie morning-room to son his father before diuuar. When boil-timo arrived Nadella's anxioty broke through her reservo. "Harding," said oie to the maid who was brushing her hair " did you hear anything oaid downstairs about about iMrs. Enast'i on being dismissed from iris work in the gardeno ?--bo. onause Mr. Loineter was usoli put out with him this morning; buht it was I who called Bomoreoet into the greeoon house. He was not idling I" " Oh I miss," replied Harding, " all thbe servants know thorn woro some words betweoon them; but Mr, Granger, . and even my lord too, knuowm how angry Mr. Loinaotor aon got for a moro nothing; so perhaps, if you speak up for him, misne, it may blow over. I don't wonder at anyone turning again when ouoe' spoken to as MIr. Leinator can speak." " I'll do all I can to smooth matteIrs over," said Nadella, eagerly. "It would Ie a thousaud pitioen, mias, for him to be turned out of the gardens now, just when MIr. Granger, ain s I know, wants to work him in to take hisn plano as time gooes on; ifld whenOU too, by all I hoar, he has the ohauonc of getting as nice a girl for a wife as any in the parish." Namdolla's heart leaped uip, and died down ; the pain abeo suflred half-lkilled her. Harding continunod, happily u. oonsoiour 1, what her young lady ex perienioed. " eIo's yong, Ituow-jus t twevnty; but I do think, for ayoung man in his position and so superior to most, he can't do better thuan marry early if he has good wages. And I'm sure thetno's more tlhan one in the villigo after him. No wonder, noither, miss, with his good looks and good manners. Bult the girl I moean is Ssioc B3iroh, the blacksmrith'o nieo ; and sho'll comon into a matter of throe hundmod ponnds and more when sho's of age--that I know for a certaiuty. But she won't look at any other young man than young East; and anyone may coo how sho ocror for him, while he's o nice, caring for her, and not for her money." Hero was a reovelation. Hitheorto Nadollthi had not said one word, but now she naked faintly: " And are they engaged 2" "You may take that for sure and certain, miss, though they'vo neither of them told me in plain words; but 'tis no good as a match, I fool oon vinced. You'll exeons me tolling you all about it, miss; but you're so kind I thought it might make you willing to say a extra kind word for the young man." Alis, poor Nadollk. She snffered many and soro things afterwards, but none so intensely sharp, though they were as doop in their bittortuea, us, this. Bo abOe had given her honart--sho, the high-born Nadolka iOakley..-to a poor lad working on the esotate, while his affootion was entirely fixed on Buasio iroh. 'Till this moment ahe lhad not been onlightuenod as to the real nature of her regard for Someorseot, but now ouhld no longer hide it from herself. With muoh difliulty shel macde some sort of reply to Harding, and, dismissing her nos soon ns po,. nible, threow herself with tear nund sobs upon a obhair. And while Nadolka wept away the night, Somorseto's mother nwaso under going lher agoniilng soearch nd vigil -a search which had eondod as she had no tromblingly hlopod. And Bomersoet How had he passed that eventful night ? Alono ill tIho little cottago buried in the wood oistldo his lordly father's park gates, whiil tlhe wind ciglioi and groaned round tho frail tenoiment-ho too, did eombect with tho gaont grief which had come to him. Nadelka wna lost to him, Tbat certainly outweighed the mnrvelloua story whispeored by his mother so ehort r. time before. Even if, by any strange stroke of fortune, his mother could prove herself the rightful Viscountoes Clovelaud, lifo would never stretch before him uu dimmod--a golden vision of hnppinoes, as once soomod possible-for never might ho hope to win Nadelka I The cold bare fnot was this - Leineter Oloveland was about to pro cure his dismissal from the only chance ho hal of immediately earning a live lihood; anrl, Glad ao he would be never sagain to come in contact with LeinEter'd brutality, this dismiocal meatnit a euddon cveraneoo from nil chalnco of any more interviows with Nadolka. 8bo would be patted from him finally and for over, and never to seo her faoo again, nor hear her voiso, was a hard and intenouely bitter thing, for which he was not propared, And hisi mother? Bho hwould intoneoly regret leaving tile plaso in which sho had lingorod for a sot purpose. It was hardly likely that they would over again employ her at Tho Priory, whenoo her son had boon dismissed with disgraeoo, and olho had told him obo lived and laboured to securo a footing there ii order to continue her oaroch, How bohould ho toll her what had ooourred? Bo ho too, his young heart tortured with trouble, waited restloessly for the morning. That morning dawnod at length, partle and chill. Dejestodly he looked out into the wot woodland, and was snuprised to coo hie mother owiftly approa.hing the door; for usually, after her watch during the night, sho broaokfBstod at Tho Priory. Quickly sho came on under the bare boughs, eroot, treading the ground as if hoe in a measure flow over it. Her aspeot wans o ohangod, oo marvellous, that lomoreot wont out to moot her, but oould speak no qunotioning word. In sileuo sheo passed into their little kitchon, then turned and looked at him with eyoe which were glowing with excited fooling. Then, suddenly losing the otrong control oho had oxorcioed over all outward emotion, olapoed her eon's arm,,and, throwing the peapor on the table, sheo oriod hys torianlly " There, my darling boy; thoer are the preoioun proofs at last, at last. I have boon ninoteen years searching for thom, but I have them now. There are the paporo which prove you to be the son and heir of Viscount Oloveland of The Priory. Now it is time that you wont to work in your fathor's gardons " (To be colntinuled.) 