(OLD Aim TH SW BOOK THO. CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) Looking ahead at this moment it seemed as if the river were approaching a solid -wall of rock through which there was no egress. As soon as they wore well around the bend, liowcver, they saw the mouth of the canyon yawning before them. King steered the boat for shore and the party landed. From the appearance of the ground there it ?was clear that Drew's-party had made a land ing in the same place. It was equally evident that they had chosen tho safer, through more laborious course, of dragging their boat over the trail. 'Now, then, Donald,' said King cheerfully, ' there's the canyon and there's tho mountain ; which course shall we take ?' ' IIoo it boils doon there !' remarked tho Scotchman in an undertone as he looked at the seething current beneath the high walls of rock. ' Yes, if we can stand that boiling for four minutes we're just so much further on our journey.' . Fraser turned his eyes towards tho mountain ; there was a tiny white cloud floating over its summit ; lio shivered. ' I'm thinking,' he said, ' of lioo that innocent looking cloud np there might wrap us all in unfathomable snow.' ' Yes,' responded King, ' there's that danger, and in any case there are days of hard ?work getting over the mountain, days that we don't like to lose — ' ' But after all,' interrupted the Scotchman, ' what's the loss of a day compared to the loss of a mon's life ?' Instead of responding King turned to the Indian. 'Kwatl,' he said, ' what do you say ? Had ,ve better shoot the canyon or climb over the divide ?' Kwatl shrugged his shoulders and there was the ghost of a smilo on his face ; he was indifferent. He was not fond of hard labour and he was accustomed to peril. 'Ye'll ha' to ' decide yourself, lad,' said Fraser. ' I'm with you willingly whichever way ye take.' ' Well. I'm a good deal more than half in clined for the canyon,' responded King gravely, ' for the trip has been taken by others successfully and I believe that wo can do it.' 'Drewai-d his men were just as anxious to get ahead as we are,' remarked Fraser doubt fully. King looked thoughtfully at his partner. For himself the young man would have had no hesitation in choosing the quickest though most dangerous route. He did feel a strong hesitation about risking the lives of others. Just then Kwatl uttered a low exclamation of surprise, and the others, following his glance, saw a boat with a single occupant shoot rapidly round the bend. They recognized Simpson. The current was so swift that he was well abreast of them by time they saw who It was. ' Hi !' shouted King impulsivoly, intending simply to warn Simpson of the danger spot ahead; ' Simpson turned and recognised them. ' Say !' he called, half rising in his boat, ' I've been shootin' every rapid and travelin' night an' day tryin' to catch np with ye. I -want to see ye.' It' was evident that he would have said more but that the rocking of his boat warned lrim to give attention to it He sat down again hastily, and tugging at ? his paddle tried to turn his boat to the bank. He succeeded only so far as to swing it around half way ; then the current caught it broad side on and hurled it with ever increasing ? speed toward the canyon. 'Make for the shore!' shouted King at the top of his lungs. Probably Simpson did not hear hijn; in any ? case he was doing his best to get to the shore, for he saw the canyon yawning ahead of him, and he had lived too much in the wilds not to ; know what the danger of its passage must be. The worst of it was that in his efforts to reach .the shore ho had got his boat into the most disadvantageous position for shooting the narrow pass. The watchers on tho bank saw him trying to reach the shore and trying to turn his boat again so that it should head down stream. It was Simpson's one chance for life. If ho should float into that cauldron- broadside, he was morally certain to be wrecked, but with the boat well pointed it was just possible that he might guide it through in safety. Disaster caught him at tho very start. He ? could not turn the boat about, and the current catching it in its mighty hands, hurled it violently against tho wall of rock at the ' very ? entrance to the canyon. Kwatl observed the event stolidly, but both the whites uttered cxolamations of horror. They saw Simpson's boat leap from the side of the wall and go empty into the seething torrent below. Simpson himself ?was clinging-^ with merely his head and shoulders out of the water, to a projecting rock. 'The choice is made!' cried King. 'Wo 'take the canyon course.' With this he leaped into the boat and the others tumbled in after him ; they put off at 'onco. Kwatl had his usual place in tho prow with a paddle to be used in case of necessity. The other two sat amidships with a paddle at ?each side. 'You know what's on my mind, Donald,' exclaimed King. ' Work for it !' ' I will that, lad, though he's not worth saving !' ' He's a human being !' returned King: Guided by strong arms at tho paddles, tho boat kept its course steadily during the approach to the- canyon where the water boiled and writhed in the effort to force itself through the narrow passage. It was fortunate then for Simpson that tho current was so swift, else ho could not havo clung to the rock until the boat came to him. . .'You manage tho boat, Donald,'' cried King as they shot toward Simpson, ' and I'll attend to the man.' Fraser dug his paddle tho harder into tho ?water, held the courso of tho boat just along enough to onablo King to reach out and (joize Simpson by the collar j then.'' lyitli a stroke of his paddle tho boat was turned away from tho wall, and it shot like a ball from a cannon's mouth down tho dark and tumbling passage. King had wrenched Simpson away from his hold, and with one giant yank had pulled him aboard. The man tlion lay gasping at tho bottom of tho boat. Ho was so terrified and overcome with tho thought of his peril to utter a word, and King was too much occupied with tho peril that remained to speak to him, so^ they dashed on, the wind they made bringing tears to their oyes to minglo with tbo spray that flew up from tho constantly chopping and seething waves. Tho walls of the canyon ruslidd and roared by as if they were on a passenger train running through a tunnel. / Its many curves oponed up before them, one after another. With startling rapidity they shot around one and avoided collison with the opposite wall only to strain their paddles to prevent a similar mishap at the next. Four minutes ! It did not seem so long. Generally in times of gr,eat peril the seconds drag ; now tljey were hardly conscious of the passage of time until all at once the river broadened, the' current decreased in force, and they felt, rather than saw, that the shadow of the mountain was falling behind them. ' We are well out of it,' exclaimed King. 'Aye, thank God,' responded Fraser, ' but make for tlioc shore, lad, or my arms will drop off wi' the strain.' They turned the boat toward the shoro at a point where a grove of pines promised to afford them a good camping place. King was astonished to see that a young woman stood there close, to to the margin anxiously looking down tho stream. As he approached he heard a man's voice at a little distance crying : ' Yuka, tho boat has come ashore here and it is empty ! ' Ah !' cried Yuka, with a ring of pain in her voice, ' that poor fellow must have been dashed to death thon in the canyon.' Just tfien hor attention was attracted by the approaching boat and she turned to it with a start of surprise. The next instant the prow of the boat grated on the pebbles of the margin and the girl stepped forward quickly, caught hold of it and dragged it up. ' Thank you, miss,' said King. ' I see that you were anxious ? ' 'Yes,' she responded hurriedly, 'an empty boat has just floated past and the passenger ? ' ' Is here alive and in sound condition I hope,' interrupted King pointing to Simpson. ' 0 ! father will be so relieved !' she exclaimed. ' I'll bring him at once.' She darted into the grove of trees, and as King and hia companions got out of the boat they could hear her clear ringing voice calling to her father. ' King,' said Simpson, speaking for the first time since he had been taken into the boat, ' I've suthin to tell ye.' King expected to hear some form of thanks for the rescue, and ho was more than amazed when Simpson went on : ' They're after ye. I left 'em at Lake Lindeman.' ' They ! Who ? What do you mean . ' You know better than I do who they aro and what they want, but I'm telling ye they're on yor trial ! I've put every ounce of ginger I've got into ketchin' up with' ye so's ter give ye warnin' an' gi even for yer white treatment of me. Ef I kin do ye any good by helpin' ye fight 'em, just call my hand an' the pot's yourn.' CHAPTER YI. SIMPSON'S WARNING. It was a striking picture that the travellers made at that moment. Simpson stood with his arms partly outstretched in a gesture indicative of intense earnestness. His beard and clothes were still dripping from the plunge into tho seething waters of tho canyon. King stood before him with lips slightly parted and brow contracted. His expression was one of surprised interest, but there ' was nothing to indicate that ho took Simpson's strange warning seriously. Kwatl, the Indian, was busy in his stolid way making the boat fast to a tree on tho bank. Fraser stood a little apart from his partner and Simpson, listening intently and looking every moment more solemn. He, at all events, felt the full force of the warning, although he could not guess the reason for it. They stood thus for a few seconds and thon King, with a slight shrug of the shoulders, said : 'Are you referring to the Indians, Simpson?' 'Injuns!' ropcated Simpson, in a loud voice that was full of scorn, ' in course I'm not thinkin' of Injuns ! Tliar's nary a redskin in it es ye'd ought ter know better 'an me.' 'I haven't tho faintest idea what you mean,' returned King, quietly. Theii he spoko to Kwatl. 'As soon as you're got that boat fixed,' he said, 'build a rousing fire, and unpack some blankets. This man will have a deathly sickness if he is not attended to promptly.' Simpson almost danced with excitement at this. He shook his clenched fists in air and cried : ' Yo think I hev lied my head turned by .the danger up in that thar canyon ; I tell ye Jake Simpson hes facod almighty doath tbo derned often ter turn a hair at any secli scrape. ' Blame yer eyes, King, do yo forgot tliefc I hollered ter yo whon I was driftin' by in .my boat on to'tlior side of the canyon ? Didn't I tell yo I'd got sutliin' ter say ter ye ? ' I didn't know anythin' about the danger of the canyon thon. Man alivo ! I've nigh pad dled my arms off tryin' ter catch up with ye so es ter put ye on tor yer peril, an' hore ye go a treatin' mo like a sick baby. ' I kin stand a wettin', King, but es sure as I'm alivo now ye can't stand it ter bo caught up with by those two fellers I saw at Lako Lindeman.' . The perplexity on King's face deepened and he hesitated boforo he responded. ' Describe those mon, Simpson,' exclaimed Fraser, stepping up quickly .? 'I never weren't no good at tollin' es how a follor looked,' returned Simpson, still with an air of great excitement, ' an' all I cun say is tliet ono of these fellers is taller than t'other, an' tliet neither of them is so big but what any two of us could give them a right smart fight unless they got the drop on us when we weren't lookin'.' ' Think, mon,' said Fraser, earnestly,' ' was one nf thesse chaps very dark, and did he havo the look of Satan in his een ?' ' Well, Scotty, ef ye mean - thet he looked es ef ho could chaw King ter pieces without giving him a 'chance ter say his prayers, I should say thet yo hev hit him off ter a tee.' 'It must be the mon,' Fraser declared solemnly. King turned his perplexed eyes upon his partner. ' Mind yo the great scoundrel, Gerald,' said, Fraser, ' that tried to take your life in Seatfclo harbor ?' ' Thet's just what I've been a-thinkin',' interrupted Simpson. ' I hev recollected thet pistol shot more'n a hundred times since ? ' ' It's' a pursuit for vengeance,' continued Fraser, without minding Simpson, ' I tell ye, lad, that dark-faced villain had an evil pur pose too strong to be checked by mountain passes or Arctic wilderness ; he is following ye, lad, with murder in his heart ? ' ' ' Oh, well, well,' exclaimed King at last, ' I don't understand this now any more than I did at the beginning. There is no reason why anybody' should pursue me into these wilds, and I don't believe that anybody is doing so.' 'Ye're blind, King!' cried Simpson. ' I'm not blind nor stupid,' retorted King, ' if I'm in any danger I'm obliged to you for bringing me warning, but I have yot to un derstand what the danger is, and before wo go further tell me just what has led you to suppose that anybody is following me.' ' Why, it were this way. Ye hada'tVmuch more'n got out of sight when a small ' party come over the pass ; it 'pears thet they'd bed right good luck on their journey, an' hed made the distance from Dyea quicker'n most travel ers, though I 'low they didn't como down the mountain with the speed thet you did.' There was a trace or embarrassment in Simpson's tone as he said this, although he looked frankly enough at King. | ' Never mind that,' tho latter said, ' that matter is settled and I'm not laying up any thing against you on account of it. Go on with your story.' | ' Well, I was workin' away at my boat an' 1 didn't pay more attention tor these ; fellers than I needed ter ; I jest give 'em a howdy-do an' went on hammorin' an sawin'. ' Thon one of them, tho fellow thet Scotty speaks of es dark an' villainous lookin', stepped up an' asked a lot of questions about parties oa hed made the pass recently. ' I told him freely enough es how men was comin' and goin' all the time, an' made men tion of two parties thet hed set out only a few hours before.' ' He wanted to know then of I had seen a young man travelin' by hisself. I 'lowed thet I liedn't. You must onderstan' thet I hed no idee thet he hed anytliin' in fer ye, or I wouldn't hev answered his questions.' ' I'm sure you haven't done any harm,' said King. ' I dunno about thet. T'other fellow come up while he was talkin' an' asked sudden but careless liko of I had come across any feller named King. ' Like a dern fool I told him yes, I hed ; an' tliet ye was only a day's journey ahead of him Then the two looked at each othor in a way thet made mo tumble ter the thought thet ovcrythin' wasn't quito straight,- an' I began to wonder ef I hadn't made some kind of a break. ' Prob'ly I did jest tho wrong thiug, but anyhow I sailed in an' give ye a thnnderin' big send-off, tellin' them ye was the whitest man tliot ever wont across Chilcoot, an! thot yo was dead certain ter be a winner. 'Tho information didn't seem tor please them very much, an' the tall chap took tho smaller one by the arm an' walked him off tor tlio shore .of tho lako where they stayed quite some timo lookin' over a lot of papers.' King had listened in sileuco, trying vainly to get. some clue as to tho identity of two mon bound for the frozen north who knew his name, and had somo manner of interest in liis I proceedings. 'I don't soe any sign of danger in this,' ho said with a little impatience. ' Kwatl's got a lire started and you'd better make haste to dry your clothes ; moreover there aro others hero who evidently want to speak to us.' He glanced into tbo grove of pine trees where the girl who had helped tliom boacli their boat stood beside a tall elderly man, who }vas evidently her father. ? 'They wero looking at tho travellers and ap peared to bo hesitating about coming for ward. It was plain that they were waiting for tho travellers to finish what seemed to bo an im 'portant conversation. ' Gol dern yer oyes, King !' exclaimod Simpson under his breath, ' don't ye see thot I hain't got through yet? The old gent and the gal thar can wait a minuto ; ye listen ter mo.' 'Well, malco haste,' King responded'. He not only felt no more than a mildly qur ious interest in Simpson's narration, but ho was unaccountably attracted toward tho two persona -who -wero waiting iu tho grove, ' 'Twon't tako long,' said Simpson ; ' I kep' on workin' at my boat, but thinkin' with every strokolmado cs how theso chaps might not bo friendly tor yo, an' I made up my mind at last thet I might bo ablo to do yo a good turn by findin' out moro about 'cm. -' So wlien work was knocked off for tlio night I tried ter get 'em into conversation. I told 'em my best stories an' talked my prettiest about tho gold thet might be found in tho Yukon. ' They didn't seem ter care for my company, or my remarks, an' so I lied to try another way. I got my chanct when the camp had gone tor sleep ; I took pains to bunk at my own fire at somo distance from tliom, but I could jost hear the linmmin' of thoir voices es they talked things over. ' When I was certain that all tho rest of tho party was asleep I rolled 'over on tho ground till I got near enough to hear what they was sayin'. ' I heerd the dark chap toll t'other feller thet they'd got tor do him somehow or else everythin' would go ter smash. ' I took it thot he meant you, King !' ' This may be important,' said King, 'but I don't supposo that I quite understand you yet. Just repeat the, dark man's words as ho said them, if you can.' ' Why, es Dear es I can recollect it was this : ' We've got to do him, I tell you, or there'll be no use playin' tho gamo.' ' King made no response. In his thoughts he was trying vainly to soe how this remark could liavo any application to himself. ' It didn't need no argymint for me,' Simp son went on earnestly, ' ter decide tliet he meant ye. They had asked mo questions about ye, it was dead certain thet they wore interested in Gorald King, an' it was ye they was talkin' about for sure.' ' I hardly think so,' said King, ' but wasn't there somethin' else thet you've heard ?' ' Yes, but I- couldn't make head nor tail of it.' ? ' What was it ?' ' The youngest feller mumbled somethin' thot I couldn't understand at all, an' then t'other chap says ; ' Don't be a fool, temper.' ' Then there was nothin' more said an' es it 'peared thet both was droppin' off ter sleep, I rolled back ter my fire. ' I tried to think how I could learn more, but the most I could see was thet they bed it in for ye, an' thet they were bound to catch up with ye. ' So I knocked my boat together es fast es I could next day, an' started ahead of 'em, meaning ter overtake yo; an' give ye warnin', an' es the Lord lives, King, I believe it's a warnin' ye need. Them fellers is desperate.' 'It was a very uncanny remark, that,' said Fraser thoughtfully, ' What remark ?' asked King. '. ' Don't be a fool, temper !' ' King stood looking straight into Fraser's eyes for a second or two and then ho tnrned quickly upon Simpson and asked : ----- - ' Are yon sure you heard that name right ?' ' What name ?' ' The name by . which the dark man ad dressed his partner.' ' He didn't use no name es far es I know.' ' You're sure he said ' temper,' are you ?' 'No, I hain't but it sounded oncommon like it.' . ' Didn't he say, ' don't bo a fool, Tremper ?' ' . 'By thunder yes, thet was jest it!' . , King gripped his hands together behind his back, walked away a pace or two and then returned, -saying : . ' That seems to throw a little light on tho matter, but just what it means I can't under stand now any more than I did before-.' ' Ye know who they are thon !' exclaimed Simpson eagerly. ' I. know a man named Tremper, bnt why ho should be here, and who tho other man is, and what they want of me, is more than I can guess at present. * ' I'll think it over, Simpson ; meantime I'm really obliged to you for your interest ; take care of your health now, and if I think of any thing to ask I'll speak of it a little later.' With this King left his companions abruptly and walked into the grove where the girl and her father wero still standing. (To bo continued.) a 