RABBITS IN ONTARIO. Twenty years ago the epcrtsmen. of Western. On tario knew little or nothing or raJbb'ite. That por tion of the Dominion was then one of. the fcest. sheeting grounds oi this continent. Many varieties cf game were so abundant tjhat an unsuccessful trip was well-nigh an impassibility. The broad, forested regions were chosen haunts of desr, turkey, ruffed grouse, and hare. Every creek, awale, oud wet woodland held its quota of cock, and quail ? could ba found almost anywhere. The great, half-dry plains contiguous to Lake St. Clair and the larger streams, fed countless thousands of snipe and plover. At dawn of a spring morning, the air shook with the clamor o£ geese, swan, and duck cf many varieties. , The marshes of Erie and St. Clair then offered, such ' opportunities for wild-fowling as can now be dup- i Heated only in remote grounds of the far North, j The ears of the man in tbe. blind heard a cease less jangle of bird-calls — the whoop of the stately swan, the honk of geese, the gabble of winged tor rents of duct, the ecape of enipe, the droning whistl ing of plover, the ceaseless fluting A piping of redwings and larks; and now and then, from the j drier knolls, boomed the courting call of the pin- i nated grouse, as he fanned his saimf) tail, and fitted his lemon sacs for female eyes to .admire, j Strings of passenger pigeons, like swift, dark, brooks, i coureed through the blue fields above, and all cf ! these the sportsman knew and loved. i But in this favored region, almcst overstocked ? with' game, there was then no rabbit. There was an ideal country for him, yat he was not there. He had not been overlooked, for a generous share cf the shooting men were well-informed and close ob servers, who would not fail to notice bunny him- ' self, or his . track. Meet of us had heard of the 'cottontail' of near-by Michigan territory; some of us knew well the fun of rabbiting in England: Now and ttien we shot the hare in the swamps, but none of us !had esen or heard of a rabbit, 02- of a hare closely resembling the wild rabbit of. England, in any part of our Ca'nadian grounds. But somehow j the rabbits got into that paradise. Whether a few j creased on the ice from Michigan, or whether some- ' body secured a few cottontails and turned them. I loose in Ontario, has, I believe, never been deter- ! mined. Anyway, about fifteen years ags, we began I to hear talk about rabbits. For a time the talk was treated as mere idle rumor, founded upon a sight of young hares in the summer coat. I was then making a collection cf native birds, and was deemed bird-wise and beast-wise absve the average ? of sportsmen. One day, in February, I received a small box, in which lay a note and a beast. The note eaid, 'This chap forgot to turn white this winter. ? He was shot on Dov;r Plains, and he is sent as a freak.' I looked ck62ly at the rabbit, for euc-h it appeared to be, and knew at ence that ! never before had I eet eyes upon one of its kind. I finally figured it out to be a cottoatail. The ccuntry boys used to snare end shoot the white hares, and sell tdem for a trifle apiece, in the town, and soon a cottontail appeared in a buncn. cf white ones. It attracted a good deal of atten- i tian, and it was easily traced to a part of the coun- j try far removed frcm where my first specimen had ! been taJvers. The nest winter cne or more of the i brown rabbits, which did not turn white, appeared i in earnest every lot of wtUte hares that came to market. Sportsmen talked and wrote freely of tiie new game, and reports cf rabbits having been seen came from all parts of the country. I may as j well say here that, within five yeara from their first j appearance, setter and pointer men were d — ing j tbe rabbits and whaling- dogs for chasing fur, j while farmers were squealing about cut vines and j prodding the lawmakers about having rabbits left ? cut of the game. laws. ! My first sight of a live cne was obtained the fol liowing faeptemoer alter receiving the dead one. I took a cunning old pointer out to look for a few '' ccck, and our first ground was a low-lying bit, j where a clump of rushes grew, and where thera | was usually sufficient water to keep the ground I righit for boring. Thie time the ground proved dry ! as a. bone, and the expedition ended there, for there j was no use going further. The. old pointer kept ? very busy among the withered rushes, and I watch- I ed him curiously; for he was net given to doing work j for the fun of it. He kept elowly tacking through i the stuff, and presently I £aw a small, dark animal, i like a fat field mouse, scud from under his nose, i 'Ware mouse, you old rascal!' I shouted, but the dog made a quick bounce to one side, and appeared 1 to be holding something under his fohe-pawe. 'I'll ' tan you for that, you old fool!' I said, as I went to j Mm. 'Ware mouse.'' I continued, as I stood over | him. But he wouldn't 'ware mques' for a cent. I He had struck something which he didn't under- | stand, and he wagged his tail, and looked up at i me, as though to say, 'What's this funny little j thing I've got here anyway?' Gently pressed ! under his paws was the smallest rabbit I had ever ; seen, and the wee thing was unhurt, though, scared \ aJmcst to death. When I picked it up it appaared ; to be so glad to get a^ay from the dog that it ? lay quite contentedly in my hand. It was smaller ' than the chip-munk which from the fence eeolded at us and our capture. I took the small chap home, placed him in a box, and fed him with clover. Within a week he had1 become quite tame, and soon he Ufd grown ss large as a rat. Then I turned him looea in the orchard. Within two .Louie the pointer had rounded him up, and brought him in his mouth 'to my den. I took -the rabbit to the furthest end of a large lawn, and freed him near a hedge. Next day the pointer had him again. The rabbit was finally carried to i a big clover field, and released 1o fare as best he ! might. The fact of this cne being so small in : September suggested to me that more than one j lot of young had been reared near where he was i taken. ^Whsn the snow came it soon revealed an i astonishing number cf traces. Apparently the new ? rabbits spent mast of the long, sharp nights in ' hepping from point to point, varied by long, straight j dashes across open fields. To start upon ' a fresii I track, and follow it to where its maker had con- ; eluded to squat for the day, was a long and tire- ! seme task, which few successfully completed. Scon ? the rabbits began to visit lawns and orchards which I lay within the town limits. 4 Our place was large. | and had many fir-trees, hedges, and ornamental I shrubs, in addition to a goodly orchard and rows of raspberry and grapevines. Among these I scon detected a multitude of 'small triangles cathe snow, j Brer rabbit had come to town. Before long every i pork and lawn in the place was ? tracked in all directions, and a srey ehane seen sDeedine- amvsi a moonlit street was as 'likely to be a rabbit as a eat. One cold night a rabbit darted almcat from be neath my feet as I opened the gate; the clack of tbe closing gate started another from a clump of dead flower-stalks, and, as I reached the door, a third rabbit rushed from the very doorstep, and sped like a grey ghost tJse length of the verandah. One Sunday we were all at regular family prayer. A sporting friend was visiting me, and he and I knelt, facing a low window, with our elbows upon the sill. And from round a corner, lo! there came unto us a ec-ny, and he reared up not two yards from iis, and he hearkened unto the prayers; and he winked his ncee at us, till my friend forgot himself, and exclaimed, 'We kin catch that devil!' I .threw up the -window sa hard that I cracked a pane, ana out we leaped m red-hot chase. And the dear old archdeacon almcst burst trying not to laugh, for he had seen the rabbit, and was a keen sportsman withal. We ran that rabbit across four two-acre lots -as hard as we could split, and. at last we got turn into deep snow, where he gave up, and - was captured alive. ' . And, on Itoking' back to the finst fence we had cleared, I eswa fuzz of white whiskers above it, 'and heard a strong old voice shout, 'They got Mm! they got him!' Soon 'after that incident I- was entreated to snare every rabbit about the place, presumably to avoid further in terruptions! at unseasonable periods, buf possibly because many choice raspberry vines faag bean. cut. The snares did deadly work, but ibere were always some rabbits to replace the slain.— 'Outdng,' U.S. Sheets of paper or a certain' size were first called 'foolscap 'from the 'watermark of a fool's cap and bells, which, in the time of Charles*!., took the place of the Eoyal Arms by a special order pf Parliament, passed, for the purpose of ffKcbwihg ridicule upon a, certain law regulating the manufacture of paper. 'This -watermark was removed -when .the 'Hump Parliament' -was pro rogued, but the name remained. \ The sectional committee of the Public Worke Com mittee recommends the construction cf tie prcposad KMHLVtttha-Grenfell D&ilway;, 