THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW Curious stories are told about the powers assessed by certain natives of India, who ive up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, hare devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which tha rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a Germae professor visited the "adepts," as thesf aueer Hindus are called, for the purpose on finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They _ treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. •'Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened tho earn. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest s7utdoto. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yon who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Blilief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account o£ the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and tailed to find a care, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medinine which they believe will make him well. What else bat doabt could result from his experience ? Take an example:— • In the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Al-> though I bad no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of henlth and spirits. Iu the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send yon this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths candid letter aud the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at bis address. Finally there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory thatTE " "t ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadoWB. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. The Duke of Norfolk, Postmaster- General, has written to the various colonial Agents- General in London stating that the Imperial penny postage will only be extended to those Oovemments-which will voluntarily reciprocate. 