CHATTER II. LHE country round Durban is reailr very interesting, and. in some parts, very Veautifui. The Dur banites are very hospitable and j fond of entertaining*, and right j royally they dispense their plea rures. No wonder, then, that within a month 3 felt myself, hvgienicallv spcakiug, as sound a> a bell. - At one of the bouses at which I had been ; entertained I made the acquaintance of a Sir.1 Dolern, a young Englishman, who hod a farm, or farm* rather, on the other side of Pictermaritzborg, away among the hills. He | had come to Durban on some matter of busi- 1 ness, and before he returned we saw enough of each other to enable as to say, each to the other, " I've cottoned to yon, old boy," and in his case he made the addition, " You muft come over and stay with mc at Foaming Palis." Poaming Falls was the name he hud given to his residential farm. He had extracted a pro mise from tnc to visit him. Within a week I had met him in Pictermaritzburg, to which place he had driven in his Cape-cart to meet me. We were soon on the road, and he, in high glee, kept telling me how delighted Anna was at the Idea of huviug a visitor so latelv from home. \- rtad not bargained for a meeting with the woman-kind, but after he hud explained that Anna was his sinter, and "not a bad little woman in her way," I was in a measure reconciled. Arrived at Foaming Falls, Anna met us on the stoep of the veranda. Wliat a pictnrc she looked—a figure of medium height, with a glory of lion-tawny hair, pale complexion, with sufficient embonpoint to suit my taste. -Dressed in a dark, violet-lined cashmere gown, with a deep orange-coloured silk kerchief loosely tied rouud her throat, she looked—well, as I have said, a perfect pic ture. . * No; I say nothing about her eyes, but the gazelle** arc not more limpid, we were soon %t table, and mc {Boleyn and myself), at any rate, were hungry after our drive. Conversa tion did not la<r, never the ghost of a falter. Her hobbies, nay weaknesses and Boleyn's anxiety about his stock were all iu turn trotted out. My stay had run into a month, during which time Anna and I had become the best of chums. We walked together, drove to gether, and mostly naturalised in company, for she had a tarn for natural history, and so, in spare time, we sought for specimens. This dolce far niente life could not last for ever, and the time came when I mutt, per force, make my adieu. It was the morning before the day on which I had arranged to take my departure that Anna was in the garden, walking in a some what aimless fashion. I joined her, and we soon found ourselves on n favourite topic. I was aboat to pick up my pipe, which had dropped from my fingers to the ground, when I saw, right at my feet, a huge brown snake —a momba, as the species is named out there. I sprang forward with an effort at a jump, bnt one cannot jump vciy cleverly with an artificial limb attached, at least I had not practised. My effort to clear the reptile brought mo to grief, and I fell prone on the gravel patb. Tiien followed a fearful shriek from Anna, and a blow on my left leg. Of course it did not hurt me—it was the right leg to be bit. Then I saw Anna flying for dear life towards the house, calling tho while iu lusty tones, f,Jack, Jack, where is tlie whi*ky?M Soon she reappeared, and with undiminished celerity, whisky bottle in hand, came rushing to where I lay. Jack, her brother, was close behind, both of thcra look ing white and scared. "Make him drink it, Jack; the whole, of it.- Jan is coming with another.*' After saying this she came to mc, raised my head to her knee, and in anxious tones insisted: " Tou most drink it, every drop, or you'll die. Do, there's a dear—I raeau, I—I—do drink it, please." ; . I was langhing; I could not exactly say why, for the writhing body of the mamba was yet close by me. Jack kicked it away, and "turned to mo with the whisky bottle, saying: "Drink it up, old chap, and I'll cauterise the place. It's the only thing wo cau do.'' Pushing the whisky on one side,-1 replied: " I'm all right. What is the matter ?" Then burst in Anna's agonised tones. "Why, I saw the horrid thing fasten on your leg and strike you several times. Oh clear, oh dear, you'll die; I'm sure you will." Then said Jack, " Come, old fellow, it isn't n laughing matter. Let mc have a look." With that he knelt down, and turning up ray trousers leg, Anna the while gazing with streaming eyes, they saw—where the laugh came in. But, honour bright, not once did I re >6mber the artificial lirob. Of course I felt no bite or wound. I frit the blow she gave when she killed the snake; one naturally feels a jar if a stick one has in his hand is struck, for example, but I frit nothing else. " Oh, you horrid fellow. Tou never told roc yon bad a wooden leg," said Anna. " I have not. It is of superior Spanish cork," I replied. "Lucky for yon, old man," said Jack, as he turned to go; and the Kaffir, Jan, smiled i he jucked up the dead mamba, and said: "lab, boss, good job he no biteyyou. Him fangs likoy shark hook." Then the honest fellow examined the cork limb, and therefrom extracted a fang nearly half an inch long. Still, in a dazed fashion, Anna caressed tho limb, scarce knowing what she did; then, remembering all at once, her pale face flushed as she mmmurcd: " Oh, what will you think of me ?" "That yon are just tlie woman to make me a good wife, if yon only will." And she willed; thanks for all mercies; , When wc told Jack of oar arrangement, what do you think he said ? Just this: "H*in! Not. the first lime a serpent ' played the devil' in a garden." Every finger of the hand has, at some time or other, been used for the wedding ring. 