SEB«p«'SiDAf Walking in the Light. , Bv tub Late Rirv. C; H. .SruiiOEOX. . But tf wo walk In the light, n Ho is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and tho blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleauactli us from ail iu.— John i. 7.; ' . ' .'" V . i' Tho first thing that strikes mo is the great ness of everything in tho text. In aoiho places everything is littlo ; you talk with Honio mon— thuir thoughtSt their ideas, are alt littlo.' Scoto what a magnificent kcuIg every thing is drawn in our text b , Thiulc, beloved, how grout the sin of God's peoplo. in ! Will you try and get that thought iiito.ypur minds, how great is your own siti ? Your siii before conversion — think that over : your sin whilo seeking tho Lord, in putting confiaoucc in your own works and looking after reluges of lies. Your sins since conversion — turn them oyer. Beloved, one sin tolvcrs up liko an Alp. but wo luivo .niany -sins heaped 'upon each other. Then obaervo tho great ness of tho , atonement offered. Will. 3'ou inwardly digest those, words, ''the blood of Jesus Christ His Sou?" Bloqd is at all times precious('bnt this is no blood of a nicro man ; it is tlio .blood of an innocent man — bettor still, it is the blood of man in union with Deity. "His Son!" God's Sou! Wlnv angels cast tlicir crowns before Him! All the choral symphonies of Heaven Mirwroml His glorious throne ! " God over all, blessed , for over. Amon." And yet Ho yields His bluod; takes upon himself the form of a ser vant, .and tlicu is scourged and pierced, bruised and torn, and at last .slain ; for nothing but the blood of Deity could muko atonement for human -sin. It must he no man merely; it must bo the God-man Mediator,, the fellow, of Jehovah, , co-cqual and cu- elernal with Him, who must bear tho pangs and bitterness of Divine wrath which was due to sin. Think of this— a. sacrifice truly, , which no human mind can -ever properly estimatoin tho infinity ' ox its value. .Here indeed wo liavo greatness — great sin. but a groat atonemen'tv Think again ; wo have hero great love which provideth such a sacrifice. Oh, how Ho must .have loved- to liaye descended from Heaven to earth, and from earth to tho , grave. .How he must have loved to have- chosen uh when we wcro hating liitn— wlicn wc wero enemies! Ho hath reconciled us unto God by His- own death. Dadin trespasses and sins, corrupt, wrapped up in tho eeremouies of evil habits, hateful and haling-! uuo dnotlier, full of sin and every abomiuation, yet He loved us so as to yield up His soul unto death for us. Wo are deal ing with great things hero indeed, and we must .not forget tho greatness of the iuffuenoo which sueli an atonement, the result of such love, must have upon tho Christian's heart. Oh, the greatness of the peace which nasseth all understanding, which flows from this great atonement ! Ye aro citizens rnjoyiug no mean privilege, O veblond-houghteilizcnH of-:i blood-bought city. God has iuvi-d von. God has loved you, and to prove His love. He has died in the person of ihau for you. lie loves you, and has overcome tho dread res nit of all your fearful sin : und now, by tho love which God 1ms manifested, wo do 'prav you let your holiuess, your truthfulness, and your zeal provo that you understand the greatness of these things. , . Tlio noxfc thing which sparkles iu tho toxt is itssim'phy£olitarincs\s: " We have fellowship ono with another and then it is addod as a gloipoudy simple statement, " The blood of .Jesus Christ His Son oloanseth us from ail sui." Observe, hero is nothing said about rites and ceremonies. Nothing is here said about sacraments — what, some cull "the blessed Eucharist " is not. dragged in here ; nothing about eating broad and drinking wiuo; it is the blood, nothing but the blood — "the blood of Jesus Christ His Son." It was well done by a poor uonuiu.wiio, as sbc lay sick, heard for the first time the precious gospel of her salvation. .She was told lhat the blood alone cleansed from sin : she believed, aud then, puttiughcr hand into licr bosom, sbo'took oui a littlo crucifix whicb she bad always worn, hangiug from a. chain about Iter neck, and said to the .preacher, - 44 Then, I don't want this, sir." Ah, truly ,so ; aud so may wc say of everything that inan.lms devised as a consolation ton' poor wounded .spirit. "I have found Jesus', and I dohiot want that, sir." You who want it," keep it ; but .as for us, if wo walk in tho light, a- Ho is in tho light, the blood of Jesus Christ His Son so completely pnrgoth us i'l-om all sin that we nuro not look lo any thing else, lost wo come into tlio bondage "of tho beggarly elements of this world'. Tho dying thief looked to Christ, and sin was taken away ' by the blood. ; Another brilliant Hashes in the light— namely, tho completeness of tho cleansing. "Tho blond of Jesus Christ His Son cleanscth us from all sin " — not from some sin, but 44 from all sin." Beloved, I cannnt tell you the exceeding sweetness of this word, hut I pray God the Holy Ghost to give you a taste of it. There is original sin, by whicb wo lull in Adam before we wcro horn, and inherited sin, through which wo were born in sin ami shapen in iniquity ; theru is actual sin— tho sin ofiny youih aud my former transgressions, the siiis of my riper years, tlio sins which defilo tho houry head and make that whicb should bo a crown of glory to bo a crown of grief : but all theso sins, original and actual, arc all gouo ! all gone ! Pharaoh's chariot is drowned in the Red Sea, and tho meanest Egyptian is drowned in the soli-sumo way. Tho dupths luivo covered tlicm ; there is liot ono of them left. Whether tho bill bo littlo or the .bill bo great, tho samorcueipt can disciiargo ono as tho other. Tho blood of Jesus Christ is as blessed and divine a pay ment for the sin of blaspheming Peter as it is for tho siu of loving John, and our iniquity is gone, all gone at once, and all gouo for ever. Blessed completeness ! Ono of tho goms that stud Die toxt is tho thought of xn-esontness. 44 Cleunsoth," says tho text — not 44 shall cleanse." There aro multitudes who think that as a dying bono thcyjmvy look forward to )urdou, uud perhaps within a fmv hours of their dissolution they may bo ablo to snv, 14 My sins aro pardoned." Such can never have read God's word, or, if thoy liavo road it, they liavo read it with unbeliev ing oyos. I would not give tho snap of my finger for tho bare possibility of cleansing whou I oonio lo die. Oh lio\v infinitely better to havo cleansing now ! Somo imagine that a senso of purdou is an attainment after many years of Christian experience. For a younir Christian to say, "My sins nro forgiven," seems to them to be an untimely iig, ripe too soon ; but, beloved, it is not so. The moment a sinner trusts Jesus, tlmt sinner is us fully forgiven as ho will bo whou' the light of tho glory of God shall shine upon his resurrection countenance. Beloved, forgiveness of hiq is a present thing— a privilege for this day, a joy for this very hour ; and whosoever walks in tlio tight ftB God is in 'tho light has follow- 'slup with' God and has tho perfect; purdon of Sill.'-- Tlio text presents to uA very blessedly tlio thought of certainty.;- It' is not 14 perhaps the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses from sin " ; the toxt spOsks of it ah a fact not to' bo dis puted. To tho believer this is mutter of cer tainty, for thb:Bi>irit of God boaroth' witness wifli- our spirits that 'wo: hrebo'rri of God. Our spirit in tlio joy uud p'eacb' which it "receives through4 belioviiig, - becomes :'Wiurcd: -of its being clou used," and then tho 'Spirit- of God comes in un a second witness' and .bears wit- . ness with our spirit that. wo urbborn of God. My being cleansed from all sln: to-'diiv is to; nio as mutdi a niajt'or bf consciousness' us iny being, bettor. in health. ' IWvuS (iohspious of : pain wlieii I. Jay pn- 'lhy 'slek-bed i and ; !s6,-; when ; 1 -:wa V.living' 7 in rHin. as' soon us God guvo mo ! RpjrUuul- life; I was 1 cousoious that guUt'lay;ihcuyily: upon, ino. I uu qousoiouH; nqw pf pftin rcVaovqd. udd so I, . nni cqually conscious1 of.ffehp.romoveiJ;! and I ; do nqtjicsitato to 'y 'it.'hDro/tlmtj Hcioushess of. ijurddnedsm dsiufe.tliiif ihombht as cleur and us distinot ashi'cohfioioufjiiess of removed j)aiu whilo. I look Viit : Jesus' . Christ my.Lord by faith. So\i8dt;qfleii;with tho Qiri8Umi»;;--:ltvls%ifrcquontly' -wifli .'/him- a kiuattec .'fit consoibusue&s;\hiot.vippsitivQ and infalliblb that lib is truly . and rcuily.pleaiised: . .froni all eiu by- /.tho" blood: of» Jesus \Qlirist ;; nd itis iibt in6rely.-.tt.inutt6r.,of 'oohfioioua- \- ncBs, biit.v if you thinU; of jt, 4ti8.ii mutter of Tfeuijouing.'; vlf'JosuaVGhri.st'didipdeod ' take . tho sins of . all > who; b'plievei then, itf: follows j hccQssurily that have no . longer. imy'fiiu!j''fo'if iGhriat tookiiiy sin; siri- caiinofc be.intvvh: vplaces at. owo. .Hf. Christ , 1 bears it,', thou- -do .nobrbeur it ; nud if, Christ was punished.' for - it, Then tho,- Sunisjimont of my sin has been endured," and ouuuot. bo puuuhed for tho: sin fov'wluchv Jesus has beeu punished. -If Jesus Christ luis paid tlio debt,. A 41 Justice can- demand no moro , Christ Iirs paid tho drpadful score." _ Yet more, ho is so certain . of it that it bogins to operute upon . him in blessed effect. Ho is so suvq that there is no sin laid to his door that hb' draws neui'i:!' "to God than a sinner lliay do defiled with sin. ' Ho enters nibo that'which is within, tho veil ; he talks wit h God as bis -Father ; ho claims familiar intcrcourso with the Most High God ; and though God be so great that tho heaven of lieaveiiH cannot contHi'ii Iliui, ,-yot. ho believes tlmt tlmt Mime God lives iu his heart us in a temple. Now, this ho could, hot feel if lie did not know, thiit sin isjrnt away.'. Boloved, no luuu is capablo .of virtuo in tho highest sense of- tho tcrni till it is a umltor of - pertaiuty- -to - him that his friii is cleansed. Ybu hay, 44 Th;it is a strong nsserlion," but I do assert .it—sill of you who arc doing good works with tlio view to saving yourselves are missing tho tnsirk of jjuro virtue." You say,.' " Why ? " Tho gqodness of un action' depends' upon its motive; your uiottvu is. ro suvo yourselves— that is selfish ; youivaotion is. Ht.'lffsh, and tho virtue of it 1ms evaporated. But the Chris tian, when ho -pcrforuis ' good works, does not perform them with auy view whatever of meiit or self salviition. - 44 1 am saved," sailh ho — .".perfectly, saved. I luivo nut a sin in God's book against aic— I am dean. Grout God, boxoro Thy bar I am cloan, . through Jesus Chnst. 44 Loved of my God, for Him again "With love iiitenso I burn. What eau I do to prove lo all mankind much, lioiv truly I love my God ?" You see, then, that this must be a.mattcr "of ecrtaiuty, or 'else it willnovt.-r havo its righ effect upon you ; and J. |iray G<>-1 xiiat you may suck the certainty out of thi and taste its sweet ness to your own rami's bliss, mid beabln.to say, 44 Yes, without a doubt, tho -blood of Jesus Christ His Son. cleansoth us from al> A few words upon another gem which ' adonis the text— namely, the divinity of it. "Wisoru?" saitli one. '.Does uot divinity . gleam in this text? Docs it not strike you that the verse is written in a God like style? The. God-liko slylo is very peculiar. "You 'eau toll tho. stylo of Milton from tho stylo of Wordsworth or tho style of Byron. "Road 'a verse, and an educated .person knows the author by tho ring of the sentences. The God-like style is unique in its excellence. You need never put tho name at the bottom when tho writing is ol tho Lord. You know it by the very stylo of jr. 4 Light, be ! Light was." Who spcaifs like thut but Deity ? Now, there is a. Divine ring about this scntouce. "Tho blood of Jesus Christ His Sop deanseth from all sin." Why, if imm wcro talking of so groatau atonement, he would fetch a com pass ; ho would have to go rouud abut. Wo cannot afford to say such great things as these in a few words ; we must adopt some form of speed) tlmt will allow us to extol tho truth and indicate its beauties. God scorns to put away His pearls as if they wero hut common pebbles. 44 Tho blood of Jesus Christ His ttoti cleansuth us from all sin" — as if it wore an much a matter of everyday work sis for si insin to wash his hands. Notice tho simplicity of the wliolo process. It does not seem to take weeks or liiryithti — it is done at once. Slowly and by degrees is man's action— we must lay tho thing to soak, to fetch the colour from it, subject it;to.mauy1pr6ees-<cs, and expose it to the wind, and ruin, and frost, and huh. before, it can bo cleansed; But hero God speaks, and it is done. ' Tho blood comes into contact -with the guilty conscience, and it is all over .with siu. As if it wero but a Handful Ho moves a mountain of sin , He takcth up tlio isles as a very little thing; He counter h great uceans of our sin as though they were but a drop of a bucket,. Be lieving in Christ, iu a moment, by tho Divine aud majestic process which God has ordained, wo irofc the perfect cleansing of sin. But before ever.the sinner c;ui receive pardon ho must say, 44 1 will arise and go unto my Father;" nud he must come closer into con tact witli God than hit ever came before. He' must scu God .in the ilesh of Christ, and must look to Him ii' lie would lie saved; - I pray God the Holy Ghost to bring you to see tho light of thu glory of Gud in the face of Jesus Christ ; Iheii will you trust Him, and then shall 3011 havo fellowship with L.tini and by His blood 3011 shall bo cleansed from all siu. God bless you, for Jesus' sake. Amen. 