Andante. Your fingers sweep* the keys, and then. By river reach and iris fen The long dead days come back again- .. - Smile on ice once again, and so Waft me on music soft and low Down the far fields of long ago. Where lonely sunsets blow and fade Fer one whose haunted heart has strayed' At evening to the upland glade. ¡ Where he can hear the wild geese cry Across the solitary sky, And the'cold sweeping winds go by . : .> With broken words that laugh and weep. Like some one troubled in his sleep By visions of the calling deep. Strange forest-girded lakes, whoso moods Lie hidden in far solitudes Where no irreverent foot intrudes; Black tossing rapids, through whose roar A vague great voice forevermore Goes echoing from shore to shore;, All phases of that wilderness Whose close communion used to bless. My boyhood in its loneliness; All these across my spirit's ken Swept by on waves of sound, and then A sharp sweet chord-they fade again. The wandering ghosts have found their.tomBj And here,' within this shadowed room, Your gold hair glitters through the gloom. A man named William M'Ginty died at Camp Iron Bridge, near Forbes, on Saturday evening,' from belladonna poisoning. . , ? ? . ; Dr. Curtayne, of the Manning River, who fell out of a sulky last week, is not improving much; and is still in a critical condition. . , '. A youth named Humphreys was thrown out of a' cart at Casino'on Saturday. The wheel passed,' over him,'inflicting serious injuries. ! A fatal accident happened on . November; 30 to Mr. George Launt, sen., ' a selector residing a few miles out of Gunnedah;1 In company with two pf his son3 ho was engaged cutting down a pine tree, which itt falling struck another tree and rebounded, hitting deceased on tho hea'J, inflicting such injuries that he died four hours afterwards. Deceased, who was widely known and highly respected, throughout the district, leaves a large family. With regard to the proposed Royal Commission to inquire into and report upon the various schemes which have been submitted for the pre-, vention of floods iu the Hunter River district, the Premier has. communicated-with Mr. Napier Bell asking him if he'will undertake the work;. Mr. Bell is now reporting on works of the Que'ens'an'd Government and has also been similarly employed in New Zealand. He has the reputation ol being an able marine engineer, and haB had considerable experience. _ . . Aman named Benjamin. Mines met 'with a serious accident at Rylstone on Satur day through his horse falling on him and crushing his leg, afterwards dragging Mines-, whose foot caught in the stirrup, some dis tance. Mines was kicked several times, and eventually thrown heavily against a fence.. Upon examination lie was found to have sus-, fained a fracture of the bone. He is also; thought to have one or more ribs fractured; ia addition to which he is severely bruised from head to foot» 