THE THETIS TRAWLING CRUISE. A SUCCESSFUL CONTINUATION. The Thetis returned to port last night from her trawling expedition. The return on this occasion was due to an accident to her boiler tube. The Thetis proceeded at once to Cockatoo where the boiler-tube will be repaired. As Mr. Parnell wishes to make an extended trial of the grounds be- tween Bulli and Jervis Bay, it is proposed to coal and provision for a trip of about 10 days, and leave Sydney at 2.30 p.m. on Tuesday. The following are the details of the cruise:— The Thetis left Sydney about 3 p.m. on the 10th, and when off the South Head of Sydney harbour the trawl was shot in 39 fathoms on a bottom indi- cated by the lead to be soft sand and mud. A south-easterly course was steered, and all went well from 4 p.m. to 5.15 p.m., when a heavy knock showed that the trawl had encountered some obstacle. The engines were stopped, and while the trawl was being raised soundings were again taken. They gave 37 fathoms, on fine sand and shell. Lead-line soundings at long intervals do not appear to be much of a guide in determining the nature of the bottom. It was found when the other boards appeared that the chains had parted from one end of the forward board, and the bottom warp had also left its corner and was swung loose. The obstruction had hit the forward board very hard. There was nothing to indicate what it was that had done the damage, for the net had a fair share of ordinary smooth bottom fish and no rock fish, although there were some exquisite specimens of submarine invertebrates. About half a basket of edible fish was secured, including the following: - John dory, boar- fish, flathead, skates, gurnard, besides one angel shark and a few small sharks of other kinds, sting- rays, sawfish, squids, and shells containing hermit crabs. The damage to the chains was slight, and was repaired in a quarter of an hour. The next shoot was made off Port Hacking at night. The trawl was lowered at 9 p.m. in Bate Bay in 23 fathoms on a soft sandy bottom, and was dragged for 1¾ hour on a perfect bottom. A course like a written capital letter C was steered out for a mile or so eastward and then round by the starboard across the outward course. A small catch was secured - about one basket of good edible fish. The nannegai caught were small, as were the gurnard and flounders. The flathead were mostly marketable, and the john dory and skates were ex- cellent. A peculiar feature of the haul was the capture of two Chimera or Ghost sharks about 3ft. long, whose white elongated phosphorescent bodies gleamed at night with spectre-like lustre. These were valuable perquisites for Mr. Edgar, on behalf of the museum. Dr. Marano and Mr. F. W. Wilson, who accompanied the expedition as far as Port Hacking to see one of the trials, were landed on Friday morning, and the vessel made her next essay off Port Hacking at 9 a.m. on Friday. A strong southerly breeze and increasing sea were not promis- ing, but the trawl was nevertheless shot in 23 fathoms, about 2½ miles wide of Simpson's Hotel, at Cronulla Beach. The drift was too fast, as it was feared, and the vessel drifted on to a reefy bottom, which speedily gripped the net. The top or leger line was parted, and the net itself was torn. Three fine john dories were all the fish caught, but the cod contained some very beautiful specimens of in- vertebrates and starfish. Some were like jewelled pincushions, and glittered with the water dripping from their shining coloured nodules. Several Nep- tune's cups, compound ascidians, and sea-cucum- bers were also caught, and were secured for the museum. On March 12 the Thetis left Port Hacking at 6 a.m. and went eastward about four miles. The trawl was shot in 40 fathoms on a soft bottom at 7 p.m., and a southerly course was steered past the wreck of the Marion Fenwick. There was a lumpy sea and a southerly wind. At 9 a.m., in 55 fathoms, the lead showing mud and shells, the trawl was raised. The position of the vessel was then about five miles south of Port Hacking, four miles wide. A catch of very fair quantity resulted, the principal fish in numerical order being is follows:- Gurnard, flathead, stingrays, sawfish, skate, whiting, flounder, john dory, percis or hardiheads, boarfisb, bellows fish, stargazers, squid, hermit crabs, one prawn, one leatherjacket, and a little seaweed. The sixth trial was made in 50 fathoms at 9.30 a.m. on a soft sand and shell bottom, in the same line as the last trial, and on a good bottom. The coast showed high cliffs, and the Thetis kept on a southerly course till 11.50 a.m., when the net was raised from 50 fathoms. The cod contained about six baskets of fish altogether, the species in numerical order represented being:- John dory (a very fine lot), flathead, gurnard, stingrays, sawfish, skates, red mullet, witch flounders (small), a few whiting, bellows fish, one leather jacket, one yellow tail, and a bucketful of squid. The trawl was shot immediately a little closer inshore, but was hardly down before it fouled an obstacle, and was again hauled in. A large round boulder was enclosed in the net, and had to be cut loose. It weighed probably 5cwt. A few fish were caught in the cod, chiefly gurnard and john dory. About this time a tube in the starboard boiler burst, and only one was available for future work, so it was decided to make Port Hack- ing to enable Chief Engineer Caldwell to effect repairs. This trouble was temporarily overcome during the night, and in the morning of the 13th the Thetis went out again at 6 o'clock. An east-south-east course was steered to the deep water. It was evident that the trawlable bottoms were along and outside the 50-fathom limit, so it was decided to keep further out from shore. At 7 a.m. the ninth trial was made in 52 fathoms on a mud bottom, while the vessel held on southward. The day was propitious, and the south-easterly roll had mode- rated. No impediments were met with, but few fish were enclosed. The otter boards had been dragging deeply in ooze, but for some reason few fish were caught. Captain Neilsen reckoned that the foot- rope was not quite on the bottom, and was therefore not fishing. At 9.30 a.m., in continuation of the same line of work and on a similar bottom, the trawl was shot, and the vessel went southward parallel to the coast and about five miles wide of it till 11.50 a.m. It was then raised off a 70-fathom bottom, showing coarse sand and gravel. A very satisfactory haul was ob- tained, john dories being specially well represented in good size and quality. The order of the catch was as follows:- John dory, nanegai (small), gurnard perch, gurnard, flathead, squid, and a few of each of the following:- Angel shark, skate, stingray, percis, boarfish, morwong, swimming crabs, long- fins, crayfish, witch flounders, mottled rock cod, spiny seahorse, and stargazers The tenth trial was made at 2.10 p.m. off the coast between Long Bay and Maroubra about 4½ miles wide of the coast in 43 fathoms. The trawl again travelled without hindrance for two hours southward, and was lifted off a soft oozy bottom in 66 fathoms. The result was the best haul of the trip. Gurnard of small size were present in great numbers, and these top the list numerically. The rest of the catch in numerical order was as follows:- Flathead, john dory, skate, squid, crabs, a few stingrays, small witch flounders, percis, whiting, one angel shark, and one stargazer. A celluloid collar came up in this haul. The feature of the last four trawls was the almost entire absence of leather- jackets, the scarcity of stingrays, and the prevalence of very fine john dories. 