S E E Biftutl Sanation OK A Daughter's Sacrifice, Bv MAURICE E. HBBVEY. CHAPTER XI. B0V LEARNS S .MBTHTNO TO BIB ADVASTAOK. Roy Ainsleigh fttsured Edith that he M ha a frequent visitor at the bbey S h ^ V ' " ^ " Thorwold, sue looked forward eagerlyu, the Vl „[ these promised visiw. She WH ""idly regaining strength, and fe t equal IrtwalW in the garien with the lid of a supporting arm. So the event DK>red,buutwM rt ubert's that supported E r He came alone. -Where is Boy t" she inquired tle'^s at Thorwold," said Hubert, have brought you a letter from him." Edith took the letter in ailenee and opened it It an « follows— _ ' Thotwold, August 23rd. Mr dear Edith, 1 borrowed Hubert's cycle yeaterd,r wd rude to the Abbey for the of course, of seeing you. In the , m frigid greeting, opened out on me in the nMtiest possible manner about your- He told me in the plainest terms toi he entirely disapproved of my attentions to you, and would deem it a M-onal offence to himself should I jrtempt to renew them. Other things he Lid which 1 will not pain yon by repeatiac • but the gist of it all was that 1 was utterly ineligible as a suitor and that he rould thaun trio to it» r e the Abbey a wide berth m future. hat could I aay or do I Sir Philip »» »» ° ,d man mnd „ " ? oa l £her How coul 11 retaliate? What I did was to return without a word to Thonrold, anl to-morrow I shall return to London. Of what use is my staying dorn here when 1 am debarred from leeing you ? 1 mi sending these hne» by Hubert, vho knows nothing »f what has occurred. Tell hiin, if y>u like, and let me know whst vou think 1 ought to do. Yours as ever, Ruy. Edith read the first part of this lukewarm effusion with heightened colour; but ero a!ie had finished it, she bad turned deadly pale. Boy's account of her father s action aroused a strong spirit of opposition-of figut, withiu her. He bad no right, site told herself, to stand thus harshly between her and her lover; but ho* ame Roy to yield thus readily I He had not even attempted to justify himself —had not even pleaded his love for her —had not even expostulated against the deciee which banished him from her preseuw. He had gone without uttering a word, and now he asked her what he ought to do. Would he have answered her thus, under similar circumstances, a few short weeks ago J She passed her hand acr.'ss her forehead several times in a perplexed sort of way ; it was a habit id? had latterly fallen into when worried or actions. Thon she gave tbe letter to" Hubert. •' Bead it." she said simply. Hubert did so, carefully, thoughtfully. '• I guessed from Roy's manner yesterday. that some unpleasantness had occurred," he said presently, 'but '1 never suspected Sir Philip would go this length, i cannot quite understand his reuan. He has never, to my knowledge, interfered between you and Hoy before ; has he Edith ?" "No." she replied, somewliat hesitatingly; "but 1 think he was some r hat vexed that Roy saw me at the inn. He has chilled very much in his manner lateiy. especially since that horrible little Jew arrived the man he used to call his secretary, you know." " Yes, I know." assented Hubert; " but I do not see bow this Mr Krek's return can affect your relations with my brother. Edith. I may use the privilege of an old friend—may mot -and ask you a blunt question ?'" "Of coarse you may, Hubert," she answered, slipping her hand affectionately into his. " Are you not my elder brother aa well u Roy's? Why, Hubert, bow your hand trembles " "Edith," he weut on, almost involuntarily tightening his grasp of the small white hand ; "are you sure that you love Roy—very much 1 That it would grieve you very greatly to give him up 1* "' think it would break my heart," ojuiost whispered. Tne soft brown eyes gazed bravely into hen, and if the mobile mouth twitched lo. i moment, the heavy moustache concealed it. " i understand," he said, very genii). "Then you shall not give him nji, dear, and—i.o shall not give you up. I aha 1 do wh« I think he ought to have don«—ciMly usk Sir Philip the reason for h'< "bj-'eunu to my brother as a suitorfor : iiAud; and, for my reward, you hi,ill nuke a tour of the garden with me. <' line! Don't be afraid of leaning too iwivily upon my arm. Why, it stem Jut the other day when I used to carry .•on on my shoulder I" And this is how it came to pass that Edith bad Hubert's arm instead of Roy's to support her in her first walk. She culled him a rosebud and placed it in i his coat. " 1 am thinking what answer I •hall send Roy," she said gravely. Poor Hubert 1 She mighc give him the rase, but her thoughts were always with his brother. " I m afraid I cannot help you, dear," he replied. "Say just what your heart dictates." " by, you have helped me, Hnbertl" she rejoined, with the ghost of one of her old rippling laughs. "That is exactly •hat 1 Shall say : ' Dear Ro>,—Do exactly s« your heart dictates.' " " Then I know what I should do were XU 'it ." was his comment. " What f' Oh ! Something involving a ropeladder and post-horses," be explained *ith uiock earnestness. ** Or I .laresay a tandem cycle would be more tip-to-date-' And thus, heavy as was bis own heart, be sought to lighten hers by cheerful castor. 1'tue to his resolve, he sought out Sir Philip Wter on. The baronet received him cordially enough until he brosohed the subject at his brother's pretensions to Ediths' Hand. "See here, Hubert," said Sir Philip, Mddeuly changing his tone, "I hart always esteemed yon very highly, and, [w the matter of that, although I deem him somewhat empty-headed, t entertain •w personal dislike to your brother. Bat £><» for all, this tomfooUry between With and him must cease. He cannot afford to marry at all, modi less to marry » girl accustomed to those refinement* of -life which only rich people can indulge in { •or has he any prospects, solar iss I know *»ept the remote prospeot nfoudmng succeeding you. v^bare otherarfews *'th nwanl to my daoghter. and until i have positive assurance that this boy- ana- CtinonseMe is abandoneilinurt insist •Pttjonr bcefcwdWWrtfemSiMto to my house. I hope I make my meaning clear to you t" " Not entirely BO," corrected Hubert, quietly._ " Am I to understand that your sole objection to Roy lies in the inadequacy of his income to maintain your daughter in the style to which she has been accustomed P Supposing 1 said 'yes' to that question," returned Sir Philip, drily, "bow would that affect the issue f" " Roy may very shortly be very much better off than be is at present," answered Hubert. '' There may be a fairly adequate fortune held in trust for him, until he either marries or attains tbe age of twenty-five, of which even he himself has no inkling whatever." Why beat round the bushf demanded the baronet testily, "la there any such trust in his favor t" " You are forcing my hand, Sir Philip. Have I your promise that, if 1 answer your question, you will treat the communication as confidential f" "Yes," was the reply. "I promise you that.'' " Very good," said Hubert. "Then I, on my part, pledge you my word that, if you will give your consent to Roy's marriage with Edith, he will be in a position to give you, or your lawyers if you choose clear proof of an income of £800 a year in addition to a settlement of £10,000 upon her. Does that satisfy you f* " Well, of course, you're very unexpected statementalters the case entirely " admitted Sir Philip; "and, as I have said already, I have no objection to the lad personally. But are yon quite sure of your facts—and figures 1" " Absolutely. I am, if anything, understating the income, and I am asking you to sanction the marriage only upon condition that the proofs are forthcoming. That is fur, is it not !" Yes, it seems fair enough. I presume, since you apeak so positively, that you are yourself acting as your brother's trustee t" Yes, I am." Then that settles the question," rejoined Sir Philip. " Subject to your own conditions, withdraw my objections to the match. But why have you kept this trust a Becret all this time !" if you reflect a moment, yon will readily see the imprudence of letting a mere boy like Hoy know that he only had to get married in order to oome into a largo sum of money. Failing Edith, he might marry the first clever adventuress he came across simply to secure this money." " Yes," assented the baronet; "there is reason in what you say. By the_ way I suppose there is no indiscretion in assuming .that this fortune comes to him from liis father f' From whom else should it come F" echoed Hubert. " I think the only remaining point to be considered is whether you would wish the young people to know the teal reason for your change of front, or whether you would rather let them suppose you have merely relented upon more mature reflection t" Upon my word, I don't care a rush," was the candidly cynical reply. " I leave it to you. Give them any reason or reasons you choose — I'll not contradict you." "Very well," said Hubert. "Then I'll give Edith a hint of the good news before • return to Thorwold." You're taking a world of trouble to bring two foolish youngsters together," rejoined Sir Philip, shrugging his shoulders, " and, in the long run, you'll probably get more reproaches than thanks for your pains. They'll be yawning in each other* faces withio six months of their marriage. 1 Hubert pud a second, .brief visit to Edith in order to communicate the success of bis mission. Glorious news, Edith,"he exclaimed, with great show of exultation " I have succeeded in talking your father into a more amiable frame of mind—have overcome all his objections, and have his assurance that he will no longer stand in the way between you and 4>y There 1 Am I not a skilful ambassador f T«ara of gratitudo and joy welled up in Edith's eyes. "Oh, Hubert," she cried. " You have made me the happiest girl in England, and 1 was feeling so miserable 1 Then Roy may come and see me as often as be likes r Yes, dear, as often as he likes. There are to be no clouds between you any more—and now I must be off and let Boy know the pleasant course events have taken. He'll be here early enough to- morrow you may be sure." "Goodbye, Hubert," she rejoined, with a happy smite. "Good-bye, you best and kindest of brothers." That evening he took Roy to task more seriously than he had ever done before, and not a little to that young officer's amazement. ••You know, Boy," he began, "that ever since our father's death it has devolved upon me—being so very much your senior—to take his place towards you." "Quite right, old fellow," assented Roy"and a deuced good step-father you've been." , _ , . "Thank you, Roy, said Hubert simplv- " At all events I have endeavored to do my best. Now. I want you to bear in mind the semi-paternal character of my relations towards you, because otheiv vise you might consider the subject I want to discuss with you to-night to be no business of mine. I refer, of course, to your position withjrespect to Edith." "I don't see much use, anyhow,-In discussing that matter," remarked Boy, a little impatiently. "Her father has aimply - - forbidden " me the " house, • Did she not tell you 1" Yes, she showed me your letter; but I afterwards had a talk with Sir Philip, with tbe result that lie has entirely, altered bis views. He has now not the smallest objection to you as a prospective son in-law. "And, pray, how did you efieotthis sudden conversion I" asked Roy, in great surprise. "He was barely civil to me yesterday." ' Well, his sole objection to you arose from bis belief that you could not afford to main* 3 "" a wife suitably. I disabused his mind of this erroneous belief, that all." Erroneous!" repeated Roy, in utter bewilderment. " Why, you know perfectly well that I have only £200 a-year of my own, and that ray pay doesn't cover the mess-bills. Where does the error come in f ' „ „ ,, "HI tell yon. Ther i is—well, call it trust-fund, if you like, by which you will benefit to the extent of about £800 a- year, together with s lump eum of £10,000, upon yonr marriage.'' •> How on earth did you find out this! It's the firat.tVe.heard of it." <• (fever mind how I found itout»"aaid Hubert, drily. - Suffice itfbr yon*bat it isafa4,«n& that I have oon vinoed fiir Philip of ita reality." , t Ruv stared at his brother for sonj e time as though be doubted the «vid^noe oFfeis^wntara.*' Is thiireaUy thafaifiy Bert VI be asked presently—"„IJp<m your "wold!" 1 "Oponmy word it it," was tie wfeJy. #•80 won *s yonr marriage with Edinj Caledup la definitely at once be taken to plaoe you ^ possession of both income M& I choold *amti<« ^tfiat.-Mfihe dt10,000 is intended for settlement upon yonr wife." "It's tbe most extraordinary thing X ever hoard of I" exclaimed Boy. " And you are as mysterious about it as a sphinx. However, the point seems to be that, so for as securing the money is concerned, the sooner I get married the better, eh T" "That is so,** assented Hubert; "if, indeed, you regard it as the principal point. Some time must, however, necessarily elapse before you could well ask Edith to many you.' "1 should rather think so," rejoined Boy, emphatically. *** She won't be ab'e to get about properly for months, and as for her hair— *' Boy I" interrupted his brother, almost angrily • " Vou are an ass 1 What on earth has the length of her hair to -do with her getting married f" " Oh. nothing I" returned Boy, somewhat nettled in his turn. 44 1 suppose a gill can always get through the ceremony provided die has a tongue left; but I confess I should like to see Edith looking something like her former self before she faces tbe parson." " Weil, you two must arnnge that between yon. You will hear from the solicitors to the trust in about a month's time; meanwhile, aee Edith as often as u reasonably can—your visits will cheer C r up. Of course, you'll stsy the fort- < night now?" " Can't, old fellow 1 Find I must be in; town within three days at the latest." Hubert bade his brother good-night abruptly, and left him. " He cants nothing for her now," he muttered to bimstftf wearily, "And she loves him. How will it all end r* Boy was a 'daily visitor at tbe Abbey during the three days to which lie had curtailed his stay at Thorwold; and, in his interviews with Edith, something of the former lover- like tone had revived. Something, but not everything. He bad found it extremely easy mnd pleasant, in the old days, to make love to a pretty Tirl radiant with health and high spirits. From lawn tennis and cycling down to surreptitiously "larking" a four-year-old over a fonoe, abe bad ever been eager to share, so far as might be, in his amusements and sports. Mow sbe was but a shadow of her former self —her exuberant gaiety was all gone, and sbe coall hardly walk fifty yards unaided. He was genuinely sorry for her, and was as kind to her as he knew how to be ; but he was no more the same Boy than she was the same Edith. He told himself, and all but told her, that it was hard lines for them both a!ie should have met with this misnap, whish debarred them from sharing their old pastimes. It did not occur to him to mask his own disappointment and to encourage her by talking cheerily of the future, it was not in him. He was merely an easy-going, shallow young fellow* who lived entirely for the present. Love has keen eyes for some things, and Edith noted every detail of the change that bad come over him; but she was more concerned in finding excuses for him. It was only natural, she told herself, that he should find her Bociety less attractive than formerly ; indeed, it was very land and good of him to give her so much of his time. At bis age he could not be expected to display tbe ;entle, watchful tact so characteristic of Hubert. She would soon be well and strong again, and then things would be exactly as they had been before between them. And so BDV, still feeling himself somehow ill-used, returned to Lond in without opening his lips to Edith upon the subject of a formal engagement " I shall come down to Thorwold for three weeks or a month at Christmas," he told her, "and by that time you will be quite yourself aeain." "At Christmas 1"* she echoed .wonderingly. " That's a long way off yet Shall I not aee you again until Christinas !" •Oh! I daresay I shall marage to run down occasionally for a couple of days shooting," he answered," but it's not so easy to get leave of absence as people imagine. Your brother talks of quitting the service, and. by Jove! I've a good mind to follow Ins example. Good-bye, dear. Make haste to get strong and well again —for my sake," he added with a flickering gleam of tbe old love. " HI try hard—for your sake, Roy," •he assented, with a trace of a sob in her voice. " Good-bye. Give my love to Reggie, and tell him that everything is sure to come right in the end. Good-bye again, Boy." To his brother's thinly-veiled questions ha replied, as little evasively as possible, that everything would be settled between Edith and himself when she got a little better; and, with this somewhat vague assurance, Hubert had to remain content; and, indeed, ao long as Edith could look forward to the future hopefully, he was satisfied. CHAPTER XII. KEEK FLAYS AN AWKWARD BIKS. After the preliminary skirmish. Sir Philip and Krek contrived to hit it off fairly well in their subsequent intercourse, both of them probably realising that there was nothing whatever to be gained by further bickerings. Krek aired his guna and his golf- sticks about the demesne, occasionally blowing a grazing rabbit to pieces and distinguishing himself, upon at least one occasion, by riddling an aged hen- pheasant (which be surprised roosting npon a bough) a fall month before pheasant shooting had commenced J These sportsman-like feats he varied by making copious entries in a note-book concerning crops and timber—an excuse, most probably, to justify his continued stay at tbe Abbey. He kept a very keen eye upon all that went on around him, and appeared to be specially interested in the comings and goings of the two Ainsleighs. Sir Philip had promised Hubert to treat his communication as confidential, but Krek somehow contrived to pump it out of him. "A queer story that, about the truatfunds," he remarked musingly, " very ineer; but as the elder brother guarantees lie money to bo all right, we must suppose Ifa true. Here's no end to tbe vagaries of some testators; for instance, my •• [ thought you told me be died intestate f pot in S i r _ " So be ' assented Krek hastily— *' So be did ; bat I remember him saying —however, that's neither here nor there. This young Ainsleigh is no great catch after alL" ; Pretty fair, es times -go," said the baronet, " espedaUy as bis brother is not likely to marry, and he comes next in You know best, of course," rejoined tbe Jew. '" but it eeems to me that, if I bad » daughter »nd»«Mpegraoe eon, tfs "The daughter, ehf repeated Sir Philip in eome Surprise.- " etange to iay that never occurred to me before. "Of course "it's merely a wiggesbon. offered with all due deferens." explained Krek M meddy»s b» could; "but if youixime to thl^ of it, rich men are for iiore plentiful than heiresses, and lota of ti&amddpay; fcandsomely to secure a tmuifal wifo, #nd« haronet»» father- ^ I d ^ w y you drawled Sir Philip reflectively, "»aa flis^idWt *ran engaged ye^_ «iybow. Wtob, •f^pg Inteijreted into {lain jaignsh. meant that he by no means regarded bis compact with Hubert Ainsleigh as irrevocable ahould a more eligible suitor than Boy subsequently appear upon the scene. What, after all, would he—Sir Philip—benefit by Edith's marriage with Roy? She would be fairly well provided for, but such provisiop would avail nothing to redeem the Caledon Abbey estates. Tbe Jew's suggestion was, he thought, an extremely sensible one. Krek saw that the seed had taken root, and was quite satisfied. Once the egotistical baronet grew familiar with the idea of reaping personal benefit from his daughter's marriage, he was not likely to be over-fastidious about the social standing or appearance of his saviour-in-law. " If fairly driven into a comer," thongbt Krek, " he would sell her to old Nick to save himself." Meanwhile Krek raised himself considerably in Sir Philip's estimation by announcing that he was satisfied with what he had seen of the hitherto unencumbered lauds, and was prepared to condude the business without farther delay. Sir Philip need only accompany him to the office of Mr Nathaniel Dyson, sign the necessary bonds, and receive the £11,000. " I regret," he added, with a sour leer, "that I have not bad an opportunity of paying my respects to her ladyship or to Miss Caledon, but—" Oh, as to that, make your mind quite easy," laughed his host. "To tell you the truth, my wife refuses to return to the Abbey so long as you're here." " Very considerate of her ladyship, indeed I" snarled Krek. " Whilst, as for Edith," continued Sir Philip, "she assured me no later than this morning, that she was sure she would have a relapse if die aaw you. You're a wonderful financier, Krek, but, you see, j^ou're not exactly a ladies' man. Ha,ha. ' Ha, ha, ha V' chorussed Krek, "but in a tone of such concentrated, fiendish malignity, that the baronet absolutely recoiled a few steps from him. "As you say, I'm not exactly a ladies' man ; they run away from me, tbe pretty dears—they always did. But sometimes I overtake them, and then—Oh,how I pet them and love them 1 Bless them 1" Sir Philip shrugged his shoulders. What a vampire I" be muttered to himself. " All dwarfs are alike, I suppose." But vampire or no vampire, Krek had his uses; nor did Sir Philip disdain to travel with him next day to- London to receive the promised money. That once safely lodged in his bask, he favored the lender w.th the curtest of farewell nods. By-bye, Krek," he said airily. "We shall meet again I daresay one of these days." " I hope so, Sir Philip," replied the Jew with grim earnestness. "Iquite live in the hope of meeting you again." The baronet looked at him keenly, as though half- suspecting Bome covert insolence or menace in the words; then he turned upon his heel and left him without further comment. Now then, Nat," said Krek to the lawyer when they were alone, " what is the strength of that postscript in your letter about those other mortgage bonds ? Nothing wrong, is there ?" " Well, I don't like to speak too positively, and I certainly don't want to snake you feel uneasy without cause, but I'm afraid there is something wrong," was the replf- Out with it, man f' exclaimed Krek irritably. " What is it!" " Why, so for as 1 can make out- -after very careful inquiry—it would seem that the entail upon the lands known as Hillside and the Home Farm was never barred," exclaimed Dyson. " There is no doubt as to the intention, both on his father's part and his own, to bar these entails like the rest; but by some oversight, this intention was never actually carried into effect. No suspicion of this mistake has ever arisen ; but the CO rise quence is that about £46,000 worth of the mortgages are really only valid during Sir Philip's lifetime." " It's a lie 1" Krek almost yelled. Do you suppose my father was the sort of •»«" to mistake a life interest for freehold! It's a glaring stupid lie, I tell you I" " Your father purchased these bonds from old Levi," persisted Dyson, "never suspecting why the latter was so anxious to get rid of them, although no doubt the old fov had discovered the flaw. Besides, may tell you that your father, to my knowledge was unaccountably careless— reckless almost—in his anxiety to secure all the mortgages upon the Caledon estates. However, be all this as it may, I can only assure you that, to the best of my belief, tbe thing is as I say. Make your own inquiries and satisfy yourself ; but, for your own sake, be careful the secret doesa't leak oat. It may be pos- sible to pass'these bonds on to someone else" Krek well knew that Nathaniel Dyson was tbe last person in the world to be mistaken upon a point like this, and his blood fairly simmered in his veins as he reflected npon the consequences to himself. The one ray of comfort he could discern was that neither Sir Philip nor Reggie Caledon had the faintest suspicion of this flaw in his claims; and his plain course was to rectify this flaw before it should be discovered. This idea, after a copious preliminary of snarling lamentations, he communicated to Dyson. Yes," assented tbe lawyer, " that, of course would be the best way out of the dif&culty;, if it can be managed. You would have to persuade Sir Philip upon some clever pretext or another, to bar the entails over again—or rather, to carry out the original' intention of barring these two." Leave that to me," said Krek, with savage scowl. " Hell be glad enough to do what I tell him before I've done with him 1 Aye, and so will she too," be muttered, *' although I'm not exactly a ladies' man, and would frighten her into a fit if die saw me." •< I didn't quite catch tbe last part of your remark, suggested DyBon. It wasn't meant for you to catch,' snarled his amiable client. " You can hear me fast enough when I want you to. Anything fresh about Captain Caledon 1" " Nothing, except that I hear he is about to resign bis commission There has been some talk, it seems, about the high play that goes on at his plaoe at St John's Wood, and the report reached his •olonel's ears." " That s good," said Krek, with a grunt of satisfaction. " How much of bis paper do we hold? Did you manage that ?" "Yea, I got. £600 worth of his dishonored acceptances at 25 per cent discount." : "Very well. Pat them into Aa»n< eon's hands, and tell hiin toputtbesorew on tightr-without letting my name appear inthematter, of bourse" " l. understand,** rejoined Dyspi grinning. ' "Anything ebel* "No, exc^tthbae ttems on thB list gave you." , ** Oh, by the way, old JufUth has been tomi'lun'lKi^ial times, inquiring for jrnra. Refused to state her business, ex- %ept that «t Was important to ..you, and oaDoemelia woman you jenew." SvVConfocnd her;- and her woman!" growled Krek. "With all my heart 1" assented the lawyer laughing. "I don't want them round here I can assure you." Muttering some indistinct malediction upon the entire sex, Krek took his departure, hailed*a cab, and bade the man drive to Shoreditch. He fonnd Judith Marks at home in the Mildew Lane tenement-house, engaged in the innocent occupation of frying herself a bloater, the pungent odour of which delicacy BO irritated his abnormal nasal organ that he was seized with a violent fit of sneezing. It do shmell a bit strong," she remarked apologetically, " but it vas tasty, and it vas cheap." "Throw the beastly thing out 1" roared Krek, in an interval of his gwroxym. " It would poison a skunk!" Then, seeing her hesitate, he seized the ftying-pan and buried the offending fish through the open widow, with a fine disregard of possible wayfarers in the lane below. " And now," he said, lighting an antidotal cigar, " tell me what the deuce you mean by hunting me up all over the West End. More blackmail, you old harpy J " I blackmail you, Master Simeon t" she quavered, gazing ruefully at the empty frying-pan. "You knows veil I vouldn't do no such dings. I vanted to see you to vara you ag""** dat voman Peggy Higgins, dat vas alL She ish a did —a low lyin' dief 1" "Of course she is," growled Krek, and yon're another. You made it up between you to bleed me, and now i suppose you've fallen out about division of the plunder—thieves always do. But what's that to do with me ! " Judith was somewhat taken aback by this specimen of Krek's insight. Of what use trying to pose as the "honest broker," with those malignant green eyes reading her every thought t " I see it is no use trying to play dark mit you. Master Simeon," she said, with a leer intended to express admiration of his acuteness. "Peggy promised me half of de money, for solong as you continued to pay it. After you left us, she laughed at me and told me I vas an old idiot to believe she was in earnest" "So you were," assented Krek; worse idiot than I thought you were." " Peggy has gone to Bristol," continued Judith, " and von't have nodhigs more to do mit me. She dinks die has got rid of me, and can live like a lady mit her £20 a month. But I vants mine share and I mean ta have it" Get it then," snarled Krek. " Fight it out between you. I wish to goodness you'd kill one another and leave me alone." How can I get mine share, if you give it all to her ? " protested the old woman. "For de future. Master Simeon, you must give her half and me de oder half. Dat ish fair." Is it t" he sneered. " Why must I give you half, you old cat, eh I" "Because I have a tongue as well as she." was tbe quick retort Krek glanced at her as though he fdt strongly tempted to strangle her and so silence her tongue for ever. There was obvious truth in her assertion, and die could if she chose expose him almost as well as his wife. Then he reflected that Peggy would certainly refuse to accept half the stipulated allowance, and this meant that he would have to provide a separate allowance for the old woman. Even then he would nefer fed really safe; either of them might at any moment betray him in a fit of temper or drunkenness. Finally, he had made up his mind already that, so soon as his plans were fully ripe for execution, his wife must, by some means or other, be removed from bis path. Why not now just as well as later on i Old Judith, properly urged, would stick at nothing in her greed for gold. " I'm off 1" he snapped out curtly, putting on his hat " I'm going to take out a warrant for your arrest" " Mine arrest Master Simeon I" echoed Judith in alarm. " Vat for > " " You know well enough." he snarled. " Attempting to extort money by threats — blackmail. You and Peggy may aay and do yonr worst I'll get you seven yens apiece. His resolute tone and manner cowed Judith at once. She quite believed that he could (if be were willing to face tbe exposure) do as he threatened. At all events, however it might fare with his wife, she herself would assuredly suffer. " You dvays vas so hasty. Master Simeon," she whined, hooking a shrivelled hand npon his arm to detain him. " Vat for you flies at me like dis ven I only vants to get mine fair share of de money f" " I'll stand no more of your rascally plotting," he answered savagely; " understand that once for alL I agreed, with yonr approval, to pay this woman £20 a month. I am doing so, but I'll pay no more." Then, fixing his hard pitiless eyes upon the old woman's face, he added in a hoarse whisper: " I'd give £500, in golden sovereigns, to know for certain that she was dead I" Judith understood him instantly, and a look came over her withered coun tenance that almost matched the expres. sion of his. '* She don't deserve to be let live," she croaked. " She thought it tare sport to rob and laugh at de old voman vat did de business for her. Five hundred golden sovereigns, you add, Master Simeon S " "Yes," he assented, watching her keenly. " Do you mean to earn them 1" " I do I S'help me, I do I " die almost hissed in his ear. " Give me some earnestmoney. Bristol ish a long vays off and de job may require time." Krek saw that abe was in deadly earnest, and counted ten sovereigns into her eager hand. " There are four hundred and ninfy mote waiting for you," he sddcoolly. "But mind—I must have positive proof die's dead 1" " You shall have it," croaked Judith, "if Peggy isn't poison-proof." "Confound you 1" raved Krek. "Keep yonr plans entirely to yourself!" "Quite right, Master Simeon," mum bled the hag, showing her toothless gums —"You vas quite right You knows nodings, except dat you vants to provide for your fader's old servant now dat ehe ish past voik. Dat Vas dl, Master Simeon, bless you 1" He had cursed her and she now blessed him; but the Beeording Angel probably entered both 'invocations in the same (2b if Contiiuud) Much of a man's success and usefulness depends upon the degree to which he studies the present moment, and so contrives that his power and its power dull work together and in the same direction. Though the past demands our reverence, and tb future our faith, we cannot live in either of them. It is here and now that we must act, if at. all ; therefore let us embrace the . present momehtj' do the work that lies nearest to "na, drive to understand our feUow : menj ,f to discover their moral smd intellectod atmoepbere, sund to supply, aooording to their needs and our AQities, something "which will promote their present widfuferewdf The whsle is bdievedbyvomei naturalists to have been W ^ l l r * ?«& animal, and to have fled to .the water for safety. Probably, when. fmi&KiJie; married a .talkativB: hippopb^mus^Sand an awaytoaeabeoauseheoouldtftgetaquiet flKHHBIPttft H"" 0 ** • /•• 