VUR STORY. JEAN THE FINDER. By Anna T. Sadlier in the "Ave Maria.-"): He was known not only at the N mountain village but throughout the surrounding country as Jean the Finder. And it alvyays puzzled strangers no little to hear him spoken or at the post-omce, the saw-mill, or the general shop (which, with the grist-mill, were the great emporiums of gossip) by this mysterious title — rendered the more mysterious by signs and words, aud. a general air of not caring to say tdtf much on the subject. " Who is this Jean the Finder ?" ' I put the question to Madame Dery at the shop. She leaned thoughtfully upon . the counter, depositing, her knitting upon a great cheese- — a. .historic cheese;, for had it not been made at the neighbouring cheese factory of Ste Marie, and taken a prize at a fair once held at Rougemont ? " Oh, for that matter," she answered, " we do not know who he is, where he has come from — nothing at' all." " What is his occupation ?" " He is always on the road." " On the road ! But how does he live ?" " He finds." " Finds !" I exclaimed, knocking down in my astonishment several boxes of new honey which had. come in that morning from M. Lano's beehives, but which were, fortunately, securely fastened. Conversation became impossible until I had, with uiany apologies for my awkwardness, . assisted Madame Dery to repair the acci dent. The honey once replaced, good Madame Dery resumed her con fidential, not to say mysterious attitude. In common with the other people of the mountain, she seemed to take a certain pride it) the curiosity aroused by tbe enig matical character of. this man, and did her best to maiutain it. It was a wild November night. Only that my lodging was but a step away, I had not dared to be out of doors, for fear of being snow-bound. Already a recent flurry of soft suow had powdered the pines on the mountain, and they stood up sharp and erect from the white ground between, defying the bitterness of fate. " Save us !" cried Madame Dei y, crossing herself, as a blast louder than the rest came howling down from rhe mountain, and ended in a prolonged wailing sound, as though it sought a restingTplace. " Aud it is the Month of the Dead, you understand. I don't say any thing, but this very Jean of whom you speak could tell a good deal — if ouly. he would open his lips. I myself heard him say once that there were ghosts, and he is the one to see them. For you must know that he walks early and late, from dawn to dark ; and when there is moonlight, all the night i long. And some bits of the way are lonely enough. Ohj if he would only talk, that Jean, you would hear !" Madame Dery's comely face took on a pleasant, practical expression, as she hailed various incomers. " A half pound of sugar for you, Madame Groulet, and two candles ? Yes, yes! And there is Mere Martin out on such a night, and for wool — is it not for wool ?" The bent figure of the little old woman drew closer as the bead like eyes, peering out from masses of wrinkles, inspected the wares offered her. \- " Oh, yes, Mere Martin ! Blue wool — the self-same shade of your sample. Is it not so ? — Good- evening, Madame Bourgeois!, good-evening ! .And you want a tin pail, a quarter pound tea ? in what honour — is anybody sick among yon ? And socks ? . What ! Does Joe wear bought socks ? Ah! I had forgotten : it is that your baud is burned and you can- uot knit." When Madame Bourgeois' sub stantial figure had vanished, the shopwoman followed it into the darkness with her eyes, and with the remark, which had been mali cious but for the smile which ac companied it : " It was she that was long in marrying. She was an old maid, no doubt ; and to get such a hand some husband — aud well off, too, that Joe." But I brought her back some what abruptly to the more interest ing and less familiar story of Jean the Finder." "Poor Jean!" she said; "he has not long to go now ; his trade is nearly over. In winter nothing, and that's what I aaid to Mousieur le Cure wheu he wanted to marry him to Adeline Bouchard. The poor Adeline would be glad, for it is a despaired of case. She is the only one of his parishiouers that the Cure cannot get married — except those who weut to serve the good God in the Convent at Langueil; five of them from the mountain. So this dear Cure, who has the heart of a fathei, aud grieves that he cannot have anyone to take this Adeline, thought of Jean." "Well, you were going to tell me about this Jean." . Madame Dery put her finger to her lips as a shadow darkened the doorway; the bell clauged vvarn- ingly, aud the door opened. Presently a tall man in a shaggy coat stood there. "I thought it was he," said Madame Dery, ' apparently re lieved, and I feared much that he had heard us speaking of him and of Adeline. I assure you wher 