A FATAL MISTAiKE, OR MARRIED IN HASTE. E By- the author of "Shira," "Weeds and 1 Flowers," etc., OHAPTER XXIII.-(Cohtinued.) Before the .termination, of the farce or burletta, Ccrdxle, 'vithout asking whether 'the other would accompany 'W;m, left tihe box, tok keep. his appoint ment with Omi. Cyrus waited awvhile irresolute. The curtain head fallen. He ,waSted till it did so; :thle l he, ,o00o, quitted his sett, ,and going round the lobby, met one of ??23 officers. "I don't know the manager," he' salid, ",and have not ithe entree. Will you talke me behind the scenes?" "Just going there myself," was the reaoin.der. "Glad. you're a decided 1 wonman-hiater, or you'd distance some of us with the fair ClMai Glenwooad. She's your attraction, of course?" "S:he? 'ibie girl'b well enough; no thring ito be made such, a fuss about. I rather admire that other." "What! the 'fat, fair, and fortv' mnuan?t ? You blase men, always ad mire womren likei her. No accounting for t,-aste." There ,was more in Cyrus's mind about Cni itb.hat he carreld io 'admit, or he cwo'ld not ?i:ava troubled -himself tL disgua.is this thought:s, and mislead l-aja:." Cri ve st-oad ,patiently lesaning -,2.inst a. win:g until the piece should ba over. T'he-- cu'?tal fell. Omi, all anxiety, was -huiryi'ng toward' 'him; but the never- saitisfied public, .when, anyone plciEas': it, 'insisted up-on ti?n- coming fcnward to' be stared 'ai. acgain, and ovcrwivh'almed with' bouque?ls and np n'. ae'ae. At length shle cscape'd, and sh:aking off Wa~ler, who, was filled with delight at hlae' success, and longin'g to tell her so, she hbs.teune'd towa rdivs: e .re major. Poor' Walter! women, even, are cruel wvlh.en tlhey love. Tlhe most gentle, who would not crush a worm, stride rtcklcssly over ithe 'heailt .aching for a word of kindness. Perfectly unucacscic-us c.f the pain .*.af w:s infl''eting upon WValter, blind to hi s affecticaate. anxiety and dread rb:out her, Omi ran up, in child-li'ke conifrdenaee, to Miajor Creowe, while Waltar, -no, longer acting, stood sadly ait a. distance--pocr' Peter Spike, mourn ing over Gertrude's pervers'tty and in difference. "Then you naever- 'es a p?aper? asked the major, in 'contin'altion. off his con vers-ati'on, and expl-aautions. "But seald'cun. I 'have little time, ex cci-t for study." "And you did not -heae"r .or see any thing of the trial between Lord Teraves and thlis cousins for the title?" "No, -not ai word; but hlhow good of 'Mr. Gage to let 'himn retain it so long! Why did 'he at last demanid the destitu a tioau,?" Th-e major lau'gh-ed. "OCf course, as in silal mischief, -there was\ a; woman at the bottom of it." It will be imagined that every word uttered by sher, every movemenit of her cou'?,tnc'rance, .was su.bjected to the closets scrutiny by the other. At the last words ftf the major, Omi coloured, even through the necessary rouge, little as possible thouigh it was. "A lady! Do you know ther name?" "Don't t)hink," hte said, in reply, "that I anm betraying confidence reposed in me. I would nct do so, to? I want you to trust me. I am merely telling you what the palpers told everyone who chose to read thean The strangest tale imaginable, and still 'a mystery to all. Geoffery Gilbert, thlen called Viscount Tra?ves, was engaged to Miss Letchington- " "Adela!" exclaimeld GOmi, in amaze ment. "WWIhat, yen, knowV her also.? How?" Omi saw th "e mistake she .had made, and blundered forth "I have 'heard something of it, but not all." The most extraordinary idea rush-ed through thel major's mind. "She must .have been 'a companion, peirblers no' more than lady's maid, to someone connected with the family of Letchingttai." A mement's reflection to-ld him, as he losoked 'ant Iher', ,that a girl of her appeararance, education, ?'lnd manners, could not 'have been. a laldy's maid that mct:t unladylike class of women, s-o prompt in oa~ricaturing their em ployers; but htis mind felt less per pleixed; "C-lari Greenwood" ti'las- pcob ably in reality a Mary Jones, w?ho had bean in? a subordinate position in some family of r n-k. "I'11 so-und Traves on the subject," he tho.ught, and continuesd aloud "Well, the visconat, 'as all supposed him, was engaged t'o, Miss Letdhlingtlon, the wedding day fixed, when lo! I up stats Mr. Gage, thte viscount's cousin, and actu.ally claims the lady -as his wife. YEo may 'well look ,armnazed; he followed it slp( even at the altar- " "Is Miss Letchington' married ?" eagerly interrupted Omi, too much in terested 'to be ea?utious. A fixed plan of suprise in his mind, the 'major merely replied quietly "She is." He did Inot appear ctl notice the deep sigh of relief brelaahied by Omui, neither Sthl bright .lookl illuminmting lier ,whole countenance. "She is," said ,tfhe major; "but it was not withiout d'ifficuty she accomplished ,the act, for at thle altar Cyrus Gage claimed ,her as his wife, soma sAd night marriage alleged-" "Would such a marriage be legal?" eagerly interrupted OmI. "I suppose so., 'i legally performed; but such a thing never took place," whispered the major. "There 'was all sufficient procf ,produced thlat Miss .Lct'.:lington had been with her dying mother the very day of the allered marriage. However, Gage persisted in claiming the lady, who as firmly and indignantly repudiated his assertion of ri'ghts. She was married to, the vis count, and 'he attempted to. take out a droree of lunacy against this cousin, Wllo retorted, by 'jiroving the supposed viscount illegitimate, and only holding the title for family reasons on suffer ance---" "Where is Miss Leitchin?ton now?" anxicously asked Omi. "In Paris, I believe-certainly living abroad as 'Mrs. Gilbert, with her hus band." Again ,the major heard the mysterious sig?ht lof relief. "And," thd continued, "blhis is wihy Cyrus Gage has become Viscount Traves. And, now, w'ho. are you? You know all 'the persons 'of whom I have spokden mlell. Who are you.?" I'll 'ask Traves." He suddenly griasped her hand, as he uthtered these words. St.artled beyond measure at his words, for Shle was quite unconscious cf how rmuch she lrad betrayed herself in her eagerness to learn all, still more alarmed at 'his threat, Omi cried "N'ot ito 'him; for mercy's sake don.'t tell )h'im, or speak 'of .this!" "Thlen you? know Traves, an.d love 'him. You twvo )have met before, and -he 'hlas tricked .me." "I declare t0 you I have not, Crewes," said a quiet voice behind him, which made the major turn 'hastily, while Om,i uttered -a cry, as ,'sihe' gazed almost in terror at the viscount, fearing he ,had heard all. "'Poan .my life," laughed Cyrus, ,araseid at the sensation his arrival 'had created, and only , alving 'heard the Ist -words of accusation against Omi, "one would 'tOink I was t:he ghost of some dreadful deed hiaunting you bcth. Miss Greenlwtlod, I am sorry our meet ings should ever be so sensational, i-n an. unpleasant way; the first time you woera' faint and ill, anad ni'ow your are sbaa:led, pale, an'd trembling." lv-en the poor girl's lips were quiver inpg perceptibly, while C:rewe, perfectly silent, was loo'king, from one. to. tihe o'Je-?r. "Don't look at me as if I were an arnon'ym:c3 us letter, as the witty D'e Musseit says," continued Cyrus, ad dreassing the mlajor. "Is anything the matter with .me? Have I turn:ed blue? Amnt I a chameleon, of changeable colour, startling to, behold?" "Traves," said the major, :seriously, "will you ans)wver me truly one ques tion.?" "I will; but don't look so graive about it; -can't you see you'vre terrifying our fanir friend by your solemnity out of place?" "Not out of place. I acm perplexed beyond measure, Trasves. Do your- did you ever -meet Miss Glenwood, by such, or any oither name, before I in troduced you?" In an instant Cyrus was quiet and serious. "In asking sudh;: a thing," he said, "I am sure you 'o(erldook the fact, as a gentleman and mian of feeling, that you are insulting this young lady by supposing her a party to some secret deception betWeen us, of which I am sure she is -as inoapable as I am. I feel too proud to be honoured by her acquaintance n"dw ever to have even tacitly denied it omne modment." He thougiht as he said this, that never .had ,he seen more beautiful eyes than those which, looking up timidly at him, thianked him fair better than any words could have done. "Pray do not feel annoyed, my lord," said Omi. "I am sure Mador Crewe is ,too good and kind to pain, far less in sult any one. It is all my fault. He is punishing my curiosity." "Heaven f.orbid I should hurt a lady's feelings!" anmswered the major; "and I can say 'no more. I am perplexed, that's all. And I trust Miss Glenwood will ex-cude my awkward mode of striv ing to 'set myself land my mind clear." "You have said no?hinig to offend m'e," was the reply. "When a )huntsman gets thrown into a thickseit ihedge, the only thing to be done is, to scramble out of it the beat way Ihie can; and, as Miss Gleawood pardons me, that?'s what I must do," ani~svered the m:ajor. "But I feel I've got scratdhed for my pains." "Oh, yo-u knocw," responded Cyrus, good-~humouredl~y, "that too new or fine a bit of 'pink' anmoys a hunter. Never m:ind a rent of two, or a torn face, it looks like business. We know, don't we, Miss Gdlen?vood, that Arthur Creawe meant well, however1 he expressed hdm self?" And tlhus it 'as that, from accusa tion, apotelogy, excuses, and all good natured giving and taking, Omi found herself in the "slips" talking freely, and -with?!ot the agitation of her first interviewv, with Cyrus Gage, and, thouagh upon her guard, in all fr'iendli ness with the more thian ever puzzled Major Crdwele. (To be continued in our next.) The weight of the house refuse:and street sweepings removed yearly from Lo:ndon aaounts to, oanes and a 'half Smillion tons. 