THE LIGHT THAT GCAST NO SHADOW. SCurious stories are told about the powers daosse d by certain natives of India, who ive`up;among the imalaya-- mountains. These old men, it is said have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus'are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather suurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I can't see to read here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply,and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by "man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth. quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough,but it cannot be verified .without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phrases of that universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia; . it cures that, and throws the light of health -and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that iL told of its success by ager witnesses. "In the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, "I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I. felt low- spirited and out of sorts. Atfirst mystomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and - after eating I had pan and weight at the cheat. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour flaid, also bitter bile. Later on I sutffered from nervousness and great dc. ,.. sion of spirits. I kept up with my :;. .-._ work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off d on I continued in this way for two " years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Sprup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; mylood digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any .confidence in this medicine, never having used it'or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Selgel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. : Grifths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Bill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." .Now that the Lenten season is in its .te-commencement, and Catholic bishops Sin their pastorals are bringing the -:question of mixed marriages forward, .*the following will be read as apropos, and will also carry a vein of humor : -"What's your religion, Sonny 1" asked the. keeper. of the Melbourne Watch House on Tuesday night of a boy who was arrested on the charge of stealing from a show case. "Arf-an-arf," promptly replied the youngster. "Now ' look here, Sonny," said the watch :: house keeper gravely, as he laid down his pen, "Don't try any of that business with me." "It's orl right, boss," replied the youngster, un ab ahed, " Mother's Scotch, and the ole man's a Jew." The watch hous .....eeperregarded 'the name of the boy, IDavid Solomons, with attention, and . admitted that it was possibly a case of arf;ian-arf," but he kept the religious column blank,. 