Some districts are rich in ghosts— plebeian ghosts, you understand. In Houndsditeli 1 came across tlie traces of two that were firmly believed in by the inhabitants of the locality. One had her home in a blind alley in a very low quarter, and chose as the place of her apparition a disused pump which stood up in the east corner. Tradition ran that in days of yore a German .Tew ordered illegal plunder near the spot, lie eamo hack from one of his frequent absences to find that his beautiful in namorata had betrayed his secrets to her Gentile lover. Blind with fury, he chased her from her home into the cor ner by the pump, where he mercilessly murdered her. From that time to the present: day, if a German.Tew takes up his abode in this alley, she can be seen on certain nights in a kneeling attitude on tlie spot where she was killed, while eerie noises are supposed to be her sobs and shrieks for help. Be this as it may, no German Tow will live there by choice I —the moment she is seen, by man, wo man, or child, be is made to take np his household goods and depart. The other spiritual celebrity of the Houndsditch region is not so methodical in his habits, and the meaning of his visits cannot be traced. Tie has uo head, and- his trunk is swatluHl in gloom rather than in any thing more distinctive. He appears at erratic intervals, and follows whom he chooses. He will follow for a long dis tance, not only into the street, but iuto your very house; and from his slouching gait he is known as the “sailor ghost." It is useless to try and put an end to his peripatetic rambles with gunpowder. You shoot through space, and—he walks ou just the same. He never overtakes you, and has an exasperating trick of vanishing if one attempts to touch him. He has left uo legend, and can be iden tities! with nothing. He may be look ing for his head, or ho may have lost ltis way in Spirit-laud. Anyhow, he is the most melancholy, unsatisfactory ghost that ever trod this earth. „ It is next to impossible to follow Hnk by link any clue, if you get hold of it: the population changes so quickly, and the inclination being to scoff at the mar vellous, details receive little attention. I only met with one ease that bad a be ginning and an cud. My informant was a local policeman, whose beat included the spot whore the haunted house had stood. The locale was Spitalflelds, and the dwelling two-storeyed and tumble down. Formerly it had been a tavern, but as newer ones sprang up in.the vi cinity it became what would be called now a shelter for tramps. At the top of the house was a garret, which, as the roof let in the rain, was only used when there was an overflow of guests. Gradually it came to be whispered that the garret was haunted. Sleepers there were reticent about what they saw ex actly, but, coming down with bloodshot eyes and haggard face, refused to spend another night at any cost in the same quarters. At length two bold and roy stering fellows undertook to pierce the mystery. Provided with plenty of liquor and a revolver each, they mer rily started their night's watch. Iu the morning oue was found in a fit, while the other had a wondrous taie to tell of a. creature, half woman half ape, that came at midnight poking and peering about the floor as if iu search of some thing. Their description of the weird figure, with it hairless head and skinny claws, was uncanny indeed, and from that night the'chamber was shunned by the inmates, even, with a shrinking ter ror. As the tale was repeated, custom gradually failed, and the house changed owners. The new proprietor was of up to-date ideas, and logically concluded that if the creature was in search of something, there was something to be found. With inagination full of a hid den treasure he waited for her appear ance, and was found at dawn stretched on the hearth, dead, with oue long red hair twined round his left hand. That finished the house; its reputation be came such that it bad to be pulled down, and in digging foundations for the present erection, a copper vessel was found containing coins and a clie velure of red-gold hair! Even more ghastly is the bile attach ed to a cortan court, where an old woman once lived who received babies that nobody owned. It was an under stood thing that they were to die or dis appear within a given time. Her infa mous trade prospered almost to incon venience, for it became difficult to dis pose of the infants so quickly without exciting suspicion. So she conceived the fiendish idea of setting fire to her house, aud getting rid of a. batch at once. The plan succeeded. The house was burned, the children too; and the criminal vauished, no doubt to continue her crimes somewhere else. But to this day, so it is asserted, on the anniver sary the cries of those babies can be heard far and near by those gifted with an occult sense; aud I have questioned many who are firm iu their testimony that they have heard the sounds them selves, though when pressed they own that they could not swear as to chil dren crying—it was more like a smoth ered ehoke.—“Casseirs Saturday Jour nal.” 