[?] Tho Australian selectors are Messrs. J. Darling, S. E. Gregory, and Hugh Trumblc. They are expected to select seven certain ties. t-y Now Tear's Day, ana the seven will then '? -soloist tho manager, who will, ot course, bo tho gallant Major Wardill. Tho ? eoven cortalntles will no Qoubt bo picked ' from tho following' eight, viz.: Darling, 11111, Jones, Gregory,, Kelly, Noble, Trum ' ble, and M'Leod. . '.'?'? , A shocking fatality was reported on No Tember 7 from tho mountains of North An trim,' wlie'ro a youth named' M'Intyro has lost his life. 4 On Friday ho went^ out shooting wild goeso with two dogs, aud.at night ono of tho dogs returned, barking furiously.; Search was inade, and on Mon day morning , the youth's .body, guarded by the second dog; was found, the. boy's head having been blown bfl1 by tho gun. - Tho dog was In a stato of exhaustion, and: had evidently stayed by tho body -for 'almost four days without food. . Tho gun had gone off wlillo tho deceased was loading it. . . T.hls is from tho pan- ot a well-known London critic;— 'iani; sorry- to find that '; tlm suggestive song hasof lute 'again been creeping in at the halls, and I am sorrier tofflnd 'that sorco of the worst offender:) in -this respect are artiste who ought to liuow bolter. But why do; tho managers allow thoso conga/ to bo sung at.tboir estab Jishnicnts? H is a mistaken policy, of ? that I am confident. 1 shall mention no jinnies in this direction at present, but I Siav'e ono or two on my black list.' .?'. V A curloua episode Is reported from Ire , Sand. Two cyclists were slopped by. a po '?'? Ilcoinaii, and accuoe'd of riding on the foot-, path. They denied having done so, 'and ro Jused their addresses, demanding that tho constable should accompany them tp the police- station and repeat tho charge thuro. Ho compiled, and tho cyclists, thereupon offered to prove their innocence If the ser 1 iiran't and tho constable would accompany tthem tack' to tho spot where the offence was alleged to 'have occurred. It so iu.p jicntfd that one of the riders was using for She first tinio a tyre with a now pattern ot non-sllppiug. tread; and the.cyollsts wore nblo-to prove that- the marks of tho tyres trorc in the road mit Tiot in tho footpath. But for this chanco they would doubtless have been fined on tho word of the consta ble. .- - Thus the London 'Iloforoo' on two old 'friends who wore at latest appearing In 'The Three Musketeers' at Brixton (Ens.) ; ''Pho nowest Miladi — Miss Gcraldino Olllffo — after some touch of indistinctness in the earlier scenes, warmed-up to her vork as the piny proceeded through its Ilvo acts. Her final scone, where sho drains tu the dregs tho cup of cold poison which Oho intended for Oabrlelle, was . poworliillyt ucted; and so was the big bed-chamber ocene— which, by tho way, has been shorn of some of its more realistic details and ',- linos.' ???? Mr.. Charles Warner was thu D'Artagnan. Of 1iini . .'the ?'. samu ' .paper, Bays:— -'As was to bo expected,1 Mr.1 ' War r--«-'^Wnptcrt--aih£lder - as-l «!0-c:lKtii?5^nE;: thod than Mr. waller 'chose (oro yet ho had to dwindle down to' tho diamond- acquiring Duke). Indcod, tho excellent but some what ebullient Charles played up the light comedy siUo for nil It. was worth, and in his hands it became worth a good deal. Moreover, in tho more ser(ou3 passages ho locked something of that determined in tensity which has helped to mako Mr. Wal ler so celebrated, yet Mr. Warner was ef fective, always excopting his make-up, Which was somewhat othorwlso.' ?'»' '??'.? ; * « ' . . The Loger day holds tho record for heat lu Doncaater, and the jockeys who had to Got off weight to ride at tho mooting had to Buffer as only jockeys can suffer — and live (writes 'To-day.') Pratt went up 'north ?weighing 7Ib more than It was necessary for Dunlop to carry, and tlioso who arc ac quainted with that horseman's tall, at tenuated figure, which does not appear to Kupport an ounce ot superfluous llesh, cau Imagine how severely ho wasted to go to ccalo at the correct weight. J. Watts was anotihor victim of tho clerk of tho scalos, ho having to get rid of 21b on tho morning of tho race. While lils more fortunate friends, attired In -the lightest of Summer garments, wore fretting about tho heat, Watts, encased in a huge overcoat, n heavy, tight-llttlng cap, and woollen gloves, was scouring tho country at. tho rate of nearly Ilvo miles an hour in order to iuduco his : 'too, too solid llcsh to melt.' Are ghost shows stago plays? Under thiR head. tho latest London 'Daily Telegraph': Bays: — 'Two cases of Interest in tho thoa . irlcal world, which raised this question, Were heard at Arundel Petty Sessions. Be fore Sir Henry Fletcher. Bart.. M.P., and other dignitaries, Stewart Braido and Her bert Wyndham, proprietors of a now com pany, now touring as a spectral opera, 'Pepper's Ghost,' and comedy company, woro summoned for acting stage plays In an. unlicensed hall at ' Llttlehampton on Oct. 21 and flyo following nights. Tho pieces presented wcro adaptations of Dickens' 'Christmas Carol,' 'Faust,' 'East Lynne,' and 'The Corsican Brothers.' Herhert Wyn'dhnm, in defence, stated that tho hull lessee wrote them to the effect that, having consulted his solicitor, he was advised that no license was required for ghost shows. Tho Bench, however, convicted, anfl impo sed a flno of £20 and costs. Henry Joseph, the hall lessco in question, who was con victed in respect of a similar otfonco at thii naino hall In November, was fined a Ilka oum for permitting stago plays to be acted there. ?. ? . _ ? . ? . ? A dispatch to the London 'Dally Mall' from St. Louis (America) runs: — 'Minnie Sollgman, tho beautiful actress, who In pri vate llfo Is Mrs. Robert Cutting, well known In Now York Society, has consented to sell a kiss by. auction at a Hebrew cha-, rUy, fair at tho Coliseum at the. end of thn month. She expects to realise a, thousand dollars: as tho result, and declares that tho kiss will be worth tho money, but that tho warmth of it will depend on the liberality and porsonallty of tho successful bidder;' This unique otter has created somo sensn tton. It la expected that tho bidding will bo exceedingly kooti.' How about Introduc ing something of this sort at the fair. In aid of tho Consupmtlvo Hospital next August? Everything helps. : 