By four votes. Two great affirmations stand good to-day by virtue of majori- i ties of four votes. The first is that the Iteid Government shall remain in office: ; tho second that— the Austral SaJonlsts have said it— manners are not deterio rating. These great affirmations, made in Sydney and Melbourne resi>cctively, are not necessarily related. albeit that it is within human ingenuity to set up a specious argument that tliey are. : And the seuptieal, who never see ghosts and do not believe in omous, will tell you that it Is merely a coincidence that In each lustonee just four votes made the effective majority. Mr Held, by a curious paradox, declared that a pro posal to enlarge Parliamentary confi dence in him was a motion of "no- conlldence." His sup|K>rters rallied, and the wilful man has his way. But for the siring four votes he might— we are not at all convinced that he would— have thought proper to relinquish office, and the charge of the federal negotia tions, to ati easily found better mail, lu the other matter— well, we would have been deeply distressed to learn from this morning's reports that for the want of four votes manners were de teriorating I If you have read carefully and fully grasped the subtleties of thu concluding sentence in the foregoing paragraph, turn uow to these things in detail. The Held Miui.stry has triumphed, as we ventured to say U would. Its followers lxeiug much more remarkable for loy alty and discipline than for Intelligence. The federal situation to-day is. there fore, precisely what it was when Mr Held submitted his famous resolutions. The Intervening time has been wasted. Jt Is now for the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales to determine what demands shall be made uj>oi» the other colonies before there can bo any federa tion address to the Queen In which the mother colony Joins. We do hope members will get on with the business of making up aud formulating their corporate mind. To be quite frank, we fear that there will l>e a long discussion. We fear complications, too, because, now that the Ministry has brought the Commonwealth Hill into the nrena of Parliamentary discussion every mem- lwr with an objection will want to improve the shining hours and seek an endorsement of his view. We fear log-rolling in the pro cess; and. dually, we fear that the Bill ins It ultimately emerges from the Legis lative cauldron will present so many new aspects to an astonished and per plexed Australia that the Idea of nego tiations will not be even entertainable by the other Governments, Of course, wo hope us well as fear; aud the main ho|>e is that nil the fears are uu- fouuded. Now, with regard to the debate on manners. It iippareotly furnished a pleasant evening for the indies of llie Austral Salon, but we should Ik? sorry to think it did no more than that. The importance of muuners we have ever lu- slstcd ujhui, and we fumy that an ex amination of our grounds will show that they are essentially utilitarian. Life Is really very short, and Its Inevit able worries sufficiently numerous, without such additions to them as are made every day by bad manners. Only to-day the Premier of the colony, speaking on an exceptionally Ill-man nered remark which iutely came from a member of the Upper House, where good manners are supposed to obtain, echoed a "Herald" observation of many years ago— that members must : not look for respect from the public if llicy cannot show respect for cnch other. It is iu the llrst degree lui|k>rtant that jH'nums should leant good manners. Now, in the Austral .Salon, perhaps, too, iu other quarters, thin may Imply only an intimate knowledge of, and rigorous adherence to, cvrtalu conventional rules. We venture to take a somewhat differ ent view. A reasonable regard for conventions Is, of course, necessary; but we hold the opinion that if folks ln thelr Intercourse with thuir neighbors trained themselves In the hubit of iuvarlubly doing what was kind and considerate, nobody would find fault with their man ners. It la not reported that any of the de baters Inst evening quoted from Mrs Hugh lleU'H article on the subject in the last received uuniber of the "Nine teenth Century." Yet It Is liurdly likely they would nil liure missed It. In this article Mrs Hell combats the some- what prevalent Idea that tiio higher manners may not be taught, that they ure a gift of nature. Very much does the writer wiy that is especially aprons of last night's discussion, but we have ooly space tills evening for one extract. It alludes to an aspect of the subject rarely presented An Ingenious investigator put forth, I am told, some time Blnco n circulnr In quiring into the cause of failure, a copy of which wus sent round to all the people who might be supposed to have good rea son to know the answer. History does not sury what were their feelings In re ceiving it. Itut, however plausibly they may have managed to explain why they hud not succeeded in doing ait that they had desired to do; wc may surmise that they, did not, in ntno cases out of ten, put their Anger 'on the real cause— namely, that of having been aflllctcd with an un lucky manner or unlucky manners, which had stood persistently In their way. They had taken, no doubt, a very great deal of trouble to learn may things that they thought would be useful to thimj. but ,thls thing that matters so very much they had left. out altogether. Wo Itaow a number of man "affiiotad with nn unlucky manner or unlucky manners," yet who have the instincts of gentlemen, and are a good deal more agreeable, take them all round,' than your polished person who docs not hesitate to wound in ornate phrases, and whose politeness Is little more than a quiver In which to keep a ready stock of arrows tipped with gall. 