A IIOIKSELESS CARRIAGE EPISODE. Aunt Jerusha had never seen or thard of the above, so she flung up the window and popped out her head with the grace and spring of a mechanical toy. ' Lawks ! Mercy sakes! Wal, I never in my life! If that don't beat the Dutch !' Aunt Jerusha's vis-a-nis at the table near the window she had uncre moniously flung up was a handsome young man, an artist, in fact, who had come to Seedrille to sketch. He took no trouble to explain himself to its villagers, but dropped as simply as possible into the simplicity of its life. ' Mrs Spearmint,' he said, mildly, ' if you will close that window my buck wheats and sausage will be much warmer.' ' Oh, but sakes alive !' she responded, ' do look quick, and never mind your buckwheats ! Ain't that the curiostest thing you ever did see in all your born days-and there ain't a shadder of a horse to it " Vilas Stanfield grew interested. He tore himself from his buckwheat cakes and projected his head from the win dow, staring down the narrow by-street on which Aunt Jerusha lived with the true Seedville stare. ' Cresar's ghost ?' ' What! Be it a ghost?' asked Aunt Jerusha, yanking in her head and look ing keenly at him, as if one or the other of them might be growing crazy. 'I might have known that no one but Miss Waterloo would have ven tured into this region with an automo bile tilbury ! That bridge will never hold her!' And seizing his hat he rushed out of the house and down the narrow elm-shaded street after the horseless carriage. ' Whatever has struck that man ?' cried Aunt Jerusha, bringing down the window with a bang, now that the show was out of sight. ' \hat did he call it ? Waterloo, was it? Wait till I go tell Susan Sparrerhawk I've seen a Water loo,' and she hurried next door with this Wellington ct Napoleonic piece of news. The news affected the Sparrehawks as it had Aunt Jerusha. They threw up the window and ejected their heads, but with no satisfactory result. Sam caught up his hat and rushed down the street after 'Mr Vilas Stanfield, who " sprung along in the wake of the auto matic tilbury at a college-acquired gait. It was a very nice vehicle, enamelled in dark green and upholstered in russet leather. In the middle of the seat, dressed in dark green and russet to match the tilbury, was a very young woman mano?uvring the motor as if her only desire was to keep her turnout at the top of its speed. Vilas Stanfield could not overtake it. He called ; he flung pebbles at it; he whistled. It splashed through the puddles, and bumped over the in equalities of the village by-road as if nothing would be allowed to stop it. In a moment it would he upon a bridge, a crumbling bit of antique architecture that Seedville had clung to as a footway long after they knew it was unable to hold even the doctor's chaise. Recent heavy rains had now all but washed away its supports. The automobile tilbury was as surely headed for an accident as any whirring express with a boulder on the tracks. He turned white and whistled again; this time the tune he and she had sung in duet, as with this same horseless tilbury they had rolled along the hard broad roads in South-west England. She still whirled on. He put his fingers to his lips and in creased the strength of the whistle. She stopped, the wheels of her car riage on the very edge of the decrepit bridge, turning white, too, but not be cause of the danger. SMir Stanfield,' she said severely, as he came up, ' may I ask what this means ?' 'Certainly,' he said, touchirg his hat. ' You can't cross the bridge. It's not safe even for foot passengers. I saw you from my boarding-house window, and I came to tell you.' 'Very kind, I'm sure,' she said, with a little toss of her russet feathers, ' but I've no wish to have you save my life a second time. We had enough of that melodrama at Bude ;' and she puts her hands on the motor handles again. He sprang forward, his eyes blazing. ' I'm in earnest, Mliss Waterloo. You must not cross that bridge, unless you want to be drowned.' 'I'm in earnest, too. I shall cross that bridge, and I won't have you save my life. The obligation of having you save it at Bude is enough.' 'Very well,' hlie replied, in a hard, crisp tone; 'I won't save it, then ; but here comes a man whom I know. Sam,' he called, 'show this lady how to get across by the other bridge,' and resuming his hat he walked rapidly back to the village. 'It's nonsense l' cried MIiss Waterloo, as soon as Vilas Stanfield was out of sight. ' Of cdurse I can go over this bridge. I have crossed two this morn ing that were quite as bad.' 'To tell the truth, now,' said Sam, slowly, 'he's about right. I wouldn't drive our cow over this bridge since the last rain. Why, it ate the mortar right out 'tween the stones. I'll show you the way 'round by the other one.' 'I haven't time,' she said, glancing down at the tiny watch chatelaine at her jacket lapel.. 'I've lost over five minutes now, and I'm racing and must get back to Steepleton as fast as I can.' And once more taking the motor, she shot across the bridge almost to the other side, when there was a waver, a crash, a collapse, and Miss Waterloo and lhr tilbury automobile disappeared with the bridge. 'I swam;' exclaimed Sam, 'I swam!' and flinging off his coat, he managed to pick and scramble his way across the stream to her rescue. 'That's right,' he called, cheerily, 'just sit quiet and I will give you a pull on to dry land. The thing wouldn't make such a bad boat if it hadn't wheels and had sides and would float ;' and he gave the tilbury a strong twitch toward shore as she gathered herself together and tottered to her feet. 'Don't do that.' she cried. 'I'm killed as it is, and it shakes so.' ' The young feller knowred, didn't hlie ? said Sam, discontinuing his jerks upn the carriage. ' Oh, yes. I suppose so. Where does he live ? Please take me to his place right away. I have no other friends about here and my arm hurts awfully,' (and in spite of her set lips she began to weep. ' Don'tcry,' said Sam, sympathetically. ' Hold on a minute, and I'll fish you out as fine as a new fiddle,' and seizing a plank, he extended it to her from the edge of the bank, and tugged, pulled, splashed, and dipped her out withit. ' Your queer buggy, or whatever it be, 'll have to wait there till I can git some of the boys to give a lift wvith it. Kin you walk ?' and he eyed his charge anxiously. "Cause it you can. I'll gallant you to Aunt Jerusha's.' ' Aunt Jerusha's ?' rYes ; that's where he stops ; it's just next door to us, an' 'twas her that came trottin' in an' told us about you scuddin' by like all possessed..and no hosses. So I grabbed my hat and came runnin' up to see the show, but I didn't plan for no such grand one as this. How are you gettin' on-can you walk ?' 'I will try to,' she said, stepping off very slowly, and catching at his arm for support. -' You don't mind allowing me your arm for a little way ? ' Oh, no; that is --' and he coughed violently as he stiffly projected his elbow 'I've gallanted girls before.' They made an odd pair for the village road. She, a draggled, tripping tailor gowned girl ; he, a cherry-cheeked Seedville swain, wriggling with surplus attempts to be gallant and to nobly do his duty, yet growing still more cherry cheeked and wrigglesome as they came' within reach of the village windows. 'There be Aunt Jerusha's right over there,' he said. ' She'll give you camp fire or catnip or whatever'tis you want. I'll haf to go back and git my coat; seems I forgot it,' and dropping her from his arm he vanished around the barn, leaving her deserted opposite the brass knocker on Mrs Spearment's side door. Miss Waterloo slowly crossed the by street to the side door, and, much dazed with the shock, pain and embarrasment of her condition, she raised the knocker and let it fall with a tap that brought Mrs Spearmint to the door as if she had been waiting for it. ' Aunt Jerusha, 'said Miss Waterloo, for want of a more formal name, ' Is - does a gentleman-Mr. Vilas Stan field live here ?' 'He do at present, but he's just gone up and banged himself into what he calls his study.' ' May I see him a moment ?-that is, I think you'll have to take mein. I've had an accident ; I fell through the bridge and--' ' Land er Goshen ! You don't say so i Wal now ; come right in this minit. I'm awful glad to see you, and so he'll be, no doubt. Hurti did you say ? Poor thing and you're all sorter damp. I'll lend you my wrapper while you dry off. Mebbe I'd better go and git a doctor?' 'If somebody would send a telegram for me,' said Miss Waterloo, ' I would -' ' Wait, p'r'aps Mr. Stanfield will ! He's an awful nice young man, an' as hand some as a picter,' and shoving an old fashioned rocker towards Miss Waterloo, Mrs Spearmint rushed upstairs to the studio. 'Mr Stanfield !' No answer. ' Mr Vilas Stanfield !' :No answer. 'Be you asleep ?' 'No.' ' Wal. ther's be'n an accident to the Waterloo, an' she's downstairs wantin' you to telegram.' The studio door flew open. Vilas was past Mrs. Spearment and down the stairs three steps at a time, but he did not telegraph. He got the automobile tilbury from the water; he sopped it up and rubbed it down till it looked as well as when it left the manufacturer. Then because Miss Waterloo's arm was so out of order, he got into the horseless carriage beside her and took her to her home. Later he took her to his home.- Chicago News. 