WITH TEE NIGHT POLICE IN LONDON, A STRANGE EXPERIENCE. i I met tho fine Btalwart fellow at about G a.m. coming off liisi midnight beat — he had been on duty sinco 10 o'clock tho previous night (an English writer re marks, prefacing something about the London night police). 'Tired, sir? Well, 1 am rather. I've been walking ubout for e^ht hours. No chance for a rost, you say'/ No, sir, not for tho modern policeman. The old night watchmen used to havo then1 naps while on duty, but we aro too closely watched for that. Twa or throo times during the night wo each havo to meot and report to tho sergeant on the l-eat. Wo have also the inspector round now and again, but his, visita aro irregular. Our duties? Well, tho first thing we havo to do after 10 o'clock is to keep a sharp eyo upon the doors and windows of every house in evory street through which we pass, to make nuro they aro securely closed, for this is often neglec ted by householders. lt'a a fact, sir, that, takiug Londuw altogether, ono houeo or shop in every 300 we visit leaves an invitation to the burglar every night in the form of an open door or win dow;' that means alx-ut 5,000 in all. It's Btrango, too, that many folk booreoly thank us for informing them of their ncgloot in this respect ; yet they are very ready to blame us if their property is stolen, I reckon that no city in the world is so carefully guarded during tho night as London. But there's need far it, I can assure you, 'Queer folk about? Yes, lots of them. But night thievea do nojt evade us quite as much aa they used to do. We had a mild experience of their manifold tricks and dodges and many ways of de tecting their movements. I will men tion ono by way of example. If any largo house on my boat is likely to be come an attraction to burglars, I fasten a piece of black thread across the outer gates when I pass round about 11 o'clock, and if, when I paaa again at 12 tho thread is intact, I know that no one has been through. The same ap plies to back and side entrances. By this simple method many a crafty house* breaker has been caught redhanded. Wo have many other ways of forestalling1 tho midnight marauder, but it woidd not bo wiso for mo to make them publicly known for obvious reasons. Have I over had a tussle with a burglar? Yes, inr deed, and had it not been for a fortunate slip on his part, I should not havo been hero to tell the tale. Pausing along a quiet by-road on my beat one night, I observed an open gate which I knew had been closed when I passed an hour be fore. A moment later' I saw a glimmer of light in tho front parlor of the house — a large detached villa. Quietly ap proaching tho servants' entrance, 1 found a kitchen, window unfastened, through which I cautiously entered, and, mount ing tho stairs, I made my way to tho front room indicated. There I found a man with a dark lantern expeditiously wrapping up some silver in a huge hand kercluef upon tho sideboard. The mc ment lie saw me he whipped out a revol ver and levelled it at me. I made sure my last hour had come, but when ho pulled the i trigger once — twice — and no report came, I knew that an accident hod saved mo. In a flash I threw my self upon lu'm and boro him to tho ground. Then, being tho heavier man of tlu- two, I made tlie best of my ad vantage, and quieted liim with a top or two from my truncheon. Ho got five years, I got £5 from tho proprietor of tho villa for saving his silver. 'Duties rather monotonous? Yes, night duty often is; though we become accustomed to it to a crreat extent, but I have never yet quite overcome asfrangfr Benso of desolating loneliness that seems to settle down upon me after 1 o'clock in tlio morning. Everything ia so deatlily still just at that time. From 1 till 3 o'olock is tho coldest and most uncanny portion of tho morning. Even London — which ia scarcely ever quiet-— seems to slumber for theso two hours. Strange experiences? Yes, I had one I bIuiU not forget in a hurry. It would make a very good ghost story, I believe. I waa on duty ono winter's night in 1870. Part of my beat took me pjist an old graveyard, which had a very' ghostly ro putation in the- neighborhood. I had never seen anytliing to confirm, this un canny rumor, and gave very small heed to it myself. But on the night in ques tion I was passing tho Bpot referred to v-'lien a low moan attracted my attention. I turned sharply round, ami was not a little surprised to see the figure of a wo man approaching mo. Sho was robed in wliito from head to foot, aiul her feet mado no sound as she paced tho pave nuont about 20 yards from where. I stood, but every moment sho mado a- low moan, a;; though in ]-ain. I stood stock still aud waited. Sho canus noiselessly on until die &toud; within, five yards of mt, Then I noticed that she wtta a very hand some young lady, dad in nothing but her nightdress, and her eyes were fast -closed. Sho was. a somnambulist. I took her by tho hand, and led her back down the road until wo readied a houoo with: a front door upon. In answer to my knocks her family came down and re lieved (ma of my titrango chargo, with many tlmnka. Thu next duy I received a pleasant monetary token of their grati tude.' 