FLOTSAM. [By JETSAM.] BETWEEN THE LEAVES. uao 01 we.-oast of the stories written upon the disastrous campaign of Napolaoi Bonaparte in Bussia/i«14 Flilliippi the guardsman," by T, R. Threlfall, and published by Ward, Look, and Go. _ There is not a pagaone would ' wish, to skip in' aay/part of it Naturally sueh a narra tive is full of tragedy, of moving iooMents by flood laud field,_ of desperate encounters, and historical facts, ia which the complete iadiffer enoeiof Napoleon to human life and appalling selfishness, are awfully in evidence. Remarkably graphic descriptions of the fearful Bufferings of his army in the march to aad retreat from Moicov?, aad the holocausts of victims to one man's ambition abound in the book The army, karasjed by ihe marauding GoBsacks hanging upon ite -flanks aad .rear, fairly litter tha saow-clad miles of inhospitable country with their dead an I dying, and * to tale the author tells of the horrors of that fearful march are intensely thrilling. Whoa an exhausted soldier fell he >as immediately covered, and a small white mound alone recorded his fate. Thousands ; of these ]it< le elevations lined our path for miles, and .showed how completely General Moriaof, as the Russians called the frost, was vanquishing the grand aruiy Ginnon, ammuni tion waggons, and plunder laden carriages, em bedded in ruts, became immovable, and success fully resisted,, both struggling horses and desperate drivers. Then the traces would be cut, and the vehicle left to become a small hillock, rouad which the afilcted troops hid to march. The intense cold froze the soldiers, hands to their muskets, and if we but touched a pieoe of iron we left a gre fc patch of skia he hind, . Fingers fell off as th y grasped the * weapons. Frozen beards snapped like ioicles, while if a man chanced to slip you could hear the bones crack ; like sticks; the skin became brittle as alabaster; and the limbs, faces, and eyes of hundreds became frost-bitten. Ihe hands and feet of the sick and wounded could be broken off without the slightest pain to the sufferers, but happiljr their misery was soon over, for they sank in a deep sleep from which they never awoke. Their bodies, stiffened in every posture, were thrown aside to make room for the living. Regiments were mixed up, generals and privates marched side by side, and camp followers elbowed ; each other; distraught women, with babies hugged to their breasts, straggled on looking for their husbands; horses, maddened by lash and spur, dashed helpless j fugitives to the earth, and then whirled onward; and comrades disappeared as silently as though the earth had opened and swallowed them up. But our cup of misery was not yet full. The fierce Cossacks, born to suoh rigours, hung like paoks of wolves upon our raar and flanks, and with exultant, yells slaughtered and tortorei the unresisting stragglers." r SN PASSAOT. It is understood ikat Mr. J. H.. Flnlaygon, of the u Grenfell-atreefc. organ," "will be in Adelaide again about the end of the year. A perfect glutton for work, he is said to have sent out an average of 90 columns a month to bis papet during the time he has been in the old country. He has wakened up the correspon dents at Home by this flood of vigor, and the purveyors of news miut hava had to " By round pretty considerable," as the Yanks say. The average local correspondent gets his taproot so deeply in the soil where he grows that he wants r,o be transplanted now and again, like Qol. XiaileyVpolioe constable, stationed in & country town, where the news ib like woman's olothea oa i line, all of the same pattern. : N003S, ; I met a man the o .her day who asked m 11 What's the n waP" " Haven't got time to [ give it you in detail," said I, " but here's the ueadiogaANOTHER HOSPITAL BUNGLE -AMERICANS DEFEATED SPANIARDS KINGSTON BUCKING UP AGAINST BUS. SELL AGAIN (Russell in under his guard) KINGST >N ON THE TEN THOUSANDTH PART OF A FARrHING-HARROLD BROS C.1SE (another appicaiion)-DISPUTE AT HOSPITAL " 11 Oh, hang! " says he, " those were the headings a month ago, and I think they ?ieep them s anding. Now, if we had the terminations we would breathe a Bigh of relief and tike up a new subscription in the papers." "My dear fellow, there is nothing new under the Bun. If you.look up ancient history you will find that there were hospital troubles, labor parlies obstructing progress, stumpi orators, agitators, fraudulent insolvencies, persecuted debtors, and even J.P.s in those far back times. Lo >k up the records of the Aztecs, the papyrus writings of the Egyptians, and the arrowhead notes of the Assyrians; although I iet your life you dou't find anything more puzzling or indecipherable than the caligrapby of Charley Kingston or his politics " TAN-TAN-OOL A. In the name of Munchausen, what are the South-Eastern people giving us! They have dug up the dead carcase of the Tantanoola tiger and sent it crouching, stealing feline-like over the country again in search of more yokels and scare raisers, when as a matter of fact the animal is stuffed in the Adelaide museum, and a very mean-looking mongrel he is in appearance, a cross between a mongrel dog and a composite canine, with a touch of the wolf thrown in. Now we once did have tiger scares down our way. A showman got stranded up the country, North I think it was, with a tiger which he was exhibiting, and abandoned the animal in its cage in a paddock because the bailiff had seized it for the meat account, or something like it. The bum-bailiff was in a blue funk, and afraid to go near the tiger's cage; so were the local people, for the animal was frantic with hunger, it being nobody's business to feed it. I believe some butcher bought it on spec, and it was shipped off somewhere, but not before it had created a fairly proportioned scare. The Tantanoola tiger is not worth a shilling a night as a supernumerary scare; he fakes so many low comedy parts—a derelict Chinaman, a wild dog. a crossbred wolf, a mad calf, a mitherless bairn, a belated toper, and other nasty things that go about making newspaper paragraphs when things are slack. .KLONDYKE CLASSICS. It was a foregone conclusion that the dis- covery of gold at Klondyke would produce a crop of sensational novels, in which would be western desperadoes, revolvers—called "guns'' in American parlance—bowie-knives, and such-like material for the formation of the gory narrative of the diggings type. I have one before me ow-"Spectre Gold"-a romance of J£lon dyke, by Qeadon Hill, from Coles' Bundle street Book Arcade. It certainly does not lack incident, beginning as it does with the rescue of an English wanderer, known as the white ghost, who has discovered & fabulous quantify of gold, and "cached" it, as the term is, but is dying ot starvation, when a Britisher, an Indian, and his daughter, Star Eyea, put Mm on his legs again He makes a plan "of the cache on the back of the photograph of a young tellow named Dick Osborne, who came out to get the filthy luare with the ultimate objeot of paying off the mortgages 09 his prospective fathar-ia-law's ancestral hall, and marrying the | daughter, who will otherwise have to marry the villain of the book, one Maladyke, who holds the mortgages. This villain sends a tool of his, named Jake Mursell, on the track of Qabeme, and with the help of one Bad Bubo an 1 hid pals {here aro same high old times, in which revolvers are freely used, and scotch oorpBes to furnish forth a fair-steed graveyard provided. Of course, with the help of Star Eyes the gold ia secured ail right, and everybody gets bis deaertg, There is ad awful creation in the (arm of a fegale aaloon.beeper at §kagway, who baa a summary way of discouraging tar r« ! outline of the oSeoder'o bead with revolver ; bullets oq the wall behind the culprit, who dace uot move while the shooting is going on. «. taa BOtfHTY." From this delectaoie tbiug we turn with more satisfaction to "The Mutineers," by Louie Backe and Walter Jetfary-alBo from Cole's. It is founded upon that marvellous romance in real life, "The Mutiny o! the Bounty," whichiu all its true particulate needs no fictional embellish, meat to make is one of the moBt absorbing tales of the sea one could peruse. Louis Beoke has auoh intimate knowledge of tho manners and customs of the inhabitants of the Society Islands and the local coloring of the a luring regions they dwell in that his name is sufficient to make one buy the book, and he has been well backed up by his collaborates. There is a skilful blending of fact and fiction in "The Mutineers." The narrative leaves little to be desired in the matter of sensation and graphic word painting, but unlike Captain Chamier's "Jack Adams," in which several chapters are devoted to an account of the memorable voyage of the brutal Captain Bligh in the ship's boat aftor he and his companions had been sent adrift: by the muti* neers ; and also to the voyage of the wreck of the Pandora, in which that fiendish brute Captain Edwards had as prisoners some o! the Bounty's men- Becka's book i> confined solely to the doings of Fletcher Christian and bis associates. In reading both these books, and also the unembelliahed records of "The Mutiny of the Bounty," o >e cannot be.p eseorating the name of Bligh, whose vile temper and tyrranous disposition to his officers and raon brought about all the trouble. Though in uue fpnsa Sllgh of thn Bounfiy nod Edwards of the Pandora w«e filled offlr-erq apparently hail the nature of a sav.ige and the brutal ina'iacts of a nigger overseer-a sort of Simon Legree. To read of Bligh's behavior to the gentlemen who were his officers and the sailors of his crew almoat makes one regret that the mutineers did not carry oat their threat ard flog the ruffian before thay put "him adrift in the boat. In his ofla official account, in which, by the way, he takes care not to allude in the faintest way to the provocation he bad given by making bis ship a hell upon the water, he describes the mutiny as " one of the most atrocious and con summate acts of piracy ever committed," which, .no doubt h was; but how would his conduot be described? The mutineers themselves suffered terribly for their orine, and Picairn's Island, where they lanled and burnt their ship, was soaked with their blood and that of the unhappy natives who acsompanied them. The mystery of the B maty was not solved until September 28,1808, some 20 years afterward;, when Cap tain Jolgar, in the Topaz, touched there and found the old mm calling himself Adams, the only survivor of the pirates. Becke and Jeffery's book is more artistic, than Chamer's, but is not so rich in detail. PAINTS AND PIGMENTS, The Society of Arts' exhibition this year is not up to date-there is such an overweight of awfully uttr that a disinterested visitor wants to know whether there are enough enterprising barbers and small publicans in the city to bay them up for their saloons. The Hanging Com mittee have eadmtly done the Jaok Vetoh busi ness and ,'huag"them for love of the execu tioner business. Nevertheless, there is some solace for the lover of genuine art, and it is found in the Misses tfambidge's exquisite miniatures, Miss French's flower studies, unpretentious, and, therefore, natural native birds, her shell parrots, " mags," and "jacks" for preference. Her backgrounds are not always equal in treatment. Miss E. E. Bloxam'a "Lonely southern shore," "Morning," and " Swampland " gave oae the idea of honeat effort; and Mi-s Margaret A. French has done really good work in a difficult subject "The Blowhole, Cape' Northumberland." It has spirit iu it, but most people would like "Pleasant Gove," a Beaohport scene, in which she has been very tender in her atmospheric effects, and loving over a little bit of sea and a sky. Gill, the energetic and indefatigable master of the School of Design, and who is a better teacher than he is an artist, is " pretty frequent on the hoe, and his best is a boat on a jatty, accurate in drawing and happy in coloring. Gill ought to draw more and paint leas. Misa M. A. French has hit the old lighthouse at Oape Northumberland as fair and square as the captain of the Sorato did Oape Jarvis lighthouse, when he had the Duke, of Manchester on the bridge, after a champagne shivoo at the. Governor's residence, Marble Hill, and I ought to know, for I was there. Animal painting is not a feature of this exhibition ; there is a collie dog, but Lord 1 Riddoch would not look at such an animal, not even if the Tantanoola tiger were rounding of bis sheep. G. A. J. Webb's pictures-two of them-are rather under the standard of that clever Victorian artist, but there is a Tasmaoiau scene by 0. B, W, Blackmail, which is the gem | of the collection-" A Promising Homing," juBt over a remarkably clever head of a China man, by Kose MaoPheraon. X am disappointed in Hans Hegaen this time-he has talent, bat has not done himself justice this time, There are 148 pictures hang, and nearly half of those, oughfc to have been strangled. ' 