Hjjcijalil. Thursday’ January 20, 1898. The resuscitation, of the Benambra Agricultural and Pastoral Society.- is. on'the,carpet. This: association .has been practically .dead for about . fojir years.- .The. last show, held under.its auspices was a poor one-r-sjich-a:poor thing that the Society-, evidently con sidered the best thing it could do was to give. up the ghost and be interred as decently as possible, or to sleep off. the bad times upon which it, in com inou with other oognate institutions, had fallen. The colony is gradually emerging from the depression which overtook it some years ago, and things are generally on the “ improve," the prospect being a ver3r assuring one. The opinion' now prevails that the time is ripe for making a move to re-establish the local 'agricultural association, and to this end a public meeting is convened, for Saturday week. There is no good reason ap parent why such an association, pro perly conducted, should not have a successful career hereabouts. The rullangiitta district differs .exceptional, facilities iind scope for the operations* of an agricultural and pastoral society.. It* is rather remarkable that nil the time the Tallangatta Show has been suspended, there has been a society operating successfully on either side of it—one at Corryong and the other at Yackandandu'h. As to the why and wherefore of this state of affairs, a largo section of the local public are free to assert that “ it is all a matter of management." Candor compels the remark that the management of the Uenamhra Society was not as good as it might have been ; but, in the presence of the dead or dying in stitution; the critical public can chari tably afford to let bygones be bygones. We hope to see the farmers atid' 1 graziers come together with practical suggestions for ' the establishment on a proper footing of the local ' agrieullural and pastoral society, j If a fresh start be decided upon, it will , of onursii uecuHHury to proceed on i careful lilies,-until the Society “feels its fe t" again. In order to the proper 1 and efficient conduct of its functions, it is essential that the Society’s man agement shall be thoroughly repre sentative of the interests principally affected by the operations of such at) association. It may he hoped, too, in the evont of the Society being re established, that the name “ Bcnam bra” will be dropped. Under that title the old Society aimed at a comprehen siveness which it by no means at tained. In the title of a Society of this sort there should he set out “ a local habitation and a name." We hope to see “ the Tallangatta Agri cultural and Pastoral Society” rising phcauix-like from the ashes of the original institution, and, under careful management, carving out a prosperous career for itself, as it ought to do in a district like'this, possessing all the elements and factors essential for such an institution. The successful in auguration of such a society will also remove u reproach which has attached to the Tullmigattn district in allowing its agricultural and pastoral society to lie unresurrectod for so long. 