?r^mm' sot? ??.-;? ' THE END OF THE GAME, '' ' ' You really can't rouse me to -much en thusiasm ovei- tho short story,' sho said. ' I know all you. would say of it,— subtilo, per fect ol form, uad sonnet-liko in finish,— 'yet I am vrell;1 Any man may wear its laurels, and I envy him not. But when it cornea to ? the literature of correspondence, then I con fess to coveting the crown. I would rather have written a series of fascinating letters than all the Bhort stories of tho deoarto.' _ 'Doit,' said ho. 'Put yoar next novel ' ' I-might — and fail moro eignnlly than over in making my, oharaoters speak out what is in them. Letters, of all things, must bo written from tho heart. Fancy tho tone Swift's would, havo takin if ho had been told he must correct tho proofs on some dny of reckoning 1' 'Tho heart is a flotion in literature. We ? all know what powerful work has been done . ? with the avowed . purpose of making money, . and by men -who wouldn't bavo touched pen to paper without that ignoble spur.' . 1 You ara a pagan !' 1 You are a sentimentalist— shall that bo my retort? No; you aro simply 'puro wo manly.' You oan't imagino desires fulfilled without esthetic cringings and moral winces.' 'Nothing of the sort; but I clo acknow ledge tho concrete fact that I couldn't play dummy in a series of letters.' ... . ' Then— collaborate.' i * f With whom P Some gifted ghost ? Pros ? ? per MorimeeVP . ... \- ' With mo. Wo say good-by to- morrow, after; a* charming summer acquaintance of tix weeks. You leavo this hotel, and go baok to your Bohemian Boston attic. I \ . return to New York and journalism. Now, . let us assume a situation. I am madly in . lovo with you. Don't start! How un dramatio you are 1 You— there my invention halts, though it is easy to see thero would be no etory without an obstacle. What shall it be, your engagement or mine?' . ? ' You give' mo a oboice of fetters ! That's generous. But I won't tako the haoknayed obstacle of 'another,' thank you ! Some ?body always has to descend to bathos or perfidy in order to extricate himself. No ; let's pretend that wo are conscious of a mutual attraotion, but don't in tha least satisfy eaoh other's ideal of what a man and woman should be.* - 'Do forgive ''me for saying how truly Bostonese and priggish V. , 'Shall I endeavor to be snburban and flippant? Well, there aro dozens of possible situations. Tako your choice. Disgrace ? my groat-uncle has cheated the widow and ? , orphan, and then shot himself .' , ; 'Nodrawbaok at all, unless job -jet up ? some sort of moral scruple about returning ! the spoils ; and that would toro me to such an extent that I ehonld reply only by postal cards.' , ' Hereditary fend— though in that case we , Bhould have to join hands in the regulation manner, and satisfy tradition. My imagi nation is quite at sea; you propose some thing.' ?..; 'Consumption and insanity have been done (to death. You must be. devoted to a cause, and refuse to give it up for devotion to one ?? man.' . ?? ; ' Hundreds of women havo fought, bled, : -, ? and died over that, from 'Tho Princess' 'down. Best of all, why not begin the cor- i 'despondence, and lot it determine its own1 ''oonrse?' ; : ' 'Excellent ! Wo will merely draw a heavy line' under the fact that I am in lovo with ?you. Reraembor to write only on one side 'of tho paper, won't yon? Ic will save nsa; '{deal of copying.' '-:fYes; and suppose we eond tho letters ^flat 'in large envelopes? Then wo need only number them, lay them aside, and they are i;ready for the printer. But I predict a bar , ; Jto our perfect satisfaction in the completnd -|workV Did vou ever yet write a clever thing ' without ' having Eomo groat-aunt or second ;.,; :. '' cousin ? aconso y ou of lending it from your ?personal experience ?' .?^' 'Never; and I anticipate i what you are ♦'going to say. No matter how much tho iall-fcnowing public clamors for 'author* of ;our immortal work, we will lie low and'oon ; . ? .jfess nothing. But if it actually does find eh out, we will deny it tho satisfaction of de claring that our own hearts havo been kid .baro ; for I will olaim the woman's part, and .you shall have the man's 1' ?-«'?? „. IClever, indeed ;. but bold to a 'brogian' : iextent !. Well, say what you like. , I will at . - .least deny nothing. How often shall we .write?' . ' ' .'m 'Every day, by all means. I havo some .important work coming on in December, ;and I Bhonld like to fimeh this opiipde of the wheart before then. By the way, remember jto make no nlluBion in tho letters to the fact Ktuat we ara playing a gamo. Let us dress : ,ior the: part, deceivo ourselves into all pos- : .nible.'eaniBstness, and- see 'what swagger ?: .things wo can dp.' , ? ? ? -,' ? ? J , In a month the correspondence was in full ' ' .awing, and, omitting the letters whioh served as prologue, thus it ran: ? he. : ! Your yesterdays's letter probed my armoi ' 'lit a hundred points. I have loved other \ women, you say ; what, moro or lees, docs it 'nioan when I declare I lovo jou? It is true, . 'I have had my dreams and passions,-' though |'I. should decidedly object to posing as that Hpecie9 of hero who is not only beautifully ?Byrohic, but truly unwholesome. ' I on: the : 'ttverage man, with a seuso of tie Weal and a -poetio imagination. Therefore have I ' idealized woman, and to idealize is to lovo. I loved my cousin May. She grew up and 1 away from me, and marriod somebody else. .Shewasabonuie bride,— God bless foul ? ? and meeting her to-day is as commonplace, 'as reading the weather probabilities. Two ? years1 after, I ?wrote sonnets to a woman who ?never guessed them to be from what I am ' '?pleased to oall my soul ; and this sumiaer, : when yon met me, I wbb engaged. You ? have not seen her, but you have beard of her '—a gentle, domestic oreature, who would '.have made mo half happy and supremely . . comfortable. She guessed at my having- fled .from you because I dared not trust myself , to stay, and give me my freedom. She is no V less tranquil, and I am her everlasting ? debtor. What tlienP 'If these things be «o,f you say, ' what can love mean? What 'do yon give ine more than the othors ? How 'do I know whether tho jotrel is mine own, . not only to have, but to hold ?' You speak , .. 'like one born yesterday, or as a child' for- lornly strayed out of Aroadia into these solid 'streets. Have you yet to learn that a relation must be judged, not by its length, but by . its perfection ? When 1 sat with you those moon- fed nights, while the sea 'washed the rooks at our feet, and wo had no need of 'talking beoause our thoughts ran together ? -like heavenly horees of the sun, what then? ;Do yon think suoh oommunion is often dup Moated f Does one find a diamond more than ? once in a lifetime, or see the perfect aroh of 'the rainbow twice in a summer? Why will -you so fatally pull open the petals of this ?heart-flower, to count the stamens, and de- termine whether it conforms to this or that system of classification ? ~- You know me— .the average man. Suoh as i am, I am yours. ? ,If you challenge mo to tho clearest truth I ? jknow how to utter, I confess thah I know nothing about oternity, and oare less. I ask you to walk step by step with me through this troublous world ; and if, gome fair morning, I should wake and see your face beside me in that other land which theo logians and poets seem to know all about, why, then, I'll givo you merry greeting! But as to swearing that I shall lovo you . . eternally, how do I know ? I would have .sworn it had we met ten years ago. Now the days, inexorable 'daughters of time,* hftve brought mo wisdom, and I see that our affeotione aro indeed 'touts of a night.' But passing fair they aro, and I pritheo, /sweat mistreat, let me rest in mine undis* iurV'0. -You v-oiueu exf-set ot inun a ian- I tsstio and impossible loyalty— a loyalty aon- ' aerated to keeping n niche vacant for you until you como, and making life fotever Btorilo after you go. God knows yonr aohemo might bo a happy and heroio one for Bomo unknown world, mado on a ditleront plan, bnt not in this— not in thia ! Wo are grow ing and changing crciuurcs, like oar brothers, the trees. Yonr by year we put forth shin ing buds, and renew ournolvoa in tho sun and cherishing air. There were birds in last year's nests, I tell you plainly ; but now they aro gono. Shall my leaves whiajjor above tho poor little brown dwellings wit.h no desire to see them warm again with downy life? Poriah tho thought i—ainco chango ia life, aud standstill means dooay and death. You are tho ohoico of my prime. Why deuy us both our happiness because you cling too long aud closely to the dreams oi youth ? BBS. When I road a letter like your last I al most hate you. Fortunately— or tho roverso, according as you value my toleration — yon do not fall into tho Goethean platitudes which would force me to remove myself forever from tho risk of hearing thorn. .You are not absolutely blaaphomous. You do not say, in so many words, that lovo is a sue? cession of fanoios and phaseB ; and so I am sorry for you without actually despising you. For, believe me, my friend,- it is true that though men do not die of love, they should think it possible. Though, if I deny you, in n year you will have loved again, you should be swearing to me and to yourself that, without me, in your own proper person, you die. Audi BhonlbV know you would not die, and you would know I knew it, because we aro neither of us at the morniug of life, when ono believes that wishing brings the boon ; but wo should; boa little nearer heaven than we ava now. For I, alas ! doubt you, and you c-m analyzo yourselt and mo. So, farewell, ? nay, rathor, honest, plain good-by. May all the gods be with you, for I will not ! You need them, and you do not need me more than another. HE. Now, by all the powers that rule this curious modern world of analysis and cross analjsis, or occupy their Olympio leisure in bringing about the madness of our day, it shall not be good-by! Tho godB shall bo with me, but only to fight on my side, not to consolo me for a viotory lost. Poor child ! you can't help your temperament, can yon ? No more can I mine. But yours is the geeator curse. You are stung by the gadfly of the ideal, and you are fated to rage through life in soaroh of the perfect love, ,a perfeot lover. Diogenes himBelf, that prince of visionaries, might have held' himself moderate in comparison. You should havo lived in a day when I could have claimed your hand {through battle with a hundred knights ; when your favor would have had baptism of blood, and I could at last have come begging home from Holy Land to dio at your feet. You would havo canonised mo then, in your maiden calendar, with tha same single-mindodneas and fervor -which had inspired you when. . you buckled . on my armor, and sat at prayer and tapestry while I fought tho heathen hoBfc. And since you are denied that narrow and musty path, you v.ould faiu invent wild beasts and paynims of tho mind for me to conquer. I must play with, you a poetic drama of love, overleap obstacles, and disseot my heart, and your own, to noto whether the tissues aro homo geneous. And I would do . it if there were no other way of winning you. I ara but a man, nn actor in this merry game of life, and I could well' play such a pretty interlude, if needs musf. But I should do it only under protest, as ono might snatoh a glove from the arena. Realities far better serve my mood, find I'd rather sit down with you to one of those flashing hours of lightning speech than rhyme you 'love' and 'dove' by the ream, and pretend I had not slept since I saw you last. Heaven save us! .it's an easy part to play Listen ; this ia how Streplion would woo you— Strephon who has never loved before, and never will gazp on -woman's face again while you and he shall live ; nay, who shall bs constant bayoad the stars ! ' Last night I could not sleep. Tho min utes whispered of you, the houra struck your name.' (Poor inethaphor; but Strephou's metaphois would bo poor. You find such romantic bathos only in combination with intdleotual poverty.) 'At midnight I roso, and looked at the moon sailing her sea of blue. Immeasurably far' (or do they knew her : distance?), ' she was yet nearer than you; or no intelligence of the night wo Uld bring me news of you. Wero you wakefal, und did your thoughts turn burningly to me, as mine to you ; or did you wander lonely in dreams wWther I could not follow? . O most dear, jewel of the earth and desire of all tho winds of heaven that dare to touch your cheek, one word from you or I die !' Do you like it? The style is fatiguing, and the subject matter, feeble as it is, a tax on the imagination ; but I. can turn pnt'enoh stuff by the quarto volume, and' perhaps I could oven talk it on a rainy day, when you had lighted my pipe, and I was disposed, like u kiudly lord and master, to humor you. Dost like it, I say, and wilt havo more to morrow? But whatever Jthou wilt have, be assured that I will havo theo froai Uonc3 forth and — nay, I, cannot say forever, for that would be pure folly, and an arrogance at -which fate Bmiles. ; , - ' ? ? : bbb. ' ..--.. Why do I answer a' letter like that— not even oarncBt, but jeering at mo and the holiest of my draams ? 1 do not know, ex cept that I eeem to myself so hopelessly under your in'fluenoe that I cannot out this knot at one stroke, as a more heroio woman might. And this brings me to another reason why I should not be to you what we: both have hoped. I have accused you of : not loving me. I come riowto tho doubt whether I ia the least lovo you. That yon attcaot me, I grant you, and that the attraction is so strong I can hardly withstand even your written wordB, I allow with shamo : but that I love you—no, I am not sura of it. What have -we in common p I am trying to stumble into the path of the ideal, and you are contenting yourself with a daily carnival of intellectual paBtunes, with flashing light's aud glowing flowers. I want to bind my hopes to emotions that are imperiohable, and relatiouo that are infinite ; you aro content to take the joy of the flying hour, and pledge yourself to no more arduous task than that of making it your own. You disappoint mo at every turn, and yet you fasoiuate me. As I write, the ring of your voioe, the remem brance of that radiant look you threw me when you rode away,— for your eyes oould laugh because tho sky was blue and the air soft, and mine were heavy with tears sinoe I must loose you,— the very thought of your presence so sweeps over me at times that I whisper the air to carry you the .message, 'I am yours !' But, after all, I am not. An inner solf— a dissenting, stern, and resolute self— says .'No'; and I oannot yield. Oi, if you but guessed it, I had been easily won before I knew you so woll ! Had you been lesa honest,— less insolent, I might write,— had you paid me the compliment of lying to me, you might, I say, have won me ; but I suppose I shall some day thank heaven that you did. not choose. That you oould stop in the midst of a letter to the woman you prp fesa to love, and interpolate a travesty of honest emotion— oh, it siokens me ! Let us write no more. What have we to say ? For you there are a thousand pleasure paths, since, as you own, jouhave an idealizing and poetic nature, and there are thousands of women for you to idealize. I have been but a throbbing line in your speotrum of life. Ab for me, perhaps I can some day be wholly thankful that I did, though with breaking heart, ohopBe the highest. Do you remember Guineyera's self- desnairinit -»*. S 1 1 ihould bare lond th» higbMt ' f j- ? ??. ?.; ??.; ?..' ... - ; !-. ?!??:?? ,' ..-?: Do you remember how Maggie XuUivor turned irom Stephen, not alone b.:o-uieo ho was bound to her cousin, but bocauso tho nobler part of her nature never responded to his call ? I do not court martyrdom with theso ; but I stretch out my bands to them for help in this stress and troublo of my lifo, that their memory umy give me strength. Do not answer this. Why should wo spar with words ? To you it may ba intellectually amusing ; to mo it is agony. HE. My child, you novor gave mo so much joy in your life. You say I am fascinating to you. I mako my lowest bow, anrl respond that you aro infinitely charraing to mo. What more do we ask r Love ia but a sub tile attraction, and there ' is eewculy one chance in a aiilion that either of us finds in fiuothor the mysterious soul-Ukenobu or eoul defference whioh drawn us now toeother. I consider myself, fo to speak, saturated solution. (Did David Copperfiold say taut boforo me ?') I can conceivo that I rui/iht adore you; but it is not within the rsmotest possibility that I shall meet such a being during tbo next fif'y year*, and at the end of that time I expoat to bo duet. Therefore wo aro quite safe, and let us haste' to the 'wedding. By tho way, I met Aunt Eliza beth to-day, and told her we are to be mar riod in tho spring, and she proposed having some jewels set for you. I oould give you dozens of toothsome little items like this, if you didn't keop me so busy writing about, the state of my soul, or wildly defending myself from the oharge of having one: But I implore you as a friend,— nay, as a lover, whose peace of mind should be preoiouB to you, — not to mix our affairs with those of bogies out of books like Guinevere and the Tiiltiyera. Why should they bo dragged forth to daunt me? I shudder when you tacitly command me to put on buskins and oopy some hero of tragic story. Much as I dolight in your letters, I tell you frankly thoy make mo nervous. I feol as if I must respond in blank verso, and my muse has been halt and blind this many a year. Yon have criticized me tremendously, my lady, for the last three weeks. I am going to retaliate, and enlarge upon your greatest fault. Neither wince nor fear me ; 'tis not that you are not fairest, virtuousest of your fpx, bnt that you have no sonBe of humor. Xi you bad, you would appreciate that neat little bit about Strephon iu my last. I oon sidor it a olever interpolation ; but you, be ing, as I say, destitute of humor, count it a blasphemy against tho ' Unknown Eros. (And let me tell you that Eros, in his best estate, does a precious deal of laughing. He is nut-brown and rosy, and I shouldn't wonder if ho were fed on strong ale and moat, instead of sweets and oyllabub.) Think not, though, that I love thee less for thy foolish seriousness, for in that thou are the more feminine. No woman yet over had a man's seuse of humor without losing some ossenco of fineness, some aroma of her sex, priceless beyond jewelB. And so I do not acouse you because X would havo you other than you are, bnt that you my say to yourself, whon you do not approve me, ' It ia beoause, be ing a man, he sees the strange, jagged edges of events, and the way they fit into eaoh othor- — the awful incongruousnosa of life ; he smiles over the grim irony of tho gime, and smiles where I should pray.' You will keep on striving for tha impossible, seeking the gold at the end of the rainbow ; and I shall pore over the pebbles at my feet, in search of some more shining than the rest, to build into our garden wall. We will still be different, but alike in that we love eaoh other. (Telegram.) Are you ill? Why do you not write ? SHB. (Telegram.) I am quite well. LetUr follows. BHH. My Friend: Sly last letter tells you my roaaon for not writing. How could yon have misread it or forgotten? I said then that we have nothing in common, and that we must part. What could I add? Thore was no neod of further valedictory. Yet if there be need, let me say now that I wish you all good, all happiness and peace. I am your friend. ... (To bo concluded next week.) 