THE WATCHHAI OF ORSDEN MOSS PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. a. 3m:o3sstes: 'Author of "The Slaves of Fate," "A Miner's Million," "Children of Darkness," "Through Flood and Flame," "Queen of the Factory," "A Fit Brow Lassie," "The White Gipsy," "The Mine Master's Daughter,"- Sec., Sic. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER 'XXVIII.—' THE NEW WATCH MAN. In the snug little two-chambered shanty, formerly tenanted by old Dan Coxall his lat est successor was sitting one afternoon early in November. During the day the rain had fallen In a thick, drenching, incessant sheet, washing the village thoroughfares clean and sweet,' converting the undrnlned 'portions of Or sdqn Moss Into a great wet sponge, and deluging the pit-brow girls and other work ers on the bank of the Moss Colliery. ' As the day closed In and the early twilight gathered, the downpour slackened, then ceas ed altogether, and now, when the ear-pierc ing scream of the steam whistle at Orsden Moss pits was ringing out clear and long on the damp air, telling the surface labourers that the end of the day's work had come, the atmosphere had cleared, and gave promise of a fair night. Rising from his rush -bottomed armchair, old Adam Bannister, the new watchman, walked slowly to the doorway of Ills dwelling and lounging there on the threshold he cast his eyes this way and that. "-Perhaps the fiesh man was only wondering if the spell of dry' weather would continue until his nightly vigil and nooturnal meanderlngs about the colliery , were ended. . Standing on the little' step he could see the scattered village now enveloped in the sha dow, could mark the rough sweep of land ly ing between the' pita ana the houses of the workers; and the pit bank, the lines of the waggon-road, brow, screens and engine- house were all within easy reach of his vision. Adam Bannister appeared midway between the half-century and three score of years,, but seemed hale and powerful still, being tall and sturdy- limbed in Spite of his slight sloop. He was hoarse voiced, had a thick tangle of Iron- grey hair, and to aid his impaired sight wore a cumbrous pair of blue glasses. Presently the pit-brow girls and women, the surface labourers and banksmen, came dawdling or hurrying past In ones and twos and threes, all glancing at the figure In the doorway, and not a few commenting upon him. "Th' new watchman!" some, whispered audibly to their friends as they went by. "Ah wonder If he'll stay no lunger .than.th' last chap did?" others remarked, and one or two made reference tq old Coxall's sudden end. To none of these comments did Adam. Ban nister pay the slightest heed. But once his strong figure drew Itself together instinctive ly, and .the eyes behind his coloured spec tacles flashed, as a pit-brow girl with an easy sliding step, a gracefully moulded form, fine ly rut face, and sunny hair drew near. ' It was Lettlce Forrester; and as Bhe came along, alone, she glanced curiously at the old man as the others had done. She was pausing when the watchman's harsh voice, softened a little, caught her ears. ".Yo'll excuse me, my pretty wench, but wot tahme does th' pit whistle blow ev'ry neet?" "Half-past live, sir, except Saturdays," the girl answered as she paused a moment; "then It blows at two b'clock." "Thank yo'l Tlianlc yo'l, Ah'rn th' new watchmon, yo' known, an'-.ah'm a bit strange yet." She nodded her fair bead and went on her way, and,, after lingering a few moments lon ger at the door, he strode inside, raked the bars of his small grate, and placed a shovel- full of coal'on the fire, took off the old cap he had been wearing, hung it methodically on a nall'ln the wall, put on a big, weather-beaten soft felt hat with wide brim, downed an old big coat also, and then taking a stout oaken stick from the corner near the fireplace, went forth; lockinghis little castle behind him. Here a few EentenccB may be penned re specting what had gone on in the village of Orsden Green in the Interval between the flight of Matthew Shelvoclte and the Installa tion of the new watchman, Adam Bannister. "Within an hour or two of 'Sergeant RobertB' visit to Cirsden Hall every . man and woman In the village, and a small multitude outside, knew that the police officials had gone there for the purpose of laying the hands of the law upon Aaron Shelvoclte's nephew and heir. By some means the whole of the circum stances of the case leaked out and were spread broadcast. Every pitman was full of the newB by the time tho village public houses threw open their doors at noonday; and over their pots of ale, arid their tumblers. of whis ky' and rum," the hard-fisted winners of coal discussed wltha breathless interest the ex traordinary sequel to their "Owd, Boss's" death. On the pretext of taking a holiday , young Mat had escaped to Yankee land, talcing with him in solid cash many a thousand pound- how many the Lord alone knew! some said it was only five thousand, others swore they had heard tt was ten, and one or two said they believed that .when the truth was known fully twenty thousand wouldn't be far wide of the mark. That Sergeant Roberts' visit to the Hall ex plained Mat's flight all the ' gossips were agreed; and that the absconding man had not flown without serious reasons only a few were prepared to assert. Even the miners who had known the mine manager all his life, who had received many tokens of consideration at Mat's hands, were at a loss how to defend their favourite when someone demanded to know why, if he were innocent, he had "hooked it," and taken all that money with him? That question was a puzzler; and those who felt that Mat was guiltless, but could not back their belief with proof, were compelled to sit silent and hear lilm- adjudged guilty. The sensation had soon subsided, and In the meantime- the work and life of the place went along the old channels, for although Mat Shelvocke was awqy,:hls spirit still di rected the undertaking to which his unole's will had made him heir. The solicitor In the neighbouring town kept a tight hand and a watchful eye on. his ab sent client's Interests; the underlooker, George Wells', had stepped Into JMat's man agerial shoes, and was filling them fairly well; Lev) Blackshnw was cashier still, and no more, and the. limitations of his position annoyed him beyond expression. At times Mr. Blackshaw's dissatisfaction found, expression. To his cousin Naomi, when their talk drifted to the absent one, LtiVl would give his tongue the rein, and de clare in the most open way that Mat Shel- vr.cke had treated both his relatives unfairly by octlng as he had seen fit to do. He didn't blame his cousin for flying, If he thought his "neck or his liberty were endan gered by remaining at his post; but when the exigencies of the case'«compelled htm to vanish from the scenes that had known him all his life, , he ought to have placed more confidence in those who were bound to him by ties of. blood.' When Mr. Blaeksliaw talked In that strain Naomi did not scruple to lash her cousin with her biting tongue and "contemptuous glances. She knew that Levi hated to be tied down as be was,-'and compelled to act under the directions of another, as If he were merely a servant, and not the nephew of Aaron Shel- .voclte, and' first cousin 'to the missing muster. , Levi's ambition was to ".fill the throne Mat had deserted; he desired to Have the whole of the mines and miners in his hands— to weld the destiny of the estate according to his own wishes. He felt It humiliating that he, a prince of the royal blood, so to speak, should be called upon to do other than command. "1 can quite" understand, my dear Levi," Noainl would" remark . on these occasions, when the discontented man aired his griev ances, "that It. would have suited you much better if, poor Mat had handed over to you the reins of government instead of entrust ing them to that legal gentleman In Cole- clough." . . "In spite of the half-sneer underlying your remark, Naomi," he would retort, "what you say- Is simply a matter of fact, What can Mi. Attorney Scott know about mines and miners? After all, he has to act upon my advice." .. "Then why grumble. If you are the real director of things after all? I suppose you want the glory of the game as well as the pi.wer of shaping it, ell? Iri a word, you aim at becoming the Squire of Orsden?" ' "Perhaps you are right, cousin. I imagine It will come— must come to that soon! When we have reasonable grounds for believing that our excellent relative intends to show his face in England no more, when, legally, at all events, we may assume that he Is dend, what will happen then, think you? Fortun ately our cousin couldn't take the Hall, the Moss, the pits, and tho remainder of the es tate with him," , /"I have no knowledge of the law," she an swered, "and In consequence cannot Imagine what niay;happen In the event of, Mat's con tinued absence. Mat,: however, seems to have considered that point. Perhaps that Is why he . elected to leave, his affairs in Mr. Scott's hands." . .( "Perhaps; but even lawyers have to. siibr mlt to the requirements of the latv. I am positive that Mat will never return, .-and equally assured- that I shall not be content to remain In Mr. Scott's leading strings for the remainder of my' days." "But Mat will return!" she cried positively. "He must return! It is absurd to imagine. he will never 'come back." . .1 : "It Is so easy to believe what orie. desires to believe, Naomi. You wish him to return," he- suggested, with his keen gaze upon her. !",. "Perhaps I do!" she replied, stolidly, meet ing his Inquisitive gaze unflinchingly. A sharp retort was on .his tongue,, but he withheld Its utterance. Her manner was- one of defiance, and he was strongly tempted . to remind her. of a certain, pact they had enter ed Into. Now that he was winning the great game upon which he had staked so much was she desirous of breaking the pledge she had given him? He was suspicious, and yet unwilling to put her to the supreme test at that moment. Events were not. yet ripe for that mas- er stroke. So he restrained himself, held his place, and left her In possession of tho field, He, at all events, could afford to wait a little longer. He had much to win, and was almost certain of the game, CHAPTER XXIX.— THE FIRST LINK IN THE CHAIN. . It was between ten and eleven o'clock qt night and tho night" watchman was again seated within his snug little domicile,: eon- i sumlng his frugal repust. He was sitting beside the, small table' l'ully dressed, as. he had Just come In from his solitary round. v His old soft hat wns pushed buck from Ills' brow, about which a tangled mass of Iron- grey hair hung; lie had not even removed the big coat which he had donned some hours earlier in the evening; his strong, heav ily-soled boots were stained with patches! of black mud; and the eyes that burned brightly behind his blue spectacles had In tliem some thing which told of a mind plunged in specu lation. The door of the hut. was standing hnlf-opeh, ; and through the doorwuy the bright glow of the old lamp shot a broad ray of light into the outer blackness of - the silent Moss and adjacent colliery.! . Suddenly Adam Bannister's head was rais ed alertly and he ceased munching his chunk of bread and cheese. A footfall had come to him out of the silence, and he was waiting to see who came. He did not stir, ano ho quietly resumed his meal. Then the footsteps were heard again on the smooth, damp cinder-path outside, and some moments later a man's form was framed in the doorway. It was Levi Blackshaw, well-attlred, sharp of eye, suave-tongued, smooth-faced, und Inquisitive as usual. "Good night, my man," Blackshaw cried pleasantly as he took a step forward. "And so you are the new watchman, are you?" "Ah reckon ah am, mester," was the beard ed man's response, and his voice had harsher and harder notes in than when he addressed Lettlce Forrester earlier In the evening. "Ah felt jus' a bit 'cowd' wl' trampln' through: th' damp an' wee't, an' ah thowt a bit o! a snap an' a drop o" werm tay would liven me up lahke." - ' ." "I daresay It will, and I am sure I Hope, so, my man. By the way, I have forgotten your name. Wells told me about you, and I trust you will stay with us longer, than the last man did." "My name Is Bannister, sir— owd Adam Ban-, mister. Ah s'pose yo'll be th' y'urig . Mester, what Mester Wells towd me abeawt?" . \- "That ts so Bannister. My name Is Black shaw. I was just having a stroll round": the place before turning Into the Hall for reBt, and when I saw your cabin door open It struck me that I might as well drop in and have a word or two with you, Bannister." "Thanlcy, sir," and the- watchman's hand was jerked up to his grizzled beard. ."Things do seem to get a bit lonely lahke on th' Moss, In the middle o' th' neet." "Yes, that ts so. Orsden Moss is not' the II v- liest of "spots on a night like thls„ But you will soon get used to It; and you will seldom be left quite alone on the Moss, you know, tor more Is generally a man oh the brovv.'ln the engine-house." . "So ah reckon. Ah eon drop in theer neaw an' again when I want a smook an' a chat." "Of course," Levi remarked, and then, after a momentary pause, he added, "You're a Lancashire man— I can tell from your tongue, Bannister— but not an Orsden Greener; I think?" "That's reet, Mester Blackshaw," was th'e ready response. "Ah were born an' bred up Owdham way, but when ah was 'a y'oung chap ah coom deawn here, an' ah lived- at Hlndley an' Ince a goodish bit." , . "You worked In the pits, I suppose?" ' "Reet .yo are, mester. Ah worked 1' th' pits as lad an' ' mon for o'er forty ,'ear; an' when ah geet too owd for that theer soart o' wark ah had to do some'at, yo' known." "Of course, of course. And this Is your first visit to Orsden Green — I mean the first time you have ever stayed here or worked here?" "That's so, mester. Ah'd heer'd abeawt O'sden Green mony o' tahme, but ah connut ' say that ah were ever here afoor t'other day, when Mester Wells took me on." "You' would hear all about the remarkable way In which my uncle, the late Aaron Shel vocke, died, I daresay?" Blackshaw remark ed. "Well, sir, ah did hear some'at. Ah connut read, yo known, an' what ah- did get to know abeaut it was jus' what ah heer'd to'others readin' Int' pnppers." "Well, It was strange, to say the -least; and perhaps stranger still that the former watchman, whose place you now fill, should have died in a drunken fit the same .night," "Neaw, that was strange," the old watch man cried with some show of interest, as he finished his meal and proceeded to fill an old clay pipe with out tjvist. "But," he added, philosophically, as he lit a scrap , of paper at the fire, and held It above bis blackened jutty, "uh s'pose we a" han to gooa when eawr tahme comes." "The last watchman we had," Levi broke in, with a faint smile Irradiating bis dark face, "went before his time had' come. He was an old soldier, too, and one would have thought he was afraid of neither the living nor the dead. But he did not stop many weeks; was afraid of ghosts, so I have heard some of tho villagers say, and you got his shop. I hope you are not afraid of ghosts, Bannister?" "Ghosts, eh!" the watchman cried, as he puffed noisily ut'his pipe. "Not me, Mester, I've a lump o' oak ln't corner theer as'll shift annythtn,' ah reckon." Levi laughed aloud as his glance followed the sturdy old chap's finger. Then", as he buttoned his overcoat up to the throut, he said: "Well, I'll say good night to you, Bannis ter, and finish my stroll. May drop. In again some other night, as I often take a turn about the colliery und the Moss. Good "'"Good-neet, sir. Shall be gradely fain to see yo' again anny tahme yo're this way." Blackshaw nodded, drew back and went Into tho night, closing the door after him; and when the patter of his feet hud died away the watchman sprang erect and gllded_softly. lightly, across tho flags with which the small room was paved. Between the corner of the room and the door he paused and bent low, where a small object scintillated in the interstices of tho rough flags. That glistening spot had at tracted his eyes for the first time some mo ments before. Then he might not have seen tt had not he followed Blackshaw's wander ing gaze as It roamed here and there over the place. He tugged at the object with his fingers for a moment or two In vain. It was hard, smooth, of metal, and had been crushed be tween the flags with some force, as If a heavy heel had pressed It home. In an Instant he had whipped out his clasp-knife, Inserted the strong blade beneath the object and prized It forth. Then he went back and stood beneath the lamp, examining his find. The shining article tn his paiin was a small disc of gold, about the size of a threepenny piece, and evidently a portion of a broken sleeve-link. On the upper surface was a small shield, on which were graven ornately the two letters "L.B." . Oh the under surface was soldered a crush-: ed-and twisted link of. thin gold chain. It had evidently been snapped from its fellow by force,' and a greater force still -had wedged tli'n disc between the. (lags. "L.B.," the watchman muttered lowly. ''Those are. the initials of my visitor. This la a portion Of the sleeve-links Aaron Shelvocltoi presented to .Levi Blackshaw last: Christinas. 'How cairie It here? How long has It been ' -wedged In between those flags? Did he lose'. tt hero? And was he looking for it when I, caught his aye: .1 will find out.' / He crossed the floor again, and in a moment had pressed back the disc in ltB former place. Then turning down the lamp a little ho went forth upon, his nightly wlgiJ. .. . Passing the nurrqw lhfem of steep steps by which the brow was reached, Hie watchman went along the waggon road beneath the screens. As he passed a half- filled waggon he heard footsteps, .saw a man's form loom up in front, of him, and again he and his late visitor stood fitce to face In the semi-dark ness of the place. - "Good night, Bannister; I'm just return ing," cried Levi, genially, aB before. "By the way, have you a match or a light? I want a smoke, and have forgotten my match box somewhere," "My. lamp has gone eawt, sir," the watch man replied; "an' ahm.jus' gooin' to th' fire-, holes, to leet it again; But yo'll get n leet In my cabin, Mester' Blackshaw, if yo're gooin' that way. Th' door isn't looked, sir." "Thanks; good night. Am sorry to trouble; you further." They went their ways, and nn hour later'. Adam Bannister returned to his den. Slam-, ming the door, his eyes glnnced along the: narrow space of flags. The shining spot wits no-longer visible. A low laugh fell pleasant ly from .the watchman's hairy mouth. "Good! good! That is something won already. Mr. Levi Blackshaw has found his property and curried It olt.v That bit of gold may mean" much!" (to uk- continued.) 